[?] \- - 9 ?\j9e compile from the papers brought by the Nubia, which arrived on Tuesday evening, the following summary of Euro pean and American news. The latest dates of our files reach November 1st : — IKELAND. ♦ LECTURE ON THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER. ^On October 25 Mr. T. D. Sxillivan of the TNation delivered his promised lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, Dublin. The lecturer drew a vivid and eloquent sketch of the stirring time of the repeal agitation, of the division between its members, and the secession of Meagher and the young Ire land party, introducing copious extracts from his stirring speeches delivered at that time. Speaking of his oratorical powers, he gaid : In the whole range of Irish oratory, with the exception of a few passages of Sheil's poems, there were few pieces which could match the lyric beauty of the speeches of Thomas Francis Meagher. Then the lecturer referred to the founding of the Irish Confederation after the secession of the Young Irelanders fi;om Conciliation Hall. Its leaders were unselfish, chivalrous, and ardent. Meagher was their bright particular atar, and never did genius shine with greater lustre than during the brief and memorable existence of the Irish Confederation. He then touched upon the principal events of this exciting period. Meagher1 s life in Aus tralia — whither he was transported after |-©ing sentenced to aeatn at *jionmei, -wuere the dignity of his demeanour and the beauty and fitness of his language won the respect and admiration of the enemies of his cause — was next dwelt in. Meagher' s subsequent escape to America was then touched upon, and the part he took in the struggle between the North and South, in connection with the Irish Brigade, of which he had command. The cause was, in his opinion, one of the grandest and noblest in which any man could take a part. The glorious conduct of that brigade throughout the war was referred «.- ' „-- r.^w.r- 'l«vnrrfll flnixm +.H £VlA P.iftKfi of the war and the termination of his connection with the army. The subsequent six years of his life, and his melancholy death by drown ing in the Missouri Eiver, were then des cribed, and the lecturer concluded his eloquent narrative amid hearty -applause. THE MOVING BOG AT DUNMORE. On the 1st October, a farmer occupying some land on the Corrabel stream, nearest the bog, was digging his potatoes, when he suddenly observed a brown mass slowly approaching him. He left his spade m the ground, and went for the neighbours ; on his return the mass (which was the moving bog) had half covered his potato field, and com pletely hidden from sight his field of corn, with the exception of a few- 'stooks, | situated on a knoll ; they still remain; an island in the middle of a scene of desolation. This was but the commencoment ; since then the bog has continued to advance in a rolling ? ' __.i.:,,-.-,i»,r,- ifo omiMP ricrht, down the mass, uuuuijj.Li.iug i«a w^**.w „£,„_ — ?. ? valley to Dunmore, burying on its way three . farm-houses* and covering at least 180 acres of pasture and arable land to a depth, m some places, of six feet. The unfortunate occupiers of the three farms have been turned, by this visitation of Providence, formless and homeless, with their families, oa the world. The Tuam News says : ' Ihe first officially to visit this natural pheno menon, to bring it in all its remarkable destructiveness before the public, and to appeal on behalf of the poor people whose wretched condition under the unforeseen mis fortune we attempted to picture, we are glad to notice that our efforts are seconded by those of the metropolitan and provincial Press, and that men skilled in science interest themselves in the ruinous wonder. IRISH ' PROSPERITY. 'With reference to the wholesale Irish emi gration to build up a nation on the other side of the Atlantic, Mr. P. F. Johnson, , secretary to the Kanturk Labourers Union, writes to say that he has received a request , ' for 20 000 men for the Welland Canal ; and - that General John Walker, of Philadelphia, j ss coming to England to discuss 'the Texan question.' This is sufficient to remove the doubt, expressed by the Standard and Hour, as to the. desire of American statesmen for a wholesale landing of Irish labourers x-n their shores; bit reflects upon our 'statesmen, who passively permit the departure of the Iwne and sinew of both England and Ireland, etren if they do not stimulate the exodus ot a so-called excess population. In Ireland the people are still going 'with a ven geance.' Before the Land Act was ^^a *uo nnmilation was decreasing with painful regularity at the rate of about 23,000 a year; it has continued to decline at exactly the same rate1 ever since: It is much more lamentable to observe that Ire land is apparently less able to support her smaller population now than her larger popu lation in 1869. There were only 73,921 per oons in receipt of relief m I*eland ™ ^e *? of January, 1870; there were 79,649 per sons so relieved on the first clay of the pie aeafcyear. The population, in other words, has declined by nearly 70,000, but the roll of pauperism has been increased by about 6000 souls. These painful facts are a sufficient condemnation of English meddling and mud dling in Irish internal affairs to strengthen the demand for local self-government. Even the Land Act has certainly not retarded the depletion of Ireland of its population. THE URSULINE CONVENT, WATERFORD. On October 24 the solemn ceremony of profession of two young ladies who have devoted their lives to the work of their Creator, took place at the beautiful convent of St. 'Mary's, adjoining this city in the presence of a large number of clergymen and friends from Waterford, Ossory, Cashel, and Dublin. The ladies professed were Miss Ileen O'Connell, daughter of the late John O'Connell, Esq., and granddaughter of the great O'Connell. and Miss Cullen, daughter of J. Cullen, Esq., Ballingarry, and sister of Dr. Cullen, who, for some time most satis factorily filled the position of medical officer at Kilmeaden. The Lord Bishop of the dioceses, the Most Eev. Dr. Power, presided, the officiating prelate being the Most Eev. Dr. Moran, Lord Bishop of Ossory. MEETING OF THE IRISH BISHOPS. xne annual general meeting oi me i_/a,buu lic bishops of Ireland, looked forward to with great interest because of the peculiar posi tion of the country at this moment in rela tion to many public questions directly or indirectly bearing on religion, opened on October 14th at 12 o'clock at the pro cathedral, Marlborough-street, under the presidency of his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop. Besides the Cardinal the follow ing twenty-four prelates were present at the meeting: the Lord Primate, the Archbishop or Tuam.the Archbishop of Cashel, and the Bishops of Derry, Down andConnor, Dromore, Clogher, Meath, Kilmore, Ardagh, Eaphoe Ferns, Ossory, Cork, Ross, Limerick, Kerry, G-alway (who is also Apostolic Administra tor Kilrnacduagh and Kilfenora), Elphin, Clonfert, and Killala, with the Coadjutor Bishops of Kildare and Leighlin, Killaloe, and Achonry. So that only three bishops, and those through old age, illness, or other urgent causes, were absent of the whole Irish hierarchy: while only two dioceses were not represented. Yesterday the Jioyal College of St. Patrick, Maynooth, occupied their attention. To-day the business was general education, including the Catholic University, Training schools for Catholic teachers, and the primary schools connected with the National Board. Their lordships sat from eleven to five o'clock, and although the result cannot be stated with certainty, as the proceedings stand adjourned to the 16thj it is believed that the Catholic University is about to undergo several changes of a beneficial character, all tending to its development and efficiency, and that the bishops have determined to enter with increased energy and increased spirit into the great struggle for Catholic education. Steps have also been taken for the immedi ate opening of a training college for masters, under the superintendence of the University. These steps prove the unflagging devotion and determination of the prelates regarding +i,io crnaah miP.st.inTi. The full details of the meeting cannot, of course, be officially known for a few days. THE CARDINAL AND THE JESUITS. The Irish Times has stated, in a_ leading article, that his Eminence the Cardinal had prohibited the Jesuit Fathers from opening a house on Killiney Hill, where they have purchased, for £11,000, the well-known mansion and magnificent domain anc . grounds of Mr. Warren, High Sheriff of i Dublin. It was further stated that the !' Fathers had appealed to Borne against this prohibition. It is also implied in the article i that the objection to the new house was made upon the ground that the erection of a great college there by the Fathers was dis . approved of by his Eminence. As that article nas lea to inuuu. lm.su.pjjj.cj-itiion.'u o.u«. comment, I am in a position (says the Dublin correspondent of the Tablet) to assure your readers that the grounds of withholding ap probation are purely local and ecclesiastical, which every intelligent Catholic can readily understand, and will be, it is to be hoped, only temporary. The educational element did not enter into the question, and the allegation that appeal has been made to Eoine is totally destitute of any foundation whatever. jNto prelate in the church has shown deeper appreciation of the Jesuit Fathers than his Eminence the Cardinal, none could honour and esteem them more ; while the close official connection of some oi them with the Catholic University, such as the eminent Dr. O'Reilly, who is Dean of the Faculty of Theology, is sufficient to answer the implied charge of educational jealousy. HOME BTJLE MEETINGS. A meeting was held in Cork on Sunday, October 12, in favour of Home Eule, amnesty, and the agricultural labourers, and was largely attended, but disturbance was caused by some of the speakers, who expressed [dis- approval of Mr. Butt's scheme of Home Eule. Mr. Eonayne's influence quelled the disturbance and soothed the malcontents. Some of the London Home Rulers have, I peroeive, declared for simple repeal, and the policy of Grattan and O'Connell. No new accessions of influence have occurred this week. It was announced that the whole of the Catholic clergy of the Deanery of Mill street, in the county of Cork, but in the dio cese of Kerry, had, in conference assembled, passed resolutions declaring for Homo Eule. This statement having been flatly contradicted by the master of the -conference, the Eev. A. S. Griffin, parish priest of Mill-street, aad V .F., in a letter to the Cork Examiner, a correspondence appears in the Freeman in explanation of the error. It- appears that instead of the proceeding being the act of any deanery as such, it was only the joint expression of private opinion on the part of three parish priests. It is remarkable also '? — but to Catholic Irishmen quite intelligible — that while 1400 priests signed some years ago the declaration in favour of legislative independence, scarcely one-twentieth of that number have joined the Home Government Association, notwithstanding the unalter able desire not only of these clergymen but of the whole vast majority of the prelates, priests, and laity for local government. ATTEMPTED MURDER. A gentleman named Lefroy, nephew to the late Chief Justice Lefroy, was fired at in his own house, Derrycashel-lodge, county Long ford, at about 8 o'clock on the evening of 25th October, and although still alive his life is in a precarious state. He was engaged at the time in packing a hamper in his drawing room, when he received the contents of a gun, containing No. 4 shot and some bits of cut lead, fired from without, the shutters not being closed, the contents of which shattered his right arm and entered his side. The motive assigned for the deed is eviction, he having, it is said, ejected some tenants off his property. Doubts are however enter tained as to the cause of the attempted assassination. But slender hopes are- enter- tained of his recovery. Deeds of this kind arc of very rar« occurrence now in Ireland. THE HOME UV JjJi JH.UV.Jiai.is.Hi-. Truly ' the West's awake.' The noble letter of the Archbishop of Tuam to Mr. O'JSTeill Daunt was soon followed by the for mal adhesion of his Grace and the priests of that Deanery to tne national movement, xu pointed and unmistakable language those trusty and venerated guides of the people denounce the results of the Act of Union, and pronounce for the Federal plan of Government. But another equally gratifying piece of intelligence remains to be recorded. A weekhadnotelapsed when another Deanery in the same patriotic diocese determined to join the Home Government Association . e?i masse, and had their names and subscriptions sent to the editor of this journal for trans mission to the proper quarter. The Deanery of Ballinrobe, to which we (Nation, October 11) allude, is not the least important one of the great archdiocese, and is the fifth or sixth from the West of Ireland that has for mally thrown in its lot with tne people in the struggle for legislative independence. But of the clerical announcements of the week in favour of Home Eule another, and not the least important, remains to be men tioned. The three parish priests of the Deanery of Mill-street, Diocese, of Kerry, have fallen into line. In their name the patriotic Father Walsh, of Eathmore, has written to the editor of this journal, request ing to be proposed members of the associa tion, sending their subscriptions, and men tioning that the seven curates of the Deanery join them in spirit. The Home Government Association had a pleasant task before it at its meeting on the 7th October. Nine new members were to be elected, and a resolution was to be proposed thanking the Archbishop of Tuam and the priests of that Deanery for their spirited declaration. Mr. Butt, who moved this resolution, referred with justifi able pride to the high approval which had been extended to his plan of Home Eule, nr.fl in the course of his address vindicated ;he Catholic clergy from the libellous jharges and insinuations of the London journals that they were in their heart of hearts indifferent or hostile to the national rights of Ireland. Captain M'Cartney, D.L., seconded the resolution, and, although a Protestant, declared that the Catholic was I the national Church of the country. j THE CATHOLIC TJNIVERSTY. We learn from the Tablet, November 1, that the Eev. Father Keating, S.J., has been appointed Dean of St. Patrick's Collegiate House, Catholic University, while the Eev. Father Bauen, S. J., is associated with him in that and other important work connected with the discipline, domestic life, and tutorial instruction of the resident students m art. A collegiate house for medical students is being opened, and will probably be presided over by one of the medical officers of the University School in Cecilia-street. In com pliance with the resolutions of the bishops, several of the diocesan and other colleges and grammar schools have been affiliated to the 'Catholic University. The rector an nounced last Sunday that a series of dis courses upon the leading topics of the day, bearino- on religion, will be delivered at the University Mass at noon on Sunday, by some of the ablest clergymen in the metropolis. In addition to the subscription of ±,1000 from the Earl of Granard, and £150 a year, for four years, from Viscount Southwell, provided nineteen others contribute an equal sum. another person has promised, through Mgr. M'Cabe, V.G., P.P. ot Kingstown, £100 a year, for five years, to the Catholic University. There will be a meeting of the University Council oa the 2nd December,, when it is believed that the places of the twelve laymen who are to act thereon with the bishops will be filled up. Altogether*, the recent action of the prelates, viewed in its entirety, has inspired great popular con fidence, and given an immense impetus to the education movement. . THE PROPOSED WHOLESALE EMIGRATION. About ten days since a letter from Mr. Johnson, hon. secretary to the Irish' Agricultural Labourers' Union, to Mr. P O'Leary, of London, who had just returned from a tour of inspection in Ireland, respect ing the condition of Irish agricultural labourers, was published. In that letter it was stated that the Irish Union had resolved to send their hon. secretary and Mr. O'Leary to America to negotiate with the authorities at Washington for 'an emigration of the Irish people en masse to the Western and Pacific States of America.' The White Star line has granted free passages to the :wo delegates, and Messrs. Johnson and, O'Leary will very shortly proceed to Wash ington. It has been arranged that they shall then investig ite the condition of labour in the various states of the Union, especially in the Western States, inquire into the prospects of emigration, and lecture in the cities upon ' the deplorable condition of the Irish agricultural labourers.' It is proposed to embody in the scheme just decided upoa. a plan to send out to the United States some of the Irish residents in London through the co-operation of certain of the trades union organizations. HOME RULE. An important meeting on this subject was held at Roscommon late in October, when the following resolutions were passed:— That we regard with much satisfaction the proposal for a conference in Dublin of those who are favourable to the principle of self government for Ireland ; that it is a subject of rejoicing to know that our representatives, in whom we have every confidence, have announced their determination to attend that conference ; and that we firmly hope the results ot its deliberations will be such as to enable them, while giving expression to the views of their constituents, to act in concert with the other Irish members favourable to ' the cause of Home Rule in carrying out the object we all have at heart." "That we request, in addition to our county members Major DArcy, T. A. P. Mapother, the Hon. John French, Captain King Harman, P. Taaffe, J. Nolan Irwin, John Neilar, A. O'Connor Eccles, Farrell, M'Donnell, the officers of our association, and such other members as may find it convenient to attend, will represent this meeting at the coming conference." ANOTHER ' INFORMER' FOTJSTD OTJT. A vast number of burglaries have recently seen committed in Dublin, and the police some time since succeeded in discovering ;hat the head and soul of all these enter prises was a certain John Farrell, alias Brady 9 svho was duly hunted down, arrested, and brought up at sessions before the Recorder. . The man pleaded guilty to no less than eight burglaries, and was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. So far the case pre sented no feature of particular interest, but what interested the public most was the fact ' that some three months since Brady ap peared as a witness against Edward Kelly, whowastriedfortheattemptedassassinationof Mr. Murphy, of the Irishman. Hedeposedthat he saw the prisoner running away from the scene of the attempted assassination, that he pursued him, that the prisoner pointed a re volver at him, and that he never lost sight of the prisoner until he was arrested. The learned judge naturally, when charging the jury, laid great emphasis on the evidence of Brady, and highly commended his conduct. Edward Kelly was found guilty, and sen tenced] to a punishment worse than death, penal servitude for life. It turned out that the John Brady who testified against Kelly and the John Farrell who has been sent to penal servitude for burglary were one and the same person. This raises a question serious indeed in its complexion. At the trial Brady's character was, it appears, not known. It is now plain that he was a person on whose testimony ' a dog should not be hung.' MAJOR CONYNGHAM. Major DjP. Conyngham is spoken of by the influential Irish citizens of the Fourth Senatorial District as their candidate for Senator. As there is about a bakers' dozen of candidates already in the field he would be an excellent compromise, and^ a healthy change from professional politicians. Dr. Conyngharn is an able, fearless writer, and is the author of several works on Catholicity and on Ireland. On this account he would command the united support of the Irish element of the city for any office for which he might run. We certainly hold that thii ? is the^class of Irishmen who should be nomi nated for office, and not merely placehunt ing politicians.— New York Star. !^' iV THE RELEASE OF MB. o'REGAN. {jn October 13 a demonstration was made in Tralee by the Home Rulers, on the release of Mr. O'Regan from gaol. A band, followed by a large crowd, went to the gaol at 6 o clock, and remained there till 8, when their friend was let out. A scene of great enthu siasm then took place, the band playing and the crowd cheering. Mr. O'Kegau was met ?close to the town by the Home Rule candi date, Mr. Patrick Hayes, who took him into his carriage, and drove with him to his resi dence. An address was then presented, in which the conduct of the magistrates was highly censured. Mr. O'Regan replied in suitable language. A watch, with inscrip tion, will be presented to him in a few days. A force of constabulary has again arrived here, and taken up the old quarters in the Protestant Hall, Rumours are again afloat that we are to have an election, x?nd that the Authorities will draft the police again here. Nothing definite is known. — Freeman. me. d'arcy, m.p. \- A valedictory letter from Mr. D'Arcy, who hag represented Wexford county since J.OOO, intimates mac owing to cue demands on his time he feels that he cannot seek re-election on the next dissolution of Parliament. He trusts that his successor may support the popular claim for Catholic education and also for local government. The Freeman's Journal, the' Evening Post, and other Liberal journals cbDtain warm and deserved tributes to Mr. D'Arcy's fidelity and zeal as a faithful and devoted popular representative. THE FENIAN PRISONERS. ' It is intended to hold a very large amnesty meeting in Dublin on November 23, being the anniversary of the execution of the Manchester Fenians. Excursions are being arranged to rnn into Dublin from every centre of Irish population in the three kingdoms, and it is even, contemplated to to Bring contingents from the United States. It is calculated that 1,000,000 men, with 500 fcands, will be present. , . , DEATH OF AX OLD PENSIONER. William Downey, a pensioner of the British, arm}', died at Beragh on October 20, aged eighty-eight years. Deceased entered the army at an early age, and after a few years' service (in 1811) lost an arm through an accident at New Orleans. He has been in the receipt of Is. 3d. per day pension since that date (*. e. four 3Tears before the battle of Waterloo), and has during that long period received in the aggregate £'1414 78;6d. , . . DEATH OF JAMES GIBBONS. As we go to press, says the Iri^h Axnericah, we learn that James Gibbons, Esq., died oh Monday last, at his residence in Philadelphia. May he rest in peace. Heiwas * good Christian, a true Irishman, an .honest man, in every sense of the word. SEPRESENTATION OF THE COUNTY WEXFOED. A correspondent says it is freely stated that, Christopher Palles, Esq., Q.C., Attor ney -'General for Ireland, will ere long can Tass the electors for Wexford. A Home Rule candidate is also spoken of. — Saunders. '..?'„., FATHER PROUT. 'Mr. Dillon Croker writes to the Globe ?suggesting that a subscription list should sbe , opened for the purpose of erecting a tablet to the memory of FathSr Prout, to be placed over his remains in Shandon graveyard, county t Cork. He states that -several literary men in London have aready responded to his appeal, and that the first list of subscriptions will be shortly announced. FARMERS AND FARMING. ', 'Viator,' writing from Dublin, says : — ?' Never in the history of Ireland have horses brought so exorbitant prices as thsy have this year. At the fair of Ballinasloe they have ranged in prices from £100 to £800. Any common hack would realize £50, vhile a well- trained hunting horse would bring, even in Roscommon, from £200 to £400. I saw, a few days ago, a two-year-old colt sold in his halter at £90. I remember, twenty years ago, a friend of mine paid £18 for a ?cow. 'The price was considered so enormous that men residing several miles distant from where my friend resided came to see her, and said that if they ' had as inuch money as -Jack Farrell,' they would not pay so high a price for a cow, while they could purchase two, each of which would be as good as she, for £18. When I say that to-day, at any of the fairs in Roseommon or Longford, a cow as well-bred as the one I' have mentioned would bring £50, I say that which is true. Any pooi' man's cow in the county of Ros eommon would to-day sell for from £20 to £30, while two-years-old heifers arc being sold at from £16 to £25, yearlings £9 to £12, . and weanlings from, £7 to 10. Ro.scommon, I think, can challenge the world over to produce any thing in ?': the way of horse or horn cattle. that can compare with her breed. This excellency, especially in : horn cattle, should be partly credited to the laste.of the late Dean French of Elphin, who spared no expense in procuring the best- breed of cattle . any country produced. Sheep are rang ing in - prices very high; Ewes from £3 10s. to £4; yearling hoggets £3 to £3 10s.; lambs from £2 to £2 10s. Now, persons in America who may road this letter may say, ' The country must be very prosperous, and farmers must be getting wealthy ;' but there are really but very few farmers, in the real sense of the term, in Ire land ; 95 per cent, of holders of lai 4. are graziers. Except a portion of the county of Dublip, and a portion of the county of Wick low, adjacent to the city of Dublin, and some small patches about Cork and Belfast, there is, comparitively, no farming carried on in Ireland ; it is one grand grazing field from the Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear. There are a few farmers about Dublin, Cork, and Belfast who cultivate the soil, and with great success. The land about Dublin is, pro bably, as fine as any in the world, and those who cultivate it have a ready and remunera tive market for their produce. Hay, in Dub lin, is selling at £4 a ton, while the farmer can raise four tons of timothy, or forced grass as they call it here, to the acre, and so in proportion with all kinds of produce. I have more than once astonished my American friends when I told them that my father had often raised six tons of hay to the acre. They looked upon me as a sort of second edition of Munchausen. Well, I found now that I was not mistaken ; I find that graziers in Roscommon raise as much as seven tons of hay to the acre. Now, the question arises as to how 5,000,000 of people' should obtain a subsist ence, since there is but little cultivation of the soil. It is true that the stock-raisers aim muse wuu uiutivai/t; me sun aujuccuu w_- the cities are becoming wealthy, but let America cease her exportation to' Ireland of Indian corn, pork, and flour, and the whole population — box and dice — would be dead as a smoked mackerel inside of one year. There is not, in all Ireland, with the most glowing prospects of more than an average crop, sufficient breadstuff's, including wheat, oats, barley, and potatoes, to sustain the population of the country over four months ; nor has there been any year for the past twenty- five years sufficient produce raised off* the soil to 6upport the population six months of any one year, independent of the cattle, seventy-five per cent, of which goes to Eng land. Now, this is a serious fact to contem plate ; a fact that the governing classes ought to take under consideration, and try to devise some plan by which 5,000,000 of people would Bot be entirely dependent for subsistence upon a country separated from theirs by an ocean of 3000 miles in width.' CATHOLIC TOLERATION. '. O'Neill Daunt, in a late Home Rule speech at Dublin, referring to Catholic tolera tion, says : — -Look at the Parliamentary elec tions. My rev. friend, Mr. Galbraith, with his large heart and clear head, and his spirit of thorough fair play, took the trouble of analyzing a number of returns, by which he showed, that the Catholic electors, when in great majorities, as ireeiy gave tneir votes to Protestant as to Catholic candidates. I remember some instances of this Catholic spirit of impartiality; but a mere list of names is tiresome, so I pass over. They illustrate the good spirit that actuated the Catholics of Ireland. While ardently at tached to their own creed, they scorn the wretched bigotry that would intrude sec tarian distinctions into the domain of politics. Look, again, at our municipal bodies. For more than thirty years you have had a Catholic majority in the Dublin Corporation. Have not the Catholic members frankly chosen Protestant Lord Mayors alternately with Catholics ? Have not the other Irish corporations in like manner given full fair play to their Protestant members? It is true that in thus acting the}' had only done their duty ; but it is right to keep their con duct before the public mind, as it furnishes an unmistakable pledge of their hearty and honourable readiness to become interfused on fair and equal terms with their Pro testant countrymen — satisfied with equality before the law — not only not seek ing ascendancy, but regarding it with aver sion as being incompatible with national welfare.' (Applause.) I ask all alarmists to contrast the conduct of the Irish Catholics in this important regard with that, of the Scotch Presbyterians or the English Pro testants. Why, the Scotch electors would no more dream of returning a Catholic to Parliament than a Mahometan ; indeed I believe that of the two they would prefer, the Turk. And out of the 500 English members of Parliament there are just two Catholics, and I believe that one of them j became a convert since his election. Catho- ! lie's in Ireland are certainly not less tole- j rant than Catholics elsewhere; and of the j way in which these issues are managed on the Continent I can read you some testimony. Of Hungary, Mr. Gieig, a Protestant clergyman, writes: 'From the Catholics, though the dominant party in the State, the Protestants receive no annoyance. The most perfect harmony, on the contrary, prevails. . . . . The spirit of tolerance is more conspicuous among the Romanists than among their rivals.' And from a book entitled ' Austria,' by P. E. Turnbull, F.R.S., I take the following passage: — 'In the Austrian possessions at this moment every form of religion may be equally professed and exercised. At Vienna are at pi'esent consistorial congregations of Lutherans and Calvinists, .Jewish synago gues, and churches of the Oriental Greeks ; but persons of every shape of religious creed are admissible to all stations of the army, law, and civil government indifferently. Neither is this, as may be the case in some countries, a mere legal and not practical right.' Now, the fears entertained, or pre tended to be entertained, in a few quarters, that Home Rule would eventuate in some tremendous mischief to Irish Pro testants, are unsanctioned by the character of the Irish Catholics, ana are, in fact, mere ghosts conjured up by a guilty political conscience. (Cheers.) At the time of the memorable Clare election in 1828 it was O'Connell's policy to oppose every govern ment that did not make Catholic Emancipa tion a Cabinet question. So now, too, if a compact and resolute band of sixty or seventy Home Rule members made a point of opposing, upon every question, every government that refused to concede Home Government to Ireland — if, I say, sixty or seventy of our representatives had the firm ness and virtue to persevere in such a policy as this — our rulers would soon begin to discover that it would be a great convenience to send such intractable gentlemen back to College- green. (Cheers.) DEATH OF LORD ANNALY. We sincerly regret, writes the Irishman, to chronicle the decease of Lord Anualy, who died on the 3rd September, at the ripe age of eighty-four years. Judged by his own times — the Ireland of forty or fifty years ago — he was a man worthy of honour, respect, and acclaim, as one who, in the public life of his era, bore a courageous, an upright, and an honourable part. His name will be for ever associated with the gigantic struggle for Catholic Emancipation, to the parliamentary contests in which he freely devoted a princelv fortune. As the war ships of Nelson's time would be rejected in burs, so would the political platform of 1820 be on anachronism in 1870 ; and the attempt of the present Lord Annaly to pursue a public career merely on the principles of his father — honourable and noble as these were in their day — ended in utter collapse a few years ago. But nothing ever shook the personal regard and esteem entertained for the family by the. Irish people ; and when one of its younger members— the Hon. Colonel Charles White — presented himself to a popular constituency in really popular principles a few years ago, he was elected with enthusiasm. In private life, and in his relations with his tenantry, the deceased nobleman was a model for his class. He leaves behind him a grateful memory aud an honoured name. 