AN ENGLISE PILGRTMAGE TO CANTERBURY. The pilgrimage of about 300 ladies and gentlemen to the scene of Thomas A'Beekett's murder in the Cathedral of Canterbury-and of which the following is an outline-has given rise to considerable Comment in the public prosess: Tihe day selected was the Tth July, the Feast of the translation of the relics of the martyr, and the excursion was organised by tile Catholio Young Men's Society in London. Arrived by special train from Victoria station, Pimlico, tile company proceeded to the Corn Exchanoge in Canterbury, where a cold collation awaited them. The company, savs an eye witness, was numerous, varied in its composition, and persistent in its determination to be pleased. There was a considerable number of Catholic eeclesiastics- Father Christie appearing to combinethe functions of commandingofficer, adjutant, master of tih cerermonies. guide, philosopher, and friend. There were a peer of the realm, and a number of titled and decorated foreign gentlemen. There was a hIost of well-dressed, comely folks belonging to twenty different grades per chance in the social scale, but in thie enjoyment here of that best liberty, equality, and fraternity, which springs from a common resolve-the resolve to make the very most of a summer holiday. The ladies were in great force, both as regards numbers and general hilarity; and so irrideseently radiant were their toilets, that I should not be in the least surprised to hear of myriads of Kentish butterflies being that morning driven, through sheer despair of rivalling the ladies in the train in brilliance, to the commission of suicide. Carefully, patiently, and devoutly did the pilgrims subsequently explore all the well- known stations in the death Ilistory of Thomas A'Beecket-tlthe passage from the archliepiscopal palace, the west alley of the cloister, the north and eastern corridors, the northlern part of thle western transept, the quondam altar of the Chapel of St. Benedict, the place of the mortuary pil lar, and the spot of the martyrdom itself. And, as the doleful tale is recited by volunteer and well instructed guides, the whole scene of one of tihe most dramatic and one of the most distressing chapters in English history rises up, complete, substantial, vivid, as though it were angoccurrence of yesterday. The precise piece of the pavement, not much bigger than the palm of one's hand, into which sank the blood of A'Becket, has, as all know, loneg since been cut out, and found a resting-place in the Church of St. Thomas of Canterbury at Rome. When the pil grims came to this small square place very many of their number were observed to kneel and to kiss the revered spot. Others touched the place of the stone with their fingers, which they aelterwards carried to their lips, wsile all devoutly crossed themselves. This act of devotitn accomplibshed, the perambulation of the cathedral was continued, and attentive scrutiny was bestowed on the old route of the pilgrims to the shrine-the staircase worn into gentle undulating waves of stone by the attrition of countless thousands of human knees. The pilgrims arrived safe home in the evening, the ghost of St. Thomas, adds a correspondent, doubtless reflecting with complacency upon the many fair or foerent lips by which the place of his martyrdom had been kissed that evensong. 