MARYBOROUGIH. [vBOH OR OWN COBEMBPOanEsN.] Our political arena is still empty, and those who are said to be " coming men" have not yet come to the front to make their bows and present their addresses ; it is to be hoped they will do it in style when they do commence. Every man's motto seems to be " Sworn to no master, of no sect, am I," but at the same time seems to be watching all masters and every sect; and so sure as the storm precedes and often follows the calm, so surely, I believe, this apparent lethargy amongst men of all phases of political views is only to be compared to the dull sickening calm that denotes the approach of a tornado. The newspapers seem to be floating about without a helm : they have nobody to " walk into," for both King and Walshs like good generals, seem to be hanging back, and men's opinions have so changed since the last election that it is al most impossible to point to any man and say for cer tain he is a Walsbite, Kingite, or what " ite" he is. Every man is a mystery to his neighbour; but, de pond upon it, we shall wake up when the drums commence "to quarters;" then shall we be sur rounded with the "pomp and circumstance of war." I hope the candidates will have no objection toinvest a few hundreds in nobblere and neat little tips; I know I'm open for a good serutineership and election agent billet-good references from the Greasy Hat Club. The liveliest matter of local record is the sayings and doings of our dear little duck of a swindle known as the Municipal Council. I will spare you the infliction of a lengthy report, but sueice to say there is a so-called "sweeping" majority in it; and a nice kettle of fish they are, composed of two sharks and three mullets, or two wide-a-wakes and three tools. They have a knack of laying out the collected rates and borrowed money in a most delightfully judicious, but very die. graceful, manner. They have embroiled the town in several lawsuits through their gross ignorance in deal ing with the ferries, and now they are trying to shift one of our most important ferries to a site that would take a column or two to describe to you-but, in short, to a site that nothing but ignorance of the lowest type, or rascality of the deepest dye, could suggest. Happily, however, the power they possess over our municipality does not extend further than high water-mark; and four of the aldermen, including the Mayor, with the town at their back, have made such representations to the Government that the pet scheme of these very unfit men has been nipped in the bud. I think very seriously that the Government should try and see if some very important alterations in the laws relating to municipalities could not be made. Maryborouglh is only one example of many towns in Queensland that have been cursed through the easy manner in which ignorance or chicanery can creep into local council boards. If no alteration can be made, I say sweep them off altogether as a disgrace and stigma on the colony. The townspeople have assembled in a large open meeting to appeal to the Government not to think of vesting any of our reserves in the hands of the Corporation, as they had no confidence in this " sweep ing" majority, but to vest them in trustees under the Public Parke Act of 1854. The following gentlemen have been nominated :-R. B. Sheridan, G. Howard, H. Palmer, H. Stoward, and P. Graham, Esquires; and the selection, I think, is good, and will reflect credit on the people and the Government. I trust the Government will take proper notice of the wishes of the people of Maryborough with refer. ence to immigration to this port, and send ;us nothing more than our fair proportion of foreign immigrants. They had better send us a small Tower of Babel at once, for we are "hard up" for anything like an im migration barracks. Perhaps they are ashamed to send uesEnglish immigrants for fear the ghost of the Jordan cry will recommence; perhaps they are afraid that the immigrants on landing would be too disgusted to partake of the s8elter and confortl (God help them) they have provided for them; or perhaps they think it a pity to see so much hard cash coming to a place where it cannot be appreciated. Anyhow there is a perhaps somothing ; and prehaps we don't like it. September 24, 