Week eadiu JToe 7. One patient in the LunaticAsylum-John M'Callum, late of Bald Hills-died on the 31st ultimo of epilepsy, aged 47 years. No other change occurred during last week. On the Queen's Birthday a new Good Templar lodge, named " Germani," wasopened by the Germans of Maryborough. The trafic earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending on the 24th of May last were-Passenger fares, £480 2s. 6d.; goods and live stock, £1363 19s, 11d.; parcels and miscellaneous, £75 2s. Id.-total, £1909 4e. 6d. Increase on cor responding week last year, £440 6s. 8d. Iofloro the Registrar of the Sopreme Court on Friday last, in the goods of the late Mr. Thomas S. Sponcer, of Brisbane River, administration was granted to the widow of the deceased gentleman. The per sonalty was sworn under £200. The lovers of the drama in this town had such a treat afforded them on Monday as was never before placed before an Ipswich audience. Mr. Morton Tavares, with a large and powerful dramatic corps, played Shakespeare's tragedy of "Hamlet," in which the entire strength of the company was displayed to undoubted advantage. The acting throughout the whole play was the best that we have ever had in this town, and was well appreciated by the audience. Mr. Tavares'e Hamlet was an almost unexceptionable performance, while the Ophelia of Miss Surtees was worthy to be ranked with the best impersonations of the character we have ever witnessed-the mad scene having been particularly well acted. Mr. Seagreavo took The King, Madame Laporte The Queen, Mr. Newton Horatio, Mr. Hasker Polonius, Mr. Douglas The Ghost, and Mr. Poole The Gravedigger ; and each acquitted himself well. The subordinate parts were ably sustained by the Sisters, Miss Patty Holt, and other ladies of the company. (On Tuesday evening_ lst "Othello, the Moor of Venice" was played at the School of Arts by Mr. Morton Tavares and his large company, and was as great a success as was the play the previous evening, when " Hamlet" was placed upon the stage. Mr. Tvrares himself took the character of lago, in which his abilities as an actor were brought out to the great est advantage. The Moor was played by Mr. W. II. Newton, who was remarkably well up in his part, his rendering of which called forth repeated and most enthusiastic applause from the audience. Miss Surtees took the character of the lovely Desde neona, and appeared with her usual brilliancy and grace. Mr. Douglas played Cassio well, and Mr. Poole took the part of loderigo. The subor dinate parts were also well sustained. The appoint ments and dresses were quite new to an Ipswich audi ence, and lent wonderful effect to the play, which was given in full.-On Wednesday evening, the play of "Riehelieu" was rendered before a large house, and was received exceedingly well, the audience express ing their approbation in an unmistakable manner. Richelieu was played by Mr. Tavares, and, if he excels in any particular personification in the various plays in which he takes part, it is in this one. Julie de Mortimer was taken by Miss Surtees, who also played her part in unexceptionable style. Mr. Newton made an excellent Cohealier de Manprat; and Mr. Hasker as The Friar played with his usual ability. Mr. Douglas and Mr. Poole appeared respectively as De IJarada and De Deringqen; Mr. Tolano as The King, and Mr. Seagrave as 'Francois. The remaoiing characters were taken by Mdlles. Rachel and Heloise, and Mr. Lucas. The entire piece was played, and some new scenery was introduced, which, with the elegant costumes of the characters, contributed very much to the completeness which distinguished the pro anotion of this drrama. A rather laughable episode occurred in the proceed ings of the Assembly on Wednesday night (says the Telegraph),whilo Mr. Thompson was addressing the House. A female suddenly made her appearance in the Chamber and took up her position on the back Opposition bench,between Mr.Handy and Mr. Groom. The last-mentioned gentleman immediately withdrew, but the lion. member for North Brisbane very con siderately explained to the unusual visitor that she was rather out of place, and the arrival of the chief mes seonger, acting oas deputy sergeant-at-arms, convinced the intruding party that she had not yet arrived at that stage of feminine assertion which permitted her to take her seat in the Representative Chamber. Mesare. Wildash and Hutchison are reported to have purchased that snug little estate known as the Hermitage, wilh the view of adding it to the Canning. Downs property. We understand that it is to be used for breeding stud stock, and think it very likely, as there is no place in this neighbourhood better adapted for such purposes. Tuesday last was the day on which applications were received at the Stanthorpe Land Office for the ground thrown open under the minor's license system, and the total number of applications made was 623, as many as thirty-seven applications being made for choice lots. The number of licenses issued was seventy-seven. From the time of opening the officeo till nearly dark a large crowd surrounded it, all eager to obtain a selection. An association of about 100 miners, business-men, and others had been formed previous to the day of drawing, for the purpose of working such ground as might be drawn by its mem bere, and we believe about forty claims fell to their lot. Many private persons who had drawn prizes have, we are informed agreed to join the company alluded to, with a view to successfully working the ground ; others are determined to try their luck single handed. A meeting of the company mentioned, which is tolbe called the Stanthorpo Reserve Mining Com pany, was held at Scowen's on Wednesday evening, when a committee was appointed to wait upon the manager of the New Banes Company's claim, and ascertain what the cost of pumping the water from the reserve would amount to, an offer having, it was stated, been made by that gentleman to do so with the New Banca Company's engine, said committee to re port progress at a meeting of the shareholders on Fri day (this) evening. Mir. M'Clay was appointed secre tary pro ten. That this mode of working such ground is a good one we fully believe, as the claims are so small that even five or six, held by private individuals and amalgamated, would not be of sulficient extent to invite the expenditure of capital. Small companies of the kind, composed of business men and working miners, generally work well, providing they are pro perly carried out. If the ground could be worked by parties of four or five men, it would, no doubt, be better. But, in this instance, thie water is too heavy to contend against without capital and machinery: consequently, the course pursued by the majority of the applicants is, in our opinion, the wisest and most beneficial under the circumstances. The annual district race boal tooe place in the read ing-room of the School of Arts on Thursday evening, and was a very great success. Dancing commenced at 9 o'clock, and was concluded at half-past 3. The attendance was unusually numerous, and included visitors from every part of the district, as well as from Brisbane. DMr. B. J. Smith acted in the capacity of master of the ceremonies, and was as efficient and in defatigable as of yore. The Volunteer Band, under Mr. Cramer, supplied the music, which was rendered with much taste and precision. The supper was fur nished by Mr. M'Gill, of the Criterion Hotel, and was served up in that superior style which characterises anything that he undertakes as a public caterer. The tables comprised the choicest delicacies as well as many of the ordinary substantials of life, and the wines, &o.;, were excellent. Dancing was kept up with great spirit throughout ; the only drawback was the smallness of the room, which was nicely decorated. A boy of six years, a son of Mr. Burns, residing near the Six-mile Bridge, was brought into the hospital on Friday suffering from sneke-bite. He did not know how lie had received the bite, but on being examined by Dr. Rowlands two fangs were taken out of his foot, and a liberal application of liquid ammonia was resorted to. lie was progressing farourably up to late in the evening. The following is the medical report of the Ipswich Hospital for the week ending 5th June :-Remaining last week, 53 ; admitted since, 2 males ; discharged, 1 male ; remaining, 36 males 18 females-total, 54. Out-door patients, 8. HOM(EOPATHIC COCOA.-This original prepar ation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, ismanufaetured by Tarcon BnonEeos,under the ablest tomccopathic advice, aided by the ok 1I and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, floe aroma, and nutritious properly of the fresh nut. MARAVILLA COCOA.--TYLon BROTHERS (the largest lanufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite com parison with any other Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma -Sanative, Nutritie and Sustaining Power-Easi nees of Digestion-and especially, high delicious flavour. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Re freshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution " ~inaat.LA." is n regislered Trade SMark. MARAVI LLA COCOA.-The Globe says, "TAYLOR BROTtEans' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a tihorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Mtaravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further farcurable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, Briltis 1Ifedical Jouealr, ?e., S&. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclu sively byT oaBusnBuR TEa,thelargostmanufacuturersin Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only by Store keepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 142 take place at New York, the residence of Mr. E. W. Ilargreaves, who had kindly offered the use of his grounds for the purpose. The other bodies of tem perance advocates in town took part in the proceed ings: the Golden Stream Lodge, I.O.G.T., the Cadet (Lifeboat) Lodge of Good Templars, and the Band of Hope in connection with the Baptist Chapel. A pro cession was formed in West- st'eet, in front of the Temperance Hall, in which the several bodies men tioned joined. They were preceded by the Temper. ance Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr. Hegarty. Previous to the procession starting a large banner was presented to the Golden Stream Lodge, I.O.G.T., by Mr. Robert Wilson, of Nicholas-street. The banner is 9ft. wide by 7ft. high, and bears in the contre a large lion's head with a copious stream of water issuing from his mouth. This is surrounded by a neat twisted scroll; immediately at the top is the all-seeing eye, and on each side are a brazier with figures represent ing Faith, Hope, and Charity underneath. The re verse side of the banner bears the name and number of the lodge on a blue-black ground. The whole is borne on a cross pole suspended on two side poles. Bro. Hargrearves, W.C.R., conveyed the banner to the lodge, in the name of Mr. Wilson, in a neat speech, in which he referred to the figures Faith, Hope, and Charity, which he said represented faith in the prin. ciples of their order, hope in its future, and charity to all others. Brother Lower, W.O.T.. on behalf of the lodge, briefly thanked the donor for his handsome present. Three cheers were then given, after which the band played the National Anthem, and the pro. cession moved off in the following order:-1, Reochab. ites; 2, Golden Stream Lodge, I.O.G.T.; 3, Baptist Band of Hope; 4, Cadet Lodge, LO.G.T. The three former bore their large banners, and the members of the several lodges appeared in full regalia. The pro cession marched along Brisbane-street to New York, where preparations were immediately made for the carrying out of the games which had been arranged for the occasion. These were held in a paddock immediately adjoining Mr. Hargreave's residence, and were under the management of a special committee. The following were the games engaged in: J. Quoits-First prize, 5s., J. Jeffrey; second prize, 2s. 6d., J. Bain. Four entries. 2\. Men's Race (300yards)-First prize, 10s., J.Kerr; second prize, Se., J. Lytiden. Five entries. 3\. Youth's Race (200 yards)-First prize, 7s.6d., - Moffatt; second prize, 5s., D. M'Phie. Five entries. A number of Polynesians gave one of their native dances after this race, which occasioned a great deal of amusement. 4\. Boys' Race (100 yards)-First prize, Is., John Lyndon; second prize, 2s. 6d., E. Thomas. Nine entries. S. Sack Race (150 yarde)-First prize, 5a., H. Good; second prize, 2s. 6d., J. Jeffrey. Five entries. S. Three-legged Race (150 yards)-First prize, 5s., Good and Jackson; second prize, 2s. 6d., M'Phie and Skinner. Four entries. 7\. Hop, Step, Jump-First prize, 5s., Luke Smith; second prize, 2s. 6d., J. Lyndon. Three entries. 8\. Running High Leap-First prize, 5s., J. A. Stew art; second prize, 2s. 6d., J. Lyndon. Four entries. Football ad " Aunt Sally" attracted a good share of ittention, both games having been well kept up throughout the day. A "Punch and Judy" show was exhibited twice, and was a chief attraction of the day; ;t was under the management of Mr. Wilaon. A luncheon was provided on the groand by Mr. 3. 3\. Denham, at which the officials and some invited guests from Brisbane and elsewhere were entertained. The band played at intervals throughout the day, and dances were kept up with spirit. The attendance during the day was estimated at from 800 to 1000 people, and the affair altogether was a most enjoyable one. Thec sports were concluded shortly before 5 o'clock, when the procession was re-formed, and marched into town in the same order in which it had left in the morning. On arriving at the Temperance Hall, three cheers were given for the Queen, three for the band, and the procession then scattered. 