THE CHIIS8TMAS MYST'ERY. For years I had spent Christmas with the Yarnolds, at their place down in Lin conshire. Such a habit had this b'cifome that I never thoug!,ht of Christmas except in association with the old manor-house they lived in, and the wintry aspect of the pleasant scenery surroluding it. The un derstanding was that I should nat wait for an invitation, but in the December of the year ol which I am going to spe.!k-a year not very remnte-I r.eceived a lutter from my old firiends, couched in such warm, cor dial terms, that I could not have refused. to accede to their wishes whatever other ar rangements I might have contemplated for Christminis. A special day was named for my going dorwn, and I was advised to take the train leaving London at five in the afternoon, so that the carriage might meet me at the sta tion when the train came in, and take me and my luggage on to the lanor-house. To this I assented in my letter acknowledging the invitation, and so was not only pledged to spend the holidays at a particular place, but also to start on a given day, at a fixed hour. These arrangements subsequently became important, because, had they not hcon en tered into, I might not have gone to the Mtanorr house that year; I certainly should not have started on the day agreed upon, for on the morning of that day a most un pleasant circumstance happened. The mor ning's post brought me a letter from a stran ger. of rather a startling nature. It was in a woman's handwriting, and was signed M1arthla Iathgrave. The letter commenced in liercely indignant and upbraiding terms, ando it charged me with jowardice and vil :Iny. Then the tone changed to one of pit'.ious appev' and entreaty. It is not ne cessary that i should set down the exact teras of the letter here; enough that, as I gmhii wred, the writer was a frantic mother, whse daughter had been tempted from her hoam,) by some designing scoundrel, and who, distracted between indignation and misery, besought in hysterical and inco herent terms that as far as possible the in jury might be repaired by the restoration of the misguided Agnes (that was the name given in the letter) to her home and her friends. The shock of such an epistle may be ima gined. My astonishment at the receipt of it was unbounded. Thatt i was intended for me, there could be no mistake. My name appeared in full on the envelope-Hare Court, Temple-and my name was repeated at the bottom of th:e fourth page of the shcei, of note paper. Yet I could swear -I ne-.'r heard the name of Rtilthgravo befor,. and as to being a party to the abductioni of. thf utnfortunate Agnes the charge was ludi ?iTartlma Rathgrave wrote from Chertsey. i Had the day been at my own disposal, I i should certainly have started off at once in search of the lady. with a view to clearing up the mystery. But there was my pack ing, and I had fifty little matters to see i about before the hour at which it was in 6vitable that I should catch the specified ( train. There was nothing for it but to i write a letter, and I sat down for that pur- i pose. I sat down, but under the circum stances, a letter was a difficult thing to write. What could I saythat would in any way satisfy Mrs. Ratlgrave ? To tell her that she was mistaken, and that I wai not the man she sapposed, would obviously, to I her mind, be adding untruth t t the cata Iog!'e of my misdeeds. She called me a cow'ard and a villain; I hesitated in con- c1 viiang her that I was a liar as well as t tihe:e. I TWhile sitting pondering over this, I pro- t, sontly bethought me of an expedient. I t could not go to Chertsey myself, but I could c send a friend. I thought and thought and 1( suddenly I hit upon it. There was Gilbert t( Stone. The very man ; young, smart, fond n of adventure, and ever ready to do a man a a service. Moieover, he was easily found, his chambers were only in the next court n W'Vih'?ut urther rcflection, I resolved to fi takbe im into my confidence in this strange a business, and ask him to fathom the mys- w tery. p With the open letter in my hand, I went p, to Stone's chambers. They were on the am fourth floor, and when I had mounted to the sl top of the gloomy staircase I found, to my w w . disappointment, that his outer door was w closed. Thinking it still possible yhat he flr might bhe there, I gave a sharp rap, but TI there was no response from within. It was w< hopeless. q SI had decided this, and was about to be turn away, when I heard somebody begin pa slowly to mount the stairs. It was a heavy je' weary step. but came on steadily, round dr afier round. I leaned over the balustrade, !an and wlas mentally contrasting the step willth wi Stonie's light, agile bound, when, to my in- a ] tease astonishment, on coming into sight, tig I r:e.iognised Stone himself. At the same he moment he caught sight of me, and cer- ho tainly his astonishment was not less than the *mine. He started, and put out one of cid his hands against the wall to steady him- soi self. " What do you want?" he gasped very prI :angrily ad, " You are not at all well Gilbert," I re- qur joined. do " Nonsense! Never better. What is it?" COt I said it would be necssary to go into her some little explanation, and helthcn crawled cioi up the few remaining stops, and putting his; pli back against the stair window, flided ]his at a arms, and intimated that he wans ready to ans hear what I had to say. He seemed to leai have no intention of iskiing me into his my -lhambers, a;'l though I thought this odd, suce I would not appear to take any notice of deri it. aga There is seldom much liglt in the Temple her in December, and this morning was specially of gloomy. So, in the position Gilbert had was taken up, his face was wholly dark to. me- " I could not see a line of it. In a few words mill I explained what had happened, and pro- A posed to read the letter. He nodded, and out. I went through it from end to end. He ap- towi pjl:rently listened intently; but when I had was done, and had folded up the paper, he still the ( retained his listening attitude, and it was a fe\ only when I said, The " Now, I want you to see into this for (the me, old boy," that he started up and re- from plied, "With pleasure; give me the let- planc ter." I gave him the lott,,r at oir.c,, into his ous^ halnd. w, '( " And you know nothing of them ?" he ask,'d. ith " Absolutely nothing." ,in- lie laughed. me " All right. You are the genuine victim ept of a m:stery. Enviable b.'aig! Well, en isO joy yourself old boy. Consider all this the I as good as s'luared:. A mrry Christ in- Imnias!" for I reciprocated the wish, we shook hands, Lhe and I hurried away to prepare for my jour car ney with a. sense of relief. In a few hours )m I felt certain the unpleasant little mistake or- would be cleared up. Still, I felt anxious. to for Stone's letter. And that remindedme ar- I had not told him where I was going. ,or Well, no matter; I couldn't toil up those stairs again; he must address me at my ng chambers, and his communication would be i'n forwarded to.me in due course by the next so post. ta- And now I reach a portion of my narra no tibe where it is necessary for me to observe To the utmost exactness of detail, in order to ng gain credence for what I shallhave to state. ed Mvy iacking was finished at half-past four; ce, a cab then conveyed me and my portman (d teau and a hat- box to the Great Northern terminus. The train starting at five, was, no us I know, express to Peterborough, not n- stopping on the way, it ultimately reached 1o Lincoln, the station nearest my destination.. 14 at twenty-five minutes after nine that n, night. n- There were not many passengers by that )r- train. I noticed this myself, and it was n- confirmed by the guard, with whom I got in into conversation, and who was kind enough; ad to offer me a compartment for myself, in old case I preferred it. I dicprefer it, as I had is, some papers I wished to look over going '1- down, and the guard showed me into a: )f- first class carriage, to secure me against in, co- trusion. As soon as we were fairly out of ,Lt the terminus, I took the bundle of papers I I have mentioned from my pocket, determined r, to make the utmost of the rapidly-failing or light; for though the lamps of the railway id carriage were lit, they were not pleasant to ad rea1 by. o- The oscillation of the carriage as the n- train bounded along at express speed was of irritating; but in spite of it I soon managed ,e to get absorbed in my work. For some er twenty or thirty miles I read on and on, making myself master of the idetails of a a- somewha't intricate case which had been it submitted to nmy judgment. Thon a very or natural thing happened. My mind reverted i Lo to the, event of the morning, I suppose, and. re suddenly the name of Agnes Rathgrave be 1d gan to intrude itself into my reading. The 1e words mixed themselves up in an odd I fashion with the writing before my eyes gleamedl and flashed there with such vio * lence, that I began to lose myself in idle.: \- speculation about this unknown girl. Was she pretty ? Interesting in manner ? Lov uing in disposition? These and similar I I questions were bewildering me, when I was n suddenly startled by a sound like a deep r Though I believed myself alone in the ?, carriage, I looked up sharply. Daylight J Swas waning; but the lamps had in conse 1 quence brightened, and I had no difficulty o in seeing about me with the utmost clear- t -pness. " \- Imagine my astonishment then, when, on I. 0 raising my eyes, I discovered that I was } y not the solo occupaht of the compart- i !r ment. t Unquestionably, it was shared by a corm- I t panion. The seat next but one was occu pied by alady, who sat gazing intently out I a of theil farther window. There could be no s \- doubt of hler being there, yet I felt certain ' s that she had not entered the carriage at 1 King's cross, and it was quite impossible t \- that she. could have entered it since, while E [ tearing along at express speed. My flesh ' P 1 ceapt, and I felt a lifting of my hair as I s 1 looked at her; yt I did look at her very in- 0 t tently, so intently that I could recall every minute particular of her appearance and e0 Sattire. ti She was, so fiar as I could judge, not h more than twenouty years of age, petite in f Sfigure, with small, delicately shaped hands In and feet. As she wore a black veil, shiny sl with bugles, down to her mouth, the upper tc part of her face was hidden, but the lower .' portion was most delicately turned. Mouth di and chin were beautiful; so was a little di shell-like ear, of which I caught sight. But sl what strucki me most forcibly was the snowy or whiteness of ker complexion; there was no bE fluash in it; even the lips were bloodless. flu The lady's dress was neat to simplicity. She su wore a black and white check silk, the skirt fa quite plain, anda short velvet mantle. Her di bonnet was also of velvet, with. a cluster of pa pansies in it over the left temple. I saw no jewellery. My attention was specially mi drawn, to my companion's hands, from their A :unusual smallness and the exactness with so0 lwhih her gl .ves fitted. Moreover, she had m a peculiarity of tihe left hand; she kept it an tightly clenched, ;and I presently saw that pa her object in doing so was to retain fas t m hold of a crumpled fragment of paper; but the apparenyt tenacity of grip might, I de- " cided, be unconscious, as she was much abt- l sorbed. aw Beginning to smile at my own alarm, I gra presently mustered up courage enough to 1 address the lady. Leaning forward, I in- bei quirect whelther she preferred the window cole down. bre The noise of the train a:.as so great that I could hardly hear my own voice; but she heard it, and turning toward me smiled gra ciously. Her lips also moved, and she !:,;redl her right hand on the window strap at th sameo moment I understood her to answer me in the affirmative. So I bowed; leant back in my seat, and tried to resume my reading. In this I was only partially, successful. My eyes were constantly wan dering toward nmy companion, who was again watchingthe fading landscape through her veil, while I speculated on the mystery of her being in the same carriage as I was. "I will speak to the guard," I deter mined. As I did so our speed began, and looking out I saw that we were close upon the old town. The exnress stage of our journey i was near itsend. The beautiful facade of I the cathedral was already in view. Within l a few minutes we were entering the station. The platform was on my side of the carriage k (the reverse had been the case in stirting from King's cross), and as the name of the t place was shouted out, mingled with a cry j~' Tickets !" I noticed that my mysteri- I nus.ompatlion turned her beautiful face my i w;1% 8 "You get out at this station?" I in quired. She at once answered me in the affirma t ive. I put my hand out to open the door for her. It was locked. At the same moment the collector came up and s.sked to see my \- cket. This lady will get out at this station," I ,said. \- " Lady, sir; what lady ?" asked the, s guard. 3 I turned sharply round to where my com panion had been seated. She was not -there. " There was a lady seated in this car riage a short time ago," I stammered out. " Sir!" he ejaculated; then peering in my face and seeing the look of consterna tion there, he added, in a conciliatory tone, " Been dreaming, sir; there can't have been no lady along o' you sir. Both doors was; locked." ( I darted to the other door and.tried it- fastened! A cold shudder crept over me as I looked at the amused faces of these two men. My own face must have been ghost like. Fortunately, there was no time to discuss the matter further; time was up, and the train moved on. As the station receded from view, and a sense of being alone came over me, I nearly swooned with terror. There could be no blinking the truth from me now.. I had seen a ghost! It had ap peared to me in that place, and for all I knew, it might return. My eyes glared at the seat it had occupied. I dared not turn from it, yet I felt assured that should the phantom presentitself again I should throw myself from the carriage in the very mad-. ness of terror. My only consolation was that the train stopped at the next station Boston, only a few miles distant, and there it would be practicable for me to get into another compartment, one in which there were booked and duly accredited human beings. The distance between Peterborough and I Boston was interminable to me in my agony < of alarm ; butit was traversed without any ] fresh ghostly experience, and at the instant the train stopped I leaped out. The relief of escaping was -fo intense, that I. ,ould hardly stay to collcct together my papers, I rugs, and other trifles. A porter proffered ]I assistance, and I gladly availed myself of ( it, though I had to put up with his aston ished looks when he found I was. only mov ing from one carriage to another; appar- 9 ently without any. object. I selected a J compartment this time with plenty of life e in it-two burly farmers and an apple- C faced old lady gave security from further horror, and I was congratulating myself on the success of my move, the porter I had en- t gaged came to the. window and touched his o cap. I " Beg pardon, sir," hlie said, " but does I this belong to your papers? Found it on the seat of the other carriage which you a just left." He held out, as he spoke, a crumpled fragment of manuscript; I recognised it the moment I took it. There could be no co mistake as to its being the fragment of h paper which my mysterious fellow- traveller s1 had clutched so tightly in her beautiful ; hand. i` The train had a.:rted, and it was impos- : sible to give back the paper. It was not g mine, I had no right to it, yet so peculiar P: was the chance that had given it in my pos- I session, and so strangely was it connected T with the most singular experience of my h life, that I felt bound to preserve it. As m the eyes of ay companions were all upon I me, Isimply placed the fragment in myJ hi pocket- book, determined to examine the 3. strange document on reaching my journey's end. d end. M?My recelption at the Manor house was s, cordial, and it was so absolutely necessary to render one's self agreeable among e houseful of guests, that my adventure al most passed out of my head, until I foun( myself in the dead of the night in the sleeping chamber which had been assigned to me. All the alarm I had felt in the railway carriage came back to me with re doubled intensity. I found my eyes wan dering from chair to chair, confident that I should see my ghostly companion seated in one of them. And instead of trying to banish this impression from my mind by re flecting on other things, I found the one subject drawing me to it with irresistible fascination. I could not even resist at thic dismal hour, the temptation to examine +he paper. The sight of this, as I drew it out, gave me a turn, yet it was a very simple matter. A mere crumpled scrap of paper.. I sat some time with it lying open in the palm of my hand, looking at it dreamily. Then an idea, suggested by the shape of the paper and the wrinkles in it, suddenly seized me. " This is part of a letter," I said aloud " a part held in a hand with a desperate clutch while the rest had been wrenched away. She must have held this in a death grasp. A gust of wind howled round the cham ber, and moaned itself piteously away. The cold dew of terror came out in beads on my brow. It was some time before I summoned courage to undertake a minute examination of the writing before me. When I did it yielded little; there were only a few lines on one side of the paper, and .they were broken and fragmentary. This was all I read: "-Make you my wife and I shall not forget-Foolish impatience ruin all Your family--Exposure-To be regretted." There was nothing more; all that might had rendered this an intelligible sentence had been torn away; as it was, the frag ment was worthless. It told nothing, and how could it in any way throw a light on the mystery of the apparition which troubled me more and more as I reflected on it. Indeed, I felt that I dared not think over it too intensely, and though the ghostliness of the chamber (exaggerated by my own imagination, no doubt) weighed heavily upon me, I boldly extinguished the light and threw myself on the bed,. where,. after a time, fatigue. resulted in broken slumbers. All next dap I debated with myself whe ther I should take my host into my confi dence in the matter of my railway mystery, but though Yarnoldis a capital fellow, he is one of those sturdy, hard headed, un sentimental yeoman, with no possible be-, L- lief in the supernatural, and I decided that he would only receive" my bitLCien.at with 1- incredulity, or open laughter, so I kept my counsel for that day. Next morning my r letters were brought up to my room. All it that had come to me at the temple nad been y put into an envelope which I had left di rected with my clerk, so that he might for I ward them to the Manor-house. The let ters chiefly related to matters of business; e, but the last I opened had more special per sonal interest. It was the letter I had ex p ectedfrom Gilbert Stone, and related to me. S-;, Stone's communication was short-a mere I note-but to the purpose. He had called ,on the lady, Mrs. Rathgrave; had foundher a greatly concerned about her daughter's elopement with some person unknown, but who appeared to have corresponded with the 3 girl in my name, borrowed, in all proba s bility, from the London Di,',ctory, to which authority the mother haid gone for my ad Sdress. Stone added that he had effectually Scleared up the mistake so far as I was con corned. He wrote in haste, as he was going \- off with a friend to spend the Christmas in the country. S" Thank goodness," I ejaculated, " therei is one mystery cleared up. Now if I could I only satisfy myself about my fellow travel ler-" :: S I stopped abruptly. Surprise took away . my breath; while speaking I held my Sletter from Stone in my hand, regarding it with a fixed and l thorough gaze. Now, \ Swith a quick, lightning suddenness, a dis me. The writinq on the firament of pnap)r whic/h the woman had 1id in h"'r qrasp was identieal 1 with that of the letter which Iheld in my hand. SNo wonder I was muto writh u':r asto- i ishment. Of course, the ir.s~ i':,riWe;i<. yielded to doubt; but (close, ! !iinui ' comparison of letter for letter dit:il:d n.i The words I had read oviecnig'h n!r': in. Gilbert Stone's handwriting. \\\':at, tiho:. did it all mean ? What on earth hit, h? pened? 1 I went down to breakfaist gr:eatly per turbed, revolving those queatios in my ( mind. Yarnold met mein the corridor; ho hlad been reading his letters; there was a sheaf of them in his hand. His whole face was 1 radiant. " More guests my" boy!" ho exclaimed, shaking the letters at me as we met. " By t Jove! ve shall have to get tlh ~ianor-]lous. v enlarged before noxt Christmas cojn; c on." " Yes; ri,9 asit if is we shall have to war-! i ter one of the: iew, - ci)'L'r- "i ymo; a n:i 1l of Sir Harry PFiL:h:s. You !nay kno'v ii.! perhaps by the way ; hI is at the 1i:1i in i London. 1I " Does Shir T rry ntoeii 1ii his nmm?" I . asked. S" 0 ]', t' 't :: "- - - t :*:" ,' ·. '- - ) -! ' ; :1 Stone." Ih I waseonsions o ?s:i. ;: i cihaging h colour. Yur'nold loo10 i s' e'ised. as wed, ti he might, for he could lit'tle gues;s the! h strange thoughts and miisgivings which b were already slaping theliselves in my i ti mind about the man whose name le had T mentioned as about to come there as his 't guest. However, I submitted to his sur prised looks, rather than make any state- h1 ment as to those doubts and misgivings. hI They were, indeed, so vague that I could hardly put them into words. I contented vi myself with remarking that I believed that, I know Sir Harrv's friend, and Yarnold '. himself, to my relief, se:.n lihanged the sub- : til 10f>(- ' e10 'J e'". y's Three days after, ( Ith]rr't Stone e?a?, down. His surprise at seeing me there was so naturally very g'r::e. I hadl not mentioned to him in town w .. I was going to spend a my Christmas, and it certainly seemed a 11- strange coincidence that my friend, Sir ad Harry Finch should hae brought him he down to the same place. It was, though ld he did not suspect it, more than coincidelce, he it was destiny. He did not mention .is.let e- ter transmitted to me that morning, and of , course I said nothing about the discovery r had made, identifying the writing with that in of the fragments left by my spectral com to panion in the railway train. In truth little? e- passed between us, for I fancied that. great e as was his surprise at seeing me, his un le easiness was greater. Nor, I could t?ll, ic was. this lessened on hearing that it was my e room he was to share. He affected to he charmed, but I saw that his lower lip e dropped anid quivered. I had already come '" to regard him with grave suspicion, and determined to watch his actions very Sclosely. l There was dancing that night, and Stone e threw himself into the amusement with e, thusiasmn-I thought with recklessness, if not desperation. Suddenly, when the gaiety of the scene was at its height, I saw hi:n e give a hurried glance round the hall and steal away. I followed.him, but at a dis tance. He ascended the stairs, and tra versed the corridor leading to our room. His step was noiseless, and I pursued him like a shadow. The room was full of moonlight. As he went in he thrust to the door, but did not. I close it. I stole up andlooked in. He was stooping over a portmanteau, from which he took out a small writing desk ; a key at tachel to his watch chain enabled him to open thin. What could be his object ? The moni '.; 'rs strong enough to show me what hie1 k friom the desk, a handful of opuJ,. rs. But a man does not leave the., dance to read lftt,,rs by ',, nliighlt. No, nor a by lamplight; lnr.a:;h while the thought t was in my ,mini. h] sru , a mateh .al lit the taper on ibe tnable by his siIe. Then ] he held onuti: o?e of the lct -rs to",rdls the I hardlv-ki l:-?.t1 flame, so that the corner of s the.I p:~pr alinot ignuicl. I(.; o ,l?ect, then, a was ,, to r~al,. but fl dest ov-:. destroy c something betir I could ob;erve his move-" q ments. . In the instant of my d.t,:i.ina that inten-. q tion I was in the ronm!, my right hand had J firm hold of his right wrist, and we were nI glaring fiercely at each other, eye to v eye. V "Stay Gilbert Stone!" I cried. "You a destroy nothing." " Who will prevent me ?" he demanded h angrily. n "T I will!" - c " And by whose authority ?' "That ofthe dead!!" , u ' ".·: . ,Z . . . t His look changed, and he staggered from. 1 Hse. Then, with the courage of desperation, She summoned up all his strength, and made , a rush, seizing me by the throat. Our P struggle was very short and sharp; but 'I threw him, and he lay there at my feet glaring. In the contest the letters had fallen, and lay scattered about us. Among- them was the one he would have destroyed in the flame. I recognised them at a glance, for it was much crumpled, and a half- circular piece had been torn out of the bottom of it. Hardly a second glance was necessary to convince me that I had in my pool, t the missing piece, which would render it .., plete. As Stone gazed at me.with vicious eves, I tore out my pocket-book, producedtho trig ment, and fitted it into the letter, which it matched exactly. " How dare you come here to pry into my letters?" the man demanded, with an at tempt at swagger. " I have given you my authority," I re plied; " it is that of the unhappy woman to whom you wrote these words: ' You,; l:kn that I have promised to make you, my ; c/ile, and Islrall not forget that promise when the proper time comes, unless you, by your foolish impatience, ruin all, bringdisgrace upon I yourj'aiily, and lend yourself to an e.posure that will assuredly have to be regrettL'd. le reasonable and confide wholly in your de voted Adorer.'" It will be seen that I pieced out the sense of the frlagment, (in italics) by means of the letter itself. The horror of Gilbort Stone as I did so was intense, and was only ex cceded when, in a i :v stern words I told him ho;e it had come int mi possession. At that narrative, all his manliness left him; he fell at my fet, anl abj-ectly implored my pity, my compassion. I reminded him that a:s yet, I only suspected him of some 1 flnuce ,ark enough to arouse the spirits , of so-me tlther :,rl.' to rise up to avenge it. "Yes," ho, exclaimed with a shudder, "it Y W IS .lo\?-n-' ' ".g:les Rathgrave!" I cried in amaze m11enit. " It was to her that this letter was ad-.' dresse.." C I was bewildered, confounded, and I said C so. " You shall know all," he said " but my lips and throat are burning. I must have n water." He scramliled to his feet, and going to s the carafon, pouired a large draught of I water into a tumbler, and gulped it down l( eagerly. T'h:. he entered on a deliberate confes- n sion, which rev\eale all. lie admitted that cl it was he who had first made advances to a :L,;':os Rathlraveo. but in my name, simply fi us'11 as the ;first which occeum,'ed to him with T which to screen his own. In that name he ti hal prnnmi:el her marriage ; and two nights if be'iore she had come to his chambers in mad w :l",spcration, bringing with h r his letter, 0: a:n tl.hr'.at:ming' exposure unless he kept w his p',oIise. HIer words were exa'sperating, n: his tempelr- short and he rushed o1n her and I tried to tear the letter from her hand. Part w he seurmed, but in the struggle she fell ?t backwardl, b:,aring with her the small por- i n, tionh by which she held. The fall was fatal. in To his horror, the woman lay dead at his q' feet. in "r 'I so' hiir now." he cried, putting his to- hands u,,ire his eyes, " lying there stiff in her silk dress, and with the short black ld veil half hiding her dc.d i'al -'ro'o my t e view. at lie added t': : li t ody 4l . df the night. thwi I) , .. hat L h the' re i ei o n .0:: ch !ti,.. a, e ,,urt to whlitih his key would .,i. . ad i,,, iuision. To those chambers hlie c the ,s body through the darkness, and there ii re Ad mai:ed. nil This statement fully accounted for the a state of trepidation in which he met me on ir his stairsin the morning, and the.readiness on with which he undertook to clear up the ?I R.athlgrav, mystery, about which he knew c, too much already. His subsequent letter to t-_ me was,. of course, a lie, he had, not seen (f' Mrs. Rathgraae at all, having had only I too strong reassns for keeping out of her to way. l- " But I hall manang'd it all so cleverly," i, he added, t:. 1t I might have got off unsus at pected if thl, poor dead wretch hadl only been r- laid at rest in a Christian grave. But she 11, has appeared to you; she may appear to r; other people, and it is useless to fight the a dead." p He started up and pressed both hands over ic his heart. 1 The colour had gone from his face while he spoke, and I now saw it was distortedand convulsed. o " You are ill !" I exclaimed. " Let me \- ring--" f " Too late, my boy, too late,"he said ,v faintly. " It is tea minutes since I drank a the wa;Lter-" ( " We'll?" " It was poisoned." He dropped forward on his face, and be ' fore assistance could come todlim, breathed' e his last. And thus the spirit of the murdered vic- I e tim of his heartless crueltyand treachery was 1 t avenged. 