EXPERIENCES OF A COLLECTOR. Somo years ago I was rather a well-to-do and promising young man ; my prospects wore hopeful, and I stood well in the bank parlor — my unclo was a director. In fact I was thinking of getting married and going in for churchwarden, when, in an evil hour, I was persuaded to do tlio slightest possible touch in one of tlio very best quartz reefs ever known in tho world — bar none. I did touch, and tho effects of that slightest pos sible touch still make my blood curdlo in my Iveins, and the bare mention of a reef tingles my every musclo susceptive of sensi bility. I have suffered from lumbago ever since ; I got tho quiuzy shortly afterwards ; my constitution became debilitated ; my business fell off ; my uncle, the director, tumbled down a shaft at Ballarat ; my bank ing account became small by degrees and beautifully less ; I failed to persuade the manager to allow me an overdraft, and I never got married. I speak of ten years ago, and, my word, my condition was bad, aud my lot has been a hard one from that timo to this. I have tried every mortal tiling that a religiously brought up young man eould do in the recuperative line, but it was no go ; niy lines liad fallen in very unpleasant places, aud I eventually betook myself to the banks of the Yarra, where I walked every day for hours, between Prince's-bi idgo and " the hend," looking resignedly au the sedative circlings of that majestic and odori ferous estuary, aud thinking to myself — how is this thus ? Tiring of that fruitless and monotonous contemplation, I thought of trying for a Go- vernment billet, knowing bow easily some fellows have got them without any qualifica tions whatever ; and without more ado, I ut once besieged every Aliiiister aud every member of Parliament that I could get near, until at last I became a perfect ghost to them all, more particularly to those honorable members who had been friends of " mino uncle" before ho tumbled down the shaft. I answered every advertisement which ap peared in the newspapers for every conceiv able position, and I was once very nearly getting to be a traveller for a softgoods-man iu Flinders-lane. I tried for the secretary ship of a hospital, for a wardorsliip in a lunatic asylum, an inspectorship in the Education department, inspector of scab, lay reader, total abstinence lecturer, brewer's traveller, private inquiry agent, and, as I said before, for every conceivable position. I had no doubt whatever as to my ability to do anything or everything as well as, if not better than, anybody else ; aud after getting nearly cranky over it I hap pened one day to obtain an engagement as bookkeeper to a small tradesman after hours, and collector of small accounts during the day-time, which just turns me in broad without butter. I am always thankful for small mercies, and it is in order to give you a slight sketcli of my experience in this par ticularly attractive aud highly respectable walk of lifo that I indulge in what I hope you will permit me to deem a pardonable digression. The accounts which I had to collect wero chiefly small ones, aud my commission with out salary was very small indeed. I often had to whistle for my mid-day meal, and was continually wearing the boots off my feet. Sometimes I had a five-pounder to get, but much more frequently shillings re presented the value of the integer. In some cases I got hard words, as experienced duns can testify ; sometimes I got promises ; numerous invitations to call again, of which I always availed myself ; sometimes a shuffle — I could see it as plain as a pikestaff ; now aud again a double sliufile with sauce ; now, a total repudiation, and occasionally a confabulation with a silvery-tongued hypo crite who always wants "a little timo to look over the account." Another would certainly leave tho amount with "his clerk," some poor lialf-clad unfortunate devil like myself — an attenuated specimen of the Now- mau Noggs stamp, who helped his employer to do nothing and got nothing for his pains ; while at other times I met with some mnt- ter-of-fact plain unpretending men who paid like men, and Iwas pleased. I had occasion once to call on a worthy man of means for "a small cheque." I was polite, a3 it is tho bouuden duty of all collectors of money to be, and with bated breath approached tho gentleman of means' aforesaid. Called for Mr. So- and-So's little account, if you please. — What for 1 How much ? — Only two pounds, if you please. "I never ordered the goods," said he. " Oh dear," said I, "that's awkward. I am my self aware that thoy were supplied, and they must have been ordered by somebody." " I know that," said lie, "and tliey were re tained -when delivered ; hut show me tho man who ordered them and I'll pay at once." I was dumbfounded for a moment, but, summoning up my usual courage, asked, " Will you pay, or will you not, that is tho question'/" He replied, "No, I'll seo Mr. So-and-so — first." In reply to polite inquiries on my part for small amounts generally, I have been sent to all sorts of places, from Jericho to Hades, hut I never went. The sanctimonious quibblor is tho article that takes my fancy. One of these gentlemen, upon whom I waited patiently some five and twenty times, with a positive promise for each occasion, told me last wee!:, when I just caught him at his " office" door stiaking up the usual ticket dodge, " back in five minutes," that I was a most terrible dun, and he knew them all. " Caught you to-day, Air. ," says I. "Yes," says he, "but I've filed." ' ' What do yon mean ?" said I. " AVhy, I've filed my schedule ; didn't you see it ? lia- ..bilities, £2000 ; assets, £5. Very bad luck lately." " I know one tiling," snid I, "you've filed me, and that's what I've got for my forbearance. I thought you were a gentleman, and a .man of your word." "Nevali more mistaken in your life, my dear fellow," he replied ; "good day." Hooked a dagger at him, aud turned my face towards another quarter — Fitzroy, where I had to dun the queerest specimen I ever met with in the whole course of my life. This gentleman had promised to pay his account— only four pounds — and appointed times and places innumerable to hand mc over the money, but he was never forth coming with the sugar. I firmly believe that he expected to get it somewhere or other from day to day, aud I as firmly believe that he liad not tho remotest possible grounds for the expectation. lie was a man after Micawber's own heart, always wait ing for something to turn up, so I turned up as regularly as the sun every morning, aud sometimes in the evening. Ouo morning he said that he was certain to he "right" that afternoon at five o'clock if I would call. "AU right," said I, "I'm there." I was there liko a bird at five o'clock, and re mained tiU six, but neither debtor nor money put in an appearance. I remarked to his landlady that it was peculiarly distressing and highly inconvenient to be made a fool of in that way so often. She agreed with mo in opinion, thought that my friend was a little on the spree, and feared he would not be home tUl morning. I was afraid so too, as I inciden tally learned that he had just received his monthly screw and was partial to a periodi cal burst. I was sorely disappointed, and Eroceedcd on my way lamenting. I went ack again at eight o clock. No go. I re turned at half- past eight next morning de termined to catch him before he went out. On inquiry, I was informed that lie had re mained out very late indeed, a most unusual thing for him, and had just got into bed. I asked if I could see him for one minute, which, alter some hesitation, I was permitted to do. He was in bed, and had a table placed alongside liim covered with wonder ful books in all languages, alive and dead. He was connected with tho university in somo sort of way. Whenever I met him lie always came up smiling liko a fighting man after getting " a counter." After bidding liim good morning, and while he was collecting himself to tell another of his crammers, I looked into a few of the learned books aforesaid, just proinis- cus-like. There werelleiodotus, and Tbucy- dides, aud Plato, Sophocles, Euripides, Virgil, and Horace; Logic, or tho Science of Inference; ICant's Critique of Pure Reason, Gibbon, Addison, Defoe, Eusebius, Socrates, Pliilo-Judieus, Voltaire, Rabelais, Alontaigne, and the Decameron. Such a collection of what a man like me may call very heavy literature indeed, all scattered over this wonderful table, may bo imagined, but that's all: and in a few minutes my studious friend told his fib, blurted out an apology for hairing so often disappointed me, hut he would, positively, at oucu get up, go into town for money, and pay mo that even ing at five. I took his word once more, though I should rather have had his money. Was at his placo at five o'clock, ivlicro I waited till soven. Was again disappointed, aud I went away that night threatening all the pains ami penalties pertaining to tho district or any other court. When I went to bed that night I dreamt that I was dodging my friend round all sorts of corners and righta-of-ivay in Fitzroy, and chasing him over and about Collingwood fiat, in which salubrious and classical locality, after hours of dodging, I caught up with him, walking arm aud arm between Demosthenes on one side and Mr. Vale, AI.P., on tho other. . Of course the shock disturbed my slumbering imaginings and awoke me. I could sleep no more for that night, so I got out of bud, filled my pipe, and suffered excruciating agony till daylight reading tho latest news in tho moneyed oracle. The first tiling next morning I .was down on my friend again, at ninu o'clock tif tlie minute, and, as Tuck would have it, I saw liim slipping into his quarters by the back gate. I followed and overtook him, but neither of his two companions in the dream was present. I complained bitterly of his conduct, upon which he once again made a special appointment to pay mc at seven 0 clock that same evening. I was punctual, but not so iny friend. 1 waited for half an lionr. No sign ; and I then left to take a walk in the direction of that picturesque suburb abutting on the Reilly-strcet drain, which the lion, member for tlmt district has so frequently under his consideration. 1 returned in a short time, and finding the gentleman I wanted still absent, I pulled out a slip of paper and a pencil, and wrote to him what 1 considered to be a masterpiece of dignified invective, intimating that 1 should haunt liim again at ninu o'clock next morning. I ivas there at nine sharp ; so was he, and I received from his own hand, smiling as before mentioned, not tbe money which he had so frequently pro mised to pay, but a note in pencil. When I looked at the .slip I asked, "Is there no money ?" " Not a stiver to-day," was the replv, tho terrible man smiling as before. "ltrs too bad, really too bad," Baid I. "I know it," said he. " You needn't read that note, as you are here. Tear it up." "No," said I, "I'll read it when I get home." I was outrageously angry at tho comical way the follow smiled upon me. " Well," said be, "tell me where yon live, and I'll cnll on you some even ing — perhaps in a day or two." " Not if I know it," said I. I left him; but when I road tbe note on the slip of paper, in pencil, at my breakfast that morning, I laughed, aud unreservedly for gave the horrible deceiver for all the cruel disappointments be liad for a paltry four pounds inflicted upon me. I forgave liim, and what's more, I immediately sent the original document to a picture shop to have it framed aud gilt. Litem scripta munet. Here it is : — To Air..' — : , Ah. So-and-So's Collector. Thursday Alorniug, 12th Juno, 1873. Dear Sir, — I am sorry that you havo had occa sion to call as you say some seventeen times ; but as you aro no doubt aware your visits were not caused by my pressing invitation. Your socioty under other circumstances would I am certain bo |higlily agreeable. Tho sniallness of the amount should perhaps, in your opinion, facili tate its discharge. I trust your experience in life lias not rendered you familiar with the similo of the mosquito in such cnscs. When 1 get tlie amount you shall undoubtedly liavo it. Saturday would be the most likely, in the even ing ; if before tlicn it shall be placed iu safe cus tody lor your sake. I i egret . tlie prevailing jio- vorty of the times, but cannot affect tho money market. — Yours, See., I havo only a word or two to say in re ference to the above. The incidents re lated are literally true. The note is copied verbatim ; tho parties concerned are of course nameless. 