THE VITAL FORCE.—A SERMON BY C. H. SPURGEON. Now, the just shall live by faith.—Hebrews x. 38. SEE here the germ of the Christian's life! See, too, how it blooms, blossoms, and bears! But observe, it is not said the just shall live for his fsith, or because of the merit of his believing in God. This were to place the Christian virtu ally under the old covenant of law. To con found faith with works, would be indeed to brine ut back to tho old bondage of the first dispensation. Tt is no more true thst the righteous man is saved because of the excel lency of his fsith than that any man can be saved because of the excellency of his works. Neither doth it ray in the text tbat the just shall live upon his faith. Faith would make poor food for his soul. Small consolation may c man fetch from bis faith itself. It was ssid of Esau, "By thy sword shalt thou live;" and every one know* that tbe intention of that sen tence wss—" By that which thy sword shall capture and subdue." He oould not feed on the sword itself; that was mere hard, barren steel. So faith in itself could not feed a souL It is that which faith brings; that which faith takerh of the thing* of God, and maketh tbe soul's own. I know it is very easy for us to de* generate into a congratulation of ourselves be cause of aome quality of our faith. We may as easily make an Anti-christ of our faith as of anything else, but this will never do. The be- Uever never stays upon his fsith; it is in the object of his faiCV that he finds' rest. It is not the telescope which delights me, but the star which I see through it. It is not the mere hand of faith which feeds me, but the heavenly bread which faith's hand uplifts and brings spiritually to my mouth. ■ The text doth aay this, however: That the just shall live by his faith ; and it seems to me tbat, without any straining of the text, we might find in it, first, a doctrine; secondly, a promise ; and thirdly, an indication of practice— l might almost have said a precept. I. Fir*t, then, we descry here A DOCTBnrs. " The just shall live by faith;" and that doc trine may be drawn out into distinct branches. Doth not the text plainly teach us tbat faith is the continued act of the Christian ? Some people seem to imagine thst there is a kind of finality in each stage of religious experi ence, as though we are to repent in the fint dawn of onr spiritual life, but afterwards we may leave of repenting, and account henceforth that this bitter cup of gall is emptied, no more to sting the conscience with remorse, or move the heart to godly sorrow; whereas, I suppose, we shaU pass through the pearly gates brushing away the last tear of repentance, always tUI then having need to mourn past sins and grieve for present frailities in penitential showen of grief. So it seems to have been the fanoy of otben, that we are to stand as sinnen once for all at the foot of the cross, look to Jesus, and be lightened ; but after that, we are to press to something higher—something yet beyond, a re pose calm and undisturbed, free from rough winds and rude alarms. Beloved, surely such people do not know what the Christian's inner life is. Depend upon it, that as muoh at the but as at the first " The just shell Uve by frith." He that ia ripest and nearest heaven has no more ground of confidence than be who but five minutes ago, like the dying thief, re ceived the assurance of his pardon. The ground of the sinner's acceptance in the fint moment of his faith is the finished work of Christ, and, after fifty years of earnest service, that must atill be the sole cause of hia acceptance with God, and tho only rock upon which his soul must dare ts build. The act of simple faith, looking out of self, and looking alone to Christ, is a thing for your penitent publican when fint * he smitheth on his breast; bnt it is also for jour dying David, when he knows that the cove- is ordered in all things and sure. Thus BP -it becometh the maturest saint, with his jßatut breath, to express his confidence in the God l that pardoneth sin, through the application of \ j the precious blood. Never imagine that the publican is to ripen into a Pharisee. Yet such would be our course, were we to get off the rock of Christ's finished work, and rely with a foolish dependence npon our own graces and onr attainments. Faith in Jesus Christ for salvation, then, is the continual act of the be liever's life. Just as long as be lives here below, if be doth Uve to God st all, he lives by faith. We may further learn from hence tbat faith is a great practical virtue. The text does not say that the just man shaU study the doctrine of faith in his retirement, and be able to frame a correct definition of what faith is. It is true that the jnst man should be meditative, con templative, studious, a man well instructed in the history of revelation and the mystery of the kingdom of God; bnt that is not what the text saith. It doth not say that the just man shsll converse about faith, and make the objeot of faith the constant theme of his diaoourse. It wiU be so : what is in the heart wUI be sure to come out. in the tongue. But tbat is not the truth taught here. In plain English, it is this —ths righteous man will carry his faith into his ordinary life. He will live by fsith. All tbe actions of his life, suoh as hare in them any de gree of moral or spiritual aspect—ell of these shall be conspicuously ruled by his confidence in God? and even the lowliest and commonest affairs in which he takes a part shaU be sub dued and elevated by the dignity of his trust and the fidelity of his adherence. He shall live by faith. Not alone in the study and in the closet, not alone in the assembly of tbe saints and at the table of fellowship, but in tbe mar ket and on tbe exchange, in the shop and the counting-house, in the parlor or the drawing room, at the plough-tail or at the carpenter's bench, ia tbe senate-house or at the judgment* haU ; the just man, wherever bis life is oast, shall carry his fsith with him; nay, his faith shaU be in him as part of his life; he shall live there by faith. To advance a little farther. Not only is faith the continuous aot of the Christian Ufe, interweaving itself into ell the various offices and exercises of tbe Christian's existence, but faith hath a great quickening power over all the faculties of the spiritual man. He Uves—how ? What is the grace which, as it were, magnatises bis entire system ? What is that sacred con ductor which brings down Ufe from Him in whom life is? What is that connecting link between the great I AM, the sole, essential, in dependent Life, and the life that comes into our dead spirit*, even the life divine?- The text tells us that faith is that great inter medium. This is the Prometheus that stole the heavenly flame, and brought it down to men made of clay, and made them 11t« the lives of the immortals. This it is that bring* immor tality to us through Jesus, who brought life and immortality to light. Whenever faith rules in a man it quickens all bis graces. The beUever is the man to love—to love his God, his neighbor, his enemy. The believer is the man to hope—to hope for deliverance out of present affliction; to hope for the eternal out going of the issues of oil this life's battle and strife. If there be any patience, if there be any forgiveness, if there be any generosity, if there be any loving kindness, if there be any zeal, if there be anything lovely and of good repute, aU these are quickened and brought out into their Ufe and force according to the Ufe and power and energy of the faith which a man pos sesses. So then, the just shall Uve by faith. Faith shall, under God, be a means of quicken ing to the soul, bringing the Holy Ghost's di vine flame to burn upon the altar of the heart. Turning this doctrine over in rather a dif ferent form, but stiU keeping to it, let me say that the believer lives only by faith. AU other kinds of living are to him spiritual death. Some, I know, try to live by experience. What they have felt to-day, what they did feel yester day—these are their sorry comforts. Such must be starved. At the best, what are our own experiences if we come to feed upon them ? And at the wont, do not those who Uve upon mere feeling, dwell in a aalt land that is not in habited? I am sure if I lived by feeling, I oould at one moment persuade myself that I was on the borders of heaven, and I could quite aa readUy, within an hour, be sure tbat 1 was in the very jaws of hell. Onr feelings are fickle aa the wind. He that Uveth by feeUng, is Very much like the mariner at sea when he mounts np to heaven and then comes down again into the deep; he has nothing at all stable to depend npon. We may say of the man who Uvea by feeling, " Unstable as water, thou shalt not ex cel." "Human experience," ssid a certain philosopher, " Uke the stern lights of a ship at sea, Uluminatos only the path which we have passed over." But he that beUeveth God, aud knoweth thst the Almighty God fainteth not, neither is weary, and tbat the ever-blessed God chsngeth not, neither doth He forsake His people, be it is who truly lives, snd he only lives in proportion as he believes. Tbe believer lives, I say, only by faith, for tbat which we have in present possession, my brethren, auch as this world's goods and creature comforts ministereth not to spiritual life. These things onght to be used by us unto God's glory, md tbey should exoite in us gratitude to Him who ghes us them to enjoy, but tbey are not our life. Yon can no more feed a soul with gold than you oould satisfy yonr natural hunger for food with the pebbles of the sea. Your soul's life dependeth not upon tbe multitude of things which yon may profess. StiU it is faith whiob, by laying hold upon the promises of God and the perron of Christ, alone gives life unto tbe soul of the just. The righteous live by faith ordinarily, as I have already said on this subject. Bnt let me just ?ive a point of serious admonition to you. I believe that we fail to bring little troubles to God, and perhaps on account of their being so little we fancy that we must not mention them | to the Most High. This is but the frnit of our pride, for how know wo that our great thing* are so great as w* think them to be ? and are not our little things, after all, but the fractions of a considerable sum to such little creatures ss ourselves ? These little, Uttle, little things are of momentous concern to such little on*s as we are; and the God that stoops to us at all hss already brought Himself down in condescen sion so low that we need not fesr thst we shall bring Him lower. Ho ; you may go to Him, if you like, about that lost key; or about that child's swelling finger; or about tbat word that irritated you just now. There is nothing little to a father in the thing that troubles bis little child; and your great God, having once con descended to observe and care, for you, number ing the very ham of your head, and not suffer ing a sparrow to fall to the ground without his purpose and decree, will not think that you in trude upon Him if you bring your daily troubles to Him. Let the righteous live by faith ordi narily in the common affairs of life. So, too, let me add, tbe righteous live by fsith extraordinarily. I mean that if they are cast upon troubles tbat are new to them, and even new to otben, they will live there by faith, for faith makes the believer Uke the fabled sala mander, that could Uve in the midst of fire. If tbe furnace be heated Uke Nebuchadneasar's, seven times hotter than it was wont to be heated*, faith gets seven times more power from God, snd laughs the heat of the flame to scorn. Should you be called to some great bodUy suf fering, should weakness long and dreary ensue, and your soul faint, yet underneath you are tbe everlasting arms ; and if yon are enabled to ex eroise faith upon Him who makes the beds of Hia people in their sickness, you shall find it blessed Uving, triumphant suffering. Should the just man be called to banishment, should he be msde to endure persecution, should he lie in prison and be caUed to die for his Lord and Master, in every place the just shsll live by faith. Though the edge of the sword threaten him with deatb, though tbe jaws of wild beasts were to tear bim to pieces, though he were to be cast into the fire, yet the life which faith gives is snob a life as to triumph over aU these. In ordinary and in extraordinary seasons, then, tbe Christian is still to wear bis shield npon his arm, and never cast away his confidence, whiob bath great recompense of reward. -The -fjhrtsttsn lives by faith essentially. Faith touches the very essence of his life. Some of the other graces are like limbs to the body, and he could Uve, though it were a sorry lie, without tbem. But faith Uves in the heart. It is the heart of tbe Christian's vital system. Take away the Christian's faith, and tbe -vitality of his religion has departed. Oh! msny wiU get to heaven whose patience was very maimed, and some whose eye of hope was very dim; and there be some saints, I doubt not, entering into life halt and maimed, destitute of bright graces whioh ought to have adorned them, but not a soul ever lived to God here or obtained admission into the everlasting kingdom without faith. This is the tine qud non. This must be possessed. Without this a man is an unbeliever, and his end is to be destroyed. So, beloved, to live by faith is the very essence of the Ohristain life. Because of its deep importance, we must watch with the greater care that we bave the faith of God's elect. To Uve by faith is to live gloriously and in the very highest degree, v Tbe just shaU Uve by faith." Oh, as yet we hardly know the meaning of this resplendent truth! There is a life, and a life, and a life, and another Ufe. Life spiritual ia aU the same as to its essence, but not as to its degree. There is the life of the soul tbat feebly hopes; it is like the life of the man just recovered from tbe deep; he breathes, and 'tis aU. There is the Ufe of the man who sometimes reads his calling and election, and knows them to be clear, but who at other times is dull of vision and foil of doubting. 'Tis the life of the siok man, who sometimes enjoys rest, opens the window and breathes the fresh sir, but anon is ready to faint and die. But there is a life beyond this, the life of the man who is strong in the Lord and the power of hia might, who staggers not at the promise through un belief; the Ufe of tbe msn wbo puts his foot upon temptation, and lays his hand on Chris* tian service; who, with a warm heart and loins girt about, casting aside every impediment, gives himself body and soul and spirit to his Master's glory. This is the life of the warrior ; comparable unto the first three in David's band, the Ufe of the man who will go down and take the lion by the beard in the pit in the tune of snow, or will lift up his spear against three thousand, whom he will slay at one time. Whence comes this highest life, life gigantic, like the life of the angels of God, like the life of Christ—nay, as the very life of God itself? Whence has this man this power chat he doth chase a thousand, and that he can put ten thousand to flight? What made this man so bold, so strong, so heavenly-minded, so living above the world ? It was his faith that did it for him, for the just shall live in the highest de gree of life, and they shall go on thus living until they come to the glory-life, till they come to the perfect life, the life of bliss, of which this present spiritual Ufe is bat the bud, and it shall all be through faith until they enter into the rest, and know even as they are known. Oh, for a stronger faith! I pant for it as one that panteth for life—nsore life. We prophecy in part, ye believe in purt. When shall that which is perfect come ? "I do believe! help thou my unbelief," is the last great utterance of the soul. Hi Now, secondly, the text appears to me, as I read it, to contain A PROMI3E. ** The just shall live by fiirh." My faith shsll ensure ary life. If Ido indeed believe in Jesus, and rest my soul humbly, but simply und con fidingly, upon the promise of God, a"j revealed to me in his dear Son, I shull not die, but live; and O brethren, this ij great joy, great joy in deed, to have a faith that wilt make us live; that will muke us iive while we die ; make us live when men soy thit we are dead; make us live when they have buried our bodies; —a faith tbat shall even secure that our bodies shall rise again; a faith that shall be to us a guarantee to-day that soul and body united shall Uve even amidst the blaze of God's glory. Oh, 'tis joy to have faith that makes you immortal! The faith of the just shall constrain them to live. They cannot die; they must not die. God himself shall as soon die as tbey shall. The just shall live by faith. This is not true of any other but those who have faith. Observe the self-righteous. Well they live after a sort, hut it is always a timorous I life, like the life of the hare that is watching ; for the baying of the dogs. They ure always I afraid; their conscience is fluttered and con* | fused with an indistinct sense that, after all, their righteousness wiU not suffice for the jus tice tsf Orod i and -at tasty when they get mto the swelUngs of Jordan, in most cases those who have rested upon sacraments, and care monies, and self-righteousness, bave found their props aU giving way, and their refuges of lies nil falling to the ground. They bave been daubed with nntempered mortar; they have heard the syren cry, "Peace, peace," where there is no peace, aad now, when they most want comfort, they find they cannot Uve by their self-righteousness. They have to die, and a dreadful death it is to the soul to die to a'l hope, to fall into the sepulchre of despair, and there to perish. No man lives by his self- righteousness. There are some who are not boasting of what they bave done, but whose confidence for time and eternity lies in the belief of what they can do. I do not know anything tbat is less comfortable than this paltry conceit, if looked at rightly. Some peraon who behaved much in human ability once called upon my distinguished pre decessor, Dr. GUI, and said to him, " Sir, I heard you preaching that men were unable to repent and believe, and do spiritual acts of themselves; I do not believe a word of it; I think you are mistaken." Dr. GUI very pro perly ssid, " Sir, do you beUeve tbat you can repent and believe without the Holy Spirit ?" 'Certainly, I believe I can." Said tbe doctor, "Have you believed and repented?" "No, I I have* not, sir." And then Dr. GUI said, " Sir, you are condemned already, and if you are not damned eternally, you are in imminent peril, beyond all otben; for on your own confession you are guilty, even if otben should not be equaUy eulpsble in this respect;" and he sent his friend away, I hope not quite so conceited of himself as be was when he entered the vestry. I do not see any comfort there can be in assum ing that men have a moral power, which they nevertheless have no disposition to exert. It seems to me that abUity in yourselves becomes a very solemn argument against any peace of conscience; it should rather make us bestir our selves than be used as a piUow for our beads. Mark you, I know there are thousands who think they wul be able to perform every i spiritual act necessary to salvation just when they ' are coming to die; and their reliance is tbat tbey bave within them the sacred talisman that shall bring tbem faith in their expiring mo ments. Is not tbat tbe secret belief of msny of you ? Ab, sin, in that day when you shall look for consolation and look in vain, when you shall even caU upon God, and discover to yonr horror that, having neglected Him long, your prayer oomes back without an answer, you shall find then that no man can Uve by bis self rigbteousness. But the poor heart tbat easteth itself upon the power, and merit, and grace, and promise of Christ, shall find in the darkest hour of life, when heart and flesh are failing, that Christ is able to help, that the promise stiU stands good, and that the eternal Father smiles serenely upon him. You know the story I have told you sometimes, of the good old soul whose minister called to see her when she was dying, and amongst other things be said to her,' "My sister, you are very weak; don't you feel yourself sinking ?" Bhe" looked at bim, and gave no answer, bnt aaid; " Did I understand you, minister ? Please tell me wbat you ssid; I hope you didn't say what I thought I heard ?" " Why," said he, " my dear sister, I said t > you, Don't you leel younelf sinking P" And then she said, " I did not think my minister would ever ask me such a question as that! SinkingP Did you ever know a sinner sink through a rock ? lam believing in Jesus Christ; if I were resting anywhere else I might sink, bnt as I am resting upon him, did you ever know a sinner sink through a rock P" Yes, and that is just the very point. It is so. God does in the very words of our text seem to assure us that if we believe, we bave got on a rock, that if we be- Ueve, we shell Uve. We sbsll Uve by onr faith under aU circumstances and difficulties. This shall be tbe living thing : When mortal strength shall droop aad an, And human vigor cease, then the soul, like the eagle, shall stretch its wings and mount higher, and higher, and higher, by the dint of its sacred immortality. •' Tbe just shall Uve by faith." We may expect between this place and heaven a fair share of trouble. If we write down for ourselves pleasant things, it may pro bably happen that we have written other than i tbe book of tbe divine purpose. Many trial* < will befall us between this and the fair haven; but there is no killing one >n them all, for the just shaU live through them all by his faith. We may also reckon upon many temptations. Satan, however old he may be, has not yet come to years of decay. Our old eril nature, too, though it may bave lost some of its strength, yet is capable of wonderfal outbursts of power, and the world outside of us ia foil of grief. We must expect to be tempted in many fresh ways between here and the celestial city; but there is no lulling temptation in tbem all, for the just shsll Uve by his faith. Empty thy quiver, O enemy of souls, but this divine shield shall catch eyery arrow and quench its fire, and blunt those points, and save and dehver us from them aIL _ Beloved friends, we bave to expect, in addi tion to onr trials and our temptations, thst which seems to me to be tbe heaviest ordeal of all—namely, the test ot long endurance. I look with admiration upon brethren who have re mained faithful to God for sixty or seventy yean. It seems to me tbat the length of the [ Christian's life is, in itself, oftentimes a very severe trial. A man might stand at the stake and burn for a few minutes, but it is banging up over a alow fire—wbo can bear that? To I do one brave and generous action, this seems j simple enough; but to stand on the watch tower day and night, always vigilant; watching lest the foe surprise us; watching lest our hearts betray us; watching unto prayer, that we may keep ourselves in the love of God-oh! this is a work, this is a labor which only grace can help ns to perform. Bnt here is the com fort. No length of days can exhaust the be liever's patience or peril his spiritual life, be cause the just shall Uve by faith. If he were here so long that, like Bowland Hill, he was in clined to send a message up to heaven, for fear they should forget " Old Rowly " down below, yet depend npon it he could not outlive the di* vine energy that vitalised his soul, or lose tbe spiritusl fervor of tbe just; stUl would faith preserve the sacred spark and fan it to a flame. This is a promise, then, and under shelter of this promise let us go forward. Ah! brethren, every now and then we come to a dead stand, we reach a new era in life, a new trial, the like of whioh we never knew be fore, confronted us. At snob times we almost wish we could go back, or turn to the right or to the left; but we are like Israel, there is but one wsy open, and that way is not at once apparent. It is only open to faith, but it is closed to sense. There is thst Red Sea. Ah! my God, what will become of me ? Oh, tbat Red Sea! Thou bast laid this trial upon me; thou hast forced me to bear this burden; thou hast called me to go through this suffering; I must pass through, but ob! I shall never be able to bear it; there will be an end of me now; how shaU I be bus* tamed ? Thus nnbeUef wiU talk, but faith re membera that tbe just shall still live by faith, and she saith within herself, "If my God com* mand mc to go on the sea, or under the sea, or through the sea, I know that He will give me the power to do what He bids, and He that puts the difficulty in my path wiU bear me through it towards the Canaan to whioh I press." Let us, then, pluck up courage ; let there be no standing still, no lingering with chill reluctance, no shivering on tbe brink with timorous fear. Your Captain waves his hand and bids yon advance. Go on, trembler, goon, I for there is goodness and there is mercy pre- j pored to go before you, and to follow after you ull the days of your life. Yea, even when you come, to the very brink of <'ejth, then, even i then, it will be a blessed thing to play the man j by futh; to gather up one's feet in the bed ; I to compose one's self to deliver tbe la*t testi- ' mony, and without »o much as a sisn of trepi dation or a thrill of fear, to pass the iron gate, - conscious that Jesus will come to meet and crown with glory the spirit that bath trusted in him. Thus much, I think, ia in the text clearly enough as a matter of promise. 111\. Now, lastly, the text seems to me to be a Kino or pbecept, and to contain much cf practical instruction. " The just shall live by faith." Very well, then, dear friends, is it not clear that as life ia the main thing for us to look to, nature itself having taught us by its instincts to guard with all care our hie, therefore our faith, upon which our life so evidently depends by virtue of our union to Christ, ought to be the object of our most sedulous care. Anything which oomes in the way of our fsith we should strive against, while the promotion of onr faith should be onr first endeavor. I believe, my dear brethren, that self- examination is a very great blessing, but I have known self-examination carried on in a most unbelieving, legal, and self-righteous manner; in fact I have so carried it on my self. Time was when I used to think a vast deal more of marks, and signs, and evidence*, for my own comfort, than I do now, for I find tbat I cannot be a match for the devil when I begin dealing in these things. lam obliged to go day by day with this cry— I the chief of sin-Mrs am, But Jesus died for me. While I can beUeve the promise of God, be cause it is His promise, and because He is my God, and while I can trust my Saviour because He is God, and therefore mighty to save, aU goes well with me; but Ido find, when I begin questioning myself about this and that per plexity, thus taking my eye oft* Christ, that every virtnre of my Ufe seems ooxing out at every pore. I think, brethren, thst any prac tice tbat detracts from faith is an evil praetioe, but especisUy that kind of self-examination which would take us away from tbe cross-foot, proceeds in a wrong direction. Do I want to know what is the condition of my evU nature ? I need not enquire; it is rottenness through and through. Do I want to know what is the quaUty of my new-born nature? I scarcely need enquire, for it is the seed of God, incor ruptible, and cannot sin. Tbe msin enquiry I ought at aU times to make is this: Am I hang ing on the cross alone, and depending on Jesus wholly? U so, there must be aprodneeof fruits unto righteousness, and I am not always the beat judge of those fruits for myself. Most probably the less fruit I bave, the more I shall think I have; and the morel am abounding in every good word and work, the higher will my stsndsrd of perfection be, and the less likely shsll I be to be satisfied with myself or my own attainments. I do verily believe that those who draw comfort from their own doings and feelings, are the very people that ought to have no comfort, while those Christians who abound most in holiness to tbe praise of God, are the very people who bemoan everything that comes from them elves, and turn away from them selves utterly, crying, " Christ is my salvation; I depend alone on Him." It would be as well if we were to give up sorting over good works and bad works, for they are so wonderfully much alike, that if we threw them all into the sea together, and just rested npon Christ Jesus alone, it would be a consummation of tbe moat desirable kind. Keep your faith right, then, brethren ; keep your faith right. It is by God's Holy Spirit keeping tist fsith strong and vigorous you live safe and secure. Rest assured yon will be more boly if you have more faith. You will have more confi dence, and be more courageous in yonr testi mony, if you have more faith in God. Every grace and every virtue will derive progress to wards strength and perfection from the pro gress and perfection of your faith; but if any thing shall make you doubt whether Christ can save you or not, the tendon Achilles is out, and you cannot run. 1 f anything make you mistrust the promise of God, who justifieth the ungodly, it bss taken away from you the very source from which your spiritual life ia to be refreshed. I hold it to be of the very fint importance that we never doubt the promise of God. What if we be unworthy ? Do we break our promises because the penons to whom they are made, turn ont to be unworthy P Are we mean enough to take such advantages ? Is not tbe word of a man, good or bad, aeoording to the character of him who utten it P And is it not so with God's word ? He is faithful and true, and therefore Hia word ia faithful and true, not because I am faithfol and true, but because He is such. "If we believe not, God abideth faithful;" it does not alter the promise; tbe promise still stands in all its integrity. Brethren, we onght to pray more for fsith. "Lord inorease onr frith," ought to be our dairy, our hourly prayer. We ought to think mom of those truths which are tbe pillars of faith, suoh as the covenant of grace, suoh as the fulness and freenes* of the mercy of God, such as the efficacy of the atone ment, the power of the resurrection, the preva lence of Jesus' plea. If we dwelt upon the pro mises more often, instead of looking at the pro vidence-, or consulting oar changeful feelings, our faith would grow stronger, and then the whole of our life would receive vigorous tone aid impulse. 1 do not know how to speak as I would de sire upon this point, but still let me press it upon every Christian here not to listen to that insinuation of the devil, that when he has sinned he ought then to give up the belief that be is a child of God. Oh! if the devil can persuade you to do that, then he has obtained an advan tage over you, but if you feel that you have been walking contrary to God of late, yet etill come to Jesus; east yourselves on Him. Do not let tbe advenary aay to you, " You must not come, because you have walked contrary to God." O poor baoksUder, although sin may hide God from thee, and take away thy co-» fortable sense of His love, yet if tbon believest in Him, His love is towards thee. He has not cast thee away ; thou shalt Uvs as long as there is faith in tbee; and if there be so Utile faith that we have to rake up the ashes, and have to go down on onr knees and blow that Uttle spark, yet the Lord knows how to fsn it, and to pnt tbe match to it, and to make a great blase very speedily; so that befora you hardly know it, you that were crawling along the road shall be like the chariots of Amminadib, flying along as on mighty wings. Never doubt God's power to lift you ont of the ditch into whioh yon have fallen. Still hold to it; " Though He sky me, yet wiU f trust in Him; though Ibe black with sin, and ashamed of myself, and dare not look up, bnt feel tbat I deserve to be east into the lowest hell," yet stiU do not doubt but thst the precious blood can wash you, and make you whiter than snow. Is there a grander verse in tbe whole Bible, is there anything ia the com pass of Scripture, thst ever glorified God more than tbat notable expression of David when he bad been sinning with Bathsbeba, and made himself as foul and ss filthy as the very swine of heU ? snd yet he cries: " Have mercy upon me, O God, sccording to thy loving kindness': aeoording unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions. Wash me throughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin." Ah! " Wash me," that is the j cry, "wash me, the most scarlet and the blackest of heU-deserving sinnen, do thou but wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow." j BeUeve in the omnipotent power of the atone ment. StiU believe thou, and hold fast to Christ. Cling to His skirts, and if He even seem to frown upon thee, hold to Him, like the woman whom He called a dog, and yet she aaid, " The dogs eat of the crumbs." Do not be lieve thst which thou thinkeat tbon dost hear Him say, for 'He cannot aay otherwise than this, that whosoever believeth ia Him is not oandemned; and be that believeth in Him, though he were dead yet shall he live. Out of thy very death believe Him; from thy very heU of sin believe Him. Wherever thou mayeat be, stiU believe Him. Never doubt Him, for the just shall live by faith. Oh! it is such a mercy that when we have nothing else to live by, we can, by God's grace, live by faith. When I cannot find anything in myself wherein I can find comfort, much less anything whereof I can glory, yet I do beUeve that Jesus died for me. Does not 11) is doctrine suit some poor trem bling sinner here? I wish that one here would say, " Why, if that be so, then I, too, would oome and believe in Je-'us." Ah! heart, thou hast been asking, " What shall I do to be I saved ?" This is the work of God, the God like work, the greircst of all doin«s, that ye be | Hove in Jesus Christ whom lie h»th sent. Close in with Christ, atid youshulllive; you ■ cannot die. Thrt eternal ae^ts of tho everlastiug ! promise covers the head of every soul that has learned to trust in Christ. May God bleu you with this faith, and with more of it. Amen. 