-,--,-.- _,, ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. I SABBATH EVENING LECTURE. The lecture which was given last night was founded on the words " Remember the Sabbath Day to \,«Z It holy Exodus xx 8. Mr. Scott began by saying that there was no greater blessing, when rightly used, than the Christian Sabbath. This was true whether looked at from a religious, or a moral if I physical point of view. Its authority has been denied and its necessity disputed, but every attempt to" abolish it has failed. Experience shows that it is better to add an hour to each day's work and have a whole Sabbath, than to deduct from each day's toil and continue in the same round of work during the whole seven days of the week. The French, at one dark period in their history, set aside the seventh and tried a tenth day of rest, but after twelve years' trial they were compelled to return to the day which had been divinely instituted, and which was coeval with the existence of our race. Experience declares that a Sabbath is required by a natural law, and were man nothing more than an animal, and were his existence to be confined to this world, it would be for his interest to " Remember the Sabbath Day." He went on to say that the precepts of the decalogue were uttered in man's hearing, in order that they might be kept. Yet some who assent to and stoutly contend for all this, make an exception in tho case of the fourth commandment. Strange to say, however it is the one of the whole ten which it is most difficult to treat in this exceptional way. The exceptional manner in which the precept is announced, shows that it is not now made known for the first time, and the reasoning by which a contrary opinion is maintained has always appeared to me to be possessed more of the quality of ingenuity than candour. The opening word '-Remember" does appear to me to point to an old commandment enforced anew under most solemn circumstances. Moses, indeed, at the very outset of the 2nd Chapter of Genesis says : - " God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it." Being thus instituted, we find incidental allusions and circumstances recorded which, but for its antecedent institution and continued obligation, could not have been mentioned, and would not have existed. On one memorable occasion we find Moses saying, "To-morrow is the rest of the holy Sabbath." This command however, has not yet been given, a fact which shows when the words " Remember the Sabbath day are uttered, they refer to an institution already existing and are not merely an emphatic way of declaring a' new fact. While in this way the antiquity of the Sabbath is conclusively established, the language also very plainly points out the still binding nature of the duty of Sabbath observance. The two main ideas enforced in the fourth commandment are the duty of resting from our ordinary secularavocationi and the duty of keeping the Sabbath day holy-of devoting it specially to those sacred duties, the due observance of which our holy religion may require at our hands. The preacher dwelt at some length on a consideration of the moral and intellectual advantages of attending to this duty, and said, let England and France, Scotland and Spain, Canada Upper and Canada Lower, the United States and Mexico, Ulster and Connaught, show how much intellectual character and national superiority Bro affected by the presence or absence of a well-kept Sabbath. The chief advantage of the Sabbath consisted in its affording the means of spiritual and religious good. Instances were freely adduced, and authorities quoted, to show that a healthy piety was allied to a reverent keeping of the day of rest. After alluding to various forms in which the duty on which he was insisting was neglected, he said, unless the right keeping of the Sabbath is regarded as a privilege, it will never be respected as a duty. He went on to say it will have been seen that we surround the Christian Sabbath with all the authority of the Sabbath of the decalogue, but not necessarily on that account with the dull and joylen accompaniments with which a mistaken zeal have at times encircled it. Hu who instituted it would have it look to men as the very brightest in the week, the central day around which all the rest should be grouped, and to which they should do homage. A day to be welcomed with a song of praise. A day of family fellowship and Christian communion. A div the sweet joys of which should bury the cares and anxieties of the past,. and recruit the toil-worn frame, and fit it for the new duties of the coming week. The transmutation from the seventh to the first day of the week was referred to as by no means antagonistic to the genius of the New Testament, it had numerous analogies in the relation of circum- cision to baptism, of the passover to the supper, the rule and service of the Synagogue to the order of the Christian Church. The change from the seventh to the first day of the week it was not difficult to account for. The authority of the Sabbath was not abrogated in the estimation of the early Christian!. But the work of the creation was now eclipsed by a greater in the resurrection of Christ. the spirit of the ancient requirement was still observed in the setting apart of one day in seven. But the grand event in the history of our race was Mr to be, not the creation of the world, but the resurrection of Christ. and we search in vain for an express command, yet the example of Christ and his apostles supplies the autho. city which the Church requires. As our Lord rose, he did he make his first memorable appearance to his disciples the first day of the week. On that day also the Holy Ghost descended on the Church. On that day John was in the spirit. He calls it emphatically that " Lord's Day." We find the primitive churches observe worship on that day, while the Lord's Supper and preaching are spoken of in connection with the first day of the week. We have many proofs also which south clearly to link the practice of the early Church with that of the apostles ( in suspending labour, and observing religious order , dances on the first day of the week. Within twenty i yours of St John's death also we find Pliny describing the Christians as meeting together on a Sabbath day, and singing hymns to Christ as a God; that day being no doubt the first day of the week. We hate most abundant evidence both in Scripture, as well as in contemporaneous and subsequent history, of a manifest change from the seventh to the first day of the week, for a patent reason. But a change of the day does not abolish the abiding obligation resting on God's people to keep a Sabbath. in the nature of things as a recent writer puts it, there cannot strictly speaking be in identical day for all the inhabitants of the earth, and the approximation to such identity is not comparable in consequence to the essential duty of dedicating to God one day insured. It was announced that the concluding lecture would be " On the design and efficacy of the Sacraments." 