©íje £2?*mes ¿Morirme $?eral& j FRIDAY, AUGUST 1, 1873. THE retirement of M. THIERS from the Pre- sidency of the Republic completes a longer I durations in personal control than we often I see in France, it terminated, as will all Governments, with demonstrations of enmity, and therefore assumed the charactei of a defeat. Such an irregular administration in England would neither condemn the Minister himself nor exclude him fiom the prospect of power The most eminent statesmen who have governed the affairs of England have bent to the storm and have lost for a time a control over a popular assembly. It is not therefore such a defeat as is ignominious when it is personally disgraceful. The bitterness, however, whick exists in France Hgainst M. THIERS is necessarily intense. He has been bound by his duty to become the organ of public vengeance, and he has had the admiration of all men desirous of tranquillity throughout Europe. But the large majority lose sight of the benefits conferred in the pro- cess adopted. Probably there has always been a great difference in the policy held by M THIERS and that desired by the greater part of his Conservative supporters. They were not much disturbed by the repeated statements of M. THIEE8 that he would be faithful to his engagements-that he would pre tcrve his word inviolable-parties in France having been so apt to make solemn promises and then to break them. All confidence therefore in the pledges of a public man are interpreted to be held only until he shall revoke his opinion. Thus they have felt no difficulty in declaring for a programme while they have intimated a belief that there was something better to be found, and leading to the inference that they would have no objection to find it. It is this which has destroyed public confidence in public life in France. It is taid the state of things is altered; the promise therefore is of no effect. When this systematic tergiversation becomes known to the country, it is not possible to place any faith in pledges. It may be said that these pledges have been often given with the perfect belief of all parties that they bave no validity in fa.ct. But it is indeed a sorrowful conclusion to adopt, lhat before the sound of a pledge has died away in the building it is forgotten as a reality. There are two men who have kept theil word-the very opposite of each other in their »j stem of thought and general inclinations.' One of these is Count CHAMBORD. He might have withheld promises which even looked like threats in the eyes of many of the people. He might have taken the programme offered to him and changed it as soon as convenient. He would have, found iu the Assemblies of France a vast number who would have made it their business to watch and calculate the moment when the dénouement would take place. Count CHAMBORD, therefore, " might have been ac ceptt d as the King without encumbering him- self with any Royal bargains, which are noto- riously insecure. But he preferred to surrender everything except his honour. M. THIERS was quite capable of out- manoeuvring any of those adversaries who voted on the famous night in May. He could have confounded those who united to cast him from power. This, however, would be contrary to his principles as a public man. ' He served his country by exposing his position as a politician to endless attacks. The attempt; to force him to co-operation with one party would have instantly arrayed against him the malig- nity of the other ; and he has saved the people of France from being the witnesses of his over- throw as a i evolutionary crime, in his new position he doubtless followed out his general system; it was to give his opinion on all sub- jects, according to facts, not to parties. He had «chieved-the greatest work ever accomplished by a financier ; and though he could not pos- sibly prevent the weight of enormous debt from being felt, he has broken by arrangements this ciushing force. Is is an instance of the ascendency of mind, and of the perfection of the mental powers by long experience. It has oiten appeared a wonder to some men that others could pass from differ- ent departments and duties, and rule with equal ease ia all. But ia reality it is a proof of the immense results that are possible after a long career of mental labour, which lasts longer commonly than the frail bodily organs through which it operates. We seem to gain a new insight into human capacity and the gradual sublimation of the intellect by incessant culture. M. THIERS at seventy-five was capable of meeting one of those tremendous crises which occur in France. The late PRESIDENT is said to have spoken with great bitterness during the protracted debate ; but it is only such men who can feel an ingratitude. He declared that he was not the agent of the Republicans-that he was not the servant of their theories-that he had not expressed any desire for their success, but to constitute a monarchy or a republic would inevitably lead to a revolution. To avoid a revolution was his particular business, and the conduct of some members of the Assembly had taken fiom him the means of success. The eager partisans of monarchy are apprehensive that if they strike a blow now it will only divide the air. The Republicans are deter- mined that the blow shall not be struck. Rome was saved once by a policy which was called Fabian. The illustrious chief who had to govern in dark times had a still more formidable task to restrain the impatience of his countrymen. He succeeded by wasting the Btrength of the enemy, and striking a blow when it could be effectual. This is the delay not of hindrance but of forethought and piudence. Persons who have no character delay only to enjoy the repose of the moment. FABIUS, however, was the Consul of Rome, and his name is given in the list of the Elysian fields as' the man who saved his country by inaction. M. THIERS, perhaps, has done so| too. GAMBETTA was called the Little Tribune, and in impatience provoked by his folly he was called by the President a furious madman. He, however, has shown much more prudence since the Royalists presented themselves in the front ; and there seems to be for a moment a pause. I The journals of France describe the 24th May as a date that will remain for ever in the memory of France. The hall of the Legis- lative Assembly was crowded, and the galleries were full of all the distinction of France, to thank the chief of the State who had deli- vered the territory from the foreigner, and saved his country from insurrection. Expectation was on tip- toe, and the President, M. THIERS, opened his speech with the follow- ing words;-" Jf anybody is culpable before the Chamber and before the country it is myself. Me, mc, adsum qui feci ! " This speech con- tinued lor seven hours with the usual inter- ruptions which in France are remarkable, and would be sufficient to hinder ordinary debates 1 in England. It was the last speech ia his official character delivered by the great states- man. The formal vote of thanks cleared the Government of M. THIERS ; but it was evident that the ancient union of many distinguished men of France was broken, and they would never be able to act again with the same Gi vemment. The brief notice in to.day's paper of the illnesB of Mr. GIADSTONE is a very painful confirmation of intimations heretofore given. It may be that rumour exaggerates the account ; but the same story is commonly told of those who have sustained his grand position. Fiist there is a breaking-down of robust health, then a struggle and a transient re- covery, and then the painful fact cannot be concealed that the country is in danger of loting its great Minister. ' ACCORDING to a clever political burlesque, the Piesident8 of the United States, on assuming ofhce, are presented by their Ministers with a pair of spectacles which lend peculiar colours to all objects seen through them. Thus, when it is desired they should see shame and con- fusion in the State affairs, the spectacles are screwed to shame and confusion ; and when they are to behold them glorified, the spectacles are screwed to glory. Surely there must be borrie such illusive machinery used in Victoria, the only difference being that the spectacles are worn by the greater part of the population and are set permanently at glory. What is it that Mr. LANGTON beholds when unfolding his Budget ? How glorious a vision of increasing wealth sheep and wool and mutton- increased, as he sa) s, in the two quinquennial periods from 18C2, to the extent of 50 per cent. But let the words and figures be quoted ;-" In the five j ears ending 1867 there were exported from this colony 203,427,000 lbs. weight of wool, and in the following five years ending 1872 309,548,000 lbs. In fact, in the two quinquen- nial periods our exports of wool have increased to the extent of 5e per cent.-to 300,000,000 lbe. instead of 200,000,000 lbs., and this enormous increase in the growth of wool t ccurred concurrently with an enormous increase in the value of wool." Oh, that the veracious TROLLOPE were here to characterise this statement ! For let it be observed the Treasurer does not take credit for the bigger export only, but the bigger growth. Victoria has by so much increased her produce-that is the plain and only inference. There would be nothing worthy of notice in this statement, which resembles very closely previous state- ments annually put forward and believed in at Melbourne, were it not that the Argus becomes suddenly non- acquiescent in the illusion, and reads the Treasurer a lesson from the "Statistical Register" of N.S.Wales. Perhaps it was thought that there was less likelihood of the figures passing unchallenged this year, because of the very obvious discrepancy between Mr. ARCHEB'S Live Stock Statistics and " the enormously increased growth of wool" represented by the Treasurer, and that it would be best to gain the merit due to a magnanimous discovery of I the mistake than to let it go for correction j elsewhere. An increase such as Mr. ARCHER notes in the sheep stock of the colony, namely, from seven millions in 1862 to ten millions in 1871, could not be made to agree with the increase in the growth of wool as seen through Mr. LANGTON'S glory-set glasses. The Argus consequently steps forward with the plain acknowledgment that " the increase in our shipments of wool has beea almost wholly caused by the large importations from Riverina, which do not appear in any of our official statistical returns." We are not left to sup- pose that the Journal has a better knowledge of facts pertaining to this department than the Treasurer himself, since, in allusion to some critical remarks applied to the wool figures aforementioned, it is said that Mr. LANGTON " ia blamed for having altogether ignored the fact" of the increase being due to the large im- portations from Riverina, not for having been ignorant of it. It makes, of course, very little difference to us how the statement is made, but we would rather see a Minister chargeable with ignorance of facts than with the perversion of them. In the year 1871 the amount of wool ex- ported from Victoria was 76,344,000 lbs. Of this 26,434,000 lbs. were from Riverina, and 7,500,000 lbs., according to Victorian statistics, from other sources. We thus perceive that the greater ¡part of the vaunted increase in the wool growth of Victoria was due to wool grown in New South Wales, and which passed through Victoria on its way to London. If the Victorian figures are to be trusted relating to wool from other sources, we find a residue of 42y500,O00 lbs., which, as the produce of 10,000,000 sheep, affords a result sufficiently satisfactory, without annexing the Riverina growth, to it. It assigns a little more than four pounds to each sheep, which is surely sufficient. As we get towards the close of the leader which the Argus devotes to this subject, we discern the the real object of that journal in troubling itself to correct the Treasurer's mis statement. It would, probably have been » Mowed to pass had ' it been merelTT matter of correction; but 'since it ¡n volves what is considered to be th strongest of all arguments in favour of the annexation of Riverina, it is Bejzei and applied with unmistakable avidity, if {T must be confessed that one-third the wodi shipped at Melbourne is not of Victoria growth now is the time to make the fact tell in anotW direction. If of the wool shipped at Melbourne so much is grown in a district adjoining thl Victorian boundary, that is a capital reason for securing it as Victorian territory. It is need less to point out that a continuous apphVa hon of such reasoning to similar cucum' stances would end in the extinguishment of the other colonies, and the writing of Victoria across the map of Australia. Such a result would much accord with the views entertained by the politicians of Victoria, and is probablv what they contemplate through the illusory spectacles referred to ; but the peculiar view» entertained by the four parties who co-occupv the land, and have a somewhat larger stake m it than Victoria, are likely to prevent it erer being realized. It is a pity that anything should interfere with so glorious a. prospect, but SO It IS» Our neighbours think that Riverina should be theirs, because some of the squatters live in Victoria; and the people generally draw the greater part of their supplies thence in return for produce. Having annexed the commerce, they think it only just to annex the land. But, according to the same reason- ing, the right may very soon pass from Victoria to South Australia y f°r whereas a ton of wool costs from Hay, on the Murrumbidgee, to Mel- bourne, £7 18s. per ton, it may be conveyed to Port Victor, a port in South Australia just be- yond the mouth of the Murray River, at a cost of £2 10s. a ton. It may be expected that some- thing will soon be done to save £5 8s. per ton. 'Ihe Bame interchange of traffic between 8outh Australia, therefore, which now exista between Riverina and Melbourne would constitute a valid reason for the annexation of Riverina br South Australia ! Or, supposing that the same result were obtained by tapping the Murray, «id leading the trade across by rail or canal to Adelaide, it would be all the same-the land should follow the commerce ? If New 8outh Wales applied this logic to Queensland, that colony would pretty soon be absorbed; or if the principle were recognised in Europe, a curious transformation of the map would uccur. , Now would it not be well to avoid anything like precipitancy in this matter ? Victoria u evidently desirous of pressing the affair to an immediate issue ; but before anything ii done it would be wise to see whether Victoiia will really retain the commerce with Riverina, or whether a successful attempt will not be made to divert it along the course of the Murray, Whilst the question is being settled, perhaps the formation of the railway to Yass in connection with the free ports of New South 'Wales may somewhat change the present aspect of affairs. SUPREME COT/BT.-In Equity.-Busrooss This Day,-Before his Honor tho Primary Judgo. At ii o'clock : Motions and petitions. THE TURF.-We have been requested to remind owners of horses that the first forfeits for tho A, J. Ó. Mares Produco of 1873, and tho St. Leger of 187-1, aro du« t i-day. MARINE AND FIRE ASSURANCE. - Mem Edward Chapman and Co., of this city, havo beni appointed agent« for the Adelaide Marino and Piro Aasur unco Company of South Australia, composed of a most respectable and wealthy proprietary, ana, wo boliovo, the oldest established company of tho kind there. NEWTOWN RAILWAY STATION.-Mr. S. C. Brown, M.L.A., the Mayor of Newtown, and another gentleman, had an interview with the Hon. the Minister lor Works, yesterday mornine;. Thoy drow tho attontion of the Minister to ¿ho vory defectivo character of the accommodation, at \ho station, and thoy asked lura to próvido a waiting-room, and a placo in which porson« attending funerals might stay until tho arrival of tho train. At present, a passenger tram arrived about tho samo tima as tho funeral train ; and thu mournors had now to deposit tho coffin on the platform, in tho midst of all tia persons who wore in waiting for tho passonger train-an arrangement which was noithor seemly nor convenient. Owing to tho very largo population in the vicinity of tho Newtown Station, there were a great many funorals from that locality. Tho deputation also urged that tho gate opposite the Station should bo opened, for the admiaaionof funerals, coming from tho Kingston sido of the lino. Mr. Sutherland promised to visit the Station premises, with a view to orrango for tho accommodation asked, which he admitted to bo reasonable and necessary. Thoro were other BtiitioEs on the lino, to which his attention hod boen drawn, which wero altogcthor unfit for hninan habitation, and it wns his intention to bring about a botter state of thing« whenever practicable. NEW SOUTH WALES AT THE INTERNATIOHAL, EximiiTioN.-It maybe remembered' that,uponthore- fusal of the Legislativo Assembly to voto tho amount placed on tho Estimâtes by tho Government as a contribution on behalf of this colony towards an Australian Annexe ta the Great Exhibition in London, a number of influential and public-spirited citizens formed themselves into a commission to pt euro tho representation of tho colony in London, and subeci ¡bed money und collected materials for the purpose. Wo leam that Sir Charles Cowper, tho Agent-Goneral for the Colony, has telegraphed to tho Hon. Henry Pata, Colonial Secretary, that all the exhibits have arrived in London. Thoy havo boen arranged ; and the appearance) of the products from Now South Wales is, m Sir Charlea Connor's judgment, quite equal to that of tho other colonies. The coal, tin, and wood havo in an cspeeial man- ner been admired by visitors. REVIVAL OF GOVERNMENT IMMIGEÍTIOK. We understand that tho Agont-Gonoral of tho colony ha» telegraphed to tho Colonial Secretary that ho has made all the preliminary arrangements throughout En{rland,lre lnnd, and Scotland for carrying out the immigration scheme ^of tho colony ; and wo bolievo that Sir Charles Cowper ia of "opinion that so far what has been don« has been attended with satisfactory results. CRICKET GBOTJND IN THE DOMAIN. - Th« trustees of tho cricket ground in the Domain have taken advantage of the winter season to offoot considerable im- provements to tho space placed at their disposal. The western slopo has been cut down ; and on the eastern »ide some hundreds of loads of street sweepings and other rubbish have been laid, BO as to raiso the ground m that direction. When the work is finished tho area available for practico and matches will bo about double the <"$*? space. Soniool it may porhaps bo hardly fit for wictoa by tho opening of tho season; but if during the next tw months we havo anything like a growing season, it ought to be pretty well covered with grass, and the roUerwM Eoon consolidate tho now ground. FORFEITED AURIFEROUS LEASES.-We pu^ in another column a notico from tho Government vastm, intimating tho forfeiture of sundry tooses of aunferouj tracts in tho Western districts, owing to the noo-com plianco of the Gold-field Regulations by the lessee«. One month, from the 25th July last, is allowed forboMeraM such leases to pay up their arrears. INQUEST AT PICTON.-Mr. J. M. Antill, coroner for the Picton district, held, on the 21st ultimo, an inquest at the residence of deceased, Charles Matthews, far- mer on the Jarvisfield Estate. Fred Matthews the second son of deceased, and one of the neighbours, gave evidence respecting tho cause of death, in consequence of which the jury returned a verdict "That Matthews died Picton on the 19th July, 1873, from the effects of injuries received from the falling of the limb of a tree upon his head on the 16th." FATAL ACCIDENTS,- The Hay corresponded of the Pastoral Times writes -.-Two fatal accidents within three days have, cast a gloom indeed in our midst. The first of these deplorable events occurred on Tuesday last, the unfortunate deceased being a young lad of nearly fifteen years of age, the son of Mr. A. Donohoe, butcher, of Hay. In driving some sheep out to the farm of his father, one of them became entangled between his horses legs, causing him to fall heavily with the unfortunate lad, who fell upon his head, and was picked up in an unconscious state from which he never recovered, but died early on Thursday morning. On Friday, whilst preparations for his funeral were being made, news arrived that sergeant Devionalf had been injured by a kick from a horse, and lay at Burrabogie, station, The accident occurred in attempting to the horse, which broke away from him, and kicked him as he got free, striking the sergeant in the groin. Any faint hopes that were held as to his recovery were dispelled by the news of his death at Burrabogie on Saturday night. For some time the horse has been known to be a dangerous brute, having maimed and nearly kilfed two men before. - ñ^AMis BY DBÓWNINO.-The City Coroner i..M m Mfluest yesterday, at tho Observer Tavorn, Goorgo Ä NnX respecting tho doath of a man, named Chark» ÎÎ n, Wa fe,Those body was found floating in Darling ttÏÏour on Wednesday morning Deceased was a native S Dundee, about 27 J ears of ago, anda tailor by trade Ho ". ,.mr,arricd He has been about fivo or nx years in tho * t .? «nd[lately «uno to Sj dney from Lambton Felix A tailor, ïtated that,3 «bout half-part 9 o'clock on S i/é muht the 22nd July, ho mot deceased at Cohen s, TÄ Margaret-strcet, deceased pulled a letter out of £!? mixet, and said that ho was going down to tho Now ..MII steamer to post it, and would bo back m about ton Ses deceased -«as quito sober at the time, and faired ' cheerful, they parted, and witness saw nothing «.if him The body tins found Hosting near to tho foot 3 Marearct street, on Wednesday morning, by n boatman, «»S Thomas Steele Iho body, when found, was in an St noBition, tho crown of tho head boing just visiblo Ewe thowatcr, it was about thirty or forty foot from tho ¡Xrf from which tho Newcastle boats start Mark «npnre draper, Btated that ho know the deceased , ho last .Hkim oh\o on Monday, July 27th, on that occasion ho ".T him on account for £43 8s ôd , which deceased was Sttdto him, Walker asked him to accept £20 6s , but ho rJlincd and at tho same timo told him ho would not pros« ima that he could poy tho account at any timo , docoascd mnàrtcd "life IB short, and many changos toko place," tint witness did not for a momont infer from that that do «sied contemplated suicide Dr Hamilton doposed to hannE examined tho body, and found a wound on tho right iliac fossa, about three-quarters of an inch m length, and npnetratinK some of tho lntogumonts-also a scalp wound of no importance, noither of them wore post-mortem inmncB iron' the stuto of tho bedy ho was unable to say nontnely from an external examination what was tho causo of death 1 tho appearances of tho body were mconaiBtont with the theory that death resulted from drowning Tho inquest stands «atouroed until 9 o'olock this morning. Tho coronirheld another inquest yostorday, at tho Clifton Arms, Waterloo, respecting tho death of a childnamod Hans Charles Compagnoni Deceased was about two years and a half old, and for some time pa-.t lias been staying with his grand- mother Mr Woods, of Redfern According to tho ovidonco of the'mother and giandmothor, it appoars that do ccascd after playing about in their prosonce, was suddenly miswd A tenrch was immediately instituted, when he was found, with his hoad downwards, in a r-ask of water which Blood near a verandah at tho back of thû homo' It would seem that tho littlo follow went to tho ossa lo wash n doll that ho had been playing with, for, on us being taken from tho water, tho toy foil out of ono of bishondB E\erv moans at hand were used to restore animation, but without avail Dr Hansard, having examined the brdy, gave it as his opinion that doath had resulted from sullociition by drowning, and a vordict to the eifcot that deceased had been accidentally drowned was returned b) thojur). THE HOUI<DS -It will be seen by an adver- tisement in anoflicr column that tho hounds aro to mcot at South Creek Itailwny Station, St Mary's, noxt Saturday, lo hunt a deer SALE or PBDIGREE STOCK-Messrs. Harrison, Jone«, und Dollin report having sold tho Dovon cow Devonia, uv Duko of Argyle, to Mr Frank Roynolda, of Tocal, for the sum of 300 guinoas CIHNABAR - Some interesting specimens of annular, from \nrious localities in Queensland, may bo inspected for a fow days at the offices of Messrs Eldred ona Spence, Mnrgnrct-strect. AN Hot* EST ACT. - Yesterday, Mrs. Carter, a lady residing nt tho North Slioro, took passage by an onimlras from DUM es Point to the Hallway Station Shortly after leaving the omnibus, she missed her purso, containing £6, and sho at onco went back to Dawes Point, and on lnqnir) nt tho stand, sho found that her monoy was safoly deposited in the hands of Mr. Egorf on, tho proprietor of tho Harbour "View Inn, having beon handed over b\ tho dnver, nnmed Michael Hart, No. 149, who rofused any recompenso whatever CIVIL SERVICE CO OPERATIVE SOCIETY.-The half-yearly general meeting of tho above sooioty was hold last night at the Church Society's Houso, Phillip- strcot, Mr W Wilkins in tho chair A special gcnoral mooting of tho shareholders was held lmlf-an-hour carhor for tho election of three directors, and the consideration of oltora ilons and additions m tho rules Tho chairman then ex- plained that tho directors i»ho had rosignod woro Messrs Hale, Hemming, and Eccles Tho retirement of tho two former gentlemen hnd been followed by tho nomination of Messrs Jackson and Allpass, but no candidate had como for- ma, to fill tho third vacancy Messrs Jack son and Allpass TOM oloctcd Certain alterations in tho rulos of tho socioty wcro proposed by Mr Du Faur, but as upon inquiry it was found that the requisito number of shareholders woro not present or ropresenfed, tho chairman declared that the moot- ing was not competent to deal with tho alterations proposod The meeting vas adjourned until that day four wooks Tho hnlf-ycarlv general meeting boing duly constituted, tho report of the directors was submitted, and after somo discussion adopted It proved lo bo of a satisfactory nature, shov. ing a balance to the credit of tho sooioty of £335 28 , out of which the director» recommended that a dividend lo declared at the rate of 10 per cent per annum to tho amount of £236 17s. Od. After somo discussion, m tho course of ninth \anous matters connected with the society woro \entilntcd and satisfactorily oxplained by tho chain»T, it was decided that out of tho balanco of tho surplus to tho credit of the shareholders, the auditors should ho lemuneratcd at tho rato paid for tho previous half-year, and that the remainder bo divided equally amongst tho directors Messrs. Goodchap and Fraser, the retiring dueclers, \\\ ero ro- elccted and Messrs. Itetmio and Ward wcio reappomtcd auditors. MURDEROUS ATTACK ON A CONSTABLE.-The Mac! nu Meran y (a Queensland journal) of the 19th instant gives the following particulars of an attempt on tho life of a policeman Ono of tho most determined and murdeious assaults wo ever heard of was mado on con- stable J Murphv, by a man named ThomaB Stovonson, on the night ol July 10, botweon 10 and 11 o'clock Stevenson was drunk in Sjdnoy- strcot, near M'Guiro's shop, and vas using insulting and abusivo languago to tho pasBors by Constable Murphv, who was on duty at tho time, carno up and ordered him to go away, and on his ref UBÏI took bim in charge Tho mun tripped the constable up, and (hoy both fell togothor on tho footpath Murphy immediately after called out " I am stabbed," and several men, who nore standing a short distance off, rushed up and soizod the mun uho vas striking tho constable-, and en- deavoured to take tho knife from him Two of thom got tc\cro cuts on tho hands boforo they succeeded in securing tho knife, Stevenson being very violent and striking and kicking in all direc- tions Ho was, however, secured and dragged towards the lookup, fho crowd »hiking and kicking him as ho wurt Moro they had gone many yards they mot Sergeant Doyle, trio had been sent for, and who took chargo of tho prisoner and locked him up m tho cells Constable Murphy, moan wbilo, was taken ncrosB to Mr Dali-ymplo's chemist shop, nnd Dr M'Burnoy. who was in immediate attendance, proceeded to examine Murphy, who was covered with blood from head to foot, there being also a largo pool of blood m tho street where ho was stabbed On stripping and examin- ing the unfortunate man ho was found to have received (bree severe wounds-one immediately under tho loft jaw, which only missed sovenng fho carotid artery by a hair s breadth, a second on the upper part of the lett arm, about two inches m length and fully half an inch deep, and a third, apparently a stab, about six inches below fho armpit lho bleeding was stoppod with Bomo difficulty and the -wounds bandaged by tho doctor Murphy at this time was very faint and weak from MCC881V0 loss of blood As soon as his outs were dressed a stretcher was procured, and ho was carried homo Shortly after ho had reached homo, and beon put to bed, ho disarraagcd the bandages on his throat, and tho bleeding commenced again with great violence, one of the walls of a bronth artery having given way, and had tho doctor not been within call ho would have bled to death in a few minutes The doctor and Mr Dal- rymple sat up with him all night, Captain Goodall was also m attendance in order to tako downhis deposition, but Murphy nas too excited whenovor ho was addressed to allow of this being dono with safoty About 7 o'clock the nest morning (the 11th), the bleeding recommenced, but was promptly stopped Tho pnsonor; who did not .how tho slightest sign of contrition when informed of tho probable fatal results of his attack, is a native of England, about fho feet flvo inches m height, and stout figure Tho weapon with which he commUtou tho offence is a common clasp knife, about four inches long, with two blades, a largo and a small one It was the largo blado, which has a strong sharp point, that ho used to such murdorous pur- pose The prisoner was brought up on the 11th, at the rolice Court, before the police magistrate The appre- hending constable having beon examined, tho prisoner was remanded till nutt day, when ho was again brought up Onei of the witnesses, James Macmillan, pro vod to taking the laiifo out of pnsoner a hand. Another witness, Honry Çoysh, proved that he received a cut from tho knife m trying to take it from tho pnsonor, who did not appear to bo luí tyT1 ^no prisoner was then remnndod ti'l tho "to, when further evidence was takon, including that of i, Ii,urno5ri who said that tho wounds on the constable's seek and sido were dangerous, and that tho patient was Etill m a precanous state MADAME GODDARD'S FAREWELL CONCERTS. her Sayí0víenÍDg ,MI>4UM Goddard gave tho second of K°! fareweU «»"»rta at thoTictoria Theatre. audier,n«^tVorLlaie(V fa8l"onable, and appreciative îSeSi^ P^ o' ¿e house being woU filfed. The Kations perlomicd by Madame Goddardweroa solo piano hSUSZ£*%**&!!*.O* Thalberg), and a grand luP' «?v^ù S"cottish airs-"Tho Blue Bells of Scot Char'li.?» 0vm Grovo>" and "Wha T"lna Mit for wa. r« .r." ? am?£c,d ty Thalberg. Tho talented artiste yu* las BUG invnvittWw io\ «n«4,..»..nl__,_..a_j . __.-, \- j.-D( """ ul wnion was a tantasia on the popular air of "Home, sweet home." Mrs. omytho, Miss Christian and Mr. Andrew Fairfax aasiatpd m o» -s.~_ . selections presented \- - ..__. songs, a duet (by «uYoATrt Daiiaa by TiGol)ne1' The vocal portions of ÄofL n^? Preceding, were all, excellent, quite JotMM»?Vc"unon- T110 very beautiful .song of " O Christian Vh?F ^i "í8"^ «xquUitely sung by Miss «SM L^nf^ °^,of aoNw South Wales Artillery, .MntÄ Tnt CttlIcn> Performed during tho evening ßn,eClÄn8rnd?Uler ^oico compositions. Whon I YoTJNß MAN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.-Th monthly breakfast meeting was held on Sunday morning. About forty sat down to breakfast. After breakfasting in the new dining reoms of tho Temperance Hall, the meeting adjourned upstairs. Prayer being offered by tho Rov. Vf. Ridley, the chairman, the Rov. G. C. Bodo, introduced tho subject for conversation, viz., "Tho Subbath," Mark 2nd, 27\. Tho rev. chairman, in (ho course of his romarks, poinlcd out tho erroneous views held by many upon this poition of Holy Writ; also many misinterpretations upon it ; urging nil present, whilst thor wore to guard against all superstitious notions, to abstain from all unnecessary work, and to avoid engaging in anything that necessitated othors towoik. Tho Rev. A. Lloyd, W. Ridloy, and D. Allon, Messrs. Pottio and Beaumont also addrosBed tho mooting. FATAL ACCIDENT AT WINDSOR.-Our corre- spondent reports that on Tuesday morning a molnnoholy and fatal accident bofol a fino young man, named Joseph Ross. Tho unfortunate deceased was ongagod painting the iron railings of Mr. Dick's balcony in Georgo-stroot, when ho fell from tho lnddor ho wus standing on on tho broad of his back on tho ground, rocoiving such sovoro injin ¡CB f hat. ho died in two hours and a half afterwards. It is supposed that ho had overreached himself with tho brush, causing the ladder to slido a little and thoreby lost his bulanco. Ross was and had been in the employ of Mr. Tout, painter, for four years and a half, and was a considerable help to his widowed mother. _ Ho was much respected by thoso who know him, and his sudden death bus caused a general feeling of sorrow. Ho would havo been 19 y em a old to- day, tho 30th July. An inquest was held on tho body yesterday aftornoon. COALS OF FIRE.-The Brisbane Courier of July 29th, has tho following paragraph in an article on tho postal service ;-Mr. Parkes has heaped coals of Aro upon our ciillouB indifference. Wo refuse to participate in the Trans-Pacific service-he replies by saying that, in spito of this, ho will take our lotters for not so much as wo now gi vo, and will deliver them in less timo. " Tho Government of New South Wales is anxious that no fcoling should grow up between theso Australian colonies inconsistent with tho community of interest which ought to bind them togothor, and it has decided to throw open tho Pacific Mail Servico to nil fho colonies «Uko, without roference to tho misunder- standings which luvs o takon placo, and without requiring a shilling in tho ithapo of subsidy from any of thom." Mr. Palmer niUBt bo quite ovorcomo by this generosity. Ho con scnrcely offer to do less in return, unless ho odors to mnko Sydney tho terminus of our own Torres Straits servico. That, howover, is an exeroiso of unselfish patriot- ism which wo feel that ho will not yet bo called upon to make. It is not demanded by that high sonso of tho community of Australian interests which has guided Mr. Parkes in the admirable decision which his Qovornmont havo arrivod at. WOMEN IMPRISONED I OR CALLING OUT TO NOJ, -UNION MEN-Sovernl women in Chipping Norton "chuficd" sonio Inbourors who wi.ro working tor a farmor that would not employ Union men, for this thoy woro summoned beforo tho Bench, and sentenced to a term of imprisonment Tho /Spectator thus commontu on tho sub- ject -"Tho women so unfairly and unwiselj committed to prison by tho Chipping Norton magistrates havo been released on tho expiration of their sontonco, and havo of courfO been recei\cd vit h eager popular demonstrations by the. agricultural labourers of thoir neighbourhood Indeed, two oi the women, who had babies at their breast, seom to baie been treated with needless rigour, and to havo boon refuted °tho proper food for their infants-and this hlatemont, whothor truo or falso, has moro than ovor made them into martyrs On tho other hand, tho friends of tho Chipping Norton magistrates havo put out it defence of their conduct, which comes to lory little, except that it lsnsscilcd that Mr Hambidgo, the employer of the non- union men who woro dissuaded by tho womon from going to vsoik, was a very good and popular omployw, that it vas a sinke for wages, and not a lock-out, which dopnved him of labourers, thathowis willing to ndvanco tho wages of the efficient labourers, thougli not of tho ínoffloiont onos and ihat tho women woro really armed with sticks, used them m a threatening manner, and cillcd ' Ba, bo. ' black sheep ! * after the non-unionmon For tho rost, oven if nil thcFO allegntionB ho strictly accurate,-which is much disputed on tho other sido,-Mr Hambidge s frionds do not maintain that the women actually did any violence to tho non Union men, and it i eumina just as plain as over that to ha\o discharged the women on their own recogni- zances would havo been tho proper and and »nly humane course Mr Hambidgo's friends aro [ov idently possessed vithn deep feoling of tho ingratitiido of tho stnko,-if strike it was,-and it does not occur to them that Mr Hambidgo probably owes rather moro gratttudo to those who havo worked for him so long, than thoy owo, howo^er kind ho may havo been, to Mr Hambidgo Iho gratitudo of society is always expected to havo an upward gayo, but an immenses balance of tho article is really duo in the othor direction " SUICIDE - The following particulars of the suicide of Dr Packard were supplied to a Bathurst paper by a correspondent -Dr Packard (at one time a resident of Bathurst) committed suicide on Friday night last, at his residence, Trunkey Creek, by cutting his throat. It appears that the doctor was usually very talkative, but lately he was frequently noticed to be silent and reserved. Early on the evening of the day above mentioned he sent for some brandy of which he freely partook, but, com- plaining that it was " no good," having then drank it all, he asked the person, in whose cottage he was living (Mr. Scroggins), to go for some rum. This request was refused and the doctor then went to a neighbour and borrowed half-a- crown, with which he purchased some rum himself. He brought the grog home, and shortly afterwards he asked for pen, ink, and paper. These articles were sup- plied to him by Mr Scroggins, who then retired to bed. Not long after this he heard the doctor go into his room , and in a few minutes afterwards Scroggins' attention was attracted by a strange noise proceeding from the un- fortunate gentlemans room, but just then he took no particular notico of the circumstance, thinking that the doctor was merely suffering from the effects of drink. He was, however, persuaded by his wife to get up and see what was the matter, which he did, and to his horror, upon entering the doctor's room, he saw blood flowing in largo quantities from the deceased's neck, the jugular vein having been severed. The floor was covered with blood; but the apartment was otherwise in perfect order, and even the clothes of the deceased had been carefully placed on the foot of the bed, and a lancet with which it is supposed the fatal wound was inflicted, was found lying on the table Previous to committing this rash act, the doctor wrote a letter to senior-constablo Brennan requesting that his re- mains should, if possible, be taken to Bathurst, but in this document no clue is found to the motive which induced the unhappy gentleman to take his life. A magisterial inquiry was held on the deceased's body on Saturday morning, when the decision arrived at was that he had committed suicido while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. We understand that the doctor's wife and children are in England, and that a short time back he contemplated visiting them. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT.-" Lucius, I'm going.to ask you a very sorious question. Do you bolievo in love at first sghtf A startling question, at any rate, for it brought tho hot crimson blood into tho surgeon's toil-worn face. Happily they were still sitting in tho firo-light, which just now waxed dim. " About BB much aa I beliovo in gliOBts or spirit-rapping," he answorcd, coldly. " Which meanB that you've never seen a ghost or had a mesfcogo from spirit- land," answered Geoffrey. " Six months ago I should havo called any one an ass who could love a woman of whom ho knew no moro than that her face was lovely and her voico divino. But as Bomobody-a baker's daughter wasn't "she f-observed, ' Wo know what we are, hut wo know not what we may bo.' " " You havo fallen in love, Geoff." " I havo no excuso for my mad- ness." " The lady, I suppose," said Lucius, duly in- terested. " The lady. I won't attempt to describe her ; for after all what can one say of tho loveliest woman except that sho has a straight nose, fine eyes, and delicate com- plexion ? And yet these constitute so small a part of her beauty, one may see them in tho street every day. This ono stood there like a statue in tho cold wintry light, and seemed to me tho most perfect being I had ever beheld. She appeared divinely unconscious of her beauty, as uncon- scious as Aphrodite must have been in that wild free world of newborn Greece, though all creation worshipped her. Lucius, I was such a demented ass at that moment, that if the restraints of civilization hadn't been un- commonly strong upon me, I should have blubbered like a schoolboy before a caning." Lucius smiled-the slow smile of worldly wisdom-and then breathed a faint regretful sigh for his friend's delusion. " My dear Geoff" ho said, " I daresay tho conclusion you tirrivo at is natural to the unsophisticated mind." ''That may bo so," returned tho other, unconvinced; " but there are instincts which cannot lie. My belief in Jane Bertram is fixed as tho sun in heaven." " Upon my honour, Geoffrey, I admire you," said tho surgeon. " I won't preach any moro. Granted that your passion ÍB foolish, at least it's thorough. I honour a man who can say to himself, 'That woman I will marry, andnoothor; that woman I will follow, through honour and dishonour, evil report and good report-'" " Btop," cried Geoffroy ; " let thero bo no mention of dishonour m tho same breath with her name. If I did not bolievo in her truth and purity, I would pluck this passion out of my breast. I love her, and I believo in her." " And if you ceased to beliovo in her, you would ceaso to love her?" "Yts," answered "Geoffroy Hossack, firmly. Ho had risen from his seat by tho hearth, and was pacing the dusky chamber, where the street lamps without and the red fire within made a curious half-light. Truly had his friend called him thorough. Intense, passionate, and impulsivo was this generous nature-a nature which had nevor been spoiled by that hard school in which all men must leam whose first necessity is to got their living, that dreary bread-winner's academical career to which God condemned Adam as the direst punishment of his disobedi- ence and deceit. " So longer shalt thou wander careless in these flowery vales and groves, where generous emotions and affectionate impulses and noble thoughts might bud and blossom in tho happy idlesse. For thee, sinner, the daily round of toil, tho constant hurry, the ever-goading pressure of sordid necessities, which shall make thee selfish and hard and remorseless, with no leisure in which to be kind to thy brother struggler, with hardly a pause In which to remember thy God ! -" Publicans and Sinners," ni the Sydney Mail. Mr. EDGAR LAYABB, ' the well-known naturalist, after acting for a short time as H.M. Consul at Para, in Brazil, ia about to proceed as British representative to the Fiji Islands. Before Mr. Layarcl took office at Para, he had been stationed in South Africa, where he had rendered excellent service to local science, in connection with the South African Museum, 