S l B ^ f i M with ill*'that' ^enthusiasm which -belbngs to the Mslirace. .^aillira'ipj" ttie .^endlyj Societies; iind'er' the' 'tod the! Hibernian Australasian Catholic Society. The ^eatlier .'waf deliglitful, only a trifle too:hot, and; %iethousandswho congregated together appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly, vThe:members: of the St. Patrick's rSociety metiat .St. Patrick'^ Hall at ,10 o'clock, and thence proceeded to the vacant ground in . front of the Model . Schools, where they were joined lay the members of the other ; sdciety,. -whose Te)idezvous had been St. societies coalesced for this 'speciai occ'asion., The members having formed:-in .procession in front of the Model Schools, marched along the chief streets, accompanied' by several bands ;and .banners flying. The principal banner of each society was borne in-a'loriy drawn by four jxwerful horses, gaily decorated with ribbons. The route selectd -yvas along Bourke, Elizabeth, Collins, and Spring streets, and down the Richmondroad to the gardens. The procession attracted considerable attention, and was followed by crowds,- who -gazed with admiration on the spectacle. During the afternoon the attendance was not far short of 5)000 persons, who, notr withstanding the. intense heat, did hot fa.il to : enter heartily into the enjoyment of the day. Dancing was carried on vigorously, and personsof both sexes were to be seen enthusiastically. The sports provided were of the usual kind, and ..were Tip to the ordinary standard. The most amusing event was the walking the greasy pole on the lake. Of course all the competitors tumbled in, but a dip in such weather was rather enjoyable than otherwise. The Cab Horse .Race was the most exciting, especially for the unfortunate animals engaged in it: The following were the winners of the principal events -—Maiden Race, 200 yards, T. Enright, 1 ;.. A. Belles. 2. Saek Race, C. Ball, 1; J. Hegarty, 2, Hurdle Race. W. T. Pentecost, 1; T. Enright; 2. Greasy Pole. Wilson. Cab Horse Eace, Mickey Free, 1; -Paddy, 2. Mr, S. V. Winter-headed the procession in full uniform on horseback, \--...- ,TJIK BALI, AITD SUPPEp. A ball and supper- were given in the evening in St. Patrick's Hal], Rourke-street, in celebration of thes day. There were about 300 persons present. Daiicing' was commenced at eight o'clock, in the upper hall, : and lasted until halfpast tenj when there was ail interval for supper, , wMch'was laid in the lower kali. The room was tastefully decorated. "Mr.. Hood, thfe president of St, Patrick's Society', occupied the chair. . Sif Charles Gavan Huffy, M.L.A.j seated on his right, and Hon." M. O'Grady, M.L.A.,on his left. The usual 1 loyal toasts were proposed, and also the toast of " His Excellency the Acting-Governor.'" The. President proposed " The Parliament of Victoria." Mr. J. Curtain, M.L.A., responded, and said that the present -Parliament would have deserved the veneration of future ages but for one mistake —that of discarding Sir -Charles Gavan Duffy. {Applause.) The President proposed "--Over Native Land," coupling with it-also, " The Day we Celebrate." The Hon. M. O'Grady, M.L.A., on. rising to reply, was received i with .much applause. He said the meeting might well feel disappointed that the lot to reply-had not fallen to- Sir Charles Duffy, who had special claim to the toast, and made ail appropriate and humourous speech, . Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, in answer to repeated calls, also rose to reply, and was received with loud cheers. He said—Ladies and Gentlemen, I have travelled a long journey to-day luider a very tiMgenial sky, and I asked to be excused from speaking, but I confess when I heard the pleasant .Irish yoices I could not resist. It is forbidden to talk here on politics, but I venture to say that it is a pleasant memory to me that once a year, at this , end of Bdurkestreet, whatever mistakes they may make at the great House at the other end—(applause)—here I am quite certain of meeting Mends, who are not changed by any political circumstances, whose kindness "is still the same, whether we win or lose the game." (Hear, hear.) When I last met you here, twelve months ago, I was returning from a tour, in which the chief districts in this country had given such enthusiastic support to the administration with which I was connected, as seemed to promise it a long life. I meet you now, ladies and gentlemen, not merely fallen from power, but I am assured by certain well-informed journals that I am actually politically dead.and buried. (Laughter and cheers.) I can only say that if I be so, you have given my ghost such a very pleasant reception (laughter), that I have determined once a year, on the 17th March, near the dead hour of midnight, to "appear" in St. Patrick's Hall like Banquo in the middle of the festival. I recently read a very strange story in one of the same well-informed journals—information that, in point of fact, I was shortly going home to be Minister for Ireland. (Laughter.) T may say, by the way, that that is a strange mission to give a dead man. I am very sorry to inform you that I have not at present received any official intimation of the fact. (Renewed laughter.) But I may say this, that if it be intended that the Irish Minister shall be responsible to an Irish Parliament, I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. (Applause.) The latest news is that, like a young lady who has become a bride, I have been changing my name; and as this news, unlike the rest, is not a fiction, I owe it to friends whom I see here, to tell them something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me that the Secretary of State for the Colonies had instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of the Qrderof-St.Michael-and"Georgewould:beac ceptable to me? Let me,say with respect to Lord' Canterbury, that in all oiir political or social intefjCourWhe toeated me with a constant courte^frankneife, and* consideration,: for which- I must ^aiways.remain-his idebtor. But he had refused to dissolve Parliament when I considered I had a constitutional right to chum its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as soon as the papers - connected with that transaction-could iave been laid before the Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible,, and .even probable, that Lord Kimberley meant to intimate that 'he did not think I had received the support : I was': entitled to from the representative ofv the Crown on that occasion. <Hear, hear.) . Nevertheless, though 1 that -conviction was very gratifying to me, I respectfully declined the proffered honour. (A Voice: "'Quite right.") Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me the 1 favour to address another letter to me. asking ^whether I would accept knighthood ? Upon that question there was the veTy strongest feeling among two sections of my friends. My own countrymen were of opinion that .having been four times a Cabinet Minister, and having been ! among the first men. of my race, and creed who had won that distinction in any British community .since the Revolution, I was bound to accept this permanent testimony that I had performed the duties I undertook with integrity and discretion. And some English and Scotch friends; towhom I owed constant and stedfast support m public life, urged that if I declined it, the very, persons who were bursting with spite and disappointment that the honour had been proffered me, would' misrepresent my Tefusal, and use it to provoke, and if possible to alienate, my English and Scottish friends. I accepted, and I have since received letters of congratulation from every section of this community ; and I am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction at the congratulations of representative men among the Protestant democracy, who gave me such generous support when I was last in office, or the congratulations of Irishmen who would have renounced and repudiated me if I had accepted any distinction on the terms of forgetting , my allegiance to my native country. (Hear, hear.) I may remind you that when the present 111-. Justice Fellows levelled a vote of want of confidence against the Government, I told him that I would not desert the fortunes .of -my native Country for anything that Parliament or the sovereign could bestow. (Applause.) And now there has been enough of personal themes. I will only add that though I was recruiting my liealth.far away from the capital, and little disposed to quit the seaside till I left it in restored vigour, I could not resist the wishes of the committee of the St. Patrick's Society that I should come here tonight. They insisted that the exertion would do me no injury: and they were right-, for the breath of the -ocean itself is not ..so refreshing to. me as the dear .familiar music of an L-ish welcome. (Loud applause.) The toast of "St. Patrick's Society" was proposed "by Dr. Macartney, who gave some statistics to show its thorough financial solvency, and dwelt approvingly upon the unsectarian character of the association. Mr. John Rowan responded. He regretted it had not devolved upon an abler spokesman to respond to this toast: on behalf of the society. It was formed some thirty-one years ago, for the purpose of keeping in vigorous life among us that patriotism and home- fondness charac- teristic of every nation, and especially, so of. the Irish. Perhaps our primary object is best expressed in.the terse but comprehensive language of the society's first rule, viz.: to " cherish thememory of Ireland/' and as this cannot reasonably be said to. be the exclusive privilege of one of. us more than another, the society is intended to comprehend within its membership Irishmen, without exception or distinction, who love their native land. This is, doubtless, as it should be, for our feelings would revolt at the exclusion from our fraternity of such names as those of Isaac Butt, John Martin, Professor Galbraith and others, to whom 'we look with patriotic affection. The stigma cannot be cast upon us that we repudiate the fellowship of those of our countrymen differing, it may be, from the mass of us in religious -belief, but the purity of whose self-sacrificing devotion in the cause of our common country in time of trial and danger will live for ever green in our memory. If- he interpreted aright the true genius of .a national society, its aim is rather to prevent any distinction of creed marring the cordiality of their relationship with one another, and to practically realise as far. as is compatible with the interests of our nationality the picture presented by Gerald Griffin in his beautiful poem, in which he says— " Their flags that day were blended of orange and of green." Fidelity to the principles of St. Patrick's Society prompted him to say that it was not without some pain and humiliation he had seen . its offshoots here denationalised from time to time, and brought under ecclesiastical supervision. He thought it a happy coincidence and served to illustrate his meaning that as Dr. Macartney was the proposer of this toast, he could not very consistently be fraternising with us to-night if our motto were, " None but Catholics admitted." In conclusion, Mr. Rowan'asked the members to bestir themselves in support of the society, and take counsel from the words of an illustrious Irishman-— 11 Let my sons like the leaves of their shamrock unite, A partition [of sects from one footstalk of right." Mr. Winter proposed " Our adopted country," which was well received. Before the conclusion of the proceedings, the President presented the gold medal of the society to Mr. Cody, in recognition of that gentleman's services in proposing over sixty members of the society. Some other toasts were proposed, after which dancing was recommenced, and continued until a late hour. 