SOME NATIONAL CHARACTER. ISTICS. Mr, Froude, in his book on the English in Ireland in tho Eighteenth Century, thus describes representatives of the three nations which have all had to yield to the English : — Fluellen, hot-blooded,' voluble, argumen tative, is yet most brave, most loyal, mid most honorable. Among his thousand cha racters, there is not one which Shakspearc has sketched more tenderly, or with a more loving affectionate irony. Captain Jamie is " a marvellous falerous gentleman," woll read in tho ancient wars, learned "in the disciplines of the Bomons," and able to hold discourse on them with any man, but shrewd and silent, more prone to listen than to speak, more given to blows than to words, and determined only "to do good service, or liggo in the ground for it." Mucmorris, though no less bravo than his companions, ready to stand in tho breach while there were throats to be cut or work to bo done, yet roars, rants, boasts, swears by his father's soul, and threatens to cut off any man's lieud who dares to say that ho is as good as him self. Captain Jamie never mentions Scot land ; we learn his country from his dialect and from what others say of him. Fluellon, a Welshman to tho last fibre, yot traces his Welsh leek to tho good sorvico which Welsh men did "in a garden where leeks did grow," at Creey, under tho English Edward. He delights in thinking that all tho waters of the Wye cannot wash his Majesty's Welsh blood out of his body. Macmorris, at the mention of bis nation, as if on tlio watch for insults from Saxon or Briton, blazes into purposeless fury. "My nation I What ish my nation 7 Is a villain, and a bastard, and a knnvo and a rascal? What ish my nation ? Who talks of my nation ?" Truly ono must go from home to Icam news. It is rumored in private circles in Melbourne, says the Ballarat Courier, that Sir JamesM'Culloch is likely to be appointed by the British Govornment Governor of Sonth Ansti .ilia. In this instance the rumor must have been exceedingly "private." In addition to picturesque scenery, Gipps Land seems to bo well off for snakes. At Upper Maflra, a few days ago, two men while engaged at work in a paddock killed no less than forty snakes. The number is accounted for by thirty-eight yonng ones about six inches long Going found inside a female when out open. . Some few days ago it was announced that the first steamer bail been launched on the Goulburn, "at Nagambio. Tho Seymour Courier does not think that tho floating of a mere hull of a boat, without tho ghost of a boiler, engine, or paddle- wheel, can be re ported as tho latrach of a steamer of 100 tons burthen. The Nagambie steam project has been a' failure. Some six months ago accommodation was afforded by a local branch bank to two practical men to put tbo ribs and keel together, but was withdrawn at that critical period when its continued extension would have been the means of completing a boat which was " in tended for the navigation of the river." On Monday the hull of tho steamer is to be offered at auction, under a bill of sale. The Christian Union finds a "new method for raising funds" in the announce ments of tho fair of a religious association which reads as follows : — The annual sale of the ladies of tho society will take place on Thursday evening hexVj " v 