TOTTIE AND BEN SPA UH OW. Tottie's Dream. A OHRISTMAS STORY FOR YOUNG AND OLD THE " ups and downs" of lifo aro generally b<»lioved to ba a very common experience ; but th*y could scarce ly have been so with Ben Sparrow, he h-«d so very many downs, and so very few ups (if any) in tho course of his career. . till he managed to plod on somehow or other, until the present time, when he and hiB grand daughters are living together iu the Bmall houso of which the grocer's shop forms part This short biography being couc u<1ed, we come upon Ben t-'p tr'ow, sitting in his parlor. The only other person in the room is lottie, who is perched on a high ohair, with a rail in fi ont, to prevent her making an attempt to walk in the air, und whose attention is divided betweeu the old mau and certain sweet thiags which are spread upon the tablo. Such as three large fat figs-luscious jouug fellows new. ripe, and "with so tempting au air about thom as tp make their destruc tion appear inevitable, fcuch as half a dozen or so sticks of cinnamon, not na fresh-looking as tho figs, bcintr indeed rather wrinkled specimens of spice ; but notwithstanding their snuffy color, they have an invi ting odour about them, and tickle tho nose tantalizingly. Suoh as a few dozen of plump dried currants, of exqui site sweetness. Such as two or three bunches of mus catel raisins, riäh-looking, pri ces r among grapes, with a bloom upon their skins, which speaks eloquently of luscious juices within, (lottie's eye« wander to these and her mouth waters, and her fingers wait but for the opportunity. If some kind fairy wonld bnt cry "dhop!"now, and call for a quarter of a pound of brown ingar, or an ounce of tea-the best one and-four penny-or a ha'porth of barley sugar! But business is slack, as, Ben Sparrow will tell you. with a doleful shake of the head, and there appears no such fairy, in the form of a slattern with shoes down at heel, or of a bold girl with a baby in her arms, or of a gutter student, cspless, with straggling hair, or of a weak eyed man with shaking limbs. No such fairy calls " Shop !" m Tottie's interest, and taps the counter with the nimble penny. Such as two whole halves (the prettiest of paradoxes)|of candied lemon peel, witt such an appetizing fragrance oozing ont of them, with such delicious patches of Bugar clinging to their alder manic insides and outsides-pearls in muscles aro value less ai a comparison - that the precious things of-the world, such as dolls and boxes of wooden soldiers (would they were all BO !), and oyster shells and pieces of broken china to play at dinners and teas with, fade in the contemplation of thom. Mich, to concludo with, as a few shreds of mac¿, and a clove or two-scarcely worth mentioning in the presence of their superiors. These delectable joys of life being spread upon tho table, immediately under Tottie's nose, and Tottie's attention being divided between them and their lawful owner, Ben Sparrow, it will not be difficult to seo which of the two possessed tho g eator charms for her A rapid glance at Ben Sparrow's face, a lingering gazo upon frmit and spico, another rapid glance (with a sli«htreproach in it this time) at Ben Sparrow's face, and, finding no benevolent intention there, a more fixed and longing gazo upon tho treasures of the earth-thus it goes on without a word on either side (the thoughts of each being so intensely engrossing), and thus it might have continued for goodness knows how long, but that Ben. .Sparrow, wi'h a cheery laugh, taps Tottie's cheek with his forefinger, and cricB, in a tono of satisfaction, "Now I've got it I * * (Tottie wishes she had. ) " Mow I'vo got it," erica" the old man again ; " ali completo " Tottie shifts restlessly in her- high chair 41 And Tottie shall sen mo make it " says Ben, with beaming faco, rubbing his hands, and shifting the fruit and spico about, much the same as if thoy form pioces of apuzz'e, and he has found tho key to it, " Espe cially, "adds Bon, "as Tottie will sit still, and won't touch." " No, I novor !" exclaims Tottie. This is Tottie's oath, which she is muoh given to swearing whon her honor is called into question. Tot tie's " No, I nover !" is, in her estimation, worth a voluuio of affidavits: but it is much to be feared that her sonso of moral obligation is not of a high ordor. " And as Tottio's a good little girl-" " Tottie's a good little girl !" There is no expression of doubt in tho nod3 of tho hoad with which Tottio strengthens this declara tion, " And 'liait still, she shall soo mo make it." Tho good old fellow laughs. Ho does not seem to re alize how difficult is tho task ho has sot Tottio. To sit Bti'l, with thoso trowirns in viow I ««You tsee, Tottie;" says Sea, taking her into his confidence, " busi ness is very slack, and Christmas is coming, Tottio." Tottie gives a nod of acquiescence. .. So I think to my self," another nod from Tottie ; shu also is think ing to herself, " if I can put something in the window that'll make tho people look at tho figs." Here Tottie introduces an artful piece of diplo macy. " Tottie can Bpell fig," she says, and proceeds to do it smilingly F-LG. fig." But Ben, intent upon his sohome, does not see the point of Tottie's in terruption and proceeds : "-Something that'll make 'cm look at the figs, and tho currants and thernisins-some thing new and spicy(B^n laughs a', ti»is joke, and repeats it) - ''tonuthing nc* und spicy ; perhaps it'll nuke 'em up, ai.d brmg 'm in h re instend ofgoii.glo iiuother shou. For they wuut woking up, Totiie, they want waking up badly." Sol- mn tifiis from Tottie prrc'iiim the lerious considérai ion »Le has given to tho gin-rm H eepiness ami indiffer ence of Pen "Sparrow's custoraeiB. Bon Sparrow picks up n fat currun', ai d cou templnies it with us much interest as a gco logistwouldcoutemp »te a nt w iossi;. 'lotties tves follow his move I monts ; she si s like Patience on a monument, and an other sigh ei>cu, es her ns Bm Sparrow (again absirnct I o 'ly) puts thu cu rant in his mouth and swallows it. Draw a v il mercifully over Tottie'B feeling1. 1 "It was In the middle nf the night," says Ben Spar row, with all the impressiveness demmdol by the bis torical fact. '? that I first thought of making rn-», and putting me in the window to attract custom I was a good deal puzzled abous my legs and my stomach got into my he >d and I c .uldn't got it out; but lie tie by little all my limbs au I every other p*rt of me came to mo uutil the idea was complete. And now we'll try it, now we'll set to work and mnko a maa ? And if you're a good girl and'll sit »till, you shall see me made." Tottie's . experience in literature is very limited and she knows nothing of tho terrible story of frankenstein, therefore she is notât all frightened- at the idea that it will turn out to be a monster. On the contrary, if Ben Sparrow's thoughts wou d only take a benevolent turn of mind in the shape of a fig for Tottio. or a few plums for Tottie, or some candied sugar for Tottie, Bhe wou'id be prep «ped to enjoy the feat which Ben is about to perform us much as if it were the best bit of fun in the world. " Now then," commences Ben, with a whimsical glance at Tottie. who smiles back at him like a true diplomatic " I don't know what part is generally made first, but perhaps it'll bo as well to commence with the stomach Here it is - here's my stomach." He tnkes one of the halves of the candied lemon peel, and places it before him, round side up. " There's a little too much sugar in me, ' with a more whimsical gl-nce than the first ; " it'll make rae rather too heavy, I'm afraid. And besides, Tottie, it aint true to nature. My inside aint got suoh a coating as this " He breaks a piece ot candied sugar from the inside of his stomach, looks at Tottie, notices her wistful eyes, and gives it to her. She eats it eagerly, and so quickly as to cause amazement to Ben Sparrow, who says, "You shouldn't eat so fast, Tottie. Good little girls don't eat so fast as that " Tottie. with feminine duplicity, accepts this warning in an inverted sense, and cries with her mouth full of sugar, " Tottie's adood little girl," os if indorsing a state« ment mode by her grandmother, But Tottie's thoughts are not upon the good little girl ; at the present moment she resembles a savage. She has tasted blood, and thirsts for more. "It'sa fatter stomach than mine," proceeds Ben, laying hand upon his stomach of flesh, the stomach he came into the world with ; '* it's 'sounder and plumper, and would fit the Lord Mayor or alderman, but it'll do, I dare say. Now for my neck." He picks the thickest piece of cinamon, and measures it with his eye, breaking the stick in two. " I musn't make my neck too long-nor too Bhort-and I take the thickest piece, Tottio because it's got to support my bead Like this." He makes a hole in the end of the lemon peel, and sticks the cinnamon in firmly. "Now to stick my head on Tottie." He selects tho largest of the fat figs, and attaches it to his neok " What's the next thing ? My eyes to be sure. Currants " Remarkably litre eyes do tbey look when they aro inserted in the faso of the fat fig. Then he takes a olore for his nose, and making a thin BÜt in the fig for his mouth, inserts nn appropriate mor sel of mace. All this being successfully accomplished, he holds himself up (as far as he goes) for his own and lottie's inspection and approval. Tottie claps her hand« and laughs, but subsides in a quieter humor at a guilty thought that steals into her mind. She thinks what a del gbtful thing it would be to take her grand father (as far OB he goes) and eat bim, bit by bit. "I bepintolook ship-shape." observes Bon Sparrow, gazing admiringly at the unfinished effigy of himself. " You soe, Tottie. what tho people want nowadays is novelty something new, something they haven't seen before. Give them that and you're all right, Now here it is-here's [novelty-horo's something they've never Been before , and if this don't bring custom I dont know what will." Tottie given a grave and si'ent assent ; she can not speak, for hor mind is bent upon cannibalism. She is ready to tear tho old mau limb from limb. "But," continues Bon Sparrow, unconscious of tho horrible thought at work ia the mind of the apparently innocent child boforo him, " I must get along with myself or I shall never he finished. I have'nt beon in any battle that I know of, and I wasn't born a cripple so my limbs must be nil right when I appoar in public. Now for my arms. Moro cinnamon ! I think I may call cinnamon mj bones." When two plocos of cinnamon aro etuok ¡uto tho sides of tho candied lomon pool, they look so naked that he Bay», " I must put s'oovos on my armB." And impales raisinB upon them, and stioks five small slips of mace in each of the raisins which serves for fingers. "Now for my legs, and thoro I am. More cinnamon 1" 'Two sticks of cinnamon stuck in the bottom of his candled stomach, and then clothed with raisins, form his legs, and there he is complete. " I think I'll do," he says complacently. At this moment a voice calls " Shop 1 " and a fairy, in the shape of a shoeless, ragged girl, tapa upon the counter. Ben Sparrow goes into tho shop to serve, and Tottio is loft alone with his effigy. Now it has been mentioned that Tottio has a vice, and this is it; she is afflicted, not with .a raging tooth, but wich a tooth KO sweet as to weaken her moral sense, so to speak. she i* unable to resist temptation when it presents itself to her in the shape of sweetmeat« and fruit, and her notions a^ to tho sacredness of suoh-liko property are BO loose t tat (no one being by to'seo her do it) sho helps herself Shunting her eyes, Tottio stretches out her hand, and pluolimg her grandfather's left leg bodily from his candied stoninch, instantly devours it, cinnamon, raisins, and all-ana has just made tho last gulp when Ben Sparrow, having served his customer, re-enters the parlor. Ha casts a puzzled look at his dismemborcd effigy, and mutter*. " Well ! if I didn't think I had mndo.my two legs, may I be sugared !" Which sweet oath is exactly appropriate to the occasion. Then ho turns to Tottie, wiois gazing u- consciously at vacancy, wi h a wonder fully intense expressïôu in her eyes, and she immediately shake» her head piteously, and crus, .' No, I never ! no, I never !" Ben Sparrow, having hi* doubts aroused by this vehement ass-verntion if iunoct-nce, suv s mournfully. .' Oh, Tottio ! Tottio ! 1 didn't :hiuk you'd do it ! To begin to eat mo up 'ike that!" But Tottie shakes her head vt»hament!y, and despe rately reiterate*, No, I never ! vo, I never !" Ben Spart o ¡V. with a gravo laen, makes himself nnothor leg, moving himself, however, out of Tottie's reach with reproachful siguiScance, An unexpected difficulty occurs nt tbi« point. Being top-heavy, ho can no', balance himse f up¿n his legs; bu: Bon is of un Inzeuiuusturnof mind, und ho hits upon tho expedient of shoring himself up from jehlna with stout sticks ot' cinnamon. limn, setting himself up, he gazes at him self ia admiration. Tott'e's eyes are also fixed upon the effigy ; it possesses a horrible fascination for her. TOTTIE'S DREAM When Tottie wns pat to bed, it was na wonder that she was haunted by tho awtet effigy of old Bon Sparrow, and that hisjstomach of candied lomon paol, and his head bf rich figs and curr.auts, presented themselves to hor in the most tempting sh ipe3 and forms her warm imagina tion could tlevise. >> s she lay iu bed, looking at the rush light ia the washhand-basiu, tho effigy appeared bit by bit in front of the ba«in until it was complete, and when it winked ono of its currant eyes at her-as it actually did-the light of the candle throw a halo of glorly over tho form Her eyes wandering to tho mantel shelf, she Baw the <? ffi<ry come out of tho wall and stand in the middle of the shelf ; and turning to tho table, it rose from beneath it and sat comfortably down, with its legs of cinnamon and raisins tucked under it like a tailor. When she closed her eyes, she saw it loom iu the centre of dilating rainbow circles, and in the centre of dark-coloured disks, which ns they swelled to larger proportions, assumed bright borderings of colour, for the exprès % purpose of setting off more vividly the attraction of the fignre. Whichever way, indeed, Tottie's eyes turned she saw him, until the room was full of him and his sweetness, and with his multiplied image in her mind she fell asleep. No wonder that she dreamed of him, Tottie and Bessie slept ia the same room, and Tottie dreamed that long after she fell asleep-it must have been long after, for Bessie was in bed -she woke up suddenly. There shs was, lying in bed, wide awake, in the middle of the night. The room was dark, and she couid not see any thing, but she could hear Bessie's soft breathing. She TOTTIE'S DREAM. waa not frightened, as she usually was in the dark, for j her attention was completely engrossed by one foaling. In the next room slept old Ben Sparrow, who, according to the fancy of her dream, was not made of blood and I floBh and bono, but of lemon peel, fig, and currants and raisias. All tho sweet things ia tho shop had boon employed ia the manufacture, and thoro they lay em bodied in him. Tottie knew nothing of theology ; know nothing of tho value of hor soul, which, without a moment's hesitation, she wou'd havo bartered for figs nnd candiod lomon peel. ¡And thero tho delicious things lay, in tho very next j room. _ If she could only get thero 1 -perhaps he would not miss an arm or a lng. But to oat the old man who was so kind to her Î She had a dim oousciomnoss of tho I wUh, but Bho could not rid horsolf of it. Thought Tottie. \ " He won't know, if ho's adoop, and perhaps it won't hurt him." Her mouth watered, her eyes glistened, her fiagors twitokod to bo at him. her stomach criod out to har. She could not withstand tho tomptition Slowly and tremblingly she crept out of bod, nnd groped along tho ground towards tho do?r. Bossle was nsloep. ISvory bony wn.B asleep. The house waa very quiet. Every thiner favoured tho accomplishment of the horrible deed, ..Nobody will know," thought Tottie Thoroughly engrossed in her desperate cannibalistic purpose, and with her teeth grating against each other, Tottie turned the handle of the door and opened it ; but as she looked into the dark paspage Bea Sparrow's door opened, and a sudden flood of light poured upon her. It BO dazzled her, and terrified her, that she fled back to her bed on all fours; and scrambled upon it with a beating heart, and a face as whito as a ghost's. Sitting there glaring at tho door, whioh she had left partly open in her fright, nho saw tho light steal into the room, and, flying in the midst of it, old Bon Sparrow. He was not quite as large as life, but ho was ever so many times more sweet and delicious-looking. Aa old Ben Sparrow appeared, the room became as light as day. and Tottie noticed how rich and luscious were the gigantic fig whioh formed his head, tho candied lemon peel which formed his stomach, tho raisins which clothed his legs and arms ; and as for tho ripeness of his dark, beady fruity eyes, there was no form of thought that could truly express the temp, tation that lay in them. Ben Sparrow hovered in the air for a few moments, and then, steadied himself, as it wore ; ho stood bolt upright, and treading upon nothing, advanced slowly and solemnly, and setting it down firmly upon nothing before he could make up his mind to move the othor. In this manner ho approached Tottie, and sat down on her bed. For a little while Tottie was too frightened to speik. She held her breath, and waited with closed lips for him to siy something Butas grandfather did not move or speak, her courage gradually returned, and with it her craving for some of him Her longing could on'y bo satisfied in one woy. Timorously sho reached out her hand toward his face ; he did not stir. Toward his eyes ; he did not wink. Her finger touched his eye ; it did not quiver-and out it came and was in her hand ! Her heavt throbbed with fearful ecstasy, as with averted hend she put tho terrible morsel in her mouth It was delicious. She chewed it and swallowed it with iufiuito relish, and, when it was gone, thirsted for its fel ow. She. looked timidly at the old mm. There was a queer expression in his fig face, which tho loss of'one of bis eyes had doubtless imparted to it. " It doesn't scorn to hurt him." thought Tottie. B or eager fingers wore soon close to the romnining eye, and out that came, and was disposed of in like manner. Tottie certainly never knew how good Ben Sparrow was until the present time. Fbe had nlwayB loved him, but never so much as now. The eyeless face had a mournful expression upon it. and seemed to say, sadly, " Hadn't you hetter take mo next?" Tottie clutched it des perately. It wagged at her, and from its maco lips a murmur seemed to issue, "Oh, Tottie 1 Tottie ! To Berve mo like this !" But Tottio was ravenous. No fear of consequences could stop him, now that she had lasted him, and found how sweet he was. She shut her eyes nevertheless, as, ia tho execution of her murderous purpose, she tugged at his head, which, when Bhe had torn from his body, she ate bit by bit with a rare and fearful enjoyment. When she looked again at tho headless figure of the old man, ono of the legs moved briskly and held itself out to her, with an air of " Me next !" in tho action. But Tottie, hungering for tho lemon:peel stomach, disregarded the invitation. It was difficult to get the stomach off. it was so tightly fixed to it3 legs. When she succeeded the arms came with it, and she broke them off short at the shoulder-blade, 'and thought she heard a groan as she performe 1 the cruel operation But her heart was hardened, and she continued her feast without remorse. How delicious it was ! She was a long time disposing of it, for it was very large, but at length it was all eaten, and not a piece of candied sugar was left. Aa she sucked her finders with delight, a sense of the wickedness of what she bad done come upon her. Her j grandfather, who had always been so kind to her ! öhe i began to cry and tremble But the arms and legs re ! mained. They must be eaton. Something dreadful would be done to her if they were discovered in her bed;, so with feverish haste sho devoured the limbs. And now not a trace of the old man¡remained. She had devoured him from head to foot. She would never see him again-never, novor I How dreadful the Jnblo looked, with him noionit! How Tottio wished sho hadn't done it I Sho was appalled at tho contemplation of her guilt and by tho thought of how sho would bo punished if sho was fouud out. In tho midst .oi theso fears tho Hcrhfc in tho ronm vn.ntn.harl. and oblivion fell -B. L. FARGEON. _ upon Tottie - The Woodford Island correspondent of the Clarence Examiner reporta ¡ Wo havo latoly bean visited with a seasonable uni copions full of ral», willoh la Indeed a (treat hle'sing, as the want, of lt'was beginning to bo severely felt by man mid boast. Crops of nil kinds nro looking well since the rain, and there will soou bo nn abundance dr faed for cattle. Cane mid oom planting ls being proceeded with rapidly. Two of tho Sugar üompniiy'ugunga of oine-OHtterB aro busily onguçect in cutting tho cane on tba plantations ot Mr. D. Cameron and Mr. John M'Mtllan, of Woodford Island, roo-'tictlvely. The oinc-outtors say that some of the cano they ont. fur Mr. Cameron ls about, tho best thej have out this noason. Ir, ia not know» yet how mony tons lt will average to tho aero, but lt la expoototl that lt will be high. Mr. M'Mlllon'soane, l understood, ls also very good. 