NEW SOUTH WALES. OBTRUSIVE EMUS. (FROM THE WAGGA. WAGOA EXPRESS, JOLT 19.) i The emu is beginning to assert a right to his " native heath" with an amount of force | that proves how much he has been benefited by civilisation. An instance of the energetic resistance which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on Bullen bong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, was during acroTS the plain in question on Fi'day last when he came upon a flock of I about 30 emus. The birds were a consider able distance from him when he first ob served them, instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him, a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant With stately and decided steps they approached, -headed by a very Goliath of an emu-a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about 80 yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most un dignified somersault The. shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well-directed lack in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards' distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again; and unchained nis dog, known by the expressive 'appellation of This Fool, from the back of the trap, " The Fool" (Considered' himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, , however, than a similar resis tance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbms at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus; seeing the reinforcement, closed up to figlit.for their native soil and grounded companion. The latter yiel4cd up -the' ghost decorously after an ajjpeal in .thje shape of a second No. 1 <&rtriage;, and the fight waxed 'warm for some tube; nor was Ituntilfouroftheir whilom coiriradeij sttewed the plain that the flock left it to the possesion ot the foe. One <5f the birds vM^. Robbins secured to his trap, and skintied that - ni^ht bv his camp fire, bat the others,\ owing" to; tMir weight, were ajlowed to Temaih as, memorials or the en counter. 