LONDON WOOL SALES. The first series of colonial wool sales in London commenced on the 13th inst. There was a very full muster of buyers, representing both home and foreign houses, besides a crowd of eager persons variously interested in the trade, and anxious to see in what sort of spirit the sales would start. They had not long to wait for the satisfaction of their curiosity. From the very outset there was a flatness, reserve, and selfrestraint on the part of the buyers which boded ill for the coming series. Now and then there would be a momentary outburst of the usual clamorous competition for some special lot, and then the fire would as suddenly expire, and the biddings proceed in a languid indifferent fashion. Such was the first night's experience; but then, as was generally remarked, it could scarcely in fairness be regarded as a trustworthy criterion in judging of the prospects of tho series, since the wools offered were of a very miscellaneous and generally inferior character, and many of the lots were known to be the rejectamenta of previous sales. " Wait till to-morrow night, and we shall see a change, when Charles Balme, with his contagious esprit, mounts the rostrum and wields the hammer." Well, sure enough, there was a change, and a very agreeable one. The old enthusiasm, the explosive outbreaks of rivalry, the strange half-English, half foreicrn,rc word strife were certainly renewed ; t>l viewing the transactions of the evertA^1' nrovement as .j on re-• j.or, m ued or out of bed, Ihavej nQ im_ to hurst so droll a prjces fetched could be'recorded? The spirit of competition was good enough up to a certain point and within a given range of rates, but all attempts to force it beyond that limit was met with passive resistance by the assembled buyers. The arrivals in time comprise :—Sydney, 11,756 bales ; Port Philip, 65,111 do. ; Van Diemen's Land, 230 do.; Adelaide, 30,528 do. ; Swan River, 1,187 do.; New Zealand, 2,679 do.; Cape, 21,922 do.; total— 133,413 bales; of which about 7,400 bales, mainly Cape, have been forwarded direct to the Continent. Mr. Schwartze sums up the results of the sales to the present date in these words: —" There is a large attendance of both home and foreign buyers, but great caution is shown, especially on the part of the latter, and, as a ocnsequence, a reduction of prices has been established, amounting in the case of Australian washed and scoured wools to lid. to 2d. per lb. from December closing rates, the inferior de scriptions showing the strongest fall. Of very superior Port Phillip brands, for which this is the principal series, but little has been seen as yet, and that has sold almost on a parity with last year's February prices. Good greasy combing wools have declined lid. since last series. The figure seems high, and there are no doubt cases in wliicH it is not reached, but for the bulk of greasy wools it is accurate, especially if it be considered that the new clip is much better grown, and probably in better condition than that of the preceediny year. Compared with the February sales of 1872, grease wool shows a decline varying from 9d to 4d per lb., unlike washed wools, where the difference is proportionately much smaller. A MISTERIOUS AFFAIR.—The following story is related by the Gibraltar Chronicle, which might have given a hint to Edgar Poe or Cole- ridge. The Dei Gratia, British ship, on the 5th of December, fell in with an American brigan- tine, the Mary Celeste, in latitude 38.20 N., and longitude 17.15 W. The master boarded her, and found her abandoned, from no apparent cause. She was perfectly sound, had suffered from no storm, a small phial filled with oil being found perpendicular, and nothing whatever had been injured. A sword which was in the cabin was found to be smeared with blood, the top- gallant rail had marks on it of blood, and both bows of the vessel had been cut with some sharp instrument. The captain's effects were of value, and there had been a lady and child on board. It is not mentioned whether the boats were gone, but the theory would seem to be that the crew, or part of them, murdered the captain, ran the vessel towards the Azores, and escaped in the boats, carrying off the lady and child with them. OLD TIMES.—It might keep us humble to look back five-and-twenty years in public as well as in private affairs, observes "Ægles in the Aus- tralasian. Taking up the Van Dieman's Land Royal Kalendar the other day, I found a statis- tics of Port Phillip in 1848. And it speaks well for the salubrity of the climate that many offi- cials of that day are hale, active men—some of them still engaged in public duty. Thus, for instance, I find R. W. Pohlman, Esq., Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, enjoying a lavish income of £200 per annum ; Redmond Barry, Commissioner of Court of Requests, with £250 ; W. H. Wright, Crown Lands Commissioner, at £1 per day ; Lieut. Mair, commanding mounted police, for £109 10s. per twelve month ; Robert Hoodle, Crown Lands Surveyor, at £400 ; H. F. Gurner, Crown Solicitor, with £300. The aggregate payment to heads of de- partments (including Mr. C. J. Latrobe's £15,00 per annum as Superintendent) who did exceed £12,000 per annum. We have changed all that. Our pearl now-a- days are like those Lothair wanted—more expensive ones. Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister.— The Victorian measure legalising marriage with deceased wife's sister has received the Royal assent. The restriction imposed by the old law will no doubt shortly be removed in all parts of Her Majesty's dominions. 