MT WIDOW. JONES advised me not to marry her— he sail she was too young and pretty. Farnum advised me to be an old bachelor— told me a man past forty simply made a fool of himself by matrimony. Tewksberry—a man who is notorious for never minding his own business— told jne she had had a lore affair with Harry Birmingham. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Myers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody more maturer and settled. (N. B. — He married his housekeeper next week, and she is mature enough for Methuselah himself.) Everybody thought 1 waB trying a dangerous experi ment : bnt I didn't pretend to euit everybody, sol simply suited myself. I went quietly to church with Clara Myers, and married her one glorious January morning, when the old St. Paul's was fringed with glittering icicles, and the brisk wind was freighted with the particles of flying snow, like a battalion of dia monde on a double quick. She was nineteen and I about nine and thirty. Sh e was as beautiful as a rose bud, with a shy. pretty way, like a timid child, and I am a rough old codger, sound enough at heart, but like a winter apple, unpromising on the exterior. In short, we are as unlike as May and November, and.thegoodnatured world shook its head.and said : ' No good could come of such an unequal match.' But she said she loved me, and I believed her. Nobody could look into Clara's blue eyes and not believe her, you Bee. . And the next day I made a will and bequeathed all my property, unconditionally, to my wife. 'Are you sure you are doing a wise thing, Mr. Fol liott?' said Mordyn, the lawyer, pushing his blue spectacles upon his forehead, until he looked like a- bald old gnome, with a double pair of eyes ' You see she is very much younger than yourself, and — ' ' Please to be so kind as to mind your own business,' said I, brusquely.' ' Don't be offended, Mnrdyn, but really people seem to suppose I am not able to attend to my own affairs.' '?Just as yon please,' said Mardyn, in a rage. 'I am a mere tool in your hands.' ' That's it exactly.' So I signed the will and went home to Clara. ' Oh, Paul, you must not die ! ' said Clara, with a scared look, when I told her what I had done. 'No- body ever loved me as truly and generously as you have done, and t don't know what I should do if you were taken away.' ' There was young Birmingham, if all reports were true—' I mischievously began, but the curl on Clara's lip stopped me. ' A mere butterfly,' Bhe said haughtily 'without brains or principle. Paul, Paul, I have found a shelter in your true, loving heart, and I mean to nestle there always 1' And then she cried— this foolish, eoft-hearted little wife of mine. Jones and Tewksberry might have called Ikis'policy, Farnum would have said it was acting. But it was very pleasant, and I felt more thau ever like a man who has found some precious jewel, and wears it, like an amulet en his breast. So things went on until the firm of which I was man aging partner, needed to send some one to uaicntca to see after a turbaued scoundrel of an agent, who had absconded with more money than we could well afford to lose. Morrison was old and feeble, Hewitt's wife lay very ill, eo I was the one to go. I kissed Clara good-bye as cheerfully as I could, fully expecting to be back in three months or bo I had to follow the agent up into the mountains of India, I fell ill of one of those burning climate fevers in the bungalow of an old native priest, and the months fie iv by until it was morothanayear before I found myself on the deck of the ' Blue-eyed Mary,' steaming into harbor. And all this time Clara had never heard a ward from me. I had written to her to prepare herself for what bemed almost like my rising from the dead, but I had afterwards found my letters in the pocket of the neglectful native servant who had undertaken to deliver the mails to the Calcutta office. ' But it don't matter so mnch now,' I thought., ' she will be the more delighted, poor little girl !' And then a cold chill Beemed to creep through my veins, like November's wind suddenly beating acrosB a bed of flowers. Clara hod heard nothing ofmo for nearly fifteen montta* What might not have happened in that time P What Tewbsbury, and Jones, and Allen, and all the other pro phetic ravens of my acquaintance had Baid, recurred to my mind like the burden of an uneasy dream. I had been counting the days, the very minutes, until we should touch a port ; but now that my feet rang once more upon the pavements ot my native city, I actually dared not go home. I turned into a restaurant, where I had becu wont to go in the days of my bachelorhood, and slunk in the dark corner— the twilight was juat falling and I was sheltered by the partition. Hush ! That was TewkBbury'B voice, Harsh and jarr ing, as of old. ' Just what might have been expected,' said Tewke bury. 'Pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market.' ' Folliott might have known it.' growled old Famum. ''Poor Folliott! There were some aood points about him, too. Sad tiling that— very Bad thing !' ' \Va must all die,' said Tewksbury, sravely. 'Yes, bat a fellow wuuld naturally prefer dying in his bed to being carried off by an Bast Indian fever and buried in the jungles.' I ehuddereii, Had I then come homo to my own funeral, as it were ? '? And she's going to marry young Birmingham after all,' added Farnum. The paper dropped from my hand. ' I could have told Folliott so when I found out what a coufounded idiotic will he made,' Baid Tewksbury. ' So gold has fallen again ; just my luck ; I sold cut tonight.' I ttiycd to hear no more, but staggered out in the dai-kness, with the idea whirling through my dizzy brain that my Ciara was mine no longer ! It was unquestionable, what fewksbury had said ; I might have anticipated somo such end. Bhe was too young, too lovely for such a rough old fellow as I was. My r.idow— what a curious sensation the words gave me as I menially pronounced them. Under my own windows, with the ruby-red light shinning through wine- colored damask eurtainB, I stood, feeling as l'.ip Yun Winkle must have felt in the play like a dead man walking on the earth once more. VoiceB and lights were within. I opened the door Eoftly and crept into the hall. The drawing- room door was ajar. Clora hereelf elood before the fire 13 deep black robes, with a frill of black orapo on her aubui'il gold tresses -the awful tign and symbol of her widowhood. Directly opposite stood Harry Birmingham, looking diabolically young and handsome ia the soft light. ' Clara, C.ara !' ho cried, 'you surely are not in earnest. Yoa will reconsider f ' 'My answer is final,' Bhe responded. 'Tho time might once have been when I fancied I had a childish iiking for you, Harry Birmingham, but that time has long since passed away. I gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathed —Paul Folliott— and in his jjraro it is forever buried. I loved him once ; I shall love him on into eternity. I never was half worthy of him, but—' And Clara's voice was choked with sobs. 'My love, my darling— my own precious wife !' How I ever got into the room — how I managed to ULUU.U vimti* uvm^iitutuu vuui a. t-1U1 HiJ XJVVli IlVlUg Cell* and not a ghost that had ari:en from the shadow of the sepnlcbro, I cannot tell this d«y— neither can she- but I kuo-.v that youug Birmingham somehow disappeared, and I was standing with Clara cla«ped to my breast, tlie happiest man that ever breathed God's bleBEed air.^ For Jones, Tewksbury, Farnum and Co., wpre all wron j, and to use the words ot the orthodox fairy stories, slightly paraphrased, I and my widow 'lived happy ever afterwards.' The Dog Act.— The provision* of the Dog Act have bern cxtiraded to the town of Haydonton. Tedsteeshies. — Tlie undermentioned gcntlumon have been apoointed to the following trusts :— Trustees cf the Uud at Orange, dedicated for a racecourse — Messrs. Benjamin Nelson, James Torpy. P. Konna, A. Coulsen, Joseph Windred, and J. O. M'Lachlan ; as trustees of the land at Byng. dedicated for a Wesleyau cemetery- The Kevs. Henry Honey Giud. George Hurst;, Er!d B. Chapman; as trustees of the land at Beauty, dedicated for a Boman Catholio Church and Pca3bytery— Tho Bight Bev. James Murray. D.D., the Rev. Patrick Finn, and Mr. John M'Eae ; as trustees of the land at Rockley, dedicated as an additional site for a Wesleynn Church -The Revs. Henry Honey Gaud, George Hurst, and Benjamin Chapman. Maravilla Oocoa.— The Globe nays ' Tatlob Bbothebs' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough Buooasa, and supersedes every other Cocoa In the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish tha M&ravllla; Cocoa above ell others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could cot recommend a more agreeable or valuable beroragr.' For further favourable cpisio-js vide Standard, Homing Pott, Bntwh llcii:al Journal, fco., &c.; 