OtTE MBLBOTJRNE LETTER AND MB. JAMBS SMITH, .' \- ,?? ?.:?*- ?-?-?-? TOTHK EDITOB. ^: Sir^So many and suoa extraordinary mis statements occur in a recent letter frbm your MelbonrEe correspondent \that I nmet ask per missiojaio correct them. I have passed throngh no ..-.f' phases ; of unbelief f I am not a Spiritualist ; ibelong to so ' French magnetic school,' and have never heard of such a schooL llave ino '-disciples' or 'foDowerai' I pro-: pagate no, * new belief, nor iheohes, nor doo triner, and make no ; ' ' Snnday raids, '5 -whatever that may mean, . So far from Mr. ; Farie M&c-; george being. my 'chief apostle,' I should bo glad to leaim of hioa, were it not that we both fcnow that all knowledge that is worth the knowiBganUBt come from the Father ; that no man can teach another and that, in order to be what your correspondent calls *'' a profound theblogiaii,' a peraoa.must become a slave -to the system's, (ioofcrines, creeds, philosophies, or wdld ' speculations of men whese -minds -have been killed by the letter of the Bible, and whose chief occupation appears to be tha1; of weaving the thickest and darkest of curtains wherewith to hide the Greator from: His crea tures. ' ' ??- '.? ' ; ' . ': -. ? What is spoken and written through certain human instruments employed for this purpose — instruments who are in themselves nothinar. and of no. importance whatsoever to the Father, who is 'making use of them— may be summed np in a very few words. The.period atwhichtlie globe will! .undergo that purification- by fire which ?wa» predicted from the beginning, is very close at hand; so close that the physical premonitions «f-it are multiplying all around as 4very day^i iThWrwUl' take^)!ace ^the JLdJmenl iSjMfte»)lrihj^nAratipn.ofJb^wl^tlr£m^ tares, of the spiritually quickf rom the spiritually dead. ^Wbiatbvef la of *he eirtrj,'- earthy, will perish with tfie present shell of the globe. -All who have lived for the world, the flesh, and the devil, .wiH'be Mdtfedf^lnfof - existence; To the remnant of the race— -the cMidren of obedience, to whom Ghriat ?comnmnicated the Holy Spirit when .He was on the earth before— will tee given an immortal soul, that is to Bay, u portion of the Divine nature of the Father. But thus is only possible upon one condition, namely, th& sur render of self— the animal or human nature — the carnal mind, which is enmity to God, to be con sumed by the sacrificial fire of the Holy Spirit, crucified within us, just as the human body' in which Christ was - incarnated was crucified on the cross. All sacrificial offerings, from the first by -J righteous .Abel' -to 4he Jast on Calvary, foreshadowed the 'daily sacrifice' spoken of byiDanieU whichi has now to -take place in all whoare capable of receiving eternal life. As soon as that asaceompliBhed, will come the en i?i '? This ia now explicitlyand emphatically stated to maa. by : the Most ffigh, speaking to him through human instruments : ^.nd, as a matter of caurse, it will be received with -derision and incredulity by the religidus onvthe one hand., and fcy the scoffers on the other,! jost as it was by the very same classes whea- they were known by? tife names; of Pharisees and Sad dacees, 1^800 yeats agW .3?he Father's message was then delivered on the shoces of? the Medi tearaaean 'and the Levant, because among the nations slanted there . were, incarnated tnn minds which were' alone capable ofreceiving the Holy Spirit It was to them Christ en joined :his -disciples to; 'preach -the ?Gospel'?— not the New -Testament, because not a single lme. of it iiad-beenxsoniniitted topaper at that: time— but iojimparttheiHoly Spirit, they being' the channels Shrough which it had to be con veyed.;: and before Paul had finishedrhia career, as he toldsthe OolOssiaas, -the ^Gospeliiadobeen preached to--*.e;, the Holy Ghost had ;beeh iestowed upon— 'every creature wMchis under .hoamaoi*1. .?_-'?-:??-??.---- :-.:--;.;. -:.;?..' ?-/?? ?'.?? r*; . ; Most of;, those mho. thea received it-ethatis to say 'their minds as diatinguiBhed from the numerous earthly ^garments thef haivenraist— ; ana in .. Australia ; and therefore the ! work has i beeu commenced here by the Father, wioemploys ?for the ingathering t)f His children precisely the same instrumeats— -His Soninclvide'l— who were ? used for the ;pieparatory work i*800 years ago in Palestine. ; : -?, ? .'..?' ?'= . .-.'. -?~ -- .; = & am, Sir, &&, ? . , r ; ??_???-? -??? . =: ?'.:.- -? --??:: : JAJ4BS,SMITn. , , Melbourne, March 20j 1873. 