THE MONTH. (From the Evangelical Christendom. ) Every six or seven years the apparently im passive three millions and a half who reside at the " apex of the world," are aroused into a state of excitement by spectacles and festivities that cause the fortunate citizens of London to be the objects of envy to their country cousins. The visit of the Shah of Persia is a very notable occasion of the kind. The enthusiasm of the people fairly conquered even his passive nature, and caused him to bend right and left with evident pleasure ; though if the question were again put, "What went ye out to see?" it would be found that logic for the million has not made much progress in the space of two thousand years, and the disparity between the recent Persian Famine Relief Fund and the vast sums now expended in show and ostenta tion would form a theis for the stern moralist. Ever since the arrival of the Shah the cup of pleasure has been held to his lips, till he is literally obliged to carry a golden teapot about with him from which occasionally to refresh himself. One excitement follows another with a rapidity truly wonderful ; public dinners, reviews, inspections, operas, railway flights, zoological visits, sham fights and demonstra tions, pass in uninterrupted succession ; and if the Shah keeps his reputed diary with anything like comprehensiveness, his secretaries must be fully occupied. All this is justified on the ground of political expediency, and it will be provoking if national expediency should turn out as worthless as individual expediency very often does ; but at any rate we have our Persian Lion, and we seem to know the respect due to a lion when we meet with one. It has been urged that the presence of the Shah should be utilized by endeavours to obtain religious toleration in Persia, where the old Mahomedan law is still in force which condemns to death a subject embracing Christianity, and where both Christians and the numerous class of Jews have been made to feel severely the traditional Mussulman intolerance. The Auglo- Jewish Alliance have resolved to take action on the occasion ; but the leading journal objects to "the lecturing" of the Shah by "a religious deputation," and thinks that more may be effected by the tacit influence of European civil ization upon his Majesty. The truth is, how ever, that a "religious deputation" might well approach the Shah to thank him for what he has done in the cause of religious liberty, and without the slightest idea of " lecturing" him upon that or any other subject. The Secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, in a letter to the daily press, recalls to the memory of the British public a fact, recorded in our own pages at the time of its occurrence, which is highly credita ble to the Persian monarch. In the year 1865 the Shah was appealed to by the European Branches of the Evangelical Alliance, on behalf of the Nestorian Christians, occupying the country on the borders of the Lake of Oroomiah, who had for many years been subject to cruel persecutions from their Moslem neigh bours occupying the mountains of Koordistan. His Majesty not only yielded to the request to protection to his Nestorian subjects ; but as a proof of his sincerity, he gave a piece of land for the erection of a church for their use, and £100 out of his private purse towards the cost of the building. Several of his Ministers contriibuted to the same object. The British and Foreign Bible Society are about to preesent to the Shah, through Sir Henry Rawlinson, a magnificently bound copy of the Bible in the Persian lan- guage. The reply of the Archbishops of Canterbury and York to the memorial against Bomish teaching in the Church of England admits the iact of a_ considerable minority of clergy apd laity desiring to subvert the principles of the lleform.ation, and professes the readiness of the chbishojis to c.xercise all the authority vested in them for the entire sirppressiou of ceremonies ' and pr.actices adjudged to bo illegal, and also to guai'd against any such .ai'chitectural arrange ments and ormunents as may , facilitate the introduction of suxjerstitious practices and erroneous doctrines. They at the same time declare that they do not consider it to bo the duty of the Bishops to take judicial xiroceedings iqmn every complaint, and they direct the attention of the laity to their own powers in tlio matter. It is doubtless true that the laity have not .always exerted their legal powers to the utmost, but hitherto the experience of those churchwardens, and others who have instituted expensive suits, have not been very encouraging. The fact is, that a real danger exists in the Chin-eh which c.annot be overlooked nor explained away ; and the 60,000 memori.alists have done well in eliciting an unequivocal public recognition of such danger by the highest ecclesiastical authorities, .and thus in n.arrowing the issue whether an active and self-asserting jiarty are to lead us back to Home like sheep, and shear as they go. The highest Roman Catholic authority in England has recently issued a kind of appeal to Protestants, interesting enough in its candour as to how ardent is the desire of the Romish Church to regain its ascendancy here, and as showing how far are its chiefs from coinpi- ehcnd- ing Protest.ant principles, and .also how wide is the chasm which separates these principles from those on which Romanism is based. In this document the Roman Clmrch claims the so- called advant.age of believing all that Protestants believe as to doctrines, and something more beside.s. Just so ; but it is that something more that Protestants cannot accept, and which those in Protestant countries who exercise their mind and try to understand their faith are, never likely to bo able to accept. To take oiie propo sition — as to authority in matters of faith — it would seem to be an .axiom that any one who looks up to Christ as his .Saviour and J udge would recognise in Him the ultimate authority ; but the Roman Catholic Church asks the acceptance of human authority — that of Fopcs, General Councils, the Church, tradition, the priest, or some other creation that thinking men easily recognise as rising no higher than frail humanity, in whatever garb it may he clothed or whatever shape it may assume. Here is a diflerence so vast as to be the difl'crence between the divine and the human, and one th.at the thoughtful Protestant is not liable to confound or to mistake ; and hence it is easy to see that the Rciinan Church is not s.atisfied with the kind ot converts it is maiiing. xno astute cnieis or that Church know that they are not winning over the great body of earnest and intelligent Christians, nor are they on the way to do so ; and whoever else m.ay mistaice for evidence of such the fact of some young people who, at first dazzled by the gay ceremonial of Ritualism, afterwards prefer the more gorgeous .one of Rome, certainly the Roman hierarchy do not share in the delusion. And here it is very singular to remark that for once they ai-e in harmony -with Mr. Spnrgeon, who declares that he does not want "milk-and-water young men." No one can doubt the sincerity of the Roman Church in its expression of dc.sire for the adhesion of the English people, but it is evident that the bulk of them will never be able to learn the Aberglaube or extra belief insisted upon by that communion ; and the Church that can drive millions into Protestantism on the one hand, and into infidelity on the other, ought surely to ask itself a few searching questions in this iiuieteenth century. Hospital Sunday is a memorable event as uniting the professors of various creeds in tlic fulfilment of the great Christian command of love. For once " Jews, Turks, heretics, .and infidels" have been so far converted as to take part in this common olTort, and wc can afford to assert to the notes of congratulation with which the first-named greet each other, when they compare the synagogue collections with those of our cathedral, notwithstanding the service was "patronized" by her Majesty — a phrase aflbrd- ing also just cause for oomment to our Hebrew friends. The beneficial effect of the rapproche ment is beyond calculation in a moral point of idew, while to the excellent charities them selves the aid must be most seasonable ; and we may doubtless consider what we have just tYii/iicaacu .la meieiy wie inaugurauion 01 a more extended and permanent plan for the inculcation of mutual goodwill and for practical usefulness. Our Churehes might bo agencies for good to a vast extent yet unknown, if it were realised wh.at large numbers can do at small individual outlay, where there is really a desire to make tliein in the highest degree useful. An ordinary observer of the signs of the times can scarcely fail to note the uneasiness felt by the reflecting portion of Englishmen, of .all creeds and parties, .at the present development of our social system. Enormous fortunes are becoming so frequent as to excite no siiriirise, on the one hand while, on the other, self-respect and self-reliance are painfully rare among the masses; and increased wages seem to lead merely to increased eating and drinking, cxeiir- sioiiizing, and looseness of thought, feeling, and expression ; as to the latter, indeed, it is really iiiipleas.ant to hear the ordinary language of the streets; Without going so far as one of our gifted public writers, who has i recently declared that England is becoming a place in which it is loathsome to live, and for which it is disgraceful to die, wo c.annot help feeling that ho lias merely expressed hyper bolieally wh.at is really a widely-extended, underlying apprehension among the wisest and the best, that the out look, in a social and xiplitical qjoiiit of view, is far from encouraging ; and that, in a Christian, light, it is quite the reverse. It seems to be admitted on all sides that the Churches, with .0,11 their agencies and .all their zeal, make but little impression upon the great mass of our people ; and the question is put over and over again by earnest nieh in .all comniiinities. Wliat is to be done ? And perhaps it is the fact that just because so much is done, tliere is the more difficulty in answering the question. But this is certain, that, though individuals m.ay not be able to do uiuch to stem the evils of our time, it is within the power of every one in the Cluireh to make a practical protest against such evils by resolutely declining to bo led away by .the glamour and unreality that so much abounds. Let those who can enjoy the doulitful pleasure of resting upon froth and sham and unreality, do so ; but those who would look forward with calmness and a clear conscience to whatever may loom in the future, will do well to remember their oblig.ations, and heroically hold fast to what is true and simple, and honest and of good report, -r- "For the souLis dead that slumbers, and things are not what they seemi " , . ; We briefly noticed last ' month that the ever- shifting, scene of French xiolitics had .undergone another change. There has been miieli specula tion since Marshal MacMahon has succeeded M. Tliicrs as to the probable policy of the new President under certain contingencies. The general opinion apipcars to lie that the Marshal is not only a brave soldier, but a jiatriotic citizen and an honest m.an. Doubtless decisive steps would bo taken, if necessary, to prevent the ascendancy of the extreme Left, who, rightly or wrongly, are looked upon as the party of anarchj'. Thus far the priestly party have been successful in persuading Lthc middle classes that democracy is the enemy ot the Church. The French seem to lie ever upon the verge of an extreme ; at one picriod Notre Dame is the great attraction, and' high mass is celebrated with a pomp that caxitivates .a N.apolcou ; then the friends of tho Poxie give xilacc to tlie iconoclasts ot the Revolution ; next the jn-iests succeed again in cleansing the Temple ; .anon follow tho Revolutionists .ag.ain, then abso lutism ; and what is to come next ? The evil seems to bo )cri)etual, that both extreme jparties persist in ignoring the signs of the times ; on the one liaiul, the restoration of P.aiial authority and xiriestlj' absolutism is the ghost that floats beffii'o the mental vision of one extreme p.art', which no warnings can lay; and the other ex treme party fails to learn the lesson of history, that a nation cannot be great without a higher ideal than humanity e.an furnish from high- sounding ijroniises based upon nothing. The lamentable feature in all this is that, in the fierce antagonism between .authority and secu larism, botli parties in effect combine to b.anish from their eountry, if it were iiossiblo, that without which ho nation can be really great or stable— namely, true religion unadulterated with superstition .and undisguised by mere political intrigue. Every well-wisher to Fr.aiice must desire to see her rid of xihantoms, and in iiosses- sion of realities. A great writer says truly, we 'cannot ever walk oii froth and unreality, but must eoino to solid earth if we are to prosxier. 