Burying tlie Wrong Woman. A eeiiarkaele case was recently reported^ in Water ford, lor eome time past a Mrs. Keene, wife of a nun named John Eeene, residing in Alexander-street, in that city, had been in the Union HosjjHil, and a messenger from the union brojght him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied hlxself of tho accmraoy ei the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick's Burial Society in the olty, a member of which be was, f ni havine produced the necesiary certificate of death. he received £3 10-, the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the under takerV, purchased a coffin, and sending up to the work house, had the remains plaoc-d in it and convered to his own residency The usual wake was held, when all the relative? of the deoeased with the neighbours assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deoeased hod greatly changed fince last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host cf sot rowing friends to the graveyaid, and were solemnly interred, Scene's grief being so great that he could no); be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Koine proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking bis lowly supper thit evening the latch of the door was lifted, and in walked Mrs, John Keino, and de lighted tit again beinf restored to her hems, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms round his neck, in the wildest ecstacy, began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, ani, like Ham'et addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if Bhe was really mortal. Mrs. Koine con!d not understand poor Keane'a conduot at first. When Keine's bewilderment began to cease, he narrated all the story ot tbe funeral, and Mrs. Keaae Bcicamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane Immediately proceeded to the union, and tUera ascertained that a Mrs. Seane had reiUy died in the house, but - hat she was the wife of a John Keane resid ing in Peter-street. On hearing of the matter the agsnt of the St. Patrick Sooioty was furious, because the second John Koane was not n member of the society. Tau whole aff iir has created tho greatest amusement in the city. 