EUBTHBB PAETICT7LA.ES. The report that Krause, alias Prowtz, would be brought up at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Saturday last, attracted a crowd of persons to ghat locality. The accused was received into the custody of Senior-constable Martin about 1 o'clock on Friday afternoon, and while being broupht ashore made some remarks tending to criminate himself. After his arrival at the station-bouse he evinced no disposition to speak, and when brought from his cell on Saturday to charged with the attempted murders of Mr. Morgan, chief officer, and Mr. Nicholls, boat- gWgiq the ship, he merely said he knew nothing about it. The prisoner is a muscular- framed man of about 5ft. 6in. in height. His features are more French than German, and rather unprepossessing. He has what is opmmonly called a bad face, a restless, determined exnression about the eve. and a bard firm look about the mouth, the upper portion of which projects considerably. When asked by the Water Police Magistrate if he had any question to ask the apprehending constable, he shook his head and replied ia good English, "Ho, sir." The cask of spirits containing Captain Longmuir' s body was brought ashore to the morgue at an early hour this morning, and after th# coroner's jury was empannelled it was opened in their presence and in that of the prisoner, who SSamed qnite unmoved. On examination of the OCftlp, Dr. Hamilton found a severe injury to the skull, apparently inflicted by such a weapon as fiat with which the mate was attacked. This was £0. extensive fracture, sufficient to account for the oauff of death, but as it was supposed tbat the deceased had been drugged in order to render him incapable oi offering resistance, an examination of tbe stomach was ordered to be made. While the jurymen were in the dead-house an immense crowd of persons collected about it, anxious to obtain a glimpse of the prisoner. While being moored to the Observer Tavern, where the in- queet was to be held, he was closely scrutinised by hundreds, hut did not appear in the slightest degree concerned, or at all affected by the horrible charge on which he was in custody. When the proceedings adjourned for the day there was Another large ooncourse of persons waiting for hie removal, and his appearance called forth not few muttered imprecations. thb chibf officee's evidence. The jury having examined the body, whioh had been doubled up and placed in a hogshead con- fifty gallons of rum, securely bound wi'h rope and strongly p'tdied to keep it air-tight, the following evidence was taken : — Henry Morgan deposed that he was chief cfficer of the British ship Rifleman, and remembered Sun day, 16th March. The ship was then in latitude Sideg SSmis. feoutb, longitude 34deg. lmin. wcet. About 5 o'clock the prisoner Julius Fronts brought him a cup of coffee, and shortly after this he came and informed him that the deceased wished to see him in his cabin. He then went down in obedience to the summons, and when he got to the captain's door be spoke to him (the captain), but received no reply. It was then that he was struck by the prisoner, and was stunned for a short time, and before he was quite recovered he received a second blow. On turning round he saw the prisoner in the act of aiming a third blow. It struck witness that his assailant must have a pistol, and he therefore slipped his hands down, and laid hold of prisoner's wrists, and called out for a light and the watch. About two minutes after wards John Nicholl, the boatswain, came in. Witness continued: I had his (the prisoner's) feet and hands made fast with a piece of rope We then turned our attention to the captain. In answer to the coroner, witness said he did not hear any sounds from the cabin, as if coming from the captain. I could see that there was some body in the captain's bunk. We did not see tbe captain in the bunk till we lifted the rug which covered the body in the bunk. There was pre sent when tbe covering was lifted the second mate, the sailmaker, a passenger, and several of the men. When we lifted the rug off we saw that the cap tain's body was covered with blood. He was lying on his right side, with his left side up, and there was a large wound over his right temple. We could see the wound as we looked at him. There waB a piece of " log" line round his neck. The bedclothes were saturated with bloed. The piece of log line had been passed round tbe neck tightly, and then knotted. The captain's face was purple. We cut tbe line immediately, and tried to restore life, although he appeared to be dead ; but our efforts to restore animation were unsuccessful. The body was quite warm. As to the arms, etc., found upon the prisoner. We found several pistols on the tt award, and I found seven more pieces of the same sort of stuff as was found round the neck of the captain. When the prisoner was secured I found one revolver besides the one I had taken out of his hands, five barrels of which were loaded. Two of the six barrels in the other revolver I had taken from him were discharged, and four were loaded. We also foand on him a single-barrelled breech loader, which was loaded. The breech-loader and one of the six-shooters were in his trousers pocket. The revolver from which the shots had been fired was mine, and the other two were the property of the captain. There were twenty- seven cartridges of different sizes in his pockets, of different sizes to suit the revolvers. There were none to suit the single-barrelled pistol. I found seven short pieces of log-line in the steward's pantry. I found that a new log-line that we had in the lazarette, to which prisoner had access, had been cut. I also found a dagger and a two- bladed clasp knife. I think the knife be longed to the captain,, as he had one like it. Tne cabin did not bear the appearance of any struggle or disorder. Nothing had been knocked about. I should judge tbe captain had been killed while asleep, and that he must have been drugged, as he was not a sound sleeper. Juryman : Did you know whose property the clasp-knife and the dagger were ? The dagger was the steward's own, I believe, bat the clasp- knife, I think, belonged to the captain, as he had one like it. Coroner : You think tbat the captain had been assaulted while in a deep sleep P From the ap pearance of the body I should judge that at the time the assault was made upon him he was in a deep Bleep. He was undressed, and his clothes were off. Did you find any instrument in the captain's cabin which would account for the wound in the temple P Nothing but the bolt he had attacked me with, which is a " cbannelplate" bolt. When the steward came on deck and told you the captain wanted to see you, had he the bolt with him P No. I presume that, after the occurrence, when the necessary excitement had subsided, you made an examination to see whether there were any marks of a struggle P Yes, and I saw a mark on a beam, as if the head of the bolt had struck it, and left an indentation. THE BOATSWAEf's EVIDENCE. John Nicol (boatswain of the ship) deposed : I sailed from London in the Rifleman in Decem ber last, and arrived in Sydney on Friday, the 9th iast. I Bhipped as an able seaman, but was rated as boatswain about a month after we sailed. Prowlz was steward of the ship. I remember the morniDg of Sunday, the 16th of March last. From the time of our leaving England until that date everything had gone on harmoniously, and I knew of no rows having taken place. On the night of Saturday, the 15 th of March, I received mr usual quantity of spirits from the steward about 8 o'clock. I had two wine glassfuls, and an anuBual sleepiness followed the drinking of it. I remember nothing from 10 o'clock at night until 5 o'clock in the morning, when I was aroused to get mw T fr/lb lin nfhAW oa! hncr m rr Anffaa MAXJ VUUbVI WAAW, I lay down again on the quarter hatch close to the cabin door. About two minutes after I had lain down, the steward passed me on his way from the cabin to the galley. 1 asked him what he had put in the grog the night before, as every body seemed to be sicjL He said he bad broached a new cask of rum on the evening before, and he thought that its being new was the cause of the men being bad. The last time that I saw the captain alive was on the Saturday evening about 8 o'clock. He was then sitting on a hen coop, on the break of the poop. About five minutes after the conversation I had with the steward I heard a noise coming from the cabin as of a scuffle, or something falling, and immediately after that I heard the mate calling me to come to him. I went into the cabin, but as it was dark I could not see where tbe mate was, and I called out, " Where are you ?" I was then guided by the sound of Mr. Morgan's voice to the captain's cabin, upon entering which I saw Mr. Morgan and another person, whom be hd hold of the arms. They were not straggling. Mr. Morgan said to me, " Take hold of his arm." I did bo, and asked what was the matter, but he did not answer me. From the man muttering something, I knew he was the steward, and I asked him what was the matter. He made no reply to the question, but said, " Let me go," and imme diately jerked his hand out of my grasp. I then caught him by the collar, ∋ he pulled a revolver from some part of his person, and pre sented it in my face, fired at me, wounding me in the left side of the neck, after which he shoved on to tlie floor; and before I could get up he fired a shot at the chief officer. Mr. Morgan evaded the Tghot, and caught hold of the steward again, gettinghim down on the floor in a sittiog posture, and then calling for kelp. A short time after, the second officer came in with a light, followed by eome of the watch. On the light beiBg brought in by the Becond officer, I saw that the man who had fired at me, and at the mate, was the steward— -the man now before the court. He was secured, and before he was taken ont, the mate asked him what he had done to the captiin. He made no answer to the question, and the mate then directed the second officer to look into the captain's bed. The second mate then lifted the counterpane of the bed, and discovered the head and upper part of the captain's body, which were covered with blood. Ttiere was a piece of logline round tbe captain s neck, twice round, and tied very tightly. (The piece of logline, with some of the captain's whiskers attached, was produced.) It was cut by the second officer, and removed by me. It was sufficiently light to cause an indentation round the neck. The captain was dead, b&t; his body was warm, aud was not rigid. He had on his night clothes. The chief officer said to the prisoner, "You Bcoundrel, yoa have killed the captain," and he replied, " It wasn't me, sir ; it was tbe cook." The steward was removed from the cabin, and I remained to wash the captain's head. There was a cut on the right side of the temple, and it appeared to have been made with v knife, &b; it was a clean cut. I saw the channel bolt (produced) in the cabin. It was lying on the floor. My attention was not drawn to the beam over the captain's bunk. When the captain's head was being washed, I did not observe anything but the wound on the temple. As I was sick and faint from the effects of tbe wound I had received I went away and lay down. An entry in t e log- book, which I signed, was read, to me, due cannot remember what it was, as I was ili. It was afterwards read to the rtswa'd in the pre sence of all hands. I then knew that it was a detailed account of the finding of the captain's body. He made no answer to it. I was sot present when anything was found upon him. He made no reply on the entry in the log-book being read to him, but tbe chief officer asked him if he had said to any of the men that he had been driven to do whet he had dene on account of the captain having ill- used him. He efc first denied'having said so, but aitsrwards he acknowledged that he had. The crew could communicate with the prisoner while he was confined, by speaking to him through the bars of the window of the hous8 in which he was confined. I never saw him under the influence of drink. To the jury : I knew that some of ihe men had been sick, because at eoffee-time I saw some of them, and they told me that such was the case. SINGULAE DOCUMENTS. The following is a copy of a letter found in the pantry : — " Sunday, 24th February, 1873, " 7 o'clock a.m. " This date I shifted myself entirely, both underclothing as well as top. Put on a clean pair of stockings at 1 o'clock p.m. The captqin told me I was not shifted ; — he would not have any beggar to serve up at his cabin table. I told him that I was entirely shifted, and I went into my pantry, where I said to myself that if Captain Longmuir was net pleased with my appearance (obscure) to put someone else there to serve up, as I was sure he was only trying to tread and tramp on me. The captain hereupon ran into my pantry and struck MY a violent blow on the left side of mv face, telling me at the B&me; time that be'd throw me overboard, it l, as a ioreign , would give him any cheek. He thereupon nulled me out of my pantry by the 'scrof' of my cellar, telling me to go and shift myself. I then went and put cn a pair of pants which were dirtier than the ones I put off, and served the table with them. I was left in the holeshed (?) for the remainder of the day. " Query : Is a captain entitled to strike a ste ward as be pleases with impunity ? If so, then I suppose that a steward may avenge himself ac cording to his own beat way. " N.B. — This is, since fifteen years of my sea faring life, the first time that I was struck by any captain or any other ruffian lowering and degrad ing himself so far as that." Here follow tbe name of the steward, and the words " probatum mores Domine omnipotentias kominum ." The envelope has the following inscribed on it : "Ship Rifleman — Treatment received (on) the hands of Captain J. G. Longmuir.— Memoranda personel." Krauss, while reference was being made to letters having been found in his pantry in several languages, said that lie could speak and read and write seven with ease. One paper was shown which contained memoranda in some half dozen languages— among which were entries in Latin, Italian, German, French, Dutch, and English. The memos, ia Latin referred to the treatment of a black seaman for a tuberculous disease; the English are notes of disbursements of stores ; one of the French memos, is to the following effect : — u On the morning of the 19di February we passed the Cape de Verde Islands; all sees well." The memos, in German are the following detached sentences The longest day has an end. O Lord, into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail ; at times headache comes from much growling. Those who fall into the wolves' den must hold with them. "The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on the case seems to bo the most importan- of all, is without date, and to the following effect: — " There has been a very great row (oaruffa grandissima) with the captain, (described as Signor il capitano) (Humiliation — Bassameuto r) who struck me a blow on the l ead. Tae whole thing arose out of nothing at all on my part de serving of each treatment." This extract will show that at the time it was written, Krauss was brooding over a blow received from the oapisiu. Ail the memos in the several languages have been written in a remarkably neat hand. They seem to have been written at different times, the LOG. It may be worth while to narrate one or two if the references in the logbook, although they can- cot all be said to have any strict bearing on the proceedings of the inquest. Soon after going on deck at 4 o'clock to take charge of tbe watch, Ml. Morgan states that be noticed a light in tbe captain's cabin, but loek no particular notice of it, as Captain Longmuir bad been complaining of having hie face burnt with the sun, and had had wet bandages on it, and be concluded that he bad the light in his cabin to enable him to change the bandages. About twenlv minutes to 5 o'chek the light had disappeared ia tbe cabin, and about 5 o'clock the steward, as was usual when he was on the watch, brought him a cup of coffee. Tbe msto then walked aft, when the man at the wheel said to him (the chief mate) that there must have been something the matter with the grog tbe crew had got on the previrus night, as all the hands had been bad and vom t.ng during the night. Five minutes afterwards the steward came to him and told him that the captain wanted him. Then follows the account of the assault on him by Krauss, and of the struggle, until, with assistance, he was secured and removed. On removing the covering from the captains bunk, Mr. Morgan states that his face was quite purple, and that there was a cut over the right templa 5in. in length and very deep, which, it seemed to him, must have caused death. During the same day they had the body of the captain washed and placed in a cask of spirits. The boatswain, during the scuffle ia the c bin, was shot in the neck, but it was found that the wound was not a dangerous ene. .... Oa searching the steward's pantry after the occurrence, the chief officer found a box of cartridges which were his (Mr. Morgan's) property, and several papers and letters in different languages, ar well as a letter in English enclosed m an envelope, in which refer ence was made to ill treatment received from the captain, and in which the writer says he supposed he might avenge himself in tbe best way he could. On inquiring in the morning he found that Borne of the men had been s ck and vcmiting during the night, and caused some of the grog (about which the complaints had been made) to be put away. Entries following referred to complaints of some of the cuddy passengers as to perceiving a strange taste in Eome drinks supplied to them, and to the steward having pressed a passenger to drink in one instance. Several of the seamen and passengers were examined, and at the conclusion the jury imme- diately aiuer rtcarnea a veruicc oi wuiui murucr. The Coroner then told Krauss (who had been directed to stand up) that it was his duty to com mit him to take his trial at the present Criminal Sessions on a charge of wihul murder. Krauss : Thank you, sir. I am much obliged to you for your kindness in allowing me to have a seat during the proceedings, and while I am ill. I have nothing more to say. The Coroner said he had been anxious to get the inquest over in time for the present Criminal Sessions. If the trial of Krauss did not come on at the present sessions, it would not do so for about four months, the result of which would be that the witnesses from the Rifleman would have to be detained until that time. Krauss, to Coroner : I beg your pardon. Will I be allowed to have a legal adviser ? The Coroner said that if he were in a position to engage legal advice, he had a perfect- right to do so. If he were not in that position, he cou d ask on his trial to have counsel assigned to him. 