AFTERMATH.* IT is a quarter of a century since, in one of his prose pieces, distinguished according to one of the first of modern critics by its purity of tone, tenderness, and picturesque simplicity, that Mr. Longfellow taught his fellow countrymen that a national literature was not the growth of a day-- and that all literature was the result of culture and intellectual refinement. There was then ap- parently a prevailing impression among young American writers that their country was to pre- sent to the world works of genius as stupendous as the physical features of the continent, and that they were to have a national literature "commen- surate with their mountains and rivers--com- mensurate with Niagara and the Alleghanies and the great lakes."+ They wished particularly to be free of their intellectual service to the mother country--to have their apprenticeship completed \--and set up for themselves with a splendour of stock and shop fittings that would shame the old humdrum people at home. And they naturally looked to their distinguished countryman who then for more than twenty years had been known as one of their most accomplished men of letters as a fitting leader in this movement of literary independence. With them, however, and with their aspirations, his sympathies were about as faint as would be those of the Count de Chambord with the gentlemen of the Paris Commune--or the Marquis of Salisbury with the eloquence and political programme of Mr. Brad- laugh. Unlike the politicians of America, who are never reluctant to disparage the glory and greatness of the mother-country when the votes of fanatics are to be caught only by loathsome abuse, the American men of letters are never weary of acknowledging their immense and invaluable obligations to England. "Westward," said Mr. Longfellow, "from hand to hand we pass the lighted torch, but it was lighted at the old do- mestic fireside of England." And in the de- lightful book to which we have referred he points out, in the kindliest and most delicate satire of the school which was about to found a literature as vast as the Mississippi, and to borrow his own words, "that shall strike the earth like a herd of buffaloes thundering over the prairies," that he has not yet heard of the names of any great poets who have come down from the summits of the Andes or the Himalayas, or the Mountains of the Moon, in Africa. "All that is best," he observes, "in the great poets of all countries is not what is national in them, but what is universal. Their roots are in their native soil, but their branches wave in the unpatriotic air that speaks the same language unto all men; and their leaves shine with the illimitable light that pervades all lands. Let us throw the windows open; let us admit the light and air on all sides, that we may look towards the four corners of the heavens, and not always in the same direction." In perfect agreement with his teaching has been his life. It is now only a little less than fifty years since he won the Professorship of Modern Lan- guages in his Alma mater (Bowdoin College), and went for three years and a-half through England, France, Spain, Germany, Holland and Italy, to fit himself the more thoroughly for the duties of his office. Six years after his return to the United States, he succeeded the distinguished historian of Spanish literature (Mr. Ticknor) in the Professorship of Belles-Lettres in Harvard College; and again he made a pilgrimage to the Old World, ard resided for some time amidst the lovely scenes in many lands to which his genius has added new beauties and fresh associations for future pilgrims. It is nearly twenty years since he left his chair at Harvard, and surrendered himself exclusively to the delight of literary composition. And now we have within the past two months the latest gleanings of his genius from the fields which have given such abundant harvests to the world. The last mail has brought us the third part of the "Tales of a Wayside Inn--told at the ancient hostelry of the Red Horse, built, as the prelude of the first part ++ says * * * "in the old colonial day When men lived in a grander way, With ampler hospitality." We have again the landlord, and the gentle scholar with his love of the twilight that sur- rounds the border land of old romance,--the Italian exile from the land ruled by King Bomba \--the Spanish Jew of Alicant, "vendor of silks and fabrics rare and attar of roses from the Levant"--the theologian, the poet, and the musician--that fanciful society which met and told stories of Jewish legends and Spanish superstitions, and the Saga of King Olaf, round the great fire, while "The singing chimney chanted low The homely songs of long ago." The scene opens with a tale of the Spanish Jews, from the Talmud. King Solomon is walk- ing before his palace gate with a Rajah of the realms of Hindustan, and suddenly the angel of death, "the angel men call Azrael," floats in the twilight air, and the Rajah supplicates the King to save him. * * * Lest he should come near And speak to me and take away my breath, Save me from Azrael, save me from death! O! King that hast dominion o'er the wind, Bid it arise and bear me hence to Ind." And the King uplifts his hand, and his signet ring of chrysoprase flames out, and a mighty wind arises and carries away the prince who feared death. "His shining garments streaming in the blast, A silken banner o'er the walls upreared, A purple cloud, that gleamed and disappeared." Then death, whose appointment with the un- happy Rajah was not at the palace of Solomon at all, but in the Rajah's own house, whither he had miraculously fled for safety, remarks with grim humour to the Jewish king-- "If this man Be Rajah Runjeet-Sing of Hindostan, Thou hast done well in listening to his prayer; I was upon my way to seek him there." To dissipate the horror of this ghastly legend the Sicilian plays on the spinnet's rattling keys an air . . . "like a breeze From Naples and the Southern seas That brings us the delicious scent Of citron and of orange trees, And memories of soft days of ease At Capri and Amalfi spent." And the poet sings of an earthly angel of death \--a mortal Azrael--a tale of Charlemagne and the King of the Lombards,--and the student softens the hard Iines of the picture of the con- queror by a monkish legend from mediæval Latin prose! This is the exquisite story of "Emma and Eginhard," which will bear favourable com- parison with any of the sweetest pieces in "The Voices of the Night," or in the translations from the Swedish, in which the "Children of the Lord's Supper" first appeared. The image of Charlemagne in history had always a strange fascination for Longfellow, who in one of his early sonnets thus in apostrophising autumn, hints at the German tradition that in seasons of great abundance the spirit of the Emperor crosses the Rhine on a golden bridge at Bingen and blesses the corn-fields and the vineyards. "Thou standest like an imperial Charlemagne Upon the bridge of gold, thy royal hand, Outstretched with benedictions o'er the land, Blessing the farms through all thy vast domain." This is the first part of the "Student's Tale." "When Alcuin taught the sons of Charlemagne, In the free schools of Aix, how kings should reign, And with them taught the children of the poor How subjects should be patient and endure, He touched the lips of some, as best befit, With honey from the hives of Holy Writ; Others intoxicated with the wine Of ancient history, sweet but less divine; Some with the wholesome fruits of grammar fed; Others with mysteries of the stars o'erhead, That hang suspended in the vaulted sky Like lamps in some fair palace vast and high. * AFTERMATH, by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Lond.: 1873\. + Kavanagh--A Tale--By H. W. Longfellow, Bost.: 1849. ++ Tales of a Wayside Inn. First part. 1864. In sooth, it was a pleasant sight to see That Saxon monk, with hood and rosary, With inkhorn at his belt, and pen and book, And mingled love and reverence in his look, Or hear the cloister and the court repeat The measured footfalls of his sandaled feet, Or watch him with the pupils of his school, Gentle of speech, but absolute of rule. Among them, always earliest in his place, Was Eginhard, a youth of Frankish race, Whose face was bright with flashes that forerun The splendours of a yet unrisen sun. To him all things were possible, and seemed Not what he had accomplished, but had dreamed, And what were tasks to others were his play, The pastime of an idle holiday. Smaragdo, Abott of St. Michael's, said, With many a shrug and shaking of the head, Surely some demon must possess the lad, Who showed more wit than ever schoolboy had, And learned his Trivium thus without the rod; But Alcuin said it was the grace of God. Thus he grew up, in Logic point-device, Perfect in Grammar, and in Rhetoric nice; Science of Numbers, Geometric Art, And lore of Stars, and Music knew by heart; A Minnesinger, long before the times Of those who sang their love in Suabian rhymes. The Emperor, when he heard this good report Of Eginhard much buzzed about the Court, Said to himself, "This stripling seems to be Purposely sent into the world for me; He shall become my scribe, and shall be schooled In all the arts whereby the world is ruled." Thus did the gentle Eginhard attain To honour in the Court of Charlemagne; Became tho sovereign's favourite, his right hand, So that his fame was great in all the land, And all men loved him for his modest grace And comeliness of figure and of face. An inmate of the palace, yet recluse, A man of books, yet sacred from abuse Among the armed knights with spur on heel The tramp of horses and the clang of steel; And as the Emperor promised he was schooled In all the arts by which the world is ruled. But the one art supreme, whose law is fate, Teo Emperor never dreamed of till too late. Home from her convent to the palace came The lovely Princess Emma, whose sweet name, Whispered by seneschal or sung by bard, Had often touched the soul of Eginhard. He saw her from his window, as in state She came, by knights attended through the gate; He saw her at the banquet of that day, Fresh as the morn, and beautiful as May; He saw her in the garden, as she strayed Among the flowers of summer with her maid, And said to him, "O Eginhard, disclose The meaning and the Mystery of the rose;" And trembling he made answer: "In good sooth, Its mystery is love, its meaning youth!" And then there is the stolen meeting in the tower, as in Robert Browning's beautiful drama of "The Blot on the 'Scutcheon;" and while the lovers lingered, the palace courtyard became white with snow, and the knight asked his lover in alarm how he could hide the fatal line of footprints leading from her door, and none re- turning. She bears her lover upon her shoulders-- "And as she passed across the lighted space, The Emperor saw his daughter Emma's face." He summons his council, tells the story, and asks for advice. His advisers answer death or banish- ment. But the mighty sovereign is tender as well as terrible, and resolves to bless the lovers. And exclaims-- "Over those fatal footprints I will throw My ermine mantle like another snow." "The Theologian's Tale" is a Quaker love story, and as delicate and as pure as such a story should be. "Every Quakeress," said Charles Lamb, "is a lily; and when they come up in bands to their Whitsun conferences, whitening the easterly streets of the metropolis, from all parts of the United Kingdom, they shine like troops of the Shining Ones." Elizabeth is one of the school of the early Quakers--of Naylor and of Woolman-- and her love is marked by the old heroic qualities of her sect-- courage, immense patience, un- speakable tenderness. The story is a picture perhaps of Quaker life in the States--of that constancy, contempt of the world and its opinions, scorn of expediency, which have made men love and reverence them who loved and reverenced little else; and which have brought to their knees enemies as insolent as "the reeling sea ruffian," in Elia's exquisite sketch, who came to curse, and received "in a moment a new heart, and presently sat as a lamb amidst lambs." The Landlord's Tale of "Sir Christopher Gar- diner, Knight of the Holy Sepulchre from Merry England over the sea," is a most humorous sketch, of one of the early and dissolute scamps who escaped from the inconveniences of English society and inflicted his fashionable vices and raffishness upon the old Puritan society--who, in the language of the landlord, * * * * "stepped upon this continent As if his august presence lent A glory to the colony." But in those happy days governors were empow- ered to send out their warrants signed and sealed and take such gentlemen, and in a summary manner ship them away in vessels that sailed from Salem Bay. And as this gallant cavalier who lived at his little country seat "harbouring there a little lady with golden hair" and who had carelessly left behind, in England, two other wives, who both wrote letters to the Governor, * * * * "letters of such a kind As made the Governor hold his breath; The one imploring him straight to send The husband home, that he might mend; The other asking his instant death As the only way to make an end"-- was shipped away to "Merry England over the sea." There is a weird and most affecting ballad entitled "The Mother's Ghost," which, the musician declares, has a tear in every line. It must be quoted in full. There is not only the inimitable human tenderness which sanctifies so many of the author's smaller pieces in this; but there is an awful simplicity and terror in the picture of that maternal love which death could not extinguish nor the grave imprison. It is the old story of the cruel stepmother, and the cowardly husband, who is the slave of a new love. Svend Dyring he rideth adown the glade I myself was young! There he hath wooed him so winsome a maid: Fair words gladden so many a heart. Together were they for seven years, And together children six were theirs. Then came Death abroad through the land, And blighted the beautiful lily-wand. Svend Dyring he rideth adown the glade, And again hath he wooed him another maid. He hath wooed him a maid and brought home a bride, But she was bitter and full of pride. When she came driving into the yard, There stood the six children weeping so hard. There stood the small children with sorrowful heart; From before her feet she thrust them apart. She gave to them neither ale nor bread; "Ye shall suffer hunger and hate," she said. She took from them their quilts of blue, And said: "Ye shall lie on the straw we strew." She took from them the great waxlight; "Now ye shall lie in the dark at night." In the evening late they cried with cold; The mother heard it under the mould. The woman heard it the earth below: "To my little children I must go." She standeth before the Lord of all: "And may I go to my children small?" She prayed him so long, and would not cease, Until he bade her depart in peace. "At cock-crow thou shalt return again; Longer thou shalt not there remain!" She girded up her sorrowful bones, And rifted the walls and the marble stones. As through the village she flitted by, The watch-dogs howled aloud to the sky. When the came to the castle gate, There stood her eldest daughter in wait. "Why standest thou here, dear daughter mine? How fares it with brothers and sisters thine?" "Never art thou mother of mine, For my mother was both fair and fine. "My mother was white, with cheeks of red, But thou art pale, and like to the dead." "How should I be fair and fine? I have been dead; pale cheeks are mine. How should I be white and red, So long, so long have I been dead?" When she came in at the chamber door, There stood the small children weeping sore. One she braided, another she brushed, The third she lifted, the fourth she hushed. The fifth she took on her lap and pressed, As if she would suckle it at her breast. ' Then to her eldest daughter said she, "Do though bid Svend Dyring come hither to me." Into the chamber when he came She spake to him in anger and shame. "I left behind me both ale and bread; My children hunger and are not fed. "I left behind me quilts of blue; My children lie on the straw ye strew. "I left behind me the great waxlight; My children lie in the dark at night." "If I come again unto your hall, As cruel a fate shall you befall! "Now crows the cock with feathers red; Back to the earth must all the dead. "Now crows the cock with feathers swart; The gates of heaven fly wide apart. "Now crows the cock with feathers white; I can abide no longer to-night." Whenever they heard the watch-dogs wail, They gave the children bread and ale. Whenever they heard the watch-dogs bay, They feared lest the dead were on their way. Whenever they heard the watch-dogs bark; I myself was young! They feared the dead out there in the dark. Fair words gladden so many a heart. The epilogue bearing the title of the book itself "Aftermath"* --is singularly graceful and pathetic. It is tinged with that sweet and un- complaining melancholy which belongs to one whose life has been so bright, and so beneficent, and whose night is so near. When the Summer fields are mown, When the birds are fledged and flown, And the dry leaves strew the path; With the falling of the snow, With the cawing of the crow, Once again the fields we mow And gather in the aftermath. Not the sweet new grass with flowers Is this harvesting of ours; Not the upland clover bloom; But the rowen mixed with weeds, Tangled tufts from marsh and meads, Where the poppy drops its seeds In the silence and the gloom. W. B. D. * Aftermath--the mowings of grass or stubble cut after corn.--Bailey. 