h t THE black and white house in the dell. JX BIX CHAPTERS.—CHAPTER M . w d l c m y 'We are in some sort related you know.' 'You forget that I am not a Fernbam-' ' Related by courtesy, then. IB this a public footpath?' 1 You of all-people should know better than that. This -is the ghost's walk.' 'The ghost's walk?' Mark Fernham repeated the words with a smile, but even then I did not care to jest about it, BO we walked on in silence to the gate, which he'held open for me. I had met bim by the red pool, and as each of us knew perfectly well who the other was, there had been no need of an introduction. But Mark waited in vain for the invita tion which I did not dare to give; and it was with some apprehension as to the result that I saw him deliberately close the gate, and walk on after me.. His apologies for intrusion were received as though they were considered necessary; my stepfather put on his most impenetrable - exterior, and Martha's face grew bitter beyonjSl expression as she condescended, to wait upon ns at the dinnertable But Mark was at bis ease; he looked, talked, and acted like one who took far granted the courtesy which he knew he should have ext rpjsed himself the' circumstano^gj^ been reversed. There was something, hSwever. abont that importunate portrait behind my stepfather / which m p i m attracted bim too; he could'not help looking at it, as though some faint resemblance had Struck bim which he was endeavoring to trace out. And turning his head from one of these glances of enquiry, he oaught my stepfather's eye waicbing him. 'Is it a good likeness ?' said Mark involuntarily. •Yes.' ' He must have changed a good deal after that was taken, though.' 'Possibly.' 'It is not a pleasant portrait,' said Mark. And then he added, laughing, 'OfcourBe, you know the superstition amongst Borne of the poor pdbple round here, that he is not dead after all, but may come back any day to astonish the world?' The fingers of the housekeeper paused for a moment in their task ; the heavy eyelids were raised, and a single flash came from under tbem; it was directed towards my stepfather. There was that sodden nervous glance of his over his shoulder, and bis face had turned a sickly yellow. ' Ihey are very wise,' be said with an ™ort. «1 he boy that left them twenty years ago would be scarcely recognisable here now, if he were alive.' 'I have heard it talked about,' said •"lark. 1 He went away as soon as he was of ag P> I think f ' Yes.' And then my stepfather changed the ^oject, and his manner changed with 1 ,, grew eager and iexoited; he wlked fast, and his fingers moved rest- JesBly and clasped each other, as though ; u ®y would keep steady that constant pitching of his head in the direction ot tne portrait. I went away to .my own room; and j r c m behind the curtain, I watched / ark fernham as he passed slowly W? ^ough foe' shrubbeiy, looking at-the windows with a discontented On i,—= I watched him woody lawn. I thought it gethat he seemed so.studiously to ! every step ofthe ghost's walk. I saw im stop under the silver willows; andlt hen I drew back into the solitude, o hich was already lightened of half, its t reariness. I had seen one out of the iving, world; words of unaccustomed onsideration came back and touched e with the consciousness that I was oung, and in the future that lay before e, hope bad yet power to paint bright ictures. This man, who was like others, had roused me as I was sinking nto the pattern of Kaventree. Life ight not always. be what it was then ; and in the mean time, - 1 must find something to do that would keep me from Full of these thoughts, I went to bed, and slept. I was roused suddenly, and totally. In my room, all was quiet; the window remained slightly open, as I had left it, and the stars were shining: it was the old story of the ghost's walk—the shuffling footsteps down the gallery, the see- saw of the phantom hand on the wall, and then the steps dying away in the distance. I followed them in my imagination to the coppice, along 'the dreary walk under the raven's tree, and to the red pool. I measured the tramp, tramp of the steps, .counting the time they would take to reach the pool,'and wondering if, they would come back again. But the night wore on, and I heard no more of them. I thought if ever I saw Mark Fernham again, I would tell him this, and hear what he thought of it; and then out of a far-oft world into which I had wandered before, not so long ago, came other fancies and other dreams to cover and hide with fresh-springing fragrance the grave of the dead. 1-did see Mark Fernham again, but I neyer spoke of the ghost; something always drove the subject back, if it occurred to mei. Mark himself was so full of vigorous life, that it seemed to me as if he. would have no sympathy with what lie might call fancies. ' You think it dreary,' he said one day, looking round more gravely than k usual, ' and so perhaps it is for you now. But consider how long the place has been neglected. The man living in that cottage,' he added, pointing to the gardener's little white mansion, ' could tell you of a time when Raventree was gay enough. And so it might be again. It is capable of immense improvement.' 'It is not the place, so much as' 'Well?' 'Talk about something else. You would only call me idle, and laugh at me.' Mark turned round suddenly with a vexed look on his face, but he did not speak. 'Idid not mean exactly that you would laugh at me,' I said, • but simply that you would not understand the dismal loneliness of my life at Raventree.' ' Is it so lonely ?' ' Strong men like you have little toleration for a woman's fancies. But don't let us talk any more about that; I want to ask you something. Do you think it possible that there is any foundation for that superstition or supposition respecting—my step father's cousin?' ' Foundation; certainly not.' ' flow did he die, and where V ' He was last heard of as embarking on board a vessel which never reached its destination. He was a desperate fellow, which, being interpreted, would, I fancy, mean a scamp—-mad after adventures of all sorts, lawful or otherwise. Why are you so much interested about him." ' I don't know that I am, but his portrait worries me. I never go into thai room without meeting those fierce eyes fixed upon me.' Mark looked at his watch without answering, and said he must go. His visit was by this time a thing of daily occurrence, but he rarely came any fur- her than the garden; and if he did ccasionally stand a few minutes inside he hall-door, it was with a face that shewed his full perception of my stepfather's incivility. I had taken to busy myself amongst the shrubs and flowers, and persuaded myself that in my new contentment I had found only the reward of industry. But the day after that conversation, I did not fork; we had both been watching the buds of a new flower which/Mark had given me, and when I went to lookat it that morning,I found two full, brilliant blossoms. I gathered one, and rap down to the gate, when I saw him coming, to shew it to him. But he was.absent and strange; be took very little notice of me or of the flower.; and when I drew back disappointed to let him pass, he went on straight into the house. By the time he came out again, I was back amongst the flowers, wondering whatl had done, and whether he would go away without speaking to me; andl would not look up when he came across the lawn slowly, and stood watching me. 'I have been bidding my kinsman good-by,' he said, kicking away a weed which my lazy fingers hadju6t uprooted. * Are you going, then ?' |Mark thrust his hands into his pockets, and looked at me, biting his lip. f Yes, I am going away.' : Because I did not know exactly what toido, or how to hide the fact that this was unexpected and unwelcome, I began walking along the path towards the gate of the shubbery, by which he would haye to go -out. Mark moved on also, and we reached the gate in silence; then he turned, and leaned his back against it/ ' ' > • 'I have been in the neighborhood just a. month/ said be, 'and it is a miserable thing to go away now. I wish I: wasn't going.' ' Why do yon go?' ' Because I am not my own master.' ' Yon spoke of my stepfather as year insman; I don't know what the relationship is.' ' ' And it does not matter,' returned Mark impatiently. ( The relationship is distant; but because lam tbe next heir he hates me, according, I suppose, to oaBtom in such cases.' ' He is getting an old man, and does not like strangers.' 'Old!' repeated Mark; 'and strangers! »It is bard .that you .should call me a stranger.' As he said this I saw the hall door open, and my stepfather come out and stand in it. Mark saw him too, and turned to tne quickly. 1 He doeB not like to see me here; he gradges me even this. Well, we will not irritate him. We are friends, you and I, are we not ?' ' I hope so.' 'I would not have called you a stranger,' said Mark, reverting to the word bitterly; 4 1 would Never mind, This much, however, I will ask. Your stepfather has given me no invitation to his house; he has been barely civil to me ; but if I come into the neighbor- 1 hood again, may I see you ? Re will have no welcome for ape, I know, but nrill will you vnn ?' 1 looked from Mark to the figure of my stepfather in the doorway, and could not answer. He seized my hand for a moment with a reproachful sentence,and then dropped it, halt laughing, and said: ' Well, give me the flower, and don't forget that I taught you gardening.' That was how we parted. I did not dare to watch him through the lawns, for my stepfather was still at the door, beckoning to me. ' I don't know how it is,' he began, coming to the point at onoe as I reached him,' that Mark Fernham baB chosen to make a sort of private hotel here. You and I, Alice, are well aware of our respective positions ; I am careful for your welfare, and I deny you nothing reason- able ; but if you have taken upon yourself 10 invite any one to my bouse' I never invited Mark Fernham here,' I said quickly . 'and he is gone now ; is not that sufficient ?' ' To invito or encourage,' went on my stepfather, disregarding my interpolation, ' any one here, I tell you plainly, is forbidden. I will not bare people coming abont my house to play the spy. That is all I have to say to you, and now we understand each other ?' Seeing that be-waited for an answer, I said : ' Yes, I understand;' and he nodded to me, and went into the bouse. I felt that it was no use to argne the matter with him, or indeed with myBelf. I might have no more opportunities of encouraging visitors, even if I had wished to do it; and I had a dreary idea that things mnst take their course, whatever I might say or do. Nevertheless, foolish BB it was, I wanted to see Mark again; I wanted him to know that it was no fault of mine if be received a scanty welcome at Raventree. I thought he must know it, but for all that, I wished I had told him so in 1 words. . All through ft dismal rainy fortnight, I thought of bim, and could not hfelp myself. I went over every word of his and every gesture that I con Id remember, and I wondered at my own stupidity in not waking up before to the consciousness of 1 what 1 knew well enough 1 now. The ghost's walk was sodden and dreary, and the. mournful pit-pat of the raindrops outside my window might have passed/for the ghost's footsteps in a perpetual tramp up and down to ..keep bare; but I'had other things to think of. Tbe October sun shone out again over the lawns, and Mark Fernhaoi came back. I -knew he would come; I could not even feign surprise ; bnt yet when he really stood beside me, I dared not lift my face lest he should see tbe gladness in it, and I feared to hold out my hand because it was trembling. * I told you I should want to oome back,' said Mark; ' and now I am come,, yon won't even ehake hands.' I threw down my soiled gloves and the little garden-fork I had been playing with, and he said, watching me, .'You are glad to.see me, then ?' 'Yes, I am; bnt I ought not to be. I cannot fesk yon to stay, or even to enter the house. I ought not to be talking to you here.' * And I am a truant for your sake; I have no business here either. But I must talk to you, and I did not come to stay, or to enter the house. You know very well what I came for. I want yon to promise to be my wife—will yon?' We had been walking slowly towardsthe bouse, but when Mark said that, we both stood still by a common impulse, for there stood Geoffrey Fernbam in the very position he had taken up the day Mark went away, Mark looked at me for his answer, but I was not going to shrink from bim then, and drawing my hand within his arm, \ r 3 .1 . 1 • . v he faced liis kinsman bravely. ' If you have heard what I said, Sir. there iB no necessity for me to repeat it;, all I have to ask is your approval." My Btepfatber looked from Mark ;ta me, but there was no approval in the look. ' Alice knows that she is penniless. To what purpose would be the mockery of such a compact between you two ?' ' Mockery!' repeated Mark, reddening. - ' Take no offence where none is meant. Yon are both young, and Alice, at least,, has had no opportunity of judging you by comparison with others.' Marfc half loosened his claBp of myhand, bht I did not lake it away. * «A.h I' exclaimed my Btepfather grimly; «I see.' Suddenly a thought seemed to Btrike kim, and his manner changed to a sort ©1 nervons eagerness. , . ; « Yon ba*e no present prospi«t ! of fcsing able to marry.' 'At prespnt,' began Mark, "yon know SP well as I do ' My stepfather's face fell again, and he broke in abruptly : " Of course, I know. I bold long engagements to be not only silly, but pernicious. Having said this, I leave you both at liberty to please yourselves ; I am sorry to be oblined to add that I will do nothing to further a foolish engagement, neither can I offer you, Mark, any encouragement to come to Raven tree; you understand ? One word of warning.' Here he paused to throw that nervous glance over bis shoulder at something which had Eo existence. ' If yon are reckoning on e speedy possession here, remember that there is many a slip between the cup nod the lip, Mark Fernham, and you may drop into your grave yet, without touching a farthing of the Raventree rental. Take my advice, say good-by, SEd forget each other,' When he was gone, we walked up and down that path by the coppice silent, till Mark turned to me, and said : ' It is true that I can only ask you to wait foi me, Alice. Perhaps it is selfish in me, but then I shall have to wait myself, which is as bard. A generous man would give you back your promise, but I don't feel generous. Do you care lor me enough to wait.' 41 think I do.' • You think ? ' ' I am sure, then.' 4Ii is hard that I am never to see you. Is there no chance?' ' None.' 'But you will answer my letters ?' I promised that. The evening air grew chill, the stars began to peep out, and a pale moon looked down upon ns before Mark stopped at the shrubbery gate, opened it, pa sed through; and I went into the house alone. (To be Continued.). 