A PRESIDENTIAL DREAM OF THE FEDERATION OF MANKIND. j I t (From the Pall Mall Gazette.) THE language of President Grant's Message to Cor- i grets, in which he promulgates ideas, of each colony politan expanfiveneeB, must not be taken as a mere outburst of sensational " eloquence, such as used to rejoice American hearts in the days of those orators on whom Dickens modelled his Jefferson Brick and General Choker. The President has a meaning, as! though he may have gone a little out of his way to adorn it with high-flown expletives. The occasion of his thus expressing himself is his disappointment in not being able to carry Congress t and the nation with him in his favourite scheme for the annexation of San Domingo. There is an influential, if not a very numerous, party in the United States opposed to the extension of the dominion of the Re- public over transmarine regions and alien races. Their principles were formed no doubt, in the times of slavery which have passed by. But they deemed such extension impolitic for other political reasons with which slavery had nothing to do. By throwing their weight into the scale of the Democratic opposition, whose purpose is to thwart the President on ordinary party grounds, they have for the present succeeded in averting the contemplated measure. Not indeed wholly, for the purchase of Samana Bay, the magnificent harbour on the north-eastern coast of the island; by an American company, with exceptional privileges, is in point of fact annexation on a limited scale, which success may convert into a large one " In the first year of my administration (says General Grant a proposition was made for the admission of San Domingo into the Union as a territory. ' This proposition was not of my seeking, but emanated from the people of San Domingo. I believe now, as I did then, that it was best for the interests of this i' country and of the people of San Domingo that the proposal should be received favourably. It was, however, rejected, and was never brought up again by me. For the future, while I hold office, the subject of the acquisition of territory must have the support of the American people before I recommend it. I do not share the apprehension that there is a danger of Governments becoming weakened or destroyed by extension, As commerce, education, and the rapid transit of thought and matter by telegraph and steam have changed everything, I rather think that the Great Maker is preparing the world to become one nation, speaking ! one language-a consummation which will render armies and navies no longer necessary. I will encourage and support any recommendations of Congress tending towards such ends." More than eighty years ago the same conception sublime or absurd, as we may please to characterize "it is made its way to the surface in the surging storms of the first French Revolution. On the 19th of June, ' 1700, Anadiareis Cloots, " the orator of the human race," introduced to the Assembly his motley band of foreigners each in the costume of his country-to announce the coming affiliation of their respective communities to the regenerated French nation, and the fraternity and union of the world. Then, as Carlyle expresses it, " the sun's last rays lighted a spectacle such as our foolish little planet has not often had to show ; Anadiarais, enter- ing the august Salle de Manage with the human species at MR heels-Swedes, Spaniards, blacks, Turks, Chaldeans, Greeks, dwellers in Mesopotamia behold them all ; they have come to claim place in the grand Federation, having an undoubted interest in it." Almenareis was made much of for a day, than ridiculed as a madman for the rest of his short life, to which the guillotine put an expeditious end. But there is something prophetic when we set his premature outburst of cosmopolitanism by the side of the similar sufferings of the elected chief of America in Louis Blanc's sarcastic estimate of the poor German enthusiast's so-called madness." He had seen his dream the ocean bridged with ships, science annihilating space, splendid exhibitions of the different products of industry replacing the murderous emulation of battle-fields, an Ampbictyonic Congress substituting itself for rival and confused assemblies, the nations grouped round the same standard, a single city given to the universe for its capital. Therefore he was mad provisionally." Mad, because he saw in vision what eighty subsequent years have realized, and anticipated much which " President Grant believes will yet be realized. What, in point of fact, are the obstacles which oppose that federation of the human' race to which so many external circumstances, would seem to, tend? Certainly not mere geographical separation. The Grecian, Roman, Tartar, Chinese Empires exhibited in ages long gone by proofs how possible and even comparatively easy it was to keep together vast masses of the human race tribes which knew not each other's faces or language-under at least a common sovereignty. We English, though on a limited scale, may be said to have gone farther-, we have demonstrated the possibility of holding together fragmentary provinces, scattered in each hemisphere and every climate, not by force, but by actual community of laws and customs. In Great Britian itself, in a large pan of North America, in the Caribbean Sea and are South Pacific Ocean, the same laws are administered, the same political institutions put in action; the same fashions and customs observed, the same literature read the same worship observed. Now, with unifica- tion carried thus far already, it is idle to suppose that distance or climate could form of themselves sufficient obstacles to its being carried farther and farther, 1 What are the other prominent barriers to such a federation which present themselves to the imagina- tion ? That of diversity of language ? Probably the least effectual of any. Looking at the subject from a widely historical point of view, two things seem almost equally manifest, and equally difficult of explanation j the extraordinary facility with which great nations have at times exchanged one language for another ; and, on the other hand, the extreme tenacity with which small insulated tribes have clung for ages to the maintenance of their special dialects. The Roman conquerors found in Gaul and Spain very numerous populations speaking established languages of their own. The Romans came into those countries a mere handful of colonists, insufficient in number to make any appreciable change of race. Yet the races remaining the same, in a few centuries seven or eight at the utmost-the old tongues had entirely disappeared. The people, when and why we know not, had simply adopted that of their conquerors. Spaniards and Gauls forgot the Celtic speech and took to the Latin. Save names of places, there is scarcely a Celtic word in the popular tongue either north or south of the Pyrenees. And an American prophet, at all events, may have some colour for his prediction that what has happened before may happen again, and nations become consolidated in language as in government. His own Western States are now peopled by millions of Germans, and are gradually absorb- ing great numbers of a more secluded and less cosmopolitan w - owed -, and Norwegians. If matters adva*- at the present rate, in a few generations the will be sure Scandinavians, if not more Germans, the S side, of the Atlantic than on this. All the moon will go through the two stages first, class of presen.- ing their own languages, literature, and newspapers, for the purposes atpx dinary life, English becoming their business tongue ; secondly, that of preserving the former as matter of sentimental affection only until they gradually wear out. Will difference of religion constitute the insuperable impediment' to union We have no wish to dispute the reality or the vividness of those religious differences which stand so prominently forward as impeding the great work of modern common civilization: But it is not, we hope, profane to suspect that their practical force in dividing mankind is more imaginary than real Prieatsandipartisans.naturally.make,the most of it". It*wfefwére to follow the direction which they, * heated by stress of controversy, would give to opinion, it would seem impossible for men who differed about the procession of the Third Person of the Trinity, or about the authenticity of Anglican orders, to meet together in that great commonwealth which, in General Grant's opinion, is by-and-bye to comprehend Christian, Mussulman, and Pagan. But those are nightmare dreams only. Under the guidance of their present advisers men separated by some trifling religious diversity will not indeed unite to educate the ignorant, or to support the poor, or to pray to their common Maker. But no one ever yet heard of their refusing to join as partners in gold-fields or diamond-fields, or in companies with " limited liability ; " and they got on tolerably well together, in a political sense, either in countries like the United States, where they are left to go their own several ways, or in countries like Russia, where they are forcibly compressed by an overruling Government. Analyse the feelings of the most vehement partisans of religious discord, and we shall commonly find them made up of many insignificant ingredients-obstinacy which they cut principle ; acrimony, which they call zeal ; subserviency for the sake of peace, to the woman and the woman's priestly adviser. "How can you submit to j such dictation, knowing its extravagance ? " was the question put we think, by the late Lord Redesdale to a Romanist peer, whose liberal tendencies he well knew, but who was taking the strong Ultramontane side in some controversy at the time of Catholic emancipation. "A man must sleep," was his lord- ship's answer. It is the desire for sleep-rest from pressure and worry which makes up a very large proportion of the seeming religious pertinacity of our days of real indifference. This is not the order of motives which will really retard the unification" of the human race, if other combinations of causes should tend to promote it. But there remains one cause of dissociation far more formidable than any of these. Difference of lace-that radical difference which parts asunder the several families of human beings as distinguished by ethnology cannot be set aside and rendered insignificant by such trifling adaptations of society to new circumstances as we may conceive sufficient in the case of religion or government or language. It is scarcely possible to conceive the union of Caucasian with Negro and Malay and Turanian, except upon such terms as imply the subjugation of the one colour under the other, or such terms as apply their fusion in one through mixed marriages, or " miscegenation,'.' in the barbarous but convenient American phrase. As to the latter, it is as yet on unsettled question strange that so many thousand years of recorded, history have not determined it-whether what are called mixed races, produced by union between distinct families of men, are capable of thriving and subsisting in the long run. As to the first, the face of society must be changed, indeed, before we shall come back to a state of things in which the subordi- nation of one race to another-in simple words, slavery-is placed again on the order of the day. Such is plainly not the "euthanasia" of, modern anti-social institutions which General Grant con- templates. His belief-the fashionable belief of to-day in America is the reverse of what prevailed, there in the days of the " great domestic institution." He holds, doubtless, that with the experience of a few generations of American institutions the American negro will be tamed and polished, spiritually, into an American white. Or perhaps he believes-with an able writer in the Transatlantic Monthly-that the process is already beginning. The negroes of the South, he says, are, indeed, outwardly black and woolly as their ancestors who were imported :-" Their original physical condition remains almost unaltered, and with it many mental characteristics. Their love of display and of blight colours, their fondness for tune and the power of music to move them, their weird and fantastic belief in ghosts and spirits, in signs, omens, and charms, and many other traits, still bear witness to their savage origin. But even these are failing away, and these men are slowly, but not the less surely, becoming civilized and white." That philosopher would be a bold one, after the strange experiences through which we have gone, who should deny the possibility of such dreams being realized. But there are observers enough in whose opinion the opposite idea has developed itself ; who believe that any hope of social or political union between black and white, Caucasian and Chinese, is but a dream, and that juxtaposition in their case implies either servitude or absorption. These are speculations of the far future, which need not concern us more deeply than the predestined exhaustion of the world's supply of coal ; but they must produce some hesitation in the minds of thinkers less sanguine than Anarcharsis Cloots and General Grant. 