DEATH OF THE CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE U. S. SUPltKME COURT. ' Chief Josxice ? Chase has died of apo ploxy,'— those aro tho words of a message sent from New York on Wednesday. Salmon P. chaso has been an actor in many, events- which mako up tho history of his country-: laud during . itlie. later. years of his life ho came prominently beforo tho nation, and has always by it been hold in high esteem. Ho was born in. Cornish, Now Hampshire^ oh the 13th of January, 1808/ and studied at tho Colloge' in' Cincinnati, Ohio, ? whence I10 moved to Dartmouth Collego, Now Hampshire,: where ' ho. graduated in | 1826. ' Although' of, / ;an j old /Noiv Ham psliiro. family, h.ist career! has! ^beon con nected witii' 'Ohio'; tho ' Stato ' in ' 'which ' lie Was partly educated. He opened1 a 'soliool in' Wasliiugton, whero at the samo timo ho studiod law, taking his' place at . the bar'whon'only 22 years of age. His political career began in 1840, and was identified with; the Auti-Slavo parly in Ohio, after ho had severed his connection with tho Democratic party; ' That State. sorit him to tho Federal Senato in 1819, and from that post 1 ho was olccted, and ro-elected Governor of , Ohio. I11 1865, oii Presidont Lincoln's inauguration, he was made Secretary, ,of . tho,, Treasury., and in,' 18G1 110 was promoted to the vaoanoy on tho Supromo Bonoh'ou'Vthe ;death:pf. Chief JuBtioe Ta'nny,i tho -post' he, held at the timeof hie decease. It will bo seen' from this. brief sketch ._ that tho late Chief Justice wbb identified, from ???... the commencement with that party, the forma- , f tion of whioh was the foreronner of one of tho . great convulsions, and one of tho great subver-, ? sioni of society — tho Civil War and tho Eman cipation of Slaves in tho Southern States. In Congress, Mr. Chaso mado himself conspicuous in that growing party, moro cspocially in the great fight against tho extonsion of, ..the; Slave Boundary Lino. As a very influential'. ! T Ohio man, ho helped to carry bis State. in Lincoln's favor, by work as earnest as it was r skilful ; and, as a leader in tho political world, ' ! ,'/ ) as a statesman of repute, and as a lawyer of ' jr eminenco, the President placed him in his Cabinet as Secretary of tho Treasury. Tho difficulties which met tho Treasurer were of a ,. ',! character to lax to the utmost tho skill of tho . , , ; host financior the world ovor saw, for the inau guration of tho new Government was the signal for the Civil War a war which perhaps cost, , more money than any on record. The credit of ' tho :United States' was not good ; for, at that time .the. distinction'' was not known between -Federal credit and Slate credit, while some States , had/ by a non-fulfilment of their engage ments, lowered the financial reputation of the, Union'. The issue, too, at stake, was the disruption of tho Republic ; and in tho event of tho Bcceding Statos continuing to maintain the; ; t/-', attitude they had assumed, it was thought that l ? the Federation, being sundered, the debt con;; : ( 'tracted.nightnot.be. recognised by any section. v Tlio moment, then, of the greatest' need,... of the United States was tho moment .when,. / „ i; its credit had fallen lowest, and on Secre tary! Chase,, Revolved the duty of providing the means under tho circumstances. . ;We will not here attempt to show how ably he r, performed the task ; nor speculate on what the — effect may yet be of the system he devised on the financial future of the world. It is, how ever, curious that, as Chief Justice, ho was compelled to decide against tbe.constitutionality of: the ; Legal Tender Act he had been himself '4 ''fl instrumental in passing., There is a wide differ-. ence.between a statesman acting under the presr.i siire'of necessity, and a lawyer bringing. ,tbat ,/ni ,'! action to tho test of the Constitution ; and it, is ) J ?; very probable that ; Mr., Chase,, in President j;,, Lincoln's Cabinet, might havo urged the;adop- ; , tion of measures which ! Mr. . , Chase, : sitting , .on r tlio Supreme Bench, iniaht have decided to .be -;. .. illegal. The statesman looks ; at . the necessity for tho Act ; - as ,:? its advisability in a critical juncture; tho lawyer dismisses the circumstances, having only lo bring the act to the single test of the law ; and it is therefore probable that Mr. Chase was right in securing the passage of tlio Legal : Tender ' Act/ and was also right when he. pronounced '. that /Act to 'be - t 'i un- Constitutional. The chief episode 1 with which Mr. Chase will bo most intimately asso- ' ciated was the trial of President' Johnson beforo the, Federal Senato, presided over by the -Chief !' Justice. His conduct of that great case was ap- ' ? ' proved by the' nation, though it brought upon ' him 'the censure of his party at the time, and it — is probable' that his well- known opinion exerted an iriQuence in the verdict ofacquittal pronounced by the .Senate. It is also, probable , that - the- ? , attitude of Mr! Chase on the Supreme Bench/arid especially on that occasion, led a strong section of the Democratic party to advise his nomina tion by, its Convention as the Democratic can- / ??'! didato for the Presidency . ?' The' belief was widely - entertained' in 1SG8, when the .Convention met in New York, that he would receive the nomi nation ; and it was only by a surprise sprung on the Convention that the arrangement was de- ' - feated, and Governor Seymour named in, his, : 1 stead, Thero are those who still hold,, that , , // the change was . fatal to. Democratic success;' . ' - and tho mistako became so apparent to ? tho rank and file of the party, that perhaps it secured ;; at the next election for Horace Greeley the sup port of the Democrats., - It was the same notion which had induced' so .many!, to! turn to - Mr. - Gliase, that induced thein afterwards to turn w to' Mr. Greeley, that by fusing into their ranks fal : seotion of tho idiBContented Liberals- .1 » ,' they might defeat the regular Republican ticket. !Tlie Chief! Justioe-desiredj above all things, to- become President , of r,the United 'States,' and it. was doubtless^a bitter, ,disap-; r V pointment -to hini i wlien that cliauce passed ? away. .His' health . broke soon after ; ^and not?,, . ;n withstanding the tender nursing of his daughter,-; ' ,; -.i , Mrs'. Sprague, and the care taken of him by his, ; \ ? numerous frionds, 'Mr. Chase has/;after several;,: ? severe attacks,1 at last succumbed -.-in his., 65th , .?,«» year. ' He will be known 1 as a /lawyer, as,a. ..\; i statesman, arid as a financier. But lie; will alsoii ? r;; bo known aB an author. Among his- works arot; a History of the State of Ohio ; -and an edition-, ? j,,/ of tho Ohio Statutes, with .Annotations.; His n.i.m loss will bo felt as a man of honor, of,;unsulliod !:m.) reputation, of; dignity, and of great capacity ; and lie leaves ono of, the highest posts, vacant, which it may riot bo found easy to fill.' , A® Stranqh S'iouY.— The head of a woll. . .. known Melbourne firm (says tho' Melbourne t ! Daily Telegraph of June 18) sends, us the fol- j lowing, narrative, every word of which lie ?, , vouchos is ' strictly true — ' Very extraordi nary things havo from time to time 'been said -a. and written on the subject of ghosts.' I myself .?J. have read and heard of thousands'of instances', ' to all appearances woll authenticated ; but never ? . \ have I had tho fortune, good or bad, to bo ' brought face to face with 0110. However, facts L aro stubborn things ; and I offer the following ' facts for the acceptance of your readers. On . . Saturday afternoon, tlio 14th instant, I was, on !. my way home from business, in company with a gentleman. Tho time was as nearly .as.posi Bible six to ton minutes past. 6.. Wo woro paB- , sing along Spring-street, on tho opposite side of .? tho Princess' Trcatro, and about opposite to . ' A that building, when I suddenly imasined that I 1 ..! wus on the point of running against somo'object . ' which was crossing tho footpath from tho fence / to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent ' striking. I observed the extraordinary appear- _ ' aneo pass across my path, and, as it. were, com- ? pletely in tho way of niy friend, who was Walking on my left hand. Ho instantly-' '[ stopped, and also placed his bauds out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonish- ' merit we: -watched. .the a'ppe#iiii4ce'*f(-r'p8rh'dpB,?f''^ four seconds, when it completely yauished. 1^ ? ? may add that tlio nearest person in ffout was': some little distance 'oii, and. there was rio'persoa for some distanco behind. The oppearance \vas ; of a vory peculiar grey transparent nature.-. I could not. for tho life of mo say the form it took. ^ Tho suddbnridss of its appearing and disappear-, ? , ing, coriplod' with the unusual start which. the » ?? ' all'air gave to both of us, would account- for tho.-,-:'L want of a closer examination.' A few- words iti : conclusion. - On - Sunday, ; 15tb, toe J following -4^. day, X n'as passing tho spot, only this time oil ;:, ,L the top of 'an omnibus/w'heri^I'jpointed/to the i /yij place; arid mdntioridd! the'! faot io tbd'driver; .whotifi^a ? ? told mo that, another gentlemen/about u nionth., 1 ?;! or bix weeks ba'ct/'had stated 'that he came iboltK. up; against t8omebody or something at-that very spot, and tliat hb'shoutdd; dut tb it/^ Nowithen,' .-?*. mind where: you're' ''doming/' when the also wasi hn.-. soiriewhat' ~ startlo'd* ?? to ???? see! 1 tho -% appearance., suddenly disappear.' . .-.? ? ? ^he,'!^-TMi-bt(({attM . de ? Paris\'M.jB work'jof a *B'dnsatiqnal charactor is announced as L aboutp'tb^' ^ appear %|Bliortly,i '.under j'tlio* title' lof'J' ? ?? Oottnf'^ie. la'-Cltiapeno'wlio'has1 alreSdjr VfMtfeSi* sovovalt papers,, on tlio, disastrous lperiotfof'i8yo ,.)lvr and '1871, 'is tatsupovintend the pas'sagV o'ftliis V new work through the press.' ' -- -1 1' A TJiLEaiiAii:? has boen .received by Mr. Gaze/ -,/' anriounqing ..tlio ,sufo arrival lit Jorusalem'of.his^t'.-, ! sovoiith party of Eastoriijtravellors. The(twerity- 1 , .five touriBts forming tho party wero in* exceMent'^'? , ' . ' health, and in , the . ;onjoyment .of, ; splendid .-.v- - weather. r , ' ' ' * r, , . , . - ~ A OArrriL Listbnee.— 'Tho'-* Auditor-Gene- raJi llTI/..,v P-, !K I. II & aaWtlAS »JU i Jwsti'iisbaQ s -* _ * *» 