HUNTING A SHADOW. BY M. E. K. OHAWIIB XI. Yiojognrs's untiring energy was amongst her strongest weapons But Arthur's right to her undivided attention was about to be disputed. It was getting towards the hour for morning visited, and the first of these was, to Arthur's extreme annoyance, Lord Wilcox. In he came, he whiskers and his hair in a state of perfection, his cambric handkerchief as scented with musk erecting white glistening teeth and jewelled hand displayed with the same consummate foppery And truly, if there was a fog on earth Arthur thought that for was Francis, John Wilcox. Arthur rose, and bowed stiffly , then, on the "lea of indisposition, retreated to an easy chair at the further end of the room, and did not trouble himself to join in the conversation There was no one on earth no less wished to see than this lord That one interview in the opera house Arthur thought was enough to place a side between them for over He began to feel jealous and excited even as he sat and looked at him and listened to his frivolous conversation. Only to hear him Fmo words drop from his mouth like jewels. His adjectives are enough to set all the other parts of speech against him. Arthur wonders where he comes from, and why such a puppy need have Delighted to ECO you looking SO charmingly this morning, Miss Ferrars. Suffered no fatigue, 1 hope Delicious music, exquisite opera!" And he curled his whiskers neatly round his finger What does he know of the opera ?" grumbled Arthur in his corner " He was far too much occupied with his own dainty person Upon my word, this scent of music is enough to make one faint " Arthur was getting yellow already. With the musk ? That is the question you will be at Lady Dashwood's ball of course, continued the dandy, wholly upon ; ous of the contemptuous glances directed at him from the corner, "it will be a perfect galaxy of beauty "You will be there, I suppose, my lord?" said Victorine, smiling Oh, certainly," he replied " I always was worshipper at the shrine of beauty I shall certainly be there And of switched his bright 1 the boots with his cane " Talking of beauty," he continued, " did you see that Venus who condescended to come down from the Olympian 1 eights and visit the opera house the other evening ?" Your language is too classical, my lord," said Victorine, laughing "I cannot under stand it ' Did you not see her ?" he asked " Oh, shows marvellous ' Venus herself could hardly compare with her Such a stately creature ' Such a-" He stopped and eyed Arthur with some degree of alarm " I do not like the looks of that gentleman in the corner," he continued, in a whisper , " is he quite right-hero, you know ?" and he tapped his forehead with the handle of his cane Oh, yes, perfectly right," replied Victorine, in a low tone Pray go on, my lord I like ! hear a handsome woman well described," Well, then," said he, " she was so majestic, so graceful and her eyes so large and blue HcaToufl, what eyes ! June's were nothing to them and her hair ' You have heard of golden ha r-this lady's- ' Stu) ' ' cried Arthur, starting up in his chair, and fixing his eyes on Lord Wilcox with a wild news that was, to say the least of it, rather appalling " Who talks to me of golden hair and a majestic form ? Do you know of whom you are speaking ?" Dear me, hope no offence, sir'" said Lord Wilcox "Upon my honor know nothing of the lady except that her name was Sturefiold yes, Starefiold-extraordinary name for such a a-won't say it again, sir, on my honor win- not, and the little terrified lord bowed himself nearly to the door " Because she is dead," said Arthur j " dead, for all her golden hair and majestic form. For all else walks and moves, and you can almost hear the trailing of her garments, and see the heaving of her bosom. She is dead 1-1 have seen her dead !" he repeated, and he walked up and down the room violently excited. "I have not the slightest doubt of it, sir," said Lord Wilcox, meekly, and clutching his bat between both his hands. " Miss Ferrara very sorry have an engagement long past the time very sorry delighted to see you looking so charmingly. Your most humble obedient sor- tant, Mr. Leslie, and with a profound obeisance to Arthur, he backed towards the door, Victorine followed Lord Wilcox into the library. " I am most grieved at what has occurred, my lord," said Viotorine. " I assure you-" "Ah! Miss Ferrars-most distressing case! A maniac, is he not?" said Lord Wilcox, and in teeth chattered with fright. "No, not so bad as that," replied Victorine. "He is a young artist, who once took the portrait of a lady after she was dead, and fell in love with her. He fancies She appears to him occasionally, and after these apparitions he is Ter- much excited. It is an extraordinary CBBO." "Door me," said her companion, " most unsafe ! Ought to have a keeper. Bedlam is the only place for a man who sees ghosts." " His father was a very old friend of mamma's, so we feel some degree of interest in him," continued Victorine. "It was thought change of scene would do him good, but I am afraid it has not effected much at present." " And does he go about loose ?" asked Lord Wilcox, with some anxiety. * ' " Oh, he is quite harmless," replied Victo- rine j '? you need not be afraid of him in the least." " Well, I-I am no coward, confound me if I aB," said Lord Wilcox, " but really this sort of thing is very unpleasant. Maniacs-" " He is not a maniac. It is only a move """in," [aid Victorine, quickly. "It is all the same thing," replied Lord "Wilcox, shrugging his shoulders. "I cannot say that I mo maniacs of any kind, Good heavens, Miss Ferrars! there he is coming! What will become of us ?" You need be under no anxiety, began Victorine. 'No, no! do not let him in!" cried Lord Wilcox, darting forward to the door, and turn- ing the key. " There, at all events, we are safe at the present," he added. "I have great horror of mad people, Miss Ferrars. The very "8st of them makes my blood run cold I and a generous lunatic like Mr. Le-He-kwk!" said he, and he retreated as far from the door as he could get." " Let me in, Victorine are you there ?" said Arthur on the outside j " and is that odious lord gone ?" "Do you hear that whispered Lord Wilcox, under his breath. " He is like all the rest of them-takes a violent dislike lies in wait murders who knows P Oh, I am a lost man '" "Hush, my Lord '" said Victorine. " Arthur is UB feeble as a child from recent illness.' "Who are you whispering to, Victorine?" said Arthur. " Bless me, what a trail of musk that puppy boys left behind him Why do you not open the door, Victorine P" " Pray do not, Miss Ferrars, have some com- passion," cried Lord Wilcox, holding her back " I assure you, my lord, there is not the slightest danger," said Victorine "I insist on knowing who you are whisper- ing to, Victorine, and why you are locked in?" cried Arthur, shaking the door in his irritation. " He will burst it open in a minute," said Lord Wilcox. OF ' what will become of me ? Is there no way out ?" " There is an outlet through that door, replied Victorine ; " but it is locked, and I have not the key." " And is there no place where you could hide me?" said Lord Wilcox " I do not mind where " "There is a closet, my lord, if you, an English nobleman, do not think foul scorn of getting into it," said Victorine, with some disdain. " What is that about a lord? Are you going to hide any one in the closet, Victorine ?" Bald Arthur, again shaking the door, and getting more and more impatient. " Arthur," said Victorine, coaxingly, " go back into the drawing room, will you? It is not convenient for me to open the door this minute." " Who have you with you ?" he asked. " Not any one," she replied, " it is your fancy. " I am writing a letter of business, and do not wish to be disturbed " " I should not disturb you," said Arthur. " I should only sit reading. I have left my book on the table, besides, I am sure you have some- body with you " Arthur Arthur'" She cried, how prone you are to delusions' Do you doubt my word ?" " I never had occasion before," he replied. "But I am certain I heard voices." " You are certain you see faces sometimes, are you not?" she asked. " Are you going to remind me of my misfortune ?" said he. " That is scarcely generous, Victorine " "Because, for once, Arthur, I wish to get rid of you," said Victorine. " You are hindering me in a letter of importance " " Promise me one thing," said he, " and I will go." " What is it ?" she asked. " That you will not let that odious lord in again," he replied. " Indeed, Arthur, you owe me some apology for treating my visiters so rudely," said Victo- rifle He is gone away seriously alarmed " "Others gone then?" said Arthur, much relieved " Why need he began to talk to me of Constance? Is the whole world haunted by her?" "It was not ConBtanco," said Victorine " Other women may be beautiful and have golden hair You are really very trying this morning, Arthur." " Well, well, I will go," said Arthur ; " but I am not quite satisfied, Victorine." And he went back to the drawing-room. OHAMEE XII. VlClOMNE felt excessively annoyed at the result of her morning's adventure with Lord Wilcox 2 and when Arthur son, Grace to say he wanted her, she did not hasten to him with her usual alacrity. She was irritated beyond measure, and could hardly help lotting Grace BCO it " I will come presently," said Victorine "I am busy writing a letter " " But Arthur wants you," said Grace. " Well, he must wait until I have finished," was the reply. " Arthur wait, did you say, Victorine ?" she asked, for Grace was becoming as urgent as her brother, the natural result of Victoria's compliance with every whim and caprice. "Yes, of course," replied Victorine, with a shade of irritation in her manner. " I thought the rule had always been for the gentleman to wait upon the lady, not the lady on the gentleman." " But poor Arthur IB SO ill," said Grace, " He is no rule for anybody." " This visit to town has done him a great deal of harm," said Victorine, quickly. " His brain is not strong enough for the whirl and excitement of London. I wish heartily he were safe home again for his own sake, that is to say, she added, as if afraid of going too far. " He says he is not willing to go without you, Victorine. " Ah, well," said Victorine, " we must talk that over by-and-by. His health is the principal thing just now to be considered." " What on odd thing it is that he keeps seeing that dead woman over and over again," said Grace. "How do you account for it ?" "It in the disordered state of his nerves," replied Victorine, who had taken up her pen, and was continuing to write. " Such things are not unfrequent, only they seldom happen to come under our notice. It will yield to time and management." * " I wish it would," said Grace. " I don't like him to be in this queer way. I am so afraid he should go mad." Victorine dropped her pen, and exclaimed, I' Dear Grace, how you startle me I wish you would not say such out of the way things." " Because we had an uncle once, who went mad," said Grace, " and was shut up in a "I will not hear it !" said Victorine, hastily. " It is too bad to interrupt me in this manner. Tell Arthur I am writing a letter, will you ?" "Yes, I will tell him. But what a scent of musk there is in this corner," said Grace. One would almost think that Lord-" " Oh, nothing of the kind," said Victorine. " I scented my handkerchief with it, that is all " But it seems to come out of this closet," said Grace, going into it with her nose in the air. " Dear me ! it is enough to knock you down!" " Now go, Grace, there's a good girl-do go," said Victorine. " I wonder you don't have this place turned out, and regularly seen to," said Grace, delighted to get a survey of the closet ; " it is quite shameful the state it is in ! But then, servants are all alike, all the world eyes. I with you would let me have a bout of Betting to rights. I could do it before you were up in the morning." " No thank you ; certainly not," replied Viotorine, laughing. " And here is a cobweb ! a cobweb ever so big!" cried Grace, coming out with a face of alarm. " Good gracious ! I feel all over spiders." " And beetles too, if you don't mind," said Victorine, quietly. " You had better go and deliver my message to Arthur." " Arthur!" cried Grace, bursting into the drawing-room, " Arthur ! you cannot imagine what a dirty place that library is! I wonder any one can be found to sit in at a minute. Why there is-" " Is Victorine coming ?" asked Arthur, cutting her short. " Yes, directly," answered Grace ; " she is writing a letter. But I was going to tell you-" "I am glad to hear that. She is writing a latter, then," said Arthur, as if his mind were set at ease. " Oh, yes ; but how she can in that library ! You cannot see out of the window, actually not see out of it," said Grace ; " and there is such a closet !" " What about the closet?" asked Arthur, quickly. .' Oh, it is in such a state, she replied ; " great cobwebs over SO big, and spiders, and beetles, and nobody knows what. Well, how London ladies can-" " How came you in the closet, pray?" asked Arthur. " Oh, because there was such a horrid smell of music, that I wanted to find out where it came from, Victorine said it was her handkerchief, but I did not believe it." " You ought to have believed it, then," said Arthur. "You have no right to doubt her word.' This was a little bit of unreasonableness on Arthur's part, since, only half-an-hour ago, he had been inclined to doubt it himself. " Because I know it was not her handkerchief, said Grace. "I have a nose, Arthur, as well as you," she added, roughly. " There, Grace, that will do," said Arthur, " I do not wish to hear any more." " Of course I thought Lord Wilcox might have been there," continued Grace, whose temper was getting up, like a stiff breeze at sea " that lord is hand in glove with her, now. I know very well how it will and. Any one may see that with half on one." Arthur made no answer. He was busy finishing a little sketch, and he wished, by holding his pence to be saved the trouble of requesting Grace to leave the room, his last resource in extreme cases. Ungnllunt, it is true, but absolutely necessary. But Grace could always keep the game up by herself. " They were shut up in the library ever so long this morning, said Grace ยก " I know they were, for I saw them go in." " It is false, Grace !" exclaimed Arthur, " You did not" " I did, I tell you. I popped over the barrister and saw them go in, with my own eyes," cried Grace, triumphantly. "I will not accept evidence gained SO dis- honorably, said Arthur, turning, however, rather pale. " So Grace, it comes to this, Either you must leave the room, or I do." " You may, then," said Grace. " I am not going to be hunted from pillar to post, just because you will not believe me, and I saw-" But Arthur got up and left the room, his sketch standing unfinished by the window. In the hall he met Viotorine, and was going to pass her. "Stay, Arthur," said she, " I am quite at your service now." " Thank you," said Arthur. " I should be sorry to encroach too much on your time." "What is the matter ?" said Victorine, BE finished at the coldness of his manner. " There is nothing the matter," he replied. " I am going out for a walk." And again he attempted to pass her. "Going by yourself, and looking so pale! Pray do not think of it," said Victorine, detain- ing him. You have indulged in too much already, Victorine, and the sooner I got back to my old habits of independent the better." replied Arthur, in the same cold, severe tone. " Good morning to you." And disengaging himself quietly but resolutely, he quitted the house in a paroxysm of jealousy. " It is your doing, Grace, I am sure and I insist on knowing what you have said !" cried Viotorine, appearing in the drawing-room, with flashing eyes and crimson cheeks. Grace had never seen her so excited before, and she was terribly frightened. "I ? when what do you mean?" she Beam moved, very much confused. " You have done something, or said something, and Arthur has gone off in the most excited state. And I insist upon knowing ! I will have no stabs in the dark !" cried Victorine, passionately. " I said nothing when do you mean P I have been sitting quietly here, mending my stockings. It is no good your going on at me I know nothing about it," said Grace, meekly. " What have you just now been saying to Arthur?" continued Victorine. " He was very well a minute ago, and he has seen no one but you. I am not a person to be trifled with, Grace. What was it ?" " Arthur is in a queer way, and you know as well as I do what freaks he takes into his head," said Grace, almost crying with fear. I dare say he will be all right when he comes back." " That is no answer," said Victorine. " You said something about the closet ; I see it in your face." "Well, and if I did," said Grace ; " I only said it was dirty, or something of that sort, and that it smell of musk, and was full of spiders." " Only that?" said Victorine. " No, only that indeed," cried Grace, taking a little heart, " Nothing else at all." "Nothing about Lord Wilcox?" said Victo- Fine. " Only that he always smells of musk, too,' replied Grace. " You know he does, Victorine." " " And you did not couple his name with mine in any way ?" said Victorine. Grace was silent. " Come, speak out," continued Viotorine ; did you?" I only said I did not mean to offend any body, I am Sure," replied Grace, humbly, " especially you, Victorine but I only said I thought I saw you and Lord Wilcox go into the library. I was coming down stairs at that very moment, and could not help seeing you." " And you listened at the door of said Victorine " No, no, Victorine," said Grace, blushing scarlet, and more than ever confused. " Indeed, I could not hear a word you were saying. Be- sides-" " You did listen then ?" interrupted Victorine Grace trembled violently. She had never seen Victorine look so terrible. The calm hand some face was changed into that of a fury The eyes were fierce in their expression of rage Grace was in for it now, and how she should get out of the scrape was past her comprehension She would gladly have sunk into the earth. " Now, Grace, listen to me," said Victorine, in a tone of suppressed passion , " if you dare, on any pretext whatever, to meddle or make strife between Arthur and me, or to watch and pray, or do anything of the kind, you will make me your deadliest enemy, and I will take my revenge, on you where you may or what you may. So now, is it to be peace or war ?" " I am sure I am the most innocent person in the world, and never meant any harm to any body," cried Grace, utterly confounded, and bursting into tears. " I do not want to be any one's enemy -I-I-" There that IS enough. And if I hear a single word-and Arthur will repeat everything you say to me, thon-why-you shall see what it is to trifle with me and my happiness !" said Victorine, passionately Grace began to bluster and protest, but Vio terms turned from her with an expression of contempt, and left her to mend her stockings, and patch up the piece of mischief she had con- cocted as best she could Quite enough had been said Grace was too great a coward over to venture on the same game again. She would stand in mortal dread of Victoria over after, and as for Arthur, there was a rod in pickle for her there Grace felt quite in the wars that day. Victorine was in the wars as well, and had a pretty consider able piece of diplomacy to effect before the breach could be healed But Arthur, contrary to Viotormo's expectation, and Grace's too, came back in very good spirits, and having quite ever come his onions fit " Pshaw '" he had thought to himself as he walked along, "I am I a man to be so disturbed by a piece of idle mischief making Grace lins ulna) s boon ray tormentors. But Victorine what light hare I to doubt her words to ne copt such dishonorable evidence P No, indeed I will behave as if I had not heard it Poor Victorine ' I owe her sufficient apology for my rudeness." So Arthur came back in one of his best and kindest moods, and went instantly in search of Victorine "Dear Victorine," said he, " will you forgive me I have been a very monster of cruelty) and injustice." Viotormo hold herself back a little It was more politic not to be won all in a moment. She had prepared a whole array of smiles and books to win him back, but now she throw a veil of coldness over them, and drew herself up, the very picture of a woman wronged "What am I to do to prevail on you to for- give me ?" said Arthur, greatly distressed "I can forgive you easily enough, to forget is the difficulty," replied Victorine, coldly "But you will forgot too," said Arthur, you are so kind and generous I know my offence has been heinous, but I will do my utmost to banish it from your memory Give me your hand, dearest " Victorine gave it him, but without the slightest pressure on He kissed it affectionately, and said, " Do not let the sun go down on your wrath, Victorine " "I am not angry, only hurt," She replied. "I did not deserve it, for I have tried to do my duty to you as far as I am able " " So you have" said Arthur a " you have been a very angel of goodness to me I should never find your equal in the world, Viotormo " " And yet you have almost drives me away from you," said Victorine, a tear trembling in her eye I had made up my mind a few minutes ago to start off and visit a friend in Dorsetshire If I had, you would never have Been me again " " Yes, I should," Bind Arthur. " I should have followed you into Dorsetshire or any other shire in the three kingdoms." " But you would not have been able to find me," said Victorine, half smiling, and allowing him to sit down by her side. "Yes, I should. Trust me for that! I would not have come back until I had," cried Arthur, warmly. " Ah ! it is all very fine now," said Victorine ; but the next time that poor silly top of a lord comes across you-and he is at the bottom of it, I know you will be as unreasonable never. No, I think we had better-" " Now, Victorine, do not say anything seemed less," interrupted Arthur ; " I will be as reasonable as possible. I will not even look jealous. You do not care for him, Victorine that fop, I mean ? How should you ?" " On my honor no," she replied. " How could you suppose it, Arthur ? What is there of him but his ears and his whiskers ?" "And his adjectives," said Arthur, laughing. " And his scent box," added Victorine. " I let him out through the library, as it was the nearest way, and he was so frightened at you. You cannot think what a scent of musk he left behind him." " You let him out through the library P Con- found that Grace 1" cried Arthur, loud and passionately. " Yes, did not you know that?" said Victorine. " I thought I told you, when you were hammer- ing at the door, But I was just then so busy with a letter mamma told me to write to her solicitor. I dislike letters of business more than anything." " Well, Victorine, I shall never hammer at the door again," said Arthur "I am ashamed to think of it. But is Lord Wilcox really frightened at my ? How truly ridiculous !" " Terrified beyond all measure !" She replied. He thinks you are crazy." " When does he come again ?" asked Arthur. " Never, I think," was the reply. " He is too much alarmed." "Invite him to dinner, and I will do the civil to the utmost of my power," said Arthur in the plenitude of his good resolutions. "I do not like any one to think me crazy." "And you will promise to behave well?" said Victorine. "Admirably," replied Arthur "And now let our peace be sealed, dearest." And their peace was sealed. We need not specify how. CHAPTER XIII. I Lost) Wilcox declined Mrs. Ferrars' polite invitation to dinner. But, as soon as he had sufficiently recovered from his alarm, he contrived several interviews with Victorine, when Arthur was out of the way. Victorine had insulted him, and the more he saw of her, the stronger the fascination became. No woman he had ever seen was, in his opinion, to be compared to her, except indeed the Venus be had caught a glimpse of at the opera house, and who was too much associated in his mind with Arthur's frenzy to be remembered with any satisfaction. He diligently frequented every place of amusement where he thought Victorine might be present, and every time they met, the syren bewitched him a little nearer In fact, the affair was progressing as favorably as either Viotormo or her mother could desire. The two ladies had occasional conversations on the subject after their own fashion, and in their own language I think poor dear Arthur is a great deal better," said Mrs Ferrars one day " The case looks really hopeful, does it not, Victorine?" " Unions there should be a relapse," returned Victorine, who was sorting hor Gorman wools at the table where her mother was sitting "Exactly," said Mrs Ferrars, " unless there should be a relapse. But it is sometime since he saw the phantom, or whatever else you please to call it I am sure I am puzzled enough to give it a name " " Only a 'fortnight since, mamma," returned Victorine " It is quite too soon to talk of hopefulness yet I " Well, my love, of course I wish to keep up your spirits," said her mother, " for IIB Lord Wilcox (a most excellent thing nobleman who is, ] Victorine, und admires you extremely , though, of course, that is no matter at all as affairs stand at presenters Lord Wilcox says, it is no slight charge to have a-" " Lunatic, mamma ?" interrupted Victorine " Well, my dear, those were his words," said Mrs Forrars, only I was afraid of hurting your feelings A-I need not say it again, you know in the house " "And did you drop a hint of my-I need not say the word Either," end Viotormo, smil- ing that exceedingly disagreeable smile of hers, " in his lordship's hearing ? ' "I did not think of it," replied her mother , " and it would hardly be necessary. Things are so uncertain in poor dear Arthur's state of health, and it would be unpleasant, OB I said before, to contradict one's own statement " " Very unpleasant, indeed, mamma," returned Viotormo " Do you intend to go to Lady Dashwood s ball, Victorine?" " I see no reason against it," she replied, " except that Arthur will not be able to go with me. He is not strong enough, and he does not like bulls " " There will be no difficulty in finding you an OBOort, my dear," said her mother. "There are Mr Felix and his sister-" " They are not going," interrupted Victorine. " Well, then, there are the Wentworths," continued her mother. "I cannot endure them'" exclaimed Victorine " Mrs Wentworth thinks every one who looks at her husband means to run away with him " " The LyntonB P" suggested Mrs. Forrars " Worse and worse," Bind Victorine , " be sides, Mr Lynton IS laid up with the gout, and that settles the point at once " Well, my dear, before the time comes, por hopE we may be fortunate enough to find some one who is not jealous, and who has not the gout," said Mrs Ferrars, laughing, " by-the-bye we have passed him quite over. What do you think of Lord "Wilcox? ' " He might do, perhaps," replied Victorine, drily " YOB, I really think he might," said her mother , " and he has been pestering me about this ball all the week His sister, Emily Henrietta, goes with him, and I am sure would only be too happy to chaperone you I am quite glad we just happened to think of him " Again that wintry smile Viotonno's beauty could never Stand before it. It was a detestable Birnie, as bad as a smile could be. " By the bye, Viotormo, what do you call Arthur's illness P I never can give it a name, and I have hunted the medical dictionary from beginning to end. Do you call it a nervous disorder, or a brain disorder, or what ?" " It is difficult to say, mamma," replied Vio- terms, threading her needle, and beginning to work a pair of slippers she had promised to make for Arthur. " So it is," said Mrs. Forrars ; " but I should like to know, my dear. You have consulted Dr. Bowdler privately, have you not?" "Yes, mamma." "And what doosho call it?" " He calls it derangement," replied Viotormo, quietly, and tracing out the pattern with her needle " Dorongomont ! Good heavens, Victorine I You don't mean " Just what I say, mamma. No sane person would habitually see, or fancy he saw a phantom." " is it a phantom, Viotormo ?" " He thinks it is," also replied. " It is visible to no eyes but his own, and that is characteristic of a spectre." " But you do not believe there are such things as Bpoctres, Victorine ?" " No, mamma. But I believe a person of unsound mind has moments when he positively sees them They are palpable objects to him" " My poor child ' had you not better pause, and consider ?" "I am considering, mamma; I am not a foolish, infatuated girl, madly in love, and hurried along without sense or reason I can stop when I choose, My judgment is perfectly unbiassed " "I am glad to hear it," said her mother; " but then you have been well brought up, though I say it I always tried to put good rational notions into your head, from your childhood upwards Young people, now-a-days are ruined by their feelings " "My feelings will never play me false, mamma," said Victorine and so the colloquy ended. Arthur had never meddled with his sketch since Grace had interrupted him to blow up strife between himself and Victorine. He had been too much occupied in making his peace, and getting it thoroughly established. He had urged Victorine to let their marriage take place at once, and she had almost consented. So that morning he sat down, in overflowing spirits and good humor, to put the finishing touch to his landscape. As he was working away with great energy the door opened, and Lord Wilcox came stealthily into the room. He glanced round with the air of a person who expects to meet an enemy. Then, taking it for granted the coast | was clear- for Arthur was concealed from his view by the window curtains belaid his hat on the table, throw his white gloves into it, and walking to the fire place, began to survey himself in the mirror, and to curl his whiskers over his fingers. Presently, to his unspeakable horror, a face appeared side by side with his own, and a voice that struck terror into his whole frame, addressed him with, "Good morning my lord , I hope I see you well " Poor Lord Wilcox I Ho literally gasped for fear He had been told that flattery was a healing balm to diseased minds, and when he was sufficiently recovered to articulate, he replied, " Quite well, thank you, Mr Lintwood No need to ask you how you are Looking charmingly, sir-quite charmingly I Allow me to congratulate you " " Thank you, my lord," returned Arthur " Very cold this morning," he added, and he took up the poker to stir the fire " Very cold very cold, indeed !" replied Lord Wilcox, keeping his eye intently fixed upon the poker " Are you a judge of art ? I am finishing a little landscape" said Arthur " Delighted to see it From your own neighborhood, Mr Lintwood ?" " Losho, if you please, my lord " " Oh, you ' Mr Losho-bog ten thousand pardons Never could remember names From your own neighborhood, Mr Leslie ? " No, only just a little fancy," replied Arthur " Very pretty fancy, too!" cried Lord Wilcox, fixing his eye glass, and endeavoring to see a mile off 1 You had better come a little real er," said Arthur, smiling , ' there, that is the right light for it " ' No, thank you, Mr tint-Losho, I mean, beg ten thousand pardons quite near enough, see it charmingly, most beautiful landscape 1 amous tree that behind " ' It is not a tree!" cried Arthur, laughing ' It is a windmill " " Windmill ! Oh, dear, yes See it dearly Quite right decidedly a windmill, Mr Lind Leslie I moan-beg ten thousand pardons, never could remember names " I wonder what has become of Miss For rare,'' auld Arthur, after a pause Vic MIss Perrurs-bonutiful girl fascine- ting is she not Mr Lint-Leslie, I mean beg ten thousand pardons " " Humph ' That is as it happens," said Arthur, coldly, and having to hour Victoria's name in that man's mouth " She is very puss able " " Oh yes, quite right-only passable Your taste is extremely correct-only just puBsablo,' repeated Lord Wilcox, in a terrible hurry to contradict hiuiBolf 1 People have thought her plain, ' said Arthur, in a tone of intense pique " Oh yes plum, no doubt People have thought her plum Vic-Miss Forrars, I mean -remarkably plum girl, Mr Lint--Leslie, I mean. Bog ten thousand pardons " " I do not think her plain," interrupted Arthur, IIIB jealousy playing all sorts of tricks with his temper ' Not at all plum, my lord I think for extremely handsome " "No doubt of it," said Lord Wilcox, " extremely handsome Vio-Miss Ferrars, I mean -extremely handsome, Mr Lind-" " Pray, my lord may I ask what authority you have to use that lady's Christian name ?" said Arthur, toBtily " Me, sir stammered Lord Wilcox, the cold drops standing on his forehead, " no, Sir " Yes, you, my lord," said Arthur, "you have used it tin co times I assure you I have a right to ask an explanation " " The lamb and the wolf! THE man will eat me up at last," gasped Lord Wilcox, aside, and turning as white as ashes. " I assure you, Mr. Lint-Losho, I moan," stammered ho , ' beg ten thousand pardons " " No apologies, my lord, if you please," motor erupted Arthur ' I assure jouitwuB quite accidental," said Lord Wilcox "1-I-Vie-Miss Ferrars, I mean, Miss Terrors-Vio-" and he seemed utterly unable to get any further Arthur shrugged his shoulders " It is of no use arguing with this crazy paled fool," thought he turning away " If somebody does not come SOON, I shall make a bolt of it," thought Lord Wilcox But somebody did come, in the shape of Victorine, in her walking dress, and looking exceedingly brilliant She shook hands with Lord Wilcox, congratulated Arthur on his drawing, and then said, politely, I am quite at your service, my lord " At his service I Arthur's eyes started in flush of fire " Lord Wilcox, knowing my love for pictures, Arthur, is good enough to show me a gallery belonging to a friend of his," said Victorine, soothingly I shall not be away more than an hour at most " Arthur looked dangerous, BO Lord Wilcox thought, and in his alarm and embarrassment he stammered out, " Would Mr Lint-Lcssio I mean give us the pleasure of-his-his company ?" " Nothing would please me better, my lord," said Arthur with a grim smile, and annihilating every hope of cnjoymontinLord Wilcox's mind at one fell stroke Arthur find a perfect right to prevent Victor line from going into public with this foppish lord, and so giving rise to a thousand idle in ports It was his duty to protect her from the Blunder and the gossip of the world, and he would do it, even at the risk of thrusting himself in where he was not wanted Victorine, however, was a better tactician than WUB, and had arranged things after a different fashion She was not to be backed by a fit of jealousy she who fancied herself a match even for a spectre " I am sure, Arthur, I should very much pro for your going with us," said Viotenno, drawing him into an ante room, and speaking in a whisper , " but I have promised mamma you shall! take her a drive this morning, and she will be so disappointed Poor mamma, she has not been at all well lately She is anxious, and " " Wants a little confidential conversation on a very important subject," interrupted Arthur, fully reassured by Victonne'a manner Viotormo blushed, as she replied, " Well, I can hardly say exactly-" " You need not say anything, dearest," continued Arthur " I can say quite exactly So, if you please, Mrs Ferrari and I will transact a little business while you are gone " "Do not be rash, Arthur," said Victorine, putting on her most bewitching look, "you may be ill again, or a hundred things It is better to let me continue your friend, and not " " My dearest Victorine, what incorrigible nonsense you are talking It' exclaimed Arthur, Uk ing both her hands in his, " I shall not be ill again I am getting quite myself. I even think of going to the ball " " No, no, Arthur, not to the ball," said Vics terms, " Dr. Bowdler says it would be most imprudent " "Oh, never mind what he says, Victorine. It is naughty of you to be in league with the doctors " "I want to hear what is best to be done with you, Arthur, in case of a fresh attack," said Victorine " You must know what a heavy responsibility will rest upon my shoulders by and bye " "Oh, very heavy indeed" said Arthur, laughing Then, suddenly becoming grave, he added, "Do you know Victorine, I am going to send away my picture ? ' "Are you?" said Victorine, smilingly , "how very self denying that will be shall have hope of you then " Arthur sighed, as he replied, " We will not talk about it Yes, I am going to send away my picture-Oh, Constance! Constance'" and he turned away with an expression of intense pain. ' There go, dearest " he added " Lord Wilcox will wonder what has become of you " " I will stay with you, Arthur, if you wish," said Victorine ' I do not care to go, the least bit in the world Shall I get rid of Lord Wilcox, and come and reason with you ?" " 10, no ' I am not quite so selfish," said Arthur, recovering and highly gratified by the expression, " get rid of Lord Wilcox " " Go," he added, " and have a pleasant morning I shall be all right when you come back " It was strange how that mention of his picture Ima snapped asunder the thread of Arthur's intended conversation with Mrs. Ferrars How his thoughts had turned into their old channel, and, while his better judgment stood up manfully for Victorian, his rifle tions were all arrayed on the side of Constance It will uncertain, even now, where this state of things would end " I think you are getting a great deal stronger, Arthur,' Bind Mrs Ferrars to him as they drove along " thanks to yourself and Victorine," replied Arthur, cordially "I am sure we are only too glad to do what no can, seeing your father was one of my oldest friends, continued Mrs Ferrars , " but there is one thing I wish to come to you. You will not feel annoyed, will you ?" "Oh, dear, no," auld Arthur "Nothing that you can say to me would be likely to annoy me " "Well, then," continued Mrs Ferrars, ' you must attribute my over anxiety, for such it may be, to its right Bouroo-affootion for my dearest Viotormo there are few daughters like Victorine Arthur, though I any it," she added, with a sigh I can fully corroborate that statement," said Arthur " Viotormo is the most excellent woman that ever lived, though I say it," he added, laughing Her happiness is an object of the very first moment," resumed Mrs 1 errors " 1 BIIUII ever consider it no such," returned Arthur, with great feeling "A motion I'B posits in is a very responsible one," continued Mrs loriurs, beating about the bush, " and I should for ever reproach myself if I allowed my dear Vielormo to take any stop that was not sanctioned by the soundest judgment there is no one in the world, Arthur, upon whom I would bestow my daughter with more pleasure than upon Yourself I ought to say, will not, for the matter has gone too far to be regarded " " A great deal too far, ' interrupted Arthur, hastily " 1 beg pardon, but I scarcely understand what you mean I'm not Viotonuo's happiness perfectly Hoeuio with me?" " I'erfo tl> BO,' who rump red , " that is, as for as your good intentions are concerned, but ~" and she stopped, as if considering how to proceed "But what? ' onod Arthur, half impatiently. " I am placed in a delicate position, also replied, " between the dread of offending you, and my anxiety for Vietonno , yet my feelings require BOUR consideration " They shall but of every consideration from me," onod Arthur, warmly , " pray speak out without any reserve I BOO you have some hidden anxiety allow me to share it with you," "You are very kind, Arthur," said Mrs. Forruia I confess I have no anxiety " " On what account Band Arthur. Pray let me hear it " " On account of your state of mind, Arthur. I do not like to me no the subject, but those strungo-strange-I hardly know what to call them " " Apparitions," Bald Arthur, gloomily " V oil, yoB," Bind Mrs ForrurB , " they are so out of the way Of course they are mere delusions, but I never heard of any one similarly affected, and I am not at all sure of the office they may ultimately produce " " They will not produce any affect," replied Arthur "They will die out Viotormo will charm the in away " " Poor Victorine !" sighed Mrs Ferrars. "You think it a hard and thankless office? said Arthur, turning abruptly round, and speak- ing quickly and impetuously "I should be more satisfied if, before things were finally Settled, you would consult some eminent physiomn-Dr Bowdler for instance and let me know his report on the matter," said Mrs Forrurs "there is not the slightest necessity , he could do me no good no good, whatever," said Arthur, sighing " But it would be Butiafuction to me and to poor Victorine " ' Poor Victorine !" Again it grated on his year "Victoria need be under no anxiety" said he, hastily " The phantom will retire before her I may never see it again never expect to see it again," he repeated, emphatically. Did he never expect to see it again P The thought was exquisitely painful, and brought with it a feeling of strange desolation. But, even while he spoke, the phantom was at hand. His voice seemed to call it into existence, as if to contradict his statement. A face looks at him from the carriage yonder He butcher but a glimpse, and it is gone But the golden hair, the eyes, the features, they are here "Oh, Constance! Constant" and the paroxysm seizes him, and he dashed after her wildly and furiously She is there, and he may overtake her He may lay hold upon her, and assure himself that the warm blood rushes through her veins-and know if it be life or death, a living woman or a mooning phantom. He calls " Constance ' Constance !" and urges on the horses till they fly as on the wings of the wind. He sees nothing but those golden tresses, and fears nothing but that she may be gone, and hears nothing but the pulses of his own heart beating violently to the name of Constance ! Constance 1 Constance! He shall overtake her he sees her in the distance-or thinks he does and the confused none that grows round him is of no moment Out of his way ' Stand back stand back I He is a madman. Will no one some the reins The lady by his side bag fainted her white face looks like death. But death himself is in the race. On-on-and then comes a cry of terror, and the race is ended, and the horses, covered with dust and foam, are struggling on the ground and the crowd closes about them-and Arthur feels he has been mad, and looks wildly round for Constance Ah, there is no Constance' It has been a delusion as it always was-and he is mad, mad, mad I Way cannot the loan be at peace ? Will she haunt him to his very grave ?" w> ya cosT MORe 