CHAPTER III. MB, MASON KL0PK3. The J oung girl recoiled as she verj well might, from so unexpected an apoantion, and gazed at the stranger with large, frightened ejes ' Don't be alarmed, madame," Mr Mason repeated, with the greatest respect, " I am a friend if you will permit me to saj so An hour ago, ohaucing to pass j our gates, and finding tbem, for a wonder, un locked, eui îosity prompted me to enter I concealed injself in yonder tree-quite unpardonable on my part, I know, but again steong cunositj must plead my excuse And in that tree I must own I plaj ed e ivesdropper I have overheard ever j word of your conversation with the gentleman who has just left this room It looks rather suspicious, apparently, I own, but reilly the conversation, the whole occur- rence, has been so strange, so out of the usual course, that singularity must plead my pardon As I said before-now that I am here-if I can be of the slightest use to j ou, madame, pray command me" And Mr MasoD paused for breath ne was not long-winded as a rule, didn't in the least shine in conversation, and lo ! here be was breaking forth an orator Dire necessities demand stringent measures i Mr Mason rose with the occasion, and was elo- quent! The young lady listened and looked at him, stall surprised still doubtful "lama stranger here," pursued Duke " I CBme from London two weeks ago, to visit an old friend residing in Speckhaven To-night I was to have returned home, and thinking of something else took the wrong turning at the Cross Roads, and found myself here I am an inteuder, I know, and have no business whatever on the premises, but again I repeat-being here, if I can be of any use to j ou-" She drew near, her lips apart, her eyes shining, her hands clasped " You will help me ! I want to escape I am a prisoner here Oh! surely you are not deceiving me ! You are not an emissary of Mr Lyndith, or Sir Vane Charteris ! ' " Madame, until within the last half-hour, I never knew those two gentlemen were in existence I will help you in any way you may please to name." There was no doubting the sincerity of his tone Still the mysterious young lady gazed at him, as if to read his heart in his face Poor Duke I it wasn't at all a handsome face His eyes were of the palest, most insipid sky-blue-his nose was a decided snub, his whiskers were sparse, and wont to crop up in a variety of pale yellow and dull red stubble, that sur- prised even himself The most sentimental school- girl could not for the life of ber make a hero of Marmaduke Mason, but the silliest scbool-girl of tbem all might have trusted him, as she could have dared to trust few of hu sex Lost dogs wagged their forlorn tails, and followed him home from the streets, children caine to him, and demanded pen- nies with a confident assurance touching to see, on a first ínboducüon Men slapped him on the shoulder, and called him "Mason, my boy!" and "Dukey.old fellow !" before they had been half an hour m bis society It was an honest face, and the clear eyes searching it, knew they might trust him. She leaned forward to him through the half-open window The moon rising now gleamed forth from a bank of jagged clouds, and silvered the sweet pale face. " Will you help me to escape*" she whispered, earnestly " I am a prisoner here-I have been fqr the lost two months My uucle is my guardian and he wants me to marry a man I hate-I HATE I" she set her little teeth, and the big black eyes flashed. " I will run away to-night if you will help me " " I will help you Tell me what I am to do T " "How did j ou Bay you got m ? The gates are alwaj s locked and bolted " " They were not this evening The servant who drove to the station thought it too much trouble to descend, and lock tbem after him It appears he is m the habit of leaving tbem unfastened, and no barm has ever come of it. I was in hiding-the moment he left, I drew the key from the lock-here it is-and came in I don't know what he said or did, I m sure, when he came back and found it gone " " Then there is nothing to prevent my escaping Oh, thank Heaven ! I believe I should go mad if kept another week here. But it is so much to ask of you, a stranger, to do what I want " " Not one whit too much. Please don't think of me " What am I to do ?" The girl glanced anxiously over her shoulder " If you are seen I don't know what may happen Mr. Lyndith is,-oh ! an awful man ' and he will return here directly He 13 going to stay all night, and the doors and windows will be made fast in an hour If I get away at all, it will be midnight fully before I dare venture And in the meantime-" she looked at him more anxiously. "les,Miss Ljndith I beg your pardon, but I heard him call you that, you know " " My name is Olivia Lyndith But between this and midnight-and it is only Bevon o'clock now, ob, Mr-' " Mason, Miss Lyndith " "Mr Mason.how will you manage? These March nights are so cold, and five long, lonely, freezing hours ! No, it IU too muoh 1" She clasped her hands and looked at him in despair Duke smiled " Please don't think of me, Miss Lyndith I will wait with all the pleasure in life I don't mind it upfcn my word and honor, I don't 1 I like it-yes I do-it s an adventure, you see, and I never bad an adventure before in the whole course of my existence I will go back to my friend, the elm tree, and wait for midnight and you May I ask how you propose getting out ?" " Through this window Oh, how kind-how good you are, sir, and I am quite friendless and alone here These windows are secured by bolts on the inside I can easily draw them, lift the window and jump out And you have the key of the gate, you say ? ' ' Yes, madame And then ?" " Then- Mr Mason, when does the earliest tram from Speckhaven start for town '" " I really don't know-that we must ascertain at the station, before the people here get up, that is certain But it is clear five miles to Speckhaven can you walk it ?" " Mr Mason, I could walk fifty miles, I think, to escape this dreadful house Oh, if I can only reach London and start for Pans before they miss m» here" " For Pans P" Mr Mason exclaimed " Is Robert m Pans, I wonder?" he thought " Yes, I bave friends m Pans-my mother's friends, who will protect me even against my gaur dian, I think Hark 1 Oh, Mr. Mason, go-quick, for pity's sake My uncle M here <* She sprang back from the window Duke made for his tree Just as he regained his roost the door opened, and Mr Lyndith, looking less grim and more humanized, as themostsavage of men, I notice, are apt to do after dinner, came m Tie young lady had flung herself into his arm- chair before the fire She arose sullenly at hu en- trance. "Don't disturb yourself, Olivia-don't, I beg I am sorry you didn't dine-Mrs Gnmahaw is an excellent caterer really. What- you're not going so soon?" " Your society is so pleasant, Mr Lyndith, and your conversation so profitable, that it must seem sbange to you, no doubt," the girl said, bitterly ' I am «oing, nevertheles Good-night." " But, Olivia, wait a moment, I beg Won't you give me some music, my dear, these March evenings are so confoundedly long, atd the wind positively howls dismally enough to give a man the horrors f" " With a clear conscience like yours, Uncle Geoffrey, I wonder such nervous notions troubla you No, I shall give you no music to-night " " Then, perhaps you will give me an answer, Miss Lyndith ?" "To what air?" " Will you return with me to-morrow to Lon- don ?" " Yes, decidedly " " As the promised wife of Sir Vane Charteris P" "No" "Then you prefer remaining a prisoner inde- finitely ?" " I prefer anything to marrying Sir Vane Char- teris * Good night, Uncle Geoffrey 1" " But, Olivia-" I " Good night !" Olivia said, with a flash of her great black eyes, and with the words she was gone The man started up with an oatb, and made for the door " Come back, Olivia1" he cned " I have some- thing to propose" But only the ghastly echo of bis own voice came back to {um down the lonesome gallery Miss Lyn dlth's taper gleamed already far above in the upper rooms, and the bleak draught whistled drearily up and down the black oak ball He closed the door, with a shudder, and began pacing moodily up and down the long flrkht room " Blast her obstinacy !" be muttered " But I might have known-she was always a headstrong little devil And she won't forget that fellow-dead or alive In hu grave under the stormy Atlantic, he is as much m my way as he was three years ago here in England, The child is my last resource-she will come to terms for its sake Yes, I must give her the child-she will promise anything for that- anything. I'll make her the offer to-morrow, and end this in- fernal business. Once in possession of Vane Char- teris, and your airs and vapous will come to end, my lady " He resumed his chair, rang a hand bell, ordered wine and cigars, in a savage tone, and stared mood- ' ily into the fire These refreshments brought, be sat smoking for upward of an hour, then ordered candles and departed A minute later, and hu light shone m an upper window- fifteen more, and Mrs. Gnmsbaw and Joseph went their rounds, fastening up for the night " It don't do no good a badgenn' of a chap now," Joseph was saying in a voice of sulky injury, " it's gone, and that?« all about it. Your barking won't bring nothink b»ok, will it ? I did'nt lose it, I tell you I left it in the key hole I did, so help me, and when I came back it was clean gone There 1 I don't know nothink more about it. We can bolt ths gates, can't we-who's a coming to rob this hold Castle Diemal-and I'll get a key to-morrow over in Speckhayen.f And then the window was clqsed with a bang, and secured, and then the servants left the room, and only the smouldering glow of the dying fire waa left to console Mr. Mason on hu perch m the tree Joseph slouched down to the gate-returned, and the last door closed for the night Two more lights shone up aboye for half an hour longer, then all Lyndith Grange lay wrapped in the-s/lejjce and dark- ness of death It was now close upon ten o'clock The cold March moon was sailing silvery up the steep blue sky, and by its ivory light Duke looked at hu watch Ten ! Two mortal hours yet to wait, in cold and loneliness, and m a haunted park I He must stay here till midnight-awful hour ! when, ac- cording to all received traditions, the gory ghost of the murdered cavalier, and the shrieking lady, might be looked for if they intended to put in an appear- ance at all Duke didn't believe in ghosts, none of us do, m broad daylight, with the sun shining and the world astir about us, but this was quite different, you see " Put yourself m bis place," up a tree, not a orea ture near, in a graveyard, say not reported to be haunted even, and see if every ¿leas) ot moonlight isn't a ghost, and every aough of wind the unearthly rattle of skeleton bones " Oh Lord ' ' groaned Mr Mason " to think that I who never lost a wink of sleep or a meal a victuals in si} life like most fellows for any woman alive, should eome to tins for a } oung persos I never laid e}ea on until within the last two hours To think that I, who never was m love in my life, should be going to elope at midnight now Great powers i what would Rosanna say if she could see me now"1" And Duke waited. One by one the minutes told off on his dial plate-slowly the cr} «tal moon swam up the purple aky, bnghtl} burned the frosty stars, and slowly from head to foot the watcher grew be- numbed Most lugubrious, most unearthly, walled and moaned the wind through the trees, m the dead silence he could hear the dull roar of the surf six miles away Would midnight-would Miss L} ndith, never eome les At h9lf-past eleven exactly he heard the cautious withdrawal of the window bolts With an inward thanksgiving, and all cramped and stiff Dilke got down from the tree and approached Yes there she stood, the moonlight shining on her pale face and starry eyes She wore a cloak and hood, and held a veil m her hand She motioned him to silence, opened the window, and drew herself carefully through the narrow aperture The distance was not five feet, but Duke lifted ber gently down before she could spring Her teeth were chattering, partly with cold, partly with nervoua terror " Come on " He drew ber hand within bis arm-it was no time for ceremon}-no time for standing on degree-and hurried with her down the avenue They never spoke The gates were secured by massive bolts Duke shot them back easily, and she stood on the moonlit high road-free " Thank Heaven 1" he beard her whisper, as she glanced back with a shudder at the gloomy pile " I will never go back alive " She took his arm again, and they hastened rapidly on Excitement lent them strength and speed perhaps neither bad ever walked in their lives as they aid that nigbt. They were dead silent by the wa} , both were breathless To Duke it was like a dream, this strange adventure, this fairy figure on bia arm, this weird midnight runaway ' I shall awake presently to see Rosanna at my door ordering me to get up to breakfast," be thought, " and find all this a dream " " He glanced down at his companion How pale she was, how pale-her small face gleamed in the moonlight like snow, ber black e}es looked spectral in the cold silver rays. And how pretty, and how young-such a mere child, and running away like this. fneBdlese, and persecuted Duke's heart filled with a great compassion, it is so easy to compassionate pretty young girls ! " Poor little thing! and I thought she was the lady of Dr Worth's story-so youthful, and so pretty, and the old rascal called her Miss Lynditb " Mr Mason was quite shocked at himself for his late scandalous suspicions " She's so pratt} that it's a pleasure to look at her I wish, yes I do wish, that J were Robert " Which was the nearest approach to anythmgsenti meatal that Duke had ever got in his life He wasn't a woman hater, they were ver} useful in their way, indispensable indeed, he was just enough to own, in several respects, but he had a contempt for them, as a whole, as weak and inferior animals, as all well regulated male minda must have They reached the town as the Speckhaven clocks were Btriklng the quarter after midnight It lay still in the moonlight-solemnly still-white and cold They humed through its quiet streets, not meeting half-a-dozen people until they had left it bebind The station stood, as it is in the nature of stations to stand, m a dreary tract of waste land, on the out- skirts of the town At balf-past twelve they reached it One or two officials, with blue nosea and sleepy eyes, stared at them stolidly The next train for London was a slow train, and it would pass at 2 15 Nearly two hours to wait ! She sank dows is a seat exhausted-white as a spirit. Duke left her by the fire, and went in search of refreshments, but at that hour there was nothing to be had He returned to tell her so, with a disappointed face, and to his sur- prise she looked up at him with great tears shining m the dusk eyes, and took his hand in both her own " How good you are !" she said " How good 1 how good T How can I ever thank you, Mr Mason Mr Mason had, like all his sex-devoid of little weaknesses of any sort themselves-a strong aver- sion to scenes. He turned very red, and drew his hand away, as if these soft fingers burned him muttered something incoherent about " not mention it-taking a little nap in her chair before the train came" " Wait a minute," she said, " we don't know what may happen ! I may be followed, and brought back m spite of you, and some day I may need a kind friend's help again Take this ring, it is worth a great deal! Oh, you jnust- and keep it for my sake Give me your London address, now that we have time, and whether we get safe to Paris or not Some day I may seek your help again, and if I ever need }Ou, you will come ?" " I will come, ' he said, simply He gave her the address, No 50 Half Moon Ter- race, Bloomsbury, and she wrote it m a little pocket book The nng she bad forced upon him blazed in his hand like a glowing coal It was an opal, curiously Bet in dead gold-most sinister and beautiful of stones "Thank you, Mr Mason," she repeated,looking gratefully up with those wonderful black eyes " I will never forget your kindness while I live And now I will try to rest until the tram cornea " She aank down m her «hair before the fire, shading her face with one hand, and Duke left her, and paced up and down the platform How the moments lagged-it was worse than waiting in the tree Once in motion, and Speckhaven m the dis- tance, he could feel almost safe-not before " Poor little thing !" he thought, " poor little pretty young lady 1 What a brute that uncle must be to persecute and imprison such a helpless, tender creature, and what a lucky fellow that Robert is ! One ! pealed from the station clock An hour and fifteen minutes yet to wait, and every second precious Half-past one .-two '-Duke's besrt was beating thick and fast with suspense Fifteen minutes more !-he would go and see if she slept ! Eoor child He turned to go-stopped short-his eart stopped too, for carriage wheels were flying through the silent streets, straight along to the station Nearer-nearer! A sudden stop-a man leaped out, and strode straight to the waiting room He heard a low, wordless cry within, that told him all Then with clenched fists, and a ferocious feeling in his usually peaceful breast, he made for the wait- ing room, and looming up black- stern-grim awful-he confronted Mr Geoffrey Lyndtth ' (To be continued) 