HUNTING A SHADOW. BY M. E. K. CHAPTER III. KNOW, as it happened, there was an old friend of the family, a Mrs. Ferrars, who with her daughter resided in Chester Square. They were very stylish people indeed. They gave balls and roads in the winter, bloomed out like May flowers in the spring, took drives in the parks in summer, and were never by any chance to be found at home in the autumn In fact they followed out all the whims and caprices of the fashionable world to a letter. It was whispered by a few ill natured folks that it required a vast amount of skill on Mrs. Ferrars' part to make both ends meet, and that if she had not been an eminent tactician it would have been impossible. There were rumors of pinching and con- triving behind the scenes, and of autumn excursions no further than the back rooms But, however this might be, nothing exhibited any outward sign of economy, and season after BOO son Mrs Ferrars and her daughter appeared upon the stage, as grand and as stylish as ever. Victorine Ferrars was a handsome and accomplished woman, perfectly well bred, and knew every thing-from Mendelsohn to music work. She could talk admirably on politics, literature, and even on religion , or, if needs be, she could gossip and invent chit chat where graver topics were not acceptable She could play, and sing and dance, and draw, and do all well and in good toBto Good taste was one of her principal characteristics She know exactly how to adjust the harmony of colors, and never wore a ribbon amiss or a dress that did not become her. She was winning and fascinating in her manners, always maintaining a just equilibrium, and never betrayed into any undue emotion Her calmness and self possession gave her an immense advantage. She was precisely what she should be, neither more nor loss It was to Mrs Ferrars that Grace wrote the full account of her brother, his journey to Wales, has taking the portrait of Miss Clairville, and the result Her letter came one morning as the mother and daughter were sitting down to breakfast, and gave rise to a very important conversation. Slight as the incident of Grace's epistle might ROom, it suggested something new and startling. The flame idea occured to both, but neither Vic- torine nor her mother wore ever guilty of pro constancy. They were diplomatic over towards each other, so they conversed a little time, as if the circumstance had been of ordinary interest " I am surprised to hear this about Arthur," said Mrs. Ferrars, pouring out the tea, " but, with his good common BOHBO, he will soon got over it. What do you think, Victorine ?" " I doubt it, mamma," replied Victorine j " at least as far as the Boon is concerned. Arthur is very susceptible of impressions, especially pleasurable Jones 1 But the sight of a dead person can hardly be pleasurable, my dear," said her mother. " He did not think of her as dead," said Victorine " He simply thought of her as the most beautiful woman he had over seen " " Well, but by this time he must have realised the fact of her being dead, and that he can never see her again," replied Mrs Ferrars "Except in his imagination, mamma," said the daughter, " and in the portrait Grace speaks about I have not the least doubt but that Arthur has fallen in love with her " And she buttered her toast with great precision " But my dear, it is too absurd to think of," said Mrs Ferrara " What ' fall in love with a lady on the eve of her funeral an ' I do not mean falling in love exactly in the accuse one understands it as referring to living people," said Victorine, " but I mean that Arthur has been very much struck with the beauty of this Constance, I think you said her name was?" ' Yea, Constance Clairville," replied her mother, looking again at the letter ' Well, then, he will for some time to come cherish a morbid attachment to her, and make himself very miserable indeed," said Victorine ' I wonder what can be done," said Mrs Ferrars in a tone of concern " Arthur is too good and clever to run to seed in a churchyard Can you suggest nothing, my door, in reply to Grace's letter ? ' " I hardly know, mamma," replied Victorine ' I must think a minute " Victorine did think a minute, and her thoughts and thus " it is of no use mamma making so Iioio, J can see what she is scheming as clear as daylight Yes it would be a good chance for me Arthur is well off, and rising in his profession, and the time is going by for trifling One cannot stand still at twenty eight " Here was an imperceptible sigh. I could easily cut out this Constance if I were once upon the field. The living surely can be a match for the dead Not that I care for Arthur the least in the world I almost think I dislike him, he is so good, and good people are desperately tire Some (still, his position pleases me and it would be worth the trial ; mamma thinks so too, I see it in her face " Meanwhile Mrs Ferrars was cogitating in like manner " Victorine must know what a good speculation it would be, especially as she has let so many slip through her fingers. She has been on my hands quite long enough, and I cannot afford to let her be an old maid. Apart from the odium of the thing, there will be nothing for her to live upon after my death, for then my annuity will come to an end. Victorine might easily creepintoArthur'sgoodgraces. Shehastoo much sense to think of marrying for love. No one but a girl in her teens over dreams of such a thing. If she plays her cards well, the adventure in Wales may resolve itself greatly to our advantage. She is too sharp and clever not to see it at once." " Well, Victorine," said the good lady aloud, and pray what may your thoughts be like ?" " I am very stupid this morning, mamma," was the reply. " I can only patch up one solitary idea." " If it is a good one, never mind its being solitary, said Mrs. Ferrars. " Come, let us have it." I was thinking," replied Victorine, " that Grace had better send for some one to amuse ter brother. Some pretty girl, I mean, who would drive the odd fancy out of his head." " Excellent !" exclaimed Mrs. Ferrars. " She could not do better. But where is this pretty girl to be found ?" " Indeed I really do not know," replied Victorine. " There is Sophia Jarvis-" "Impossible!" interrupted Mrs. Ferrars. She is not even good-looking." " Marianne Fuller?" suggested Victorine. ' Arthur cannot endure her," laid Mre. ferrari. "Jane Thompson t" continued Victorine. " The name is enough, my dear," laid Mrs, Ferrars j " and you forget she has red hair." "One of the six Jenner's, then ?" suggested Tiotorino. " They are all handsome." " But not striking," said her mother ; " and not companionable, either-mere raw school- girls. No, no, you must think again." " I confess I am quite at a loss, mamma," Bald Victorine. " Handsome women are so scarce. Let me see-" and she sat thinking intently. "I have a better plan than yours in my head, my dear," said Mrs. Ferrars and that is for you to go and see Grace yourself, and talk it over with her." " And try whom we can hunt up between us, I suppose ?" said Victorine, smiling. "Exactly," replied Mrs. Ferrars. "Poor Grace needs a little counsel. Arthur is from home, and she is quite by herself. One should be a little attentive to one's friends " "It will be an insufferable bore," began Victorine, playing with her teaspoon. " Of course it will," said her mother. " Poor Grace is so odd, and her brother by the bye, you need not see him unless you like. You can come back before he gets home. It is but two hours by rail. "I think I had better just see him," replied Victorine, speaking her words deliberately, and for the first time looking full into her mother's face " Perhaps you had my dear but it is quite immaterial : you are not going to set your cap at him, you know," said her mother, laughing. " Oh dear no '" onod Victorine, laughing too "But it is inconvenient to fix the exact time for coming back before one gets there. Some- thing may detain me." "Of course," auld her mother, something move and if you enjoy yourself, you need not hurry home on my account ; I can, at a stretch, spare you for a week." " Thank you, dear mamma," returned Victor mine " And now about my wardrobe? I need not take anything with me, but just the dress I have on " "There is no positive necessity. But you may be invited out, and it would be unpleasant to have left your wardrobe at home. I should advise you to take your new Satin dress. Even if you do not put it on, the journey will do it no harm," said Mrs. Ferrars gaily, for horspintB were evidently rising. "Do you think that better than the pink glace ?" said Victorine Pink suite me so well " " So it does," replied her mother ; " but the other is the handsomest." " What shall I do ?" asked Victorine. " Take them both said her mother. "It is the easiest way of getting over the difficulty and then you can wear which you please." "And my pretty now muslniB?" suggested Victorine ; " it is a pity to leave them behind." " So it is," said Mrs Formers ¡ " and they suit you admirably. Take them all, Victorine ; you could not do better " "But, dear mamma," exclaimed Victorine, " only think of my luggage and to stay a week " " Never mind," said her mother. " Such a thing might happen us for you to Bt ty a fortnight and it would be excessively inconvenient for me to send your boxes after you " Well, perhaps it would be the best," said Victorine, " but do you think I can exist a fortnight in that dullest! all dull places, mamma ?" "I do not know, my dear, it will depend on circumstances," and her mother, drily "I think I had better begin to pack," said Victorine. " If I go, there is no time to be lOst " " Not a single hour," replied Mrs Ferrars, with emphasis " Go, my dear, and I will write to Grace." CHAPTER IV ARTHUR, with his force under his arm, was posting away in search of his Welsh landscape and as the landscape remained exactly where it was before, he had no difficulty in finding it, but it took him a whole day and part of the next to make his sketch That next day he had intended to do something else something, in fact that lay at the root of his expedition He meant to visit the tomb of Constance The thought gave him a feeling of indescribable pain, and made his heart flutter with emotion Her tomb She was dead, then and the cold marble would interpose between him and her wonderful beauty How was it that he could never think of her as dead ? Not even now, when he had come to look upon her tomb Arthur honored amid the scenery, and here and there a sketch found its way into his folio He loved to watch the Sunlight come and go upon the hills, and to feel himself surrounded by the silence and majesty of nature He would like to have remained, were it possible, with no companion but his sketch book ; but home had claims on him, and he must visit the tomb of Constance, and return He became more and more agitated as he re- traced his steps through scenes so familiar to him, he could not but recall that pure bright June morning when he stopped at the door of the mansion It was summer still, but nature wore a richer and mellower tint The reapers were at work among the corn, and the ripe fruits told that autumn was close at hand It was late in the evening before he reached the village Had she been alive, he would not have loitered. But, OUR his greeting, such as it was, would meet with no response All would be dark and silent. Why need he hasten The sun set rapidly, and night had come before he thought it possible. The harvest moon shone down upon the sheaves of corn in the fields It shone, too, upon the mansion of Clair- ville, and showed the garden, and the great gates by which Arthur had once entered Ton der wee the room into which the housekeeper had led him. The blinds were closed, and well they might be, Since its occupant was gone. He should not find her there, and he turned away, Bad and sick at heart. " This is then the curse," thought he. " Oh, death ' death ' how terrible thou art !" He reached the little church. A lovely spot it was, the churchyard laid out OF a garden, with flowers climbing up the walls, and great trees bending solemnly over. How still it was 1 The dews of night stole noiselessly down, and glittered like pearls in the moonlight. The bat whirled round and round, and the owl hooted faintly in the distance. The old church stood like a preacher surrounded by the congregation of the dead. Generations lay around it, and generations more would be added to their number. It was a time for thought, and Arthur stayed to ponder the lesson read him by this weather-beaten tower, and there grassy hillocks. Then he advanced slowly and tremblingly his vigil was with none of those. . It was yonder, at that marble tomb. He stopped and read the same Constance Clairville Yes, she slept beneath '-the whom he would have loved so passionately-to whose side Some strange fatality had brought him, but too late, What sympathy was there between them, that her very ashes should be precious to him? He bent over her tomb he could almost have wept. " Here were enough to do without thee," he whispered, surely thou, who wore so beautiful, mightest have lived." As he spoke he heard a sound, and raised his head to see from whence it came. It could not be real. Alas' what phantom had risen to beguile him? Had the sepulchre enclosed The dead ' do they walk again She Blood before him, solemn and majestic, the golden trees shilling like an angel's, the features awful in their likeness to the dead ; the white drapery falling round her like a cloud the large, glorious eyes fixed earnestly on his It could be none other, and Arthur uttered a strange, wild cry, and fled. It was his June his goddess' It was Constance Clairville' " It is my frenzy and excited imagination '" cried ho, as he threw himself down upon the grass, and bathed his forehead in his coolness. " I am mad ' It is no Constance, but a phantom of the brain. I will go back, and watch " He retraced his steps, but there was no Con Blanco to tot rify him now Her tomb was dePorted, and the dead slept quietly around it. He was no coward who loved daughter, and would have met it face to face. But she had come from another world, a fur off hind, and her garments were fragrant with immortality She had died , he had Been for dead-hadlookod upon her. Why need she come again ? Bottom had he never beheld lies ' Better had that vision of beauty passed away unseen, than thus to rise, and haunt him with its terrible lovely mess! Some strange thing had happened to him, and he left the churchyard like one bewildered CHAPTER V. VicToniNB FEBBABS arrived at Wyohford in a few days, with all her artillery of gowns and jewels, ready for immediate action. She could not afford to leave one of her auxiliaries behind her, and like a skilful general she prepared her self for every emergency. Defeat would be ignominious, to say the least of it but she did not mean to be defeated, she meant to carry off the palm of victory. Arthur was utterly unconscious of the plot against his peace of mind. He thought it very kind of Victoria to come and visit them in their rather dull neighborhood, and he resolved to make her visit as pleasant as possible He found her a very agreeable companion, and, when a week was over, loaded heartily with Grace in wishing her to prolong her stay. Victorine worked very hard indeed. She studied Arthur's every whim and fancy, adapted her ideas to his, flattered him, not coarsely, but skilfully, laying it on with feather. She played and sang and exerted all borrowers; but although Arthur was invariably polite and kind, he certainly was not smitten, All her shafts had fallen to the ground, and he went on his way unscathed. So much for the first part of her campaign. Victorine now felt she must take more door Bivo mooBures. She must win his confidence ; she must probe his secret wound, and got his mysteriouS love for Constance into her own keeping, She know by unmistakable signs, that he did love Constance, and that the wound still rankled beneath the surface that Arthur had a world of his own where he admitted nobody, and of which nobody might speak. Victorine was a brave woman who determined to obtain an entrance, in spite even of the dead ! Accordingly, one morning, as Arthur was paint- ing in his studio, Victorine, who had thoroughly concocted her plan, tapped at the door, and walked in. She was, as usual, charmingly dressed, and not a hair was out of place. The dust with which she arranged her toilette was always pleasant to Arthur, and he liked to look at her, as upon a thoroughly agreeable object. He liked the air of quiet and refinement with which she moved about, a contrast to poor Grace's noisy demonstrations j her voice well modulated, her ideas well expressed, her calm, unruffled temper, these had their weight with him. She had never been into his study before, and he was really glad to BOO her. He laid down his brush, placed her a chair, and prepared to make himself agreeable. " No, I will not sit down," said Victorine. " Pray go on, as if I were not present ¡ I want to look about me. What a lovely picture that will be ; one can almost feel the sunshine on those hills. Where is the landscape taken from ?" " It was from one of his Welsh sketches," Arthur said, as he continued to paint and be talked eloquently of mountain scenery, and of his longing to be amidst it again. Victorine made the round of his pictures, saying something flattering of each. Suddenly she exclaimed, " Dear me, Arthur ! What is the meaning of that curtain ? Is there some dark mystery behind it t" And she made an attempt to draw it back. Arthur prevented her. " Excuse me, Victorine but it is a mystery," said he, gravely, "Oh, let me see it!" she exclaimed. "I know it is some gem you are hiding from the world. I will be as silent as the grave. Let me see it." And, by a quick movement, she drew back the curtain. " What a splendid creature! she exclaimed. "be. she a woman, or is she a goddess ?" " Neither the one nor the other, but an angel," replied Arthur, excessively agitated. " Oh, you may well call her an angel '" said Victorine, standing before the picture, with her color heightened, and her eyes fixed eagerly upon it " She is glonouB I What features ' What hair' What a majestic figure' Who was she, Arthur ?" she added, turning to him. " The daughter of an English gentleman no more than that," said Arthur, smiling, as if pleased at her enthusiasm " But where is her home ?" asked Victorine. "I would make a pilgrimage to see her." " Her home," returned Arthur, mournfully, her home is in a little village churchyard. Her companions are the dead. We shall never see her any more." He tried to draw the curtain, but Victorine would not allow him. " Do let me look a little longer," she said. " I cannot believe she is dead. A churchyard, did you say ?" " Yes," he replied, " there is a tomb, and her name is written on it. I have read it Con stance Clairville." Arthur drew the curtain and sat down. Vic- torine sat down too. " And you loved her," said she, in the softest tones of her musical voice j " you must have loved her, if you were not of all men the road insensible " Arthur made no reply, and she continued, " Pardon me, Arthur. Such a vision of beauty does not often come across me I would know more of her, as of some rare being whose like will never be soon again. You must have loved her " It was pleasant to Arthur to have his wound touched so skilfully-to have the secret thought of his BOUR spoken in such harmonious language It was as if the door of some dark chamber had been opened, and the air and sunshine let freely in He was not angry with Victorian for repeating the question, but it puzzled him to reply. The story was BO strange, SO wild, BO unreal It was like nothing in life , she would not credit it if he told her But Victorine had found the end of this tangled was and proceeded patiently, and with her characteristic quietude, to unravel " I do not wonder at the utter desolation such a loss would bring Arthur, I pity you," she said and she regarded him with a look of wo manly compassion that went straight to his heart It was a treacherous look, but how should he know it How should he know that it glanced like the sun in some northern region over a sea of ice? She did not know what compassion meant She hated the very name of Constance Victorine could sing like any BE ron Bowuro, Arthur of that song, beware of that soft voice, those womanly wiles. Your good angel had need be at your elbow now But Arthur did listen to the song It came to him softly and tenderly over the troublesome waves of life, and he stopped and loved to hear it He steered towards it, us to ardB a place of rest, where he might lay down the sorrow that oppressed him, or at least lighten its burden by finding some one to share it with him. One true and kind, and who would be his friend See how she You took him' With what consummate art' How gently he drew his secret from him How she soothed him with her flattery how she tells him into a perfect confidence How she lays him to rest, as the Byron of old did the mariner, with the tide rippling but his foot, and keeping time to her delicious melody. If Arthur fingers her, his very genus will forsake him , she e not breathe this drowsy air She will conduct both wings and fly Awake' awake ' Victorine exulted in that day's performance It was a successful exploit, and she went out of the study glowing with excitement It was the first rout step she had taken toward the attainment of her object, and she wrote the following account of it to her mother - " My door Mamma hope you did not ex- pect me home last week I made an attempt to louie, but Grace and Arthur would not hear of it, and, uUthi ga conBi(lorod,it was more politic to Buy. Poor Grace is more hoy denten than ever, and spends all her time in worrying over the servants She has weakly settings to rights, when all the drawers andcupboiiids in the house are turned out I could not get into the drawing room one day, the table was covered with glass and china, Grace was dusting it-in the drawing room, mind ' So I stepped into the studio for my own room was being cleaned, and where could I go I would rather not have an traded on Arthur, but he made himself very agreeable, and showed me the picture of the dead lady She is splendidly handsome and he raved about her a little But I think he may be cured I have not yet be n able to find any one that will do for him, and it puzzles me sadly By the way, Arthur and I play at chess some times, and yesterday I gained a little advantage for the first time Who knows but I may win the game Yours, etc " Victorine made sure she should. She could sit with Arthur in his study every morning now He seemed to like it, for he could talk to her about Constance. If Constance had been living, this conversation would have been inconvenient and out of place. But what did it matter, Since she was doing ? She could not stop out of her tomb in (the little churchyard to confront her rival. CHARLES VI " WHO will go sketching with me to-day ?" said Arthur one morning at breakfast. " There is an old ruin in the neighborhood that I want to make a drawing of. Now, then, a picnic on the grass Who speaks ?" " I cannot go, it is quite impossible," said Grace, who was running in her key basket, " Ann leaves to-day, I know she would go just at the most inconvenient time. And there is a wash about down stairs, and what with ironing and oloar- Btarching-" v " We should be quite as well pleased to be spared the detail of what is going on down stairs," interrupted Arthur. I think I ought to stay and help you, Grace," Bind Victorine, good humoredly she was looking very bright and sparkling that morning, and had on one of her pretty muslins " though I must confess I long for Arthur's ruin, and the picnic on the grass " " Nobody but myself can iron Arthur's shirts fit to be soon," returned Grace, with an air of importance " The only time I trusted one to Jane, who scorched it horribly " " Will you give us some coffee, Grace ?" said Arthur, looking very awful and cloudy, as he sat at the bottom of the table. " I will give you some coffee in a minute," she replied, " but I must find the key of the mangling room. I want to have the clothes mangled off the first thing, so that we may through in good time. There are more than a dozen shirts to iron, to say nothing of-" "I wish you would say nothing of anything, Grace," interrupted Arthur, rather crossly, and irritated as he always was at Grace's want of refinement. " That is just like you, Arthur," she exclaimed. "You have no gratitude of sympathy in you " " I have not in this case," said Arthur, quietly " No, indeed ! you never have with anything that is clean," cried Grace, vehemently. " If it were not for me I wonder what the house would be like'" The earthern vessel and the vessel of brass were about to clash violently together. But Victorine came to the rescue, and with her usual tact separated them. " About this ruin," said the-" where, and what is it P" "It is the ruin of an old priory, where the ghosts of fat monks are said to walk by moon- light," and Arthur, laughing. "Dare you go, Victorine t" " With all my heart," she replied. " I shall I like it amazingly. I sketch a little myself, though it is but a little. You will not mind my taking my folio?" "I shall be most happy to carry it for you," said Arthur and Grace, dear, he added, turn- ing to his water, what can we take with us for dinner?" But Grace was seriously offended. She had been gulping for coffee with a face as red as a j peony. Now she set down her cup with > bang, and put her spoon in it a habit the knew was excessively annoying to Arthur. Grace never minded what she did when the was out of tem- | por. " I Bay, Grace, what have you in the pantry for dinner?" repeated Arthur. " Nothing but cold mutton," replied Grace, sulkily. " Cold mutton '" said Arthur. " That will never do ; it's no go, as school- boys say." I cannot cook anything on a washing day," ears Grace, determined to impress the fact of the wash on Arthur's mind, and make him feel it whether he would or no This was one of her uncomfortable ways She once tried " drying off the things," as she called it, by the parlor She But Arthur happening to come in just when they were in full rock, swept them all up in one great armful and flung them in at the kitchen door. So Grace was obliged to content herself for the future with airing collars and such small fry when Arthur was out of the way. She would have something in the parlor that did not belong to it, if it were possible." I will tell you what, Grace," and Arthur, excessively provoked, "I will put the wuBUiug out " " Not while I am in the house," returned Grace, with the mares a tragedy queen. " But, Grace, dear, it would save you a great deal of trouble," suggested Victorine. " Yes, and have all my pocket-handkerchiefs stolen," said Grace, indignantly " Much you London ladies know of wishing " " Practically, my door, I confess I know nothing," said Victor , " but speaking there retically, I think it would make very little dif- ference " It would make a very great difference," cried Give, turning upon her almost fiercely I pay the waBhorwoincn-" " Come, come, Grace, this is beyond a joke," said Arthur, rising, " I cannot stand having the washerwomen too ! I shall go and see what there is for dinner my self," and off he went Grace blubbered and mopped her face, and declared herself the most ill treated person in the world, wafted like a slave, and no one to say " thank you " when she had done " Well, there was one comfort ; they would not have her long ' That she could tell them And once out of the house, she would take precious good care never to set foot in it again' Arthur' might get a wife IIB dirty IIB himself, and together they might drag on to their lives' end. She did not care ' And with this polite declaration, aimed full into Vietorino's face, she swept out of the room Dornende squalls will happen, and are very uncomfortable while they lost No one knows exactly what I ho end will be But the end generally is, that the storm blows over, the sky clears, the sun comes out, and except for a little sprinkling nothing looks much the worse There was a great sprinkling of Green's tears, when her conscience had come to speak, and it Binoto her in good round terms for what she had done But it was a wholesome shower, and did her no manner of harm When the storm was over, and the sunshine had come back, the first sign of the change was her passing by the throat of cold mutton, and picking up a dainty little dinner in a dainty little basket for Arthur and Victorine Nothing but cold mutton I Grace's house keeping never got to so low an ebb us that Depend upon it, something good was always to be found in the larder. For Bonnie, Giuoo, to have done yourself such an injustice. And then the (henty little basket, ready to burst with what Grace had put in it, was given to Ann (albeit she was going to leave, and it was washing day), to carry to the ruins, and Arthur id Victorine were to follow at their leisure. There was no need for hurry, as they had the day before them. So they lowered, standing to look now and then at some pretty bit of landscape, some sunny spot, with trees, and a little homestead, or some bold sweep of lillie, with the dark woods lying at their foot 'Then, when they reached the ruin they sat down to sketch Victorine would sketch what Arthur did, so they But side by side, and sketched together. Arthur had been attentive, almost affectionate He had begun to fool a reliance upon Victorine, and a decided leaning towards her. It was something to have a friend who understood him, and to whom he could speak tenderly of Constance Her kindness had softened his heart and ruined it somewhat from its dead idol This warm living being could make a better response to his affection than those cold BRICS HIS wound was getting heated under her judicious management HIS cheerfulness had returned, and with it health and vigor He liked being alone with Victorine, in those quiet ruins And he thought her very handsome as she sat beside him, and wondered he had not been struck with it before She was good and beautiful what OIBO could be desire The day passed pleasantly enough It was now evening, and the sun was setting But Victorine had not finished her sketch, and she wished to stay a little longer Arthur was not sorry for the delay ; he wanted to tell her of his vigil in the churchyard, and see what light for good common sense would throw upon it He longed to know what Victorine would say So while the sun was sinking, and she worked away with her pencil eager to catch its few remaining beams, he related the whole story He described the churchyard, the tomb, the silence, the bitter sorrow, as he read the inscrip- strengthen the surprise, the horror, the flight, the certainty that it was Constance' Victonno's hand stood still She listened, breathlessly, with a branch id face, and compressed lips "What do you think of that, Victorine in he asked , " tell me " " It was a delusion of the brain," she replied, speaking every word slowly and emphatically , " you were over excited. You had brooded on that one image until your imagination presented it to your bodily senses. It was no spirit ¡ it could not be " " But it was Constance," said Arthur. " Her golden hair, her features, her dress, how could I [ be mistaken ?" " There have been instances of delusions quite as startling," said Victorine 2 " but they have been proved to be delusions I would dismiss the subject from my thoughts. It is an unhealthy state of mind, when phantoms RESume the form of realities." " But, still-oh that you had seen her '" he | exclaimed. " Victorine, she cannot be alive '" Victorine gave a sudden start, then said, in a I tone that carried conviction with it, I think | you read her name upon the tomb." " Ab, that leaves no doubt, no doubt at all," I said Arthur, say. " It is not well to indulge this morbid fancy," continued Victorine; " there can be no link between us and the dead." " Memory links up with them," cried Arthur, quickly ; " bring them back to us, and us to them As surely as living faces gather round us, as are the spirits of the departed often at our side. I feel it I am certain of it. And it might be that this door being stopped for a moment into the garb of her mortality, looked kindly at me, and departed. What would be the wonder?" Even were it possible, Arthur and reason and nature are against it where would be the good ?" asked Victorine " It would be a cruel kindness. She had better have rested in her grave " Arthur was silent. " It is time this fancy gave way to a healthier feeling," continued Victorine, " place that beautiful things in your memory, it is of one departed, and leave space in your heart for other sympathies you would be better and happier " " You advise me to fall in love then cried Arthur, rousing himself and looking earnestly at her ' For your own sake, I do," said Victorine, returning his look with one of conscious integrity I am no by young girl, that I need simple and blush at the name of love My advice is perfectly disinterested," she added, amid ing 1 But I am fanciful," said Arthur I shall never see any Ohio that I like, and that will be a slight hindrance to your benevolent purpose " " It may not be so difficult as you imagine," said Victorine " The world is full of excellent women, though it does not boast such good losses as your Constance I have in my mind's eye-" " Oh, Victorine I" he cried, " do not begin match milking, leave that to ambitious widows and disappointed Bpinsturs It is not worthy of you " " I am not going to match smoke," replied Victorine, good humouredly. I am only going to suggest When one happens to know two generous natures, who would make each other happy, it is a kindly officer to guide them to each other. " That is quite true," said Arthur, looking at her with a kindling eye Victorine saw her advantage, and her pulse beat quicker. But soft command was a virtue always within her reach, and she went on sketching with the greatest coolness and pro vision. " I have a friend," she continued, " who would I suit you to admiration. She is sufficiently handsome to please your taste She is educated and refined The only question is, whether she would be disposed-" "But I am not at all disposed," interrupted Arthur , fie, Victorine, match making '" and he shook his head "It is the office of friend to suggest what is for your good," said Victorine. "I wish to leave you happier than I found you " "That is very kind," retumed Arthur, ton dearly, for the syren was drawing him nearer and nearer He had come almost to her foot Another moment, and she thought the poor silly fly that was buzzing about her web would be entangled. But patience, Victorine ' Not quite so soon IIB that' Arthur paused on the very brink of committing himself He do not love Victorine, though he liked her, and enjoyed her society Love was a different thing,, and at the present moment he felt this decide silly He rose as if struck by a sudden sense of danger, and, saying a few hurried words, wandered away among, the ruins He dare not ask this woman to be his wife. The very thought gave him a feeling of intense sadness, and the image of Const men rose up before him Victorine had miscalculated her power She was wrong when once boasted that the living was a match for the dead no paced up and down the ruin of what was once the chupo! Through the fragmentary windows, on either BHID, the ivy hung in luxuriant festoons The broken doorway at the end let in a peep of country, the village and the ' line of hills Arthur stood looking at it, and thought he must come and sketch here again I Then he resumed his walk, musing about Con I stance It was strange what a hold she had upon his imagination Now he could never shake it off if he did so partially, it would come back with all its force and vividness And yet she was no living woman, and he repeated aloud The IB dead'" and echo answered, ' She is dead I ' His wound opened, and bled afresh He felt a void in his heart that no one else could fill He placed the idol on its shrine, and swept away every other image from before it. It was a strange infatuation, but he could love no one OIBO NO, never! never! And Victoria's house upon the Band was all blown down OVAPTKU VII " VICTORINE," said Grace, coming into her room one morning before she was down, " I have a great favor to ask " " What may that be, Grace? and good morning to you," said Victorine, cheerfully "I want to know if you would mind lending me the jacket of your pink silk dress for an hour or two," Bald Grace " Dear me, Grace !" exclaimed Victorine, " are you going to masquerade ?" " Oh, no," she replied, " but I want to take the pattern, it is so stylish, and now the wash is over I am going to have a bout at dressmaking The dressmakers here are such a lot ' I can never get a gown to fit me unless I make it my self " Upon my word, Grace, you are a universal genius'" cried Victorine, in a tone of admira- tion " But does Arthur like you to turn dressmaker, and all that sort of thing ?" " I do not care whether he likes it or not, I always mean to do it," said Grace, stubbornly " Well, you are quite welcome to the jacket," suit Victorine, " but you must find it difficult to fit yourself " " I thought of asking you to try on the pattern, when I have tacked it together," said Grace. " You will not mind that, shall you ?" "Ask me! about the worst person in the world I hardly know a back from a front," said Victorine, in alarm I will cut out the pattern, at all events, and then we shall see," returned Grace, carrying off the jacket in triumph. It was a glorious day for Grace She had it in her power to subvert the whole household, and make every member of it thoroughly uncomfortable She set in for what she called a regular bout of it, and went beyond all bounds She got her pattern, and her papers, and her pine. She strewed the parlor, from end to end, with silks and lining muslins. Sho monopolised the whole of the table. She bit off her ends of cotton, clicked her needle against her thimble, pinned her work to her knee, and seemed to glory in removing herself as far from a young lady as possible Arthur had the boat of it he shut himself up in his studio, and never emerged from it ex« kept at meals, when Grace made her appearance, stuck us full of pins and needles as a pincushion. His pale harrassed face would have made her wretched if she could have spared a thought from her dressmaking to notice it Victorine was the principal sufferer. She kept aloof from Arthur elie thought it best after their slight adventure in the ruins It was more politic to leave him, for a time, to lean upmost his home, and feel how sharp it was. She knew there was no hope of relief or consolation except from herself She had only to be patient, and Arthur would find out her value, and come back all the better disposed. But it was hard work is being driven wholly upon Grace. There she sat, stitching away hour after hour, as if for her daily bread And Victorine was continually pressed into the service It was every minute, " Should you mind making me a little Borging ?" " Should you mind putting on those buttons for me ? You need not unless you like." It was certain Victorine did not like, but she did what she was asked Still, it was weary work, and almost more than her philosophy could bear She began to think she must positively give in, and go back to London One afternoon Victorine thought she would take a stroll, and for a few minutes escape the eternal stitching that was going on within She put on her bonnet and had just reached the garden gate when Arthur called to her from the study window "Where are you going, Victorine?" ho enquired "No where in particular," she replied. "Yes," she added immediately, " what a silly answer or ' I am going for a walk, Arthur," and with a friendly and, she was about to pass on. " Stay a moment," said he, "I will go with you" Arthur's head was drawn hastily in, and in another minute out he came with his hat and his stick in his hand "I have been longing for a walk all day," Bind lie. I am afraid we shall not have much more of this line bright weather," auld Violormo, as they walked along, " the air is beginning to feel chilly already " " Are you wrapped up enough ? Let me fetch you a BIIUWI Von are not looking well, Victorine," said Arthur, kindly "Oil, I am quite well, thank you" she replied; " and I shall soon got warm with walking " " You have not been into my studio for a long time," said Arthur reproachfully ' I have been helping Grace with her dress making," returned Victorine, laughing Oh, what a bore that must have been in said Arthur ' Grace is incorrigible! But you should have come to me , my studio is in sanctum that she never dies to violate " 11 have tunic myself very happy and con touted, ' replied Victorine carelessly "By the way, I shall have to go home next week " ' Bul, Victorine, I cannot spare you," said Arthur ; " indeed I cannot ' ' " Perhaps you will not be consulted in the matter," reduced Victorine good humouredly, hut with a shade of coquetry " Yea I BIIUII," said Arthur, " and I shall say is positive and decided no Victorine do not leave me," is added mournfully " I have had a Bud rilnpBo I have been at my old ways again You had one id of how unsettled I am !" "I BOO you um," auld Victorine " but what can I do ? How can I help you ?" " Reason with me," said he " There is something in your voice that convinces me " 11 have reasoned Am I to say the same thing 01 up again ?" fluid Victorine, smiling. " Yi a-Iwuntliiio upon line, precept upon precept," he replied " Well, then, it is a kind of morbid disease," said Victorine " It will grow with nourishing it, as you do, in your studio I should send away that picture if I were you ' "No never'' cried Arthur, with horror. "How can you propose anything so cruel ?" ' I do propose it," repeated Victorine. " While you can feast on that picture, your de- lusion will never die Every time you look at it, it raises feelings of disgust " "But what would you do with it?" cried Arthur, half stupified at the thought " Bond it out into the world, and not others have the bom fit," replied Victorine "It would make your fortune " It do not want fortune," said Arthur, say. " It is a during proposition of yours to take away all that is most precious to me in the world " All most precious to him' The expression grated on Viotonno'e our Constance was a dangerous rival, and as yet remained the mistress of his heart. " When I am gone home-" Victorine began to say, after they had walked on a little in Balance "You are not going home at present. Pray do not think of it," mloirupod Arthur, hastily. "But it is a settled thing," said Victorine, in a tone of great unconcern , " and what is more I may not come into this neighborhood again at present " " And why not ?" he asked. " For no reason that I need specify, since it concerns no one but myself" was the reply. Arthur felt a sensation of anxiety and discomfort. "What do you mean ?" he asked. " No, no, I will tell no secrets," said Victorine. " You cannot expect it I always fancied this would be a farewell visit-and perhaps it may." " Perhaps ?" Iopeutod Arthur. "Then it is doubtful." Victorine made no answer, but the hand that rested on Arthur's arm troubled a little "You are going to be married, Victorine?" "I did not say so," she replied. "But you United it," sad Arthur E " and the last is very terrible If you have any pity you will put me out of suspense " " Dear me, Arthur, what can it matter to you?" said Victorine, turning her eyes upon him with a look of innocent surprise. What indeed' While she was within his reach it mattered nothing , but threaten to take her away, and he felt ready to dispute the point with the whole world. He could have despatched his rival on the spot Both Arthur's man and Victorious were alike. They wore nothing but phantoms. Victorine was not going to be married positively, so she admitted, in answer r to Ina repeated one ones But a young nobleman was in the distance, and against this myth, for it was no other, Arthur stumbled desperately. As soon as the walk was ended, Arthur retired to his studio, to think over what was best to be done. The idea of a man wound up his feelings to a slim ix If he let Victorine go, he might never see her again, or if he did, as the wife of another, and the thought was excessively galling to him. She had not pledged her word to this young: nobleman, and the field was open to them both He should never meet with any one he liked so well as Victorine, or whom he could trust with his precious secret. He even thought he loved her as much she could love Constance being dead He was young, years of life lay before him He could not waste the whole treasure of his love upon a phantom. Victoria was kind, and good, and wise. Let her come into the place of this dead beauty. Let him give her room in his affections. Let him ask her to be his wife, and let the other rest in her tomb. Life must needs be more beautiful than the death. Yes, he would try the experiment ! [to ax coimxciD 