THE LOWER CHAMBER. THE resolutions framed by tho standing ord era coinmittoo of tho Assembly in refer- ence to suggested alterations in tho Chamber aro matters of considerable importance, and Seemingly havo been amply discussed hythe committee, who havo had tho subject under consideration from the 17th of last December until last Friday night, when tho Chairman of the committee, Sir Jumes Martin, brought up their report. Tho alleged facts which they Lad to consider and report on wens, ag stated în thoir roport, tho following : That thia Chnmhor ia not woll suited to purposes of ¿lobato hy reason, firstly, of its had proportic3 iu nu acousticpoint of view; and, socondly, by reason of tho great distnncc at which tho member* uro necessarily placed from each other according to thc present arrange- ment of tho Bonis. That tho currents ot air which pervade tho chamber uro a source of great discomfort to honourahlo members. That it bo referred to tho standing orders committco to enquire and report what remedies (if any) can bo np- ! plied in the proini'cB. ? Haying taken evidence on these matters, and amply considered them, the committee adoptéft the following resolutions : That the committee are usable to iee any advantage in altering th« disposition'ef the eeats. That they cannot suggest any plan fer preventing the ingress of currents of air from the east end of the chamber, without making costly and extensive altera- tions, whioh they cannot recommend. They think the inconvenience at present arising from theso draughts may bo m uah diminished by the appointment of additional door-keepers. That they think tho st»ff of servants ought to be in- creased Practically, therefore, tho' labours of the committee have ended in leaving the grievance exactly as they found it. The expense of required alterations is assigned as tho reason why they cannot suggest »ny plan for preventing the ingress- of currents of air from the east end of the Chamber, but this can be regarded as a reasonable ground for not taking action in the matter only when it is considered in con- nection with the new buildings for the use of Parliament. If tho present- Chambers were to be the Legislative halls of the colony in perpetuity, then, we should at once advocate the removal of the defects complained of, irrespective of the expense. When gentlemen give up their time to the service of their country, and incur some considerable outlay as well, the least that the country con do is to rrlake them comfortable. In every free country legislation is effected by means of speech, and every one knows that it is much easier to speak in a chamber acoustically per- fect than in one that is dofective in that respect. Perhaps tho draughts of. air men- tioned in tho report are not mattors of much moment ; but whether they are so or not, they certainly might be remedied by the means suggested by the committee. There is one matter hower, which seemingly the com- mittee has paid no attention to, but which, if attended to in the .proper way, would tend very powerfully to remedy the acoustic de- fects of the chamber. We allude to the buzz and hum of conversation so. frequently carried on while honourable mern esra aro addressing tho House. Thia conversational hum is often loud enough to bo distinctly heard all over the Chamber, and not unfre quently it collides with the voice of whoever maybe addressing the House, and thereby pro- duces acoustic effects of an unpleasant, and sometimes of a fantastic character. We have often felt surprise at the way in which honor- able gentlemen converso while unimportant speakers are addressing the House. Wo know very well that it is a hard thing to sit silent for an hour or so listening to the speeches of some honorable members whose voices are as rough and asun-euphonious as nutmeg graters', and whose sentences scarcely contain even the ghost of an idea; but then as honorable members have undertaken to do duty in Parliament, they ought to endeavour to do it in the best way possible. Let them try for only one night, simply as an experi- ment, to sit as silent auditors of whoever may be the speech-makers on that occasion, and wo can assure thom that they will find a con- siderable portion of the acçoustic defects ot the chamber very cheaply remedied. 