FAULT-FINDING. ' fTrom tA* AaUAteomnfi 'Dowmtie lfwwiwj FiriJ-ifiritttra — a most respectable little animal, that many pepple lat run freely among th eb domestic vines,' under the up. ton tiut h* ^ gipwth ot Um grapes, and is tha princtpal msaas^of kuspiag'ttaiji in. order.-,-. - . Now. it may safely be. set down MA.iua*im that nobody. likes: to- be found fault wtth,-|uit everybody likes tp find fault when things ,40 not suit him. ' . Let my courteous reader ask him orhei^plf if he or ehe does not experience a relief and pleasure in finding fault with or. about what ever troubles tbem. . „ This appears at first sight an anomaly tn the provisions of nature. Generally we are so constituted that what it is. a pieasare for m to do it ia n. nlnnnnrn to onr neurhbonv ia have us do. It is a pleasure to loye, aqd a pleasure to, be loved; a pleasure to admire, and a pleasure to be admired. It is a plea* sure also to find fault, but not a pleasure to be found fault with. Furthermore, 'thope people whose sensitiveness of temperament leads them to find the most fault are, ptjB oisely those who oan least bear to be fotupd fault with ; they bind heavy burthens aj6d I grievous to be borne, and lay them ou ;Qtjjer men's shoulders, but they themselves cannot bear the weight of a finger. Now tbe difficulty in the case is this : there are, things in life that need to be al tered, and tbat things may be altered, they ' must be spoken of to tbe people whose busi ness it is to make the change. Thiajpmas wide the door of fault-finding to wel (-dis- posed people, and gives them latitude of conscience to impose on their fellows all the annoyance whioh they themselves feel. Tbe father and mother of a family are .fault finders, ex officio ; and to them flows b^ u the tide of every separate individual's. w plaints in the domestic circle, till often/ whole air of the house is chilled/' darkened by a drizzling Scotch mist off f rulousness. Very bad are these mi/ /. grape-vines, and produce mildew in many h fair cluster. EnthuBius falls in love with Hermione, because ehe looks like a moonbeam — be- cause she is ethereal as a summer .cloud, spirituelle. He oommences forthwith the perpetual adoration system that preoedpa marriage. He assures her that she .is too good for tbis world, too delicate and fair for any of the uses of poor mortality— that she , ought to tread on roses, sleep on the cloud* — that she ought never to shed a tear, knojv a fatigue, or make an exertion, but liv$ apart in some bright ethereal sphere worthy of her oharms. All whioh .is duly ohantea in her ear in moonlight walks or. sails, .and so often repeated that a sensible girl may be ? excused for believing that a little of it mpy be true. Now comes marriage — and it turns out that Enthusius is very particular as to his coffee, and that he is exoessively disturbed if his meals are at all irregular, and that -hff' cannot be comfortable with any table ar rangements whioh do uot resemble those of his notable mother, lately deoeased iu - the odour of sanctity; he also wants; his bouse in perfect order at all times. Still he- dciep not propose to provide a trained housekeeper ; it is all to be effected by means of oertaiy raw Irish girls, under the superintended' of this angel who was to tread on roses, sleep on clouds, and never know an earthly care. Neither bas Enthusius ever consid ered it a part of a husband's duty to bear personal inconveniences in silence. He would freely shed his blood for Hermione— nay,' has often frantically proposed - the same in the hours of courtship, when of course no body wanted it done, and it could answer no manner of use ; and thus to the idyllic dialogues of that period succeed such a* these:— 'My dear, this tea is smoked; oan't you gpt Jane into the way of oooking it better ? '' 'My dear, I. have tried; but she will not do as I tell her.' 'Well, all I know is, other people. nan have good tea, and I should think, ,prp might.' And again at dinner— I' My dear, this mutton is overdone agair t it is always overdone.' ''Not always, dear, beoause ypu reoql'-jec on.Monday you said it was just right'; ?: ' Well, almost alyays.' ' Well, my dear, the reason to-day i jras, had company in tbe parlour^ and, oou' id' nc go ou^ to oaution Bridget, as I genert ily d- It's very_ difficult to get things dor ,e wit suoh a girl.' , '! Sly mother's things were alw ays w6 done, .po ipatter what her girl was. ' . Again : ',My dear, you.mustspi jakto'tb servants about wasting .the -coal* i I^nBvt saw, such a consumption ^f fuel in a famii of bur size ; ' or, * my dear, how can yo let Maggie tear, the. jmorwig pap«c; ' oi 'my dear, I shall actually have to gire -n' opming to dinner if my dinners oannot -.b regular ; '? or, ' my dear,i I wish youi wquI* look at (he wur my . shirts are ironed- eit f perfectly Bp^ndaloup ; ' or, 'jny dear, yot mart not let J ohauy, fiager the mirror intb parlour ; ' or, ' my dear, you must. stop children from playing in tbf garret;' at ' my dear, you must see that Maggie doesn'' leave the mat out on the railing when ah- sweeps the front hall ; '? and so on, and. downstairs, in tha lady's chamber; tf attio, garret, and cellar, 'my dear' » ti see that nothing , goes wrong, and she i found fault with when it does. . » Yet Enthuains, when oooasionally.he his sometime angel in tears, and ahe tell bim he does pot love her aa .he onoe SB repudiates the ohaiga with nil his heart} declares he loves her more *¥«?'? ever— am perhaps he does. The only thing isthai sh has pained ..out., of. the plane of mnmnAbu and poetey into that of aotnalitiss. Whil she was considered an angel, a star, a hM an evening clond, of conns there waa thing to he fonndfeult with inher; haft/ that the *ngel has beoome chief ? partner in an earthly working firm) nlr jggK , are different: Enthusiusnould sayth things over again under the Mas * j stances; but unfortunately now ,y nt{N are in the same eiroumstenoes. J inflow is minplya qian who isia th* habit of s^eW8® ing frou* impulse,. and'aayiog atfc .ingnmt and only Tbepaope he -feels it. , F *fore riage he worshipped and adored , his wife^th an ideal being dwelling ia the land 19 dreams and .poibriw, and did -bts ivetT !tt ? to au&a; herunpraotioal and*infittedfar«£ joy the life to whioh be was ( .o introduoe li ' after,, marriage. Aftoc msxriaga he M ywrap uurauBwipgiy to presstn tHnwito which are no longer to praxes, bnt to nftittt. and condemn. .Ihe VM7 «efiaib;lity tbbe«a and love of eWaacc whiab herbefora marriage, now Thns far we snppope an amiable, submis \- rim wife, whois only grieved, not provoked, who has no sense of injustice, and meekly strives to make (rood the hard condition of ber lot. Bach poor Httle women have we seen, looking for all the world like plants that have been nursed and forced into bloom in the steam-heat of the conservatory, and are now eiokly and yellow, dropping leaf by leaf in the dry, dnsty parlour. Bat there is another side of the. picture where the wife, provoked and indignant, takes op the fanlt-findiDg trade in return, and with the keen arrows of her woman's wit searches and penetrates every joint of the husband's armour, showing herself fall aa unjust and far . more calpable in this sort of oonfliot. Saddest of all ead things is it to see two once very dear friends employing all that peculiar knowledge of eaoh other which love bad given them, only to harass and provoke, throating and pieroing with a certainty of sim that only past habits of confidence and affection could have pat .in their power, wounding their own hearts with every deadly thrust they make at one another, and all for ench inexpressibly miserable trifles as usually form the openings of faultfind faitr dramas. For the contentions that loosen the very foundations of love, that crumble away all its fine traceries and carved work, about what miserable, worthless things do they commonly begin !— a dinner underdone, too meioh oil consumed, a newspaper torn, a waste of oil or soap, a dish broken ! — and for tbis miserable sort of traBh, very good, very generous, very religious people will sometimes waste and throw away by double handfbls the thing for which houses are bnilt, and coal burned, and all the parapher nalia of home established — their happiness. Better cold coffee, smoky tea, burnt meat, better any inconvenience, any Iobb, than a I loss of love ; and nothing so surely barns away love as constant fault-finding, for fault-finding onoe allowed aB a habit between two near and dear friends comes in time to establish a chronic soreness, eo tbat the mildest, the most reasonable suggestion, the gentlest implied reproof, occasions burning irritation ; and when this morbid stage has once aet in, the restoration of love seems well nigh impossible. For example: Enthusius having got up this morning in the best of humonrs, in the most playful tones, begs Hermione not to make the tails of her 'g's' quite so long, and Hermione fires up with — ' And pray what else wouldn't you wish me to do ? Perhaps yon would be bo good when you have leisure, as to make oat an alphabetical list of the things in me that need correcting.' ' My dear, you are unreasonable.' ' I don't think so. I should like to get io the end of the requirements of my lord and master sometimes.' 'Now, my dear, you really are very ailly.' 'Please say something original, my dear. I have heard that till it has lost the charm of novelty.' 41 Oome, now, Hermione, don't let's quarrel.' ' My dear sir, who thinks of quarrelling? Not I ; I em sure I was only asking to be directed. I trust some time, if I live to be ninety, to suit your fastidious taste. I trust the coffee is right this morning, and the tea, and the toast, and the steak', and the ser vants, and the front-hall mat, and the upper storey hall- door, and the basement premises ; and now I suppose I am to be trained in respect to my general education. I shall set about the tails of my ' g's ' at once.; but trdst you will prepare a list of any other little things that need emendation.' ' Bnthnsius pushes away his coffee and Arams 'on the table. ' If I might be allowed one small criti cism, my dear, I should observe that it is hot gobd manners' to drum on the table,'' says his fair opposite. \- .?'(fiertnione, you are 'enough to drive a man frantic! ' ezolaims Enthusius, rushing ont with bitterness in his boul, 'and a deter mination to take his dinner at this club. ? Enthusius feels himself an abused man, ind thinks' there never was such a sprite of t woman— the most' utterly unreasonable, irovoking human being be ever met with. CPbat he tides not think of is that it is his iwn incohsiderateVcbntitant fault-finding that is» made -fevery nerve so sensitive and -sore hat the mildest sqggeMion of advice or re ireofon tbe mtat-fntiiffWeat subjeot is iin KMsible. -He hAs not^'to be 'surei been the,' railty: pfertyi in- this ' morning's' . enoopnter. \ {e haus&idonlf; what is fair and'pfope^, ' nd : ehe- has - been unreasonable and cross ; ' «t(afterall, ther faultis remotely his. 1 ? When 'Enthusius awoke, after tnarriage, -.£nd in hiB Hermione in very deed drily '' a ? urd^a'star, a flower, bat no horipekfc'epBty hyrdid' he not ' face the ,matter. like ah ' oneit juan ?. Why did he hbt remetriber all iefiimthingfcabout dependence atid use-' tseneasiwith Whioh be had 'been filling her ' aad'fnr a year or two, and in 'common' Bbesty exact no more'from her than be had' trgmntidforf ?' Citn a bird make:a good' Jtsiaeba manager? Can a flower oversee iddy and Miker,*nd iApart to theirntidy £e& sart' -the' high crafta and' ifliyeteneB s frtegatt housekeeping? ? ' £Ef/hta. little ^wife has to learn hpr domestic household ddty, 1 aa'tookf' girls do, ' by a , oueand mortifitatiodn, a thotiMand pet- plfexf- . tS,, e tbousand failoreB, let him, in ordinary' imsea,oanake it as -easy to heir as ^possible. .remember with what admiring filee -foefbre marriage he received' Tier e^ ytofasaihtas of otter helplessness and jfipacitjy Hi domestic matters; finding only fXirf- *id'i grace in what,1 efter: ma triage, M^ an pnabyatioe. j|p§4fafnaA finds that ;he has a wife ill towilely duties, doesi* follow tbat i„be«t*biBgfceoati do is 'to' 'blurt ont, or were mo ny, all the cfritioiems ? kcorreotjona whioh -may toocttf'to tiiin in' I .A^njr dstaib of household' Jifef He |p ptrt.djws to'epeaktoith aslittlepreface, -°F dream locution lo bin bdeinees UMjc to his 'bubober, ©r his ^ baker. hroyEut^asius' waea bachelor, !he nteVer Uciaisd, tilB table at bis boerdrng-hoii&e; ^out pome reflection, aud eta dying totuVe a bicnsplf acceptable ' words» whereby 'to : asperity: of the criticism. The »;of.aoctq^ main that a mah ebntHd wften, and wisely time hia admonl w. ^ ^oge be tnieta in the outer World, ^bey.wt}l;^ani.egainand'4«ndhim. But iu opp wife.io bia ows boiae and home; 1 wtiiuo ; aod 4a 4lie! '? toe of a year or two to find bis wife a changed #oman, and bis home a^ndjwable. He may find, tod, that unoeremoiiioua fault finding is a gatne that two can play a Vend that a woman can Bhoot her arrows with' far more precision and skill than a man. But the fault lies not always on the side of the husband. Quite as often is a devoted, patient, good- tempered man harassed and hunted and baited by the inconsiderate fault finding of a wife whoBe principal talent seems to lie in the ability at first glance to discover and to make manifest the weak point in everything. We have seen the most generous, the most warm-hearted and obliging of mortals, under this eort of training, made the most morose and disobliging of husbands. Sure to be found fault with whatever they do, they have at last ceased doing. The disappointment of not pleasing they have abated by not trying ' to please. We once knew a man who married ai spoiled beauty, whose murmurs, exactions, and caprices were infinite. He had at last, as a refuge to his wearied nerves, settled down 1 into a habit of utter disregard and neglect ; he treated her wishes and ber complaints with equal indifferenoe, and went on .with' his life as nearly as possible as if she did not exist. He silently provided for her what he 1 thought proper, without troubling himself to notice her requests or listen to her grievances. Sickness came, but the heart of her husband was cold and gone ; there was no sympathy left to warm her. Death came, and he breathed freely as a man released. He mar ried again — a woman with no beauty, but mnch love and goodness — a woman who asked little, blamed seldom, and then with all the tact and address which the utmost thoughtfulness cotild devise ; and the passive, negligent husband became the attentive, de voted slave of her will. He was in her hands as clay in the hands of the potter ; the least breath or suggestion of criticism from her lips, who critioised so little and so thoughtfully, weighed more with him than many outspoken words. So different is the eame human being, according to the touch of the hand whioh plays upon him '. A Senator and a Gentleman. — It might be generally supposed that a man who has reached to the position of a legislator is a gentleman, or, at least, does hia best to make people believe so ; this is not always the case. It frequently happens that publio speakers find fault with tbe reports of their, utterances, and many do so in terms of vulgarity unworthy of men in honourable positions, and positively cruel to the feelings of reporters. The Bight Hon. W. E. Glad stone had occasion to correct the report of a passage in one of his speeches— and how did he do it? Not by voiding a torrent of abusive epithets and low innuendos on the luckless head of the reporter, but by taking the blame on himself in this quiet and thoughtful way: — 'In your interesting article of to-day on the study of Homer, you have quoted from a report of some remarks made by me at the meetiog on Tuesday last of the Society of Biblical Archaeology the words — ' Every day mu&t; begin for me with my old friend Homer.' I wish to say that the reporter has been led, probably by some careless or indistinct expression of mine, into an error.' Here is the consideration of the ecbolar and tbe gentleman. for his brother of the press — an acknowledgment of the arduous duties of the latter, while at the same time the error being probably that of the reporter, is most delicately oorreoted. The Aoe of Mat?. — Faraday adopts Flouria's physiological theory that the age of man is one hundred years. The duration of life he believes to be measured by the time of growth. When once the bones and epiphBes ere united, the body grows no more, and it is at twenty years this union is effected in man. The natural termination of life is five removes from the several points. Man, being twenty years in growing, lives five times twenty years, that is to say, one hundred yean ; the oatn£l is eight years in growing, and lives five times efgfht years, that is to say forty years ;''the hf»i| is fiv'e yeM8 in growing and lives twenty-five ^ears ; and so with other animals. - The Wan who does not' die of sickness lives' anywhere 'from eighty to one hundred years. Providence has given man a century of life; but be does not attain iti because hainherits disease, eats unwholesome food, gives license to his passions^ ' and permits vexation, _to disturb his- healthy equipoise. He does not die--'' he kills himself. The' professor-divides life iuto equal halves-^-grow th and decltne^and these halves into infahcy, youth, virility, and age. Infancy extends to the twentieth year ;L youtb-to the fiftieth, because it' iB daring' this time 'that the tissues become fifm ; virility from fifty to seventy five)- daring which the organism remainfs' edniplete;. and at seventy-five years, old age commences. - Indoor Safbtf to a- TjrtWDEEsrdSM:.— In tropical climates, euoh «s pur o#n, W wfe are eubjeot to heaVy 'thunderstorms, it may be nseful'&o;' know' the 'safest 'positions that, people can occupy during the- racing Of a thunderstorm. : The hints have nmantifed from Mr.- Latimer Dlarke, One ofthe first eleotrieiariB in lEorope : — ' A person reclin tttg on ia eofa or bed at a distance from all t^e /Walls of the room could scarcely suffer' iqjuty, even in a houie sbruck by lightning ; but mOst absolute eecarity is obtained by lying on an iron or brass bedstead- of the form known a*j ihe Arabian' bedstead,' in Which ;ithe bead! is - surmounted by aa iron erection supporting the curtains; ' A person lying- or alAepifag on euoh a bedstead could not jwesiblyreceive any direct injury, even' if the house were demolished, as his bedstead forma -the most cdmplete . lightning protector whioh could well be devised. A woodea bedstead plaoed against die wall does nBt afford any. special security. It may farther console some tp know that after seeing the : flash the danger is -past, the crash of the tbqndfer, however^ terrifio. it may! appear, being perfectly harmless. ! Skbxoot -Jhahoe Against a Cabman.— At the Kew court the. other day, a cabman | named Aaron Donglae wad .'brought before die bench on two charges, one of having io dm-ently - assaulted -a girl, .named. . Harriet Kingf and another of robbing ihe.same girl i cff-, a watch and broooh »and- some other articles. TbeproeoaOtrix stated that oo the evening of the ; 26th ult. ahe, hr -company with her Bister, snd-* yoaag-man named Fitzjames, walke-d £r»fn M«lbourne to Bich mond on their w^. bome to Eaw. .On *r rivingatlEtichmond the ais^erbacl A'j^iatinR ^ fit, and Via taken irito1JthB ~N0ieV boKL' i^lMiraproeeotitHxrbad^a«UiBarof brtn^'j The pnadner Wsi dr^ven^M^ td dri^e ;|b^ «|n- girlsbome; audW t^in^j to kiss her, he proposed to taks pnweoatrix back to Helbonrne with bim. She refused to go, howevier, and told Douglaa ahe bad to be home at nine o'clook. Witness alleged that prisoner said, 'never mind— yon can etay all night with me.' Prosecutrix stall refused, and nothing more occurred until the Hawthorn Bide of the river was reached, when the alleged assault was oommitted. They than drove on and stopped at Mnrohin ton's hotel, wbere the prisoner gave witness some port wine and brandy mixed, which ehe drank. ^ The prisoner kept her waiting so long drinking inside that witness drove off in his cab, and left her sinter, who was etill j nnwell, at home, and on driving back she met the prisoner in another cab. Prisoner asked her why Bhe drove off, and she replied that he should not have kept her waiting so long. Douglas then got into his own cab, and_ drove off with witness, who felt tbe motion of the cab Tor a short time, became insensible, and remembered nothing more j until she found herself locked up in the Kew watchhouse, charged with being drank. Before leaving Melbourne the prosecutrix had bad a glass of brandy. At this stage, the bench considering there was no oase, dis missed the first charge. The oase of the robbery was then gone into. Senior-con- j stable Mc Gratb stated that, when in the ' lock-up, the girl Harriet King reported the Iobb of a watch, chain, brooob, and some other articles. On arresting the prisoner witness asked him to hand over the things he had stolen. Douglas denied stealing them, and placed his hand on his pocket, and gave them up with the exception of the brooch, Baying that he foand them in the cab. Pri soner's wife gave the constable the brooob. Prisoner made no attempt at concealment, and said he had only just got out of bed. Mr. Gillott, for the defence, submitted that the charge was not substantiated, as it was evident that the property had been found by Douglas in his cab, and that they would have been returned in due time. The bench con sidered there were some doubts as to the prisoner's guilt, so they gave him the benefit of it, and discharged him.— Melbourne I Daily Telegraph. | The Delaware Horror.— Tbe murder and shocking mutilation of a negro, by a Professor West, of Dover, Del., and the unusual character of the attempts to. oonceal the crime, has occasioned considerable ex citement throughout the state. Mr. West was formerly a professor of a school at Dover, and is a person of considerable scien tific attainments. For over a year past he had been experimenting with a new and pe culiar kind of gas, the properties of which are not known to anybody but the manufac turer. About the time he began his experi ments he had his life insured for 25,000 dol. He caused one report to be spread that one peculiar property of the gas was the remo val of the skin from the body, and to pre vent all possible identification, or even to ascertain the complexion. On Thursday morning there was a terrible explosion in the professor's laboratory. A man, supposed to be the professor, was found on the floor. His head, feet, and hands, were missing, and the skin had entirely disappeared. The explosion had set the building on fire, but it was saved from destruction. Shreds of clothing were found on the disfigured body, whioh were identified by the professor's wife as belonging to her husband. There seemed to be no doubt that the professor had been experimenting with his gas when the explo sion occurred, and that he had lost his life. A strict search of the building resulted in the discovery of a quantity of powder un derneath the floor where the body was found, enough to have blown the body to atoms if the flames had reached it. A further exam ination indicated that the head, feet, and hands of the corpse had been out off and not blown from the body, and that the akin had been peeled from every portion of it. Sopje dajs before this the professor had hired a coloured man aa a servant. The man was missing,. and. people began to sus pect that he had mardered his muter, mil tUatod bis body, placed jt upon tbe floor of the laboratory, and 'caused, the explosion. The story of . the conductor of the train, which left on that morning.' at fonr o'clock, tio the effect that a, man bad ,got,on board there, carrying a large bundla/butito muffled up as to be unrecognisable, and behaying in a peculiar manner, together with the fact that the professor's wife, when told of the disaster to her .hasband, received the intelli gence without any sign ojt deep emotion, caused some Burprise. When it was known that his life was insured for 25,000 dol., suspicion w;as aroused, and the authorities went to work. The professor was caught in Maryland and brought back to Doyer. It was discovered that the coloured man. had not killed him, but that he hpd killed , the coloured man. He admitted^ tbe murder, but ?aid thfit jt .wai committed in selfde fence ; that Cooch, Turner (the - man mur dered) bad obtained a .glimppe of his pocket book as he was paying him . for some ; work done, whereupon be ! (Turner) picked up a hammer t^tid demanded tbe money or. bis life. ' Turner then^be says,' advanced £pon him with the hammer uj- lifted, when, -he picked up a bar of iron, one or , two feet in lepgtb, and £truck him on the bac^ of the negk, killing hita. instantly ... This waa done on Monday. _ The commission of the mur der ^?i^eed'him.wifh^hoi^or,. and, bis next, thought was die disposition of. thebody- He. began tp'.feipoyfi the bpdy .p|epemeal| oatting off the haudq, bead, and , feet, with, the in tention of- buiyiiig -them, but ihe ground was fros^n so hard that this was foand to be an impossibility, and so he resolved upon the plan to burn the bailding.and the body with it', he inxthe meantime disappearing, in the hope that, the charred remains would be taken for his own, and the whole affair would be attributed to an explosion .of the gas which be was experimenting with. Mijrder at Leeds.— A savage murder was committed at .Leeds on Tuesday after noon by a ypsog fellow named John Morris upon an elderly man named Petex Dooker. Tbey were distant relatives, and lived together in a low .locality named Back George-street. It is . stated that litoni* quarreljcicl with daoeaseds wife, and Dooker interfered, : whereupon Mo^ns fariouely turned ^pon him, and beat bim with a stick. After that he beat bim with a poker, aod. at last be 'beat .the ohl. jnan fearfully with 4, atool. .Fot' £ome' ; njinntes before the polipft arrived Uie. people crowded outside the doord of the boose, and dared Ino^ enter, though. -thsy,aaw the. savage '.work going. 00. apeetstors .in' ibis wa/ saw Morris aatriae Peter D-»ker on tlie flbbr and |-elaboiipagj bim Mth' tremendous force. ; jjlfcu .ini be bad put aside the poker and stick. The people ontaide threw brioks at the ferodoai ' man bat they bad not tbe oourage to do anything more. The murderer gfared at them, exdUuning every now and then, ' they wanted to poison me.' Morria ia now in custody. He appeared to be quite sober; but there was a strange wildneaa in his manner, and he had on his own head wounds whioh must have been inflicted by a heavy instrument Dooker died in the Leeds Infirmary soon after being reoeived there. Dooker'a wife has been removed ..to - the infirmary in a precarious etate, Morris having attaoked her before he set npon the deoeased. The prisoner was examined at the borough police court on Wednesday. When asked if he wished to question the. witnessep, kh dropped on his knees in the dock, begging pardon, and aaying he was subject to fits, snd that when eo attaoked he did not know what he waa about. The prisoner was remanded for a week, the magistrate giving notice to the gaol authorities that he was supposed to be in eane. The English Languaob. — We were prepared for almost any prediction of change that might assimilate Japanese manners and enstoms to those of Europe ; but we must admit that the possible adop tion of oar language by the thirty millions of that countiy in the place of their own is a revolution that had not occurred to us as possible. It appears, however, that it is an event looming in the future. The Japanese minister to the United StateB has expressed bis^ conviction that the language of Japan, whioh is desoribed as very poor, will give place to the English language for general purposes, and the existing vernacular be preserved merely as a curiosity. The new publio eohools are looked to as the medium of promoting this vast change. Our mother tongue is already being unconsciously adopted by India, and we may note that it will, to all appearances, soon be bb free spoken in Asia aB io America or Australasia. Of all languages it would seem that the English has the best chance of extinguish ing the confusion of tongues.— Homeward Mail. J Effectiveness xjf Weapons of War. — j The Elberfield Gazette publishes Borne statistics on the comparative deadliness of the different weapons used in the Franco German war. Oat of 3453 Germans wounded before Metz, no fewer than 95.5 per oent were struok by chassepot balls; 2.7 per cent, only were wounded by pro jectiles from heavy guns, and there were only 0.8 per oent. of wounds from cold steel. As to the Frenoh wounded, it is oaloulated that as high a proportion as 25 per cent. Were wounded by artillery projectiles, and about 70 per oent. by the fire of the zundnadelgewehr. No fewer than 25,000 Frenohmen in all were struok by the projectiles of the German artillery. This gives an average of one efleotive ehot in every three fired from the German batteries, a result which appears to be hardly credible. The losses in the different branches of the German army are estimated as follows by the Gazette: — Of every 100 men put hore de combat, 90 per cent, were in the infantry, 5 per oent in the cavalry, and only 3 per cent, belonging to the artillery. The total number of cartridges fired by tbe GermanB in the late war is said to have been 25,000,000, or about 30 per man. The war having lasted— for fighting purposes— just six months, this gives only an average of five cartridges per man per month for the whole army. The Peckham Ghost Captured. — For some weeks past the inhabitants of Peokham and neighbourhood hare been annoyed, and many persons alarmed, by the pranks played by an individual who has earned the name of the Peokham Ghost. In the lonely etreets numbers of persons have been startled by the appearance. of a figure clothed in white suddenly confronting them in sonie lonely spot, and children and women particularly hare been greatly alarmed^ For weeks the police have been sndeavouring to catch this ghost, but without effeot, until November 29, when , the prisoner .iwaa captured. When brought before the magistrate, Inspector Gedge deposed that aereral complaints had been lodged at the 8tation of persons being alarmed by tbe ghost. After the prisoner was captured it was ascertained that a person carrying a half-gallon of beer in a stone bottle was passing along when -a ' man suddenly' confronted him, and throwing np bis arms and ottering, some dismal cries; 'bo alardaed him. that be dropped thB vessel containing the beer, and ran off in tbe ntmost 'dismay. Several other persons had been frightened by tbe prooeedings of the ghost/ and . Women pnd children in many (nstantoii toere rffrafd to dame' put after dark.* Matilda Ayres. a girl about thirteen years of age, ' said she was in the Sumner-road,' when she t-a# a man; whom ehe af terwards ' identified as'tbb prisoner.1' He sudden ly confrbnted bBh, threw ' u{- bia armif, uttered some fitrange 1 soUDds/ and 'greatly alarmed her. She' ran home, 'and' s(»ortty ' Afterwards' heard that th'e gbbst was captured. Sbe had bflfore seen hiln^ ahd he ttjen elarmed her. After the alartb was 'given that the Peckbam ghost was 'in' tbe neighbourhood of Sumner road, a large Dumber of persons turne^l b'u\ for tbe purpose ojf cnp.turing bim, and ultimately 'he was followed 'eni^run down io a'faouici where he bad taken refuge, .'Upon bim was round a quantity oft pea8, whioh be Iras feaid to use in tbfowing at tbe wiadows f 'bouses' and greatly alafmiog the inmates late at night. Tbe prisoner denied the charge ind auid, ' I am as innocent as a new-born ^aby.' The prisoner, wbo said be had 'no borne,*' waB remanded. Visit op the Japanese Ambassadors to the Queen. — The Japanese ambassadors visited the Queen at Windsor Castle, on Thursday afternoon. Tbs embassy, on arriving at the Windsor station, were re ceived -and conducted by the court officials to tbe castle in five carriages, throe of which were drawn by four horses, with outriders in aoarlet and gold, where a guard of honor of tbe Snd Battalion of Grenadier Guards, con sisting of. one hundred - sank and file, with th- band and Queen's colours, nnder the oommand of Oolonbl Onstanoe, was stationed in tbe Quadrangle. Tbe weather was beau ,ti fully fine, and large numbers of spectators wara attracted to th# station, «nd witneased ' the procession to ths oastle, where the throne ,and reoeption-rootna had been prepared for the andienpe. A susaptuous Inwmsoa was seired; to the officers of. ths embassy in (me of theBtate rooms. Her Majesty, aazronaded by tbe royal suite andsourt offidals,t«6Mved the smbassy aoon after their amval at tbs ,osf^e.: ^^,tlTeomra«f 'the(hw^.«are-on duty, ana tbs reoeption was befitting tbe 00 oanm. After 'tiw oeeemoajr tiw embeef returned to London by epeoial Great Western train. —Weekly Dispatch. I Kebokkne as a Curative Agent. — Mr. W. G. Kemp, M.B.C.P., and M.B.O.S., of 1 Wellington, New Zealand, eends to ihe British Medioal Jonrnal an aooonnt of aix oases of rhenmatiem in whioh kerosene appears to have aoted almost as a epeoifio. The dose is s teaspoonful in a wineglass ful of water qyery other night. It produces no unpleasant symptoms, no Iobb of appetite, and has no effects upon the bowels or kid neys. Some persons take it in water or milk ; bat ons believer in the nostrum states he could take it beet with ealt. A pinch of salt is put into the month and allowed to dissolve, and the oil mixed with water iB then e (fallowed. Explosion in Soho. — A serious explosion took plaoe on Wednesday evening on the premises of Mr. Budram, oil and colonrman, Little Polteney-etreet, Soho, by whioh a young man was seriously burnt about the fiaoe and arms. Another young man, in en deavouring to escape, jumped from the first floor window, and was severely shaken. It waa stated that the explosion waB caused by one of the young men passing a barrel con taining naptha with an exposed light in his hand.— Weekly Dispatoh. 