The ^St»dt wid. Share Market i This Day. The elssjnatioh wKidi invariab'y foUnra a time of emtesnent^Tthe ahare Market, may now be said t* pervade m^' class *bt 'iartstmant, -and particularly mining ventgrea, and there ia this week no indication of an improvement. The Bandwick and mail day will no doukt divert a good amount of public attention, £? the brokers of the Stock Exehange have adjourned till Monday next. In Bank shares there is only one line to report, viz., Australian Joint Stack at 13|, buyers 13}, sellers 1O1 XTa^ Dual! TXT—1 ? J_l ? J ? t ? l-A TIM XU£. 11OW 0VIUJ TTHfCB UVUGUVUIVB UrOUgHb JJIVO i Peak Downs Copper are reported to have been sold at 70s, and offer freely at that price ; Western Peak Dowas Bold at 2s 6d; Beyers and HoltermaunB are quoted ttt31s. and 328 with eellerfl'; Carroll and Beards, 50s 6d and SOs 9d ; Fischer and Beards, 18s ; Grenfel Consols, 15s 3d ; Krohmaoni are slightly better and . bronght 53s 6d nsd 54* ; Bappo appear steady with a sale at 21s ; Royal Standard shares kave sellers at 12s 6d ; Williams have buyers at 20s, sellers 21s ; Star of Peace offer at 29s 6d ; Krohm&nns; are wanted at 50s, holders asking 53s ; Carroll and Beards are inquired for at 49s 6d, sellers 50s 6d. The fifth cake of gold from Witliams's Go'd-miuing Company is now beiaf exhibited in the window of Kandon and Co., Georjre-atreet ; it weighs 15S9oz. The total quantity of gold from the claim since the for mation of the company is 5759oz. His Excellency the Governor has accepted the invitation of the JUtadgee Turf Club to attend the forth coming races, and he will be accompanied by the Hon. Mr. Du cone. The first meeting to initiate the Twofold Bay Meat Preserving Oompaoy was to be holdenat Eden on Satur day last. Mr. G. B. Danbeney, of Brisbane, has fitted nut a vessel (the Henry Albert), and despatched her U the South Sea Islands, as an «xperiment to open up a Pacific trade for Queensland. The Goulburn Herald intimates that as seany all the reforms for which the Kaihmy League lias contended, a meeting will be called at an earl}' date to con eider the advisability of dissolving it. A horse buyer named Kavanagh, has paid a, visit to Eeymour in the Monnro district, purchuning for Ui* Indian market. He has started with one mob to Melbourne. A telegraph office has been opened at Cape Jervis Lighthouse, on the South Australian coast. All vesbelB passing there and hoisting tbeirnumbei-s will be reported. The first Synod of the diocese of Grafton aDd Armidalo, will bo opened on Monday, May 19th, and tUo foundation stone of the new Cathedral Ouurcb.' wfUbe laid on the Feast, of tbe Ascension, May 22nd. Blondin, of Niagara reputation, is about to tak' a voyage to the Antipodes, and hie ' private effects,' enclosed 111 some forty packages, have been permitted by the Customs authorities to be transhipped from the Guernsey steamer, to a vessel abuuc to mil for Adelaide. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Faruell stated, in answer to a question lrom If r. Fhelps. tuat it is the intention of the Government to introduce a bill-next, sension to enable them to deal with roads generally, and tbe question of proclaiming roads one mile wide in and through pastoral districts for tbe use of travelling, stock will bo con sidered in tli» framing of any such bill. At the church meetings held yesterday, the following churchwardens ware elrcted : fit. James', Bj dney : Mr. W. Hemming, trustees' warden ; Mr. V. Senior, minis ters' warden ana truEtee; Mr. H. L. £»berts, people's warden. Bl. Michael's: Mr. John Allen ar.d Mr. John Phillips, seaUiolders' wardens ; Mr. W. B. Mackenzie, iun., ministers' warden. St. Jade's, Randwlck : Mr. 6. H. Fearce, trustees' warden; Mr. F. W. Blnney, seat-lwlders' warden ; Mr. J. J. Stutohlrary, ministers' warden, bt. I/Hko's, Bur wood; Minis era' warden, ifr.Johu l?lnre)le; trustee's war den. Mr. John Sawson ; people's warden, Mr. W. Coles. . Great numbers of dingos or wild dogs, according to the Maiming River News, are running now in all the outlying parts of the district; indeed at night tliey may be beard wlUiln a Bhort distance »f the townships. One friend of ours estimates that on his run alone thxre are at . present nearly 2000 ot these creature?. Large numbers have been poisoned, but there does not seem to b« any fewer. Person* who hare lived on the Manning (or a long time say there are more native dogs this season than for many yeare past. In our brief report in Tuesday's issue of the marine excursions of Banter Monday, it. was erroneously etited that the proceed* of tbe excursion to Chowder Bay were to be devoted to the benefit of the grand master, and that it was carried out undar the auspices ot the loyal oraner - men of 3ydney.. We are officially informed that such was not the case ; the excursion wan got up on beliotf of Mr. John Davles, as president of tbe Protestant Political Asodatlon only, and not in connection with tbe Orange Institution, of wkiob Mr. Saviet is deputy fraud master. After a lengthened debate in the Legislative Assembly, last 'night, the following motion, moved by Mr. Forster, was carried— 'That this House shall, ou Friday next, resolve itself into ootnmittee oi the whole to consider on eddras to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause provision to be made in contemplation of any cliaugeln tbe- elcotoral law, lor payment of members of »ny future Parliament, by way ol reimbursement for expenses of travelling and attendance, aud other Parliamen tary service.' The division on the question was equal— IS to IS— but it nt decided by the Speaker, who gave Ins vote on tho slue of the ayes, in order that an opportunity might be afforded for further discussion of the question. We have the pleasure of making an announcement that will be received with the utmost gratified tlon in musical circles, viz., that 11. and Mdlle. Boekel. and MdlK Claue will give a con cert of elassioa! and operatic music at the Odd Fellows' Hall, kliaibeih-Btreet, to-morrow (Thursday) even ing. Mdlle. Claus, who is a pupil of the celebrated Vieui ttitnps, has achieved an English and Continental reputation as a violinist ; Mdlle Koekel ia asoprauo vocalist who sings in various languages, and M. Boekel is an acompUsUed pianist. Last week,, says the Western Post, as a party In Lowe's paddock wers breakfasting, one nf them laid a £1 note 00 tbe table, intending to pay it array immediately after breakfast. He, however, went out, forgetting to p-ck up the note, and on returning some rime after discovered that It was gone. He then searched for tbe note tor sometime, but with out success. Whilst sitting at dinner one of the party noticing a mousehnle, suggested that perhaps the mouse Had run away with tun note. Acting on this suggestion, they opened the ironnd with a pick, and traced the hole for about 2 it lrom the humpy, when they oame upon the mouse's nest, aud tbere, to his no smalt delight, lay the missing £1 note, having (art uned bat trifling damage in its transit. ? 'The anticipated arrival of the Kennedy family to commence a aeries of performances «f their enter tainment, entitled 'Twa Hours at bame,' baa become tha suhjectof anxiona speculation amongst the Scottish residents of Sydney, and in answer to various inquiries, it may bean wtll to state that they are now dowr, couth, and working their way steadily towards Sydney. Throughout tbeir progress over land from Melbourne the family has been received wiih the utmost fervour, and bv theiradmirable renderings of the ever beautiful melodies of the ' land of the mountain and flood,' they have successfully raised the ghosts of faded recollections in ihe mind* of hundreds of Scots; where Jong residence at the antipodes has almost effaced the recollections of the uioieut minstrelsy. Mr. Kennedy sings songs and retails Scotch stories in a manner that revive the reminiscences of WiUon aud Black, and bis gifted family are eaoh fully equal to tneocouHon. The half-yearly meeting of the Baptist Union of New S.Mith Wales was held nt Hinton, on the Uuuter Biver, on 'Junii Friday. During Jtlie week various services were rendered 10 tbe Baptist churches in thn district. On .Monday the Bev. P. Hibberd preached in tbe Welsh Baptiat Ohnrch, Lambton. On Wednesday the Eer. George 'beppard, B.A., preached at Thalabi ; and on Thursday even Ing at Clarence Town ; whilst on the same evening the Bev. Allan Wabb lectured at Newcastle on the Huguenots. On the morning ot Good Friday tbe liev. George Sbeppard preaobed on able disoourse at Hinton before the Oman, on' John 10, 14. During tbe aff moon various matters of de nominational interest were attended to. The resignations of the WiUeend and Jjamatoa churches were received. Messrs. B. Ingram and J. Bummers were cordially welcomed as per sonal members ot tho Union. Tbe Bev. F. Hibberd was elected chairman Of the year ensuing, in place of the Bev. 8. Bhtppard, who found himselt unable to fulfil tbe duties of the past. During theeveninga publiomeeting waa held, pre ceded by a tea-meeting. At this meeting tbe ohairman for tbe year, the Bev. Allan Webb, read bis half-yearly »dd rest 00 ' the doctrine concerning Christ, and the life of the Spirit— the joint means of revival in the Church.' Addresses were afterwards delivered by Revs. F. Hibberd, a. Sheppard, John, Jones, J. Ingrain, and Mr. Brewer. A vote of thanks was passed to tbe chairman for his addresses, and the meeting closed witli prayer and (biffing. The subject of payment for mineral leases was yesterday disenssed before tbe Minister for LandB by a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Wearne, Combes, Cnm mings. Hurley (CO.), and T. Brown, M.L.A's, and Messrs. Mongan (of Wattle Flat) sari Benny. Mr. Combes presented to tbe Minister a petition from 878 miners of (Tattle Fiat and Hetala, in which was pointed ont the injustice of having to pay the deposit of rent 011 applicatiouior a mineral lease, aad the dating of rent from the time of such application instead offrom theda'e when the lease is actually issued . He read the opinion of Sir William Manning on the subject of poynunt of rent, ia which 1 h»t Kentlemsn eud ' that the renu payable for leases of aur.ftrom tracts under tbe regulations of Slst March, 1872, most run lrom the dates on which such leases Ere fully granted, and not from those eitherof the application or of tbe commissioner's permission {it any) to occupy, pending the **ision of the Government. The rigbta and' liabilities aris sue in these cases ar* matters of contract, and in the absence Of any express provision to tbe con trary, the question before us must be determined upon ordinary principles, and up*n such principles it ap pears to me quite clear that the reut. and the privileges for which it is reserved, must be concurrent in point of time,' The imputation desired particularly to obtain tbe de cision of the Minister for Lands on tbe point; whether the deposit paid on the date of application was to be taken into consideration as rent; to date from the issue of the lease. Mr. Farnell eaid that the opinion of the Crown L^w officers upon tbe subject was, thai if a person lodged his application, and paid in hia first year's rent in advance, and If there waa no objection to the lease, that ap plication was considered by the Executive Council; and as soon as tbey decided who was to have tbe land, and the oom- . missinner had intimated that such a person it the leaseholder, the rent commenced from that date. Payments *f Teat wonld odIv commence from the date upon which the Eteootiro Consoil hai ersated the lease. Wit loses its rarpect with tbe good when seen in e»mpany with malice ; and to smite at the jest which plants a thorn in another's breast U t» become sv principal in the mitcbief . 