"REMINISCENCES OF AN OLD SALT," IT WHB, BB near as I can remember, in the early part ol '29. None of u-% I can answer for it, were at all eon y when the .Vittoria, after being four months and a half at sea, wus safely moored at her anchorage off Mrs Macquaries Chair, and within hail of the Royal Getoge (which somehow had had the start of us from ' Old England). For a sea voyage was a different affair then to what it is in these clipper-building fast . suiting <la-\s. . Our decks were soon cleared, but I must own that 11 lelt rather " lonesome like " when the last of the . militai y took hi» leave of us over the sh'p's side, for being cabin hoy on board it was often in my power to muhe rhj self useful in a small way to the officers and tiuldiers, with whom I was rather a pet, and they had ii.varjubly treated me accordingly, iicforo we cleared I out in billiatt lor Batavia (our next port of destination) our crew, which had originally numbered thirty-two, i ilicers, men, and tiveboys included, grew beautiWy lrbp, there were no electric telegraphs iu those days, ai-d the recapture of a runaway seaman was an event ot inre oecuircnce. Not so, howovor, in my own oaso, for having some vague ideas of accumulating a rapid fortune on B1)ore, 1 made my escape in a lighterman's ballast boat, and with his connivance concealed myself in his own cottage. The captain appeared to disapprove of the transaction and quito ruined my .little game by getting on my track and bringing me black in ignominy. The skipper engaged two hands only in place of the eleven who had bolted, and in a few weeks we were riding some six miles from the shore in the Batavian roadsteads. I don't know what Batavia may be now, but then it was dreaded by British sailors as being about the vilest, unheal thiest, fever-stricken hole on the face of the earth. We only stayed there a short time, during which we toek in some Government and military stores for Singapore, for which pert we were next bound. A Butuvian boat, manned by Malays, was engaged to take the skipper to and fro to the shore. Now Captain John Smith-that was the skipper's name-though as honest as the sunshine, and a thorough sailor, was as hard-headed, close-fisted a specimen of a North countryman as I eyer carno across. We were short of water. Instead of employing a second boat, one evening he orders the Malays to tow a ship's boat ashore and bring some casks of water in it as they came for him next morning ; where they got that water they themselves only knew. It was a penny wise and a pound foolish bargain with a vengeance ; those niggers might as well have fetched us a case of patent concentrated fever on board. The chief mate was the first to " cave in," and the second mate followed suit, neither of them happily suffered long ; then it came to the captain's turn nnd that of the crew, but their lives were to be spared for the present at any rate, A three-masted schooner, the Fiji, fortunately hove in sight and bore down on us. Her captain behaved like " a brick," and sent his flrBt mate and some sturdy A.B's. on ' board, who, with the help of those that could still handle a rope, took us safely to Singapore, where we I were all drafted on shore (those that couldn't walk were carried by niggerb), and provided for in suitable quarters. When, after being invalided for some weeks, all sur- viving hands mustered on the decks of the Vittoria, we were like a collection of walking ghosts, such havoc had hardships, sickness, and confinement played with us. The Singapore agents of the ship during our absence had caused the Government consignments from Batavia to be unshipped, and had now sent us a new chief officer-a Mr. Andrews. This Mr. Andrews we youngsters at once dubbed a gentleman ; he was, too, as we afterwards learnt, well educated and a linguist. There didn't seem to be much love lost between him and the skipper, and this we supposed to be the cause, for Captain Smith couldn't boast much im the book-learning line. To Manila was our next course, we were told ; but we hadn't heaved our anchor be- fore fieBh troubles were in store for us. Four of the crew-two of whom were Irish and two English-' refused to man the windlass ; " they were too weak to work," they said. During the discussion which natu- rally ensued, a sailor's shirt fluttered at the forestay, which resulted in a visit from a lieutenant of II M. brig-of-war, the Pandora. The lieutenant conveyed the malcontents (who volunteered for the navy) on board his own vessel, but shortly afterwards returned with the two" Irishmen and demanded payment of arrears of wages for the Englishmen, which, after some words, waB forthcoming. We cleared out at last, our ship's company being increased by the addition of eight Lascar seamen, a Berang and his deputy, hired at Singapore, and reached Manila without further mishap, for the niggers worked admirably. We had not much trouble in getting a cargo at Manila suitable for the English markets, and, after a few weeks, were ready for sea again. While we were loading, I should tell you Mr. Andrews took some of the water we had been using on board, as I suppose, to the doctor's, and found out that those lazy Malay beggars had literally brought us poison out of some of their Batavian swamps to save themselves a little extra trouble. The day before we sailed, contrary to the chief officer's advice, the skipper persisted in discharging the Lascars who, " he was sure," he said, " would never stand the cold in the Channel," and hired in their places five Spaniards nnd two Frenchmen. It's many years ago now, but I never t-hall forget the impression the first sight of vhose villainous looking Dons created in my mind, young as I was ; they didn't look a bit like sailors, neither had one of them sailor's " togs " on, but with their red sashes and murdering-looking knives, were dressed for all the world like the brigands I have seen performing at the theatre ; they didn't come aboard either till the last minute,- but we soon found out that their knowledge of seaman- ship was harmless. We sailed from Mauila on a Sunday, and we had been at sea exactly a fortnight during which, as the Englishmen had t > do oil the work, there was plenty of grumbling and squabbling in the forcastle. It was a beautiful evening, during the first two hours of which a young moon shone down on us. We were going at about three knots an hour. The Dons, lor a wonder, appeared to be remarkably friendly and civil, and were offering all hands some of their arrack and cigars. What else happened afterwards on that never'to-be forgotten night I can describe either from whit I saw myself or what I heard from others-it is all true too true. I(and another boy, Bill Caffery, were lying under the break of the poop, the captain and Mr. Andrews had " turned in," the boatswain and carpenter were lying on the main hatch. The second mate who was on v«ntch, after telling the man at the wheel to rouse him instantly in the case of any change of wind, carelessly stretched himself between the binnacle and the wheel, and fell asleep. It was past 10 o'clock and the moon had set. Pedro (Peter we called .him), who always seemed a kind of " Boss" over his mates, wheedled tho helmsman from the wheel, under the pretence that as they might as well be good friends, he (the helmsman) could help himself to some arrack in his (Pedro'b) hammock-the instant the man left his pojt, Pedro noieelebsly lifted a " loggerhead " (a heavy iron headed instrument, uted for crushing soldier's cocoa) and dashed out the sleeping mate'sbrains. Hearing lhe noise, and thinking the binnacle had capsized, as I ran up the starboard poop ladder, I saw Pedio coming down on the larboard side. What's the matter Peter, I asked ? " " You no go below you soon know," he answered. I soon did know what was going on, for I next saw the corpse of the murdered mate, which Pedro had thrown overboard c-iitanglcd'in a corner of the main sheet. Next I saw the bodies of the boatswain and carpenter stabbed or beatt n to deatli where they had fallen asleep. Fur- ther on I met the man who had left the wheel, scared enough, for the ship was going in all directions. " What's the matter?" sajs he, hurrying by. He was baiely past me before I heard a dull thud, a groan, at.d 1 knew he too was down. I crawled away into the forecastle, but could hear scuffling, an occasional groan, a splash, and then a comparative silence, co 1 gutb&ed; this butchering work w<is well r'igh over. In the middle of the scrimmage^ the two Iribhmen, though fearfully mangled and bruised, made for the lazarette under the captuin's ctbin, meeting the skipper hiim-eif, who had sprung up out oi his berth. They endeavoured by sign?-tor they ' »ere- wi li ni^)i choked wn)i iht-ir own blood-to warn' | ¿ml back. The' captain, libwerei/Tushl'd' past themjj and ran up the larboard poop-ladder: but Pedro felled him like a bullock with his loggerhead before he reached the top. Search was next made by the mur- derers for the steward, who was at last dragged by the Spaniards from the captain's cub in, where he had hidden, lashed hand and foot, and flung into his own berth for execution in the morning, as ho was told. The chief officer was imprisoned in his own cabin. "We boys were trembling with fear in tho forecastle, and the old Vittoria was in the hands of theBC murderous mutineers. 11 xpect the rest of the boys were as glad as myself when the night Mas over. It was scarcely daylight when I heurd Pedro calling "Bill" (that wag me). I Pedio looked more savage than ever, and had a ship's pistol in his scarf as well "as that ugly double-bladed Spanish knife of his when I went up to him. " Call de bojf-," sajs Pedro, " and trim de ship." "Where's tlie captain ? " asked I. "D-de captain," says he in reply ¡ " de captain's overboard-you work for me now all right ; you no work, you quick die. Peter captain now." They had by this time released Mr. Andrews out ot his berth, and evidently meant to spare his life, because in fact they could do nothing without him. The steward, however, was told to prepare for death, anti they certainly would have made short work of him, but the chief officer insisted that his services would be necessaiy to assitt in navigating tho ship in sa ely, snd very unwillingly the Dons agreed to spaie him till we sighted land (some distant part of tho Philippine Islands had been agreed upon, I understood, us our destination). Pedro caused same of ihe cargo to be flung overboard, and commenced , tho work of pillaging m earnest,-chuckling over some ' silks and trinkets the murdered captain had bought, (?ti being suitable for his own sweetheart. Between tlie bojs, who were in the forecastle, and Mr. Andre«s and the steward, who lived aft, all inter- course was now forbidden under nain of death. The Irishmen, who had concealed themselves in the lazarette, were accidentally discovered and ordered on deck by Pedro, who himself dressed and washed their wounds with much pretended kindness, and sent them to their hammocks. He also sent each of tucm a powder " to make them well," as he said. They secreted the medicine, which afterwards proved to be deadly poison. Nothing of any particular conse- quence occurred during the course of the next six da}s, but the two Frenchmen, Martin and Francisco, had, when they dared, expressed something about contrition to the steward and to me (for I was tho oldest as well as the biggest of the boys), but neither he nor I liked to trust either of them, though I have believed since that being ruined by gambling, they had been either coerced or coaxed into taking part with the Spaniards. Tho sixth evening (Saturdaj) came, when Pedro, who had hitherto never slept except when surrounded by his comrades- worn out, I expect, by excesses and fatigvte, gave his pistol to Martin (Francisco being at the wheel)-and flung himself on the poop ¡ as soon as ¡Martin saw he was asleep he hurried to the Btewaid, tcld him of the Spaniard's being on the poop and gave him the pistol. " Now, boys," said the steward, " take each of you a knife in your sleeve, drop the rest overboard, look sharp, and follow me." The Frenchman was trembling like a leal ; the . steward as cool and* collected as if he was going on a fishing excursion. Steadily and quietly he ascended the larboard ladder, took a deliberate aim within a yard of Pedro's head, and the flint was bad or the powder damp ; three times it missed fire. Now, I don't know what put it in my boy's head, the thought of my murdered captain and mates, I suppose ; but I leapt noiselessly on 'tlie deck, got the carpenter's broad axe out of his berth, and without a word handed it to the steward ; in another instant Pedro's skull was literally cleft in twain. Tlie tables were turned once more. There was another Spaniard, a huge powerful fellow, over six feet in his stockings, of whom hitherto we had stood in great awe ; he was a doomed man now, " for if he w us allowed to live (Mr. Andrews, who, as well us the Irishmen, had now joined us, argued) our lives would be in constant jeopardy." _ He was secured, and after an hour's grace to say his prayers, he Wds shot by tlie steward and his body .flung overboard. The two Frenchmen were permitted to live with the Englishmen aft. The three remaining Spaniard*, now shaking with fear, were ordered to confine them- selves to the forecastle, and after due deliberation, it was resolved to steer for the Isle of France and surren- der the surviving prisoners into the hands of the authorities at the Mauritius. While on our way, we learned from " Zebu," one of the Spaniards, that his two comrades in the forecastle were concealing knives with the intention, when opportunity offered, of stabbing as many of us English as possible, and then jumping overboard. Mr. (now Captain ?) Andiews at once ordered them to be secured under either side ot the longboat, where they were fed daily till they were handed over to other custody. On our arrival at the Mauritius, the Government, pilot refused to bring us into the harbour till he had reported the circumstances to the naval authorities. He returned soon after, and took us into port, when the Vittoria was at once boarded by an armed crew in command of Lord John Churchill Spencer, the senior officer on the station at that time, I believe. His Lordship, after hearing some of the statements of the acting captain and the steward, ordered the foreigners to be arrested and conveyed on board his own vessel, the sloop-of-war Tweed, 28 guns. Tlie next day my Lord biings some of his men again, at.d, to our dismay, told us boys we must submit to be locked up in gaol till the mutiny and murders were more thoroughly investigated. We were released afterwards, however, and sent back to the ship, hav- ing first entered into a bond to give evidence at the trial of the prisoners, which was to take place in the course of a few days. This trial caused great excitement in the colony, and the Court-house was crowded. All the prisoners pleaded " guilty," when the counsel for the Crown suggested that as I had seen more and heard more than any other of the witnesses, my evidence Bhould be recorded. I had to give an account of everything that had taken place from the beginning to the end, especially OB to the part the Frenchmen had taken afterwards and had been the meanB probably of saving our lives. No other witnesses were examined, and you could have heard a pin drop in the Court when the Judge, assuming his black cap, sentenced the two Spaniards, Vicenzio and Alphonzo, to be hung from the yard- arm of the Vittoria-Zebu, the third Spaniard, having avoided probable blood- shed by giving timely warning of the con- spiracy planned by his mateB in the forecastle, was sentenced to hard labour for life. The two French- men were solemnly warned by the Judge and ordered to quit the colony within forty-eight hours. The execution followed the trial at the end of a week, and was a very solemn and imposing affair. The beach was crowded and among the spectators were the prisoners from the gaol and the military with fixed bayonets ; armed marines and sailors took possession of the decks of the Vittoria-the two prisoners were brought by their guards from the Tweed attended by priests, they ascended the platform erected on either side of tlie vessel under the ends of the yardarm, shot were fastened to their ankles, a gun boomed from the ship of war, and poor Captain John Smith was terribly avenged. * * » * * I am getting old now, and have lived to dangle my children's children on my, knee-but to this day I tren?ble at the sight of a pistol. I suppose 'tis because it recalls to my memory that awful night when that rusty old flint- locked thing missed fire in the steward's hand, and our lives did not seem worth a pin's pur- chase. WILLIAM SPOONER. [On reference to the Sydney Gatetle of 20th January, I 1829, we find the following :-" On Saturday last arrived .from London, whence she sailed on the 1st September, 1828, the Bhip Vittoria, Captain Smith, I with 160 male convicts ; surgeon superintendent, Dr. Dickson, R.N. The guard consisted of thirty men of the 63rd regiment, under tho orders of Lieutenant Aubin. The Vittoria also brings out four Commis- sariat clerks."] MARAVILLA COCOA.-Taylor, Btothers' (Hie largest uianu aelmers of cocoa in Europe), having tlie exclusivo supply of tills unrivalled Cocoa, Invite comparison with any other com» for purity -fine aroma-sanative, nutritivo, and 6U6talniog power-eaainoes ot digestion-and especially, high delicious flavour. One trial will eitabllsh it as a favourite beverage for breakfast, moonoon, and a soothing lefreshment after a late eveilng. N.B.-Caution, " Maravilla "isa registered trade mark. MABAVILLA COCOA.-The Qlooe says :-" Taylor, Brother»' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough «access, und supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elementa ot nutri- tion, distinguish the Maravilla Cocou above all others. For invalids and dyspeptics, we could Dot recommend a more agree- able or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinion! vide Standard, Morning rest, Britith Medical Journal, &o.; HOMOOPATH1C <!OCOA.-This original preparation, whloh has attained auch a world-wide reputation, ii manufactured by Taylor. Brothers, under the ablest homccopathio advice aided by the skill and experience of the inventors,- and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutri- tious preperty of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one mbrafe without boiling. The above artiotes arc prepared exclusively by Taylor, Brothers, the largest manufacturers ut Europe, and told in {tin-lined packets only, by storekeepers and others all over the world. Bett« Mills, Brick-las»« Louden, Export Caleory MillMBruge«, 