THE FACES OF THE CARDINALS . This singular and very clever article, in we French ?' morbid-anatomy ' style of 'writing, is taken from a number of the Spec tatvr received by the Bangalore : — t -Ve have before us a rather curious plate, torbidden, we see, to copyists, and at the present moment of some interest to mankind. I it contains the nhotoerranliH of everv member ?-k tho Sacred College, of all tbe 'Cardinals who may vote at the election of the next Lope, besides five or six who have interme diately died. This election, it is now nearly sertam, will be ordered in. the regular way, and taken at the Vatican, the Conclave being anwilliug to give any hostile power, such as Bismarck, an opportunity of doubting 'or rejecting the election, nor will there be any large accession to the list. A few more may be created, as the Pope is better, and Cardi nal Barnabo, the head of the Propaganda, in exceedingly ill health ; but the filling-up of the list, an ecclesiastical coup d'etat, is exceedingly improbable. If, then, the regu lar forms are observed, the Pope must be elected either by inspiration, that is, unani mous acclaim, an infrequent and in this case almost impossible method ; by the appoint ment of a Committee of Selection, quite pos sible, though objectionable ; or by balloting, before some altar in the Quirinal or, we sup pose at present, the Vatican. This process is described by Mr. Cartwright, a Protestant author, whose book is allowed to be authen tic : — The ordinary election by ballot is performed by two processes repeated daily, in general,— one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot ; the other in the afternoon, which consists in the process technically called 0/ acceding, whereby an elector, revoking his morning's ballot, trans fers his vote to some one whose name had that morning already come out of the ballot-box. Hence the designation of the supplementary ballot, for in it the faculties of electors are strictly limited to the power of adhering to some cardinal whose name at the early ballot has been drawn. The voting papers are square and folded down, so as at each end to have a sealed portion, within the upper one of which is writ ten the voter's name, to be opened only under special circumstances ; and in the other, sealed with the same seal, some motto frcm Scripture, which, once adopted, must be the same at all ballots, and serves ordinarily as the means for identification of the vote. In the middle space, which is left open, stands the name of the can didate. Advancing to the altar, after a short prayer io Bilence, and an oath aloud, wherein the Saviour is called to witness that the vote about to be given is dictated by conscientious convictions alone, eaah cardinal drops his paper in the chalice upon the altar. When all have voted, the examination of the papers is made by the scrutators, three cardinals selected by lot, who successively band to each other every paper, which the last files on a pin. Should a candidate come out with just a majority of two-thirds, it then becomes necessary to open tbe upper folded portions of the ballot-papers, with the view of ascertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's own vote; it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of his own p.i-p.ation. In the case of no adrciuate maioritv. these papers are preserved, so as to be able to check, through the mottoes, the votes given in the supplemen' ary ballot, it heiag, of course, unlawful for a cardinal to repeat a seronri vote in behalf of the candidate for whom he had already voted in the morning. The form of tendering this second vote is by writing ' Accedo domino Cardinali,' while thoee who persist in their morning's choice insert the word ' Ncmini.' Should both ballots fail in produc ing the legal majority, then the papers are burnt, while in all cases the portion containing the voter's name is to be opened by the scrutators only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or of a vote being invalid, through some violation by the elector of the prescribed forms There is no law whatever prohibiting the cardinals from stepping beyond their own body, or beyond the Episcopate, or beyond the priesthood — two Popes, John XIX. and Adrian V., having unquestionably been lay men, the latter of whom never took priest's orders— nor, indeed, beyond the limits of Catholicism itself. By the theory of the thing, the Pope having been elected, in that act receives the immediate consecration of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antecedents are matters of profound indifference. It is, however, most unusual for the Cardinals to step beyond their own body, the latest in stance being 1758, when Barberini, a mere monk, was nearly elected ; and among these ?nir-f.nTv»s_ flifvpnfrvpA f.iifi p.nnrlifl flt.fi is almost'. certain to be found. They form a group to an outside observer singularly unlike the popular impression of the Conclave, being usually simple old men, with handsome, gen tlemanly features, and very moderate brains. Several of them are extremely learned, Asquini, for instance, having been Wiseman's rival and friend in the schools, while Petra is a monster of erudition, especially in Oriental Church history rites, and liturgies, points on which Home is incessantly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and in ? languages Mezzofanti scarcely knew. There is no one among them with a head quite so intellectual as Father Newman ; no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Man ning ; no dreamer, unless it be Bonaparte ; no real Torquamada, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inquisitor-General and a favourite candi date, has much of the stupid severity natural to that character. There is but one strong aggressive face, with the fighting peasant underneath its steadiness (Cardinal Cullen) ; but one physically bad face, Cardinal Van nicelli Cansoni, who looks like a turf man of the lower grade ; and but one who would be taken for an English Bishop, Cardinal Amat di Santo Fillippo e Sorso. There are but three who surpass the usual type, Cardinal Monaco de Valletta, a superb face (Arch deacon Grantley etherealized) ; Cardinal Bo naparte, exactly like the first Napoleon seminarized; and Cardinal Eiario Sforza, the strong, but imaginative man who would, it is said,' if elected, shake Europe, as he has already destroyed the municipality of Naples by declaring for the democracies of earth as against ex-Kings. His face, with its steady eyes, clear-cut features, and broad deter mined chin, is that of a man who could have wielded the Temporal Power and made Rome safe. Protestants, however, if these photographs are good, need not. tremble. There are no poets and but two men of genius here, Eiario Sforza and Bonaparte, and neither will come to the top. As the majority must be of two- thirds, the votes of defeated men tend, as in an American caucus, always to the man with fewest enemies, and lie would be either De Angelis, who from his vast age would be a most respectable stopgap, the Cardinals remembering his determined or cruel administration of Fermo with de light ; or Monaco la Valletta, so popular that he has had every popular promotion at the earliest possible time; or Capalti, a name little known abroad, but supposed to be a favourite with the Conclave itself, whose pre dilections, however, change much when they are set free by the death of an absolute master. Capalti is the only one of the scries whose face in the photographs looks English, the kind of man whom one expects to meet in a dean's hat, and to hear that he slightly overawes his Bishop. Of the Italians, however, Panebianco, considered to have an excellent chance, has the face of a stern, de termined monk, and is Grand Penitentiary. i.e., Grand Casuist of the Church, probably the only man in the group who really knows anything of the conressions supposed to be so constantly revealed at Borne, but .which are, for the most part, A. B. inquiries as to how particular cases are to be treated. Cardinal Antonelli here shows as a success ful Italian inkceper, with polite face, fixed to get cash, but with brilliant eyes ; and he, with the quiet, gentlemanly Borromeo, with his refined schoolmaster face, has no chance at all. Any of the other Italians may have, but they are almost unknown out of Borne, and no one except Cardinal Morichini gives us any impression of being a successful dark horse. lie looks like a slightly worn old General, is Archbishop of Bologna, and has the highest reputation in the Church, as has De Luca, the diplomatist, and the man who will be chosen if the Cardinals believe, as they probably do not believe, that their' chief requisite now is tlie worldly tact of which uujs lciuc j» mil. .a. j. orKsmreman would gather himself together to take in De Luca, and would fail. Of the remaining Italian Cardinals few men out of Italy ever heard, so we will give their names : — Cardinals As quiui, Barnabo, Barili, Bizzarri, Berardi, Caterini, Consolini, Carafa di.Traetto, Di Pietro, Sacconi, Casoni, Giudi, Antonucci, Ferrieri, Milesi Ferretti, Pecci, Silvestri, Trevisanato, Grasellini. There will be a strong party contending for a foreign Car dinal, that the next Pope may look a little more round the world, but the choice of this party, unless it steps out of the redstock inged circle, is extremely limited. The best face among the six or seven foreigners is . Cardinal Moreno, a stately Spaniard of the Ximenes type. Cardinal Hohenlohe, a Prince, devoted, it is believed, to Berlin, and therefore out of favour, is in appearance an ordinary noble ; Cardinal Matthieu, an over fed French dignitaiy, with administrative capacities ; and Cardinal Donnet, a fine looking old lady, with some deep sadness in her life; Cardinal Schwartzenburg has a weak look, is Austrian to the back-bone, and opposed the dogma, though he has recanted ; but there are two Cardinals in the foreign list with splendid faces, even in the photo graphs. The Church does not want a Julius, and Borne would not bear Cardinal Cullen, but no one can look in his face and not see which is the warrior, or shall we say — ' the pet of the fancy,' in Conclave. Cardinal Bausher, too, the foreigner who has most of 'the Conclave's sympathy with him, has a very marked face— a face of a separate and unmistakeable power — with a good deal of temper and a good deal of pride, but full of ! brain, and suggesting to the observer who has not seen him that of Sir George Lewis, though less humourous. He would govern J the Church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of Bome, enormous as it is, would keep him within the groove, or prevent him from manifesting a sovereign individuality, which would be extremely distasteful to the kind of Italian clericals who now monopo lize power. He might dissolve the Jesuits, or declare that, the Kings being gone and the populace unstable, earth must rely on aristo crats like himself, or do any other great imprudence. Still, in that great election, he is one of the imminent possibilities. 