/ PASTORAL LETTEE' ' ?Of the Eight Reverend Dk. Murray, Bishop of Maitland; ''' To the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of 3faitland. ? Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, — It anorcls me great pleasure to forward to you a translation of some of the . decrees adopted by the bishops at the Pro vincial Council held at Melbourne in the year 18G9, which refer to education, marriage, ...and other important subjects connected with . the interests of religion and the welfare of ? the people entrusted to theif pastoral care. The Archbishop and Bishops of Australia, acting in conformity with, the usage and laws ?of the Catholic Church, forwarded all the ?decrees of the Council to Some, the centre of Catholic unity and the capital of Christen dom, to be examined, revised,' corrected, and .approved by the Supreme '.'Pontiff, whose sanction and approval . not only imparts to them a higher authority, but will have the effect of guarding against any inaccuracy in ' ?doctrinal statements, or any. enactment not ? in conformity with the general discipline of ? the Church, or that might be contrary to the ? ,-spirit of ecclesiastical legislation. - ' ' At our late. Diocesan Synod, held at Mait land on the 12th, 13th; and 14th of Novem-. , %er, these; decrees w^ere 'duly made known ?vto the clergy, and/some of them are now published . in' this ' 'shape, ? to , . enable them to .,' point out and explain to their nocks^thatportion of them which claim their attention and obedi .-., .onte TiW their benefit they were enacted by ?the Bishops,- who: are appointed, by the Holy ?'Ghost to rule over them, to guide them in ;the ways' of salvation; to instruct them in .sound doctrine,' 'arid to 'preserve them from ihe dangers 'and' --evils to which' they are .continually exposed ,during their pilgrimage through' this valley .qf tears; A considerable time, elapsed .before we -were, able to bring ,th;ese ; decrees under ; the -notice of the clergyiand people, as it was ?necessary to submit them to the judgment of 4he Sovereign Pontiff, who, being charged with the solicitude of all .the churches, ?possesses a superiority of ordinary jurisdic tion over them, and a power which is truly ?episcopal and immediate, so that all, to use the -?words of the. Vatican Council, 'both pastors .-.and people, individually and collectively, are ibound by their duty of Hierarchal submis -sion and true obedience to obey not merely in matters which belong to faith.ancl morals, but' also in^those tb^t appertain to the discip line and government of the Church through out the world, so that the, Church of Christ may be one flock under one. supreme Pastor through the preservation of unity, both of «Comuiunion and of profession of the same ?faith witn toe xiomaa xuuunx. . The prelates of Australia, mindful ot the ?high commission laid upon them by Christ: ? « Q.o and teach all nations,' directed their ?attention in the first place to the important ?question 'of education, and having laid down ifcke right which they enjoy, and the obliga tion they are ixnder of attending to the edu cation of youth, as rulers of the Church of ?Christ, responsible to God for every soul committed t® their charge, they earnestly .call- upon the clergy and their faithful people ?to co-operate with them, and to make every ?sacrifice in erecting Catholic schools over -svhich the Church may exercise her legiti mate control, and teach the little ones of the fold in their tender years, me mysteries auu ..precepts of our holy religion, and train them ;to piety, good morals, religion; and civiliza tion 1 know it is not necessary to remind :the zealous clergy and faithful people of this diocese, who are doing so much in the cause ?of Catholic education, of their duty m this respect.' I shall. only say, that owing to the ?great dangers to which our Catholic children Ire' exposed in the Public and other anti , Catholic schools in this- colony, we cannot ( relax our efforts until we provide a Catholic education, and bring it within the reach of .©very Catholic child in this diocese. You are aware that a system of education is carried on in this as -well as in other ?eolonies of which we Catholics cannot m conscience avail ourselves, because the in struction imparted is restricted to the know ledge of merely natural things, and unceas In^eflbrts are' made by those in power to ?withdraw the training of Catholic youth from ??the authority of the Church, from the control .of her legitimate pastors, and from the ? benign influence of religion. Under this ?system an education is given which has for its aim the temporal and material progress ?of children, without taking into considera-j ?tion the all-important interests of immortal \- souls of religion and of eternity. ' The present glorious Pontiff, in the famous / - svllabus which he published in the year 1864, I .'condemns any system of education which ?withdraws the training of youth from the authority of the Church, and does not ?recognize any right in her pastors to con trol the discipline of the schools, the manage ment .of the studies, the use of booics, the appointment and dismissal of teachers -He has moreover declared that Catholics ?cannot approve of an education which tits their children only for this life, and iSnoiw that life in which the soul is to ^fovwe i. He condemns that knowledge which, accoid ing to St. James, is earthly, sensual, devilish, and. the mixed system of education which excludes all religious training, and brings about that fatal indifference to religion whieh has inflicted such injury on many countries of Europe. But all these evils arising from mixed education are so well described by the present Pope, in a letter which he addressed on the 14th of Jnly, 1864, to the Archbishop of Frieburg in Ger many, that I shall take the liberty of quoting a long extract from it for the instruction and guidance of our faithful people, and with the view of warning them against the terrible evils and dangers to which their children are exposed in the Public schools. His Holiness says : — It is not wonderful that the efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to corrupt the training and education of youth, and there is no doubt that the greatest injury is inflicted on society when the directing and salutary power of the Church are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. JFor thus society is, little by little, deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order fco attain after this life his last end hereafter, eternal happiness. And in truth a system of teaching which, not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things and does not pass heyondthe bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must, necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies ; and education which, without' the aid of Christian doctrine and of its salutary moral pre cepts, instructs the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes fco the commonwealth aud their own families. But if this detestable sys tem of education, so far removed from Catholic faith and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals and to society when it is employed in the higher teachings, and in schools frequented by the better class, who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taughb fro-n their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not f'lnselv nnirftd with raliL'ious teaching. Where fore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational institutions all the care, solicitude and vigilance of the Church. The design ©f withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect, are there fore inspired by a spirit. of hostility towards her, and by the desire of extinguishing among the people the diviue light of our holy faith. The Church which has founded these schools has ever regarded them with the greatest care and interest, and looked upon them as the chief object of her ecclesiastical authority and govern ment, and whatsoever removed them from her inflicted serious injury both on her and on the schools. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salufewy action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of , her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this perni cious design of removing the schools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed go the danger of losing their faith, there the Church wonld be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts and to employ every bian education an-l instruction, but. nrirp'Y3r would feel herself obliged to warn all the faith ful, and to declare that no one oan in conscience frequent such schools as beiug adverse to the Catholic Church. It is unnecessary for me to remind you that our Holy Father, the Pope, who ad dressed these solemn words, is the supreme ruler of the Church, the infallible teacher of Diviue truth, who holds theplaee of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of his Church, the head and father1 of' the universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God himself, whose representative he is on earth. But, my dear brethren, it is not from the Pope alone, nor from the bishops of the Catholic Church that we learn the dangers of mixed education; for the enemies of our holy religion deem no' other means more efficacious of alienating and estranging our Catholic people and their children from our Holy Mother, f-lie Church. The late Protes tant Archbishop of Dublin who was the life and soul of the National system in Ireland, and who, while publicly do Lending it ad per fectly safe for Catholics, in his private letters did not hesitate to say that the ' edu cation supplied by the National Board was gradually undermining the vast fabric of the Irish Roman Catholic Church,' and again ' I believe, as I said the other day, thai mixed education is gradually enlightening the mass of the people, and that if we give it up, we give up the only hope of weaning the Irish from the abuses of Popery. But I cannot venture openly to profess this opinion — I cannot openly support the education board as an instrument of conversion. I have to fight its battles with one hand, and have my jest tied behind me.' It is much to be regretted that in this free land we should be called upon to support a system of education which in conscience we cannot accept, which is directly opposed to our religious interests, and compels us to incur fresh expense in order to provide for the rising Catholic generation an education conformable to their conscience and to their, feelings. The Church establishment in Ire land was declared a monstrous injustice by all liberal- minded men, because the Irish Catholics were compelled to ; contribute to wards the maintenance of. the ministers tof a religion which their conscience condemned, and had to contribute besides, ..towards the maintenance of their own Catholic clergy. If that were an injnstice and a grievance in Ireland, condemned by the^ common verdict, of mankind, how can it' be. just in. Australia to insist that Catholics shall contribute, to, the support of an ..educational system which their conscience repudiates, and compel them to provide out of their own slender resources for their children such instruction as they can approve. Let us all, my dear brethren, . have recourse to fervent prayer, and beg of God that the hearts of our, rulers may be turned towards us in fairness,; in kindness, and in justice ; that they may be' guided and. inspired by wise counsels.;, and, above , all, that our poor Catholic children may not be stript of their sreat and only heritage, the priceless treasure ot our .holy .raith, tor wnicn their forefathers sacrificed everything and shed their blood in order to secure for them selves an imperishable crown of glory. The next subject, which engaged the atten tion of the Archbishop and bishops assembled at Melbourne was the Sacrament of Matri mony. From the beginning, as we learn from St. Paul, the union, of man and woman was a great mystery, because ;it prefigured the union of dhrist with his Church. The origin of the marriage union, even as a natural contract, was Divine. God from the beginning instituted it, and blessed the nuptials of our first parents. He created but one woman for. one man, to point out the unity of marriage, and he inspired Adam with the memorable words read in the 2nd chapter of Genesis, 23rd and 2-l.-fcb verses, to show it was indissoluble. As the ancient Scriptures represent the Eternal Father blessing the first marriage, so does the Gospel exhibit our Lord Jesus Christ at the beginning of His public life honouring with His Divine presence, and that of his Blessed Mother and His apostles, the marriage teast of Caua in. Galilee. He even performed His first miracle on that occasion to inspire all around Him with a knowledge of its sacred character, and the sublime dignity to whieh He was about to elevate it as a sacrament of the New Law. The sanctity ot unrisnan. matrimony w-is uuus placed beyond all question by our Lord Him self, and His holy spouse, the Catholic Church, has ever exhibited towards it a spirit of watchfulness and solicitude which alone would entitle her to the gratitude of mankind and cause her to be regarded as the most faithful guardian of public and private morality. Many of the contests in which she was engaged during the middle ages were sustained in defence of the stability and sanctity of the marriage contract, and, as you are well aware, she allowed England to be torn from her bosom rather than permit the violation of this law of God by her sensual king, and sanction the degradation of Queen Catherine. Hence your prelates assem bled in Provincial Synod deemed it their duty to call the attention of the faithful to the sanctity and dignity of marriage, and to the many obligations which it imposes, in order that all, before entering into the holy state of matrimony, should seriously reflect on the choice they are about to make, and beg of God to direct them so that they may have no other view but that of performing His holy will. The exact observance of the decrees adopted at the Melbourne Council will, to a great extent, secure this object, and have the effect of preventing those precipitate and hasty marriages which, not receiving the blessing of God or His Church, are sure to bring innumerable evils on the married couple, and to destroy that union and charity which should exist amongst them, typified by the close union between Christ and His Church, and described by the Apostle St. Paul in his .Epistle to the Ephesians, — '?'Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved the Church and delivered Himself up for it, that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, or any sivii thi:ig, but that it should be holy and without blemish. So also ought men Lo love their wives as their own bodies. This is a great Sacrament in Christ and in the Church.' But I must rely on the zeal uf r,ho clergy frequently to instruct the people oi: this important subject, to point out to then* the dispositions required for its reception, and how in taking a step of such importance, on which their happiness in this life and their eternal savation in the npxfc so much depend, all levity and indecent haste should be avoided ; how the wise laws of God and of His holy Church should 'be observed, in order to secure for themselves the blessing pf heaven and the presence of Jesus Christ and His blessed Mother, a privi lege vouchsafed to the married couple in. Cana ; and how they should contract marriage before the altar of God. and, ' when practi cable,have tlie Nuptial Mass celebrated so Lliat they may receive that special blessing of the Church which is sure to bring with it so many graces to enable those who enter into this holy state to fulfil its most important and difficult duties. But the bishops, assembled at Melbourne, filled with solicitude for the welfare of im mortal souls for whichl they shall have to render a strict account, gave their most ear nest attention to the subject of mixed mar riages, and to the many abuses which have, fo the great injury of religion, crept in and done irreparable mischief among Catholics in. Australia, by sowing the seeds of that fatal indifference to all religion which usually characterizes the contracting' 'parties them selves as well as their; children. In words of most earnest and affectionate warning, they poin t. out the evils of mixed marriages in their Pastoral Letter. They say : ''The frequency of mixed marriages is a. terrible blot upon the character or our Catholic community. It is sad to think with what facility Catholic parents consent to such irreligious, connections ; with how little cau tion they expose their young people to social intercourse where passionate fancy and the thoughtlessness of yputh are certain to en tail the danger of mischievous alliances. It is in the main the fault of the parents more than of the children, who hear sp little warning against mixed marriages — so little denuncia tion and deprecation of their dangers and mis eries. If youngpeople did hearfrom the clergy and from parents as often and as explicitly as they ought the sense and doctrine of the Church concerning such marriages, they would be a far rarer calamity than they are. The generosity itself of the young would revolt from such unions if they saw them in. their true light— as a danger and a disgrace ». Yes, a disgrace; not, perhaps, always in the eye ' of the world, but always in the eye of the Church. How are they to be interpreted? On one side there is the Church teaching that matrimony is a sacrainent — that the married life has its own great duties, its own difficul ties, for which special graces of God are necessary, and which are provided by Him. —that the state is to be entered upon thoughtfully and solemnly, with careful pre paration of mind and heart — that spouses are to be of mutual help and encouragement in the grand end of all human life, the life for God in the next world. This is on one side ; and on the other what ? A mere fanciful or passionate attachment, with little enough of worth about it, even when pure with the utmost natural puritv it can have ; a mere passionate attachment, overlooking, or at least most certainly undervaluing, the great con siderations we have just stated. Is not this a disgrace? Or if' the motive to mixed marriage be an advantageous alliance in respect of money prospects, is it not even more disgraceful to soil a sacred thing with the sordid calculations of a commercial bargain? Or, if the mixed marriage be coveted because one of the parties possesses some little higher worldly standing of fashion, or connection, or style— why, is nofc the thing still more contemptibly disgraceful, at least for the Catholic, with his or her belief about the one Church, the holiness of sacra ments, the preciousness of God's grace, and the true end of life. The sad truth is, dearly beloved, that the indifferentism which we have already stig matized as the mother heresy and pestilence of our day, has reached us, and has been, fostered by those peculiar conditions of our colonial society which we began by indicating-. Every worldly motive is intensified, every spiritual object andresponsibilityisbedimmed and attenuated. Mixed marriages are formed by those whose faith is partly suffocated by the unwholesome atmosphere of indifforentism, consciously or unconsciously ; and mixed marriages directly propagate indifferentism. How could it be otherwise ? Even in those few, those very few cases in which the engage ment to respect and leave at perfect liberty the faith and practice of the Catholic party is honestly and honourably kept, where, according to the same engage ment, the offspring of the mixed marriage are scrupulously educated as Catholics — what will be the effect on the children of the unhappy situation in which they find themselves ? It is scarcely an exaggeration to say that the better, the more dutiful the children, the more likely will they be to inhale the poison of indifferentism, and to act, even if they do not expressly think it, as if difference, of religion were simply a fashion, a matter of human opinion — as if the Church of Christ and the ways of sects were all pathfi leading to one end. They are. taught thwe is one iaith implanted hy our Lord and by the Holy G-host ; one Church founded by our Lord, and, being animated by the Hoiy .Ghost, in full opera tion and detail of worship before the sacred ' Scriptures of the New Testament were ^written ; and yet they see before them every day the two human beings, their parents, those whom they are bound to love and Tererence beyond all — they see them going different ways in this matter of supreme importance. What Catholic would, if he thought truly and justly — what Catholic, man or woman, wouid dare to expose his or her children to such cruel perplexity and danger ? 'We call upon the clergy to place these things more frequently before the minds oftheir people, and to do it with the gentleness, and delicacy, and firmness of the spirit of Christ their Lord.' It is unnecessary to add anything to this solemn admonition given by the united voice of the Australian Episcopacy. The evils of mixed marriages are unquestioned, the Catholic Church has ever condemned them in the strongest terms as odious and detest able, and experience tells us that they have Iteen the cause of the greatest evils both to the contracting parties themselves and to their offspring. Is it not a fact that many -who entered into these engagements, dis regarding the warnings of the Church, have passed their days and years in bitterness And sorrow, have become cold and indifferent in the pi'actice of their holy religion, and liare in some cases, I grieve to say, lost the precious treasure of the holy faith, ?without which it is impossible to please Ood? And if we consider the fate of the poor children, oh what a fear ful responsibility is thrown on the Catholic fathers or mothers, and yet how often are they either incompetent or imwilling to take the necessary steps towards securing the faith of their little ones. Uninstructed them selves, they areincapableof imparting any in struction to the children, and are unable to refute the calumnies and slanders uttered by the non-Catholic party against the Catholic Church and its doctrines; and were they even well informed and able to give an acconnt of the faith which is in them, have they always the courage to attend to the practice of their holy religion ? Do they approach the Sacra ments at stated times? And if they are devoted and fervent Catholics, can they pre serve their peace of mind and listen to and «ndure with patience the many gibes and L sneers against their holy religion, its minis ters and sacred ceremonies ? How, asks St. Ambrose, can there be a sincere union of the affections when persons are divided on reli gion ? And even suppose, my brethren, that nothing of all this should happen, what a pang, what an affliction, it must be to the good Catholic wife to see her husband, whom iy every law, human and Divine, she is bound to love, living in error and out of the true Church ? Does riot even the very sight of the heads of a family separating on Sundays »ud going to worship their Crea oi* in dif ferent places present a sad ai:d mournful spectacle ? How often does it happen that the Catholic party has to suffer a fearful per secution for his or her attachment to our lioly religion and devotion to the Blessed Mother of God? These are facts which cannot be gainsaid, notwithstanding the l)6asted liberality of the age, and the many solemn professions which were made by the parties before contracting marriage. Hence, my dearly beloved brethren, the Archbishop and bishops of Australia, as chief pastors of their flocks, and responsible to Ood for your immortal souls, have directed your attention to the wise laws and provi sions of the Holy Catholic Church. I earnestly beg of the clergy to explain to the faithful those measures, and should ever a dispensation be granted for a mixed marriage, they will take care to observe exactly the wise .regulations laid down in the various decrees concerning mixed marriages, by the Provin cial Council of Melbourne — they are not allowed to use any sacred rite, or otherwise countenance such marriages which the Church has ever condemned, and which she merely v tolerates for grave reasons and iu order to avoid greater evils. As I said in the beginning of this letter, these decrees regarding mixed marriages have been ap proved by our Holy 'Father the Pope after the most mature consideration, so that wo may say, with Saint Augustine, ' Eome has spoken, the question is settled,' and let us hope that rill abuses iu regard to this very important subject are at an end. Listen nob to those who would urge worldly motives, or earthly considerations;, bub remembering the words of our Divine Redeemer, ' 'What doth it profit a man to gain the whole world if lie lose his own soul,' you will avoid such unions as receive not the blessing of Cfod's lioly Church, and should even an angel ? from heaven preach another doctrine, believe Mm nob, for ' ho that will not hear the Church, let him. bo to th.ee. as a heathen and publican.' I may add that the Divorce J3ill .,- lately adopted in' this colony, by which the \: ,peu.c'e, stability, and sanctity of the Christian ./, , family are undermined, affords an additional '?'-.' 'reason for our determined opposition to mixed marriages, as the Catholic party can liave no security that the non-Catholic will not avail of this mischievous measure and contract other engagements, while the Oafcho lio party will be bound by the Divine Law, ' what God has joined together, let no man put asunder,' and cannot of course contract another marriage. For I need not remind you, dearly beloved brethren, that this measure, framed as it is in open violation of the law of God, can have no effect in regard to 'us, nor can Catholics avail of it under any circumstances, ' for the woman that hath an husband whilst her husband liveth is bound to the law, but if her husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.' It will be our duty to say with the Apostles, ' If it be just in the sight of God to hear you rather than God, judge ye.' And now, dearly beloved brethren, I am anxious to direct your special attention to another decree adopted by the bishops at Melbourne. It refers to the great work and pious association known in Europe as the ' Propagation of the Faith.' The origina tors of this society proposed that its members should contribute one half penny per week (or 2s. 2d. a year) for the support of foreign missions. It has already spread over a large portion of Christendom, and this diocese has derived from it great benefits and large contributions both for the ecclesi astical training of priests and for their pas sage to Australia, and we are in duty bound to make some return to that excellent asso ciation for the deep interest they have ever evinced in promoting the interests of our holy religion in this diocese. I entreat of the clergy to establish on the 1st January next this great work of Catholic charity. For nearly fifty years it has been the means of supporting the heroic mission aries of the Catholic Church, who, like the Apostles of old, have gone forth to the uttermost bounds of the earth, to the north and south, to the east and west, proclaiming to the yet unconverted nations the doctrines of our holy faith. Let us add our contribu tions to the offerings of our Catholic brethren throughout the world. The exercise of this great charity will bring down from heaven blessing of God on those who contribute, on their families, and on their homes. They will be enriched by the blessing of our Holy Father, and by the many indulgences which he and his predecessors of holy memory, have at various times granted to those who, fulfilling the other conditions, shall have contributed to the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Faith. I append for the convenience of the clergy and the faith ful the general table of the indulgences granted by the Sovereign Pontiffs, and the conditions to be observed for gaining them. It so happens tnat I am closing this letter on the feast of St. Francis Xavier, who is the patron of this association. I trust this great saint, who in his day performed such prodigies in converting to the true faith so many Dations sitting in darkness and the shadow of death, and who is also the patron of the Australian Church, will obtain for us an earnest zeal in promoting the glory of God, the interests of religion and education, and the eternal welfare of our immortal souls, so that we all one da3r, united in the bonds of charity and peace, may praise and bless God, enjoy His Divine presence and the blessings of the most Sacred Heart of Jesus, throughout the endless ages of eternity. © JAMES, Bishop of Maitiand. Maitland, Feast of St. Francis Xavier, 1873. P.S. — I think it well to mention that his Holiness the Pope granted and the 13th September, 1863, at the reqnest of the vene rable Archbishop of Sydney, a dispensation from the fast and abstinence on all Wednes days in Advent, except Wednesday in Ember Week; and of course when the Yigil of Christmas falls on Wednesday, as is the case this year, the law of fast and abstinence is to observed. Translation of Decrees Regarding Edu cation', Mixed Marriages, and Other .Subjects Adopted by the Archbishop and Bishops Assembled at tiik Provin . cr.AL Council at Melbourne in April, 18d9. Decrees on Education. 1\. Since the Church cannot rightly discharge that most solemn duty entrusted to her by Christ Our Lord, namely of instructing the faithful in 'sound doctrine, and preserving them from daugerous and poisonous pastures, unless she e.rjoys tho fullest liberty and power of imbuing them with tho principles of Catholic faith, and of training them to good morals, we cannot approve of any system of education which either inflicts an injury on that power of the Cluircb, or in any way whatsoever impedes its exercise. 2\. Hence we condemn that education of Catholic youth which is separated from Catho lic faith and from the power of the Church, and therefore we shall take care to remove Catholic children from those schools which are called mixed schools, since iu them, according to the civil law, the Church can exorcise no aunhority, nor have any power in regulating the studies, selecting the books, or in the choice of tho teachers. 3\. Wo admonish all the clergy and the faithful committed to our care that they are bound to use every exertion to erect, where possible, Catholic schools in which the authority of tho Church will be fully recognized, and that, method of instruction observed which has for its first object the eternal welfare of souls, and where the true teaching oi religion is wisely .j combined with knowledge and progress Id litera ture. 4\. For the erecting and conducting of these schools we shall assert our right to our just proportion of the public revenues which are yearly set apart for the education of the people, so that the claims of all may be respected, no prejudice beiBg offered either to the faith of Catholics or to the conscience of non-Catholics ; and we shall make every effort to provide Catho lic education in every district for our Catholic youth. 5\. But all that which has been asserted of the authority of the Church in this matter of education by no means prevents the different Governments from inspecting our schools, through their officials, and of making themselves acquainted with the fitness and qualifications of the teachers. 6\. Since the education of youth greatly de pends on the choice of teachers, it is right that they should be not only adorned with purity and zeal for the Catholic faith and imbued with good morals, but they ought also to be very well instructed in all that they are bound to teach in the schools. That teachers possessing these qualities may be had, it is quite necessary that training schools be erected in which they shall be properly trained in the principles of the Catholic faith, and diligently acquire a know ledge of human science necessary for the fulfill ing of this office. But we affirm that it is only just that assistance should be granted from the public Treasury for the building and the conduct ing of these schools. 7\. But that the clergy may have before their eyes sound principles of education in which the faithful are to be continually instructed the Fathers desired to insert here three propositions condemned by the Sovereign Pontiff, Fius IX, happily reigning, which are of the greatest im portance. '45. The entire government of public schools in which the youth of any Christian state is educated, except (to a certain extent) in the case of episcopal seminaries, may and ought to appertain to the civil power, and belong to it so far that no other authority whatsoever shall be recognized as having any right to iuterfere in the discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees, in the choice or approval of the teachers.' '47. The best theory of civil society requires that popular schools, open to the children of every class of the people, and, generally, all public institutes intended for instruction in letters and philosophical sciences, and for carrying on the educatiou of youth, should be freed from all ecclesiastical authority, control, and interference, and should be fully subjected to the civil and political power, at the pleasure of the rulers and according to the standard of the prevalent opinions of the age.' '48. Catholics may approve of a system of educating youbh unconnected wibh Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of earthly social life.' Decrees on Matrimong. 1\. Whereas, according to the testimony of the Apostle Paul, marriage is a great Sacrament, and typifies the marvellous union that exists between Christ and the Church, priests, to whom is entrusted the care of souls, should see that the faithful be properly disposed to receive, with becoming piety, so great a Sacrament : and they should endeavour to observe exactly all that has been wisely prescribed, concerning this Sacrament, in the Missal and the Roman Ritual, as well as in the Acts and Decrees of the first Australian Council. 2\. They should be very careful to have the oantracting parties instructed in tho rudiments of the faith, they should exhort them to confess their sins diligently, and to approach the Sacra ment [of the laosfc Iholy Eucharist, they should teach them moreover how to live together, piously and in a Christian manner, in the married state. 3\. Hence we consider worthy of reproach the eonduct, not unf requent in this country, of those who, without giving any previous notice, pre sent themselves to the priest, to be married at once. To provide against this evil, we require that at least some days previous they inform the priest of the intended marriage, unless, indeed, the circumstances of the case warrant another course, in order that they may be pro perly instructed in all that concern this Secra inent, and also that the necessary inquiry may be made as to their freedom, before proceeding to celebrate the marriage. 4\. Hence the Fathers decided that the banns should be published, in accordance with the law of the councils of Lateran and Trent. 5\. In regard to mixed marriages, that is, of Catholics with non-Catholic?, it is well kaown that they are strictly forbidden by the ancient la-sir of the Church, which the Popes have always inculcated, as the sanctity of marriage requires, that both parties be qualified by faith and other dispositions of the mind to receiv e the grace of the Sacrament ; and as many disadvantages and great evils frequently arise from marriages of this kind, namely, domestic broils, the perver siou of the Catholic party and of the offspring, or, what frequently happens in this country, the children are infected with indifferontism. G. Adhering therefore to the doctrine handed down by the Church oa this matter, and bear ing in mind the decrees of the Supreme Pontiffs, and especially the Instruction of Benedict XLV., concerning marriages in Holland and Belgium, we, with so ftreat a Pontiff, reprobate such marriages, and. wish to quote here his most important words, which may serve as a rule to us : — 'With regard to those marriages which are also contracted in the same federal Provinces of Belgium, by Catholics with heretics, without; observing the form laid down by the Council of Trent, hia Holiness, grieving especially that theie are those amongst Catholics who, shamefully led away by impure lave, fear not to engage iu those detestable marriages which our Holy Mother the Church has ever condemned and. interdicted, and highly praising the zeal of tboso* prelates who, by the severest spiritual penalties endeavour to prevent Catholics from entering into 3uch a sacrilegious union with heretics solemnly exhorts and admonisheB all bishops' vicars apostolic, parish priests, missionaries* and all other faithful ministers of God and of the Church living in those parts that, &b; far a» they are able, they will deter Catholics of both sexes from engaging in these marriageB, to tho destruction of their own souls, and that they will endeavour ,to impede and effectually pre vent the aforesaid marriages in every possible way. 7\. Hence we feel bound to admonish all priests firmly to adhere to this doctrine, and to explain the evils arising from marriages of thia kind — lBt, on account of the criminal partici* pation in Divine things ; 2nd, on account of the danger of perversion, to which the Catholic party is exposed j 3rdly, on account of the bad training of the offspring and that with all earneBtoess they labour to prevent all such marriages. With thi-* view they shall read and explain these decrees to the people once a year during Mass, which may be conveniently done on the second Sunday after the Epiphany. 8\. Priests should remember that for the granting of a dispensation, just and grave reasons, which are to be made known ia writ ing to the Ordinary of the diocese, are always required ; so that, having duly considered all the circumstances of the case, be may be able to decide whether he can use the power of dis pensing granted him by the Holy See. But if the prieat, after the dispensation has been ob tained, should know that the contracting parties do not |intendgto fulfil |the conditions—viz., to preserve intact the faith of the Catholic Bpousa and of the offspring of both sexes, to secure the conversion of the non-Catholic, as also to observe the other conditions required— tho marriage should not be celebrated. 9\. The priests are further to understand that, according to the decrees of the Supreme Pontiffs, these marriages, when allowed, are to be cele brated outside the church, without any sacred ceremony. 10\. Moreover it will not be lawful for them to assist at thoBe marriages, should they diB- cover that the contracting parties, either pre vious to, or after being married in their presence,, intend to present themselves before an heretical minister, or the registrar. 11\. In order to deter Catholics, aa far as lies in our power, from those sacrilegious unions, we declare that all who in future contract mixed marriages before a Protestant minister or a registrar, are guilty of grievous sin, the absolu tion of which is reserved to the Ordinary; 12\. And if —what God forbid ! —two Catholics,. setting aside the ministry of the priest, |and despising the authority of the Church, should dare to contract before a heterodox minister or a registrar, let them know that they incur major excommunication, the absolution of which is also reserved to the bishop. The Propagation of the Faith. The Fathers desire that the Society of the Propagation of the Faith, which exists in other countries with such great advantage to religion,, be promoted and extended through all the dio ceses of this province. The Latin Language to be Used in the Administration of the Sacraments. We decree, in accordance with whatj is pre scribed in the Roman Ritual, that priests ar« strictly bound to use the Latin language in the administration of the Sacramenta and in the burial of the dead ; and should they deem it expedient for sake of explanation to give a ver sion of what they recite in English, they cart only use that translation which has been approved by the ordinary. Should any usage contrary to this decree have crept ia, we direct it to be abolished without delay, j Decree on the Conferring of Baptism as Soon' as Possible. Let parents and those whom it may concern he warned that, according to what the Roman Ritual prescribes, they should ses that Baptism he administered as soon as possible, and when they have easy access to the church, they should not permit it to be postponed beyond the seventh day after birth. Decree Regarding Private Baptism. Whereas Baptism is necessary for salvation, it was ordained by tho goodneps of God that it can be validly conferred by any one ; therefore priests should be careful about the faithful, but, more especially, midwives, should know the man ner and form of administering it, so that, in case of necessity, they may rightly confer it. Decree Regarding Collections, We prohibit collections under any title or pretext whatsoever, without the permission of the Ordinary. Decree Regarding the Annual Collection for the Pope. We, in union with the Supreme Pontiff now happily reigning, and the entire Catholic Episcopate, acknowledge and profess that the civil sovereignty of the Roman Church was founded by a singular interposition of Divine Providence, in order that the Roman Pontiffs might with perfect freedom exercise the authority entrusted to them by Christ over the Universal Church. Hence we are moved by the deepest sorrow when we see the possessions of thia same sovereignty, which are recognized as the common property of all Catholics, sacrilegiously seized upon and wrested by violence ana treachery from their lawful owner Hence in order to provide for the necessities of the Holy See in these straits, and to secure the means whereby the Sovereign Pod tiff and Father of Christendom may be enabled to govern the Universal Church, wo .appoint Sunday within, the Octave of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, on which the offerings of tho faithful in thia entire Province of Australia may be received,, and we exhort all priests to excite the faithful to the greatest reverence towards the Boly See, «o that by their prayers and pious contributions they may give proofs of their veneration and love, as has been done by the Catholics of other .countries. On Reading the Decrees and Allocutions of the Pope, and Explaining them to the Faithful. As soon as the priests shall have a copy of the siew Decrees and of the Allocutions of the Sovereign Pontiff, they should fully explain the sense and doctrine of them to their Hocks, so that the voice of Christ's Vicar promoting the ?worship of the Baints or speaking for our instruction, and condemning the errors of the Age in which we live, may .be continually heard iby his faithful children. 