GENERAL SUMMARY. 1 At the Exhibition, Victoria and New -5™.i. Wales are far ahead of the other colonies ' A great fire occurred in Manchester, on Ann) 2,, at the carriage works of tho YorkAmS Lancashire Carruifro Company. Tho works anJ stock, which cost £200,000, tt-ero destroyed ' A great tire also iirokeontatDockhca-l, auder ? tensive iiruuuses were destrnved ti.,, i-_. ° . Wales and the Duko of Sutherlaud wore present!! the conllasration. Tho Earl of De la War committed smcide'hv drowning while suffering from temporary nisimtv A new lighthouse lamp has been phctd overtba ' clock towers at Westminster as an experiment It ! can be seen during clear weather at a dibtanco of 25 miles. John Stuart Mill's death was caused by am. pelas. lie died at Aviqnon. Colonel Trevor of the 14th Regiment, ha exchanged with Colonel Thompson, of thu Wtli and lefc England for Bombay. ' At the Tichborue trial the Court his been crowded. Sergeant Hawkins, for the pro ecution spoko for sis days. Evidence w\3 then called' The examination of M. Salis, and M Adrian' Mons. Chatillou and Madame Ch.itillon, Charles Goshoim and M. Daranz, closed whati called w ' Paris the hoad of evidence, which was giron dead ? against the accused. On June 13, thesuneofftj trial was transferred from the Westminster Sessions Uuusc to the Court of Queen'3 Bench. ' There the subject of the seton on the ??honlder ' formed one of the points of cross-exajmratiim, \ Tho reading of the claimant's evidenco occupieda i very long time. Thu original Tomaso Otstro and Mrs Hayloy have arrived from South Vment3. ! Sir Roger lodged with Mrs Hayley in \ ilpiraifo. \ A telegram, dated May 21, says that she identified i tho claimant as Arthur Orton. No further mystery is mado in reference to ti» * Duko of Edinburgh's engagement to the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia, with whom ho will haw some £20,000 a-year. The Vienna Exhibition proved to bo a grand success. TUe English department nas 'most houourably forward, aud the Austrians admit that we did our duty in assisting them to othr a splondid sight to the people of Europe. Thera were gigantic extortions at the hotels, t&a; proprietors of which quadrupled their ordinary prices. Tho battle of Puente.de-Eraul, fought on May 5th, near Estelld, in the province of Nnvarce, ws3 one of the most serious and important engage ments of the Carlist war. It terminated iu a com plete and decisive victory for Dorrcgaray, tha , insurgent leader. He had about 3000 meniu position in the centre commanded by Li/w^a,tta left was commanded by Elio, aud tlio n°litl-y himself in person. Colonel Navarro, the Govern ment commander, with three officers, sixty four subalterns, and a large number of .pmatesircn made prisoners. ' At the Clerkouwell Polico Court, Frederick Philip Laws, letter-carrier, was chargod with stealing a hundred ami fifty five Capo diamond*. After the hewing of the easo ho was remanded.1 Tho sum of £'S-il has been subscribed as a te.^i-' monial to George Cruikshank. i At the French election M. Barodot KatM. R«!iius.it by 1S0.0OO to 135,000. Field-Marshal Von Wrangler, of Prussn, hi! celebrated his ninetieth birthday. At Panama the President General Neyr.i liM£ given up the reins of Government in accordant , with the popular will, and Senor Cerraa has taken charge of the Presidency. Earthquake shocks have been felt at Sah idor. They followed one another with frightful rapidity; Tho National Palace has given way. Jl iuj oE the inhabitants were so frightened that they became insane. Thera was dread of cholera immediately after the return of the Rangoon with the Ambassadors. Intermittent and ague fevers are still prevalent at Port Louis, Mauritius. ' The troubles of the Dutch at Sumatra are onfha increase ; 10,000 Malay troops, it is reported, aw marching on tho Delhi settlement (northeast coast of Sumatra). Disturbances are also threat ened ou some parts of Java. ' There have been more fires in Yokohama ,A severe shock of earthquake was felt there on tho 10th April. A branch of the Asiatic Society, Yokohama, hi hold its first meeting. Tho Government of Japan propose establishing { banks. Railways are flourishing. JapaneseladiW are adopting foreign costume. Valuable coal field discoveries in Awa. The Kito Exhibition* was very successful. ' ? A meeting of all the Foreign Ministers was held at Pekin, April 21, for the purpose of d* , oussing the question of the Chinese making (» ' wide cart road between Pekin and Tientsin The Emperor has visited tho Tombs of India and the East. f On June 6th, the screw steiuner Loitn, from Calcutta to London, wiW totally wrecked on tho e-ist coast of Ceylon. All lives were si\ed SirBartle Frore, after publicly denouncing Eat African slavery as supported by Lidiau merchants in Bombay, left for England, and succeeds bir a. C. Riuvliuson as president of the Rojal Geogra phical Society. ' ., 1 ?- Admiral Cumming, with all available menof war, is gone to make u demonstration »t Zan zibar. ', The burst of the monBoon has taken pUcott, Ceylon. There are several floods in the of 1 country. During the stormy weather at Gal%. lone native vessel was wrecked in harbor. f , Messrs. Ainslie and Birch are gaietted Judges of the High Court of Calcutta. i The Indian Government is stringently rorestiga; tine tho circumstances connected with th» recent' murder of Major M'Donald on the Pirawp frontier. Several native villagers are supposed t» be implicated. Troubles threaten in Kh«l»t »tJ Beloochistan. The Viceroy, is Ikc|j 'to w6 Madras at tho end of the year. Maharaja? Scindiah is now visiting the Viceroy at Simla t The working of coal oud iron, aud the con struction of railways are expected to be lanctionea by the Pekin Government. J The King and Queen of Denmark, with tw Prince-s Thyra, are expected to visit tMttuM'; of Wales shortly. ,| The Lord-Mayor (Waterlow) gw« s fancy dred ball, at which the costumes of the tim» ot lobi». XIV. were adopted. „',.,. n*J Several alleged members of the Cchrt.Coifc mittee were brought up at Bow ?treet. *'| Flowers declined to proceed with this case vm tho evidonco until compelled by mandamus. d»| snidit should be dealt with by the Crown la| oflicers. ' , , ...H Roberts, a London stockbroker, has been sen. tenced to ten years' pennl servitude. f; George Smith, tho ' Daily Telegraph ' explore^ has mado remarkable discoveries in Mesapo t^ and on the banks of the Tigris ; numerous valu»M| relics have'rowardod his senrch. I American sympathy with Caleb Codling: in .M brutal attack on the Chief Justice, in '^fft of tho Geneva award, is emphatically repudutea.r .'.... !' Tho wreck of tlio Atlantic hits been blown up ?svitli eimpowiloT. Si!) bodies and ltugo cjvmntitius of-rO«lslmvo boon recovered.- j A soicro shock of earthquake has been folt at Doncastcr. . _ A. powerful movoinont against l.ttunlistic jirnctisosiii Knglish cliurches has boun iuiliatod by the Church Association. _ ,,,,... A priwJ-fight took place in an old liapcist tbspi'l, Graftdn-strcot, Soho. An :nlmission fco of one {.'tiimin was chnrsud. One iMifjilisfc was newly lilled iu tho uncuunlor. «... ? -- ? ?'' ~ ' ? A Polvxbsias's Fi'-kvk.— Tho ' rt.icl;li!iin]-tnn Bulletin' o£ tho ISth instant -;ives the fiill(winS 'account of a Polynesian on buard th« Lord ishlcy (*?) 'running a muck' : — 'The (jord ^sl,lSy(-!.)left. Someini't, Gape York, for tho south uii Saturday week, and on the evening of Sunday camo to an anchor oil'Suiiday Mwiil. Jnist as tWa anchor was being fli-oppeJ, a Polynesian, without the tho BlightCBt apparent eaime or provocation, ran t« tho aftur part of the ship ' like a. m;i& bull,' shrieking hideously, p:i-fie-l along the saloon, anil , rllg]icd clean through one of the cabin duo:*. He then came out of the cabin, and entered the opposite one, the door of which clo*«d behind him. Tho mishap, it is beliereil, gave him rhe impres 6ion that he waR locked in, for he plunged agaiimt tho door, broke it down, (tnd then began rushing to and fro in the saloon. Not content with this amusement, he smashed the pier 'laes, broke two of (he cabin lamps, and the ten, thimjH be.insr laid ou the table, began ' shying* tiie china, crockery, and glass about promiscuously at objects -both animate and inanimate, until the V:hW. had been cleared, and every tumbler iu the ship broken. This diversion be coutiuued for a considerable ^iine, defying all attempts at capture, and indicting injuries more or leas severe upon tho captain and {our or iive of the passengers and o!h'c:er-t who attempted to restrain his mischievous exploits. The rogue waB a, powerful fellow, and, having ?before 'starting on tho performance divested him self of all clothing, he was about as difficult to cap ture as a pig with a greasy fail. One stalwart sailor .attempted to put an end to the scene, but the inadraau rushed at him and instantly threw the gailor over his head. At iirst it was supposed that the fellow was armed with a. knife, and his -.felts so astonished both crew and passengers (hat great mischief was done before concerted measures ?could be tiken to effect a capture. Amongst other ware on the table was rather a. heavy vessel containing raspberry jam, and this was hurled wiUi great force at a retreating passenger, striking liiinon the back and depositing the jam there in ' 3 dripping sticky mass. The gentleman who re ceived this odd demonstration, of savase ?rindictiveuesB, on feeling the blow, involnntarity put his baud to his back, and finding something trickling down his coat concluded he had be-'n stabbed%nd lustily shrieked out a series of ex clamations to that effect. Ultimately, tho mad man was overpowered by six or seven men, and ]ashed down. All dangers having been thus averted, attention was turned to the damages in flicted upon persona and property during the performance, the situation becumiag slightly ?flielodranmtic on the discovery being made that the ' stabbed ' passenger was unhurt, save by the bloir from the jam pot. Tiie captaiu had received 3 sprain in the wrist, the back of his right hand ffasBkinued, and injuries more or less seve'-e had been suffered by four or five other persons. The ' damage to property is estimated at £10, and the saloon still presents a delapidated appearance, the ceiling (or rather deck) lining boards in places having been wrenched loose. The name of the Polynesian is unknown, but he was one of the crew of the Woodbine, which vessel waB lately Feized by the Basilisk. He had been employed on one of the detached fishing stations* but refused to work, and wa? placed on board the Lord Ashley ?to bo taken to Sydney. He is a very powerful fellow, and was far more than a match for the :3tronKest4i)an ou board. Collision in Stimtey Harbour : One Dan isupposed to be dhowned. — About a quarher-past (i o'clock on Thursday evening, as the steamer Woninra, Captain Marwick, was coming down the Parramatta River, from Hunter's Hili, where she had been discharging coal, and between Bali's Head and Cockatoo Island, she ran into a boat. The steamer was at once' stopped, and a boat was .lowered. Search being then made, the fragments of a boat and some brooms were found floating about. No occupants could, however, bo found ; ?and it was evident that whoever had been therein at the time of the collision must have gone to the ?bottom. A« soou as the Woniora arrived in the ?Cove, the matter was reported to the water police. A boat and crew wns at once despatched to tho Mne'of the occurrence. Search was made about rthe spot, and drags were employed ; but all efforts to find a human body were unsuccessful. For one thing, the exact spot where tho collision had taken place was not known ; Besides the water is very deep between Ball's Head aud Goat Island ; the bottom is very uneven, and a strong flood tide was setting up the harbor. Search was renewed twice yesterday, but with the came as the previous unsatisfactory result. Pieces of the boat were on this occasion found, ?along the north shore, near to Ball's Head. An elderly woman, named Jones, went yesterday morning and recognised a paddle which bud been found near the fragments of the boat as ono which her husband, »u old man about GO years of ago, ?had used to propel his boat, in which be conveyed brooms and clothes poles to Sydney for sale, from the place where he resided at Lane Cove. Mrs Jones reported that her husband was missing ; and itbecame clear that it was hia boat which had been run down by the steamer. It was thought on ' Thursday evening that there must have been raoro ?than one occupant in the boat at tho time of tho occurrence. But it became evident, from inquirios made yesterday at the instance of tho water polico, 'that Joues left Sydney on that evening by hiin ; self iuhia boat to go to Sydney.—' Herald. The Newcastle Coal Trade.— Somo interest-. ing facts reepecting the coal trade at Port Hunter ?were mentioned at tho banquet given to tho Hon Colonial Treasurer, at Newcastle. They eIiow that the commercial gseatness and importanco of the port are rapidly increasing. The exports of «oal last year reached close on a million tons. In ?the year.1802, twenty-five vesssls arrived in port with cargo amounting to GD51 tons, and, 494 vessels in ballast, reaching 130,989 tons j making C19 ship!, with a tonnage of 137,510 ; but in 1872 197 loaded Teasels, equal to 80.20U tons; and 079 arrivals in ballast, equal to 2u(5,30S tons ; making in all t total of 370 veaaels for that year, with an aggregate tonnitge of 342,514. In tho year 1802 the value of the imports in Newcastle amounted to i2o,125, but in 1872, they reached £2G8,14a flie coal trade at the port is now so great tliat tho facilities for loading vessels are complained of as ?being inadequate ; and Mi- Lloyd was rcqueatod to Ufgo upon the Government tho necessity of pro viding a travelling steam crane, iu addition to tho stationary steam erane» which, havo boon ugod for some yearn ,*JW, or Captain- Lonomuir.— Tho amount ?oi i,7U0, being subscriptions collected in Sydney, was forwarded per laBt mail to the widow of tho late- Captain Longinuir, who was murdeiod on board the ship Rifleman. ;Egles, in last wook's Australasian1 says :— ' Well done, Sydney ! £700 subscribed for a widow and a stranger, who had no ?oatter claim upon the New South Wales community Thi n\\*^ h&d; 6ulfered » crushing disaster. iaw captain Longmuir was murdered upon his vojap to the colonies did not impose any respon sibility upou the people at his ship'u destination tt provide for his bereaved family. But theso generous folk are more liberal than logical, and tnw hlve m,d(J uob|e proviBi0)li j wom]or hnd milrtgmWrbeena S?dlicy ™ulent, and the misfortune occurred on tho voyage to London or Wverpool, whether there would have been such n remittance from either place as that transmitted Rttth^T dot1racti'K from British generosity C? benevolent impulses are less quick and Slav IS y T ? \ Onco Iuoro- wo11 dou° Sydney ! Despkrath Suicidk at Waiiataii.— Tho 'New castle Chronicle ' saj-H, over sinco her attempt on iier Iiic, Mrs. Lowio has boon in a very precarious condition, but more especially diiriHg'thc last few days. It uppnura that iUrs.' JIuUIiuwk and Mrs. Vest, of Lambion, were in attendance upon Miv. Lewis till Monday, morning ]nat, when Mrs. Mor gan took charge of tliu unfortunate woman, acting under the directions of Dr JJ ill. Constables Daly (of Wnnitah) and Frieze (of Lambton) had been .-.itern.-itfly on duty nt Mrs. Lewis's house ever ninei! tho. ?ittemp! i-d suicide. On Tuesday nuht sho appeared to be sinking fast, stud about. 9 \i.m. whs to all Bppeai-iinces (load ;sho, however, rallied, and asked Mr Lewis to go for tho llev. David Young, {japti.it LJiuisicr at LmiiiIhoii, and toiiio prayer leaders. Mr Win ruliirned shortly after wards, with Mr Yomigaud two of thu members or his church, who stayed wilh her until 1 o'clock a.m. oi\ Wednesday, after having road, sung, and pniywl with her, at her request. At a o'clock oil Wednesday morning, Mr Lewis, at tho urgent ♦-?ntreaty of hi-i wifo, went again for Mr Young, but couli not wako him up, and returned, but went again for Mr Young at IJ a.m.— being ro qutsti'd to do so by Mrs. Lewis. Mr Young came again at (i o'clock, and stayed with the. unfortunsitu woman till about haJf-past 7. Shortly after tin's, she had her son David brought to her bedside, when she kietsed him mid sent him for Dr. Hill. She then kisKuil her husband, and asked him !:-- umku her Homo beef tea, whoreupim Mr Lewis went to the kitchen to do ho ; Mrs. Morgan, how ever, knowing that the doctor vaa sent for, set about tidying the room, and swept it ;but, finding lhatthe wind was blowing the dust back again into the bedroom, and fearing that that might havo an ill-eifect ou the wound, closed the door while sho Hwept the dual, out into the yard. Constable Daly, who was on duty at the time, of course, made no objection to the shutting of the door, for tho time beinu. but at thin juncture Mr Lewis came into the front room from the kitchen, where he bad been preparing the beef tea, and on opening the door of the bedroom was horrified to sue Mrs. Lewis bleeding from tho neck, having a pair of scissors in her hand. He with Mrs Morgan rushed to tho bed, and wrenched, with some dilliculty, the scissors out of tiie hand of his wife, and called Constable Daly into tho room. It appears that immediately the door was shut, sho contrived to reach a pair of scissors which had been need by tho doctor, and was hanging on a nail near tho bed, and with her right baud run the sharp point of the scissors into her throat near the front, the scissors coming out ou the left bide of her thrust— having pierced tho jugular vein. Tho whole proceeding took place iu less than one minute, and in four minutes from the time she ran the scissors into her throat Mrs. Lewis died. A Sti:,\nt.i: Story. — The head of a well-known Melbourne firm (says the Melbourne 'Daily Telegraph of June 18) sends us the following narrative, every word of which he vonchos is ''strictly true:' — 'Very extraordinary things have from time to timo been said and written on the subject of ghosts. 1 myself have read and heard of thousands of instanced, to all appearances well authenticated ; but never have I had tho fortune, good or bad to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things ; and I oiler (he following facts for tho acceptance of your readers. Ou Saturday afternoon, tho Vlth insiant, I was on my way home from business in company with a gentleman. The timo was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past G. We wore passing along Spring-street, on tho opposite side to the Princess' Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the footpath from the fenco to the road, aud I put out my hands to prevent Btriking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, as it wore, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, aud also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that tho nearest person in front was some little distanco on, an,d thoro was no person for some distanco behind. Tho appoaranco wns of very peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for tho life of mo say tho form it took. Tho Buddennos of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with tho unusual start which the atl'air gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. A few words in conclusion. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only tbia timo on tho top of an omnibus, when I pointed to tho place, and montioned the fact to tho driver, who told mo that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks backs, had stated that ho had come bolt up against something or somebody at tho very spot, and that he shouted out to it, 'Now then, mind whore you're coining,' when he also was somewhat startled to seo the appearance suddenly disappear.' Fatal Acuibkst. — Tho ' 13raidwood Dispatch' records tho occurrence of a fatal accidont at Boll's Creek on Saturday evening last. Mr David Fornyth, son of Mr Thomas Forayth, wns roturn ing homo to his father's placo from Boll's Paddock, where ho and several other young mon by whom ho was accompanied had been having a game of cricket. Tho party woro riding at a pretty brisk paco along a sidling about a milo and. a half from Mr Forsyte's placo, when Mr David Forsyth's horso fell with him. Ho wns found insensible l-3' Messrs Charlos Hunt and James Potton, who wore about fifty or Bixty yard3 from him when he fell. Dr Gontlo was summoned from Braidwood, but tho injuries to the poor young man were boyond tho power of medical skill. When he was picked up he was blooding very much from tho right oar, which continued until after tho dootor'a arrival. He expired about 0 o'clock on Sunday morning, just twelve hours after hia fall. Funeral of Siu T. A. Mukiiay.— The funeral of tho lato Sir Terenco Aubrey Murray, tho Presi dent of tho Legislative Council, took place last Wednesday morning, moving from his residence, Richmond Honso, Darlinghurst, at ton o'clock, and proceeding thenco to St Judo's Comotry, at Kandwick. At tho invitation in a ' Government Gazette' extraordinary, published on Tuesday evening last, a largo number of tho Civil officers of tho Government attondod as a mark of respect for tho deceased. A guard of honour of foot and horso police (under the ordors of inspector Rawlin boii) wero on duty in front of tho residence of the deceased— tho funeral being marshalled by Captain M'Lorio, I. G., in porson. There wore about eighty carriagos and cabs, and in tho cortdgo, bosides tho 'carriage of his Excellency tho Governor, wero the carriages of tho Roman Catholic Arch bishop and of othor paraonal f riouds of tho deceased. Tho funeral reachod Eandwiok shortly before 12 o'clock. The funeral oorvico was performod by tho Rov ThoinaB Wilson, of St Judo's, and tho Metropolitan Bishop of Sydnoy, Dr P. Barker. Tho remains of tho deceased aro buried— according to tho written directions of Sir Terenco— in the Baine gravo as hi6 friond Mr Fdmund Powell, barrister, who died at tho close of tlio yenr 18G4. Tho grave lies in a sheltered aud boautif ul spot, on the north-eastoru corner of St Jude's churchyard, in full view of the wavos of tho Pacific. ? ' Herald.' SoAitunr or Labour in Victoria. — The want of a sufficient supply of labour in this colony is just now (says tho 'Argu3') attracting considerable attention. Tho Shiro Council of Wyndham has invitod tho other municipalities throughout tho country to join with it in urging on Parliament the desirability of resuming assisted immigration. So great is tho scarcity in that district that wo find it stated on undoubted authority that ' many farmers have been obliged to givo up cultivating their lands and farmB altogether,' for they' can not obtain any class of labour except at ruinous rates.' It is reported that a thick seam of excellent coal has been discovered in the Rockhampton dis trict. A aaniplo of tho mineral has been shown at Rockhampton, and has been pronounced equal to Newcastle coal. The whereabouts of tho seam has not yot been mado known, but it is said, to be within five miles of navigable waters. Mr R. H. Owon, chief clerk of tho Supreme Court, has been appointed by his Honor Sir Jus tice Hargravo as Registrar of the Divorce Court. . Pauhamatta Aoatk. — Thounuul menting of tho Council took plneu on Tuesday the 2ith ultimo, Present — The Mayor, Alderman Parker, Taylor. Coate3, Trott, and Galloway. Thai portion of the miiuitoKof the hist meeting relating to the business transacted '.vhilo the Mayor was in tho ohair wwn read and confirmed, when the Mayor statod that after he had left hist meeting some of his brother aldermen thought they wero in posaension of the chair, and transacted som-; busincs.'. which they bail bad entered in the minute book, he now took upon himself to scratch it all out. He atated that,' in couneijucnco of Alderman 'Byrnes'.' remarks at last meeting about tho incorrectness of the minutes of the previous meeting, hu had culled upon the clerk to explain whether they ivoro tho correct minutes of the business transacted, ami he read a letter from Mr Wiekhmn .-ilKi'ming that the minutes were a correct statement of: tlw business tr.m-iautad. He stated further tint, before any other business \v;vs transacted, lie wished to read a letter to thu Council bo had received on Monday uinht from Mi.-sxra Alloa, Bowdeu, tmd Allen, which was as follows :—' Juno 23rd, 1873. Mr Aldorman Hugh Taylor, Parramatta.— Sir,— Wo have been instructed by Thomas Dixon, J. Good, Iv A. llitchio, Jas. Pyo, C. J. Byrnes, aud S. i B'.irgo, all of P.vrramsftca, Esquires, to give you | notice that, having submitted for the opinion of the Hon F. M. Barley, Karj, Ihcfollowingquestions, viz., ' Was tho elciction of Aldoriunn Taylor to the oiibo of Mayor of tho Borough of Parrnmatla tor thu prcsont municipal year, which took place on or about 23rd day of April last, loyally miule, and is it a valid election, or on the other hand were not tho whole proceedings of that day void, and is not Alderman Taylor liable to bo ousted under tho 9!)th section of tho Municipal Act I1 Mr Darley has adviaed that your alleged election to the ofiice of Mayor is absolutely void ; and, further, that until a Mayor bo lawfully elected, tho Council is in abeyance. Mr Darley has further advised that application be at once mado under tho OUth section to oust you from the ollico, mid we beg to inform you that wo have instructions to make such appli cation with tho least possible delay. Pending the decision of tho Supremo Court wo havo to caution you from rendering yourself liablo under tho penal clause of the Act by further assuming to act as Mayor of tho municipality.' Upon receipt of this letter he had that day buoii to Sydney and laid his case before tho Hon tho Attorney-General aud Mr Salomons, and he had also soeu two of the most respectable attornoys in Sydney, and, acting under thuir instructions, ho had determined to proceed with tho business as Mayor of the borough. There woro a number of strangers in tho room, who received tho Mayor's announcement with applause. Tho -business then proceedod, aud after all the resolution* woro discussed, tho Mayor declared tho meeting closed. The Western Escort brought down the following quantities of gold for the psistweek :— Snfula, 219 oz; Bathurst, 85 oz ; Hargraves 320 oz ; Tamba roora, 1100 oz ; Mudgee, 01 oz ; Gulgong, 1-179 oz ; Orange, 2-19 oz ; Stouey Creok, 353 oz. 