NATIONAL EDUCATION. III. WHY should education be made compul-<*> sory?— is a question sometimes asked by people who are firm believers in the wisdom of their ancestors, and who are content to " stand upon the ancient ways," and to exclaim with Christopher Sly, " Let the world slide." An interrogation of this kind may be most effectually dealt with by propounding another, which is obviously germane to and correlated with it. It is this,—Why make vaccination obligatory ? Why impose quarantine regulations upon all ships entering our harbors ? Why pass Building Acts for large towns ? Why adopt municipal by-laws for sanitary and other purposes ? All these are so many infringements of personal liberty, and might be resented as such with much greater reason than people exhibit when they declare themselves opposed to compul sory education. " What," says John Jones, " do you mean to tell me that I am to be forbidden to rear up a family of pigs in my backyard, in the centre of a populous town ? The odour of the sty does not offend my nose, nor the noses of my family; and if we don't mind it, why should we consider the olfactory organs or the health of our neighbors ? Do you call this a free country ? " To which, of course, the ob vious reply is,—"That John Jones* freedom does not extend beyond the point at which its exercise becomes detrimental to the free dom of other people." Another complaint utters itself from the mouth of William Brown. " Here am I called upon to pay rates for Municipal purposes or for my water supply, and if I don't meet the demand I am threatened with distraint. What do I care about forming streets, or of what use to me is 8 good supply of water laid on in pipes. Have I not my own tank, and as for that I only ask for a billy full in the morning, and another at tea time. I don't care about washing myself; it's a loss of time and a waste of soap." Then comes Mr. Henry Robinson; he has made a little money and wishes to invest it in real estate. Accordingly he has made up his mind to " run up" a row of houses, which shall cost little and afford him a handsome return on the outlay. But he finds, or he ought to find, if he builds within certain proclaimed boundaries, that the City Surveyor, or some such functionary, has a voice in the matter; and that the party-walls must be of a specified thick ness, as a matter of precaution for the safety of the inmates and also to lessen the risks of conflagration. "Do you mean to say," he exclaims, " that I cannot do what I like with my own ? I should like to know why the Parliament has thought fit to curtail my freedom in this way ?" But in all these cases the venerable maxim, salus populi, lex suprema, has been wisely acted upon, and every plea which is capable of being advanced in justification of legislation based upon this principle, is capable of being urged with tenfold force on behalf of compulsory education. To prevent the introduction and to check the spread of an epidemic, are admitted to be duties which the Government—as the re presentative and executive of the commu nity—is bound to discharge with vigor and promptitude. But ignorance is a malady to be dreaded far more than the deadliest of epidemics. The latter merely poison and destroy the body; but the former starves, brutalises, and may kill the mind. The offspring of parents who have died of yellow fever, cholera, small-pox, or diph theria, may grow op sound, healthy, and robust; but can we say the same of the children of the uncultivated ? Is it not a fact that they degenerate —that they be come more coarse, brutal, and depraved even than their progenitors were ? We strive, though not very successfully, to keep the physical atmosphere of our populous towns sweet and wholesome; and shall we not also endeavor to improve and purify their moral atmosphere ? But can we do so as long as there is any por tion of our population running about the by- ways, or scattered through the bush, with nothing to distinguish them from the quadrupeds but their indocility, their pre cocious tendencies to vice and crime, and the misused gift of speech ? We may do our utmost to protect 4he community against the ravages of fire; but there is something more baneful than the torch of the incendiary, more perilous than the existence of human habitations constructed like match-boxes; and that is popular ignorance. " What is a man ? "—exclaims Hamlet, " If hi* chief good and market of hu time Be bat to sleep and feed ? A beast: no more." And such "beasts" are growing up in all civilized countries in which compulsory education has not been adopted. As a mere matter of sordid self-interest, society is bound to insist upon every child within its limits being instructed up to a certain point; and as far beyond it as its means will allow. For the ignorant must and will become one of its greatest dangers. The neglected and the untaught are the recruits who are most easily enlisted into what Carlyle calls " the Devil's regiment." They prey upon the industry of the country, or they dissipate their earnings—when they labor for a living—in drunkenness and folly. For them, mainly, we build our prisons, hospitals, and lunatic asylums, organise our police and establish our judi ciary. For every pound the State saved by declining to educate them in their youth, it is called upon to spend three when it comes to deal with them as loafers, as confirmed drunkards, as the maimed victims of carelessness, recklessness, and fool-hardihood,—as lunatic 3, or as prema turely decrepid old men. Most persons will probably recollect that passage in the " Christmas Carol," in which the Ghost of Christmas Present shows Scrooge the figures of a boy and girl, " yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolf ish ; but prostrate, too, in their humility. Where graceful youth should have filled j their features out, and touched them with its .freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, had pinched and twisted them' and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing. No change, no degradation, no perversity of humanity in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread." The miser asked whose children they were. " They are Man's," said the Spirit, " and they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. ,This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased." We will not lessen the force of the brilliant novelist's impressive warning by the addition of a word of comment; unless it be to remind our readers that the force of the passage " lies," as & ptain Bunsby wa9 accustomed to observe, 'in the appli cation of it." 