T H E CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. CHAPTER MILLICENT. II. BY TIIK AUTHOR OF "Lady Audley's Secret," "Aurora Floyd," do., Sc., <#c. MILLICENT DUKE eat alone in her little parlour oil this autumn night, while the north-west wind howled and whistled without her dwelling, and shook every little square of glass in the narrow windows—she sat alone, trying to read Mr. Richardson's lost novel—a well-thumbed little volume, embellished with email oval engravings, which had been lent to her bv the wife of the curate of Compton-onthe-Moor. But fond as she was of Mr. Richardson's romances, the Captain's wife was unable to concentrate her attention on the little volume; her thoughts wandered away from poor Clarissa and wicked Lovelace; the book dropped out of her hand, and she fell a-muBing over the low fire, and listening to the wind disporting itself in the chimney. It is something to be able to look at Mrs. Millicent Duke, as she sits quietly by her lonely hearth, with one white hand supporting her small head, and with her elbow leaning on the stiff horsehair-cushioned arm of the cuair in which she is seated. It is a very fair and girlish face upon which the fitful firelight trembles; now illumining one cheek with a soft red glow, now leaving it in shadow as the flame shoots up in sudden brightness, or dies out of the scattered embers on the hearth. It is a very fair and girlish face, with delicate features and dark blue eyes in the soft depths of which there lurks a shadow—a shadow as of tears long dried, but not forgotten. There are- pensive lines too about the mouth, which do not tell of an entirely happy youtb. Looking nt that pensive mouth, those sad and thoughtful eyes, it is not difficult to divine that Sorrow and Millicent Duko have met each other face to face, and have been companions and bedfellows before to-night. But in spite of this pensive sadness which overshadows her beauty, or perhaps by very virtue of this sadness, which re fines the beauty it overshadows, Millicent Duke is a very pretty girl. It is not easy to think of her as a married worn an ; there is 6uch an air of extreme youth about her, such a girlish, almost childish timidity in her manner, that, as her husband—not too loving or tender a husband at the best of times—is apt to say, itis as difficult to deal with Millicent as with a child, for you never knew when she may begin whimpering—like a spoilt child as she is." There are people in Compton-on- tlie-Moor who remember the time when the spoilt child never whimpered, and when a gleam of spring sunshine was scarcely a brighter or more welcome thing to fall across a man's pathway than the radiant face of Millicent Markbam ; but this was>u the good days long departed, when ber fatura, the squire, was living, and the fair young girl had been wont to ride about the country roads on her pretty white pony, accompanied and protected by ber first cousin and dearest friend, Darreli Markham. She is peculiarly sad this bitter autumn night. The shrill wind whistling at the latticed casements makes ber shiver to the heart; she draws the skirt of her grey silk petticoat over her shoulders, end drags the heavy chair nearer to the low fire. She has sent ber one servant a strapping country wench, to bed long ego, and sue cannot get any more fuel to heap upon the wide beartb. The wax candle9 have burnt low down in the quaint old silver candlesticks; ten, eleven, twelve have struck; with long dreary intervals between each time of striking from the tower of Compton church, and still there is no sign of Captain Duke's return. " He is happier with thpm than with me," she said mournfully. " Who can wonder 1 Tb^ talk amuses him and makes him smile; I car only weary him with my wretched pale face.* She looked up as she spoke at an oval mirror on the wainscot opposite to her, and saw this sad pale face reflected by the faint light of the low fire and the expiring candles. " And tbey once called me a pretty girl!" she murmured, with a sigh, as she contem-. plated the pale reflection; " I had a color in my cheeks then, and Darreli used to tell me I had stolen the roses from the Dutch garden. I .think he would scarcely know ice now!" The long hour after midnig^ tagged itself out, aod as one o'clock struck with a dismal sound that vibrated drearily along the empty street, Millicent heaid the sharp stroke of her husband's footstep on the pavement. She sprang from her chair hurriedly, and ran out into we narrow passage ; but just as she was about to withdraw the bolts, she paused suddenly, and laid ber hand on ber heart. " What is the matter with me to-night—what is'tbe matter, I wonder f" she murmured; "I feel as if tome great sorrow were coming, yet what new sorrow can come to me." •Her husband knocked impatiently at the door with his sword-hilt as she fumbled ner- VOUBIV with the bolts. "We're you listening at the door, Millicent, that you open it so quickly ?" he asked, as be entered.f ' "T heart! your footstep in the street, George, Wndliurried to let you in. You are very late," she added, as ue strode in the arlour, and flung himself into the chair she Ead been sitting in. " O, a compaint, of course," be said, with a'sneer. "I've a great deal to keep me at home, certainly," he muttered, looking round —" a crying wife and a bad fire, and half-anioch ol guttering candle." lie turned bis back upon Millicent, and bent over the embers, trying to warm bis hinds-withlhe red light left in them. "His 'wife.' seated herself nt the slenderlagged mahogany table, end taking up Mr Richardson's neglected novel, pretended to read, it 'by the " last glimmer of the two candles. [Presently.the Captain spoke, without once turning round to look at bis companion, without'once addressing her bv name— There's been on accident down there!" he said briefly. " An accident T'wisd Millicent. tdhe'dropped'her kooky end looked up with an expression of vogue alarm. , '''4a accident i 0, I aw sorry.) but what accident ?" Though.tberewas an aocentcf gentle pty in 'her voice, tliere was still a slight, bewfl&n;&WP; IN^'HER. mflnBeri : M if Wife #Sre BO 1 p^p^cup^d.^yjip^e'saa'thoughts ofher pwnas scarcely to oe able to ubderstand her' htuband'f words. As he did not answer her first question, she asked again— " What accident, George ?" " A man has been half killed by highwaymen on Compton Moor. "But not really killed, George—not killed ?" she asked anxiously, but still with that half-preoccupied manner, as if, in spite of herself, she could not quite concentrate ber mind upon the subject of which her husband was speaking. " Not killed, no ; but all but killed, don't T tell you ?" said the captain. " It's just the toss-up of a guinea whether he lives or dies. Ana a handsome fair- haired lad enough he added, half to himself—" a handsome, fair-haired lad enough. Poor devil I" " I am very sorry," Millicent murmured gently; and as her husband did not stir from his seat by the fire, or address ber further, she took up her book once more, and began again poring over the small old fashioned type- There was a pause, during which the Captain kicked the last spark out of the expiring embers; and then George Duke turned and looked at his wife as she sat bending over the light. Alter watching her for a few minutes with an angry expression in bis handsome brown eyeB, he cried with a scorn ful laugh— " Heaven bless these novel-reading women I The death of a fellow creature is little enougli to them so long as Miss Clarissa is reconciled to her lover, and Mistress Pamela's virtue is rewarded in the sixth volume ! Here's a tender compassionate creature fcr you! She cries over Sir Charles Grandison, and doesn't so much as ask me who it is that lying between dpath and life in the blue room down at t he Black Bear." Mrs. Duke looked up at her husband with a deprecating glance, as if she were used to bard words, and used to warding them off by " I beg your pardon, George," she said hesitatingly. " Indeed I am not unfeeling. I am sorry for this poor wounded, half-dying man, whoever he be. If J could do anything to serve him, or to comfort him, I would do it at whatever cost to myself. What more can I say, George ?" "And they talk about a woman'scuriosity !' cried the Captain, with a mocking laugh ; " even now she doesn't ask me who the wounded man is." " His name can make little difference, in my pity for him, George, Poor creature 1 I am very sorry for him, whoever he may be. I Is he any friend of yours s Is he any one I know, George ?" Her husband paused for a few moments before be answered this question. Miilicent had arisen from her 6eat and stood by the table trying to revive the drooping wick of the candle that had survived its fellow. The captain turned his chair completely round, and watched her pale face as he said, slowly and distinctly,— " The man is some one you know—and he is no friend of mine." " Who is he, George ?" " Your first cousin, Darreli Markham!" She uttered a cry; not a sbill scream, but a faint pitiful cry; and lifted ber hands to her head. She remained in this attitude for some minutes, quite still, quite silent, and then sank quietly into her old position by the table. Her husband watched ber all the time with a sneering smile and a mischievous glitter in bis eyes. " Darreli, my cousin Darreli dead ?" " Not dead, Mistress Millicent; not quite so bad as tbat. Your dear flair-haired pretty face cousin is not dead, my sweet loving wife; he is only—dying. " Lying in the blue room at the Black Beat;" she repeated the words be had said a few minutes before, in a distracted manner, very painful to witness. " Lying in the blue room at the Bear. Yes, the blue room, No. 4, on the long corridor. You know the chamber well enough. Have you not been to the old inn times and often to see your father's old housekoeper, the mariner's widow—at least the innkeeper's wile ?" " Trembling between life and death," repeated Millicent, in the same half-conscious tone, so piteous to hear. " He was! Heaven knows bow he may •be now. That was balf-an-bour ago; the scale may be turned by this time; he may be dead !" As George Duke said the last word, bis wife sprang from her seat, and, without once looking at bim, ran hurriedly to the outer door. She had ber hand upon the bolts, when she cried out in a .tone of anguish, " 0, no, no, no!" and dropped down on ber knees, with her head leaning against the lock of the door. The Captain of the Vulture followed ber into the passage, and watched her with bard uupitying eyes. " You were going to run to bim !" be said, as she fell on ber knees by the outer door. For the first time sinoe Darreli Markbam's name had been mentioned, Millicent looked at ber husband; not mournfully, not reproachfully, least of all fearfully; bold, brfght, and defiant, her blue eyes looked up to bis. " I was." "Then why not go? Yon see'I am not ctuel; I do not stop you. You are free. Go! Go to your cousin—and—your lover, Mistress Duke. Shall I open the door for you ?" She lifted herself with an effort upon her feet, still leaning for support against the streetdoor. " No," she said, " I will not go to him; I could do him no good; I might agitate bim; I might kill him!" The Captain bit his under lip, and the triumphant light faded from his brown eyes. " But understand this, George Duke," said Millicent, in a tone that was strange to her husband's ears, " it is no fear of you which keepB me here; it is no dread of your cruel words or more cruel looks tbat holds me from going to bis side; for if I could save bim by my presence from one throb of pain—if 1 could give him by my ldve and devotion one moment's peace and comfort, and the.town of Compton were one raging fire, I would walk through that fire to do it." " That's a very pretty speech out of a novel," said her husband, " but I never much believe in these pretty speeches—perhaps I've a good reason of my own for doubting them. I suppose, if Dairrell Markham asked for you with bis dyiiit breath, you'd go tosee bim; especially," he added, with Lib old sneer, " as the town of Compton fen'fonflre'."- '•> : Millicent sprang towards him, and caught h(s arm bbhvulsifelV between'' her two slender little hands.' so feeble' atany othbr time, so strong tonight.' - * " Did he, aid ho, did he ?" she cried, pas- sionately; " did Darreli ask to see me ? 0, George Duke, on your honour as a gentleman, as a sailor, as a trusted servant of his gracious majesty, by your hope in heaven, by your faith in God, did Darreli Markbam ask to see me ?" The Captain kept her waiting for bis answer while be went back to the parlour and lighted a wax taper at the flickering flame in the high candlestick. " I shan't say no, and I shan't say yes," he said; " I'm not going to be go- between for you and him. Good-night," he added, walking past his wife as she stood in the little passage, and going slowly up the stairs; if you've a mind to sit up all night, do so, by all means, Mistress Duke. It's on the stroke ol two, and I'm tired. Good-night 1" He went upstairs, and entered a little sleeping-room over the parlour in which tbey had been seated. It was simply but handsomely furnished, and the most exquisite neatness prevailed in all its arrangements. A tiny fire burned on the hearth, but though the Captain shivered, it was to the window he directed his steps. He opened it very softly, and leaned out, as the clocks struck two. " I thought so," be said, as he heard the faint rattle of bolts and the creaking of a door. " By the beaven above me, 1 knew she would go to him'." The faint sound of a light and rapid footstep broke the silence of the quiet street. " And the least agitation might be fatal!" said the Captain of the Vulture, as he softly closed the casement window. Darreli Markbam lay in a death-like stupor in the blue chamber at the Black Bear. Mr Jordan, the doctor had declared that his shattered arm, if it ever was set at all, could not be set for some days to come; and the Compton surgeon bad thoughts of sending for a distinguished bone-setter in the town of Marley Water, celebrated for twisting distorted limbs into their places, by means of a hideous paraphernalia of racks And pulleys. In the meantime, Mis Sarah Pecker had received directions to bathe the swollen limb constantly with a cooling lotion. But on no account, should the young man again return to consciousness, was the worthy hndlady of the Black Bear to disturb bim with either lamentations or inquiries. Neither was she, at hazard of his life, to admit any one into the room but the doctor himself. Mrs Pecker devoted herself to ber duties as nurse to the wounded man with a good will, merely remarking that she should very much like to see the individual, male or female, as would come a-nigh him, to worrit or to vex him ; " for if it was the parson of the parish," she said, with determination, " he musn't set much account on bis eyesight if he tries to circumvent Sarah Pecker." " No one must come a-nigh him, once for all, and once and for ever," added Mrs Pecker sharply, as she faced about on the great staircase, and confronted a little crowd of pale faces; for all the household had thronged round her when shs emerged from the sick room, in their eagerness to get tidings of Darrel Markham; " and I won't have you," she continued, with especial acerbity, to her lord and master, the worthy Samuel, " I won't have you, a-comin' and a worritin' with your ' Ain't he better, Sarah ?' and ' Don't you think he'll get over it, Sarah V and such-like ! When a poor dear young gentleman's arm is shivered to a jelly," she said, addressing herself generally, " and when & poor dear young gentleman has been a-lying left for dead on a lonely moor, for ever so many cruel hours on a cold October night, be don't get over it in twenty minutes, no, nor yet in half an hour either. So what you've all got to do is just to go back to the kitchen, and sit there quiet till one or other of you is wanted; for whatever Master Darreli wants shall be got. Yes, if he wanted the king's golden crown and sceptre, one af you should walk to Loudon and fetch 'em !Having thus declared her supreme pleasure, Mrs Pecker reascended the stairs, and re-entered the sick room; while the doctor, who had declared his intention of staying all night at the inn, lay down to take a brief slumber in a neighboring apartment. " If a person could be in two places at once, any way convenient," muttered the landlord, as he withdrew into the offices of the inn, " why I could account for it most easy; but seein'they can't, or seein' as bow the parson says tbev can't, it's too much for me," upon whicli Mr Samuel Pecker, seated himself on a great settle before the kitchen fire, and began to scratch his bead feebly. "I think as Mr Markbam's bad himself shot in the arm, and she ain't over likely to be a-comin 1 downstairs, I might ventur on a mug of the eightpenny," the landlord by-andby remarked thoughtfully. It was half-past two by tbe eight-day clock on the stairs, and the landlord was going to fetch himself this very mug of beer, when he was arrested in the hall by a feeble knocking at the stout oaken door, which had been closed and barred for the night. The candle nearly dropped from the hand of the nervous landlord. " Ghosts, I daresay," he muttered; "Compton's full of 'em. I used to think tbe spirits was confined to the churchyard, and tbat was bad enough, but now they've taken to riding straight up to a man's own door and asking bim questions. I wonder what's to become of us. I only wish they'd take to hunting Sarah. Her nerveB would be equal to 'em I don't thiuk it tbey faced her once when her temper was up, as they'd care to face her again." The knocking was repeated while tbe landlord stood meditating thus; this time a little louder. " They knocks hard for spirits," said Samuel, "and they're pretty persevering." The knocking was 6till continued—still growing louder. " O, then, I suppose I must," murmured Mr Pecker, with a groan; but when I undoes the bolts, what's the good f Of course there's no one there; and if them as is there wanted to come in, there's no thickness of oak panel would keep 'em out." There was some one there, however; for when Mr Pecker had undone tbe bolts very 6lowly and very cautiously, and with a great many half-suppressed but captious groans, a wooiad slid in at tbe narrow opening of the door, and before Mr Pecker bad recovered bie surprise, crossed the ball and made direct for tbe staircase, at the top of which was the chamber wherein Dai nell Markbam lay. Terror of the vengeance of tbe ponderous Sarah seised upon the soul of tbe landlord, end with an unwonted civility he ran forward, and intercepted the woman at the bottom* of the stairs.,r ..; .. . , , ...: , " You musn't,- ma'am," lie said, ".you musn'{: excyse me, ma'am, but it's ,as much as my life, «r even; the parson—jm ma'am, Sarah.l " thus yqguely.jthe tenjfisu Samuel. The woman threw backohe large grey hood Which had muffled ber face. "Don't you know me, Mr. Pecker?" she asked. " "fis I, Millicent, Millicent—Duke." " You, Miss Millicent 1 You, Mrs. Duke! 0 miss, 0 ma'am, your poor dear cousin !" " Mr Pecker, for the love of mercy, don't keep me from him. Stand out of the way, stand out of the way," she said passionately ; "he may die while you're talking to me here." " But, ma'am, you mustn't go to him; the doctor, ma'am, and Sarah, Miss Millicent. Sarah, she was quite awful about it, ma'am !" " Stand aside," cried Mrs. Duke; " I tell you a raging fire shouldn't stop me. Stand aside!" " Nn, ma'am—but Sarah !" Millicent Duke stretched out two slender white hands, and pushed the landlord from her way with a strength tbat sent him sliding round tbe polished oak banister of the lowesr stair.' She flew up the flight of Bteps, which brought ber to the door of tbe blue room, and on the threshold found herself face to face with Mrs. Sarab Pecker. The girl fell on ber knees, with her bair falling loose about her shoulders, and her long grey cloak trailing round her on tbe polished oaken floor. " Sarah, Sarah, darling—Sarah, deal, let me see him." " Not you, not you, nor any one," said tbe landlady sternly—" you the last of all persons, Mrs. George Duke." The name struck her like a blow, and she shivered under the cruelty of the thrust. " Let me see him !—let me see him !" she said; " his father's brother's only child—bis first cousin—his playfellow—his friend—his dear and loving friend—his " " His wife that was to have been, Mrs. Duke," interrupted the landlady. Iiis wife that was to have been, and never, never should have been another's. His loving, true, and happy wife that would have been. Let me see him !" cried Millicent piteouBly, holding up her clasped hands to Mrs Pecker. " The doctor's in there; do you want h>m to hear you, Mrs Duke ?" " If all the world heard me, I wouldn't stop from asking you : Sarah, let me see my cousin, Darreli Markbam !" The landlady—holding a candle in her band, and looking down at the piteous face and the tearful eyes that were almost blinded by tbe loose pale golden hair—softened a little as she said,— " Miss Millicent, the doctor has forbidden a mortal creature to come a-nigh him—the doctor baB forbidden a mortal soul to say ono word to him that could disturb or agitate bim —and do you think the sight of your face wouldn't agitate him ?" " But be asked to see me, Sarah; he spoke of me !" " When, Miss Millicent ?" Softening towards this pitiful pale face looking up into hers, tbe landlady no longer called her dead master's daughter by the new, bard, cruel name of Mrs Duke. When, Miss, Millicent ?" " To-night—to-night, Sarah." " Master Darreli usked to see you! Who told you that ?" " Captain Duke." " Master Darreli hnsn't said bettei than a dozen words this night, Miss Millicent; and those words were mad words, and never ouce spoke your name." " But my bnsband said " '• Tbe Captain sent you here, then ?" " No, no; be didn't send me here. He told me—nt least, he gave me to understand—that Darreli had spoken of me—had asked to see me." " Your husband's a strange gentleman, Miss Millicent." Let me see bim, Sarah, only let me see him. I won't speak one word, or breathe one sigh; only let me see bim." Mrs Pecker withdrew for a few moments into tbe blue room, and whispered something to tbe doctor. Millicent Duke, still on her knees on the threshold of the half-opened door, strained her eyes as if she would have pierced through the thick oak that separated her from her prostrate kinsman. The landlady returned to tbe door, accompanied by ibe doctor, who went downstairs to fetch some potion he had ordered for bts patient. " If yos want to look at a corpse, Miss Millicent, you may come in and look at bim, for be lies as stili as one," said Mrs Pecker. She took the kneeling girl in ber stout arms, and had lifted her into tbe room, where, opposite a blazing fire, Darreli Markbam lay unconscious on a great draperied four-post bed. His head was thrown back upon the pillow, tlie fair hair dabbled with a lofion with which Mrs Pecker had been bathing tbe scalp-wound spoken of by the doctor. Millicent tottered to tbe bedside, and seating herself in an arm-chair which had been occupied by Sarah Pecker, took Darreli Markbam's band in hers, and pressed it to her tremulous lips. It seemed as if tl-ere was something magical in this gentle pressure, for the young man's eyes opened for tbe first time since tbe scene in the hail, ind he looked at his cousin. " Millicent," he said, without any sign of surprise "dear Millicent,.it iB so good of you to watch me." She had nursed bim three years before through a dangerous illness, and it was scarcely strange if in his delirium be'confused the present with the past, fancying that he was in his old room at Compton Hall, and that his cousin had been watching by his bedside. " Call my uncle," ne said, " oall the squire; 1 want to sSe bim !" and then after a pause he muttered, looking about him, " surely this is not tbe old room—surely some one has altered tbe room." " Master Darreli, dear," cried the landlady, "don't you know where you are? With friends, Master Darreli, true end faithful friends. Don't you know, dear?" " Yes, yes," .he said, " I know, I know. I've been lying out in the cold, and my arm is hurt. I remember, Sally, I remember; but my head feels strange, aud I can scaroe tell where I am." " Bee here, .Master Darreli, here's Mistress Duke has come all the way from tbe other end of Compton on' this bitter black night op. purpose to see you." • . Tho good woman said this to comfort.the patient, but tbe utterance of that one name, Duke, recalled bis cousin's marriage^ and the young man exclaimed bitterly,— " Mistress Duke 1 yes, I remember!'.' and then, turning his weary head upon the pillow, heoried vita ..a sudden .energy, " Millicent Duke, Milljcent buke, why do you cpmp fiere to torture me witb thesigbt; ofyou?" . . ..At this^oipefi]; ^IBIJB . arose, ifee soupd,qF, soniq aUerpatjop;ipi we : hall below, and the?, tbe noUe of two voices in dispute, end hurried footsteps upon the' staircase. Hra Pecker ran to the door, but before she could reach it, if was burst violently open, and tbe Captain o the Vulture strode into the room, lie was closely followed by the doctor, who walked straight to tbe bedside, exclaiming with suppressed mission, " I protest against this, Captain Duke; and if any ill consequences come of it, I hold you answerable for the mischief." The Captain took no notice of this speech, but, turning to his wire, said savagely, " Will it please you to go home with me, Mistress Millicent? It is near upon four o'clock, and a sick gentleman's room is scarce a fit place for a lady at such a time." Darreli Markham lifted himself np in bed, and cried with an hysterical laugh, " I tell you that's the man, Millicent; Sarah, look at him. Tbat is tbe man who stopped me upon Compton Moor—the man who shot me in the arm, and rifled me of my purse." " Darreli! Darreli!" cried Millicent: " you do not know what you are saying. That man is my husband." "Your husband 1 A highwayman! a Whatever word was on Mr Markbam's lips remained unspoken, for he fell back insensible upon the pillow. " Captain George Duke," said the surgeon, laying his hand upon his patient's wrist, " if this man dies, you have committed a murder!" CHAPTER III. LOOKING BACK. JOHN HOMERTON, the blacksmith, only spoke advisedly when be said that the young squire. Ringwood Markham, was ruining bimseif up in London. The simple inhabitants ot villages are apt to exaggerate the dangers and the vices of that unknown metropolis of which they hear such strange stories; but in this case honest Master Homerton did not exaggerate, for the young squire was hurrying at a good rattling pace along that smooth and easy highway known as the road to ruin. Ringwood Markham was three years older than bis sister Millicent, and six years younger than his cousin Darreli; for old Squire Markbam had married late in life, and had, shortly after his marriage, adopted little Darreli, tbe only child of a younger brother, who bad died early, leaving a small fortune to his orphan boy' Ringwood Markbam in person closely resembled his sister. He had the same pale golden bair, the deep limpid blue eyes, the small features, and delicate pink-and-white complexion. But that style of beauty which was charming in a girl of nineteen was far too effeminate to be pleasing in a man of two- andtwenty, and the old squire bad been sorely vexed to see bis beloved son grow up into nothing better tban a pretty boy—a fair-faced dollish young coxcomb, tbe admiration of simpering school-girls and middle-aged women, and tbe type of the Strepbons and Damons who at tbat time overran our English poetry. Ringwood had always been his father's favourite, to the exclusion even of pretty, lovable, and loving Millicent; and as Darreli grew to manhood, it vexed the old squire to see the elder cousin high-spirited ana stalwart, broad-chested and athletic, accomplished in all manly exercises, a good shot, an expert swordsman, a bold horseman, and a reckless, daredevil, generous, thoughtless, open-hearted lad; while Ringwood only thought of his pretty fuce and his embroidered waistcoat, and loved tbe glittering steel ornaments of bis sword-hilt far better tban the bladu of the weapon. It was hard for tbe squire to have to confess tbe humiliating truth, even to himself; but it was not the less a fact that Ringwood Markham was a milksop. The old man concealed his mortification in tbe most secret recesses of his heart, and, with a spirit of injustice which is one of the weaknesses of passionate love, hated Darreli for being so superior to his son. This was how the pale face of sorrow first peeped in upon tbe little family group at Compton Ilall. Darreli and Millicent had loved each other from tbat early childish but unforgotten day on which the orphan boy peeked into his baby cousin's cradle, and gazed with admiring wonder at her pretty face and tiny rosy hands, so ready to twine themselves with a warm caressing touch around the boy's coarser fingers. I am not perhaps justified in saying tbat love on her side began so soon as this, but I know that it did on his; and I know too tbat the first syllables cousin Milly ever lisped were those two simple sounds that shaped the name of Darreli. They loved each other from such an early age, and they loved each other so honestly and truly, that perhaps they were never, in ths legitimate sense of the word, lovers. They bad no pretty coquettish jealousies; no charming quarrels and more charming reconciliations; no stolen meetings by moonlit nights; no interposition of bribed waitingmaids charged with dainty perfumed notes. No; tbey loved each other bonektly and openly, with a calm unchanging affection which had so little need of words, that few lookers-on would perhaps have suspected the. depth and strength of so tranquil a passion. If the squire saw this growing attachment between tbe young people, be neither favored nor discouraged it' He bad never cared very much for Millicent. She and her brother were the children.of a woman whom be had married for the sake of a handsome fortnne, and who died unnoticed and unregretted—some people said, of a broken heart—before Millicent was a twelvemonth old. So things went on pretty smoothly. Millicent and Darreli rode together through the shady green lanes, and over tbe stunted grass and heather on Compton Moor, while tbe squire read his Postboys and Gazeteers, and smoked tiis pipe in the oak-pannelled parlour or the Dutch garden, and while Ringwood idled about the village, or lounged at the bar of the Black Bear; and life seemed altogether very easy and pleasant at Compton Hall, until a catastrophe occurred which changed tbe wbole current ot event6. Darreli and Ringwood Markbam bad a desperate quarrel; a quarrel in which blows were struck and hard words spoken upon both sides,' and which abruptly ended Darrell,si residence at Compton Hall. It lias been said that. Ringwood Markbam was a coxcomb and an idler. There were not' wanting those in Compton who called bim something 'worse than Either of these. There were some who called bim a heartless coward and a liar, but who never so spoke of bim in the.nresenee of.Ijis stalwart cousin Darroll- . The day came.' Jvhjn' Darreli b|in'self ! e|tl led , the squire s idoIiz?i 'jniiJqr "ithtee jeriVel ,fiam6s.. He 'liail disoover&l; a'fllrtttti'ou 'between ftibgr woo'd and a'girl 'of seventeen, the daughter Vf^ bsmall farmer; a flirtation whleh, bus for this timely discovery, might have ended in shame ana despair. Scarlet with passion, the young man had taken bis foppish cousin by the collar of his velvet coat, and dragged him safe into the presence of the father of tbe girl, saying, with an oath, such as was unhappily too common a hundred years ago,— " You'd better keep an eye on this young man, Farmer Morrison, if you want to eava your daughter from a scoundrel." Ringwood turned very white—he was one of those who grow pale and not red with passion—and springing at his cousin like a cat, caught at his throat as if he would have strangled him ; but one swinging blow from Darrell's fist laid tbe young man on Farmer Morrisons sanded floor, with a general illumination glittering before bis dazzled eyes. Darreli strode back to the Hall, where he packed some clothes in his saddle- bags, and wrote two letters—one to his uncle, telling him, abruptly enough, tbat be had knocked Ringwood down, because he had found him acting like a rascal, and tbat he felt, as there was now bad blood between them, they had better part. Hi* second letter was addressed to Millicent, and was almost as brief as the first. He simply told ber of the quarrel, adding that he was going to London to seek his fortune, and that lie should return to claim her as his wife. He left the letters on the high chimneypiece in his bedroom, and went down to the stables, where he fonnd his own nag Balmerino, fastened his few possessions to the saddle, mounted the horse in the yard, and rode slowly away from the house in which his boyhood and youth had been spent. He went away very sad at heart, but possessed and sustained by that hopeful spirit common to generous youth. It seemed such an easy thing to make a fortune to carry back to his cousin Millicent. That great oyster, the world, was waiting to be opened by the bold thrust of an adventurous sword, and who could doubt what rare and priceless pearls were lurking within the shell, ready to fall into the open hands of the valiant adventurer ? Ringwood Markham went home late at night with a pale face and a blood-stained handkerchief bound about his forehead. He found his father sitting over a spark of 'fire in the oak parlor on one side of the hall. The door of this parlor was njar, and as the young man tried to creep past on his way upstairs, the squire called to him sharply, " Ringwood, come here !" He went sulkily into tbe room, hanging his dilapidated head, and looking at the floor; altogether an abject creature to behold. " What's the matter with your head, Ringwood ?" asked tbe squire. " Tbe pony shied at some 6heep on the moor, and threw me against a stone," muttered tbe young man. " You're telling a lie, Ringwood Markham !" cried his father, fiercely. " I've a letter from your cousin Darreli in my pocket. Bah, man ! you're tbe first of the Markbams who ever took a blow without paying it back with interest. You're your mother's milk-andwater disposition, as well as your mother's pink-aud-white face." " You needn't talk about her," said Ringwood ; " you didn't treat her too well, if folks that I know speak the truth." " Ringwood Markham, don't provoke me. It's bard enough for a .Markham of Compton to have a son that can't take his own part. Go to bed." The young man left the room with the same slouching step with which he had entered it. He stole cautiously upstairs, for he thought bis cousin Darreli was still in tbe house, and he had no wish to aroose that gentleman. (To be continued.) THE CITT OF 1 WASHINGTON.—This unfortunate vessel was wrecked some ten miles from the scene of the Atlantic's disaster. BBITISH PARLIAMENT.—Mr. Gladstone has withdrawn several bills, and the press is beginning to comment severely on the barrenness of the session. In tbe Upper House, Lord Cairns called attention to the extension by the House of Commons of the jurisdiction of the Judicature Bill" to Iroland and Scotland as involving a breach of the privileges of the House of Lords. AN international congress is to sit at Berne, in Switzerland, on the 1st of September, to arrange for a common postal tariff. THE ASHANTEE WAS.—The British forces have burned Elmina, a town on the West Coast of Africa, situated west of Cape Coast Castle, and formerly the capital of the Dutch settlements on the Gold Coast, because the inhabitants sided with the Ashantees. A NEW ZEALAND FIBRBWOBKS COMPANV has been started with a capital of £100,000. It proposes to establish a colonial factory for tbe manufacture of the company's fabrics. MR JOHN STUART MILL, it is said, has left several completed works ready for the press, including sn autobiographical memoir brought up to a late date. TAPPING THE GROO.—There is no mistake altout it, some of the carriers are up to a wrinkle or two in the way of broaching a hogshead of the pure spirits, as the following artistic and undeservedly successful " try-on " will show. A moBt veracious boniface of Manaro has given us an outline of the evilspirited transaction. A carrier delivered his load of grog in or near the "city of tbe plains;" the weigh-bill was examined and the londing carefully weighed and found all correct. The liquor was as strong and good as it ever was in boDd, and both the retailer and imbiber failed to find the slightest objection— till the cask got low down, when the spirits became mysteriously diluted with water; the publican's attention having been called to the circumstance by a facetious customer's remark that " It was very low water with tbat'ere keg- " Boniface could not solve the watery problem—nor could he rest content till he knocked tbe top off tbe cask, whose interior presented to his astonished gaze a few bullock bladders, one of which was yet full of water. In an unguarded moment, another carrier, while under the influence, beard of the history of tbe hogshead, and he described the tnodnt operandi, vehemently protesting meanwhile tbat" be was'not one of that sort"—of course, his siuditors had implicit faith in his innocence. ; It appears the carrier uBed to take out tbe bung of the cask, draw off a bladderful of spirits, then put a bladder in die bunghole, where his confederate would hold the bladder by the neck till, it. was filled wiih water and seburely Hed/ Thie operation was repeated at tbe desire «f the' pluftdorerB. Of course, the Hadder WoMd ^pht land ti^ld it? supply of' water till ijt ure in- : cooperated ^ith i 'thfe 'spirits.' Th(? «ask loses none oHt$ ^el^^'ancl'the Mud'iB'®6l i »-. vealed bBfoiie ! ttio *cask is nearly 'empty,— Monare Mercury. ' -f »"'•' 