MISCELLANY. AN EXTINCT RACE. -Childlike children. THE READY-MONEY SYSTEM.-Dun, or be done. WHAT are the best letters of recommenda- . tion? £ 8. d. BAD REASONING FOR A JUHT WITH REGARD TO A PRISONER.-Put yourself in his place. WHAT cord is that which is full of knots which no one can untie, and in which no oue can tie another ? A cord of wood. A HINT.-A widower who wishes to marry again miist buy his departed wife a beautiful monu ment This succeeds invariably. SCALEY.-Little fish have a good notion as 'to the commencing of life: they always begin on a small scale. ANOTHER GRIEVANCE FOR THE sr.-One profession is safe from the invasion of woman. She may enter the army, but it is impossible that she can man the navy.- Punch. BROAD AND LONG.-At the end of a French opera a gentleman remarked to a lady next to him that the opera was "long enough." "Yes," she re plied, "and quite as broadas it is long." A CONNECTICUT paper says, " Atpresenttwo thirds of the population of Paduenoc pass Sunday fish ing for musk-rats with shot guns. This is the way the other thirdulcnows when Sunday comes." THE sad-looking young men whom one occasionally meets in the street are not consumptive, are not mourning the loss of a friend, and are not divinity students. They are " breaking-in" tight boots. AN EXTINGUISHER.- Forward and Loqua cious Youth-" By Jove, you know, upon mv word now -if I were to see a ghost, you know, I should be a chattering idiot for the rest oi my life!" lugenuous Maiden (dreamily)-"Haveyou seenaghost."-Punch. UNDERGOING his examination, a medical student was asked what was the mode of action of disinfectants. He replied, "They smell so badly that the people open the windows, and the fresh air gete in." ACADEMY PENCILLINGS.- Affable Stranger -" There, sir, my Work 'ung on the Line again ! Sir Francis can appreciate a good thing, sir." Astonished Stranger-" Eh ? What? I thought Millais painted tliifri-" Affable Stranger (contemptuously)-" Pooh! '£ may have painted it, but I made the frame,"- Punch. ONE'S domestic habits sometimes stand one in good stead. A woman in Cleveland lately broke a burglar's head with a boot-jack, and put him to ignominious flight. Nothing but continual praetice in her own family .circle could have made her so efficient with the weapon. EQUALLY DECIDED.-"Now, Willie dear," says Fanny, "do have a little courage; when I have a powder to take, I don't like it any more than you do, but I make up my mind that I will take it, and I do." "And when I have a powder to take," replied Willie," I make up my mind that I won't take it, and I don't." UNIMAGINATIVE. - An unimaginative in dividual, on visiting the falls of Niagara, was greatly perplexed at t he astonishment expressed by his com panions, and cn one of them exclaiming to him, " Is it not a most wonderful fall ?' replied, " Wonderful! No; I see nothing wonderful in it. Why, what's to hinder the water from falling ?' DOMESTIC CONCESSIONS.-" I found it very inconvenient, and a great loss of time," said Chateau briand, to dine before 7 o'clock. My wife wanted to dine at & o'clock, and insisted upon that hour. After many arguments and many heated dis cussions, we finally compromised upon 6 o'clock-an hour which was very inconvenient to us bath. This is what they call domestic concessions." DURING the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, a violent Bed Republican, with long hair and greasy habiliments, while addressing the mob, gave expres sion to the following sentiments" Citizens," hb cried, " the political condition in which we are living is impossible lor patriots like myself. _ It is ilota re public that we Jbave got! It's a Government 1" BPET HABTE'S LATEST.-1There is an Irish woman of gigantic strength in 6t. Paul. One morning' she lifted a barrel of sugar from the ground into a cart The next evening sne presented' her husband with twins. Two days.after she did the washing for a family of 10 persona. Not so fortunate was a Missouri girl. She washed all day,mad6a supper of 12 hard-boiled eggs, and - then danced all night. It is mentioned thpt her funeral procession wasneariy a rnilo long.-American paper. THE CABIN.-A rough North Carolinian, going tirtst with - his doten children and two doeen dogs, reoently: went on board the steamer Highflyer at a Kentucky landing, and .MB jfiret question was, , " Sow much will you charge, cajfn, to take us to St. Lotiigr "Will yoto go 6n_ deck or "in" the cabin?' queried the captain. Hie CaroUni&ir; hesi tated; and then.with'* sigh'ovier hisown wlf-34criHoe, ?' rehlied,Wal, can'o, rvelWedifl * oabth all my life, ; and I s poee the citoln'llbegoodtHoughforme,'' - * ?? . #<?:.)* 'it'j.iiV; I i'svAt; is iSfcibtfj j, gardener to Bend him from hie counfay-houge In 5'oura.ine a dish of green peas during the mouth of Hfc deapMcIieU V&frtet;^filg&m; with the following note under his wing: "Gather a basket of green peas in the fordng»ii<*use/fttd*B^Ktft me by ex press withtbepigeen !M}iCU earned tM» note, for the bird Is very tit, and I intend to eat it with the vege tables ordered. SHORT and mklnm <fr8n»ittW#ote!t. -Surely flie most practical man of our dayjias been discovered. It is stated that & young man, Writing to his sweetheart the other day, said: "I Wsh, tty darling, that you would «o^ write. ,mc,such .long letters. If you were to bring an action for breach# promise against tee, the lawyert would copy the ctfrrt epondence between us,-and charge 4d,- for eveiyftHo of 72 words. The shorter the letters, the morp we save from the lawyers." "Strangfe to say, the youtig ^nan never reoeived a reply. A HARDY Ikbe<3T.^-A correspondent, writ ing from Hillsborough, Ohio, ,to a Cincmhati news paper, tells what he has done to exterminatepotato bugs. First, with ho good result, he spHnldea lipoh the vines ltme, ashes, plaster «of Paris, and eillphur. The bugs were next treated with turpentine, benzine, spirits of hartshorn, and alcohol, b\lt these fluids only seemed -to add to their enjoyment of life.- Oiim camphor end amfoeUda were then resoitedto. Still the insects lived on: and so they did nmugb a course of chloroform, andof sulphuric, muriatic, acetic, nitric, Jiitro-muri&tic;, and chetoically pure nitric These did not in the least affect their appetites.. Then Paris green was tried, and this was fouhdrather too effective, as it killed both the bugs and the vines themselves. It is now proposed to try calomel, which it is thought will loosen the teeth of the insects. New YoS Tribune. . A DOMESTIC TRAGEDT.-A wife of a most unsentimental and ingenious turn of mind dwells in Pennsylvania with herhuBband, who possesses a very Jealous, misanthropic, and withal romantic tempera ment. The other day, this gentleman, George Jones, felt that life was tqp much for him, and gave bis wife 10 cents to go to the druggist's for a bottle of cold poison. The excellent woman had a bottle filled with liquorice-water, and labelled "Poison." Returning with this, the poetic master of her heart melodramati cally filled a wine-glass in her presence, and prepared to drink. She screamed and rushed into the next room, where she watched him through the keyhole, and saw him pour the deadly dose out of the window. Bhe rushed back to him apparently overwhelmed with grief, and begged him not to kill himself. Mr. Jones, filled with poetry, merely {Minted to the empty glass, and throwing himself on the floor, squirmed. She fondly observed that she would share his fate, and swallowed the rest of the liquorice-water, whereupon he became really frightened, confessed his deception before all the neighbours, and said if she'd only get well he'd never do so any more. The world seems brighter to Mr. Jones now.-New York Tribune. WOMAN SUFFRAGE.-When a Taunton man went home recently at night he saw strange shadows on the sittingroom curtain, and heard hoarse whispers within. Applying his eye to the key-hole he beheld his (rife and wife's sister, who had attended the ' woman suffrage meeting, rehearsing a scene that filled his heart with anguish. With an empty band box to represent the receptacle in which frpedinen de posit their ballots, and a bundle of slips of paper for votes, these excited females were going through the form of voting, and the point of the matter seemed to lie in the ability of one to deposit faster than the other could snatch thein out. Just as a slight dis agreement arose, owing to the sister's putting in three at a time and losing enough hair in the opera tion to make two and a half switches, be unfortunately entered the room and interviewed the hair brush, the flower pot, and the 6tove-Iifter, all of which left an in delible impression upon his organ of cautiousness, and assisted him downstairs in such a hurry that the sight of the starry heavens from the stone steps Was more exhilarating than the spectacle of three bunches-' of cannon crackers tied to a dog's tail. He was doubt ful before, but now eloquently expounds upon the necessity of female influence to secure .punty aiMT ' decorum at the polls, and will apnear in public alter the swelling goes down on his head and he loses the crick in his back.-American paper. DISBEGARD OF THE TEACHING OF EXPERIENCE. ' -You rise in the morning, andj while dressing, tak$ up a phial containing a tonic, of which a little" has' been prescribed for you ; but, after the first few drops have been counted, succeeding drops run down tnet eide-of the phial-all because the lip is shaped without' regard to the requirement. Yet millions of such phials are annually made by glass makers, and sent oift by thousands of druggists ; so small being the' amount of sense brought to bear on business. Now, turning' to the looking-gla68, you find that, if not of the best make, it fails to preserve the attitude in wlficfi you put it; or, if what is called a "box" looking-glass, you see that the maintenance of Its position isenBorM by an expensive appliance that would have been superfluous had a little reason been used. Were the adjustment such that the centre of gravity of the glasS came in the line joining the points of support {vrtiich would be quite as easy an adjustment), the glass would remain steady in whatever attitude you gave it. Yet year after year tens of thousands of looking-glasses ape made without regard to so simple a need. Presently you go down to breakfast, and taking some Harvey or other sauce with your fish, find the bottle has a defect like that which you found in the phial; it is sticky from the drops which trickle down and occasionally stain the table-cloth. Here are other groups of traders, similarly so economical of thought that they do nothing to rectify this obvious inconvenience. Having breakfasted, you take up the paper, and before sitting down, wish to put some coal on the fire. But the lump you seize with the tongs slips out of them, and if large, you make several attempts before you succeed in lifting it-all because the ends of the tongs are smooth. Makers and vendors of fire-irons go on, generation after generation, without meeting this evil by the simple remedy of giving to these smooth ends some projecting points, or even roughening them by a few burrs with a chisel. Having at length grasped the lump and put it on the fire, you begin to read: but before you have got through the first column, you arc reminded, by the changes of position which your sensations prompt, that men still fail to make easy chairs.-Herbert Spencer. THE COUCHES OF THE OLD FRENCH COORT. The business of going to bed, as performed by the late monarch of unrevolutionised France, was curious. At 11 o'clock came the officers on duty and the courtiers. Everything was ready: a splendid toilette table with lace and gold brocade, the dressing-gown of white embroidered Lyons silk on a chair of red morocco, the chemise wrapped in a piece of t&ffety; on the railing a double cushion of the cloth of gold, called Sultan, with the nightcap and handkerchiefs on it. By it were the slippers of the same material as the gown placed near pages of the chamber, standing against the railing. The monarch arrived, the first gentleman of the chamber received his hat and sword, and handed them to an under-official. The King commenced a conversation with the courtiers, that was longer or shorter according as he found it pleasant, anil was often much too long for our sleepi ness and weary legs. After theconversationwasfinished the King went - within the railing, knelt with the chaplain-m-waiting alone, who held a long taper- stand of silver gilt, with two tapen, white the princes could only have one. The chaplain recited the prayer, " (Jusesumus onwipotens Deusand when the prayer was finished, the taper-stand was handed to the first servant of the chamber, and he, at the King's orders,, gave It to any gentleman to be distinguished. This honour was so much appreciated in France, thatmany' aspirants could not disguise their disgust if they ditt. not obtain it. . . . After the prayer the wing took off his coat, the right deetfe nelng heWb^ the' grand master of the wardrobe, the Duke oe Iianooiirt, and the left by a master of the firstrarik; M.1 tie Boisgelin or de Chauvelin, and always in descending older, if the higher officers wete not present., Then the King took his shirt: it was given him by the first gentleman of the chamber. But it one <?t the princes of the blood was present, it ww he who huTfhe right to put on the nightshirt, which jWaS cohsidered a great honour. Then the first gentleman of therchamber presented thedressing-gownfo the King, whilst he took his purse, an immense bunch of keys, his telescope, and knife from bis pocketsahdjetfils small clothes fall down upon his heels, andBtatading thus woula often again converse tor n long tJine. At last lie tot down In an armchair,; si Servant of the chamber on the right, one! of the wardrobe on the left, knelt down, and each took onfe of the Sing's feet to'bull ott his stockings; then thetw^pagesof the dumber ad vanced and put on his slippers. That was the timefor departure; the ustyer jgave^ib styjna^ Baling " Paap, " ' ' "" " .*" " " as, the gentlemen." No one remised bUt ^ TPrinceB, the special service, and those who bad the little entree: They talked to tlmfinjrwhileids hair wwbfelng 