QUEENSLAND EXP.EN DITTJEE. If public aflhirs wero managed ns tlicy ought to bo, it would be a universally recognised principle that thoro was no time so convenient for the revision of expenditure as that of general nnd acknowledged prosperity. Such a season has after a long winter of discontent come at length to our aid, nud one would think thnt, after all we have suffered sinco 1SG6 from, .nvoi-tnvn tin... -( — - ---n — - unco seize tho opportunity ot reconstructing and rearranging our expenditure for tho future; but unfortunately with the roturn of prosperity, past misfortunes are ns completely forgotten as tho sufferings of a son voyage when we reach land, and people have only to do with tho present, so that they have neither leisure nor inclination to nddi'ess themselves to a task which they would willingly have undertaken in former times, when tho want of means rendered it impossible to carry out new plaus. With tho advent of prosperity tho prossuro of ta cation or bad times, is less felt; wo do not profit by tho lesson, hut go on blundering deeper and doeper into the mess till a new crisis pulls us up all standing. Hopeless as may he tho idea of effecting a thorough reform, it is always worth while to try and keep right principles before tho pub lic eye, so that by aspiring to tho clouds we may pernnps rencn tmo Housetops. we, therefore, proceed to inquire how it is that with a revenue of in round numbers £1,000,000, one third of which is derivod from real ostnto or land, we aro compelled to submit to a fiscal system of taxation, highor than that which M. Thiers considers suffi cient to extricate Eranco from her unparal leled losses in tho lato war ? Nearly tho half of our revenue is raised from what wo oat, drink, and wear, or at the rate of £4,000,000 uer nnnum for every million people, so that wore the Customs of Great Britain and Eranco raised to the same amount they would yield, re venues of £130 and £150,000,000 respectively. Tho strain is equal to thnt endured by the Americans during tho height of their civil war, and none but robust young nations such as they nnd ourselves could stand it beyond a single year. Other nations have had the excuse of foreign and domestic wars for sub mitting to such drags upon their moans ; but wo have no such excuse, nnd yet our taxation is the astonishment of every political economist at homo and abroad. The fact is, wo have muddled ouraolves into expenses through tho sheer political incapacity of our mushroom legislators. Wo have a landed estate which brings us in one-third of our revonue, its rent roll having amounted Inst year to £3.39,303 13s, and costing £35,116 for its managoment. Such spontaneous sources of revenue are always dangerous, aud so it hns proved with us, lor on the sound principle that property hnB its duties as well as its rights, wo have boen called upon, ns tho largest landholder, to perform certain duties which in other countries are undertaken by tho pcoplo them selves, nnd in nttcinpting to meet these de mands we linvo taken tho field, not as as sistants, hut as principals. Had we, as a State, contented ourselves with making a few indispensable roads and bridges on tho main line of communication, nnd only assisted those who were willing to make crass reads or feeders, we might have got on well enough and saved tor other general purposes a con siderable revonue out ot our landed estate ; ' hut yielding to tlib pressure of thoso who linvo purchased and leased our laud, wo havo gone far beyond our legitimate limits, and consti tuted ourselves tho general constructors of roads, bridges and railways, as well as tho polieoman and gaolor throughout tho wholo country. We have given away our land nnd property practically for nothing, and havo leased them for next to nothing, so that wo oxompt our lucky successors in thoir owner ship and our tonants of tho laud from local taxation, and actually spend twenty-fivo per cent, more than tho rent roll upon them. This statement would nppear incredible, wero it not capable of such easy proof. Our Land Eovenue last year amounted to £339,363, hut we havo had to pay from tho gonoral Eovenue of the Stnto, £241,937 for interest on loans, all of which wore incurred chiofly on the pretence of the laud and its develop ment, and wo wore induced some years to apond £135,280 on public works. During tho same year wo paid JJOO.gsiO Bor polico, £5706 for gaols, ana £584-1 for penal estab lishments, and last wo paid £35,116 for tho mnuageinont of tho land, which seems tho only chnrgo of the lot that is thoroughly legitimate. Thoso in tho aggregate amount to £424,403, being an oxcoss of £85,040 ovor our annual rent roll, all of which has to be provided out of tho Customs and othor tixes. Now, wo do. not mean to insinuate tlia; all tlieso payments aro directly chargoablo on tho land, and that other clnssos do not dfrive some benefit from them, but assort tint all of thorn would iu other countries citho: ho tho subject of private enterprise or local tax ation, and that their prosoncc in our accounts is solely due to our proprietorship in tho land. Of courso, wo can noitlier cast off ihat proprietorship at onco, nor got clear of tho exponscs, hut wo contend that tho letter should at onco be limited and restricted wiihin tho hounds of tho laud revouuo. Wore i£not for tho intricacy of our public accounts, which conceals that and many other abuses, tlioy would not bo ondurod for a single day. Wore it, for example, broadly stated in Enrliamont that wo must submit, say to atl valoren duties, au vi uoi ituau uuu cvuuii j biiuuiu vv upvuuu by roads and railways, and carefully protected by polico to the primary enrichmoct of any one particular class, is it likely that ;ho gamo could be carried on ? Yot all this b an un doubted fact, nnd, soon us it is generally un derstood, it will vanish from our financial system like ghosts at cockcrow. 