I LEAVES from tux DIARY OF A JOURNALIST. No XXXV. . Tha Onco s-Weilc Olub— The Boom where i in Blttinza' . wore Bald— AvonU Jones ia Juliet— Jeacison reed ing Berdetl v Pickwick — R. Younge reauing Shehe- epero— The Olub declares its beliet la Ohoste. I have several 'times been asked, in the courso of the composition of the " Leaves," if I bad anything to tell of the "Once a Week Club," established by George Fawcett. As one of the original mombeta will set dawn suoh - reminisoences as occur to me, although in doiDg so, I am taking a consider able liberty with the strict order of time. : George Fawcett,. as I have hinted in pre vious ohapters, was something more than an aotor. . Ho was a great r odor, aud vory fond of speculation in tbe doctrines of spiritual ism, and iu questions connected with the origin and antiquity of the human species. He was a good Lotanlcal collector slso, and upon one of thoir exoursions to New Zealand, he and Henry Edwards (who was a still bet tor collector and naturalist), returned laden with rare fern? and other curiosities, of whioh Fnweott was rather proud. About 1862-3, there was a good deal of attention paid to spiritua'ism in Melbourne, not put-licly, but in domestic circles, Mrs. Edwards, H. Ed wards' sister-in-law, was said to be a very good medium, and it was pretty well known that Mrs. A. Phillips, Mrs. Brooke, and several other persons wore, in the habit of cultivating tho phenomena. Fawcett med to pay soma attention to them, but his tastes were still tnore inclined to general literature and scionce. About the middle of the year 1863, ho conceived tho idea of a club, the members of which were to assemble every Sunday ovening at 8 o'clock for the inter- change of ideas on " things in general." The club was soon formed, and, as might have been expeqtod, was principally composed of theatrical and literary men, connected with tbo Melbourne presr, to whom were added a few outBi'de friends. The routine was very simple. Every member read in turn, or as be agreed to do. an original paper upon any topic that pleased him ; and then there was a discussion which ended in a vote ol affirmation or negation. in uetault of an original paper, a member might read an extract from any author he pleasod, and then the company talked ad libit um.QX havc"no roll of the original members, nor have I boen able to procure one, but from memory I can record tbe fol lowing George Fawcett, Joseph Jefferson, Richard Younge, — Fitzgerald, — Simmons, FT. Edwards, R. Stewart, Jamos Milne, George Coppin (?), H, S; Dwight, D. D. Wheeler, L. L. Smith, H. Barlow, G. S. Hough, J. Honnings, Adolphus Fraser, and \Y. M. Akhurat. There were se vet al others, but manv «f Hinm were elected after the present writer had left Melbourne for a season. The olub met in one of the rooms of the Piazza Hotel, PrinceSs' Theatte, ' ft waa the corner rooiu upstairs, fronting partly to Spririg.street, and partly - to Littlo Bourltersfreor, a room, that has been occu pied in turn by nearly every theatrical celebrity who has visited Melbourne, from Tom Barry, Lola MoU'tea, and Madame Anna Bishop, to Clarence Holt and George Fawcett. It w»3 one evening in the early -Dart of 1S60. that T -was' first in troduced to the late Avonia Jones, as she was dressed for tho part of Juliet. Let me confess the fact, I thought, at the moment, I had seldom looked upon a more lovely young woman. Whatever may be thought, or not thought, of Avonia Jcnos's acting, nono can deny her the attributes of personal beauty. Not that her features were perfect, but that her pale complexion, fine dark eyos. intelleotual expression, and ear nestness of purpose, rendered her extremely interesting. 7 had the privilego of knowing hor intimately, and have seldom met with a more attractive .person. She" was animated, thoughtful, and impastioncd, -spending wliolo days and nights in the atndy of Shakespeare, and conversing upon that inexhaustible themo with all tho fervor and freedom of a cultivated American lady. Simple and frank, even delightfully wsfre inherideas, she would pour them forth as freshlyas they arose within her, aud often carried you away, for tha time, fascinated, What" poor Brooke thought of her may be gathered from the fact that he took great pains in directing and matur ing her professional powers, and ultimately married hor. Another good point in Avonia Jones was that while she J; ad plenty ol courage to resent unmannerly attacks which minds of a certain class imagine to be criti cism'; she was sensitive of thelaast kindness, and one of tho moat grateful of women. Bnl am thinking of her as Juliet. It wai between the sooond and third acts, that 1 went behind the scenes, and up to the roou I have spoken of. Avonia had just left hei dressing roam, and was seated with he mother. I forget who introduced me, hut t think it was Fawcett, I could not help complimenting iter both on her appearance and her acting. She clapped her hands .with delight, and with all tho playfulncsi of a school girl.- She waB not more than twenty or t wenty-one. " She was so glad," she said, " for no one yet had said a kind word for her." And, with some risk of difforing from vastly superior authority, I will say that, barring certain faults of elocution, "a finer or more complete Juliet haa never been presented on the Melbourne stage. It bad power and great earnestness, and in tho higher pass'geiof the poetry was close upon excellence. I never beard that magnificent passage, in whioh Juliet, just before drinking the phial, imagines herself awaiting In the tomb, —a vault, sn kneiuut receptacle, Where all the hindred ot the Canu'etelie, beforo the hour at which Romeo is to deliver her, and becoming maddened with the horror of thepiace, "withsomegreat kinsman's bono dishing out her desperate brains," given with more fervid passion. The young gill seemed actually to see the images of tbe past, as they arose ono after another before her, until the climax of terror was reached. Her long, luxuriant dark hair thrown back in a dishevelled mass, her white and shapely arms pressed to her temples, or thrown aloft in agony, and her fine eyes evidencing her inward vision, Avonia discovered tho magic touch of genius, and fairly brought down the house.. Again, iu tho last so6ne of Adrienne Lecouvrcur hor delineation of the last moments of tho strugglo between the poison and tiic parting life of the unhappy girl, was wonderfully true, spontaneous and touching. Yet Avonia Jones was not criti cised by a portion cf the Melbourne press. Sho was, however, insulted with a great flux of venom uts volubility by eome vory superior " partiee." Notwith standing their venom, she lived to sot with Rrooko on tho boards of the Royal, and to aot down much of the.wickcl prejudice that had been deliberately oxcitcd against her by the superior " paitics " afo-o' aid. But for the Once a Week Club. Via met. Jefferson was there tho first night. He was unanimously chosen to read. So lie gave us the trial scone. Baidell v. Pickwick, from tlie " Papers." Render, I dare say you can imagine the kind of treat we had. Jefferson, though, was not a pretentious reader, lint tlie sly enjoylneut ho displayed of tlie humor of the text communicated itself in fectiously to his audience, and .every now and then wo were convulsed w-itll the vary spirit of laughter. It ontered iuto our bones, and wo shook. I forgot what wo talked about afterwards, but before we broke up, Fawcett had got round to his favorite topic of tho "antiquity of man,1' and was dilating iu favor of Lyell's doe- triucs with great enthusiasm. I got up. a diversion on" tho side of orthodoxy, roally I fear more for the sake of argument than of orthodoxy. I continued traversing Fawcett 's views, and quibbling nt h's facts, until he got quite angry, and we alt laughed at bin'. Ultimately, however, Master George dis covered that we wcro only " drawing him," and from that time ho kept his mental eye upon this individual. E. U. Gardner kept the Piazza Hotel at the time, and supplied au oxcellent assortment of alcohols. Wo were very free ami easy, talcing our c-nits off when the weather was waiai, and enjoying ourselves without Lt or hindrance. On another oight, Dick Younge read with admirable emphasis the beautiful scene, the' Night before the Battle of Agincdlirt, from Henry V., beginning,' " Brother John Bates, is not that the morning which breaks yonder?" and ending with the splendid soliloquy of the King. _ He got great applauso. Another nigh? Barlow rend a very cleverly put together gboft story, the scene of which was laid in a to-iginghouae in tho neighborhood of tho .Regent's dark; London. The story had auch an air of truth, that we actually passed a resolution com mitting the club to a belief in ghosts ! This is a fact. The club lasted for many months, and when Fawcett ' went to England, the members gave him a testimonial.- Then the Onoe a Week Club went hack Lnto'aboriginal Night. . . 