THE NORTHERN TERRITORY ACTION. The case of the North Australian Company v. Blackmore has been settled at last, and settled in a way which will astonish no one. Whatever chance of success South Australia might have had upon tho merits of tho whole question was reduced almost to vanishing point by the refusal of the Supreme Court — no doubt upon strictly legal grounds — to admit the equitable plea puttjdi j in issue the whole of the facts with regard to* the delays in surveying land in the Northern Territory, and the causes of those delays. It was the duty of the Government, even after having this substantial ground o! defence struck from under their feet, to' exhaust every lawful and honourable meani of resisting the demands of the Company,. and this they have now done. There ia no course left open to them but to swallow their chagrin with the best grace possible, and comply with the decision of the Courts of this province, endorsed as it has been by the highest tribunal to which suitors in colonial cases can appeal. The brief telegram received by the Ministry announcing the result of the argument before the Privy Council gives no clue whatever to the points upon which the judgment pro ceeds, but these may be gathered from th* proceedings taken in Adelaide. The cause: came before the Supreme Court early itt 1871, and in May of that year the three Judges ordered the expunpjement of' the plea to which we have referred. In July the question was submitted to a Jnry, and upon the direction of the presiding. Judge a verdict was entered for the plaintiffs. A motion for a new trial was brought for ward ; but it proved unsuccessful, the final judgment being delivered in August. It was. not until some months later that the pro ceedings were sent home ; but making allow ance for this interval, it is still undeniable that the appeal has been very tardily prosecuted. The questions remitted for the consideration of the Privy Council were of a comparatively technical character, and but for the feeling that the Company were endeavouring to lake advantage of their legal status to l-ear hardly upon the colony would probably never have been raised by the Government. They chiefly had to do with alleged irregularities in the appli cation for and the issue of the land- orders held by the plaintiffs, although incidentally they brought to the front matters of a somewhat more substaatial character. For example, they raised the questions— first, as to whether the contract relied upon by the Company, seeing that it was entered into by the Government of South Australia in carry ing oat a public undertaking, really conferred any righta upon the plaintiffs capable of being enforced in a Court of Law; and second, as to whether the passing of the ^Northern Territory Amendment Act did not actually repeal the original Northern Territory Act, and thus deprive the Company of all remedy for a breach of contract Upon both these points, which, it will be seen, are dearly distinguishable from the subject matter of the equitable plea disallowed by their Honors, the Court in this, colony dis tinctly expressed, itself in favour of the claim of the Company. The decision of the Privy Council having bcenjiven, it becomes important to consider wk* s^-fllbe its probable results. Ansmmmg} as we\iay safely do, that the Government ?rill maxe no attempt to evade the liability thus cast upon them, they will be under the necessity of paying back to the Company the purchase-money of 328 land-orders with interest at 10 per cent— the rate fixed by the Court a couple of years ago, although according to the ruling rate of money it is monstrously excessive. In July, 1S71, the amount claimed was £33,922, bnfc since then it has accumulated, to dose upon £3S,000. To this has to be added the costs of the litigation, which will bring the total up to at least £45,600. That sum, however, does not represent the whole of the liability jvhich the judgment has directly imposed npon the Government. From returns re cently laid before Parliament we find that there are 258 other Iand-order3 in precisely the same position as the 32S held by the North Australian Company. Should the proprietors ef these put in a claim for the return of their money, which is not impro* bable, the Government will be called upon fco pay between £70,000 and £80,000— no ^considerable amount to add to the national debt of the new settlement. Df course there is a set-off to this n the land, which will fall into the lands of the Government, and be at once ivailable for sale. The area o! country [and affected will, if the holders of the 5SG jrders claim their purchase-money, be 53,700 acres, reckoning each, order as carrying 160 acres. In addition to this [here will be 5S6 town lots of half an acre each thrown into the market, many of which will, if the Territory progresses, as there is every prospect of its progressing, realize a high price. The colony has jause to be thankful that at last it knows the worst of the Northern Territory case, and that its relations with the Sorth Australian Company, unsatisfactory as they have been from the first, are on the point of closing. rHE LARGEST ABORIGINAL TRIBE IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. 'We have been favoured with the perusal )f a MS. bock, describing an aboriginal tribe which exists in the Far North of South Australia. The author is Mr. Samuel Gason, i police-trooper, who occupied a station in the vicinity of Lake Hope from the year 1865 until a few months back. His duties brought him into constant contact with the natives dwelling in that remote district, and as a relief from the monotony of hi3 isolated position. Mx. Gason laid himself out to collect all the information he could concern ing them. Possessing peculiarly favourable opportunities for observation, he naturally gained a very complete and accurate acquain tance with the habits and customs of the sur rounding tribes. He mastered their language, carefully noted the characteristics of their social and political life, and enquired into their laws, superstitions, and traditions. Justly considering that the information thu3 acquired would be of interest to others besides himself, he has embodied it in a book designed for publication. His reasons for taking this course he states as follows:— 'Firstly, I thought a record of the charac teristici and tongue of a race fast dying out mi^ilApossess an interest hereafter; and secondly— but chiefly— because an acquain tance with them may be of some assistance to those pious missionaries and others who in the interior of this vast continent are so nobly endeavouring to extend civilization through its gracious handmaid Christianity.' Although Mr. Gason lays no claim to literary or scientific ability, he deserves praise for the painstaking manner in which he has pursued the Btudy he took in hand. His MS. treats principally of the Dieyerie tribe, which has the distinction of constituting with its affiliated native families the largest aboriginal tribe in South Aus tralia. Some idea of the patient research the author has exercised may be gained from the fact that, in addition to giving a descrip tion of the general characteristics, usages:, and ceremonies of the Dieyeries, he has com piled catalogues of their weapons and orna ments, and of the animnfo and plants found in their country. He has further prepared a complete vocabulary of the language, and an outline of its construction and grammar. For this latter part of his book lie claitns considerate criticism, because of the diffi culties he laboured under in executing it. His explanation is: — 'Unassisted by any works of reference, I have been able to base it alone on the analogy of words. It mav therefore be defective, yet I trust not so much so but that it may form a foundation on which a philologist may build a more worthy structure.' The general merit of the work, both on account of the circumstances connected with its production and the light it throws upon an important section of the natives of this colony, leads us to express the hope that the Government will assist Mr. Gasoa in publishing it. We believe that on former occasions similar books upon topics of native South Australian interest have either been ?purchased by the Government and issued from the colonial printing office, or assistance has been rendered in other Trays to enable the authors to publish without the danger of sustaining pecuniary loss, The adoption by the authorities of such a course towards Mr. i Gason would be a worthy recognition of the trouble and labour he has expended in | seeking to preserve a reliable description of an aboriginal race, which, through various causes, will soon be a thing of the past. A few extracts from the manuscript will not be without interest as showing the con dition of the important tribe of which Mr. Gason speaks. Referring to its general characteristics, he writes: — The Dieyerie tribe numbers about 230, and the four neighbouring tribes — theYandrawontha, Yarrawaurka, Anminies, and Wongkaooroo — about bbO; in aii some 1,030 person*. Their country is about G30 miles north of Adelaide, and L» bounded at the most southerly point by Mount Freeling, at the most northerly point by Piri^Tindi Lake (on the Cooper River), at the most easterly point by Lake Hope, and at the most westerly point at a part yet unnamed, but about 80 miles from Lake Hope. This country is traversed by Cooper's Creek— there only a chain of lakes without any defined channel. Their language is understood by the four neighbouring tribes with whom they keepup ostensibly airiendly intercourse, inviting and being invited to attend each other's festivals and mutually bartering, but in secret they entertain a most doaHy enmity fco each other. At the same time they believo that they came from a parent stock, and even intermarry. A more treacherous race I do not think exists. They imbibe treachery in infancy, practise it until death, and connect no sense of wrong with It. Gratitude is to them an unknown quality. No matter how kind or generous you are to them you cannot assure yourself of their affection. Even amongst themselves for a mere trifle they would take the life of their dearest friend, con sequently they are in constant dread of eacb other, while their enmity to the white man is only kept in abeyance by fear. They will smile and laugh in your face, and the next moment, if opportunity offers, kill you without remorse Kindness they construe into fear, and had it not been for the determination and firmness of the early settlers they would never have been allowed to occupy the country. The tribe is numerous, and if they knew — and it is feared they will eventually learn— their own power, the present white inhabitants could not keep them down, or for one day retain their possessions. They seem to take a delight in lying, especially if they think it will please you. Should you ask them any question, be prepared for a falsehood as a matter of course. They not only lie to the white man, but to each other, and do not appear to see any wrong in it. Notwithstanding, however, what has been said of their treachery, and however paradoxical it may appear, they posses? in an eminent degree the three great virtues of hospitality, reverence fco old age, and love for their children and parents. Sheuld any stranger arrive at their :arup food is immediately set before him. The iUdren are never beaten, and should any aron: an violate this law she is in turn beaten by icr husband. It is singular, however, that dthough they cherish this tenderness for their ?emaining oil'spring, infanticide is largely prac isod amongst them. Their whole life is spent n bartering ; they rarely retain any article for ong. The articles received by them in ex ihange one day are bartered away the next, whether at a profit or loss. Should any -ne of them more shrewd than another profit m the koccasion by this traffic, he is sure imme liately after to sacrifice it, and the majority of heir quarrels are caused by bartering or re using to barter. Their food is principally regetable, animals being very scarce, if exeep ion is made of rats and their species, and makes and other reptiles, of which there is an inlimited nuuiber. There are no kangaroo, and ?ery few emu. The latter form their favourite bod, and occasionally in very hot weather they «cure one by running it down. In a dry season ;hey mainly subsist oa nardoo, but in a good eason with plenty of rain they have an ample upply of seeds, which they grind or pound, oake into small loaves, and bake in the ashes. Fhey gather also then plenty of plants, herbs, rod roots. Their dogs— of which every camp ias from six to 20 — are generally a mangy lot, iut the natives are very fond of them, and take s much care of them (as if they were human. f a white man wants to offend a native let him «at his dog. I have seen women crying over a log when bitten by a snake as if over their own hild. Concerning their traditions the following ?ccurs : — The Creation. — In the beginning, say the )ieyerie, the Mooramoora made a number of mall black lizards (the kind alluded to are still o be met with under dry bark), and being ?leased with them he promised they should lave power over all other creeping things. The klooramoora then divided their feet into toes ind angers, and, placing his forafinger on the :entre of the face, created a nose, and so in like nanner afterwards eyes, mouth, and ears. The Spirit then placed one of them in a standing Ration, which it could not, however, retain, thereupon the Deity cut off the tail and the izard walked off erect. They were then made male and female so as to perpetuate the race ind leave a tribe to dispute then* ancestry with Darwin's monkeys. Murdoo— Subdivision of Tribe into Families.— Murdoo means taste, but in its primary and larger signification implies the family founded after the followingtradition. After the Creation, fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, and others of tho closest kin intermarried promiscuously, until the evil effects of these alliances becoming mani fest, a council of the chiefs was assembled to consider in what way tho existiag troubles might be averted. As the result of their deli berations they petitioned tho Mooramoora, who ordered that the tribe should be divided iuto branches, and distinguished one from the other by different names, after objects animate and inanimate, such as dogs, mice, emu, rain, iguana, and so forth. The members of any one branch were not to intermarry; but permission was given for those of different families to enter into conjugal unions. This rule is still observed, and the first question asked of a stranger is, ' What Murdoo /' namely, of what family are yon.? Creation of the Sun.— Their traditions sup posed that man and all other beings were created by the moon at the bidding of the Mooramoora (Good Spirit). The tribe finding tho emu pleasant to the sight, and judging it to be eat able, but being unable, owing to its swiftness, to catch it during the cold that then prevailed, appealed to the Mooramoora to cast some heat en the earth, t-o as to enable them to run down the desired bird. Tho Mooramoora, complying with their request, bade them perform certain ceremonies (which they still observe), and then created the sun. In the native ceremonies, a great many of which Mr. Gason describes, red ochre is largely used for colouring the body. The tribe consequently set very high value upon it, and go to great trouble to keep up their supply of the important substance. The follow ing account is given of BOCKAT0O EXPEDITION FOR RED OCHRE. Every ?wister, in July »r August, a council of old men is held relative to the starting of an expedition for red ochre to a place called Burratchunna Creek (west of the Blinman fown i-bip), where there is a large mine of it. Old and young men are selected on a day fixed, and a leader appointed to take command, all being kept secret from the women, for fear they should persuade their husbands not to leave. On the day the party must start the old men rise with the sun, and grasping _ their weapons promptly depart, singing, without any leave-taking or farewell to their wives and children. The women then, con scious of the men's intentions, commence screaming, screeching and yelling, hooting, hissing, and makiBg all kinds of hideous and uncouth sounds, calling on their husbands, sons, brothers, and friends to remain, and not to be led into a strange and hostile country. They, unheeding, proceed on their way for about 500 yards for the purpose of arranging with the old men, who are left behind to build wurleys (Bookatoo Oorannie) for the reception of the party when it returns. The site being selected, and instructions given to build substantial huts, farewell is taken, the expedition singing rather a Eournful ditty, encouraging the young lads to keepup their spirits; and indeed some of them require encouragement, knowing that besides having to travel over SOO miles through strange country, many a hungry belly they will have before reaching their destination, independent of the load of ochre they will have to carry back. The party travels about 20 miles a day. On arrival at the mine each member of it digs out hia own ochre, mixes it with water, making it into loaves about 2'J lbs. weight which are then dried. Just after collecting tho ochre they have all the hair of their face plucked out (not cut or burnt off). Each man carries an average weight of 70 lbs. of ochre, invariably on the head, and each has to procure hi3 own food, the party seldom resting a day ?while on the journey, which lasts usually from six to eight weeks, i until within cne day's stage of their camp — the J Bookatoo Oorannie. On the return route they barter with the tribes they pass, giving weapons for old clothes. Leaving for awhile the returning party within one stage of the Bookatoa Oorannie, we will review what has been done in their absence by those who had to prepare those wnrlojs (when built.) A space of about 100 yard3 around them is cleared and swept. During these preparations every morning the women are ordered away to a short distance, and not allowed to return until sunset, end during their absence they collect seed, which is stored against the return of the expedition. The men of the camp keep up a continuous singing during the whole day and night, making from the native cotton-bush sugarloaf-sbaped bags about 18 inches in length, and large enough at the orifice to admit the head, these being intended for tho Bookatoo men on their return. During the making of the bags the following song, of which I give the original and a free translation, is sung :— Mulka-a-a-a-wora-a-a Yoong-arra-a-a-Oondoo-o-o Ta- Pfllie-e-e-e Mulka-a-a angienie Kooriekirra-a-a-ya-a-a-ya. Translation. Put colours in the bags, Close it all round ; And make the nettled bag All the colours of the rainbow. The women are supposed never to have heard this song, which is kept secret from them, and they fear they would be strangled by the men should ever they overhear it I now return to the ochre party, who having for fear of hostile tribes made their way home, resting only by night, are now within 200 yards of the camp prepared for them. They drop on their hands and knees so as not to awaken its inhabitants, whom they desire to take by sur prise, which they do when within a few yard3 distance by loud yelling and clapping their hands, and dancing two or three times round the Bookatoo Oorannie, after which they retire a little way. The men of the camp then rush out to ascertain whether all the party have arrived safe. Women crying, children screaming, dogs fighting, altogether make up a discord language is unequal to describe. Now the sugarloaf bags are placed on the heads of the adventurers, the women prepare food for them, and dancing is kept up during the whole of the night until sunrise, when the ceremony is over, and until when the women are not allowed to speak to their hus bands or relatives. Afterwards days are spent by the members of the expedition in recounting anecdotes and incidents of their travels. North Australian Company versus Black more.— We learn that the Government have received a telegram frcm London, stating that the appeal in this case had been decided against the Government, the judgment of the Supreme Court here having been affirmed with costs. It will be recollected that the Company sued the Government for the return of the money they had paid for land in tho Northern Territory, with 10 per cent, interest added, on the ground that they were not placed in possession of their property within the time agreed. Discount in London. — The Government have received a telegram from London announcing that discount there had advanced to 9 per cent. Discount in Melbourne.— We learn that the Banks in Melbourne have raised the rate3 of discount, but wo do not know the extent of th» advance. The Late Baron Ltveden. — Our London telegram announces the death of Baron Lyve den. This well-known politician of a bygone generation was the son of the late Robert P. Smith, of Saville-row, and nephow of tho illus trious Sydney Smith. He was born in 1S00, and having been educated at Eton and Oxford entered the House of Commons in 1829 as a Liberal member. Thirty years afterwards he was raised to the peerage, having in the interval sat in various Cabinets. He is ts some extent identified with the early history of South Australia, inasmuch as from 1839 to 1S41— momentous years in the annals of this colony — he held tbo position of Under Secretary for tho Colonies in Lord Melbourne's Government. Since holdiag tho Presidency of the Board of Control, from 1S55 to 1858, under Lord Palmerston's first Administration, be ceased to tako a prominent part in political life. Baron Lyveden— then tho Hon. Robert Vemon Smith — was married in 1S23 to the daughter and co-heir of the late Earl of Upper Ossory, and in 1846 he obtained a royal licence for his children to bear tlie name of Vernon. Port Darwin Gold Mining Company.— An extraordinary general meeting of tho share holders in this Company was held at tho office of the Secretary, 'vYaymouth-street, on Friday evening, November li. There wero ab^ut 40 shareholders present, and Mr. KrichautF, M.P., presided. Seven new clauses wero added to the articles of association, and some other minor business having been transacted, the meeting f.djournei for a month, when Directors will be chosen. Hostital at Palmerston.— A meeting has been held at Palmerston to tako steps to secure the erection of a hospital there, and tho Govern ment have been appealed to to render some help in the matter. It is scarcely likely that the Ministry will offer any objection to the request. Opening of Kingston Institute.— The new Institute at Kingston was opened on Monday, 10th November. Such events are generally red letter days in the chronicles of country town ships, and a considerable amount of enthusiasm was excited. The day being a holiday and tho weather fine, a number of the townspeople met in the afternoon near the Institute, where, by means of cricket and other games, a pleasant afternoon was spent, the proceeds going towards the fund for the new building. In tho evening the formal opening took place. Tho Kingston Amateur Christys, whose previous efforts have added so largely to the Institute Fund, were again on the boards. Before the curtain rose their Manager stepped forward, and read a prologue written by a resident, and the troou programme which they had provided was then gone through. Just before the first interval the President of the Institute, Mr. E. S. Burkitt, mounted the stage, and with a few appropriate remarks declared the Institute opened, expressing the hopo that the public would put their shoulders to the wheel, to make a success of the work so auspiciously begun. The present building, con sistiDg of a hall, 50 feet by 27, and 18 feet high, with stage, &c;, had cost about £400. The Government grant to the extent of £150 had been received as well as private donations, but there was still left a debt of about £126, which he hoped would speedily be wiped off, as they had the great inducement of another £150 grant from Government, which could be claimed on this amount of £126 being subscribed. The President further explained that the present building formed only part of the design, which comprised a reading- room and library in front and librarian's quarters in the rear of the present Hall, which would be proceeded with as soon as funds permitted. The Christys were frequently applauded by a large house, the pro ceeds being about £16. The Hall is ceiled, but the walls are not yet plastered. A handsome proscenium and well-painted drop-scene adom the room. The stage is 12 feet wide. The ground on which the Institute is built is the con joined donation of Messrs. J. & A. Cooke and Sir George Kingston, M.P. It wss mentioned with regret that a prologue, written by a lady visitor, had been handed in t«o late to be availed of, but the lady's kindness and talent were duly appreciated. Gas at Mount Gambier.— The ' gas' meet ing on Saturday (says the Border Watch) proved a failure, only the convener and one or two other gentlemen putting in an appearance at the rendezvous. The Mount is not yet ripe for a Gas Company. Thb Tiahscohtihibtai Tkeegbajh. — The Brisbane Courier, on the ground that it would be contributing to the perpetnation of * mono poly in the hands of a private Company, utterly disapproves of Queensland joining in the subsidy scheme for reducing the price of messages upon the Anglo-Australian Telegraph. In the same article, however, the following honourable testi mony is borae to the greatness of the work South Australia achieved a year since in establishing electric communication with Europe :— ' The church bells do not this morn ing ring in a holydav. The guns are silent. N« morning salute ushers in a day of rejoicing. Yet we commemorate a great event. It was on this day last year, the 23rd October, 1872, that the first pulsation was felt of that mysterious intelligence which now unites us with the central heart of our national existence. If not feeble at first, it was at least spasmodic, and was then watched with all the anxious interest which circles round the dawn of existence. At that nativity, with the consciousness of its first full throb of life, came the perception that the time and space which have hitherto separated us from the old world were well nigh annihilated. Over sterile deserts, under coralseas, through the tropical islands on the Equator, through In'iia and through Egypt, past the ancient Pillars of Hercules to the well- known shores, the swift messenger flew deftly on with its tale of accomplished labour. From our shores, at the extremity of this attenuated thread of life, came the conscious announcement that every difficulty had been overcome, and that the daring pro jects of these scientific architects had been crowned with the reward of a well-won victory. It is indeed a noteworthy anniversary. In al the annals of history there is no brighter page than that which records the triumph of man over inert matter, whereby the gifts of nature are enlarged; and among these triumphs the telegraphic union of England and Australia will rank as one of the most brilliant episodes in an age by no means unfruitful in the applica tion of science to industry. It has not been ac complished by armies and navies, by tho trusted officers of empires and republics. It is the gradually perfected result of thoughtful obser vation, worked out by a few active men of business, aided by a few skilful artisans, a few hardy sailors, and a resolute band of adventurous explorers. Thus it is that the twin sisterhood of science and industry exact from U3 tho ungrudging homage of an involuntary admira tion. It is the successful accomplishment of undertakings such as these which seem to point to a time when the kindred, but often estranged, races of mankind will recognise a community of interest superior to thoso predatory instincts which hitherto have exercised so large an in fluence on national relationsliips.' Good Templarism.— We are informed thatan open Conference, convened by circular, was held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, November 12, to consider the past, present, and future of Good Templary in South Australia. There was a largo atten dance of members from various Lodges, and Mr. G. Newman, W.C.T., presided. Tho Secretary read the following resolution, which was passed at a gathering of representatives of various Lodges, held in the Hall on November 5: — 'That in the opinion of thia meeting tho operations of the Order should be carried on in the best possible way for the good of the Order, waiting a reply from America to the memorial of appeal, and that a Conference between a deputation from this meeting and a deputation from the Grand Lodge, members of August, be suggested previous to the open Con ference of November 12. A copy of this had been forwarded to the G.W.S., who replied that the Executive of the G.L. would meet a deputation from that meeting on Tuesday even, ing at tho G.L. offices, and Messrs. Carr, M.P., Mitchell, Robin, Pickering, Whitehead, and Howell met the Executive. Tho Chairman asked the deputation if a correct report had appeared in that day's Advertiser, as it seemed from it that the deputation had asked tho Executive to restore the charter. The deputa tion stated that the report wa3 iucorroct, and that they had not asked for the charter to be restored as it had not been taken. Mr. Carr spoko of the interview they had with tho Execu tive, and the terms they proposed, which were : — 1st. That tho said Lodge retract tho circular issued by their officers, published in the South Australian Tevipmince Herald of September 30, reflecting on the G.W.C.T. 2nd. That the said Lodge agrees to acknowledge the authority of the G.L. and Executive in all matters appertain ine to the Order, until a reply to the appeal, forwarded to the R.W.G.L., be received. On the motion of Mr. Hammer, seconded by Mr. Bendall, it was resoived 'That this meeting cannot allow the report which appeared in to-day's Advertiser to go forth to tho public as correct: — 1st. The Templar's Hope Lodge never wished their charter to be restored, as the G.L. of August had no power to revoke the same. 2nd. The deputation submitted three propositions for the so-called Grand Lodge to comply with, which, if they had acceded to, the Templars' Hope Lodge would with pleasure work harmoniously pending the decision of the appeal forwarded to tho K.W.G.L.' On the motion of Mr. Howells, secondedby Mr. Pickering, it was resolved ''That if the G.W.C.T. withdraw his strictures upon the Templars' Hope Lodge and its appeal, this meeting recommends that th« address which such strictures give rise to be withdrawn. ' On the proposition of Mr. Cole, seconded by Mr. Crawford, thaLks were passed to the deputa tion. Messrs. Carr, Pickering, and Ko'-in briefly responded. On the motion of Mr. Howells, seconded by Mr. Crawford, it was decided that a Committee he appointed to have power to convene, meetings, if necessary, and adopt such steps as to them may appear de sirable. The following were appointed for that purpose: — Messrs. Newman, Robin, Pickering, McColl, and Howells (Secretary). A letter read from Mrs. Watson stated that a fresh supply of 'Rituals' and other works of the Juvenile Templars had been forwarded to Mrs. Knowles. M.U. Oddfellows' Annual Picnic. —The Committees appointed by the tewn and suburban Lodges to arrange for the picnic on New Year's Day met on Friday evening at the Albion Lodge room, Hotel Europe. The G.M. of the Order, Mr. A. S. Devenish, was aopointed Chairman of the Committee, Prov. D.G.M. W. Skethoway Vice-Chairman, and Prov. C.S. A. H. Beyer Honorary Secretary and Treasurer. The Com mittees to arrange the different sports, &&, were appointed, and other necessary preliminary arrangements made. Somnambulism. — A correspondent of the Tenterjlcld Star, writing from near Lawrence, on the Clarence River, Now South Wales, says : — 'I have to relate a very singular freak of somnambulism, which occurred to a lady resi dent on one of the outlying stations. A few weeks ago the lady in question, who, by tho way, is above the average feminine height, thus making the outline of her figure appear more conspicuous, stalked out abomt 11 o'clock on a beautiful moonlight night, divested of all attire excepting her night-dress, and was observed walking majestically, yet apparently with stealthy footsteps. The lady in question, who is known to be an excellent equestrienne, caught her favouriie horse — by merely beckoning to him — and with the most ex quisite grace mounted, having nothing to guide the animal, nor anything to lay hold of but its flowing mane. They flew along at a splendid pace for about 300 yards, until at last coming to a small but deep lake, and receiving no check from his fearless mistress, the animal plunged into it, submerging both for a few moments in its dark and limpid waters. On again rising to the surface, to tho astonishment of your humble servant and another observer, the lady seemed to have recovered her wonted faculties, and was urging her steed to shore. Having at last succeeded in doing so, she cantered off like the wind to her own home. Delicacy forbade both spectators from inter fering with the lady, but on calling next day and enquiring after her health we found that she had suffered no inconvenience from her mid night bath aad ride.' The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide ? 0*010 Port Elliot ... 0*058 Auburn ? 0-200 Goolwa ? 0-120 Clare ? 0*030 McGrath's Flat 0*170 Mount Barker... 0*090 Robe ? 0*170 Strathalbyn ... 0*200 Mount Gambier 1*100 Wfflunga ? 0*130 Penola ? 0700 Nonnanville ... 0~005 St. Paul's Oohvobaziow axd Tka.— The' conversazione aad tea held at the Town Hall on Friday evening, in connection with Si Paul's Church, were very largely attended, and in all reepecta were a complete success. The tea, which took place at half -past 5 in the afternoon, was attended by considerably over three hun dred people. The conversazione was arranged for half-past 7 o'clock. A band was in atten dance, and in addition to music given by it several ladies and gentlemen belonging, to the church gave vocal and instrumental selections. The Hall was arranged to allow of promenading, which was kept up between the selections and the addresses. These hitter, which were deli vered by the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide and gentlemen of the church, contained a his tory of the rise and progress of St. Paul's, its financial position, and other matters connected with it and interesting to the friends of the building. The Lean, who was the first to speak, chose the history of the church as his subject, and mentioned that it had been resolved to build it ia 1856, Captain Allen having given the first donation. The building was completed in 1865, at a total cost of £5,000. The foundation-stone was laid by Sir B, G. MacDonnell in 1857, and the two services in connection with the completion and part completion of the building performed by the Bishops of Sydney and Adelaide. He stated that the parsonage had been erected in 1865, and after mentioning that tho parish of St. Paul's had iatroduced gas-lighting, a weekly instead of a monthly offertory, and substituted the ancient and modern for the hymn book in use for a considerable time, hi3 own absence during 1868 and 1869 was touched upon. He detailed the facts connected with the establishment on his return of a sur pliced choir, and mentioned that it was found very necessary that £35 per year should be contributed to keep it up. The morn ing services, which he had thought would suit young men in shops and business men going to business past the church, had not been well attended,' but he intended to keep them up as well as the weekly communion. The work which had been done in the Sunday- school and in the school for the ragged children, which was presided over by a Committee of ladies, he briefly alluded to. There was much wanted about the church, such as a fence and repairs inside it, which he hoped to see tho congrega tion come forward and assist in carrying out. Mr. W. J. Fullarton mentioned in his address that the income of the church was £625, and pointed cut how that amount was now all absorbed. In addition to this they wanted £30 a year for the Sunday-school, £60 a year for the day-school, and £35 for the support of the choir. It had been estimated that a stone wall could be erected round the church with an iron railing and a shed for vehicles for £220. Of this sum they had only £60, so that there was £160 more to collect. A gentleman whose name he did not know had that evening promised to lend £80 for five years for this object if another £80 was collected, and he hoped that would be done before the meeting broke up. Mr. J. C. Bray, M.P., spoke on the subject of the St. Paul's Day school, saying that it would cost with the land £920, and that £100 would be required for fittings. It would, when completed, accommo date about 300 children. At the school now carried on at Ebenezer- place considerable pro gress was being made with teaching. Each child there cost 3s. per quarter, and for a dona tion of that amount persons could nominate one child. He asked both young and old to assist in the building of the school and in contributing funds, pointing out that although an Education Bill was before Parlia ment it was not likely to be availed of by all, and that the school need not be confined to children of St. Paul's parish. Mr. Anthony spoke on the subject of the Mission Funds, for which the Church had to make collections; and after the Dean had delivered a few remarks as a wind up, ' God Save the Queen' was played at 10\. There must have been about 600 people at tho conversazione, including His Excellency the Governor and party, and a large number of persons connected with other Churches. Brocghton Wheat.— The Northern Argits says: — 'An excellent sample of this year's wheat, grown on the BroughtonArea, and reaped a few days ago, has been brought to our office. The grain looks remarkably well, none being shrivelled. The whole is plump, and the growth has attained perfection. We are in formed that the land where the samples came from carried a good crop last year. The average of the field will not bo under 12 bushels to the acre. Several farmers are reaping on the Broughton this week — Messrs. A. Craig, sen., Reid, and others— and wo believo they expect as good returns as last year.' [From yestersday' Evening Journal.] National Order of British Templars.— The quarterly meetingof the Havelock Lodge was held at the Ebenezer Chapel, Rundle-street, oi Thursday, November 13. The officers were robed in the splendid regalia recently arrived in the Penola. Amongst these was a splendid presenta tion-collar of beautiful workmanship forwarded by the Rev. F. L. Wilson, M.W.G.C.T., to the instituting officer of tho province, Mr. J. Kemp Penney. Several candidates were initiated and a large number proposed. Applications were made for a Charter to open a Lodge in the south part of the city and three others in the suburbs. Thk Si'IRItists Outdone. — The London cor respondent of tho Birmingham Post writes:— 'If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham.' There are two mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mi*. Cooke, wbohavegreatqualificationsforastouHdingthem. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking sticks con verse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favourites of the spirits ; a lady floats in the air — not in the dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, hold ing each other's hands like so many idiots, but with powerful opera glasses In their hands, are in vited on tho stage, and sit there during the per. formance — * manif estations1 I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before tho audience, elevated so that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredu lous auditors are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders the uso of a trap door impossible, and there are no possible moans by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation; yet a man enters the box, his legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks; when the door is opened the man is gone and no one can conceive in what way h e has disap peared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and sus picious gentleman from the body of the meeting, yetneither could discover how the disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other, no one was able to say or to suggest in what possible manner they could have disappeared. The Maskelene and Cooke spirits will excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of the world, but bow the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maske lene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooke would have beea fire and faggot' Accidents at Mintaro.— Several accidents have lately occurred in and about Mintaro. First Mr. Brinnly, butcher, had a narrow escape through being thrown from a horse, and he was taken home apparently in a dying state. Then Mr. F. Curneen, farmer, at Farrell's Flat, was knocked down insensible whilst drafting horses at Mr. Brinnly's residence, and sustained some severe internal injuries. A young man named Malycha had his hand jambed between the cog-wheels of a reaping-machine and a piece of timber, and much lacerated ; and lastly, a son of Mr. Coles, of Belalie, fell into a waterhole whilst fishing, and great praise is due to Messrs. J. Brown and Bowman for having rescued him after having sunk the third time. All the sufferers were placed under the treat ment of Dr. Carter, and are now convalescent. 