HUNTING A SHADOW. BY M. E. K. CHAPTER VIII. IT would be difficult to analyse Arthur's feel jjjTB, after the declaration had been made. Upon the whole he was glad he had asked Vic- former to marry him, for he felt sure she would make him an excellent wife, and it was the most sensible thing he could do. He had been wrong to indulge the morbid attachment to Constance. It was utterly hopeless, and no good could come of it. And yet, right or wrong, this attach- ment was only in abeyance, and ready on the slightest pretext, to burst out as ungovernable as over. But then Victorine would be at his side to put it down. She was so kind and sensible, and Arthur thought so true. He know nothing of her worldly life in London the report of it had not reached his quiet home. He and Grace had always kept up a friendly inter- course with her, and had met with a kind reception at her house. All seemed fair and smooth. Mrs. Ferrars was a little too grand and stylish for their simple country notions, but nothing else and this, they thought, was a matter of association, and of her bringing up. As far as Victor was concerned, Arthur had not a single misgiving. Victorine know exactly how to conduct herself in the delicate position in which she was placed. Her unruffled carelessness and self-possession gave her, as it always did an immense advantage. Every feeling under strict control, she resembled the general of some highly disciplined army, who could never be found off his guard. She neither sought Arthur nor avoided him talked with him freely and cordially, but without the slightest embarrassment. Polite, polished, and graceful, she did honor to his choice. But had she accepted him Yes. In a few words she had told him her decision, had spoken wisely, temperately, and piously of the duties she was willing to undertake. The young nobleman was passed over in silence, and this Arthur attributed to her delicacy of feeling. Victorine had proposed to go home, or rather to her mother, who was out for her autumn tour. This time Arthur did not oppose her, and it was settled that on her return he and his sister should pay a visit to Chester Square, when matters were to be def nicely arranged. Victorine then took her departure dresses, jewellery, and all. Her game was ended, and she had won it. Arthur felt very lonely when Victorian was gone ; he missed her terribly. The house, abandoned to Grace, seemed devoid of interest. It might have been otherwise if Grace had not been still in the very thick of her dresBUiaking. As it was, Arthur was more solitary than over, and wrote long letters to Victorine, and heartily wished her back again. He had not ventured to look at the picture. He hold himself back with a strong arm when- ever the WORTH came upon him. He let it remain behind its veil for a month untouched, hoping that the impression might fade from his memory. 'Let it die," he would say; "dust to dust, ashes to ashes. But life must have life ; the heart cannot cling to a phantom." And yet there were few phantoms more bewitching. He should never see again a face so faultless, a men so majestic. Suppose he were to take a momen- tary glance Yes, he must look ! He is drawn irresistibly towards it. The strong will fails him he raises the curtain. Surely she is more beautiful than when he looked upon her last. " Beautiful, glorious Constance ! Death hath not spoiled then. Perhaps he relented, smitten with thy beauty, and feared to touch it. Yes, I could have loved thee. Every chord in my being would have responded to thine. We were to have been one, Constance, but the grave parted Us." At such moments, when Arthur bowed at the shrine of his idol, the image of Victorine stood reverently without. She had never come into the sanctuary of his soul, as this dead stranger had. Constance was her rival still. That afternoon Arthur went out, as he often did, for an excursion. Sir Harry Lorimer, who lived some six miles distant, had given him permission at all times to sketch in his park. He had also a hearty welcome wherever he could be persuaded to stay at the house for the night, and a room had been fitted up for him that went by the name of " Mr. Leslie's room." Sir Harry, Arthur knew, was now abroad, but the park was open as usual, and likewise the chamber, if he should choose to avail himself of it. The time for these excursions was getting over, but the day was warm for the season, and the trees were beautiful in their many-colored dress. Arthur fixed upon his subject, and tried to work away industriously ; but his mind was restless. The picture haunted him. Instead of his landscape he must needs paint the figure of Constance. It was foolish, he know and the old leaning on the them again. But how lovely he made her ! Just as she might have been had she passed through yonder glade, where the deer were feeding. He put a wreath of flowers upon her head he longed to put a crown, she looked so queenly. The subject was one that completely absorbed him and when he had put in the last touch, he found that the short autumnal day was drawing to a close. It turned chilly, and a gust of wind whirled the dead leaves about him. The rain came pattering down, and presently the shower increased so much that he was glad to seek shelter indoors. He was received, as usual, by an old man, an old house steward, who urged him to remain all night. Arthur did not yield at once to this proposal, though as Grace know where he WBB, his absence would occasion her no alarm. He stood for some time looking out into the storm, and hoping that it might abate. But the storm had not the slightest intention of abating. . It pelted and howled and tore away at the old trees in the park, until Arthur was at last obliged to give it up, and consent to stay until the morning. He was thrown upon his own resources for amusement. The library was locked up, and no books were to be had from any other quarter. So Arthur spent the evening in touching up his sketch of Constance. The thought of Victorine would sometimes stay his hand, and cause him an unpleasant sensation. It seemed an act of unfaithfulness to her, and an act, too, that she would highly disapprove. "Your morbid disease will never be cured while you keep that picture," were her parting words. And not only had he kept that picture, but actually painted another ! He worked at it until his eyes and his brain grew dizzy, and then he laid it aside, and retired to rest. The room Arthur occupied was an old-fashioned chamber, long and low, and with beams in its ceiling that made it look lower still. It was furnished in antique style, and the dark oak panelled walls would have given it a gloomy appearance, but for the fire that flickered and flared so cheer- fully on the hearth. Arthur sat before it buried in thought Had he done right to engage himself to Victorine Dare he trust himself to keep down his love for Constance, unaccountable and hopeless BE it might be Had he not seen her? Ah, it was only fancy ' He had long ago settled that point, or rather Victorine had settled it for him It was, she said, a mere delusion of his brain He had never really seen nor eincoahe'oy upon her couch that bright June morning. He threw himself upon the bed, and tried to compose himself to sleep. But sleep refused to visit him The sketch he had been making stood by the wall, and the flickering firelight played upon it and make it assume all kinds of grotesque forms Arthur lay and watched it Suddenly, and while his eyes were fixed upon it, it seemed to dilate What marvel was going to happen now ? How much larger and more life like would it become p He roused himself, and well he might It moved it was not his picture, it was a human form that stood before him It was Constance Clairville, just as he had seen her at the tomb < Those golden tresses are wonderfully like an angel's The white drapery, the solemn face, the large eloquent cyclists it real, or is it a phantom ? Fancy could create nothing so beautiful His picture, that he thought so perfect, has fallen infinitely short. She steps forward, she stands and looks upon him There is a mournful earnestness in that look which fascinates him He cannot move nor does he wish. He hardly dares to breathe lest the vision should depart He feels his heart drawn towards her, and his very existence blended with hers. But even while he looks at her she is gone ' He can see nothing now but his picture standing by the wall, and the firelight playing upon it as it did before. How insignificant and feeble it appeared He waxed wrath against it, and springing up, tore it in pieces. Then followed a period of tumultuous emotion, of pacing up and down the room, of wild and bitter despair, Victorine '-do not took him by reminding him of her. She is a creature of earth, and this is a celestial visitants' He does not think of Victoria, but with strained eyes balls seeks to find again that other He is here She will not have him yield homage to another. She has come to claim him, even from the tomb ' But this state of excitement could not lost long. Nature became exhausted, and at length he threw him. self on the bed and slept. Morning came, bright and sunny There was no sign that the storm had been, except that the ground was strewed with withered leaves. The door were feeding quietly in the park, and all nature looked at peace again But the storm in Arthur's mind was only half allayed He rose feverish and ill. This Second apparition of Constance had completely be- wildered him It had given rise to a thousand conjectures Sometimes he fancied he must be alive, though the evidence of his senses was opposed to such an idea Had he not soon her dead ? And yet surely that beautiful figure must have been Constance ! Was it possible to solve the mystery ? He resolved to make enquiry before he went away. " Who have you in the house ?" asked he of the old steward, in a tone of affected indifference. " I caught a glimpse of some one last night." " Did you sir ?" said the old man "Yes, indeed I did," sued Arthur, trembling with excitement. " Well, sir, it's just possible," and the old man stopped, and looked perplexed " What is possible ?" exclaimed Arthur, im- patiently. " Why, Sir, there is a gentleman here on his way to London. He is unsettled in his mind, sir, and has been over BIUCO his daughter died, and-" "What was her name tell me quick," interrupted Arthur. " Was not it-Constance Clairville ?" " The very same, sir. He is a friend of Sir Harry's and I was going to tell you, but Arthur would not stay to hear what the old man was going to tell. He had heard enough. CHAPTER IX, " I WISH I could make him speak out, that I do, and before I go to London. Victorine has a beau, and everybody else will have a beau, and it will be SO provoking to be without And he dangling after me all the time, and getting neither backwards or forwards ! It is immensely tiresome !" This soliloquy of our friend Grace took place as she was sitting in the cosy little parlor, the day of Arthur's excursion to the park. She had finished her jacket, and had it on, and very well it looked, and fitted her exactly, thanks to Victorine. Grace was excessively smart with her bows of ribbon, her hair done out into a multitude of curls, and a brooch on her bosom nearly as large as a cheesecloth. She was set on making John Lodge speak his mind, and, like Victorine, she had passed all her finery into the service. She reckoned very much on the effect her proposed visit to London would have on the mind of honest John, She meant to try and make him jealous to shoot as many Btinged barbs at him as she could ; to talk boastingly of Mrs. Ferrars, and the people she should see at Mrs. Ferrars' house, and to ride completely over his head. Yes, let her alone! She know very well what she was about no one need indoctrinate her ! Accordingly no sooner was Mr. John Lodge seated in his accustomed place, his eyes fixed on Grace in their accustomed manner, and his hands in his pockets safe out of the way, than Grace, without any preface whatever, aimed the following clumsy blow at his happiness." "I am going to London, Mr. Lodge, to see Victorine, and very likely shall got married there." John opened his eyes as wide as they would go, but beyond what Bounded like a gasp, he made no observation whatever. "Yes," continued Grace, flinging about in fine style, Victorine says I'm sure to get married. She told me of a gentleman in particular who would just do." Still no answer ; but eyes and mouth both wide open. More blank dismay could not have been depicted on any human face. The blow had evidently staggered him. " The gentleman I mean," continued Grace, turning to account a few random speeches of Victorine, " is very rich indeed, and keeps a pair of horses. It will be very nice, will it not, Mr. Lodge ?" " Very nice," repeated John, in a voice that might have come from a sepulchre. " I should like to marry a gentleman above all things," continued Grace, more than over piqued at his silence ; " a man who knows what to say for himself. Besides, Mrs. Ferrar has such grand society in London, and when I have once had a taste of that, it will seem so dull coming back here to nothing and nobody." "Nothing and nobody," echoed John, in the same charnel-house tone. "I have been making some new dresses on purpose to go in," said Grace, exultingly ; " you may be sure I shall set myself off to the best advantage. It is but fair, isn't it, Mr. Lodge ? So," continued Grace, " if you never BOO me again, you must not be surprised and you ought to be very glad that I have such a good opportunity of settling himself in the world." Have you no pity, Grace ? He is stuck as full of piercing daggers as Julius Caesar was. You must not think he has no fooling just because he has But like a dummy to be shot at. Each one of those clumsy wounds will hurt him for a month to come. Fio, Grace ! Are you thirsting for his blood ? John Lodge had come little prepared for this rude attack. If you had asked him what his feelings were just then, he would have said he hardly knew, but it was most use being met and stabbed. He could bear no more of it, so he got up, and shambled off as well as his wounds would let him. Grace felt angry that her victim had escaped. She grudged his getting off without the finish- ing touch. He had, after all, said nothing, and what was worse, she might have overshot the mark, and driven him away for good. Even lovers do not like to be poignarded. The next morning Arthur returned home, very much exhausted with ovor- excitomont and fatigue He wanted care and sympathy, and called for Grace, but no Grace was to be found. No one know what had happened to her. Yes, one thing had happened to her. She had, some time ago, locked herself up in the spare- bed room, and had never been heard of since. Arthur, whose nerves were thoroughly shaken, and who was ready to see a spectre in every corner, ran up stairs, and rapped loudly at the door. But Grace was as still as a mouse. She would not, for the world, have Arthur know what she was doing. He rapped again ; then, seriously alarmed, pushed at the door so violently that it flew open, and disclosed the figure of Grace, like the Syrocusan phantom, " swooping vehemently sweeping," her sleeves tucked up, an apron before her, and on her head a species of cap it would be unbecoming in us to describe. Grace had a panacea for every wore, a safety valve that could carry off any amount of irritation. She had more than forgotten the disappointment of yesterday. I cannot help it, Arthur," she exclaimed ; " Victorine left the room in such a state, and Jane has not half swept it. The dust lies in the corners, an inch thick. Servants are such But Arthur heard no more. He ran down stairs far more expeditiously than he had come up, and lied into his studio, as if all the house maids in creation had been at his heels. That night, Grace was roused from her sleep by the intelligence that Arthur was seriously ill. And very ill he was for when she went into his room he could not speak a coherent word. It proved to be a nervous fever, and woe be to the patient with such a disorder whom Grace had to nurse ! To be sure, for a few days, while he was at his worst she did admirably. Her Martha and her James were forgotten in the appalling sight of Arthur's restless eyes, and the sound of his delirious ravings. But no sooner was he out of danger and this happened very speedily, for he was young, and of an unbroken constitution-than she relapsed into her old ways. She began the skirmishing down stairs, and the cleaning, and the scrubbing, and the scolding, just as actively as ever. Poor Arthur was entirely at her mercy, and it was astonishing how she contrived to torment him. She would dust his room every morning, taking the precious opportunity of pouring out his cupboards and setting them thoroughly to rights. Then, when this was over, and he had fallen into a doze, she would wake him up by bringing her work, and rustling it against her gown and rattling the bobbins of cotton in her work-box. Then, every quarter of an hour, she would come to the bedside to ask him whether he felt any better, and whether he did not wish to have his face washed. Poor Arthur was very weary of his illness and of Grace and yet it would be a long time before he was likely to get rid of either. He had written at last to Victorine, and had commissioned Grace to send her the news of his illness. He felt as if it were his own bringing on. If he had not looked at his picture, the catastrophe might not have happened. It was a disordered brain that had done the mischief. He longed to tell his adventure to Victorine, and to hear how wisely and kindly she would lay this spectre as she did the other. Victorian seemed to be his only safeguard, Sometimes he thought he would talk to Grace, his distress of mind was so extreme. He wanted sympathy, and Grace was his sister and loved him dearly. How he wished she were not so uncomfortably domestic However, he would try. " Grace, dear," said he, " I want to talk to you." "Very well," said Grace. "Do wait a minute. I must just finish this button-hole. Now, then, what do you want to say ?" And she came to the bedside, her needle in her hand, and making a great knot at the end of her cotton. " Had you not better have your bed made ? And your face wants washing dreadfully." " Never mind my face," said he. " Sit down, Grace-I want to ask you a question." " Well, what is it ?" she asked. "Do you think it possible," said Arthur, his voice trembling very much, " do you think it possible mind, I do not say it is, but such unaccountable things do happen do you think it possible that-that-a person who has died can appear again ?" " Dear me, Arthur, have you been seeing the ghost of the dead woman ?" exclaimed Grace, in a tone of curiosity "lady, I mean?" she added, correcting herself. Arthur felt jarred upon through. his whole frame. It was impossible to hold any inter- course with Grace; still, he would try again. " Not exactly a ghost," said he, " had a mysterious vision. If you had seen it, should you believe it ?" "Not a bit," she replied. "I should feel sure it was only some one dressed up, or perhaps a walking-stick with a turnip at the top." " That will do, Grace ; I have nothing more to ask," said, Arthur, turning over. "Then you will not let me wash your face?" said Grace. " No, thank you ; let me alone," said Arthur, peevishly. Grace went back toberworkin high dudgeon and rattled her bobbins of cotton more loudly than ever. The greater distance there was between the earthen vessel and the vessel of brass the better. Arthur gave way to despondency. There was no repose for him from morning till night. He ] almost wished to die. But deliverance was at hand. The very next day, just when Grace had driven him distracted by throwing up the cinders on the hearth with a terrible clatter, grumbling all the time about the fire-irons being so " shamefully neglected," just when Arthur had requested her to leave the room, and Grace's temper had broken out, and there was going to be a pasBago-at-armB-in glided Victorine, in an elegant travelling dress, looking the very picture of all that was tranquil, lady- like, and being nant. Her entrance brought a feeling of cairn now along with it. She made no commotion she might have been there all along. She merely laid aside her bonnet, and came up to Arthur, and said that she was come to nurse him. And then she bathed his forehead, and drew down the blind, that Grace would have up, that she might see to Stitch for wristband, and diffused such a sensation of extreme comfort that Arthur felt in paradise. She would not let him talk. He must be passive in her hands. She got rid of Grace, and Grace's work, and took undisputed possession of the room. And oh ! it was elysium, the delicious unbroken quietude Whatever she did was so noiseless, so well timed, so thoughtful. He might well date his recovery from the moment that he saw her. " How very kind of you to come, Victorine," said he. " How very, many kind ! And I do not deserve it. Will you hear my confession ?" " Not till you are better," she replied. " You must keep your conscience hardened a little longer.'' " Oh, no, it is that makes me ill !" he exclaimed. " I have been looking at the picture, Victorine." "I guessed as much," said Victorine. But we will not talk of the picture now. I want you to admire my bouquet. Soon, I shall put it on this stand where you can lie and look at it." " Thanks, dearest, you are my better angel," said he. " But do let me tell you. It will relieve my mind. Viotorino, come here. I have seen her again." Victorine stood beside him, and her face looked ghastly pale. " Ah, I see you are alarmed," continued Arthur ; " but it is a real solemn feet. I have seen her again." He related the whole story, and by the time he had finished Viotorino had sufficiently recovered herself to say, calmly, "I can only repeat what I said before and this illness con- vinced me I am right. I would have you send away that picture" Arthur was silent for a few minutes, then said, as if making a great effort, " Yes, Victo- mine, I will try to send away that picture." Viotorino's eyes sparkled with joy. " But if, when the picture is gone," continued Arthur, with a melancholy smile, " if ever thou I should see her?" "That is not likely to happen," said Victo- rise quickly ; " the spell would be broken." Arthur shook his head. "Then I would have you go abroad," said Viotorino. "Not without you, Victorine," he replied. "I will go with you wherever you please," said Viotorino, with an irresistible tenderness in her tone and manner. "DcnroBt Victorine! I am cured only by looking at you," said Arthur. " Your face is so kind and BO calm. I am afraid my vagaries will weary you." "No, no, Arthur, you are more likely to weary of me, and go roaming after your god loss," said Viotorino, smiling. "But I will run the risk of that." " Especially as she is dead," returned Arthur, with cmpbuBis. The remembrance of this fact comforted Vio- torino greatly. CHAPTER X. I worn you will excuse the observation, Grace ; but when we go to places of amusement, it would be as well if you did not care about you quite so much. It is not usual in a certain rank of life." Victorine, for it was she who spoke, was bending over her embroidery frame, in Mrs. Formers' drawing-room, and Grace, who never could be made to regard the proprieties of time and place, was mending a stocking, a heap of the same lying before her. Arthur was now quite recovered from his illness, and he and Grace were paying the promised TABLE to Chester Square. "I stars about me because I have never seen the things before, and I want to look at them," replied Grace, bluntly. " It is very natural," continued Viotorino ; " but it looks countrified. Well- bred persons are supposed to have seen everything before. It is a crime not to have done so in the fashion able world." " I never was in the fashion, thank goodness !" cried Grace, biting off the ends of cotton, " and I do not want to be either. What is the good of coming to London, if one may not look about one?" Viotorino slightly shrugged her shoulders. " And another thing," he continued, " the popular feeling here is against a violent mixture of colors. If I were a blue gown, I would dispense with a cherry colored jacket, It is an outrage against taste ; Arthur would tell you so." " Arthur ! What does he know of colors ? It is the jacket I made myself, and I mean to wear it, in spite of everybody," said Grace, stoutly. " And I should not talk so much of making things yourself, if I were you," purBUod Victorine ; " young ladies, in good sOciety, do not generally make their own dresses. I should keep that accomplishment in the background." " I wonder what young ladies in good society do do ?" retorted Grace, rudely. " Nothing but idle their time away over bits of embroidery and muslin work. They do not even keep their houses clean," she added, glancing round the room. Victorine raised her handsome eyebrows in token of disdain, but she made no reply, and went on with her embroidery. It was foolish even to attempt arguing with Grace. Grace felt angry at being found fault with, and in order to revenge herself, sat mending stockings through a whole bevy of fashionable callers, let out everything she ought to have concealed, talked of dressmaking, and washing, and iron- ing, and pickling, and preserving in fact, made herself so odious that Victoria's politeness could hardly carry her through. Then, at soon as the visitors were gone, Grace, who was in a thoroughly tormenting humor, went to harass Arthur, who was painting in the library, about the state of things, the goings-on in that house She never saw such a place in her whole life, never ' It was shamefully dirty. The rooms not a quarter swept; the carpets not taken up from year's end to year's end ' She knew, though Arthur did not, that the curtains to his bed were smothered with dust. What those lazy, good for-nothing Borvonts did, she could not imagine. And as for Victo- mine-" "Come, come, Grace' that is quite enough, and more than enough," said Arthur ; " I do not wish to hear another word " " But you shall hear it" said Grace. " It is quite right you should know what sort of a woman you are going to marry.") " Grace-" began Arthur. " And that she knows nothing of housekeeping the least bit in the world," said his sister and is as-" "Grace" he said again " Dirty and untidy behind the scenes." Grace '" This was was loud and angry. " As any shot in the three kingdoms" " Grace, leave the room this instant !" said Arthur, and he rose, and striding to the door, held it open for her. He was in his wrathful mood, and sho dared not resist him Out eba flounced, resolved to pay him off, and Victorine too, by going with them to the opera that night, arrayed in all the colors of the rainbow, and staring about her twice as much as over But Arthur was never to be trifled with. He was always a match, and more than a match, (or Grace. He would not allow it and just as they were ready to start, he laid his hand on her shoulder. "Victoria," said he, "will you be kind enough to make Grace fit to be seen in so Grace had to submit, and to have all her rainbow finery taken off, and to be dressed in simple white, with jessamine in her hair. She raged inwardly , but Arthur, the brother, was gone, and that other Arthur had come back, UB he always did under extreme provocation, cold, stern, and unyielding Grace knew better than to fight the battle out with him, so she husbanded for revenge for another time But she could start about her. That small piece of mallee was still in her power, and her great round 630 wandered here and there, and took strange liberties with the grandees in the neighboring boxes Then she was always an - ing in a loud whisper to Viotorino, " Who is that woman there in pink ?" " For goodness sake, Grace, IIUBII ' or she will hear you said Viotouno. "It is the Honorable Mrs. Dawson " " Oh," said Grace, " and is that man with her her husband ?" But Grace had, by and by, something else to think about. About the middle of the evening, there was rather a commotion behind her, and a young man entered the box. He was dressed in the height of the fashion HIS white handkerchief Scented with musk until the very air was redolent of it, his spj gluBB in his eye, and his whole appearance that of a consummate dandy " MISB Ferrars! most delighted! charities' I happy !" And he put out a small, white, i jewelled hand. " Found you at last. Nothing could be more agreeable Friends of yours, oil ?" and he looked coolly at Grace and Arthur through the eye glass. " Friends from the country, my lord," replied Victorine, making room for him to sit beside her "Oh, indeed' costly ! ah' most charmed ' delighted !" And he smiled benignly at Arthur, who returned his civility very coldly and with an inward ejaculation of " What a con- founded puppy!" This might be the young nobleman Victorine had told him of, and the thought jarred upon his feelings. " Arthur," whispered Grace, very much excited, and clutching him by the arm, " that is a lord, that is!" and she pointed towards the new comer. " Silence, Grace '" said Arthur, sternly "But it is," persisted Gaaco ; "Victorine said so, and only see how she is going on with him, I would look sharp after her, if I were you. Perhaps she will tell you." " Arthur," said Victorine, " allow me to introduce Lord Wilcox. Lord Wilcox, Mr LOBÎIO." " Most happy to make your acquaintance, Mr Leslie," said the dandy, showing his white teeth, that glistened like a row of pearls. Arthur bowed instantly, and then turned away, as if he meant to give his whole attention to what was going on upon the stage. It was " Norma," one of his favorite operas He had heard it many times before, but could never weary of its deep, passionate, thrilling pathos It would have absorbed his whole attention now if he had not been placed in circumstances so utterly detracting. It was evident that Victorine and Lord Wilcox wore on excellent terms with each other Victorine looked provokingly handsome, and she made herself remarkably agreeable more agreeable Arthur thought, than there was the least necessity for What was Lord Wilcox to Arthur Loaho's affianced bride? Nothing whatever. And you how she smiles at him, and how witty and brilliant she is ! Why need she have put on that becoming dress to night, of all others ? She did not the last time they were here. Confound him, how he stares at her through his eye glass I How he admires her How he whispers in her ear. They need not keep up that horrid chattering. They need not put their heads SO close together. How hot the place is, to be sure' Arthur bates this flutter of feathers and laces-this congregation of fops and fools No one thinks of rationally listening to the music. That would be too unfashionable ' So those geese must cackle, and those peacocks show their feathers. Arthur was getting horribly jealous, quite into an excited state of mind, the more so as Victo- rine took no notice of his hire, but let him enjoy them entirely to himself. Grace, as usual, made matters worse by putting a finger in the pro. She was constantly whispering, "Only look, Arthur! Well, I never! I wonder what will come next." * " I am quite sure Victorine means to marry him. A lord is a lord you know, Arthur." A I should not like it if I were you. Everybody will say she and Lord Wilcox are going to make a match of it. Look at her now, Arthur!" But Arthur did not look, and did not hear. Another object had proton tod itself before him. In one of the boxes, not far off, there seemed to rise up, as if by magic, to strange and unlocked for was the apparition, a tall majestic figure and the sight of a magnificent face, and I tresses of golden hair, caused a tremor to run through his whole frame. He turned ghastly pale. He held his breath in wonder. His eyes were riveted on the spot. Strange that this I dead Constance should be ever at his side, that the tomb should be so slight a barrier. Behold i her in all her beauty ! It is she herself She whose image has never departed from his memory, whom he has loved deeply, pas Bionatoly, hopelessly. Lot too gay scene flutter before him let the rich music pour its swelling notes, for the delineation of human passion and human woe go forward, lot Victorine trifle as she will, and Grace fling her clumsy arrows, it matters nothing. He is looking on his idol lue Juno There is no one present with him but Constance The place is empty of aught but her, and her beauty fills it most entirely. He longs to reach her. He would stretch out his arms to her, but he feels paralysed He would call to her, but his voice would not be heard he prays that the vision may last. He would look upon that face for over-it is so glorious! Alua ' another moment, and it is not there. It huB departed, just as it did before, and he is left alone and desolate. There is nothing of into rest here now she is gone. The place is a solitude It is intolerable, He will go out, and he rose up, and under the plea of fatigue, the result of weaknesS after his recent illness, left the house. It was late before the party returned, and Victorine went at once to the library in search of Arthur. He was pacing up and down, almost in a state of delirium. She closed the door, and came and stood before him. "What is the matter, Arthur ? Are you ill ?" " I have seen here have seen her he owed, passionately It is no delusion she was there'" Victorine started, and gave a slight shudder " Her glorious face, and hair like an angel's, rose up before me," he continued ; " then, as it always does, the vision failed just when it was most bountiful. 1 followed, thinking to find her. Oh, foot' When she was no reality, but a phantom ' Victorine, I am mad '" " Come and sit down, auld Viotonuo, " and let me reason with you I tell you I saw her, IIB I might see you I am past reasoning with She must live ! She must live'" cried Arthur, passionately. " Hush, hush, Arthur, you are nupiouB," Bind Victorine " No, not impious, but despairing," he replied " I tell you she lives she was there Can spirit wear the garb of mortality is also dull; Are their eyes bright, and their lips vermillion? day they live, and walk, and breathe, and go out and come in amongst us, and be of us ? Thou, if they cannot, Constance is no phantom, but a I reality. " You saw her tomb, and the old man told you BhowuBdoad," said Viotorino, calmly , the proofs of her death are too obstinate to be ever come. The wealth of a world could not bring her back." " Ah, I know what you would say," returned Arthur. You give me no hope. You are re- morsolcsB, Victorino-remorseless as the very grave!" " From my heart I pity you," said Victorine, " I would bring her back if I could, even at the pin cause of my life's happiness You forgot she added, with a mixture of pride and tender- ness that became her admirably, " you forgot she is my rival.' " Victorine, bear with me," said Arthur, ton dry. This phantom tamper with my reason It mocliB me like a fiend Moreover, it brings delirium with it. Can you forgive me?" he said, and he held out his hand. She took his cold trembling hands, and chased them in hers "For your own sake, Arthur, cannot you shake off this delusion ?" said Viotorino, " Cannot your strong will hold it in check ?" " I have tried, but it comes and comes again," he replied. " Did it not flash upon me in the churchyard, then in my very chamber, and now in that crowded assembly The strength of a nation would not keep it back." " You must do as I advised, and try change of scene, said Viotorino. " What would that avail he cried. She has an angel's wing, and would follow me from shore to shore Her very beauty has undone in " Be calm, Arthur. You have ventured into the world too soon," said Viotorino. " This is a physical derangement, and will only yield to returning strength. You must got strength bodily strength, I mean." " How can I ?" he asked, " when my mind is broken in upon by this phantom, lovely, but terrible ?" "You are young, Arthur," said Viotorino, " and youth can live down many an enemy. This phantom will be left behind presently, and we shall get into a Borenor atmosphere Let me, at least, advise one remedy rest, sloop, it is almost daylight." " I cannot sleep," he replied ; " it is folly to think of sheep to-night." "Lie down, at all events," said Victorine, " and I will sing to you." " But you want roat," said he. Sheep would come to you. There would be no phantom to drive it away." "There are anxious thoughts that would," she replied. Besides, I am not sure. I would rather sing than sleep." Arthur did not oppose her. She placed cushion under his aching head, and then sat down beside him, just as she was, in her white dress, and the jewels in her hair. Her voice was wonderfully sweet, no Byron's could be sweeter. And she sang some verses of a German ballad The water rushed, the water swelled, the fisher Bat thereby ; Cold and cruel his heart within, with keen and cautious eye ; His angel and bait in the waves he cast, and watched there quietly. Silent he sits and lies in wait when lo ! with Sudden might The restless flood divides amain, forth starts a lady bright ; All dripping from the foaming tide, she rises before his Bight. To him she spoke, to him She sang, " Whcroforo dost thou decoy My bread SO dear, and their small lives with craft of man destroy ? Ah! knowest thou this little fish, how happy in the sea, The great deep sea, he sporton now, thou wouldst descend with me. Do not the moon and the dear tun refresh themselves alway, And longing, turn their faces bright to where my waters play ? Allures then not this azure sky within the ocean blue, And thine own aspect, strangely given, in the eternal dew ?" The water rushed, the water swelled, it touched his naked feet ; His heart overflowed with music, and with her singing sweet, As though his distant dear one he did fondly street. She spoke to him, she sang to him, she told her life away I Half drew sho him, half sank he then, within the foaming spray, And in her cold embrace the fisher passed away Victorine had won the game, and was determined she would not be baffled by a phantom. The next day, and the next, Arthur kept his room, and Victorine devoted herself to him with the same affectionate tenderness that she had done before She moved about with the same noiseless tread, and her presence had the same tranquilliBing effect Arthur's nerves were shattered, his mind unhinged, it seemed doubtful what the result of those reported attacks would be, and yet to ward them off was impossible Who could guard him from a spectre ? Constance was a more potent enemy than Victoria. land dreamed of, but she disputed the ground inch by inch she redoubled her exertions, and taxed her powers to the very utmost to bring his mind into some degree of calmness. " You take a great deal of trouble, Victorine," said her mother to her one day-labour Arthur I mean I should advise him to consult a physician Dr Boudlor for instance and see what can be done " " That is just what I have been saying to him," replied Viotorino, " but he sets doctors at defiance He is decidedly better, if the paroxysm, or whatever you choose to call it, does not return " " If he goes on in this way it will Poisonous matter, Viotorino You had better think a little," stud Mrs Ferrars, anxiously I am thinking every step of the way, mamma," replied Victorine " Well, my dear," continued her mother, " of course you know your own affairs boat I have no wish to interfere, but, considering the uncertainty of poor dear Arthur's health, I would not let the world look upon your engagement to him as a settled thing It would be so in pleasant afterwards Do you not think so ?" " Exceedingly unpleasant, mamma," said Viotorino " Well, my dear," continued Mrs Ferrars, " as far as poor dear Arthur is concerned, we know he is the very soul of honor and upright- ness , but with this terrible malady or whatever else it may be, it is not possible to rely upon him, IIB if he were in a sounder state of health Unit in my mind, is a sad drawback to your happiness Has it never occurred to you ?" " The time is not come far it to occur to me mamma," said Victorine, smiling coldly It was a Birnie that, like a deadly blight, seemed to wither her beauty Her face did not look the same with that smile upon it Another moment, and she was by Arthur's side, all soft nose and serenity Arthur was lying on the sofa in the drawing room, he suited to have Victorine out of his eight, and felt childishly impatient for her to come back He was getting quite a tyrant in his way, and IIB exigent UB he could be For hugs his uiiroiiBonablonosB grow withindulgonco. He was potted like a child, and was becoming fully UB capricious " I want you to sing to me again, Victorine," said he, half pettishly. "With all my heart," she replied. "But what shall it be?" " Anything you like," said Arthur, " provided it is sweet and plaintive " She sat down and sang, and when she gave over he asked her to sing again, and she sang again without the first appearance of effort or fatigue [TO THE IOMINUBI) 