A MINING ANECDOTE. (Communicated to the Darling Down# Gazette.) MAST years ago I (the present -writer) -visited the Bendigo gold fields. It was a wild place, and harboured men of the heterogeneous sort. I knew there a mid dle-aged captain of that crack regiment, the 52nd Light Infantry. He worked at the puddling tub like a man, but could never manage to secure more than a few penny weights a day. I knew also one of Sir Isambert Brunell's favourite engi neers, who worked in slush from sunrise to sunset, but he did somewhat better tli an the former. I met there one who had been a dashing Cornet of Hussars, and whom I had last seen on guard about Her Majesty's person in a provincial town. He also worked like a Briton, and succeeded better than either. But the most singular man I ever came across, amid the wondrouB mass of gentle men, thieves, bushrangers, prize-fighters, Yankee rowdies, runaway sailors, &c.;, was a quiet self-possessed individual of about five-and-thlrty years of age, who worked in a hole near mine. He worked alone, and lived in a marquee (or circular tent) by himself. Although we were all day long within a few yards of each other, and although we were surrounded on all sides by busy hands, I never knew him to speak to mortal except in answer to some question. His answers, however, were always given with such a finished courtesy, and in an accent so refined, and withal so devoid of semi-fashionable ped antry, that it was easy to see he was a man perfectly familiar with the tone of the best society. The first time of our exchanging speech was when I was in a position so ludicrous that I cannot help, even at the present day, feeling annoy ance at the recollection. I was hurrying over the gully without much circumspection, when all at once the apparently solid ground gave way be neath my feet, and I sunk nearly to the arm pits in a mass of stuff about the con sistency of mortar, which had been flung into an old hole. In an instant my dis gusted ears were assailed by peals of de moniac laughter from a great number of the diggers who witnessed the accident, but not one offered me the slightest aid, although I called out to them that I was still sinking, and that I should soon be smothered. At length I saw my reserved neighbour approaching rapidly in my di rection. He assisted me out of the slough of despond, and from that day we always spoke. Not much, however; he was most reti cent, and he never asked me to his mar quee. One day (Monday) he did not ap pear at his claim. The next day he was still absent, and I was strongly inclined to see what was the matter, but diffidence prevailed and I abstained from visiting him. At an early hour on the third day, however, I could no longer refrain; I went to his lonely marquee and found the canvas door securely tied. " Hilloa, mate," I called out, " are you living or dead ?" "Come in," said a feeble voice. I passed my hand in, undid the fastening, and entered. My unknown friend was lying on his stretcher with a bloody ban dage round his head. He looked pallid as a ghost, and I thought he was dying, for there was that sad flickering light in his dark eyes that, young as I was, I had had the misfortune to witness on several dreadful occasions. I seized an empty quart pet, rushed to a neighbouring wa terhole, filled the vessel, and poured some blessed drops down his parched throat. After a few seconds he revived wonder fully. He stretched out his weak hand, felt for mine, pressed it, and with inex pressible sweetness he whispered, " I was sure you would come, and this kept me alive." " But," said I, " in God's name what is this ? "What is wrong with your head ?" He strove to undo the bandage. I as sisted him, and a ghastly wound was re vealed near the base of the skull. " Merciful Heaven!'' I exclaimed, " this is murder. I'll go at once for Dr. Owen, and ' bring the Commissioner too ;' I shan't be twenty minutes." But his fingers grasped me strongly, and his voice rose to a pitch of agony. " Do not stir, do not stir," he said ; "if you go it will be you who are my murderer. Sit down, I implore you." I did sit down, and he kept my hand in his for a long time, until, as I thought, he had dropped off asleep. But the instant I moved his watchful eyes were upon me, so I con tinued for some hours by his side. _ At length he said, with earnest expres sion, " I know ^our name's B ; call me Herbert if you like. Can you stay with me for a day or two?" "Can you think I would leave you in this state ?" said I, " but why not have the doctor ?" " I was in the Hungarian Campaign," he replied, " with my friend Czerney, and I saw some service. The best and only treatment for wounds dealt by a sharp instrument is cold water." " For wounds dealt by a sharp instrument V' I ex claimed, rising hastily ; " then it was an attempted murder?" "Yes, B ," said he, "it was. A fearful case, too, but I ask you not to enquire into it. Let me assure you that much evil and no possible good might follow if I told you the mystery." " Be it as you will," I re plied, " you are in a dangerous position, and, unless you become worse, I will obey you." "I shall get well," he said, " I am confidant of that j but, as acci dents may occur, let me make you my confident in a small matter. Under the left top of the stretcher there is a hole in which I have placed the gold ; should a certain accident occur, you will take it, pay yourself all expenses (don't be angry), and send the proceeds of the rest to an address which I shall give you sealed." Within a week the cold water worked marvels. Within a fortnight he was mov ing about. I had meanwhile frequently visited my claim, which was turning out well. One afternoon I was closely in specting the results of our "cradling," when a deep voice sang out, " Good day, mate!" I looked up and saw a num whom I hated at a glance. He was a ta.11^ lean, dark-complexioned fellow, without a hair upon his face, and with a black lour ing expression in his eye. "Good day," said I. " Whose hole is this ?" he asked. " My mate's," said I (it was Herbert's hole.) " He's not working it," said he ; " is he ill ?" I looked at him, and by heaven I felt in my soul that Her bert's enemy stood before me ! " Yes, he's ill," I said; " he lives up there; you don't want to jump this hole, do you ?" " Where does he live ?" said the fellow ; but I saw his wicked eye glancing straight at the marquee. "If you wish I'll take ycflfio him," I replied, for I felt a strong curiosity to flee the matter out. "Not at all," said the other, hastily. " Good day!" And he went away. That evening Herbert and I were smoking onr short meerschaums in his tent when he suddenly said, putting his hand upon my shoulder, " I am going off to- morrow, and I suppose we shall never meet again; I need not say how I thank you for ? your wonderful kindness to a stranger." "Impossible," said I, "you are not well enougli; besides, how can you travel?" "I bought a horse to-day," he replied, " and lodged my gold (it's a tidy pile) in the Commissioner's tent. The escort is to leave here in the morn ing. And now," he continued with emo tion, "do not think me ungrateful in not taking you into my confidence. As you hinted to me the other day, I have a bit ter and relentless enemy. Perhaps the injury I did him made him justly so. I leave this place not through personal fear, but to prevent him doing that which would bring him to a disgraceful end. There are queer romances in a life. Mine is one of them, but it is locked in my own breast. What would you like to retain of me as a keepsake ?" " That photograph," said I. "Not for the world," he replied, " it might serve you as a clue to future discoveries (don't be angry again). I shall write to you when I reach Melbourne." Next morning I went a couple of miles with him, and, after we had said farewell, I watched him long and wistfully as he slowly threaded the forest- path. I never felt so lonely in my life as when I saw him vanish from my sight. As I turned to go back I was suddenly met by the man who had accosted me the day before. " Is your mate better ?" said he. " What the devil do you ask me that for 1 Couldn't you call and see him yourself V' " Oh ! is that how the cat jumps ?" said the fel low, with a sneejj "we are high and mighty to- day.''* "Look here," said I, " I want nothing to do with you. Pass on." " I tell you what, my fine fellow," said he, " for less than haft your cheek I have doubled up some better men than you." " Yes, with the tomahawk, I suppose," said I, with a rapidity that could only have sprung from intuition. In the whole course of my life I never saw such a transformation in mortal man. He stood straight before me like a maniac, his eyes staring horribly. Then he raised his two hands clenched to his face, and uttered the most appalling curse that human lips could pronounce. I thought he was going to spring at me, but the bent of his thoughts changed ; he darted down a declivity at my left, and was soon out of view. In a short time I received a letter and packet from Herbertj enclosing a silver cased tobacco-pipe, with my coat of arms engraven upon it. He informed me that he was juBt about to embark for home, but no list of passengers for many a day contained the name of Herbert. I am, therefore, entirely in the dark respecting his fate, although, during the lapse of many years, I have tried to solve the mystery, and I have sometimes thought I was on the eve of accomplishing that feat. 