CHAPTER X. Hawksley, the least excited of the two, turned and looked at him. " How do you know that ?" he asked. "I know more than you think," said Duke, still excited. "You found her married to Sir Vane Charteris. The lady you saw in your vision was Miss Olivia Lyndlth ; and on that very night-the 25th of last month-i saw, and heard in reality what YOU saw and heard in that singular vision." Robert Hawksley waa fully aroused now. He had told his story, dreamily, as much to himself as to Duke. His tanned face flushed deep rea as he JOB«. " What are you saying," he said, hoarsely. " You would nut dare to trifle with me-" *' Bit down-sit down !" Duke interrupted. "Lil tell you the whole affair. It's the strangest, the moBt wonderful thing that ever was heard of. Good gracious ! what would Rosanna say ?" Then Duke Mason, with breathless volubility, quite unlike himself, poured into the listener's ear the story of the night of the twenty-fifth of March -every word he had heard, all he had seen, up to the moment of Geoffrey Lyndith's appearance St the waiting-room of the Speckhaven Station. " And now 1" he concluded, out of breath, and glowing with triumph, " what do you think of that ? Are you satisfied now that she always loved you always was true to you ?" The darkness hid the marble pallor that had fallen once more on Hawksley's face. Only the tremor in his voice betokened what he felt, when he answered ; ? J- l.l.ll I ! , MHI } .IMWHU .l^h^»Wli,Wy..*M1 " I don t think I ever reall} doubted it-no, not when I saw her at the altar with that man when I listened to her uncle's falsehoods Ma} Heaven's blight fall upon bim' M} darling' my darling *" His voice broke, he put one hand up over lus face, e\eu ni the daikness Tora moment dead silence fell Mi Ma=on, not u»ed to this sort of strong emotion oft the stigeof the Bntanma, felt exceedingly un comfortable Hiwksle} broke the silence, and looked up. " I beg } our pardon," he said qtuetl}, in his usual tone, "will } eu tell me what argument her uncle used to induce her to yield, and go with him ?* lou say she defied him at first, and was resolutely bent on going with }ou" ' ¡she was," Duke said " It puzzled me for the time, but I think I have hit on a solution of the mystery now I did not hear wlnt he said to her after the first moment, but there is a sequel tu my story of that eventful night, which to my mind lights up ever}thing " Then Duke went backward, and told that little episode of June one year and nine months before, when Dr Worth had been routed out in the rain, to assist at the birth of a baby-girl, at Lyndith Grange Once more Robert Lisle st irted erect, and eager to listen. He remembeied the words Geoffrey Lyn- dith had let fall of a child that had died on the day of its birth " My opinion is,' Duke said, " that old fluke of an uncle abducted the child, and kept it from her all along, and on that night, m the waiting-room, promised to give it up to her if she would consent bhe thought you dead, she would sacrifice anything, like most mothers, for her baby, and she consented for its sake. And," continued Duke, in a perfect burst of triumph, " that child « ni the next room m " In the next room >" Mr Lisle could but just repeat " In the next room '" And once again Duke began-there seemed no end to the stor} telling-and related the receipt of Oin la's note, and how singularly on her wedding morning, she had given the child to his care " There can be no doubt whatever about it," Duke said, " it is the same child of Dr. Worth's tale, and }our wife was the mysterious lady. She told me plainly the child was hers, and to make assurance doubly sure, it has a locket with your picture and hair round its neck My sister recognised the like- ness this morning, and spoke to me about it. You saw the child half-a-dozen tunes to-day-your's beyond the shadow of a doubt. Its paternity is written in its eyes " There was still another pause. Duke got up and lit the lamp-he avoided these blanks m the con- versation. " I'll fetch Polly in, if }ou like-she calls herself Poll}-that is, if she's not asleep " But Polly was aBleep, and not for a regiment of fathers would Rosanna ha\ e her disturbed She was reading Blair'a Sermons, by a solitary dip, in the kitchen, and looked about as placable and yielding as a granite Medusa. " As Mr Hawksley has waited so long, I dare say he can wait until morning," was her grim reply, as she went back to Blair's Sermons " Your sister is right," Mr Hawksley said He was white as marble, and looked almost as cold. " I will see the child to-morrow, to say good-by " " Good-by ' Then you mean to leave England-to give up all claim to-" " Lady Charteris," te spoke the name quite calmly, quite coldly, " is out of England by this time-on the first stage of her bridal tour to Italy For her sake I once gave up name, character, and my native land, for her sake I make a greater sacrifice now. I give up herself. Think, for a moment, of all that is involved in my coming forward and claiming her. I break her heart, I blight ber life, and in the moment we meet, we are tom apart I to stand my tnal as a thief I am innocent, but I cannot piove it It is the old struggle of might against right As it is, she may learn to forget, happiness and peace may come to her 1 cannot make her the tali of England I can't drag the stoiy of her girlish indiscretion before the world. She will cease to think of me, and I-" He clenched his hands, and great drops stood on his pallid face. " May God keep me from a suicide's cowardly end .* His folded arms lay on the table, his head fell for- ward upon them. So Duke Mason, with bated breath, and a great compassion in his heart, left him *»#*»?»*» The morning came, gray and overcast. A London fog had set in, and a sky like brown paper frowned down on the smoky city. But little Polly, in her blue silk dress, bronze boots, and her golden locket, and flaxen ringlets, looked sunshiny enough to light up the whole parish of Bloomsbury herself. The Btrange gentleman, with the blue eyes so like her own, and tawny beard, took her in his arms, and looked into her small face, and Polly, who flouted Duke and Rosanna as haughtily as though she had been Czarina of all the Russiss, " took to him" m a wnj that was quite amazing. She kissed his bearded lip«, let him look at her locket, told him her name was Pollj, and that " Dozy" was " alt gone away." " I suppose her name is Mary," Duke suggested, "and she rails herself Polly for short." "Her name is Paulina" Mr. Hawksley said quietly. " I am quite certain of it. Pauline was the name of-ot her maternal grandmother, and of her mother's twin sister-an old family name among the Lynditbs This child's name is Pauline Lisle I took my mother's came in America, and shall keep it. Let her grow up as Mason, keep her with you always, unless her mother should claim her. Her right is alwaj s first, and most sacred " He kissed the child jearmngly, wistfully, and put her down Half an hour later, and he had left Half Moon Terrace forever " The ' Land of Columbia' leaves again to-morrow," he said to Duke , " I shall return by her." They shook hands and parted, with no more words» and the scene-painter went to the Britannia. He was not sentimental nor imaginative in any way, but, all that day, and for many days, the pale face and dark eyes of Robert Hawksley haunted him like a ghost The " Land of Columbia" sailed on Tues- day morning. On Tuesday night there came a letter to Half-Moon Terrace, addressed to Duke. A cheque for five hundred pounds fell out when he opened it, and he read these lines - " Yon spoke of wishing to uve enough to purchase for your- self a home in Speckhaven where von said there waa a better opening for you than in London It is my desire that you should do so at once for my ohild a sake Once a year I will write to you, and yon to me, telling me ol her progress and welfare I go to moke a fortune for her, please God, my daughter shall be an heiress before whom those who scorn her now shall yet bow down Let her grow up as your own-in utter Ignorance of her own story If I live I may one day return to England, and to her ? If I die, be her lather in my stead *' ROBERT HAWKStEr." And so the first chapter in little Polly's strange history was read and ended, and strange though it was, only destined to be the prelude to a still stranger history to come. 