PnoTrOTION, DIrEoT TAXATION, AND Co?n?nEROIAL SuPREMAcY.-T''h Melbourne Argue has boon as determined an opponent of protootion no oursnelvoo, and never fails to point out with considerablo foreo the eolfish and absurd obaractor of the policy. In Fri lday'e issue of that journal, we road:--" The Sydney Morning Hforald gives consideorable prominence to a suggestion which might oocasion som ,uneasiness in this eplony if its inhabitants could bring themselvoes to boliovo that the people of Now South Wales, anti more partioularly the moneyed classes, wore gifted with the far.sighted patriotism, the politioal diecoornment, and the public spirit which would qualify them to not upon it. We are taunted with a desire to extend our dominion, and to advance Melbourne to--would it not bo more correct to say, to maintain Melbourne in ?. the position of the capital of Auotralio. For those reasons, it is argued, we are tapping ltivorina by meoan of i couple of railroads, and are bent upon maling Hobson's Ilay the terminus of the Suezo mail service, and are oeduloutly flaunting Melbourne in the eyes of England,' And how iu this ambitioue and aggrandizing polioy on our part to be counter actod and defeated by our neighbours in New South Wales? The how 'is plain as way to parish church.' It is as follows : 'There never was a time when government had it more in their power to make a bold and successful stand, re-adjust our taxation, untrammel trade, open our ports, break the shackles which fetter industry, and set the people free-each man to do the utmost for himself and his neighbour. To appreciate the effect of this requires a visit to England, there to see what free-trade has done for her within the last few years. Nothing has vexed the mother.country more with these colonies than their short-sighted fiscal policy, and nothing would more delight her than to see any of them breaking clear from it. Let New South Walos do so, and she will take position in the eyes of England far in advance of her com peers, Let us proclaim to the world that we welcome all to do business with us-free to store or remove their goods, free to sell or to buy-and ships and trade will flock to our harbour, and immigrants flow in upon us.' What the writer says is indisputable; and our security against a dangerous rivalry of this kind lies in the selfishness of the higher and theignoranooe of the lower classes in New South Wales. The former are averse to direct taxation, and the latter hinker after protection. But the devotees of this mis chievous and delusive doctrine in this colony should remember that so long as our fiscal policy continues to be what it is, we hold our commercial supremacy, and with it muoh of our prosperity, upon a most precarious tenure. If Sydney should over be made a free port, we might turn some of our palatial warehouses into refuges for the dostitute."-[Thl Syd ney "Iorald has just awoke to the importance of what has been advocated by the Goulburn Herald for several years past.] TtrE OAIBERWErLL GnnOST .- At the Surrey sessions on the 11tit December, Maria IIorgan, nineteen, described as a servant, was indicted for stealing a watch and ohain, the property of William Wells, at Camberwell. It appeared from the evidence of James Ham, a detective sergeant of the P Division, that for some weeks a great deal of excitement had boon caused in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's house, No. 185, Oamborwell road, by a report that a ghost was committing all sorts of damage. Flower-pots were thrown about, trees damaged, and persons struck with various missiles, without the origin of the mischief being discovered. Detectives Put look and Nevillo were engaged to detect the perpetrator of those dangerous freaks, and on Monday, the 18th ultimo, they went to the proseoutor's house, when they ascertained that the mother of the latter had just been struck by a broken flower-pot, and cut on the arm. A vine was also out down, and a water- butt overturned. They saw the prisoner in a very excited state, and she showed them a bruise on the forehead; which she said had been inflicted by a man she found in the wash. house. The' offieoor searched the place, but failed to find any trace of a man. During the time they were searching the place flower-pots were thrown about in a most mysterious manner, and then the prisoner screamed out, and begged to be allowed to leave the house, as she was afraid to stop. Just at that time a watch and chain were missed from the breakfast-room, and the doe teotives having a suspicion about the prisoner's conduot, followed her upstairs. She ran into a bedroom, followed by the offioers, who. found the watch and chain oonooaled in the bed. They took her into custody. Martha Platt, a girl in prosnoutor's employ, said that on the Sunday evening previous the prisoner came to her and said, "I must do something to make missus believe somebody has got into the house." The prisoner then opened the kitchen window, as though it had been forced, and told witness to scream out and call for the young master. Witness went upstairs and called him, and a little while afterwards the prisoner told her not to say anything about what was done, and to throw some flower pots out so as to alarm the house. She, however, declined to do so. On Monday the prisoner said, "I must do something else to makemissus think a man is in the place," and then, taking up the head of a broomstick, struck herself several heavy blows on the forehead, causing bruises. She afterwards struck herself with a flower-pot and out her forehead. Shortly afterwards she rushed in from the washhouse soreaming, and said a man concealed there had struck her. The proseoutor said the prisoner had only been in his service six weeks, and for the last fort. night great damage had boon done by flower pots and other missiles being thrown about, The whole neighbourhood had been thrown into alarm by freaks of the ghost. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and the deputy chairman sentenced her to twelve months' hard labour. A Orvan Dvro.--Thero esoneoms to exist in the human mind a strong temptation to cheat custom houses, and manifold are tihe doevios to arrive at this desirable issue. We hear of ladies lining their eorsets with laoo, securing it in the hems of their dresses, or converting it for the time being into stuffing for chignone. Now aud then thero are trunks with falso bottoms, and bottles at taohod to the waist, and worn pranoier fialshlion. Oigars are paoltked in book boxeo, stroppod in railway rugs, or made up in hampeors withl other tlhing outsido. All thlose little gamesnon have, however, boon far distancoed by a kInowing porsonago, who wvill be a caution in future. For some montho the oemployoee of the octroi, or oity toll of the Porto Vaugirard of Parie, observed every ovening ait Ltiglrtfaill an ologant dog- cart, drivon by a gentleman of irropronachable toiltto. At thie backnoat a groom, with the most corroot pihysiognomy, his arms crossed oa his breasot, a stand-up collar, and looking au grnvo as a sicharge d' sfireaios in signing a troety. !lnho formal quesotion--" lhavo yot aniythintg to doelaro ? " was always annworod in the negativo, ansd the vohiolo ipacod onl. It happonoal, ho;w over, a day or two bIack, thlna; by come awk wardnoes on thie part of the driver, thIe cart caught on thie hoandasry of the road, andt, though it was not overturnedl, thie hoolk wasn no violoentand oo unddon tlat thIe geontlemaan, losing his bh.lanace, was flung out upon tihe groundl. lTheo oemployo aIt thie gato hInatoened to raise and asaisat the mlfeolor. Dlsring thisi tinme the groom had not movedl fiom n in oneat. " Como," said onee sf the mens. thie grooma proorvod a digniioed sailenooe. "CUomo down," crioed they angrily, "doan't yolt eoo youar mantor is hurt?" "Is he drunk or stupid ? " Tihe groom preserved ina EnglihI cang aiod, and the employee, giving him a shake, discovered, to their unutterable as tonishment; that he was made of zino and contained 150 litres of cognac. PRACTIOAL CIhnISTIANITY.- Mr. Spurgeon (tdie Nonconformist says) tells the following story of a servant.girl. When she was asked, "Are you converted; she replied, "I hope so, sir." " What makes you think that you are really a child of God ? " " Well, sir, there is a great change in Ins from what there used to be." " What is the change?" "I don't know, sir; but there is a change in all things. But there is one thing, I always sweep under the mats now." EFrEOTIVENESS OF WEAPONS OF , A. The Elberfield Gazette publishes some statistics on the comparative deadliness of the different weapons used in the Franico German war. Out of 3453 Germans wounded before Metz, no fewer than 95.5 per cent were struck by chassepot balls; 2.7 per cent. only were wounded by pro jectiles from heavy guns, and there were only 0.8 per cent. of wounds from cold'steel. As to the French wounded, it is calculated that as high a proportion as 25 perocent. were wounded by artillery projectiles; and about 70 per cent. by the fire of the zundnadolgowehr. No fewer than 25,000 Frenchmen in all were struck by the projectiles of the German artillery. ' This gives an average of onoeeffeotive selotin every thrlee fired from the German batteries, a result which appears to behardly credible. The losses in the different branches'of the German army are estimated as follows by the Gazette :-Of every 100 men put lore do combat, 90 per cent. were in the infantry, 5 per cent in the cavalry, and only 3 per cent. belonging to the artillery. The total number of cartridges fired by the Germans in the late war is said to havire lee 25,000,000, or about 30 per man. The war having lasted-for fighting purposes-just six months, this gives only an average, of five cartridges per man per month for the whole army. VISIT OF THE JAPANESE AMBASSAnOns TO TIE QUEEN.--The Japanese ambassadors visited the Queen at Windseor 'Castle, on Thursday afternoon. Tho embassy, on arriving at the Windsor station, were re oeived and conducted by the court officials to the castle in five carriages, three of which were drawn by four horses, with outriders in soarlet and gold, where a guard of honor of the 2nd Battalion of Grenadier Guards, con sisting of one hundred rank and file, with the band and Queen's colours, under the command of 0 lonel Oustanoo, was stationed in the Quadrangle. The weather was beau tifully fine, and large numbers of spectators were attracted to the station, and witnessed the procession to the castle, where the throne and reception-rooms had been prepared for the audience. A sumptuous lunohoon was served to the oliceors of the embassy in one of the state rooms. Her Majesty, surrounded by the royal suite and court officials, received the embassy soon after their arrival at the castle. The Yeomen of the Guard were on duty, and the reception was befitting the'oc casion. After the ceremony the embassy returned to London by special Great Western train. -Weekly Dispatch. MuDER AT LEEDS.,--A savage murder wasi committed at Leeds on Tuesday after noon by a young fellow named John Morris upon an elderly man named Peter Dooker. They were distant relatives,, and lived together in a low locality named Bhtok George-street. It is stated that Morris quarrelled with deceased's wife, and Dooker interfered, whereupon Morris furiously turned upon him, and beat him with a stick. After that he boat him with a poker, and at last he beat the old man fearfully with a stool. For some minutes before the police arrived the people crowded outside the door of the house and dared not enter, though they saw the savage work going on. The spectators in this way saw Morris astride Peter Docker on the floor and bolabouring him with tremendous force. This was after he had put aside the poker and stick. The people outside throw bricks at the ferocious man; but they had not the courage to do anything more. The mnurderor glared at them, exclaiming every now and thoun, " they wanted to poison me." 1Morris is now in custody. He appeared to be quite sober; but there was a strange wildness in his manner, and he had on his own head wounds which must have boon infliotod by a heavy instrument. Dooker died in the Leods Infirmary soon after being received there. Dooker'u wife has boon removed to the infirmary in a precarious stato, Morris having attacked her before he not upon the deceased. The prisoner was oexamined at the borough police court on Wednesday. When asked if he wishod to question the witnesses, kh dropped on hi knooes in the dock, bogging pardon, and saying he was subject to fits, and that when no attacked he did not know what he was about. The prisoner was remanded for a week, the magistrate giving notice to the gaol authorition that he was supposod to be in We learn from America that a short time sineoo, the operators in one of the 'Western Union Company's Now York officesoo weore somoewhat astonishod by the breaking out of a small conflagration undornoeath the floor in one cornor of the offlco. Water was imme diatoly broughlt and poured on it, without any apparent offeoot, and it finally becanmeo nooonoary to clut away the eurrounding wood work, which disolouod the faot that the fire was in a cable of cotton.covered wire, antu rated with paraffin, through which the lines ontored the office bonoeath the floor. From come canuseno--problably lighltuing-a conneoo tion had boon formed betweeoon two through lines attached to largo main hatteries at the gonorarl offieo, whilch wore connooetod with opposite polos to the ground. Two largo battorioo wore tlholn conneooted and thlrown in nshort cirouit, developing an intonuo heat, and notting fire to the inflammalblo parlaffi covering of thie wire. If this cingular oc currence lhad lhapenod iafteor thie cloning of thiu illnuo t, nlighi, 1{,ii iighst usst. uo iuliOed iu the dostrsotion of the building, and the ontso of thie fire would lhavo remarrined a mystory. Of courno nu accideont of this kind could hardly ihvo boon foreoono; but it noerves to point out the noooeoity of caution in rsuning wires uinder the poouliar condi tions desoncribod. Whon 'Thomintoolon went to Antlron, to do rmallld is loan o monery, ihe mid, I bring two golh with Ismo, I'oro and i Parlanidon." i- HIo .ns apritly snoweroel, " we ivce two stronger, Want islid Imlpocsibility." Calfornians are rejoiceod at the disoovoery of a spring near fLoarno Rivor, wl1ose watars have an inebriating eoffct. 