THE BIBLE VERIFIED BY ANCIENT MONUMENTS. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide delivered a lecture, oa Thursday evening, at Christchurch Schoolroom, North Adelaide, on this subject, in aiH f\f fhn fihrfst/Omrfih Dav-Sehnnl. Th« weather was rather inclement, and the atpen. dance was therefore not so numerous as might have been expected. The Venerable Arch deacon Man-vat was in the chair. Some music was given by a part of the choir of Christ church. His Lordship said :— i The Bible expressly and repeatedly claims to be the written Word of God, the authentic de pository of His revealed will. It professes to be written by men moved by the Holy Ghost. We have a right, therefore, to expect that not only its moral and spiritual teaching shall be free from error, but that the record shall be authentic when the sacred penmen profess to give the history of their times and country. , On the other hand, without a perpetual miracle, errors of copyists must be looked for; and in the notation of numerals by letters with dots espe cially, so as to. render numbers and chronology in the Old Testament semetimes uncertain or obscure. In spite, however, of the objections raised by sceptical criticism against ' the genuineness of some of the books of the Scriptures and authenticity of others, won derful are the material evidences to the truth of those very parts of Scripture, which, have been brought to light in this enquiring age. ' The temples and tombs, the pyramids and obelisks of Egypt, as well as those long- buried cities on the banks of the Tigris and Euphrates, have contributed their unexpected and unexcep tionable witness; while explorations in the Holy Land and Jerusalem, as well as Sinai and Arabia, have established beyond question the historic accuracy of the inspired writers. It is the pur pose of this lecture to set before you a succinct account of what modern discovery has done for the confirmation of the Inspired Book. Into questions connected with natural science I do not propose to enter. In this department more exact knowledge, together with more accurate translation of the Hebrew text, as also wider researches in ethnology, languages, geography, and natural history, have removed the grounds on which the inspiration of the sacred record was impugned. Thus fair enquiry has tended to strengthen the basis of our faith, and assured us that the Book of Nature and the Book of Grace are in strict accord— both inscribed by the same Almighty Hand. The first objection to the Mosaic Books, which the monuments of Egypt and Mesopotamia have entirely refuted, is the non-existence of the art of writing 15 centuries before the Christian era; that Moses, therefore, could not have written the Pentateuch which goes by his name. And as our Lord affirms to the Jews that Moses ' wrote of" Him, the objection affected equally the authenticity of the Old Testament and the inspiration of the New. The origin of spoken language is in Genesis attributed to Adam, who gave names to the animals brought to him by God; nothing, however, is said of the art of writing. What, then, was the original language, and what race contrived the first signs or alphabet to convey sounds, is unknown. Doubtless, if such knowledge existed before tho Flood, it would have survived with Noah and his sons. Then they would have had a common tongue and common writing if such art then existed. But what does comparative philology (or the science of language) say to the Bible state ments? That after the Flood 'the whole earth was of one speech and one language' —-Gen. xi. 1; and that 'Babel was the first city which men began to build.' Pro fessor Max Müller says that comparative phi lology has gained these two points: — " 1. Nothing necessitates the admission of different independent beginnings for the natural and formal elements of Turanian, the Shemitic, and the Aryan branches of speech. 2. Comparative philology has reduced all languages to three distinct stocks." "The science of language leads us up to that highest summit from whence we see into the very dawn of man's life on earth, and where the words we have heard so often from the days of our childhood — 'And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech'— assume a meaning more natural, more intelligible, more convincing than they ever had before.' Again, the superior antiquity of Babylon to Nineveh, and its comparative superiority in power, is also attested (Sir H. Rawlinson says) by Babylonian inscriptions of the earliest date. The art of writing, then, is of the highest antiquity. Again, as to the claim of the Mosaic Books to have been written at least 15 centuries before Christ, what say the Egyptian monuments written many centuries before Moses, and even long before Abraham? There exists a papyrus containing a treatise by a Prince of the 5th Egyptian Dynasty. This was found in 1867 by a French savant, M. Priesse. There is also in the tomb of Chnoum- hotep, at Beni Hassan, not far from Karnac, on the Nile, a painted group of figures, one of which is a scribe presenting a papyrus roll to the Governor, bearing the date of Osirtasen II., in his sixth year. The tomb of Chnoum-hotep belongs to the twelfth dynasty, many centuries before the Exodus; according to most scholars even before the time of Abraham. The great Pyramid of Ghizer, too, the erection of which was fixed by Sir John Herschel as not less than B.C. 2300, has in its innermost chambers the ovals con taining the hieroglyphics of Shofo and Nou- Shofo, brothers; the Cheops and Chephren of Herodotus. The Book of Exodus tells us that Moses was brought up in the ' learning of the Egyptians,' and the art of writing had long been practised among them, even centuries before Moses was directed to write for a memo rial in a book'— the judgment of Amalek— Erod. xvii. 14. Even among the Canaanites such knowledge prevailed in those early times, for Kirjath-sepher, or 'Book Town,' was taken by Joshua — Joshua xv. 15' — and called 'Debir.' The inference from this singular name is con firmed by a contemporary carving on the walls of the Temple at Karnac, in the reign of Rameses the Great, which mentions by name one Chiraspa among the Kheta, i.e. Hittites, as a writer of books. So interprets Dr. Brugsh, the Oriental scholar. Moreover, Ewald, the greatest of Hebrew scholars, shows that in all branches of the Shemitic family the words for ' write ' 'book,' and 'ink' are identical (Coptic only and S. Arabic differ in the word 'write'), which shows they had that art in the earliest stage of 'their history, before they separated into distinct tribes and nations— 1, Ethiopic; 2, Hebrew and Phœnician; 3, Chaldee and cuneiform. The next subjects treated of in the early part of Genesis are the pedigree and geographical settlements of the human race. Here again learned ethnologists have ven tured to contradict the statements of Holy Writ, and, like tho late Baron Bunsen, set aside its historic statements as contrary to the truth. The organic unity of the human race, as well as the unity of language, is emphatically asserted in the Book of Genesis. ' 'Man is man,' says W. Humboldt, 'only by means of speech, and before he can use speech he must be a perfect man'— not a three-parts developed Darwinian ape. The date of the Deluge is uncertain, and must be thrown back beyond the earlier date assigned by Dr. Hales— B.C. 3255. The Koyunjik, or Nineveh legend of the Deluge, lately deci phered by Mr. Smith, of the British Museum, and Sir H. Rawlinson, would carry Sisit, from whom Izdubar, the first civilizer of the Babylonians, learned the history of the Flood, back to double that period, if, at least, faith be placed in the list of Kings of Babylon, who reigned before it was conquered by the Medes, B.C. 2280. In Genesis x. 6 we read that the sons of Ham were Cush, Mizraim, Phut, and Canaan. In the 8th verse, 'And Cush begat Nimrod;' in the 10th verse, 'And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel and Brech;' in the 11th verse, 'And he went forth into Assyria, or Asshur, and builded Nineveh.' This is the marginal and truer version. That Cush should be the progenitor of Nimrod, and that Mizraim or Egypt should have given birth to Assyrian civilization, architecture, and arts, and that the great cities of Nineveh and Caleh and Resen should have been of later foundation and pre- eminence than Babel and Erech.— These statements were rejected by such scholars as Bunsen and others. Nevertheless from the ruins of these cities has come tho evidence that the inspired historian is true, and his critics mistaken. The oldest Nineveh inscriptions show that there existed there, as well as in Babylonia, a mere ancient tongue, belonging to a Cushite or Hamitic race. In after times the dialect became Shemitic. Chaldee, which pre vailed in the days of Jonah, Daniel, and Ezra. Thus that Nimrod went forth into Asshur or Assyria, and. introduced Hamitic architec ture and dialect among the Shemitic descendants of Asshur, the son of Shem— Genesis x. 32— is authenticated by these lately- discovered inscrip tions. At Koyunjik also, or old Nineveh, on the east bank of the Tigris, vocabularies have been found in both languages, and tablets also in a still earlier Turanian dialect These same inscriptions and sculptures show also the early superiority of Babylon over Nineveh, and the later foundation of the latter. Mark then the accuracy of the Bible history, viz., which says ' that the beginning of Nimrod's kingdom was a Babel and Erech,' &c;, and that out of the land he went forth, into Asshur or Assyria, and builded Nineveh.— Gen. x. 11. Passing from. ethnological statements to historic facts, we come down to the time of Abraham. In Genesis xiv. the account is given of an invasion of Canaan by a great confederacy of eastern monarchs — Amraphel, King of Shinar ; Arioch, King of Ellasar ; Chedorlaomer, King of Elam; and Tidal, King of Nations. They advanced as far as Sodom, and made Lot prisoner. Critics long con founded this Elam with Persia, and consequently denied the probability or truth of such a Persian expedition. But what say the Assyrian cuneiform inscriptions on the brick tablets discovered of late years? Why this— About 1979 a.c. (the age of Abraham) one Kudur or Chedor, 'Mapula,' or in the Hamitic tongue 'Mabuk,' reigned over a country called Elymais, between Persia and Babylonia, the country called Susiana, in which was Shushan, the King's Palace. To this Kudur the inscriptions give.the title of 'Ravager of the West,' which shows the probability of such an expedition as that of Chedorlaomer into Pales- tine and conquest of Moab, Amalek, and the Cities of ths Plain. ' Laomer' seems to be a corruption of 'el-ahmar,' or 'The Red,' and in the Hamitic tongue 'Mabuk' ('red') is the equivalent of the Shemitic word ' Laomer.' While on this portion of the history of the Bible, the age namely of Abraham and Lot, I may quote the testimony of Lieutenant Lynch, of the United States Navy, respecting the destruction of the Cities of the Plain. Under directions from his Government, Mr. Lynch examined the course of the Jordan from its rise in the great valley of Coele Syria to the Dead Sea. After a minute examination of the river and its banks he thus writes: — ' It is for the learned to comment on the facts we have laboriously collected ; upon ourselves the result is a decided one. We entered upon the sea— the Dead Sea— with conflicting opinions. One of the party was sceptical, and another, I believe, a professed unbeliever of the Mosaic account. After 22 days' close investiga tion, if I am not mistaken, we were unanimous in the conviction of the truth of the scriptural account of the destruction of the Cities of the Plain.' (Narrative, ch. 17. p. 253.) To this may be added the lucid statement of the Rev. H. B. Tristram in his book called 'The Land of Israel,' published under the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge in 1865. 'I cannot but think that the old notion of the volcanic agencies about the Dead Sea were erroneous; but setting aside all preconceived notions, and taking the simple record of Genesis xix.; as we find it, let us see whether the existing condition of the country throws any light upon the Biblical narrative. Certainly we do observe by the lake sulphur and brimstone in abundance. Sulphur springs stud the shores, sulphur is shown whether in layers or in fragments over the desolate plains, and bitumen is ejected in great floating masses from the bottom of the sea, oozes through the fissures of the rocks, is deposited with gravel on the beach, or, as in the Wady Mahawa, appears with sulphur to have been precipitated during some convulsion. We know that at the time of earthquakes in the North the bitumen seems even in our day to be detached from the bottom of the lake, and that floating islets of the sub stance have been evolved, coincident with the convulsions so frequent in the North. Every thing leads to the conclusion that the agency of fire was at work, though not the overflowing of an ordinary volcano. The materials were at hand at whichever end of tho lake we place the doomed cities, and may probably have been accumulated there to a much greater extent than at present. The kindling of such a mass of combustible material, either by lightning from heaven or by other electrical agency, combined with an earthquake ejecting the bitumen or sulphur from the lake, would soon spread devastation over the plain, 'so that the smoke of the country would go up as the smoke of a furnace.' ' The authenticity, then, of the sacred narrative is thus guaranteed by the existing features of the country, care fully and conscientiously examined by recent travellers of high scientific attainment in geology, mineralogy, natural history, as well as competent knowledge of the Hebrew language and extensive Biblical information. We must now pass over a period of 500 years, during which the Israelites were a smill pastoral tribe among the hills of Palestine, or a race of bondmen in the land of Egypt. Even of the memorable catastrophe of the Passover, by which the nation of Israel was born in a day, we cannot expect to find a record among the royal monuments of Egypt. It is not in human nature to record military dis asters and national shame. Successes only are emblazoned on sacred buildings, or commemo rated by obelisks or pillars, or by inscriptions in the living rock or the basaltic stone which defies the elements. Not so defeat and cap tivity, the plundered temple or desolated fields, the driving off of flocks and herds, or troops of captives hurried from their homes into a foreign land. We must not expect, therefore, to find in the painted sculptures of Egyptian kings, or on the sculptured walls of their royal palaces, the records of those plagues which destroyed Egypt and emancipated in a night the bondsmen of Israel. Or that still mightier destruc tion which overtook the tyrant Pharaoh, his chariots and horsemen, when the receding waters of the Red Sea returned in their strength and overwhelmed the chivalry of Egypt. No obelisk would be reared in memory of such an event, and by its hieroglyphics hand down to posterity the exodus of the Jews. No mummy would be found containing the em balmed bodies of tho3e warriors and princes who perished in the sea, together with a papyrus giving an account of the disaster. One witness, however, to the exodus, as de scribed in the Pentateuch, does still remain, altered perhaps somewhat by the lapse of ages, but still unimpeachable in its veracity, namely, the whole country between Rameses and the Mount of God, from which the law was given. More fre quent intercourse of late years with Egypt and the Red Sea, the mountains of Sinai, and the country lying between them and Canaan woke up the spirit of exploration. Accordingly three officers of the Royal Engineers— Captains Wilson, Warren, and Palmer— with some sappers of the same corps, accompanied also by a good Arabic scholar, Mr. Palmer, and the Rev. F. P. Holland, were deputed to carry out, under a committee in London, a scientific survey and exploration of Jerusalem and the Peninsula of Sinai All the aid that science and learning could supply to secure the success of enquiry was liberally afforded ; and now what is the witness these men bear to the truthfulness of the sacred narrative ? By this careful and accurate survey it has been firmly established that 'the physical conditions of the country are suoh as-to render it quite possible that the events recorded in the Book of Exodus should have occurred there— a possibility which has been denied by more than one writer.' It is wonderful, say the explorers themselves, how apparent difficulties melt away as acquain tance with the country increases. The route of the Israelites may not indeed have been laid down by us with absolute certainty, but much light hasundoubtedly been thrown upon it. And I may add that not a single member of th» expedition returned home without feeling more firmly convinced than ever of the truth of that sacred history which he found illustrated and confirmed by the natural features of the desert. The mountains and valleys, the very recks, brown and sun-scorched as they are, seem to furnish evidence which none who beheld them can gainsay that this, was .' that great and terri ble wilderness' through which Moses under God's direction led the children of Israel. ('/ Ex ploration of Sinai ; Recovery of Jerusalem,' p. 546\. Rev. F. W. Holland.) After a careful examination of the ground during a stay of several months, the explorers say of Jebel Musa or Hill of Moses:—' No place could be con ceived more suitable than the plain of Er Rabah for the assembling together of many thousands of people both to witness ' the thuaders and lightning and the thick cloud upon the Mount,' and to hear ' the voice of the Lord when he spoke unto them.' There is no other spot,' they say, 'in the whole Peninsula which is nearly so well supplied with water. Four streams of running water are found there, in addition to which there are numerous wells and springs. There is also no other district in the Peninsula which affords such excellent pas turage.' ' On leaving Succoth'— this starting point cannot, they say, befarfromlsmaila— 'the Israelites intended to cross by Etham, which is the natural road to Sinai; but they ware expressly enjoined to turn and encamp between Migdol and the sea' — Ex. xiv. 2. Escape was impos sible, unless a way through the sea was opened. They go forward and cross a few miles to the north of Suez. Ayoun Musa, the wells of Moses, eight miles from Suez, form their first halting ground. On their left was a flat-topped range of white cliffs, forming a wall to the desert on the north. This was the wilderness of 'Shur,' or 'the wall,' and the road that they 'went three days in the desert and found no water.' They marched probably from 12 to 15 miles a day. And so the ex ploring surveyors found that a journey of 35 miles, or three days' march, must be made before finding water, and that even that water is 'bitter' and unwhole some. 'And when they came to Marah,' says the Book of Exodus xv. 23, ' they could not drink of the waters, for they were bitter.' The battle-field of Rephidim, too, against Amalek seems clearly fixed by the features of the country at El Watayeh— a narrow pass about 12 miles from Jebel Musa. There is a narrow defile about 300 yards in length and from 40 to 60 in breadth, with a level bed, but enclosed on either side by lofty precipitous rocks. The position might be held by the Amalekites against an overwhelming force. In front there is a large plain, destitute of water, for the encampment of the Israelites. A con spicuous hill on the north side of the defile commands the battle-ground, presenting a bare cliff, such as we may suppose Moses struck and 'water gushed out.' At this very spot the Arabs point out a rock which they call ' the seat of the Prophet Moses,' at the foot of the hill, on which if this place be Rephidim, Moses must have sat. The writer goes on to observe that if the present compa rative want of vegetation be urged against the Mosaic narrative ' there are evident traces that there has been, owing to various reasons, a very considerable decrease in the amount of vegetation in the Sinaitic Peninsula. Mining operations and smelting the ore must have required a large amount of fuel, and the rainfall of a country depends upon the abundance of its trees.' (Page 547.) So much for the Exodus. Part II. The conquest and occupation of Canaan by the Israelites during the times of Joshua and the Judges would offer few er no subjects for con temporary Assyrian or Egyptian monuments to record. Hemmed back in the hill country by the Philistines, who held the plains along the coast, with no capital and no King, the people of Israel would attract neither the enmity nor the alliance of those mighty monarchies. Nor do we find in their monuments any notice of Hebrew captives among the con quered tribes until the period of the Kings of Judah and Israel. David's conquest of the strongholds of Jebus is recorded in Chron. xi. 5, when the rocky ' hill of Zion' became the ' City of David.' Between it and Mount Moriah there ran a deep gully called the Tyropeon (or cheese-dairy), and 'the threshing-floor of Araunah,' ,like the other floors in Palestine, was placed on the ridge of that mount, that by exposure to every breath of wind the corn might be separated from the chaff. Josephus in the 7th Book of his Antiquities speaks of the strength of the walls of Jebus, and how after the conquest David with the workmen sent by Hiram fiom Tyre built a palace there, and then joining the hill of David with Jerusalem made, them one city, which he surrounded with walls. The late explorations have supplied evidence of the truth of these facts, for at the south-west angle of the sanc tuary enclosure the ancient wall at the edge of the Typoreon now rises from 50 to 80 feet above the present level of the ground, but by shafts sunk and galleries driven under Captain Wilsen's direction 80 feet were found to be covered up by the debris which had filled up the Tyropeon to such an extent. The enormous height of these walls throws light then upon 'the men of Hezekiah sitting upon them in safety;' while from a depth of 150 feet below Rabshakeh addressed them with a loud voice in the Jews' language. — 2 Kings xviii. 27-28. That these were the works of Phoenician masons, the servants of Hiram, King of Tyre, as stated in 1 Chron. xiv. 1, may be in ferred from the same explorations, for at the south-east angle of the Haram, or temple enclosure, at the depth of 79 feet below the present surface, were found six vase handles, and on each was impressed a winged disk or sun, probably an emblem of Baal, the sun god, with Phoenician letters traced on the wings. These letters are probably as old as the inscription of the Moabite Stone, and they illus trate at least the royal potteries in Moab, men tioned in 1 Chron. iv. 23. Verse 22— ' Jokim and the men of Chozaba and Joash and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab and Jashubi lehem, and these are ancient things. These were the potters and those who dwelt among plants and hedges. There they dwelt with the King for his work.' But the oldest Semitic lapidary record is the Moabite Stone, as it is called. It is of black hard basalt, and on it is an inscription of 34 lines. It is 3A feet high, . and about two inches in breadth and thick ness. It was found among the ruins of Dibou, in Moab, by Mr. Klein, of the Church Mis sionary Society, who took a sketch of it and made a complete alphabet from the inscription. The characters are Phoenician. When Mr. Klein saw it first in situ, when on a tour in that country, it was in a perfect state. But the greed of the Bedouin Arabs having, been stimulated by the unwise conduct of M. Carneau, a young attaché to the French Con sulate, who outbid the Prussian Consul, they heated the stone and then poured cold water over it, which split it into many fragments. A paper impression, however, imperfect indeed from haste, had been secured, which helped to restore the parts of the inscription which were damaged or lost by the fracture of the stone itself, two-thirds of which have subsequently been recovered. The old Hebrew and the Phoenician alphabets are substantially the same. It is in fact our own English alphabet, first in troduced into Greece by Cadmus from Phoenicia, and the more primitive the age the simpler also are the forms of the letters. The Shemitic alphabet was derived from objects of pastoral life. The leading linguistic authority in the Department of Philology, Mr. Deutsch, of the British Museum, says that ' it was the work and monument of a Moabite king.' After a brief account of himself and his father, he records certain deeds of war from which he issued victorious. The king's name is Mesha. Compare 2 Kings Hi. chapter 4th and 5th verses. The inscription speaks of Omri, King of Israel, of Chemosh, the God of Moab. It comprises also the earlier histoiy of the occupa tion of Moab by the children of Reuben and Gad— Numbers xxxii. 2 to §— as granted to them, by Moses. The stone distinctly states that Omri, father of Ahab, took Medeba, and tbatthe men of Gad dwelt in the district of Kirjathaim from their grand or forefathers. . Thus the record of Moses after 3,000 years is verified to the very letter by the stone of basalt, and the inscriptions wrought on it by the chisel of Mesha's workmen, discovered by accident in 1868\. 'And Mesha, King of Moab, waa a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the King of Israel 100,000 lambs and 100,000 ram3 with the wool; but it came to pass when Ahab was dead the King of Moab rebelled against the King of Israel.' Also Numbers xxxii. 2-5.:— 'The children of Gad and the children of Reuben cams and spake unto Moses and to Elaamr tho priest, and unto the princes of the congrega tion, saying, Ataroth, and Dibon, and Jazer, and Nimrah, and Heahbon, and Elealeh, and Skeban, and Nebo, and Beon, even the country which the Lord smote before the con gregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle : wherefore said they let this land be given unto Thy ser vants for a possession, and bring us -not over Jordan.' 24. 'Build you cities for your little ones and folds for your sheep.' 34. 'And the children of Gad built Dibon and Ataroth and Aroer.' 36. 'And Beth Nimrah and Beth Hara fenced cities and folds for sheep.' 37. 'And the children of Reuben' built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and. Kirjathaim, and Nebo, and Baal meon (their names being changed), and Shibmah, and gave other names to the cities which they builded.' . In this notice of the Moabite Stone we have passed the point of time at which Egyptian sepulchral, or palatial records touch or intersect the lines of Jewish history. In the fifth year of Rehoboam (the son, be it remembered, of an Ammonitish princess, Naamah), the idolatry and immorality of the kingdom of Judah seems to have culminated. (1 Kings xiv. 22.) Already by his tyrannical bravado this son and heir of Solomon had alienated at Shechem the ten tribes which formed themselves into the kingdom of Israel, and doubtless through the influence of the Queen Mother Naamah, the lasci vious worship of the Ammonitish Ashtoreth,. and the worse sins of the Canaanites had found admission among God's people, Judah and Benjamin. Foreign invasion followed quickly on the disruption of the Hebrew tribes, and God raised up an Egyptian invader, together with a host of Ethiopians, in the person of Shishak or Sheshonk, as he is called on the sculptures in the Temple of Karnak. There among the conquered towns Champillon recog nised the name of the kingdom of Judah, and a Jewish physiognomy was thought to represent Rehoboam himself. Let us now pass from Egyptian to Assyrian or Babylonish monuments, for these as well as those of Phoenicia and Greece ' vie with each other,' says Professor Rawlinson, ' in offering us proofs that the Hebrew Scriptures contain an authentic account of the fortunes of the Jewish Monarchy. The Kings of Judah and Israel mentioned in the Assynan inscriptions are Jehu, Menahem, Hezekiah, and Manasseh. The name of Jehu, who B.C. 884 seized the kingdom of Israel, is found on the black obelisk, now in the British Museum, the date of which is probably B.C. 870 ; Menahem (2 Kings xv. 14), who after slaying Shallum reigned ten years in Samaria, became tributary to Pul, king of Assyria, about 770. The name of Pul in the Septuagint is Phal-os or och. The Assyrian monuments mention a monarch named Vul-lush, who reigned at Calah (Nimrod), between 880 and 750 B.C. They state that he made an expe dition into Syria, and received tribute from Medes, Armenians, Phoenicians, Samaritans, &c.; ; and we read in 2 Kings xv. 19 that Mena hem gave Pui 1,000 talents. In the earlier monumental inscriptions (which are plainly distinguished by the style of writing, character of sculpture, &c.;) the name 'Beth- Khumri' or 'house of Omri' stands for Samaria. After Tiglath-Pileser II. the term used is Tsamarin or Samaritans. The name of Hezekiah also occurs on a record amongst the enemies of Sennacherib; and among the tributaries of Esarhaddon that of his son Manasseh also is found. 2 Chronicles xxxiii. 2 states— 'That the captain of the host of the king of Assyria bound him with fetters and carried him to Babylon.' Why to Babylon ? The inscriptions, however, tell us that Esar haddon built a palace there and was king of Babylon. On the murder of Sennacherib Esarhaddon succeeded to the throne, and so would be contemporary with Manasseh. But'a still more remarkable proof of the exac titude of sacred history is supplied by the name of Sargon mentioned in Isaiah xx. and 4, as 'having taken Ashdod.' No such Assyrian King was known to scholars 20 years ago. He was therefore cast out by some modern critics as a fiction of Isaiah. But at Khorsabad, the great palace bears the name of Sargon— Beth- Sargon. He appears to have been the son of Shalmanezer, and the father of Sennacherib. The inscriptions also confirm Isaiah's statement that he took Ashdod, and as he conquered the Medes it seems very probable that he was the 'King of Assyria' who placed the captive Israelites of Samaria ' in Halah or Habor, and in the cities of the Medes,' and b.c. 721.— 2 Kings xviii. and 6. With Esarhaddon Bible notices of the 'Kingdom of Assyria' come to a close. Babylon then became tha great conquering power and takes its place. But during the period which we have just passed over from Shalmaneser to Esarhaddon Egyptian record also confirms Jewish history. Scripture mentions four kings. So, King of Egypt, Tirhakah, King of the Ethiopians. A pentury later Pharaoh Necho is said to have invaded Judea and killed Josiah. Some 20 years after wards Pharaoh Hophra is mentioned as en couraging the Jews to resist Nebuchadnezzar. The name So (2 Kings xvii. 4), to whom Hoshea sent messengers, would appear written in Hebrew as S. V. H. or Seveh or Sovek. Now the Egyptian monuments give the names of two monarchs so called, Shebek I. and Shebek II, who ruled in Egypt about the date of Hoshea, B.C., 723. Shebek I. is probably the one to whom that king sent emissaries. He is the Sabaco of Herodotus, the Savekus of the Greeks, and So of the Eebrews. His seal was found at Koyunjik (opposite Mossul, on the Tigris, above Nineveh), which shows at least that he had entered into a treaty with the Assyrian monarch. The reign of Hoshea lasted from B.C. 729 to B.C. 721. HU treating with Shebek I. against Shalmanezer caused Sargon, the son and successor — 'the King of Assyria' — unnamed in Scripture, to besiege Samaria. 2 Kings, xvii. 3 — 'Against them came up Shalmanezer, and Hoshea became his servant and gave him presents. And the King of Assyria (Sargon) found conspiracy in Hoshea, for he had sent messengers to So, King- of Egypt, and brought no present (tribute) to the King of Assyria, as he had done year by year. Therefore the King of Assyria shut him up and bound him in prison. Then the King of Assyria came up throughout all the land and went up to Samaria, and be sieged it three years. In the 9th year of Hoshea the King of Assyria took Samaria and carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and Habor, by the river of Gozan, and the cities of the Medes.' There are two inscriptions in the British Museum which probably belong to this monarch, but the name is wanting. In one of them appears the name of Rezin, King of Syria; in the other that of Hoshea, Rawlinson's Hero- dotus. (Vol. 1, page 47 J.) Again, the monu ments bear witness to Neku, the son and suc cessor of Psammeticus I., and in him we cannot fail to recognise the Pharaoh Necho — 2nd Kings, xxiii. 29— against whom Josiah went forth as a vassal of the Babylonian monarch, and met his death at Megiddo. One more Egyptian king remains — Pharaoh-hophra— of whom Jeremiah predicted thus (c. xliv. 30)- 'I will give Pharaoh-hophra into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of those who seek his life.' The Egyptian monuments supply the name of Haifra, and his miserable end is recorded by Herodotus from Egyptian traditions. We must now turn back for a moment f rou Egypt to Babylon, and we find in the name oi Marduk-bal-iddan of the inscriptions th- Merodach-baladanof Scripture, who was contem porary with Hezekiah, and sent an embassy tc Jerusalem.— Isaiah xxxix. This Merodachwas driven out of Babylon 712 B.C. by 8argoa ir the 12th year of his reign, who also invaded Syria and took Ashdod. Thus, from the contemporary monuments ol the great Assyrian monarchs whoie reign fall within the period above-mentioned, as well as the monumeHti of Egypt, we derive information con firmatory of the accuracy of the Jewish records. The monarchs themselves, the order of their names, their relationship where it is mentioned, their actions so far as they come under notice, are the same both in the Jewish and the Assyrian and Egyptian histories. Perhaps the time is not far distant when, through the com plete recovery of the annals of Egypt, Assvna, and Babylon, we may obtain for the whole o! the sacred history illustrations of the extreme accuracy of the wcred narratiffc And now entering upon the era ef the Cap tivity, we come upon portions of the history contained in the Books of Daniel and Jeremiah. Here we may naturally ex pect considerable illustration from the Baby lonian monuments and inscriptions. One most striking instance occurs in the case of Jehoia chin— 2 Kings xxiv. 12. It is recorded that Nebuchadnezzar, tho King of Babylon, took him thitherin the8thyearof hisreign. Evil-Merodaoh, Nebuchadnezzar's son and successor in the first year of his reign, and in the 37th year and 12th month of that unhappy monarch's captivity, brought him out of prison and spake kindly to him' — Jeremiah Hi. 31— and changed his prison garments. 'The length then of Nebuchadnezzar's reign must have been at least 43 years, according to these Scriptures, fcrosus and other profane historians so state it ; but a clay tablet has of late years been found bearing the date of the 42nd year of Nebu chadnezzar. ' These tablets,' says Rawlinson, are commonly orders on the Imperial Treasury dated the current year of the reign.' They furnish a minimum though not a maximum of its length, and in this particular instance con clusively show the historic accuracy of the . Book of Kings and Jeremiah. There is also a minute but striking proof of the genuineness of the Book of Daniel in his use of the term ' Chaldæans.' In the older prophets that term designated the country of Chaldæa, but Daniel used it to designate a certain caste at Babylon, who had a tongue and 'learning' of their own. Strabo, xxxi. 1.6, has noted the two senses. In the latter sense Daniel appropriately uses it, for the King would have some of the children of Israel chosen out to be instructed in their 'learning' and 'tongue.' Now the inscriptions mention the 'Kalde' as belonging to the ancient Scythic or Cashite tribes, and that the old 'learning' and astronomy of the Babylonians con tinued to be in this language during the later Semitic times. The inscriptions also show that Nebuchadnezzar paid special honour to Merodach, that is Bel, as his Lord. This pecu- liar monotheism of his is incidentally noticed by Daniel i. 2, who says of Nebuchadnezzar that 'he brought into the treasure house of his God' the vessels of tho house of God Jehovah which he had taken from Jerusalam.' Passing from Daniel to Ezra, Nehemiah, and Esther, attention is aroused by tho strongly marked religious character of the proclamations assigned in Ezra to tho heathen- princes Cyrus, Darius, and Artaxerxes; such, for instance, aa monotheistic views and the identification of Jehovah with the God of the Persians. The accuracy in these particular details is a strong internal proof of the genuineness as well as the authenticity of the Book of Daniel, which has been vindicated triumphantly by the able and learned work of Dr. Pusey. These facte, surprising to the intelligent Scripture student and difficult to the sceptical critic, are abun dantly illustrated by the Persian cuneiform inscriptions. In all the monuments of any length, Ormasd is named as the 'giver of empire,' and this name stands alone as tho 'giver of earth and heaven to man.' I cannot better close my lecture than by using the wards of Professor Rev. George Rawlinson, taken from the 5th of his Bampton Lectures on the 'Historical Evidences to the Truth of the Scripture:'—" The monumental records of past ages, Assyrian, Babylonian, Egyptian, Persian, Phoenician; the writings of historians who have based their histories on contemporary annals, as Manetho, Berosus, Dius, Menander, Nicholas of Damascus; tho descriptions given by eye-witnesses of tho ' Oriental manners and customs: the proofs ob- tained by modern research of the condition of art in the time and country— all combine to confirm, illustrate, and establish the veracity of the writers who, in the Pentateuch, in Joshua, Judges, Samuel, Kings, and Chronicles, Jeremiah, Daniel, Ezra, Nehemiah, Esther, have given the history of the chosen people.' That history stands firm against all the assaults made on it, and the more light that ia thrown by research and discovery upon the times and countries with which it deals tho more apparent becomes its authentic and matter-of-fact character.' In conclusion, allusion has above been made to the account of the Deluge Lately deciphered from a cuneiform inscription on one of the clay tablets found some 15 years ago at Koyunjik, or Nineveh, now in the British Museum. Its chief value is its testi- mony to the fact of the Deluge ; that it was on account of sin ; that a remnant was saved in a floating vessel made with hands which grounded on a mountain ; that birds were sent out— a dove and a raven ; that sacrifice was offered by the survivors; and that sinners should not be punished any more with a flood. This inscrip tion is assigned to the 17th century before Christ. The Palace of the Caesars at Rome has lately been excavated, and amid its vast ruins an arched chamber has been opened in 1870, tho walls of which are covered with rough sketches and caricatures— believed to be drawn by the old Praetorian guard in their moments of idle- ness. Some names are in Greek. One sketch, with 'Alexamenos worshipping his God' written underneath, is that of a figure kneeling before the Cross, on which is stretched the figure of an ass. How little did the rude drawer of this ribald sketch think that 18 centuries afterwards his scoffing handiwork would be instrumental in upholding tho religion he so derided and despised. A vote of thanks to His Lordship for the lecture having bean carried, the meeting closed in the usual manner. 