AN ACT TO AUTHORISE THE KRKOTION OP PUIH.IO fi YT133 AOKOSSCEKTA1N IIO ADS. [ASSBNTKIITO. 21rn Al'lllli. IH73 1 Wiircnr.As it ix exppilii'nt to make pro vision for the erection of Public Gates by tho occupants of inclosed land through which any nnfcnccil public road may puss Bi- it therefore enacted by tho Queen's Most Excullpiit Majesty- by and lingiuliitire CouiiP.il and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as follows : — 1\. This Act nhnll come, into foree on Hip, 1st dny of July and may bp oiled as tlm ' Pnbiic Onti-s Act of 187-1.' 2\. In (he construction of thin Act the word ' occupant' shall mean any person in lawful possession of land The lerni ' public mad' shall mean any road or portion if a mail and also any track or piirlinii nf n track within the meaning of the nineteenth section of the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 18G1 hereto fore or hen-after to be dedicated to or lawfully used liy the public. H. The. occupant of any land through which any unfenccd public road passes may at his own cost place gates across Rin-li roml wherever the sanio intellects nny fence cnclosiiifl: or bounding liisland -ir anv nart tlicreof unnn obtaininir i)er minsion ro to do from the Secretary for Lands Provided that nolicu of inten tion to grant such permission shall be published in tbo Government Gazelle nnd Koine local newspaper if any sit least thirty days before commencing' tile erpc tion of snch gate or gates and that the form and position thereof shall bnvc hpon npproved by the said Sficretnry for Lnnds And every snch gnte shall dur ing its continuance bo designated a ' public gate', and shall have the words puuni: K'nv |iiiini,t:u uuu iiiiiiiiiiiuii'u therenn in legible elmrncters not less than three inches in length Provided that the Secretary for Lands may so soon us any mad or portion of a road passing through enclosed lnnds has been securely fenced on both sides rovoku nnd cancel tho permission granted for the erection of gales across such road or portion of a road. 4\. Whosoever after having opened or passed through nny public gnte s)m!l fail to close tlio same or whosoever shall break or injure such gate or defaco or attempt to defaco the words painted thrreon shall on conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peaca forfeit and pay over nnd above tho amount of the injury (if any) occasioned by such misconduct such sum of money not exceeding five pounds as to such Justice shall seem meet to be recovered in .1 summary way in pursuance, of the provisions of the Act or A cts in force for the tinin being regu lating proceedings on summary convic tionf. before Justices Ami in default of payment thereof together with the costs if ordpred the offender shall be impri soncd for a period not exceeding two months or until payment be sooner made \nd if it be proved that snch gnte was »jjiu]ij 11'ji, ujjuh iiju viuiiuer sunn on conviction thereof before any two Jus tices forfeit nnd pay over and above the amount of tho injury occassioned by such misconduct such sum of monoy not ex ceeding twenty pounds as to tho Jus tices shall scorn meet to be recovorcd as aforesaid and in default of payment (hereof together with the costs (if ordered) shall .bp imprisoned for a period not exceeding (six months or until pay ment be farther made. An Editor's Conbtitcents and THitirt {rntEV'ANOES. — Sir. A believes he wiil discontinue his paper, because it con tains no political news ; while B is de cidedly of opinion that, the same paper dabbles too freely in the political move ments of thffdny. C don't take it ba canso it is all on one side ; and D. whose opinion it generally expresses, does not like it because it is not severe enough on the Opposition. E thinks it does not pay duo Attention to fashionable litera ture. F cannot bear tho flimsy notions ' of idlc.writers. G will not suffer a paper ? to lay oh his table which ventures to ex- i press an opinion against mining ventures and such speculations. H never patron ises a paper that lacks the moral courage to expose, public swindles. Ldeclarcs he docs not want a paper filled . with the hodge-podge doings nnd undoings of the Legislature. J considers that paper the best which gives the greatest quantity of snch proceedings. K patronises the papers for the light nnd lively reading they contain. L wonders that the Press, does not. publish Dewey's sermons, nnd snch other solid matter. M will not' read a paper that will not expose the cvih of sectarianism. N is decidedly of opinion that the Pulpit, and not the Press; should .meddle with religious dogmas. O likes to read police reports. P, whose appetite is less morbid, would not have a paper in which these silly re ports fl.ro printed in his house. Q likes anecdotes. R wonWaten paper that publishes diem, and says that murders and dreadful accidents ought not to be pnt into papers. S complains that his miserable paper gave no ncconnt of tho highwayrobbery Ia6t week. T Buys the type is too small. U thinks it too Jatge. V' stops his paper becansc it contains nothing but advertisements. W wants to see what ii for sale. X will tint take the paper unless it is left at liifl dour before sunrise; while Y declares he will not pay for it if left so early — that it is stolen before he is np. Tub fallowing laic of a widow's fidelity in narrated by the European Mail :— ' The relict in rjucstion whs one dny in spring seen by the clorJc of her parish crossing the church-yard with n water ing pot and a bundle. -Ah, Mistress MncTnvish,' said tho clerk, ' what's yer biis'iioss wi' sic like gear as that ye're rnrryin'?' 'A wee!, Mr. MacLachlan,' roplipd the widow, 'I'm jnst gaun to my giiiilmau's grave; I've got some hay seeds in my bundle, which I'm gann to sow npon'l, nn' the water i' the pan is just to gio them a spring, like !' ' The seeds winna want the waterin',' rejoined the. clerk ; ' tlipy'll spring finely o* them sell's.' ' Tlnit may bo,' said the widow, ' but ye dinna ken that my guid man, as ho lay doi'iii', just got ino to rank pro mise that I'd never marry again till the grass hnd grown nhuno his grave. An' as 1 bad a gnid offer made mn yestreen', -M nuu( A Ulllllil IlltU \AJ UljltV UIT |U ' llllQUf ir to bp kni'pit a Inno widow as yo see ne !' The minister's nido-dc-camp looked in tho widow, indeed, with a drougthy ?xprcssion. ' Water him wcel, widow,' mid he, ' Mne.Tnvish was aye droughty.' ' An extraordinary casii of religions nauia is reported from Leicestershire.. \ few dnyn ago, it seems, the Rev. W. March, Inte citrate of Mellon Mowbrny, urived at Melton from nn oxcursiw in Ircl.'iiid, and took np his nbodo at the bouse of a friend, Mr. Anderson. Early lext morning, Mr. Anderson was aroused iiy the rev. gentleman calling upon him ,n (like out his right eye. On Mr. AnrVrsmi going to him he found Mr. March had cutoff his right hand, and nns in the act of gouging out his right ;ye with a penknife and razor, but was unable to complete tho latter net throntjh weakness from Ions of blood. As sistance being obtained, his arm was Lightly bandaged to prevent further loss nf blood. Drs. Powell and Roberts, who were speedily on the spot, performed a proper amputation of the arm, nnd as an evidence of the state of mind of the rev. gcntlcmim, it may be stated (hat during the operation he was remarkably calm, nnd complimented the medical men on their skill. Near to him mi a tnhlo was found a Pruyor Bonk nnd Bible, the latter being open at the passage where it says: 'If thy right hand offend thee cut it off,' itc. Mr. March, It is 8 itis factory to know, is making favorable progress. Qmi'i! a haul of tiger sharks has been made at Hnhmt Tnwn. The Mercury reports : — ' While the crew of the fish ing smacks Lady P.ilmerpton and Secret were cleaning fish at the Prince's steps, at the end of tho new whnrf, they caught eight tiger sharks, and lost two. The sharks measured from 7 feet to 8 feet each in length. Those fish are very dan gcrnns to bathers, but they aro not alto gether valueless when caught, for they yield oil which sells for a Tcry fair price.' PmsoMN'o nv Peach KniiNEr.s.~Dr. W. R. G. Samuels, of Wanganui, N. Z. reports tho fol owing case, in n late number of the Australian Medical Journal .— ' February 19, 1673, I was sent for to attend a littleboy, aged 5 yonrs, the son of a carpenter of this town. On my way I was informed that tho littlo fellow had eaten something unknown to li is parents, and was believed to have been poisoned. On my arrival, I found him lying on tho sofa in a state of partial coma. Tlio pupils were dilated, tho skin somewhat cold and clammy, the pulse feeble. Ho seemed, in short, to be suffer ing ffem the effect* of some narcotic poison. Upon making inquiries, I was informed that nbont half an iionr previous to my arrival he had been soized with dizziness, stupor, fainting, inability to stand without assistance — in fact, it was described to mo as a partial intoxication. Ho vomited an ounce or more of masti cated pencil kernels. T at once ndminis tered nn emetic, followed shortly by a full dose of castor oil, which soon net cd on the bowels. I ordered him to be kept warm. After being placed in bed, bo slept for about two hours, after which he awoke and scorned recovered. This was obviously a case of poisoning by hydro cyanic acid (prussic acid) contained in the peach kernels of which the child had eaten a large quantity. My chief reason for reporting this is that I notice but one cbsc mentioned in Taylor's 'Manual a) Poisons of poisoning by peach kernels.'1 BunviKo the Wroko Woman. — A remark able case was recontly reported in Water ford. For somo timo,.past ft Mrs, Kcane, wife of a man named. John Rcane, residing in Alexander-street, in that city, had been in the Union Hos pital, and a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the work house, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the. report, he pro ceeded to the agent of: the St. Patrick's Burial Society in tho city, a member of which ho was, nnd having produced the necessary certificate of .death, lie re ceived £3 10s. the amount due to him Jonder the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending up to the workhouse, hnd tho remains placed in it and con veyed to bis own residence. Tho nstial wake was held, when the relatives of tho deceased, with thenoighbours, assembled, and the general impression oF all who saw the corpse wbb that deceased had very greatly changed, since the Jitst time they saw her. The remains were fol lowed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, nnd were solemnly in terred. Mr. Kcann's grief being so great that *he could not be comforted. ?The grave, however,' was closed over the remains, nnd all returned home sorrow ing. Kcsno. proceeded to work next day and at night returned to his desolate home. ^VKhile sitting, taking bis lowly supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted, and jn walked Jfrp. John Keane,-snd delighted -at again being re stored to her home, rushed nt him, and throwing her arms round bis neck, in the wildest ecstney., began, kissing him.: Ko.'ine was first horrified, and, like! Hamlet addressing the ghost, besough of her to say if she was really inorl.il. Mrs. Kcanc could not understand poor Kcane's conduct nt first. When Kenuc's bewilderment began tocensr, he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Ivenne screamed with laughter at tbe wnko and funeral. Kcane immediately proceeded to the Union, nnd there as certained that s Jlrs.Kcano had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keauc residing in Potcr strect. On hearing of -tho mutter the agent for the St. Patrick Society was furious because the second John Keanc was not a member of the society. Tho whole nffaii bns created the greatest amusement in the city. Thb Murrurrnndi troopers (observes the. Times) are subjects for amusement and contempt for the lively youllin on Liverpool Plains. Last week, trooper Clarke was sent ont to Mr. Pcngilly's to capture the individuals who robfied that gentleman's p nee a short time since. The tables were turned — instead of being captured, tho robbers took Clarice's' horse, and put him to tbc annoyance to borrow another to cotuu to Murrurundi to report progress to liis snperior officer. Tub report of a rather interesting case, and moro .interesting decision, comes to us nil tbe way from Qiicaobey an. Among . its ? natural beauties, Quoanbcyan possesses a wife benter, who, judging from general nppenranecs, is nn excellent specimen of tho order, and one of whom Ibo town may well bo proud. Mr. James Mitchell — for snch is his name— resembles wife-boaters in few particulars, beyond (ho fact of his being, according to his wife's account, generally drunk, and, when drunk, hilling somo one who cannut return tbe blow. Tbc womau, we are told, ' presented a hideous spectacle' when she appoared in court, and accepting as true her version of her affectionate husband's treatment, it is hardly to be wondered at. It ap pears that the man, of whom it would he very satisfactory to learn that ho was a Papuan, commenced his attentions with a blow on the mouth ns a sort of pre liminary whet. The blow brought blood, nnd after tiie manner of wild beasts generally, tho sight of blood developod a desire for more. He followed up his ad vantage with » candlestick, artistically laid about the woman's head, and sug gested that ho would ' roast' her, and to carry tho throat into execution pnt the pot-hooks iuto the fire. The womnn appeared to imagine that tho books would bo used, nnd recognised the im portance of avoiding if possible tho iiu-dfajval torture by beating a retreat. The man then began to realise that he was physically a match for his wife without any assistance in the way of candlestick or red-hot hooks, and fol lowed her. Although intoxicated, ho succeeded in catching her ; and hero we . con do no better than quote the woman's cvidonce as reported in the Age: — ' Ho seised her by the dress, which he tore off, and at th« same time knocked her down, she still screaming ' murder.' Ho beat and kicked her, and getting hold of tlio hair of her head swung her round, throw her down, and jumped on her. As he was lifting his foot ho fell over her, nnd again catching hold of her by the hair of her hoad ho jumped up, got her head between his two knees, and with the heel of his boot kicked backwards, striking her in the month and face, till the blood ran outof her mouth and right oar. Sho caught him by the beard, he still having hold of her by the hair. He drew her face in this manner to his mouth, and bit her on tha fleshy part of the nose, causing the wound there visible. He then said to her, ' Get up now, for I've given you as much as would kill three women.' Witness said she was not able to got up. Tho accused said sho would have to, and lifting her on her feet, told her to go on. She replied, ' I enn't, for Pin dying; get mo a drink of water.' He said, 'I'll let you know whether you are dying,' at the same time kicking and pushing her'- before him. She walked to the bouse, ho kick ing her all tho wny.' This is possibly the plcasantest picture which could be presented to nny one who believe in the superiority of the brute creation. The dog chases a fugitive brother, but if the pursuer bo of decent courage, he declines to attack the pnrsued; be acknowledges .in dog telegraphy tho other's snporior prowess. It is only tho moBt miserable of curs that bites— cvon as Mitchell bit — a submissive foe. Judging from tho ex ample boforc us, a jonlons biped must be a very nmiably-constituted thing. It was because he wiis joalons that Mitchell boat his wife. ? Jealously prompted him to kick her, — but it must have been nature, and nature olone. that made him bite her. In the biting was that touch of nature that made the canine world kin with Mitchell, and in tho .same trait may be discovered his originality as a wife-beater, Biit in ' tho matter of originality, he can eafelydivido his honor with the Police Magistrate who tried the case. Bat not fio the woman. She, was just as foolish, nnd unreasonable as women very frequently Bre kinder simi lar circumstances ;' ibe pleaded strongly for the thing that had bitten and licked her. She came there ' for her. own pro tection, and not for his punishment, and did not wish so much as to have bis little finger hurt.*' And the interposi tion, strange as it may appear, availed. His Worship of . Quoanbeyan solemnly represented to the prisoner that it was in his pofrer to p'ass' n heavy sentence upon him ; but finally fined him £5 and bound him over to -keep the peace. This is satisfactory. As long as things that bite have £5,- 'they need not wear muzzleB. The kicking was, of course, thrown in as a matter of little moment. But the peculiarly does cot end here, if the satisfactory .character of. the results arrived at does. . ; The prisoner, after being sentenced, made a .statement, and this the Bench allowed him to do. He alleged tliStTSis wife bad been inconstant, and said she- got.no more than -she deserved! And lie further stated that he was an' eye-witness of her impropriety with a man in his employment. This the woman denied firmly end logically,— and this, of course, was also elictod after; the prisoner had been convicted. She. argued that her husband was laboring under a jealous fit. If she were disposed to be bad, her husband hnd given her plenty of opportunity by leaving them to gutber jvliilo be was airny at his work.' It is to bo presumed that tho Polic* Magistrate of Queanbcyan wonid have considered tho kicking and biting admis sible if tho inconstancy had been proved. Al! who consider tbe cose, however, in its true aspect will donbtless coincide in the belief that the allegation was clearly disproved, and equally that unless more adequate punishments be awarded to offenders of the Mitchell type, there is every probability of Qiicanbcyan's pro ducing an excellent crop of savages. — ii'afjga Waqqa. Express. Tiif. ilfuc/nee Times states that the f jllowing authentic particulars give a different aspect to the shooting case at Cherry Tree Hill to that it Wore when the occurrence wns first reported. It appears that on Sunday evening three or four road laborers in the employ of Mr. Webb, road contractor, wore drinking at Leigliton's Inn ; and that, at nightfall, he put them out of the house in a more or lens intoxicated condition. They after wards attempted to re-enter the faonse, and broke some window panes of glass in doing so. Lcighten then fired n gun to, it it said, frighten them, but subse quently charged the weapon and shot the flee 'used, nan.cd Donovan, aged about 32, through the window. Leigh ton at onca.. communicated with the polico at l^eon's Swamp, and some officers at once went to his plnco, wbpro they found the uinn, lying dead. Constable O'Brien then arrested Loighton, and conveyed him to Itylbtone, to which place tho body of tho man was also taken. On Tuesday, a magisterial inquiry was bald by Mr. W. W. Armstrong, J,P. ; and on the following day Lejgbton was charged at the polico court there with wilful murder, and committed for trial at the next Circuit Court. He will probably be brought to Mudgee. TiiE Stbreotypbd S»nt,B. — Bo ware oi tho man or woman with a fixed smile. Trust the most hideous scowler before the being who goes about with an angelic grin carefully exhibited to all eyes under any and every circumstance, It is not natural to smite perpetually and no one ever assumes a mask without being conscious of a necessity for con cealment. Don't misunderstand me There are young women and a few ole men who break ont into a smile when ever they speak. These nve not th( people I mean. The smile of which 1 warn you is a motionless, hypocritical fixed expression, which I have seen won during a silent three hoars' journoy bj rail without thn slightest alteration— that sort of smile which most misgnidec lady nrtists present upon their canrai when thoy delineate martycrs, saints, ant angels. Tho portrait of a indy has i different smile — the fashion-plate simper which, though semi-idiotic, is no dangerous. Persons of no penetratioi allude to tho chronic smile as 'so sweet; ' and any one capable of holding tb- musclos of the face under control i generally able to squeal sweetly, to movi quietly, and to use choice language measured tones in moments of thi greatest excitement, and so can aiwayi place, a belter man or woman at gren disadvantage, and appear injured and in noccnt when actually most guilty. Somii years ngo, Victoria was ruled b; a teetotal Chief Secretary, fiy a happ; law of compensation, his colleagues wcr — well — quite tho reverse. Tho Chie invited the other members of the Cabine to dinner, to their infinite dismay ' What shall we do V pitiously in quired a jovial nnd learned law officei ' Shall we take together something be fore we go ? Or could we smuggle in i buttle of brandy thin, and keep it nude the table ?' It was considered that tii latter course would be discourteous, am might bo discovered, so it was deter mined to brave tbc worst and, trust t Providence. The dinner passed -off hoav ily enough, and at length tho ciotli wai removed. At this juncture, a servan appeared boaring in solemnly a couple o promising-looking bottles. The reassnr ing opparation caused nn nppreciativ glow. ' Sure .the devil isn't as black a he's painted,' whispered Lands to hi neighbour. The spoil was broken, how ever, -when the host in blandest tones re commended to the attention of his guest a ' remarkably fine sample of raspberr vinegar, manufactured by Mrs. ? herself,' indicating his wife. Lands wa soized with sudden indisposition. ' Cal a cab instantly,' cried Law, ' and I'l take him home.' Others good- natured!; offered, to assist. And when that cal was fully freighted, the sailing order, were to drive furiously to tbe neares tavern where the strongest whiske; and the hottest .water could be relied on Lectures bt tub Tichborke Claim ant.— pur London 'cprrespondentwrites — TbeClnimant is rery qniet at prosen but it ninst not be supposed that he ii silent. He has gjvtn up Us popular ad dresses in reference to his nppronchinj trial, and taken to delivering lectures descriptive of his'!ife and adventures ii Australia.' From the accounts in tbi provincial papers the idea seems to hnvi proved a happy one. At Worcester, thi Music Hall was crowed, largo numberi being unable to obtain seats. In thi course of his lecture, the claimant gavi what tho local paper calls 'a singular!] uninteresting' account of his travels ii various parts of the world, dwelling es pecially on bis doings in Chili and Peru and on the manners and pustomB of thi people of those countries. He describee bis journey across the Cordilleras, and hie visits to Cordova, Monte Video,' Bit Janeiro, and other places. From Ric Janeiro lie travelled it6 New York and then Trent to' Australia. He said he should have had great pleasnre in telling them how he got to Melbourne, but it was a prohibited subject. At Melbourne, when he had not a shilling in his pocket, ho met a squatter, who offered to give him 30s. a week and to find him in all he re quired. He thought that was better, than ' knocking about Melbourne,' nnd there fore entered the' man's service. He went into tbe interior, and in two years became head stockman, and in three years bad charge of a station. ' No matter,' he observed, ' what anybody may say of a stockman's iifc in Australia, I havo very great plcnsuro in saying that those were the happiest years of my life. It is very different to what it is in England. There you can go nnd hunt or shoot when you like ; you have no game license to pay. I remained in the Anslralian colonies for twelve years, nnd I feel proud to sny I havo worked twelve years of my life for my living. And I don't hesitats to eay — although probnbly many of you will say it is very bad taste — but if my lime was to come over again I would sooner be a atocltman in the Australian colonies than I would bo gentloman of £10,000 a year in Englnnd. There's no douht the iifo of a Rtockman is a very hard life indeed. I bitve been four months and twenty-five days in the mountains without seeing a human creature of any description, and for three months I never slept under a roof, travelling with cattle. But still, for all that, I enjoyed the life, and all that I can say is that, if it w*s not for my children, I certainly should never remain' in this country fighting in the manner that I am, but should soon bo off again to Australia.' At tbc close of his lecture, the claimant said : — ' I do not propose to keep you any longer; therefore I shall take the opportunity of telling yon, my fellow-countrymen, that shouldnnyof you feel inclined to emigrate, do not attempt to go to Brazil, Paraguay, or the Argen tine Republic. Remember the English Colonies are open to you. Ycuwili always find work for tliOBe who are willing to1 work, nhd you will receive every comfort in those colonies yon will receive in Old Etiglnnd. But my advice to you id, if youknow when you are well off stop where yon arc. Ladies and gentlemen, we are on the eve of a great climax. It is to be hoped that to- morrow the bulwarks of Old England will be prevented from being knocked down any longer.' These lectures may not help him to win the Tichbornc estates, but they certainly will tend to direct working-class attention to tbe Antipodes, for the claimant— who- ever ho may be — is evidently sincere on one point — his intenso affection for Aus tralia.— S. M. Herald A ornw.eman who was formerly Brstish Consul at Ankow was arrested in Sydney on Saturday morning. The proceedings which havo issued in his ar rest were instituted by the Secretary of State for tho Colonies, and it is alleged that tho prisoner has been guilty of de falcations to the amount of about two thousand pounds. A police officer ar rived by the mail steamer on Friday to farther the ends of the prosecution. A boy named Goddard, eight years of ngo, residing at Grafton, was stupified with drink, and never rallied. It is sup posed the poor lad was induced to drink a quantity of mm by an old man. At the inquest, James Houison, M.D., stated that when ho saw the deceased at half-past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, he was convulsed, the pupils dilated, and bo was informed deceased had been in t'.mt slate since 2 o'clock that morning, without intermission. He ordered a warm hath, and saw deceased again in an hour, when ho found him sinking hut, and when witness called again at noon, ho found him dead; from the symptoms before death, and the appear ance of the bndy after, he was of opinion that death was caused by congestion of the brain, such as would be produced by and overdose of raw spirit j there wero no external injuries visible that could have produced such symptoms ; he did not obsorve the smell of spirits upon deceased ; there would bo no way of proving the presence of spirits so long after death. The jury, after bearine the foregoing evidonce, arrived at tho fol lowing verdict: — ' That the deceased Richard Thomas Goddard met his death at Grafton, on the 4tb of May, from an overdose of intoxicating drink, taken the day previous, but by whom tho spirits woro administered there was not' sufficient proof to satisfy the jury.' Os Friday weok last (snys the Yats Courier), about 3 o'clock in the after noon, a large stable, milkiog-sbed, &c;, tho properly of Mr. William Carter, of Mumimba'teuian, were discovered to be on fire, and, as no cause can be assigned for tho origin of the conflagration, Mr. Carter is inclined to the opinion that it wasmaliciously set fire, to by some per son desirous of- doing him /some injury. As there was a large quantity of straw lying outside the premises, all that could be done by those on the spot wag to en deavor to prevent the five from attaching the neighbouring buildings — tho dwell ing- house, large barn, and' other slab erections. Of course the stable, £c, with tontents, were completely, destroyed.' The estimated loss exceeds £100.' Tbe building contained a new chaff-cutter, several tons of hay,- and other property. Mr. Carter offers ' a reward; of £50 for Eurh information as will lond to the con viction of the incendiary, in the event of the premises having - been wilfully set fire to. ' ? ? ' : We iearn from tne Clar' nee Examiner that Mrs.' Bassman, residing at Ballina, had lifted a Jarge pot of ' Irish stew'' from off tbe fire, and left it to procure ft dish. She had hardly turned her back, when all her children collected around it, and, while watching- the ascents of the savory vapor, one of them fell on it, and upset it, and the contents frightfully scalded her, from her neck downwards. She. was immediately undressed and bat into wraps, coated with whiting. and oil, bnthor injuries being beyond human assistance, she lingered only a few hours. ' Thb ship Rifleman arrived from London, bringing the psrticulsrs of a: most cold blooded murder, perpetrated: on Captain Longmnir, and the narrow \ escape of tbe chief officer and boatswain from . the some . terrible fate. The | steward of 4he, resssl is charged with ! having commited this murder. His name is William Crass, a German.- The; leading features of this terrible crime wej gave in a slip which .was issued. , The ; sworn detailed account, as set forth in the ship's log, is snbstantially as follow : j —On March IStb, in latitude SI.S5 6.,: longitude 84 W,, the chief officer, .Mr.' Morgan, had . the middle .watch,, and about 4.40 the steward brought him up a cup of coffee, which he drank, and then ? .walking aft to the compass, was told by ths helmsman that the crew thought something h»d been wrong with the grog us all bunds had been vomiting the day before. Mr. Morgan was thinking over the matter, when the steward' came on deck and said that Captain Longmnir wanted him ; he of -course went below, the steward following, when be got to the captain's cabin he called out ' Do you want me sir?' and almost immedi ately received a violent blow over the left tempio. Atthongh partially stunned he turned round, and as he did so be received a second blow; seeing it ?' was tha steward he immediately closed with him and got his arms round him. In the struggle he got the steward against tbe foot of the captain's berth ; calling on tbe boatswain for assistance, who immediately rushed in and assisted in holding the steward's hands ; but unwittingly be letono go, when the steward immediately drew a revolver and firing at the boatswain drove the bullet into bis neck. - Mr. Morgan seeing tho boatswain fall, and thinking he was killed, attempted -again to secure the steward's hands, and nt last got him' fast by the wrists and threw him on tho cabin deck, bat not before ho bad time to ? fire a second shot, which, barely missing Mr. Morgon's bead, buried itself in one of tbe boaum Mr. Newton, tbe second officer, .hearing ealls for belp and tho discbarge of flroanns, ran into the cabin with the rest, of the watch, and after some difficulty Crass - traB «ecnrod nnd , disarmed-; dreading Uio worst, h light was /prdcurcit and' onviremoring 'tha' - covbrict fticarfal'-aiffhtUnot thoir eyes. There lay tGaptaiit Lbngmuir with his head beaten ill and quite aead,anrl the mattress, brdding,and berth deluged in blood : hehad evidently never struggled, hut must have died from tho effects of a single blow, or perhaps accelerated by straugulntion, as a piece of long line was round the unfortunate man's throat and drawn quite tight. ' Crass, on being -i searched, was found to hare a second pistol (single barrel) concealed on him, also a dagger and long, knife -and 24 cartridges; and oh the floor of lLo captain's room, an iron channel bolt was picked np, about 2 feet long and woigh ing 5 lbs.— doubtless tho fatal instru ment used, as tha mark of the bolt head is on the beam over the berth, as if it had been caused by raising the boll too high; five pieces of lino of similar des cription and length were also found in the steward's berth,, Tiie captain's body was pnt into spirits, snd has been brought on to Sydney. Crass, after being well seenred, was pluced ia tlio deck house, and on hit arrival was taken on shore by the Water Police. He denies auy knowledge of the crimes . which have been committed. Captain Longninir had for many years intimately conncctod with, this port, in command of.: some of the finest 'ships ; ho was a most kind-henrted genial ntan, and respected ' by all who knew him. He has left a wife and a large family. , Immediately the sad affair became known tho flngs on board the various vessels were lowered to half-mast as a mark of respect. The report that Kmuss, alias Prowtz, ; would be brought up at the Water Polico Court attracted a crowd of porsons to that locality on Saturday morning. The accused was received iuto tho custody of: Senior-constablo Martin, about 1' 6'clock : on Friday afternoon, snd WiiJe being brought. a6hore, tnade some Temnti's' tending to criminate himself. After his: arrival at the station-house, he evinced no disposition to.' speak; nnd when brought from his cell on Saturday morn ing, to be charged with the attempted murders of Mr. Morgan, chief officer, and Mr. Nicholls, boatswain of the ship, her merely said he knew nothing about them. Tho prisoner is a muscular framed man, of about 5 feet 6 in height. His.foaturcs are more French than German, , and rather unprepossessing. He has what is commonly called a, bad face, a restless determined expression about the eye, and' a hard firm look about the mouth, tho upper; portion of which projects consjder , ably. When askqd , by the Water Pol ice Magistrateif he hatf any question to ask the .approhendiug /constable, he shook his.beed and replied, in gqpd, English, ' 'So, sir. ' The cast of spirits' contain-; ing ; Captain ; .Longrrjnir's( ; body^ was brought ashore,to .the Morgue at an/early, hour thU. roprningr, .and »fter (the Qoto^ ner'sjury.wereempannelieditwas opened in their presence, and in that of the pri soner, who seemed quite unmoved. On examination. of the scalp. Dr. Hamilton found a severe .injury tctbesknll, appar ently inflicted; by such ;a weapon as that with which the, mate wasyittacked. This was an .extensive frapture, , snfficjent- to account for. the causa of death,,bjut as it was supposed that the,deceajBed badbcen dnigged.in order ix- render him incapable of offering Resistance, , an examination of the.stpjnacb.^aB.jprdered to, be made, JS'hsk.r*? JS^yniPP were in.;t}ie,dead- house, an.immenBe crow&okperspijs; ooj. b?cted. abp.Bt,jt, aBxip,us,ito ofetajp ja ,TJew of tbe prisoner. While being removal to *b,e. i pijsenreri Tftyern,, , where | thei in aficgt,.^.;^^ heM,,4iiB,,ffas jclpsety Bcrutinixed [bj.-bundreds, .but ^id ,nftt ap pear ,in ,thp ,8)igbtest;degrpojconcerned or at nil affected ,liy .the horrible {charge on which he, jpa.Tin, {custody. ,;W,ben the proceedings mqjour,nod/or the day,(jiero ^rasanpther.^arge1ponpoiir8entt.fiperBonB wailing for bis removal, and bis appear- \ once .called forth. n_otB lew muttered im preca^ons^,pap.taii(;Lqngniuir'fi^emaiiiip faavo boon removed on board; the Alex ander, Duthie, and hispfunaral ;wns apr pointed to take place from that vessel on Monday forenoon.; j :Thrpqghont,#e day, |tbe flags, were nt half- mast o& all, of 'the ..ships inrpertj.andionilie, v«wus build ingsconpepted w,ithi the 8bipj-ipg,inter- .est.-r& fc-atrala-^n,,,,; n!.:,i,l; ., ? ? :, I WB.^nderstand thatjths.^jrsrnnient have sent ;to. the;,GoYernment of, .Tftctoria ,anjBgreonjent;uj respect, of.,0ie'nJiurray Biver.rCijstomB (duties, ,duly: executed, which it jisboped. wiii, jneet the v^ews of .ibe .Victorian XJovernmp.nt. .,, A)l that re . mains to bo done,; £berefpref js, that the treaty 'shall ;bs signed'; by : Victoria in ifder Oak tho^pllepUopiof^he^utiei mfty-ie suspendedj-rA M*.fferald.-n,\ -FrinU* and ruilj.J««rh,JTa?*jL«;-pfffiAX *«« ~ pud Obbrab ;Willmm SrBWa (uiUprnpttinlttit , the Ojfee of Tun KixIeo MiBOTlT, ShirprltrH t '? Cemns, Ntw Sn/H With,' ''' ' ' '?'??? „ 