To the Bitter End, BY MISS BRADDON. He looked round the room, witb utter despair in liis eyes, with the look which a man might give who stood ameng the ashes of his home. What would the burning of Brierwood or the loss of every sixpence whereof he stood possessed, have been to him, compared with the loss of his child ' And it was for this I worked,' he muttered passing his arm across his forehead with a half bewildered air ; ' it was for this fortune favoured me i' Then, after a. pause, he said, suddenly ' Tou did something, J suppose ; you took some means to find out what had be come of her ? You didn't sit down to eat and drink and sleep, while she was a wanderer and an outcast p ' ' We did everything, Richard,' replied Mrs. James— her husband stood by speechless, Btaring at his brother with dumb compassion. 'John Wort would tell us nothing about Mr. Walgry; but he was very sorry for what had hap pened, and he weat'up to to wn to see Mr. Walgry, and taxed him with having tempted Grace away, and Mr. Walgry denied it. He knew nothing about her. He had never seen her since he left this house, lie declared.' ' Lying would come easy to the man who could tempt that child away. Was there no one eke you suspected ?'' ' No «ne else.' And then, little by little, Hannah Redmayne told the whole story of Hubert Walgrave's re sidence at Brierwood. He had been attentive to Grace, it is true, but no more attentive than any man might be who happened to find him self in daily association with a pretty girl. From first to last he had shown himself a gen tleman. Mrs. Redmayne was emphatic upon that point. Then came the reluctant admission that Grace had drooped after hie departure ; and no one bad thought of patting the two facts together. And then the story of the locket. Richard Redmayne sat like a statue, with a dark frown upon his face, but no farther ex pression of his anger, while Aunt Hannah rambled on helplessly. His heart was on fire with resentment against these kindred of his who had suffered his darling to be lost. In his mind it was a certain thing that they could have saved her, that she had perished by reason of their carelessness. But he said very little. Suoh a griff bb his is apt to be dumb, and as yet there was a kind of numbness about his feel ings that dulled the sense of grief . The news had stunned him. When Aunt Hannah had said all she could say, with no interruption save a fW words mumbled now and then feebly by Fnolt James, Richard Redmayne rese abruptly aua put on his hat. ' You're not going out to-night, Richard ?' exclaimed his sister-in-law, glancing at the clock. It waB half-past nine— a late hour ac cording to Brierwood habits. ' I am going to John Wort. I am going to call him to account fur this business.' ' Don't be hard upon him, Rick,'' Mrs. James pleaded. ' He did everything for the best.'' ' Hard upon him ! Between, you, you have let my daughter go to her ruin. Do you think there can be much softness in me for any one of you f Hard upon him ; hard upon the man who sent a scoundrel into my house with a false character P I wish to God the days were not over when men shot each other down like dogs for a smaller injury.' ' He's an old man Richard, and has been a good friend to you. Remember that.*' ' I'll remember my daughter. You've no call to look bo scared, woman. I shall keep my hands off him. Nothing I could do to him would be any good to her. I want to find my daughter. Do you think any shame that has fallen upon her will lessen my love P I want to find her, that's all, to take her away with me to the other end of the world. Once let me hold her in my arms, I'll answer for the rest. There doesn't live upon this earth the man who could divide us, no, not if he was her hus band.' He went out into the calm summer night, all the stars shining down upon him from the vault above, not with the fiery lustre of those planets which he had watched of late, but with a milder, holier beam, that touched his heart like a memory of the past. O dear familiar garden, where he had beer so happy with the child of his love! the dumb inanimate things cried ont to him like living voices. The home look of the place struck him with a sharper anguish than he had suffered yet. Everything was unchanged — and she was gone ' He passed quickly throughjthe garden, steeling him self against this anguish ; out at the wicket Ste, through the f ragant meadow, and on by tt footpath along which Grace had gone to her doom. Kingsbury was awake yet. It was ten o'clock when Richard tiedmayne crossed the common after half an hours sharp walking; bat thelighta still trembled feebly in the general shop; and the three public-houses, which made a kind of fiery triangle, a terres trial constellation on the village green, were ?till inthe full flash of trade. -How Btrange all things seemed to the wand erer, and yet how familiar ! Had he been away half a century, or only a week ? What a stag nant world it was compared to that he had lived in of late ! It seemed as if |the same Tillage idlers were gossiping at ..the open door of the Coach and Horses ; the same clumsy figure leaning against the doorpost, pipe in mouth ; the same carrier's horse drinking at the trough. He passed them by, with a sense of seeing them dimly as in a dream ; yet even with this dreamlike feeling there was blended the thought of how he should hav« come upon this same spob, these same people, had all been well with him, their noisy welcome, their eager interest in him as an adventurer and a hero He could see the picture of himself amidst a circle of curious friendly faces, telling the story of his travels. He passed them by un noticed, aad walked straight on to the ereen palings before Mr. Wort's trim dwelling -one of the neatest habitations in Kingsbury— a square box of a house, with dazzling green Winds, and a little flight of dazzling stone Iteps leading up to a great brass plate, bo large as almost to extmifuisa the door that sustained it. The land steward was a bachelor, and, through out the period of his mature maah-.od had sat on one chair, on one side of his hearth, so that he had worn a shabby patch in the carpet at that particular spot; and as Mr. Wort never or h*rdly ever, received visitors, all the other chairs had spent their lifetime ranged with their backs .gainat the walls of the small square parlour and had the air of being immovable and not intended for m.akiud to «t upoa That one side of the parlour beartb, and a cor ner of the mantelpiece wbere--n to put his pipe and a little iron bedstead to sleep upon up! ? stairs, comprised Mr. Wort's occupation of bis own house. He took bis meals in the kitchen it saved messing in the parlour, his house! keeper to d bun-there being a notion current in Jtingsbnry that a parlour was an apartment pOrC;'°',V'Uhe vul*»r »*es of bummitv Perhaps M,-. Wort, in hitfnmwt heart, rather preferred the kitchen to the parlour, with its bnght Kidderminster carpet, and green-«kss candlesticks, and basket of shell-flowew onSe mantelpiece For hi* actual work he had a little shed of an office, built out at the s-'de of liis house, where he paid wages and wrote let- ' tors on a battered old ink- stained desk. There was a light in the window of this office; so Mr. Redmayne went straight to the narrow half-glass door, turned the handle, and went in. John Wort was looking over a bundle _ of papers by tbe light of his office- lamp, frowning meditatively as he did bis work. He looked up suddenly en the opening of the door, and, at sight of Richard Redmayne started, as if he had seen a ghost. 