TOPICS OF THE DAY The following is a return of staple produce shipped from Part Wakefield during the week ending Saturday, August 9:—Wheat, 463 bags; bark, 114 bags. It is stated on good authority that Mr. H. F. Downer wilt receive the appointment of Government Resident and Judge in the Northern Territory. The P&ntechnatheca; appeared at Glen Osmond on Tuesday evening, and wu warmly appreciated by a large attendance. This even ing it will appear at Norwood. A meeting of Catholics will be held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall this evening, " for the pnrpose of expressing their regird and esteem for the Catholic Bishop elect, and pre senting him, in token thereof, a pastoral staff." Mr. Brock, leader for the Kapunda and Northern Territory Prospecang Ventura, tele graphs to Mr. John Small, that he is raising BpUndid stone, and is in want of food miners to carry on the work. He has only one man and i cinnot get moie. The Hon. T. Reynolds, M.P., will j lecture this evening, in White 1! Boom, on his recent trip to the Northern Territory, Java, Timor, and Ceylon. The proceeds are to go to the Poit Darwin Hospital Fond. Hi* Excel lency Governor Humgnve has signified his in tention of being present at the lectnie. An inquest was held on Monday after noon, llth instant, at the Wheatsheaf Inn, Thebarten, before Dr. CUndeinng, J.F., and a Jarr of 12— Mr. George Dew, foreman—on the body of Edwin Alexander Lowe, aged six weeks, who was found dead in bed that morning. A verdict of " Death from natural canses" was returned. On Tuesday reports were current at Port Adelaide and in town first that the Sfary King, and then the Pioneer, both bonne fromhere tofthe Northern Territory, wen lost, with mil hands, ft was, however, ascertained beyond doubt that there was no foundation for either raraor. How such statements originated it ii impossible to discover. On Monday evening, August 11, the Liedercranz entertained tbe members of the Liedertifel to a sapper at the National Hotel. At an excellent repast, provided by Host Jann, Mr. E. Lellmaan presided. Mr. Armbrnster complimented the members of the Liedercranz on the great piugieas they had made during the past year, and it was sug gested that the Olnhs should —i?l B ??«to. Several fine pieces were sung by both Societies, and Messrs. Chriitenand Oehlmann eontribnted excellent airs. The following is Tuesday monungVs weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line:—Beltasa, N., light, over cast, light rain in night ; Strangways Springs, calm, light, cloudy, threatening; Peaks, calm, cloudy; Charlotte Waters, N.W., light, dear, warm; Alice Springs, K., very light, fine, dear ; Barrow Creek, E., light, fine, dear, cold ; Tea- j nantCreeV, S.E., molerate, fine, dear, cod; Towell Creek, 8., light, fine, clear, cool; Ddy Waters, S.E., light, fine, dear; Kathe rine, calm, hazy, cloudy; Tarn Oreek, 8.5.8., moderate, fine, warm; Port Darwin, calm, I dear, fine, warm. A lecture on " The Gipsies" was de livered in the Mount Lofty Schoolroom, Bast Torrent district, by Mr. a Davis, in aid of tie funds of the said school, on Thursday evening, the 7th instant. The lecture* which was very interesting and amusing, was enlivened at in tervals by solos, duets, and song*—Miss Dane presiding at the harmonium. A very pleasant evening was spent bat for one drawback—the presence of person* who mike it their business continually to create distnrbanee and annoy ance at such gatherings in the billa. Totes of | thanks were heartily given to the choir and lecturer. Proceeds satisfactory. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Mon day and the same honr on Tuesday, August 12, is registered as follows : — ! The Port Adelaide Dramatic Club gave { an entertaiment on Monday evening in aid of the f anda of the Free and Industrial School at the Port. There was a very good attendance, considering the threatening state of the weather. Parts from "Hamlet" were placed on the board*, vie . the Ghost and Qraveytrd aoenes. in wliioh Mr. T. Smith, Jan., took the part of Hcmtet, and Mr. K. H. Snddook that of the Ghent Horatio was performed by Mr. J. B. j Blair; Bernardo, Mr. George lake. The (rave diggeia being represented by Mew*. Plint and j Run; and subordinate parts by other membsrs of the company. The dresses were from the wardrobn of Mr. R. H. Kay, and were very appropriate. Mr. Smith deserves great eredit for the evident care he took with his part, mud we we not saying too tnnoh when we pronounoe his performuioe as being excellent. The other characters were also well sustained. The fane of "The Tipperary Legacy" oonetaded the en tertainment at an early honr. A meeting of batchers (masters and jonrneyaun) <ru held at the taondon Inn, Flinders-street, on Monday eveniag—Mr. Back hunt presiding. The proposed rales for the new Association were read. A conversational discussion followed. The length of the ordi nary day's work for batchers mi pointed oat, and it was argued that by anch bat little time was given to the em ployei for intellectual study and culture; and the wages, it was said, that they worked! for, ware inadequate. Several employers ax pressed their sympathy with the objects ■ought for by the men, and coincided with their views. The hours, it was stated, were too long, both for employers and employed. It was suggested that the best manner to adjust differences would be to appeint* deputation from die mom to wait upon the masters. Mr. Bennett, the Secretary, then offered to act ai a delegate, and ■aid he would call a meeting to consider (be questions in dispute, which was agreed to. The proceedings c included by a vote of thanks accorded to the employers for their attendance. The following telegrams relative to Im migration have been laid before Parliament:— From Commissioner of Crown Lands to Emi gration Agent—Take preliminary steps for dis patching forthwith two emigrant ships, princi pally agriculturists, free and ssiiatafl. Dis patched 4.30 p.m. 24th July, 1873.—Fr?m Commissioner of Crown Lands to Emigration Agent-New Ministry—Blyth, Mann, Glvde, Everard, Bright. Parliament net Friday. Select forthwith about 500 free emigrants. Charter two chips sail August, with free and assisted. Dispatched 2 o'clock p.m. 26th JaW 1873.—From Emigration Agent to Commis sioner of Crown Lands—First step is to adver tise terms. Are present assisted passage rates and ages maintained? Are agricultural ?"< other laborers, miners, single women beet And what limit of age for free passage? Please decide Smith's cue. Dispatahed SSth July. LlO p.m. 26th July, 1(78. 5.26 p.m.-From Commissioner of Crown Lands to Endgratioa Agent—Assisted regulatus* unaltered. Free ages under 40 except single women. Select very carefully. Agriculturists principally wanted next harvest. Pay their expenses to ship If necessary. Retain Smith. 30th July, 1873,12.30 p.m. Adelaide ... 0358 Stntfattbrn ... 0*110 Gawler ... 0*280 Gumeradui ... 0*680 Tannnda ... 0-330 WiUung? ... 0*5!0 Blanchetown... 0O50 Nomanville ... 0'35S E&pnnda; ... 0D60 Port BUiot ... 0«9S Auburn ... 0300 Ooelm ... O-080 Wallaroo ... 0110 HoQreth'a Fist 0-240 Moonta ... 0120 MonntO*inhier 0410 CUie 0-290 PenoU 0"650 Bun 0-100 Nurmcoorte ... 0*400 Melnwe ... 0*390 Wentwortu ... 0*165 Hoont Barker. 0*390 