TEETOTAL FANATICISM. To thle Editor of tle Qeaetsland Times. Srn-No one can more approve of the apostolio maoim, "Be tgmperate in all things," than I do. I state tliis because, as I have frequently something to say upon the doings of the various hydraulic societiese, I might be accused of defending or encouraging drunk. onness. It is, however, one thling to resist attacks upon personal liberty nod expose fallaeies, but quite another tling to defend or excuse a man's making a beast of himself. Usaum nui tollil abtsus (the abuse does notdo away with the use) is an old thesis against which there is a dead set made by teetotallers of every denomination. The argumeits adduced by the adro cates for total abstinence from all alcoholic " brerr. ages" would, if carried out to their logical conse quencce, very soon depopulate the world. One teetotal argument against a eoderale use of stimulants is that, "if there were no temperance smen there would be no drunkerde." Now, it would be quite suoleient to remark in answer that if there were no temperate men they would all be drunkards. But put it in another light.' I think the most ardent tee. totaller (if any teetotaller can be ardent) will not deny that prostitutiou in the present day is an evil as great as drunkenness, and, as far as women are concerned, one great canuse of drunkenness. Will, then, the teetotaller argue that, because prostitution is perhaps the most crying evil of the day -not even excepting drunkenness-iall sexual connection is, or ought, to be abolished P It is no ansewer to say that the Scripture orders us to "increase and multiply;" and that marriage has been instituted as a cheek upon unbridled lust; for tile cheek entirely fails to perform its ogice, and, according to their own argument, "if there were no moderate sexual intercourse there would be no prostitution !" " What is sauce for lbhe goose is sauce for the gander." Again, no book has been more abused than the Bible; and the Bible was nover more abused than in h book called " The Wives of the Bible." Then, of course, no one ought to read the Bible. Once more, I think few will deny that dress ham at all times, and more especially of lats years, been most outrageously abused. I would nask, then, which is the truest alternative, to moderate the disgraceful extravgante of dress, or to abolish it altogether and go naked P And yet thi latter would be the choice of every consistent teetotaller. Nor wpould suoh a choice be original, for we have already the example of some of Luther's spawn, the Mon starites; and the " Pra-Adamites; 1 will say nothing of our sable brethren in Queensland. I read with much admiration the account of the recent dedication of the Temple of Teetotal at Been leigh. My admiration was called forth by the poetic burst of fervour, evidently inspired by copious droaughts of that ags pura which was one of the heathen deities addressed. "Filling a goblet." Fill ing a goblet! one can't help it, but it does somehow remind one of theatres, or music-halls, or coal-holes, or Evans's, or "The Cider Cellars," or some suech awfully wicked places. " Friend of my soul, the goblet sip, 'Twill hease the pensive tear; 'Tis not so sweet as wommin's lip, But, hbo! 'tis more sincere." Or "Flow, thou regal purple stream, Tinted by the solar beam; In my goblet sparkling rise, Cheer my'art and glad mine heyes'," will somehow arise in one's mind st the sight of "fill ing a goblet," although this particular goblet may have been filled by "Brother W.V.T. B. Skimns." What a mine of pootic wealth lies hidden in the very name Skilines itself, if one could but find one word in the English language to rhyme with it I "The W.V.T. (Brother H. Skiines), filling a goblet with water, said, ' Best and purest of all earthly beverages-God's best gift to man-proclaiming His power sad majesty in the thunders of the inighty cataract; His gentle lore in the melodious murmur of the mountain stream; and His glory in the radiant beauty of the overarching rainbow; thy glorious manifestations throughout the wide domain of Nature teach us the holiestlessons of duty to ourselves, to our race, and to our Oreator." To a reader who has not "got up the steam" to a proper pitch by copious draughts of "pure water," all this seems very poetical indeed, but certainly not very orthodox. What would be said of a Roman Catholic or "Hitualist" priest who apostro. phised the blessed sacrament as Brother Sklfins apose tropises "pure water P" And how have we misunder stood Protestant theological teachingP I, at least, always supposed it asserted that the Holy Scriptures " taught us the holieet lessons of duty to ourselves, to our race, and to our Creator!" It now turns out that water is the teacherof all this I But why does Brother Shkiflns confine this teaching to the "thunders of the mighty cataract, the melodious murmurings of the mountain stream, and radiant beauty of the overarche ing rainbow?" Do "the thunders of the mighty" ocean teach us nothing P Do "the melodious mur mourinags" of the gently rippling wares teach us nothingP Do the mighty ever-flowing rirv6rs teach us nothing P Again, where Brother Skiins got the pare water from in Queensland is a mystery the secret of whichl is worth knowing. But, alas!. Brother I Skillas might learn from a paragraph in one of your recent issues that the "purest (eesmingly) water'" is notalways "God's best gift toman ;" thatan cemi nent French soavant has recently traced the spread of diarrhea and cholera to its use, not to its abusel Were you or Brother SkifBins ever at Harrowgate, high or low, or at Dimsdale Spa on the Tees P Had you been, you would have discovered that a hundred of the rottenest of rotten eggs broken under your nose would not have so great an effect on your olfactory nerves as a single ' goblet" of the pure, sparkling, crystal lymph drawn fresh from one of the wells. And now that I have mentioned wells I may observe that after all there seems to be some truth in the old pro. verb "It is better to leave the well alone:'," though it does contain " God's best gift to man ;" and that Brother SkiBluos's statement, " water teaches us the holiest lessons of duty to ourslfees and to our Creator" is not always correct, at any rate if the following paragraph is to be relied on. "Paris is anxious about her yeoung women, who have of late displayed an unusual propensity to commit suicide in oeUlls. Eighty per cent. of these, it should be said, are washerwomen (more water!), who declare that, when they lean over to draw soater, they are seited with a species of delirium (tremens?) which impels them to throw themselves down!" It is refreshing, too, to find the Catholic faith spreading even amongst Noneonformista; "may the angels of Faith, Hope, and Charity here plead the story of their mission until our gleaming banners," &e.; It is the irst time I have known angels to be inroked by Protestants; and, talk of water not ihspiring grand thoughts, when two or three yards of party-eolourod glsted calico or booting stuck on the top of a pole become, to a mind saturated with water or washy ten, "gleaming banners proclaim ing to a raneomed world the noble triumphs of our auseI !" The world "ransomed," mind you,not by the death of our blessed Saviour, but by the howling fanaticism of teetotallers! Surely, oh yes, surely, Mr. G. W.C. T., there mnust have been a few "Steele drope" mingled with the aequa pura to have raised you to such a pitch es this! I find the worthy chap' lain, a member and minister too of one of "the straightest sects of" Noneonformists--tbhe Congrega? tional Independent-foallowing in the same line: "A noble temple was consecrated as a sacred shelter for the altars of Faithl, Hope, and Charity!" Troly they have already "kindled the fires of a lofey inspiration and zeal:'," hare these " sacred alters of Faith, Hope, and Charity," thoughl it does seem a strange thing to the uninitiated to "kindlefires" with neater. After all this, we all must be seory, though not ear' prised, to find that in rjenting the Spiritthese re markably good Templars lhave embraced the Flesh. Let us first turn to the October No. (1871) of the Coolemporary Reriee In it we shall find an article entitled " Thie Flrshly Sebool of Poetry. By Thomas Mailland" (Kr. Buehanan--not 'the M.L.A. for the Warrego ditrict). In this article we find the follow ing :-" Let us ask the reader's attention to a pecu li:arity to which all the students of the fleshly school must sooner or lIter give their attention-we mean the habit of naccenting the last syllable in words which it; ordinary epeceh are ccented on the penultimate, '.Betwean lhe hands, between the bromws, Between the lips of LoveLillee!'". (Mark, Mr. Editor, tilhe remarkable coincidence of the uneon of "Sister Love, jun., who kindly presided at the piano," with that Charles who lately was safely delivered of a lecture on temperance before the Good Templars.) Still better as an illustration are the lisee "Saturday nighta is marketnight Everywhere, be it dry or wet, And market-night in tite Haymarkel." Which the reader may advantageously compare with Mrs. Morris's SThen said the King Thankehd be thou, neitlerfor nolhing Shalt thou this good deed do for me." or Mr. Swinburne's " In either of the twain Red roses full of rain; She hallth for bondwomen All kinds of flowers." Now let us turn to the concluding hymn of this gor' geous water pageant " With joy, O Lord, we dedicate Our temple unto Thee, Aud crave Thy blessing when we meot In Faith, Hope, Charity. " Here may the Star of Temperance beam A light along our way, SAnd all our hearts united seem In Faith, IIope, Charity! " From bondage to King Alcohol May all our band be free, And ervery heart beat in this dall For Faith, Hope, Charity. " May Peace her white wings fold above The band that oft may be Here gathered in tile bonds of Love, (ohl !), Of Faithl, Hops, Charity." The reviewer goes on to say: "It is in all reepools a sign of remarkable genius to rhyme uas' with 'gross,' 'dcath' with 'lieth,' 'love' with 'of,' 'once,' with ' uns,' and so on ad tnuseaem. We are far from disputing the value of bad rhymes used ocea sionally to break up the monotony of the verse," &c.; In applying these " fleshlly" tests tothehymn, we find both "peculiarities": first, the accentuation of the ultimate syllable ; secondly, " bad rhymes"-of suchl a nature as makes us t?uncy we can trace the inspiration to a Hibernianu source. In the first stanza we have "whoa we meet" (mate) to rhyme with dedicate; in the second we have "charity" (tay) to rhyme with "our way;" as for "alcohol" rhyming with "in this hall," I fairly give it up. But, to be seriqes, in tile Queenslander of April 19 appeared a letter signed "Pro Ohristo ct Patri&," end dated from Burnett. The pretended object of this letter is zeal for teetotalism; the real object is to at tack the Anglican Chbnrch and clergy. The letter throughout exhibits the usual logical "peculiarities" of the teetotal school. Jumping to the end of the Bret somewhat lengthy paragraph, we find the follow. ing:'--" The late Dr. Brinton observed, ' One glass of wine will take the edge off the mind.'" To confess ignorance of Dr. Brinton's ever having aisted is, of course, "to argue myself unknown." Buch, however, is tbshe case withsme. I now learn he must have been a man of wonderfully scientifi8e parts to have made the discovery that the mind has "an edge?' and still fur thor thet that "edge is taken off by one glass of wine." Setting aside, then, all the theologians, poete, arohi. teets, painters, musicians, classical scholars, atrrono mers, of ancient and modern times, who have flourished in foreign wine-produeing countries, and who all par took of this blunting beverage, let us conineourselves to our own country. We shall find amongetthose who have had the "edge taken off their minds" Chauoer and Spenser, Queen Elizabeth, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope, Dryden, Addison, Steele, Dr. Johnson, Gold smith, Christopher Wren, Burke, Currnan, Grattan, Pitt, Fox, Sheridan, Garrick, Kean, Kemble, Siddons, Bently, Person, Bouthey, Coleridge, Wordsworth, Mecaulay, Froude, Grote, Tennyson, Dickens, Douglas Jerrold, A'Bleckett, Connop Thiriwall (Bishop of St. Davids), Wellington, the Napiers, &do.; and, as modesty is a spoecial characteristic of teetotallers, I eannot do better than follow such an excellent example of theirs and add to the above haphacard list of blunted-minded seots such an illustrious name as "Your Own ." Per haps "Pro Ohristo et Patrit" will kindly favour us with a list of those who have not had "the edge taken off their minds by one glass of wine." No teetotal let ter or performance would be perfect withoantadeshof blasphemy; accordingly we hare the following: " The etetistios of the United Kingdom proves that religion alone has no influence upon the minds of tbe people while they are held in slavery by the ligquor trafe I" Which is neither more nor less than sagig that the one sole means of salvation appointedby the omnipotent God, in the person of the Father, the SoN and the Holy Ghost, is and has been a miserable failure till supplemented by the ceal and devotionf a few demented idiots I No wonder, then, they dedi coate "temples"to the new divinity Teetotall The writeralso inds that" beer and the Bible, gin andthe Gospel, rum and reformation do not sound wells they cannot be linked together at one and the semetime.' But then I suppose tripes and the Trinity, glrtger beer God's beatitudes, and cakes and Obhrist, pastty and parables, tea and transgoration, jam and justfl cation, sarsaparilla and sanctifiecation, are perfeotly euphonious combinations, can "hbe linked togltherb with the greatest propriety, anud "sdveoated at:the same time" withll much uncetion, especially when they (i. e. thle former of each couplet) are "libersllyand gratuitously provided by the ladies of the congre gation," for "a fellow-feeding makes us wondrone kind." At the tea-ight of the dedication' "Grand Worihy Chief Templar of Queensland, W. Steele, Esq.gi$ris bane'," entered into some statistics regarding his order, and obserred,-" At the present time there cannot be less than a quarter of a million of Good Templse -in the old country." I will take this for .ranted then I should suppose that all the hydranlio soieties to ' gether cannot number on their books fewerthan three millions; of these three millions I will suppose thast .. one-third were atone time drunkards; they could not well get drunk on less than half-a-pint each pe? diees of some alcoholic beverage or other; they would then . imbibe one million half-piots of intoeioatieg liqbore per day, or 365,000,000 per annum-twenty-two mi *?l lions eight hundred and twelve thousand five hundred - (22,812,500) gallons per annum! "When a man sounds his own trumpet he'blows/" obeeraes Anthony Trollope, in his recent work on Australia. sFew people will feel inclined to deny that the ;braen: trumpets of teetotalism "gire no uncertain warning. Even Divinely-instituted "religion'e" is, without'the aid of humanly-devised sooieties of water-drionkers' entirely unable, in a teetotal view of the datlstiessof the United Kingdom, to cope with drankennesm. L?t os now endeavour to ascertain what "the statistis of i. tbhe United Kingdom'," from a commonasenee point of view, teach us, and see whether they bear out thhe- " " blowing" about the marvellous amount of rseforma " tion effected by hydraulic sooieties. One statistleal return shows that the quantity of intoxicating drienkst? consumed in 1872 remains erxactly the same per head : of the population as it was some years previonsly But according to my calenlation above, founded on the "blowing" of teetotaloere, instead of euetly keeping pace with the increase of population, the _ consumption of intoxicating drinks' ought to bee less by 22,812,500 gallons I Again, tbhe Suisnray Reiewo tells us, "The criminal statisetioscompiled by: the police show an increase of more than s ) er cant'" in the convictions for drnntenness before thebmangis- - t-rates in England and Wales in 1871 as compsared with the average of the previous ten years.- The-. else and customs returns show a vast increase inthe consumption of all kinds of.drink, and especialy of . spirits" I! ! So much for hydraulic societies "alone," without religion, aooording to the statistios of the' United Kingdom in a common-eosae view; andes" deoubtedly both Christ and hIis country are under a great debt of gratitude to "Pro Christo et Peatri" and his confreres for the marvellous reformation they have ' accomplibshed. Even so learned a man es .Dr. Oar: paenter, in a lecture on temperance he recently de livered at Brighton, made use of the following extra ordinary illustration of thie evils of drankennes:-" "Dr. Howe, of Massachusetts, had accurately aseer teined the?babits of the parents of 300 lunsatice, and found that the parents of 145, or rather less than one half, were drunkards:" very slocking, isn't it.P Bit what is the corollaryderivablo from this proposition P Simply this, that the parents of 155, or rather more' than one-half, were sober people!!! Prince Metter nich said, "After me, the deluge." I say, after the abore, the usual deluge-of tea and twoaddle. JOiN NELSON. Cherlerille, May 10. "Tea-fight of the edieetlon." You will observe that when .pveakingofoIe eoereeecurring orgieleswih invariably sueed "dedicationi," and "conoserations," and "openigsc," and " chuttingsd"Lnd aduetoos,'and --old cduetions," ande "clls" (sometioesy approaehi "shtouts"), and " heearings," & s., ac, w'hee, as Pope olllgi, "From nlolt speots the crateofl liquors glide, While Clolna's erieth rseeve, the setokinc tide; At once they gratlly chelr srene acd taste, And frequent oups prolonc tse rieh repast." but which tor lack of a cord in the English tincuage to apreos ynythlng so sudoric, and productive or distention and Oant leny,, tlelro lequenterss hvedeslgnatedtairde. I aleays avoid the wead" feast" or" festoial"-uot hecause I was atraid ic, to tile above ease, I used the term " Feast of the Dedisatlon" it michi be confounded wlthi tile Jewish ieast, to hlicl' ertulnly neithertea norecoffee nor twaddle were necessarily eonccmitants ; but conm a wish not to ofeend my dear brethren ofthe hlydraulie ,cclclles, for the O reeks esteemed the aot ofeatngind drsiking iplentsully a sorto ooff'stng to thie Code; and Aristle expluins tie eord "- Tloicoi" or" feasts" by an etymological ecyasltlou | that it ao thought a duty to the gods to Os drent i" though S" esy friends" wcould seem, from the eoample they' set, o gee with l'olyphene In "TIin Cyelops" of Eufpides (no doubt a very scand theologian) that "his tocmach is hta enty deity." 