captain longjiuip's 'mupuderer. Description of the Frisoner. Tho Sydney Morning Herald thus refers to the man now in the hands of tlio Sydney police on a charge of murdering Captain Longmuir.of the ship RilUmun : — " Tho man now in custody on thu ciarge ot murder -on tho lngh seas is ipare, and about middle height. Ilia ago is about thirty-five' years. Whoa brought bofore tho court on Saturday he was vory unti'ly, but this may havo been the result of b'm long confinement on board ship. It his then personal appearanco was that which ho presented wheu .discharging his duties in tbo captain's cabin, it is not surprising that ho laid himself open to re proof. Tho name which . ho at present bears is Julius Prouizlans Wilbclm Krauss, although ho is sai l to'have gono by that of . Julius Trout/.. Ho has evidently boen the recipient of a fair eduontion, and iB some thing of a linguist, if tho statement made Jiy Mr. Morgan, thnt ho found in Krauas's pantry papers and letters in different languages, is taken into consideration. He is said to havo been a schoolmaster in .his' own country ; and a letter, which will bo found in our subjoined. report of tho inquest, avill show/although there are a few trifling errors in spelling, that lie must have had a very. fair knowledge of tbo English languago Though his appearance cannot bo said to be a prepossessing one, yet his countenance is not a had ens, or ono that might be looked for in tbe alleged perpetrator of afoarful tragedy. On Saturday,- when he did speak, ho did so without hmtation, and very dia'iuctly. The question about an explosion, wliioh he said had injured his head, and his statements about his having several times beon out of bis mind, aud had his head luid open, show that ha was keenly alivo to .the realities of the position in which ho stood. Tho letter whiob lias been found in hi3 pantry (whioh has not as yet been sworn— according to- the requirements, of 'tho law of evidence— to be in ICrauss' handwriting) supplies a motive for the oomtnission of the offenou with whioh Kraues has beon charged. Ho complains of ill-treatment — "tho first, during a long sea faring life," received from the captain, and con cludes by asking whether, if a steward is struck with impunity by tho captain, ho "may n«t avenge himself according tohis ow n best way?" In anothor placo in its report of the coroner's inquest the same paper remarks :— Krauss, w-bile reference was being made to letters having been found in his pantry, in several languages, said that ho could apeak and read and write seven .with ease. One paper was shown which cmtaiood memoranda in some half dozen languages— among waich wero entries in Latin, Italian, German, French, Dutch, and English. The. memos in Litin referred to the treatment of a black teaman for a tuberculous disease ; the English aro notes of disbursimcnts of stores; one of tho French memos is to tho following effect, — "On tho morning of the 19th February wo passed tho Gape de Verde Islands, all-goes well " The momos in German are the follow ing de tached sontences :— "The loneeot day lias an end— O Lord into your hand I give my ghost and soul if oartbly hopo should fail — at times hcadacbo comes 'from much growling — Thoso who fall into the wolves don, must hold with them" Tho ih'.-mo in Italian, which, iu its bearing on the case, seems to1 bo tbo .. moat important of all, is without date, and to tho following effect : — " Tbore has been a very great row (baruffu grandissima)- with tho cap- tnin (described as 1 Signer il oapitanu') -(Quiniliation— BasFamcnto ?) who stmck me a blow on tho head. The whole thing aroso out of nothing at all on my port dosorvieg of Biich treatment " This extract wi-1 show that at the timo it was written, Krauss waa brooding over a blow received from tno cap- taiu. All tho 'memos iu tlio sovoral lan- guhees havo been written in a remarkably neat hand. They seem to have been written at different times. 