GHOSTS. I (Globe.) "WE have changed much in these days from tho old times when ghosts were almost- an article of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to ¿ain credence for his narrative without an inner reservation " that, at all events, it is very diffi- cult to account for it." In Queen Elizabeth's ktime that stage direction in "Hamlet," " Enter Ghost," struck a real chord of emotion amongst the people, and, so far from weaken- ing the fore« of the allusion, considerably heightened it by introducing a mysterious agency, as to which all were more or less sympathetic. Thus, in the Middle Ages a ghost had a dignity very different from the .Peckham apparition of these days. There is a story told in French history of a peasant of Marseilles who was troubled by an unearthly visitor. Tho peasant was to make his way to the king, and reveal to him a mes- sage that would be communicated to him ; but if he disclosed it to any one else he would die. He did disclse it to another-his wife-and he died, fulling dead on tho spot, too. The per- turbed spirit, however, though unfortunate in this choice of a messenger, revealed himself a a second time, with similar formalities and threats, and again the garrulous French nature could not keep reticent about tho news. The tale was told, and the narrator, in bia turn, died. Tet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a_ farrier. The .tale we tell is historical, and the facts precise and ascertained. The farrier kept his council, journeyed to Vev sailles, saw Gold Stick in "Waiting, who was very polite, but very obdurate. A peasant from Marseilles have an interview with the Majesty of France ! Impossible ; a thing not to be heard of ! Farrier brings forward his ghastly facts. Proof offered, asked for, given. Did not two other of the good folks of the town to whom revelation had been made die because they departed from the strict letter of their instruction? Gold Stiok was alarmed. Could not the truth of these statements be easily ascertained from the local authorities ? Gold Stick was relieved. The farrier was to call in _ a couple of days-ho called, Baw the king in private, had several interviews -with him, and returned to his own province a wealthy man, supported by the revenue, a public character from that time till his death, and probably a bachelor and misogamist, for the substance of the secret never transpired It is all historical, The best artist of tho day drew our farrier, the drawing was engraved, and copies of it exist in several private collections. One writer pro- fesses to -hare seen tke print, and says that " it represents the face of a man about thirty five or forty years of age, with an open countenance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression "-a somewhat vague description as to the whole, and one would be glad to have learnhd what was tho special .character of that expression. "Wo live in different days now, and the appa- ritions seems, notwithstanding an occasional exception, to have passed away. The ghost of the 19th century cannot keep his secret as well as his brother spirit of the 17th, and it is the magistrate, not the minister, with whom he is confronted. The lantern of " PJeaceman X" shines upon thc apparition, and uñder this manifestation the mystery not_ so much dis- solved into thin air as solidifies into flesh and blood. Tho spirit thenbecomes what the Acts of Parliament call a "person,'' and the laws of the land take their usefuljand uninterrupted effect. I And yet who will deny that there lingers a »trong belief, which none of the vaunted " enlightenment of the 19th century" can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions ? What is spiritualism but a mode-of the same dis- ease ?" "Wo aro not as credulous as our simple forefathers, and we have a way of severing our judgment from our faith, and' being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that snch things do not exist. What is the experience of each one P Is there any reader of this paper who, however fortu- nate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or- acquaintance, who has seen a ghost ? Wo do not mean sounds or rappings, but á real bona fide-we were going to say-flesh-and-hlood live ghost? The writer himself forms no exception to the rule which he believes prevails. Here is a story told to him by ono of the chief actors:-Thr«e students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired after dinner'to the rooms of a friend. There is no importance in tho words " after dinner." College beer is very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. Thefour friends were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly^ so that every part of the room could be seen. Its shape was of this kind. The door from the staircase was'at one corner ; directly opposite to that was another door, which led into the bedroom.. ' There was no other ap- proach to or exit from the room. The fireplace was at tho side of tho inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chatting together, when they distinctly saw the outer door open gently, and a figure pass in. It crossed the room, and passed through tho opposite door- way into tue bedroom. Three of the young men rushed at once into the room, examined every part' of it together, but there was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on seeing the apparition. What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, tho only instance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several people simultaneously. ! As a general rule, if the apparition appears to I as in the French story just told. Ano ther cir I cunistance ' that is remarkable in this . caso is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrived immediately at , tho idea that the visitor was a ghost. The j spirit was, indeed, known to two of them-that ' is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost J of their brother. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word snid, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is told as a thing that happened. There was no dowager-duchess or guardsman present to command the respect of tho Times, but thnn-every one is not so strong minded and naturally incredulous aB that journal. than one it does so successively, 