THE SPRING STREET GHOST. I wish the Daily Telegraph would mind its own affairs, Nor talk about these awful ghosts appearing unawares, That, walking in the starlight, would intimidate a host For everybody's living now in terror of the gbost. It does the block in Spring street as subdued as any mouse, And often promenades about the precincts of the 'Ouse; They say it's after FRANCIS, for it seems to be the ghost Of Sydney's chance of managing the European Post. From M.L.A.'s to larrikins, crowds gather every night To watch for it and get the new sensation of a fright, And DUFFY says to FBANCIS when they take their tea and toast Together in the coffee room, "Now have you seen the ghost?" My household's quite disorganised, and half my meals are spoiled, The tea is made with water that I'll swear has never boiled, The cookery gets worse and worse, and every thing they roast Is burnt to cinders, and I'm told it's owing to the ghost. One night "the snowdrops" carried out their villainous design Of confiscating all the clothes adrying on my line, Next day I told the bobby, but he wouldn't quit his post, And said I'd better go and get a warrant for the ghost. Our servant girl went out for half-an-hour after tea Last week to buy some ribbon, but she wasn't back till three, I ventured to remonstrate, but I found she seemed almost The worse for other spirits, and declared 'twas all the ghost. The juveniles, aged nine and ten, the horrid little bores In spite of all I say, at night skedaddle out of doors I don't know what they're after, but the little rascals boast They're not the least bit frightened, but they want to see the ghost. My daughter, seventeen years old, is very near as bad And wants herself to see how much excitement can be had. And gives no end of impudence, quite cheeky, and engrossed With one idea of going after dark to see the gbost. I really think the Parliament should try to interfere, To cause unlicensed spirits of the kind to disappear, Because with them at present all the town is overdosed, And all Police Inspectors dread a spectre like the ghost. Now if the Daily Telegraph would candidly retract, And say 'twas all a fiction, with a tiny spice of fact, 'Twould greatly ease the public mind, that's sadly discomposed And rendered quite unsettled by the stories of the ghost. 