THE SPIRITISTS OUTDONE. The London correspondent of the Bir mingham Post writes aa follows: — If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgri mage at once to the Crystal Palace, at Sydenham. There ace two mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking- sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favorites -of the spirits ; a lady floats in the air, not in a dark seance, but in the open I,.,, aaylifrht.. Tho Audience are pot re quired to sit round in the dark, holding each other's hands, like so many idiots, but sit at liberty, with powerful opera glasses in their hands, are invited on the stage, and sit there during tbe per* formance— ' manifestations, ' I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, so that persons can /Bee under it, .and over it, and on both gidefl of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage who can watch behind it. The floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders tbe use of a trap-door impossible, and there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation, yet a man enters the box, his legs are locked in heavy wooden tstccks; when the door is opened the man is gone, and ho one can conceive in what way he has disappeared. He returns to the box in the garb of a go rilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. JEIe succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both go rilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened ; and although a distinguisbei Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body of the meeting* yetr neither could dis cover how these disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether they both ate each other, no body was able to say, or to puggest in what possible manner tbey could bave disappeared. The. Maske- lene and Cook§ spirits excel' all other* hat have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like ; spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of this world, but now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maske lene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pran&s; which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maske lene and Cooke would have been fire and faggot. ? — — . — ? ? ? Condemned Criminals. — The sen tence of death passed upon the man Wooller, for rape, has, we understand, been commuted to seven years' imprison ment. The Judge who tried the case recommended the prisoner to mercy on the ground that the evidence of no con sent consisted in the uncorroborated tes timony of the girl. The sentence ot death passed upon the Queensland black, Jackey, for the murder of Messrs. Howell and Pullbrook, near Forbes, has also been commuted. The Judge Te ported in favor of the sentence not being carried out, on the ground that it was utterly impossible for the prisoner — who is a wild untutored savage — to understand the proceedings, as' no interpreter was to be found. The trial, therefore, took place virtually as if it were in the absence of the prisoner. — S. M. Herald. The Beenleigh correspondent of the Telegraph announces several accidents in that locality: — A child was bitten by a black snake, but is now recovering. — A man (a native of the West Indies) em ployed at Wilson's sugar mill, on the Logan, fell into a vessel containing boil ing malasses, and was so frightfully in jured that he soon afterwards died. — A South Sea Islander employed on Messrs. Black and Gartside's plantation had his arm broken by the fall of a branch, which had been struck by lightning in the late storm. The Obange Road Murdeb — Confes- sion or Jabvis. — Henry Vincent Jarvis, convicted on Friday last, at the Central Criminal Court, on circumstantial evi dence, of the murder of James Mug gridge, carrier, on the 22ad July last, on the. Orange and Bathurst road, and who was sentenced to death Ly his Honor the Chief Justice (Sir James Martin), has made a verbal confession, admitting the circumstances of the mnrder and bis guilt to the Rev. Canon Rich, who, as chaplain of Darlinghurst gaol, has been assiduous in his atten tion to Jarvis since the dreadful fiat was announced. The confession was received by the sheriff on Monday night about 7 o'clock. The sheriff waited upon the'Colonial Secretary yesterday morning, and communicated to him the particulars of tbe criminal's confession. Those particulars are, in substance, a confession that he, Jarvis, committed the murder, and that the circumstances connected with it, as revealed in the evidence given at the trial, were accu rately stated with the exception of that portion referring to the broken sixpence, which Jarvis denies. He states that be felt aggrieved at not being paid the wages due to him by Muggridge for services performed, and had a feeling of revenge towards him in consequence, besides a desire to possess himself of the money he knew Muggridge had. The murder was committed while Muggridge was standing at the fire, by Jarvis striking him with an axe,, and then throwing his body on the fire. A written confession has not been made, but it is expected that such will be the case. If it be, instructions have been given to the sheriff to keep it in his possession until it comes before the Executive Ceuncil when considering the fate of the murderer, or until the execu tion take place, should it be decided that the extreme penalty of the law should be inflicted. The criminal is said to be very penitent — bowed down with contrition. — 'Empire. 