THE DISCLOSURE- OR, A NIGHT AT THE CASTLTi. ( Concluded.) 'Hold, intruder;' cried Lewis, unable to remain longer silent; 'what errand sends you here?' but the figure leaped within, and the trap-door closed upon him. The light in Matilda's chambcr was immediately, dimmcd, though not extinguished, and all was silent as the grave. Lewis was astonished at so strange: an apparition, and questioned the reality of the vision; but it fed his spirit of romance, and he anxiously watched the sequel. The light again appeared in the opposite tower, and the fair inmate opened her casement, and looked abroad to ascertain the cause of the alarm. Lewis was struck at this example of courage, and raised his window to address her. 'Fair lady, the winter's winds, can little suit the delicacy of your form, and the biting cold is but a rude visitant on your cheek.' 'Who speaks?' said the agitated girl, in a frightened tone of voice; 'who speaks, I say?' in a stronger and more commanding manner. ''Tis the young stranger your father's generosity has this night sheltered; and he would ask why the fair Matilda wakes so late.' 'Because she dreams of murder.' 'The mysterious figure that had entered by the trap-door was no other than Randolph of the Crag, who, having heard of the scuffle and its consequences, repaired to the cell of Douglas. The door had been but insecurely closed by Lewis, and easily yielded to the false keys of the crafty gypsy king. On -entering he eld the ill-fated muti Stretched on floor,'lifeless,-yet warm-; and the ~dy -knife-in his hand prove'dtoo tinctly ; the pcreptrator ol'th&act;,; ich had doubtless been consuniatcd augh the belief of meeting 'the Srdered spirit. So utrange and so tal are the superstitions of human ttture ! The aged gypsy, rendered ipcrate by the -loss of his two fends, rushed up the mouldering lircasc to 'revenge himself on the Siricious fratricide; hut his noisy roroach had awakeued Donald, by; fom hewasimaiediatelyChallenged Ich '- my bounie lad, but you're light in your «in trap'.' 'Every mate of the -castle was now astir, luothiugcould restrain thefanatical ranee ol" the desperado. Without Bwering the call -of the unurmed Inald, he thrast him through the By, -and: hurried forward without tering a word. There was not a uenttobe lost. Tiieclder Stewart to calm the alarmed Matilda, retired -with her into her own The young soldier placed self before the advancing villain, ; demanded the reason of bis con- Isk me not, young jackanapes, yon shall share the same'fateto the fratricide to murder him.' Lewis stepped out of the way to ^d the intended stroke of the sy's claymore, and retired to de the bed of the Campbell. Rabbit rushed blindly forward, and, |e in the act of .striking the fratrireceived a fatal thrust from the 3o of Lewis: he groaucd and fell. other inmates speedily filled the I'tment, and the shrill voicc of the ghtcd Matilda cxclaimed— ly father! my father !' Is saved,' rejoined the youthful Sri or, as he wiped the blood from blade of his sword, and gazed in on the face of the dying man. Stand off, ye sycophonts,' said the gypsy, raising himself by a strong eflort, and supporting himself on his right hand, which still grasped his sword? •*-stand olT, I say, and hear the sentence of a dying man- There, said Tie, pointing with iiis withered fingers lo ttie couch of the Campbell, and exhibiting a peculiar sneer of contempt and-revenge. ' There lies a fratricide ; (ail involuntary shudder seized each breast;) and this night that savage dies. 7 * My lather ! my father !'«xclaimed the weeping Matilda. 'Stand back, 1 say, and -let my fading -eyes (east on the villain's tortures. This night the spirit «f the Douglas fled, and soshall mine, and so shall his; for his murdered brother's ghost cries out for vengeance. For years it has been wandering on the midnight heath, and thus all feuds between it and the living end, and its spirit lies in peace.'-. So saying the determined Randolph, ero he -could be intercepted by the bystanders, raised himself with all his-remaining strength from -the ground, and pierced the unresisting CampUell with his sword. The gypsy, as if content to • die, uttered a triumphant laugh, and fell hack lifeless on the floor. Matilda Jew to the bedside and tried to stop (lie bleeding wound. . ' - . . . 'Leave me to die, poor Matilda, and hear my dying words. .1 cannot bless you$ that belongs to the good alone—aud even, my-blessing would be a curse. I am a fratricide'; and, oh! -if mortal pains can 1 answer the offence, I have had my share; for when the world believed that I was innocent, and that my brother was indeed drowned, this heart devised his murder, and, with the aid of this day's -caplivc and another, the deed was done. My time 16r,ppniteuce is past and I die guilty.' ' His name was Charles Campui'I! V interrupted the elder Stewart. * It was.; and wliy' ' A soldier-?' 'Truo.' ' And -returned 'in the , '/rom India?' ' Well, and what of that ?' ' Another answer, and Inm done. Was he-not wrecked off the coast ol Africa?' ' True ; and lost his only child of two-years of age.' " .. * Not so^ for here he -stands to witness-your-confession, uud -claim your fortune.' The fratricide, raised himself IVoiu his bed—' Oh, happy offspring of a much- injured father, draw near me while -I speak. Forgive me"! oh, forgive roe! and torture inc uot with, bitter anguish? - ' I do forgive you, poor misguided man -; and if indeed 1 am what I am said to be, 1 pray my murdered father to forgive^'ou too. -But here, (looking to the elder Stewart) I have a second father. Generous friend, how shall Lever repay so much njal kindness?' • ' . '•I, even I, a dying guilty soul, will toll you•: Marry my daughter; for she is as tree from ull her lather's laults as light front darknes* .; and in that spotless frame you'll find a purer mind. Poor Matilda, look and learu.' (She fixed her eyes on her expiring parent.) • Your hand, child; —your hand—quick, quick—I die ; yours, nephew ;' he joined them ; ' may my offended God forgive my sins, and bless your unionT and be died, au awful warning to the dissolute and avaricious, t>f the misery ol a harassing mind and guilty-conscience. -It-is needless, for it is nearly impossible, to describcthediffereut feelings in that little chamber. The death of Evans Campbell excited no feelings of regret iu the neighbourhood. He was hated for his narrow and uncharitable conduct. The mar- riage of the fair Matilda to her cousin Lewis, and (ho noble-niiMdcdness of (he'elder Stewart, were themes of the highest gratulation; and the story of llie fratricide is nuw told as a (ale of times lung past, but never to be forgotten. 