EXTENSION OF THE RAILWAY TO YASS, TENDuns for the extension of the Great Southern Railway from Gonlbrn ti i Yass (54$ miles) were opened at the office of -the Minister for Works on-Tuesday night' (says Thursday's ,Herald). - The tenders wero opened in the presence of the Hon. Henry Parkes (Colonial Secretary and Premier, who attended at the invitation of his colleague), the Hon. John Sutherland (Minister for' Works), Mr .John Whitton (Engineer-in Chief for I'ailways), iMr E. .0. Moriarty (Engineer-in-Chief for Harbours and Rivers) and Mr James Barnet (Colonial Architect). The Engineer-in-Chief's statement of quain tities and estimates was first opened. before any of the tenders *were. examined..: We: be lievo that five tenders were sent in by men who are considered to be perfectly conpetent to perform the works incident to so large an undertaking; that the total amounts of the tenders was very close to each other ; and j that some of them were within AMr'Whittuu?'.?: estiinate. The matter was taken into con sideration by the Cabinet yesterday, and one of the tenders were provisionally accedted. I We understand that the matter will be finally determined this morning. 'Itis very gratifying to find that some of the tenders are within the Engineer's estimate, and it will be very fortunate for the colony if the contractor selected prove competent to carry out the work with~skill and expedition, for the principal cause of increased cost in con struction of .existing lines has been the re peated failure of contractors to execute the work in anything like a reasonable time. The interest on the money borrowed has had to be provided, and a staff of engineers to be poid to suporintend works, which for months together have been all but abandoned by the contractors and <their employees. Hitherto work which ought to have been finished in a month has commonly been protracted a year, but it is to be hoped that the prompt action which the Government has taken in refer ence to this matter may be regarded as an augury of a more energetic 'railway policy than has obtained for some years past. . The same paper of the following day, says :-The Government finally decided upon the ten ders for the extension above-named yesterday. Mr Daniel Williams lias proved the success •ful tenderer, and at his prices the contract will be carried out at the rate of £3500 per mile. This is exclusive of ironwork for per manent way, station buildings, gate" houses; and provision for water supply for- engines. Mr Williams hbas"executed largeo ontracts in Queensland,'and, in. conjunction with DIr Blunt, very satisfactorily . carried out'No. 7 contract of the Great Western line, upon. which the.?orks 'are of the most massive de scription. The contractor has to deposit' 5000/. in cash for the due performance of the work, and he binds himself to finish the con tract within twvo years from the present time. We learn thdt DMr Williams intends to 'com mence active"operations within threo:weeks of the present tiine.: 'He purposes to put on a thousand'inavvies at once, and to incrense the number.to'1500'if he can obtain: com potent min. ! The length of tho 'contract 'is 54J miles,,or, including sidings 506 -miles ; and if the contractor keeps his time, his con tract will mark a new era 'in railway 'con struction.- We believe that the Engineer-in Chief's estiniate' for the whole of the work was 'at the rate of £7000 per mile ; and, although iron has advanced 60 peri cent. in price since that estimato was framed, there is reason to expect that the work will be completed within the estimated amount. By last mail. orders were sent to England for t the purchase of the necessary material, the desoription of rail ordered being that known a as time single-hoaded. rail, being s.venty d pounds to the yard. The rails hitherto used v weigh: seventy-five pounidsl to the yard, and r are double-headed. The seventy-pound rail o will effect a saving in first cost to the extent i of from 0001. to 7001. per mile; but seeing that the double-headed rail will last twice as long as the single-headed, it is to be regret- a' ted that present: saving should have' bben prcferred to real and permanent economy. Parliament, however, is inexorable in its de- a mands for cheap railways; and must be con- v tent to.pay iii the shape of repairs or in- 1 creased working expenses for that 'economy 'v in first cost of permanent way which it en- i forces. The following additional remarks I are from the Enijmire :,7-It is probable that a v portion of:the present contract will be placed f under 'the supervision of Mr George "Webb, f who has served the firm in the capacity of it t superintendent during .the whole of their 'v railway career. 'It isa bonefit to a district a through which a iailway is being co'nstrmucted to have the work performed by enorgetu? con tractors, .who meet their employees' with a punctual payments, and our Southern friends i may be congratulated at their railway cx tension falling into 'the hands '.of Mossrs. n Williams and Blunt. Thercewil .Ie'wli?in a month employment for one thousand'n$ , i and thus'not only will a\benoefit acruoe to hundreds of railway operatives who will flock 1 round.thleir old employers, but: the" district I will reap an advantagoe by the largoe number I of people;who will be brought into it -'Wo a have sinee ascertained that th'q tenders for t the above were'made at a scheddle ofpieraes. The total amounts were found f6'o a's under' -calculated at the Engineer-in-Chief's s-' timato of;quantities,:- ..... Daniel Williams :..L ....... 194 766 6 1'1 Amos and Kerr '.;'.;:....;: 100,407: 2 10 William Wakoford....:.:.: 214,712 18 11 Overend aiid Rbbb.;b...... . 217,117 14: 8 a Mason, Elkington and Co., 250,702 6:11 So heavy has baee tlhe fll do snow at Kiandra (says the. Cooma ,GazeIe) that from i a commhnioation" roceieod at 3 oclock :on a Tuesday, we uniiderstand two persons coming to Cooma to attend an important case to be brought'before the beonch of magistrates to day, were compelled to return after having proceeded only about a mile, It .was with much difficulty they' extrioated their'horses . from theo' deep snowdrift, At Adaminaby, , also, thd tinow lies to- a depth bf 'bout six inches, but' at' Fiyiligpianinnone appearsi. .i On Tliu'?sdaj (says the Southeir? Argus) I a woman named Mrs lelalh , I was admitted' into the Yass hospital for treatment of a sore leg which shoereceivod from' wearing colored stockings.inwashed: The sore was :at' first' j only a pimpleo which was. scratoched), and shortly after sho nput in a coloured stookings g without first hiving' it washed, aid ififlim- i mation' at onoe.sb in, and' she .had ,to apply .t for medical assistance. ,' :'.?t L" .J /-~ Anotherman hasbooeen found hanged at S8andhurst, A woman was gathering flrewood I late onthe afternoon of the 12th instant; about half-a-mile beyond the Retreat nun, S pring Gully ranges. She came upon a man suspended from-the branch of a treeo by the Sneck:' Informaition was at once sent to con stable Dunlop, who proceeded to the spot -iand found the bod'y hanging as described. It was suspended by. a woollen scarf, and the toes were touching-the ground. The knees were gathered iUp,-and the man had evident ly committed a.veiy deliberitesuicide. The ponstable out down the body, which lee con veyed to.the Retreatln; where it now lies awating identification. Sixteen. one ponnd notes of the Bank of Victoria were found iu the man's pocket, also swen shillings and throe'o pence in silver. He was very r'sp.c tably dressed, and was about thirty-five or forty years of ago. It. is sapposed that he I had beu dead when found, it eupl.e of d iys The Age of the 15th has another trlegrramn stating ---The body. of the man who was a found hanged in the Spring Gully ranges was a removed yesterday morning from the Retreat I I Inn to Crawford's Bath Hotel,Charing Cross, I I where it now lies awaiting ido:ntification. A largo number of persons viewed the corpse, and at about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon it a was identified beyond a doubt as that of a i man named Igel, a German, who had been t working at the Pyrites Company, Jackass p Flat and who for about a fortnight lately .\ had stayed at Niss :n's Europnan Hotel, I High-street. He was of a very maloncholy p turn of mind and would frequently sit in a f1 corner of theoroom without appearing to no- f tice anything or anybody. H,,l was not in f the least addicted to drink. On Wednesday t last he was missed from the hotel, and had Ii not since been so-u or bohard of. Daccased n was believed to be unmarried. b There is a good story toll a Crown I'r.eSo. cutor who found' himielf not lona ago in car- d tain dilleulties incidient to travelling on lhad s roads, says a writer to tihr 1/:,h DLispalch. = Hi-s buggy was br,okon not ai It ilhdred nliiles . from Dutbb~;jnd to the local blacksmith lihe i went; "" Sirry:I can t do it to day.sir," said the son of Vulearn;: " Bat Initsttiart early to-morrow morningt," answvryd the bland it lawyer. "Can't help it, sir, Ii'm on .the tl jury." Is that ll ? leave that to in:+." Who en tho-jury list was called.over, Iand the natul tl of the: min of the b i?ivil reached, " ial- r lenge, ' bharp a i clear, rang fronim the lips of the crown', rapi esentative ; aind, to t lie asto- 1t ishmonrt of all and sundry, t!u' mn -!nuio lft i the court. E;erybody sp kI about the mat- c1 ter-They could n it'und rnstand why i minan ti with so good a- character should be put aside cr bylthe Crown.' Vuh'an however, answered 1C not to all the queries. tHL laughed genutly, ti and retired to repair the damaged springs of sl the injured vehicle. Town Talk in the.l Aeipi:e oa adds :-TThe learned Crown Prosecutor, who tc the other day at D.ibba is said to have chal longed a juryun'in because ho wanted him (a 1i blacksmith) to mand his buggy, is likely, we of should say, to rise in his profession. It showed' 13 a readiness of resource very conrmondable in hI a public official, but wasn't it a little II rough on the blacksulith ? To bin challenged rc -by the crowni is often 'quivaleniit in a couun- u try town' to a slur- oii onu's harceter, and w with tire known amiability of suc!I commlni-i w ties it is snro to be nmid: the iil')st of. Per r: hops the ivoitlhy mIan charirgal .tho ]eea-el'ld h gelntlremon double for the double dunlll:lgo to buggy and c, aract r. W?o wýilder what the a "Village Blacksmith" would have done in It such case, doubtless oehllringcd in notlher " sense the learned "gentileuta r d,' Yet another newly-born clihd (says thle t Al. Herald of Friday) has bqqn exposed by-. thIe mother; and in this instalnc, masin tlhat referred to bat recently, the infanit.wasalive to and is still living., About 9 o'clock ,yester- c day-foronoon, a female infant , u -wly born, was found in the scrub at Darling Point, ,Iu not far from the main road .and the residence e' of Mr Cunningham. by,J;ohn "Walton, a gar. c duner in th enmploy-tif Mr T. W. Stuart, of t Mlona. Thelchild, which was. wrapt rip in the piece of hn old blankrrt, w'hi?hi bore inmarh.? ie showing that it had been-scor'ehcd withlaflit tI iron, was taken to Mri COinniirlglamn's resi. t donce by Elizabeth Moxey, wlo lived thel', h and was treated kindly by thel inmates, It " was s!ibsoequntly ricmoved.d to the Banevolent g Asylum, Pitt- street South. No marukls of a 'violenoo were observable on tile body, Later' in the, day the police were intlfrimn 'd that a a Mr. Tucker, ; residing at x),iblUIB iJ, saw a in womani in theI scrub near which thie hild was hr found, about a quarter to 9 o'elock ycsterday as forenoon. He gave the followinlg descrip.- C 'tion'of her appearance to. the, police :-She ail 'was from.28 to 380 years of ago, of. medium WI size, and'. a thin palish-lookinfg faice. She sr .wore a light brown shawl, with a p:lr. lo ple or brown border. Sio hlad on liar lhead a light hat with dark trimniirgs. IMr Tucker tl is oortaini thIt hoe could identify tlhe womlan t if hle saw her agait. Throughllot yesterdny I' rind sinoe tie receipt of the desiription re" q ferrod to, tli polioli have braoi blsily search tO !ng for tl!e o?ther of th Ifltiinfat. g :There was (says the dy/e) soame. rotio' on board I-.I.V.S. COerborus on ,Vedsesday litst. The tilrget shooting was certainly notlliing to 'Ti be proud:.f. Accordling to tie. rpprpot only ai six out of the sixten: shots fired forni the fol turret guns of the .Uerboru hit tile targrt, i which was 30 feet by 25 f. ot, or as big as t( be deleiootsized two story hous-. Tmlo extreme tic range:taken up was only 185.) ya!ds, while or eight of tile shots were fired at 1400, yards. all The 400-pounder guns of the Cerberlrshave is, an effective range at 7000 yarrds, and any man at all acquaintql wit!h.rifled gun --e should maike good shooting at.a mnuch snmal- TI Ior targothit 3000 yards, or nearly double tle y distanceat which tire target wrs placed dur ing thii recent gun praotice. Whlell:it trken in to:donsideoration that the tr'ip of? the COer berus, incurling thle gun practicc , must' haie cost fully I503, it wnill be scon there is. not much to sllow for thie moaney. - . - SlThat fabulous fowl, tIre :'goose with the golden egg " hains turned up at .Inlst in proeria wn personue at OCarooar,,where we learn thnt gold bo was found in the gizzard of a gooso killed at ,h the VictoriaiHotel. In anticipation -of ia i rush to the locality tlo luekylpropriotors of str Carcoar geese will' problmbly .look .a little sharper than usual after thlrn'.valuableo pro- wl party: if indeed there is by this.tinuo a single d goose left in the district whose glzzard has be not been chrofully prospooted.. -That a godd kl many geeoose had boon dabbliing lately in gold CO mining, was very gonorally krnown, but it was -1T not sipposed with such brilliant results as wi appear to Ilave attrndcd the Oarcor agoose in nrr its speculations., By tlhe way, might not lar that fortunta?-bird be appropriatoly iinmior- qu talized as theocrest or symbol of Now South Ju Wales. Russi? has her neagle, and France ioo her lusty roostdr. - Whrht-fitter symbol could ji t; there ba for the land of gold than the" golden n, goose."-" Town Talk " in the Empire. Ln Th, em t (says the lWagga Wagga Express to is beginning to assert a right to his " native n- heath " with an amount of force that proves ot how mirh he has been benefiitted by eivili [t zation. An instance of the energetic, resis to tance which the bird attempts to. a~y fur s thoer encroachments of humanity upon fs' do t- main recently occurred at Burrenbon Plains. a MIr Robbins, the local Nimrod, of whose pruiv e- ass in the fitld let the spirits of departed is dunks and snipe bear witness;, was driving d across the plain in witness on Friday last, , when hiii came upon a flock of abu:it thirty, i emns. The birds were a considerable distance r . from him When he first observed themr, -but r insteal of their manifesting any alarm at r a his approach, they rwaited. it, quietly, and s when within a 100 yards of him, a portitn I Su: ad a move in the direction of the vehicle.. s and its occupant. With stately and decided a I stops they approached, headed by a very Go- a lisithl of an cmu,--a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown Sanoieut upon the groutid which his forefathers 1' had trod unmolested, save by the occasional t spear of thO'hlaekfellow. Mr Robbins, who l had never witnessed this 'indiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, rwaited their ap s proach with becoming fortitude and a gun. r When the birds got within about"eighty yards lie fired, and the leader of the van paid the r penalty of his curiosity with a most indigni t fled somersadlt. The shot,.however, was not fatal and the wounded bird made off, per t forming at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first.. Mr Robbins then jumped, from P his shat to follow up the enemy, and,, when- e w:thin teach of it, was apprised of the fact by a w ll-dirdited kick in the stomach from the bir1 Iii con:laps "d at about. fyo yards' di,tance, wl.ithcr the foire of the blow had sont lhimu. He lro uptly picked himself up i again. and unfrhaietd his dog, known by the opr.s sive appllatirn of " The Fool" from a the ,a.k of tifo trap. " The . Fool " consid !'redl hitirelf equal to thie occasion, and fol lowed the foe.. No seoner had he overtaken I it,. however, thli : IL situilar, resistance .to 1 that exupelrirnced' by his .mnaster nmot him ' Mr Hlobbins at tl,is junctaro appeared upon. the scene, and the other eorus, seeinghe oth reinforcemnut, clos d up .to fight for t'i native sill and wournd d - companion. ':Th4 it latter yielded up the ghost decorously rafte-. , n 'appeal in thin shape of' a second No. 1 cartridge, andil tile, fight waxed warm ferrsome tim;.lnor was. i untilfouur of their whilom s comrad, s strewed the :'plain .that .the .flock left it to the pr;session of the :foe., One;, f of thine birds Mr iRobbins securud to his trap and jI skintned that night by his camp fire, but the T oth rs, oring tt ti r weight, wore allowed. v to reminin as memorials of the cncounteor.. The :Watlgot curres.upident of thie ,lfitlad. T Allerr'rry relates the following :--Anr incident A of the flood occuring at " Werribili," on 'thel Iarwin should- be read Some four' or five head of horses' had been stolen from the fU neighbourhood f lMntrridooran, on tihe CUnstlec t rough. Constable Scott and- h ishlack track or tollowed in pursuit ; ond by one the horses E were recovered, until ultituately the pursued was overhaul"d between the Barwin,and Nar- su ran, 'and arrested. Scott retraced his steps houmowards with his charge, and halted at SP"rkatoroo " the first night. It was dark, a and captor and captive sat down to the station to hospitality; but Scoutt, probably jfeeliig that. " pity is the justice of the law," allowed, tfio delinquent to. reimain without hundclefln at Or the table, and the kindness thus best,owed c uiearly lost Scott hIis prisoner. H-nenndss the ua alleged offender, made a. clean boltuf it. Scott pt followed, but the darkrness of the night pie, eluded any chance of recapture that night. When morning caenrr, his tracks: wereqttadke to up, and fiound to cross, the Grawhiu, . thtn tt very high. Scott fiollowed in a canoe, rc- tlh cumpaunicd by his tracker; After swimming w', this creek, ITenness had stripped, and. his I dlth.s were found in it hollow tree. . Follow- th ing the tracks, they led them. to thl Banrwin, then very high, until they arrrived" opposite t the Happy Ilomr Inn, whorerr Hcnness again ex had tackled a broad swim, and, his tiucks la indicated, accomplishing it. Tracking was of again to be rIrsorted.to, which broughtSceott tlt and his infallible .rsistrait to the tlhr0sliold:f the ion stable, then bordering on thre swillon st river. IIonress had 'onedaled'hirself ther?' be in, but, saeing his pursuersr agairi on him, tl bad deftly canmbored through to tire loft, arid th its the stable door op,:nod, the shivering es onpee let himself down into the flooded river and once rnure swaim for his liberty. Mea?u while, Scott examnined the stable closely, anid satisfj ing hIilmsclf bchIw, mounted -loft.TThe loft yiuldcd the sailre result; but !it tliisrii ti mIent tie tracker detteted' the tri'cks along afi the bark of til. flour, and, glanciur nacross tli 'the river from hIris elevitd positioni lenness ou was deseried finishing hislongswim. Scoti, quicklydivesting himnself of hiris apparel, took er to tli, river regaining the opposite bank-- be gaining on Icunlless, who doubled; and again plitnged into thIre ivors. Scottfollowed arnd of captured Iis nrian.ir.. th "A largo merdting of'selectors was hold at ko 'Ten-inile Crreek oi T~uesday to coisldoi ariendnmonts req'iredl in the Land Act. Thre 'i following' motions were carried :--l-. That th itttrest bh accepted: as part of thire purchase oil balances. 2. Tliuat'theo salb of land by aui-. i tion be stopped, or ithli; upset pric be in- ha creased to 2/. per ner'. 3 8 Minors to be thu allowed to :transfer. 4. More expediti in ed issuing grass rl-ighits'..7 . ' " 'di : . : o Surgeanut J)eronald, of tire Hay policoe, w'ns: was kicked in the abdomen by a horse.:on Mr Thursday last,n'uear Burrnbogie statiori; and. Du very little Iops fhisofi rcovqcery aroe eunter-. tained. Thomas:Donolrbo, a lad fifteen years of me ago, full from a hIorse on thie 16th inst.,aRt I iry, and dind the following evening. His gr spiuoa' and skull woreio injured, and never spokea after thire frill. u .t. . t SPilot Mackenzio, who with three others cOe was drowned on the 15th instantnt 'Mel-' ,ati 'bornor, fronm the schooner Rip, lhad: only' ca been two years in .thie service, and:leaves a pt wil' arid family. A subseription, nhas been th stai'teld f r tihe depondents of those ost. , Thie New Zenland pupers tato that tie th ' whole Australia naval sqtuadron is to ren- den deavous at WYellington iIn S ltember orOto-o bor,'to inoet tire nIw Colnlniudore. A ?t Wani knto affaira are quiet. Dr. Pollon is gaiettod Colonial Secreotry, vice Iloeynolds resignedp .na The Now Zealand Government have arranged with M'Meckan ad Bla3icekwoodl for a braluchl pr mall servioo to Mollrtsnrno to moeet thIe P at and Ostecamers. A smart shock -of eaorth- ore quako was felt at Neow Plymouth on:te flth July. The- Superintendent of Dunedin re- fro irnolr'mends the construction of a railway from' ti Hivorton to Otahau, to cost 80,000/. all A deputation of farmers had an interview with the Chief Secretary, Adelaide, to urge that immediate steps be taken for the re sumption of immigration. Sir Henry Ayers replied that he would bring the matter before Parliament, and could do nothing in the meantime. :? :iieeting of Adelaide sheep shearers has been held, at which it was resolved that the price for shearing sh'all be fixed: at not less tIpai 4,pi per 100 . r.. . . argeo sales of,w ahave ?taken• place in Adulaide at 58 9d. Flour;iis dull at 181.15s to 14/. 10s. 7The Assembly of Victoria, when in Coin rm tte on the Electoral Bill, on the 8th inst. passed an -amendment 'providinhg that femniale rat'payers of the full age of twenty-one years shall be entitled to vito for the 'election' of members ofthe Legislative Assembly.g At Murrurundi, last Thursday' w ek, an aged couple (M1r anid iIrs Elford)'died within an hour ortwo of eoch 'other.: " : An auotioneer has been fined 301. at Glen tnnes for selling a case of whisky in an.un licensed house, not being at the, time -the holder of a publican's license.-, ... 