BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of this society was held on Thursday evening last at the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel in this town. Mr. B. Cribb presided; and the Rev. B. Backhouse, agent of the society, and the Revs. W. G. B. Stephinson, C. H. Eager, and W. B. Mather occupied seats near the chairman. The meeting was opened by devotional exercises, conducted by the Rer. Messrs. Stephinson and Eager, after which The CHAIRMAN, in a few brief introductory re marks, referred to his having been called upon to take the place of one who had just been called away from amongst them-the late Colonel Gray, who had for so many years been a warm supporter of the society, and who had been looked up to and respected by all classes of the community. He then stated the objects of the meeting, and called upon the Bev. Mr. Stephinson to read the report as follows: "In rendering a report of the transactions of this auxiliary for the past year, your committee regret that, as their first duty, they have to place on record the lamented death of the late president of the auxiliary, Lieutenant-Colonel Gray, who departed this life on Sunday, September 7th, of the present year, in the 87th year of his age, and who for many years has honourably filled the presidential chair of this auxiliary. To this dispensation of Divine Provi dence we bow. 'The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away: blessed be the name of the Lord.' "Your committee desire to recall with gratitude the fact that in their work of faith and labour of love they have had frequent and abundant assurances of the presence and blessing of their Divine Master. These assurances have led them to prosecute their work with cheerfulness, and with the fullest confi dence that the light of Gospel truth thus circulated amongst various classes of colonists shall be as seed cast on good ground, bringing forth fruit to the glory of God in some thirty, in some sixty, and in some a hundred fold. Their efforts are part of a grand and massive scheme for elevating and saving the whole family of man, and as they reflect upon the fact that there are 9000 similarly-constituted societies estab lished in various parts of the world, hope assures them that in due time the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord, when one shall not have occasion to say to his neighbour, ' Know ye the Lord,' for all shall know Him, from the least even to the greatest. Your committee have confidence in the volume which they are endeavouring to circulate, and believe that its truths are mighty, and that they shall prevail over every system of error and super stition. Already the Bible is printed in no less than 208 different languages, and issued by the Bible So ciety. No sooner has a missionary put together the syllables and words of some hitherto unknown lan guage, and been able to form a glossary, a dictionary, and a little grammar, than the Bible Society finds agents for employing that newly-acquired lore upon the Word of God. "In France the work has been carried on with vigour. The cry here and there is that the great want of France is the Bible; but it cannot be said that there is a general sense of the value of that Book which brings priceless treasures in its train. The cir culation in France during the year was 88,312, of which 409,500 were sold through the agency of col portage, 20,000 were disposed of at the various depots, and 11,500 were gifts ; 48,000 memorial Testaments hare been presented to the widows and other relatives of persons who fell during the war. "The operations of the year in Germany have not been marked by any special excitement. The extra ordinary activity of the war led to an unexampled cir culation, but the work of the society has now assumed its accustomed aspect and returned to its usual chan nels. The circulation in Germany and Switzerland during the past year was 322,800 copies, and includ ing the supplies sent to other agencies and depots the total was 471,800 copies, which was more than one sixth of the entire circulation effected by the society throughout the world. "In Austria the circulation of the past year amounted to 152,250, exceeding that of the previous year by 26,000. " Russia presents a vast field of operations, includ ing many races and languages, and is like a world in itself, opening up a boundless prospect of Bible cir culation. There is a marvellous increase in the results attained, and in no country in the world has the so ciety's work been developed with such rapidity as in that vast region. The circulation during the past year was 231,000 copies-a number which is altogether unparalleled in that country. "The position of Spain has not been altogether favourable for the prosecution of the work. That country has been plunged in civil war, and in many parts of the country the colporteurs could not safely carry on their labours. The circulation of the year was 88,690 copies. " In Italy the circulation has been 385,240 copies. "The accounts from India are satisfactory and cheering, and the circulation there lhas been 171,000 copies; In China the circulation of the year has been 91,000 copies. In Japan vast changes are taking place. The old edict against Christianity has been abolished, and a Christian Church been lately estab lished at Yokohama. An edition of the Gospel of St. John has been recently printed in the native language, and a copy of it placed in the hands of each member of the Japanese Embassy. " The operations of the society hare been carried on vigorously and successfully in many other countries, too numerous to be epitomized or even alluded to in a brief report like the present one. Suffice it to say that the word that makes wise unto salvation is being circulated east and west, and north and south, and the truth of God is giving light to them that sit in dark. ness, offering freedom to the captive, and quickening unto newness of life many who were dead in trespasses and sins. "The receipts from ordinary sources for the year ending March, 1873, are £188,605 11s. 10d., including £95,829 3s. Id. applicable to the general purposes of the society, £92,776 8s. 9d. receipts for Bibles and Testaments. To this must be added £120 dividends on stock invested for the China Fund, and £110.10s. 5d. on account of Lieutenant-Colonel Roxburgh's fund for colportage in India; making a grand total of £188,837 2s. 3d. The ordinary payments amounted to £203,170 10s. 6d.; and, adding the sums paid on account of the special funds, the total expenditure of the year has been £205,213 6s. Id. "The issues of the society for the year have been as follows:-From the depOt at home, 1,363,196; from depbts abroad, 1,229,740. 2,592,936 copies of Bibles and Testaments, and portions. "That the Bible thus circulated may accomplish its fullest mission amongst men, the Churches at large have need to pray for the descent of the Holy Ghost, whose especial vocation it is to open the eyes of the understanding and to apply the truth to the heart of man. ' Come, Holy Ghost, for moved by Thee The prophets wrote and spoke. Unlock the truth-Thyself the Key; Unseal the snared book.' "The committee of the Ipswich auxiliary of the present year have continued their exertions with in creased zeal and interest. "Immediately after tbhe annual meeting of last year the society's depbt was removed to the establishment of Mrs. Williams, of Nieholasstreet, where the great est attention is paid to the interests of the society--a larger sale of books having been disposed of than in any previonus year. ' The sum of £50 has been forwarded to the parent soeiety in London--£25 asfree grant to the society, and £25 as part payment for Bibles ordered. " Gratuitous supplies of Bibles and Testaments have also been made to some of the Sabbath-schools in con nection with the Churches, but others of later date have been compelled to stand over for the stock ex pected to arrive. "The committee would again record their heartfelt thanks to those ladies who have laboured so assidu ously as collectors during the past year. They trust that their efforts devoted to so noble a work will surffer no relaxation, and that others, moved by their de rotedness, will come forward to assist in the work of gathering supplies for the best of all objects-the dis semination of Divine truth. "The committee feel that never since the com mencement of the British and Foreign Bible Society's operations was the free circolation of the Word of God more necessary than in the present day; and, re fleeting on the mighty influence for good which the Scriptures have upon all classes of society, and firm in an abiding faith in the invincible power of Divine truth necompanied by the energy of the Holy Spirit, they would, encouraged by past success, devote them. selves to renewed energy in thle future, and call upon all who believe in the ultimate triumphl of Dirine truth to aid them to the fullest extent of their power that Bis Word may soon fill all lands with its eaving and Divine influence, until he whose right it is shall reign from the rivers unto the end of the earth." The balanoee-sheet was read by the treasurer. It showed a balance to hare remained from last year of £63 Es. 10i., added to which, the collections for the year £61 12e. 2s., and the sale of Bibles £30 19s. Id., made a total of £155 17s. is. The credit side of the account showed a remittance to have been made to the parent societyof £?0, printing, postage, commis sion, and incidentals, £9 17s. 5s., leaving a large balance of £96 9s. 8d. in hand at the close of the year. The Rev. Mr. EAsio proposed the adoption of the report, and in doing so spoke of it as a most aetisfac tory one, a larger amount of money having been col lected in Ipswich during the past year than in any previous one for a long period. He expressed a hope that in future the improvement in this respect would be still more perceptible. He referred to the opera. tions of the society and its great aim, to circulate the Bible at prices which all classes could avail themselves of, and contrasted the present prices of copies of the Holy Scriptures with that of the time of King Edward, when wages were paid at the rate of a penny half penny per diem, and a single copy of the Scriptures cost the enormous sum of £37. He dwelt upon the influence of the Bible, as evidenced by the spread of Christianity in all lands where Gospel truths were disseminated, end touched upon the work of the Re formation. In conclusion, he made a fervent appeal to Christians to aid the society in its efforts to send the Bible to all classes by their contributions and prayers. The Rev. W. B. MArrin seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. le pointed to the broad platform of the society which extended itself to all classes of Christians of whatsoerer denomination. He paid a high tribute to the memory of the founders of the society, and explained the modes of operation and the machinery employed by the society for the cireu lation of the Bible. Their field was the wholt world, and their success was such as to fill the Christian's heart with gladness at the effects produced; for, wherever the Bible had been sent, there the whole face of humanity had been changed for the better. He pictured the dark state of those countries where the Bible had never penetrated, and contrasted there with those places which had become the centre of missionary labour; and stated that if the Bible were only introduced into every household it would be the means of accomplishing more than all the efforts of the greatest philosophers and statesmen, however successful. He appealed to those who had made themselves practically acquainted with the value of the Bible to identify themselves with the movements of the society. Mr. R. J. HSixcrAt, treasurer, in referring to the financial portion of the local branch, said it was grati fying to him to be able to state that during the past three years there had been a steady increase in the sale of Bibles. During the first year the sales amounted to over £7, in the second to upwards of £16, and in the third to above £80. They could have sold many more even had they not run out of stock. There was an increasing demand for family Bibles, every one at present in stock having been subscribed for; and they were at present-awaiting a fresh consignment from the parent society. The Coannm a r expressed himself much gratified to learn the facts stated by t le treasurer. He hoped the committee would work even more energetically next year, and visit households with the object of pro viding them with family Bibles. He also hoped the new committee would see their way clearly to engage women to sell Bibles. It was a lamentable thing that there were many in this town and surrounding dis tricts who knew little or nothing of the truths of Holy Writ, and with regard to whom it was well known that they were not allowed to know them. The influence of women as canvassers was suech thatit should not be overlooked. The report and bealance-heet were put and adopted mnanimously. The Rer. B. BAICnovsE, agent of the society, was then introduced to the meeting by the Chairman. He said that he remembered with great pleasure the last meeting which he had attended in this town. Then their venerable chairman just passed away had occupied his accustomed place at the meeting as pre sident of the society. He was a brave soldier, and amongst the last of those who had taken part in the momentoes campaignsin Europe. As well as being a good soldier, he was a good Christian, and his removal from their midst should be cause rather for rejoicing than sorrowing, for he had gone to receive the reward ef the faithful. Last year there had been a large and enthusiastic meeting held in Ipswich ; and he (the speaker) was rather disappointed that the present meeting should have fallen short of the previous one ; but there was reason for thankfulness that even so many were present. The speaker then went into the details of the society's operations. The Bible, it was an undisputed fact, was a greater instrument for the accomplishing of good than all their Church orgasni zations put together. The Bible Society had proved to be the best friend of all theChurches. The Church of England societies were deeply inde?ted to it, and all other societies were compelled to go to the society for their supplies. It had strong and increasing claims on the sympathies of the Church of England. The early reformers had made strenuous efforts to circulate the Bible widely in their day, and although it was said that they bad so much to do for their own denomination that they had no time for others, yet it had been found that the best way they could help themselves was by assisting the operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society. Wesleyan Methe. sism could make no headway without the assistance of the society, and was under the deepest obligations to it. In buying their books from the society, the benefit weeas conferred on them, and not on the latter, for the Wesleyan eisslionary Society employed the Bible in thirty different languages, and not a single copy of these was obtained elsewhere than from the British and Foreign Bible Society. It was the same with ether churches. The Presbyterians had their Scottish Bible Society. Each one thought his own society the best; but Scotland had been deeply indebted to this society, which had prepared and supplied the Bible end Testament in Gaelic, at a cost of from 3s. 6d. to Is. 6d. each. The Scottish Society could not supply the one-hundredth part of the demand for their own missionary efforts, and they obtained their supplies from the British and Foreign Bible Society. A liberal support of the society therefore would be the best means of spreading the cause of religion. Wherever bse work of the society was commenced it became permanent, for the printed book remained, in which respect it differed from the impressions made by mis sionaries, whose messages were given verbally, and in some cases passed away unimproved. The rev. gen? tleman contrasted the work performed by the society with that of Roman Catholic missions, whose converts were not allowed to have the Bible in their possession. The great object of the society was to give to every living creature a copy of the Word of God in his own mother tongue; and wherever the Bible was planted it was suficient to build up permanently a Church of GCod. The command of Christ to "go into all the world and preach the Gospel," if properly carried out, would be the greatest means of breaking down the bersiera which existed amongst professing Chris tians. He heartily concurred with the chairman's proposal to hare Bible-women at work, and he felt that there would be Christian women found who would think it no trouble to read to the poor. He would like to see a family Bible in every house, for iust in pronortion as Bible truths were instilled into the mind, in like proportion were the founda. tions being laid for a better race of people in future. The Bible Society was accomplishing a better work then any body of men were ever known to be engaged in. They were now at a crisis in the world's history. God was saying to everyone "Flood the world with my light," and they had no belief in croakers. Seventy years ago they bad only 4,000,000 copies of the Bible in existence, printed in fifty differ ent languages! What a mighty move onwards had been made since then. During that time the society had produced 80,000,000 copies, in 250 different languages. The American and other kindred societies had added to that number half as many more, making a total of 120,000,000. Was not that a grand fact? There was scarcely a country where the Bible had not entered. Out of 1,250,000,000 of people in the world, 800,000,000 had now a copy of the Gospel in whole or in part. The society had more fully verified the prophecy of St. John, than any other agency. Among every nation of Europe, in the chief parls of Africa, among the islands of the South Sees, and in America the Bible had been sent. The society there fore was a grand Church organisation, which knew neither white, nor black, bond nor free. The society's laboursertended to countries and langueges not known to the early evangelists. Madagascar was referred to in proof of this assertion, as were also the South Sea Islands; aend India and China were spoken of as on tlhe eve of religious awakening. From Russia at present the demand for the Scriptures was sogreat t hatif the society spent all its contribmicns in supplying it the demand would not be fully met. There were 78,000,000 souls in that country, many of them entirely ignorant of the truths of the Bible ; but the society was at present spending its greatest effort to place the Bible within their reach. In consequence of this they were now 816,000 in debt. Instead of being very riuh they were a very poor society, for they gave generously. This fact was a loud call upon all to work harder than ever. Japan had just awoke from a sleep of ages. Its population was 36,000,000, not of barbarians but amongst the most advanced of heathen nations. Having dweltfor a short time on the history of Japan, the rev. gentleman proceeded to give a short account of the Roman Catholic missions and their operations in Japan, the reaction which set in, which was fol. lewed by persecution, and the final closing of the country to all Christian nations, until the entry of Commodore Perry, who succeeded in making a treaty for the opening of the ports. The social and moral revolution which followed was then dwelt upon, and the progress described as greater than that of either Victoria or New South Wales. He spoke of the good which had been accomplished through the visit of the late embassy to Great Britain, and urged upon the people, as they were now willing to accept the Bible, to let them have it in full, now that all restrictiqons regarding it were passing away. Mr. Backhouse obn eluded by an eloquent appeal on behalf of the society to the sympathy of a Christian public. A collection was then taken, which amounted to over £6. The Rev. Mr. EAGER proposed that the following gentlemen be appointed officers for the ensuing year: \--President, Mr. B. Cribb ; treasurer, Mr. R. J. Kendall; hon. sec., Rev. W. G. R. Stephinson; committee--Messars. G. H. Wilson, J. Scott, E. W. Hargreaves, J. Greenham, James Foote, R. Fox, F. Curnow, D. Hughes, S. Hodges, T. Pryde, Dr. Von Lossberg, and Captain Townley. Ministers of all de nominations to be ex-officio members of committee. Mr. G. H. WILSON seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr. R. J. KEtDALL proposed the following resoln. tion, viz.: "That the thanks of the meeting be tendered to those ladies who have assiduously laboured as collect. ore for the past year, and that they be requested to continue their self- denying efforts as heretofore." The Rev. Mr. MaTURr seconded the motion, which was also carried unanimously. The Rev. Mr. STEPEtaSON moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Backbouse for his attendance and address, which was seconded by Mr. EAooe, and carried. A vote of thanks to the retiring committee, pro posed by Mr. KEsNets and seconded by the Rev. Mr. MTiaER, brought the proceedings to a close, and the doxology having been sung and the benediction pronounced, the meeting separated. 