?uropean Intelligence^ IRELAND. • IRISH MUSIC.—THE HA BP. IN continuation of his course of lectures on Irish Music, Sir B.. P. Stewart lately delivered one, the chief subject of which was the harp. The lecture- room of Trinity College was on the occasion filled to overflowing, and even the outer hall was thronged with persons anxious to listen to the discourse, which proved to be most interesting, and of which the Daily Express gives the following report:— I am sorry that many persons have been inconvenienced by the limited space at oar disposal here. Indeed, had I imagined so much interest in Irish music existed, the large hall, now occupied by the Honour Examination, might have been placed at our disposal. We shall try to manage better in future. Last week I spoke to you of bardie and Ossianic music, and oi the caoines or death-songs of Ireland. To-day our subject is the harp, but before we enter upon it, I wish to refer to one name of much interest to us, both as Irishmen and Christians. It is that of St. Columba (Columb-kille, or the " dove of the cell"}, whose realname wase O'Neill, a descendant of " Nial of the Nine Hostages," and a near relative of the King of Ulster. Born in the middle of the sixth century, he studied both at Armagh and at the famous Musical School of Hungret, on the Shannon, to which I referred the other day, and was, I believe, at the head of the bards of Ireland. St. Columba's honoured name is (to our reproach) only commemorated at one. of our Dublin churches, the chapel attached to the College of St. Columba, formerly at Stackallan, county Meath, and now situated at Bathfarnham, near Dublin. When St. Columba lived, as I need hardly tell you, printing was unknown. Now, the Irish saint Finnian possessed a famous MS. of the Psalms. Columba, like Sebastian Bach in later timeB, asked leave to make a copy of it for his own use. Like Sebastian Bach, he was refused. St. Finnian would not lend it.. So Columba, just like Bach, worked away by night, and secretly made one. Some one told this to St. Finnian, and he demanded from Columba the copy; the young man refused, and appealed to King Dermod at Tara; the decision was against him. The decree was very characteristic of those early times j it began in these words:—" Every cow has a right to her own calf "—(laughter) —and, the St. Finnian MS. being the source of the copy, the latter must be given up. Now Columba was a true Irishman in every way. It is true he was learned, he was musical, but he was also rash in the extreme; he first reproached his kinsman, the King of Ulster, for siding against him, and then, taking away the precious MS., he went off and roused up his own clan, the great sept of the O'Neills. When did Irishmen refuse such a summons? Up rose the O'Neills, they followed Columba, and fought a bloody battle with the forces of King Dermod,. in which battle hundreds were slain! Columba now felt remorse, as well e might, and he made, or tried to make, eparation by voluntarily exiling himself to he island of Iona, on the northern coast of Scotland, where his subsequent history is well known. Now, it happened at this time that the Irish musicians, like most petted eople, grew spoiled; so many of the nation followed the bardic profession that other occupations were neglected ; the bards were very fractious—nay, both Welsh and Irish bards were known to demand the hawk, the hound, or the personal ornaments of their very host or hostess! To such a pitch did the Irish bards carry their claims that at last the King resolved to expel them all, and but for St Columba, who was specially suni-" mon d home from his voluntary exile and his missionary labours at Iona, this would have been done. However, he, as their former head, felt so great an interest in them, that he induced the . king to rescind the decree, and having saved the bards from banishment, returned tolouaanddied there. When the Danes ravaged that island, in the 10th century, his body was carried back to Ireland, and interred in the same grave with St. Patrick and St. Brigid. So you see how closely connected with Irish muBic was our great saint, Columb-kille. Now for the Irish harp. In this portion of my subject I have to acknowledge what very great assistance I have, received from the researches of that profound Irish scholar and accurate' antiquary, the late Eugene O'Curry, and the exhaustive and careful editing of that learned man and most courteous gentleman, Dr. Sullivan, the Secretary of ihe Boyal Irish Academy, who has kindly permitted me to make use of the proof sheets of his forthcoming edition of the lectures iu question— works which contain more information, and are, if possible, more accurate, than even the writings of George Petrie. The harp, mostly called cruit in Irish MSS., was known in very early times here—even in the days of those Grecian colonists of Ireland, the Tuatha de Danaan, 1800 years before the/Incarnation, when effects are attributed to it similar to those of Timotheus with Alexander, making the listeners weep, laugh, and sleep by turns. The well-known myth of the discovery of the lyre from a tortoise-shell by the Egyptian Mercury had also its interesting Inkh counterpart, when a woman, walking on the strand of Camas (supposed to be in the county of Antrim), hears sounds emitted by the dried sinews of a whale's carcaBe, and thence (eajs the chronicler) was derived the Irish cruit. It would appear that tbe most ancient Tiieban harps had strings oi iatgati and .not of-wire, like those' oViflm G6untfS». which anciently possessed thern'otii^JbrdMl and silver. Assyrian harps seem to have been played with a plectrum. The harp seen and sketched by Bruce in his travels to discover the eouroe of the Nile had no fore pillar, which rather puzzled magicians as to the manner in which the strain of the strings could be borne, the pull of the strings in a modern grand piano being equivalent to a weight of many tons. Brace's account was long doubted, until supported by other English travellers; as well as by the Dane, M. Norden, and by the French M. Denon, who accompanied Napoleon to Egypt in 1798. A harp without the fore pillar is represented upon the Irish cross of Ullard, county Kilkenny, which would seem to show that our harp came from Egypt. The telyn, or Welsh harp, was by O'Curry ingeniously derived from the term teillin, buzzing of bees, which its tones, produced by horse-hair strings, would suggest. The names of all these instruments were, however, somewhat loosely applied, just as our piano-makers might speak of "a cottage," meaning a musical instrument. Dr. Sullivan thinks the harp of David, and that of the captive Israelites, was the triangular kinnor, and that the harp, shaped as we see it, originated in the British Isles, most probably in Ireland. From the eighth to the fourteenth century the Irish oruit-players wandered about Europe, extending their steps even to Italy, where, according to Dante (fourteenth century), quoted by Galilei in 1581, both Irish harps and harpists were awarded the palm and an antiquity above all others. This, it should be remembered, was in the reign of Henry VIII. A very interesting part of Sir R, Stewart's lecture consisted in a detailed account of Vallancey's, Petrie's, and, the most correct of all, of O'Curry's history of the socalled Brian Boroihme harp in the College Museum, an instrument which the lecturer described as the most ancient and one of the moBt beautifully shaped harps in Europe. A wire-strung harp, exactly copied from it, was used at the lecture; melodies in the four scales used by Irish harpers being performed upon it by Mrs. Mackey, professor of the harp at the Boyal Academy of Musio. The agreement of each melody, with a diagram of its scale suspended upon the wall, was further pointed out. The airs played were— The Goolin," " The Valley lay smiling," " Bememberthe Glories of Brian the Brave," and "Weep on I" The latter, as a further illustration, was sung by one of the children of the College Chapel choir. A model (in plaster of Paris) of the large and beautiful Dallway harp, of fifty-two strings (1621) was exhibited, and allusion was made to one of the very few ancient Irish instruments now extant, viz., the harp with thirty-seven strings, and about three feet high, formerly belonging to the famous Bobin Adair, and now in the possession of his descendant, the accomplished Sir George Hodson, Bart., of Hollybrooke, near Bray. The next lecture of the series was to have included a notice of the Irish bagpipe, and to have been illustrated by performances on that instrument. THE AMNESTY MOVEMENT. The following powerful and conclusive letter has been addressed by Mr. Bernard M'Anulty, of Newcastle-on-Tyne, to the Prime Minister :— 2 Claremont-place, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, January 29,1873. To the Bight Honourable William Ewart Gladstone. Sir—As chairman of the public meeting held on the Town Moor here, a meeting attended by twenty-five thousand people, I am requested to write to you on behalf of the political prisoners still incarcerated. Before entering on the subject of this letter, I have to inform you that the meeting was the largest ever held in this district, and was well attended by our English fellow-townsmen and others from the adjacent localities. Several of the speakers at the meeting were Englishmen, who came boldly and generously forward to protest against the treatment of those prisoners, and to record their solemn conviction that it was fully time to release them. It is now more than two years since the last of the leaders of the late insurrectionary movement in Ireland were released, and now even those persons who were loudest in the condemnation of that release are the first to acknowledge that it is, to use the mildest term, highly impolitic, if not legally as well as morally unjust, to detain the followers. Tou, sir, have several times replied to letters and petitions similar to this, " that the remaining prisoners are not political," and you avail yourself of petty legal technicalities to justify their detention. The nation expects a better and clearer answer than mere hair-splitting from the author of such comprehensive measures as yon have brought forward. It would be a sheer waste of time for me to urge again the oft-repeated arguments which prove (at least to all disinterested minds) that they are truly political prisoners, so that I will merely say that no amount of skilful legal evasion can affect the broad common sense view of the questiop, namely, that they were tried and condemned' for alleged complicity in the same movement which the men already released originated and led. If you, sir, will boldly .meet this statement with a direct denial, and give reasons foe that denial, the public will be satisfied; but nntil yon do so no amount of legal quibbling willj convince: the inhabitatants of these kingdoms that the prisoners are detained for anjr pther reason than a paltry spirit of revenge; and, above all, to show the people of Iceland how coolly and insolently the Minis-' Jtry .oan ipnm the unanimous petition bfthat (WWtijy wfl'thuB insult the 'Irish nation' by telling them, both in word and deed, that their voice has no weight in governing themselves. ' Is it worth while.thus to exasperate a whole people when all that you are asked to do is to extend to the followers the same clemency shown to the leaders ? Clemency! do I say. Nay. What was clemency to the ohiefs has become by their release an act of moral justice to their subordinates. I entreat you to take a broad and generous view of this question, and to remember that mercy should not be strained and measured by a grudging band. I have now to leave the question of amnesty pure and simple, and to deal with a statement of yours which has caused the utmost consternation amongst the people; a statement which has carried with it a deadly, sickening thrill to many a brave heart. You have stated in your answers to several letters, and particularly in answer to the letter from Mr. Segrave, of Wigan, that there are but twenty-one political prisoners—or prisoners whom we maintain are political. Here is a list of persons sentenced for treasonable offences who are unaccounted for:— MILITARY. Sergeant M'Carthy, Drum-Major Farrell, Corporal Chambers, Corporal Harrington, Corporal Brennan, Corporal M'Lean, Corporal Mulvihill, Corporal Cunningham, Private J. Wilson, Private M. Hagans, Private P. Keating, Private T. Hassett, Private Chanston, Private J. Keilly, Private O'Brien, Private Dillon, Private T. Delaney, Private J. Foley, Private P. Killeen, Private T. Kenny, Private J. Cloughey, Private P. Burke, Private W. Campbell, Private Kelly, Private Benton, Private Lynch, Private W. Foley, Private Keilly, Private W. Price, Private D. Lyons, Private Hughes, Private Conroy, Private D. Hall, Private P. Gaffney, Private T. Kelly, Private J. Conneli, Private B. M'Nally, Private Barlow, Private J. Donohoe, Private Lynch, Private P. Daly, Private Kavanagh, Private Flood, Private J. Shine, Private P. M'Coy. CIVILIANS. J. J. Joyce, P, Kearne, M. Ferley, M. Davitt, J. Wilson, P. Condon, P. Meledy. The foregoing list does not include the names of those already released, nor does it contain the names of those who have died in prison. Since their sentence they have never been heard of. Their relations are in torture as to their fate, and everyone asks himself, " Is my friend amongst the twenty-one that can be accounted for, or is he amongst those who have mysteriously disappeared ?" Set this fearful anxiety at rest; let the public know the names and sentences of the twenty-one; and, above all, sir, state distinctly and clearly what has become of the others. No mere acknowledgment of the receipt of this letter will satisfy the public. Where are the men who entered your prisons some years ago, who have never since been beard of, and all knowledge of whom you now deny ? In such a case as this, plain speaking is imperatively required; and I now tell you boldly, should you not account fully for them, the public will look at the matter in its worBt light, and conclude that they are the victims of foul play. The case of Daniel Beddin is fresh in their minds, and nine men out of ten would have sunk under the tortures he endured and outlived. If all the prisoners are not satisfactorily accounted for, we must conclude that the others have succumbed to similar tortures. I enclose copies of the resolutions passed at the meeting; and I assure you that those resolutions are not the expression of a mere passing sentiment. They give utterance to a deep-rooted feeling, which has been growing for years, and which late events—notably your own ambiguons answers—have developed to the highest degree. I most respectfully request .not only an early reply to the petition of the meeting, bnt, above all, a precise and unequivocal account of the prisoners still in custody, and of the fate of those whose mysterious disappearance has brought vividly before the public mind the awful memories of Siberia and the Bastile.—I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, Bernard M'AuuiTT. Mr. M'Amilty appends the resolutions adopted at the Newcastle Amnesty meeting. CRIMELESS TIPFERARY. In the Cashcl G-azette we find the fol lowing report of the proceedings at the Cashel Petty Sessions Court on. the previous Wednesday;— Hon. Martin Joseph Ffrench, R.M., chairman. Mr. Scully, petty sessions clerk, informed the chairman that there was no case for trial of any kind. Mr. Denis O'Kearney (Crux) said as representative of the Sheriff he begged leave to present the honourable chairman with a pair of white gloves. At present, on account of the inclement season, the labouring population were unable to earn anything, and poverty was often an incentive to crime. It was a happy circumstance that there wasno case to try, and lie begged to make the presentation as an emblem of the purity of the inhatants and their freedom from crime. The Chairman said he'had much pleaure in accepting the presentation, as it testified to the good sense of tlte people in abstaining from, crime, and also as a token of the good order of the district. ' The court then adjourned. And yet there is a Coercion Act for Tipperary. TttE DEATH OF LORD KIIMAINE. The late Rt. Hon. John Cavendish Browne, Baron Kilmaine, of The Neale, in the peerage of Ireland, of which he was a representative peer, eldest of the six sons of James Caulfield, and a baron of Nova Scotia, was the second baron, by his wife Ann, daughter of the Right Hon. Sir Henry Cavendish, Bart., of Doveridge Hall, county Derby, and was born June 11, 1794. He succeeded his father as third baron in May, 1825, having married first, January 4, 1822, Eliza, daughter of-the late Mr. David Lyon, and by her, who died in September, 1834, his lordship had three sonB and four daughters. His lordship's sons, who were all in the army, are dead, but his four daughters are living—namely, Lady Beaumont, Lady Abercromby (wife of Sir G. S. Abercromby, Bart.), Hon. Mrs. Burrowes, and Lady Lurgan. His lordship married secondly, in September, 1839, Mary, daughter of the late Hon. Charles Ewan Law, Recorder of London, and grand-daughter of Edward, first Lord Ellenborough, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, by whom lie leaves a numerous family, including his successor in the title, Hon. Francis William Browne, born March 24, 1843. FUNERAL OF LADY BECHER (MISS O'NEILL). A Xondon paper gives this glimpse of the last scene in the career of the once great actress, Miss O'Neill: " The remains of Lady Becher were interred on Nov. 1st, in the family vault, in Castlemartyr Churchyard, Ireland. The funeral cortege was more than a mile in length. The chief mourners were Sir Henry Wrixon Becher, Bart., Mr. John Wrixon Becher, and Mr. William Wrixon Becher, the three sons of the deceased. The tenantry of Sir H. W. Becher, to the number of 200, walked four abreast. The windows of the Ballyhass National School, in which the deceased lady took a deep interest, were draped in black, and a black streamer was suspended from the roof." REMARKABLE LONGEVITY. The most remarkable case of longevity known to any person in this part of the county is that of Kate Magrath, whose remains were interred in Kilmoily churchyard, last Sunday. She lived to the great age of 114 years! She was sound in mind and body to the last. Until a few weeks before her demise she assisted her granddaughter in the various business of her house. Her son, with whom she lived, is a small farmer, in the parish of Ballyhaigue, and now a very old man. Her maiden name was Regan. She was born in the village of Kilmoily—the same village in which her remains now rest for ever. How many vicissitudes of time and place had this old woman witnessed. She was born about the same year that Clement III. received the Papal Crown. It is only the seventh Pope that has outlived her. In the reign of George II. she was born, and only the sixth sovereign of England has survived her. At her birth, Louis XY. sat on the throne of France, and she survived its eighth Emperor; notwithstanding that three Republics rose and two fell in the meantime. She saw her father pay a guinea for as much oaten straw as she and himself were able to carry on their backs without much difficulty, about a hundred years ago, when there was a cattle famine, but she never saw as much rain fall in any one year as she had seen the last year of her life.—Correspondent of Tralee Chronicle. MR,. GLADSTONE AND IRISH LANDLORDS. The Athy correspondent of the Leinster Express of Saturday has the following statement:—"I am credibly informed that his Grace the Duke of Leinster has received a communication from Mr. Gladstone, in which the Premier expresses his entire disapproval of Irish landlords interfering with the spirit of the Liand Act. He further states that, if the course recently adopted by some landlords be persisted in, it will give rise to the necessity of again bringing the subject before Parliament when next assembled, with a view of having the Irish Land Act remodelled on such a basis as to prevent any further agitation on the subject." DEATH OF AN IB.ISH SMUGGLER. In Scribner's for December there is the following graphic description, by Mr. Froude, of the death of a famous Irish smuggler of the eighteenth century :— It was a strange place, close to the sea, amidst rocks and bogs and utter desolation. Near it stood the wreck of a roofless church" and the yet older ruin of some Danish pii-ate's nest. The shadowy form of the brigantine was visible through the grey fiheet tif falling rain, at anchor in the harbbuiy and from the rocks in the entranbe'caine the moaning of the Atlantic svtelli Mi>rty> looking for no visitors on "such a-'ingbt,-, ,H had neglected to post sCntinSlsP Thc'house was surrounded, and the wolf was trapped. —The. dogs inside wem the first to take alarm. A violent bark ing was heard, and then suddenly the door was thrown open: Morty appeared in his shirt, fired a blunderbuss at the men who were nearest him and retired, a volley of small arms followed from the windows and slits in -the wall. One soldier was killed and" three others wounded. The strictest orders had been given to take Morty if possible alive, and the fire was not at first returned. The house was'evidently full of men; eighteen of them bolted one after another, in the hopes of drawing off the troops in pursuit Each, however, was caught and examined! and, when found not to be the man whom the party came in search of, was let go At last there were but five left in the house. Morty saw his time was come He did not choose to be taken, and determined to die like a man. He sent out his wife and child, who were with him, with a request that their lives might be saved. The officer in command received them kindly, and gave them such protection as he could. Morty himself refused to surrender ; it was determined to set fire to the thatch, and wild-fire waa thrust under the eaves. The straw was soaked with wet, and long refused to catch. At last it blazed up ; the flames seized the dry rafters ; the roof fell in • and, amidst the burning ruins, Morty and his four remaining companions were seen standing at bay, blunderbuss in hand. He was evidently desperate, and to save life it was necessary to shoot him. The soldiers fired : Morty fell with a ball through his heart. Two of his companions fell at his side ; the other two were taken, the same two, it so happened, who had been Morty's companions at the murder of Puxley. One of them, Little John Sullivan he was called, was perhaps Morty's kinsman ; the name of the other was Daniel Conneli. The barony o£ Iveragh and Danynane Abbey, where the Connell's, or O'Connells, of later celebrity, had already established themselves, was but seven miles distant across the water; and it is thus possible, and even probable, that Daniel Conneli, who had assisted at Puxley's murder, and escaped the bullets at Clernderry, was i scion of the same family which, in the next generation, produced the Liberator. The weather making it impossible to carry off the brigantine, she was sunk, when daylight came, at her anchorage. The fire was extinguished; the ruins of the house were searched; and Morty's account books (he was punctual as Dirk Hatteraick himself in his money transactions), his bills, notes, and papers, were found uninjured. Among them were found letters from many persons oi consequence in the country, showing that they were accomplices in the assassination of the revenue officers. Twenty ankers of brandy and some chests of tea had been destroyed by the fire. Morty's body was carried to Cork. Hi« head mouldered upon a spike over the gate 'of the south jail. The rest o£ him was buried in the battery. The prisoners can be traced to the jail; there is no mention that either of them were hanged, but of their further fate the records are silent. So ended one of the last heroes of Irish imagination, on whose character the historian, who considers that he and such as he were" the natural outgrowth of the legislation to which it was thought wise and just to submit his country, will not comment uncharitably. He had qualities which, had Ireland been nobly governed, might perhaps have reconciled him to its rulers, and opened for him an honourable and illustrious career. At worst he might have continued to serve with his sword a Catholic sovereign, and might have paved his way with it to rank and distinction. He was tempted home by the opportunities of anarchy and the hopes of revenge. In his own adventurous way he levied war to the last against the men and the system under which Ireland was oppressed. When he fell he fell with a courage which made his crime forgotten, and the ghost of his namp still hovers about the wild shores of, the Kenmare River, of which he was so long the terror and the pride. 