The Wallaroo Times. WALLAROO: SATURDAY. MARCH 22. 1873. THE small minority composing the thoughtful electors in the colony for the Legislative Council, may look upon the Gumeracha-cum-Adelaide mismanagement of affairs prior to the election with mingl- ed feelings. There is, we take it for granted, matter for rejoicing when any great farce is exploded, and this has been the completion of what may be called with equal correctness either Ross's or the Candidates' catechism. They were mainly responsible for its appearance, inasmuch as had they chosen to be other than "dumb dogs who do not bark," Mr Ross's opportunity, if such it really were, would not have arrived. Then, again, the limited number of electors we have before alluded to, may, with all decency and pro- priety, regret that one estate in the colony should have been made a laughingstock of. For our own part we cannot be sure what Mr Ross's intention was in the mat- ter. It is generally understood that he means, at the next general election for the Assembly, to attempt to oust EBENEZER from his seat for Gumeracha. And if rumour be at all correct, that will not be a difficult matter, even supposing the patriot shall not be otherwise provid- ed for. Looked at thus it might have been politic for Mr Ross to play first fiddle before the Gumeracha electors, who must be a peculiarly verdant race of people. But we cannot be quite cer- tain that when he compiled his cate- chism he was not perpetrating an infinite joke. Whilst engaged at the labour he would surely ask himself whether, out of the baker's dozen of candidates, ten would be found so utterly bereft of common dis- cretion as to turn schoolboys at an age when they might be reasonably expected to play the man. As the issue proved there were scores of electors in Adelaide and throughout the country that swal- lowed the bait with the greatest avidity, Most of our contemporaries gave it the honor of a quotation with notes of admir- ation appended. We, believing it to be best to "let every dog have his day," contented ourselves with simply demon- strating the uselessness of political cate- chisms in general. Now, we may go fur- ther. They are not only useless, but ab- surd, and wrong in principle. What the candidates answers were to the questions submitted to them we neither know nor care. No person who has a decent re- gard for his own sanity would read the twelve columns of the Register in which they are reported. How the Adelaide electors really sat out such a farce as the meeting was, we utterly fail to understand. Meetings at which three or four candi- dates address the same audience are not particularly lively affairs whilst the pro- ceedings are confined to speechifying, but audiences may well be enthusiastic con- cerning these when they recollect what an Adelaide audience may endure. Of one thing we may be assured, there is no other city in the wide world where such patience and endurance would be manifested. We can have no objection to say that if Mr Ross really believes in his cate- chism the electors of Gumeracha have done wisely in the past when they refused to return him. Not that we object to what there is in it. An immense number of much more foolish questions are usually asked of all candidates who seek the suf- frages of the electors. But it is the prin- ciple upon which the matter is based that we utterly condemn. It is well, and al- ways will be the rule, for candidates to give the electors the benefit of their views ; but, we ask, of what use is it send- ing a representative to Parliament with his hands fettered, without a vestige of independence left to him, and without liberty to deviate from a grooved and de fined track. Candidates, let it be sup- posed, go into Parliament pledged to vote in one way on a particular question. The task is a very easy one when that ques- tion is brought on. They might as well sit in the smoking room, be reading a novel in the library, or pair off and go comfortably about their business as listen to what is said. If the electors have not sufficient confidence in the representa- tives they return to allow these gentle- men to exercise their own unbiassed, un- fettered judgments, there is a screw loose somewhere. They might as well send dummies into the House, or, better still, merely messengers to record their votes. And there is an absolute certaiuty that the men likely to make the very worst members will promise with the greatest readiness and to the utmost extent. One of the greatest vices attendaut upon de- mocratic institutions is that unlimited promise making and promise breaking are by them engendered. If the catechism system were to be adopted this great evil would be fostered as is a tropical plant in a greenhouse. One thing is certain. A few more exhibitions like that in the Adelaide Town Hall, on Monday, would make a general election for the Legislative Council such a mockery and burlesque that no good man would care to enter the lists. Again, we may repeat that it is of little, possibly not of any, consequence to any person in the world, be be elector or not, what at least half of the candidates think of the questions Mr Ross chose to submit to them. Of course, half of them, if they are not utterly devoid of understanding, know that there never existed the ghost of a probability that any majority of the electors would ever think of returning them to Parliament in this year of grace, 1873. But it is not to these we refer. As surely as there is truth in the history of the sayings and doings of South Australian Parliaments, half of the matters referred to in the catechism will be in the same unsettled condition they are now found, when the general election for the Council shall take place, at which the gentlemen now returned should give an account of their stewardships. And of another large pro- portion of Mr Ross's questions it may be remarked that the members of the Upper House will have as much power to affect their disposition as to determine the courses of the stars. The fact is, that without being ultra- democratics, any sen- sible person may begin to ask himself the question, of what, either use or ornament, is the Upper Chamber of the Legisla- ture ? It seems to be almost powerless, either to initiate or negative. "We should be very sorry to see it abolished, because, whilst it exists, there is the possibility that it may be amended. But to close one's eyes to the fact that grave reform is not needed, is next door to an impossi- bility. The day when this reform will take place is, we dare say, as near as that which will witness the reform of the Lower Chamber. But still, we award the palm to the institutions of the Lower House. Sometime, it may be, Her Majesty's judges of the Supreme Court may assist in improving the composition of the As- sembly, but the members of the Council form too decorous a body to be thus in- terfered with." We are requested by the auctioneer, Mr A. Saunders, to direct attention to his sale of horses, farming, stork, &c.;, at the Exchange Hotel, Kadina on Monday next. A BRANCH of the National Bank has been opened at Georgetown, in the Gulnare area, and it is found a great convenience bv both farmers and traders. We understand that W. Hocking, jun., for whose apprehension a warrant was issued from the Wallaroo Police Court, on Monday, he not having appeared to a charge of cruelty towards his wife was arrested in Adelaide, on Wednesday. A discovery ie reported of a lode about 1½ ft. big, near to Wallaroo, stones taken from which are strongly stained green. These appear to be composed of a fine spar and it is hoped that the find may lead to something. At the Wallaroo Police Court, on Wednesday, before Mr J. Hay. J.P., Henry Boxall was fined 5s for drunkenness, and on Thursday, before Mr J. B. Shepherdson, S.M., he was fined 10s for an offence under the Police Act, time allowed till Saturday to pay the fine. The latest telegraphic information from London is to the effect that copper has advanced in value from £92 to £94 or £96 per ton. In reviewing the prospect of the copper trade, in our issue of Wednesday, the 19th inst., wa intimated that an advance in price might reasonably be expected. We are informed that the stakes, £20 per side, won by Peeeping Tom, in the Trotting Match, on Monday, on the "Yorke's Peninsula Race-Course, have not been paid over on accouut of some infor- mality respectingthe weighing, which caused a protest to be entered. Letters respecting this ap- pears in another column. A correspondent in town, who is somewhat be- hind the scenes in political matters "sends to us the following tip, respecting the ensuing election for the Council:—Ayers, Duffield, Everard, Tarlton, Fisher, Hogarth, Hay. We should ima- gine our correspondent is not very wide of the mark. The usual quarterly meeting of the Yorke's Pe- ninsula Aboriginal Mission Committee, was held in the Moonta Institute, on Wednesday, H. B. Hancock presiding, and the Secretary, Mr G. N. Birks, and the Treasurer, Capt. Anthony, with several members of Committee being present. The business transacted was of a formal character. We have reason to believe that it is the inten- tion of Mr H. Kent Hughes, M.P., to pay his constituents on the Peninsula a visit during the recess, but as we have before intimated there is no prospect of Parliament being summoned to meet at an early date, and consequently, it may be some time before we see Mr Hughes. AT the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce to discuss the Immigration question the members present were pronounced in their opinions on a point we have recently strongly urged, viz., that prevision should be made for the assisted passages of the hundreds of small capitalists to be found in England. AN ingenious method of rewarding humble merit has been devised by the Taranaki Rifle Association. At their last rifle meeting the lowest scorer was presented with a medal made of tin, about ten inches in circumference, with the alphabet around the rim, and the portrait of a donkey in the centre. THE Auckland Star, tells the little story :— "A Thames miner, called on his lady love the other night, and found his rival engaged in cutting her corns. The ponderous dimensions of the Grahamstown miners' boots are proverbial, and the mass of that foot multiplied into its velocity on that occasion, was sufficient to entirely obliterate the rival." WE are requested by Mr T. Padman, agent to the Australian Mutual Provident Insurance Society, to correct an error that unfortunately found its way into the local intelligence in our last issue. Mr Padman will deliver his lecture on the advantages of Life Assurance, this (Saturday) evening, in Mr Willshire's Schoolroom. Port Wal- laroo, not in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kadiua, as we stated. AN entertainment given in the Moonta Insti- tute, on Tuesday evening, March 18, by the Moonta Histrionic Club, for the benefit of Mr Bargwanna's Band, was well attended, considering the gloomy state of the weather. The "Robber's Wife" and the "Queer Subject" were repeated and received with unbounded applause. The band performed two or three overtures in their usual admirable style, and two songs were sung by Mr Goodman. SAYS the Australasian :—"A day or two ago a letter from a Sydney sharebroker was shown, in which was the following:—"There has been a great fall in Krohmans. Only half a ton of gold got this crushing." This is not fooling, hut sober earnest. The gold got represents £50,000, but the modest shareholders expected a £100,000 yield. However, the proprietors shouldn't be too much down on their luck. "Half a ton of gold hasn't a bad sound. A LECTURE on behalf of the funds of the Kadina Institute was given by the Rev. W. Wilson in the Oddfellows' Hall, on Tuesday evening, the Mayor, Mr T. H, Hall, presiding. The subject of the Lecture was the "Arts of Ancient Egypt," and some diagrams, admirably illustrating these, were supplied. Owing probably to the inclemency of the weather" the attendance was rather meagre, and this was to be regretted, as a very interesting programme had been prepared, some able ama- teurs from the mines and township rendering a selection of very choice music, both vocal and in- strumental, during the course of the evening. The evening's proceedings were brought to a close by the usual formal votes of thanks being moved. A meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Race Com- mittee took place on Thursday evening, at the Exchange Hotel, Kadina, when the drawing for the right to have publican's booths on the course resulted as follows:—Mr Hancock, Kadina, No. 1 booth ; and Mr Giffuey, also of Kadina, No 2 booth. The drawing for refreshment booths was postponed till Monday evening, when the Com- mittee will meet at Mr Johnstone's Prince of Wales Hotel, Port Wallaroo. A Clerk of the Course was then appointed, and arrangements were entered into respecting the Band, Grand Stand, and other matters. The meeting then broke up. From the spirited manner in which the Committee enter into their wotk it may be expected that the ensuing event will be superior to any preceding one on the Peninsula. The Maryborough Chronicle is giving a full report of the action brought against MrS. (sic) Osborne, late of Moonta, for the sum of £7,500, on account of the non-delivery of certain shares agreed to be sold by defendant to plaintiff. The action was proceeding at the date of our last information, but it seemed that defendant was unable to deliver some of the shares because they were promoters and by an article of association could not be transferred till a certain period of time had elapsed. It may amuse some of our Company brokers to learn how Companies are floated in Queensland. Mr Osborne agreed to sell 5000 Shares in the Edina Co., in which there were 100,000 shares, 90,000 of which were piomoters' and 10,000 contributors! A VERY large and influential meeting of share- holders in the New Moonta Mining Company, was held on Wednesday afternoon March 19, in the long room of the Exchange Hotel, Kadina. Mr. T. H. Hall in the chair, and the following gentlemen were elected Directors:—T. H. Hall, F. W. Gurner, and Dr. Robertson, of Kadina; Joshua Bunny and Richard Penrose, of Moonta. In the matter of Auditors the meeting being desir- ous of appointing their own the usual plan was departed from, and John Ford, of Kadina, and J. D. Stephens, of Moonta, were appointed. It was also decided that the Office of the Company should be at Kadina, and immediate steps taken for the vigorous prosecution of work on this most valuable property. IN Anthony Trollope's new book on Australia the following passage occurs:—"I once asked a member of Parliament in one of the colonies, and a magistrate, what he would do,—or what he would recommend me to do,—if stress of circum- stances compelled me to shoot a black man in the bush. Should I go to some nearest police station as anyone would do who in self-defence had shot a white man ;—or, should I go on rejoicing as though I had shot a tiger, or killed a deadly snake ? His advice was clear and explicit. " No one but a fool would say any tiling about it." The aboriginal therefore which you are called on to kill—lest he should kill you or your wife, or because he spears your cattle—is to be to you the same as a tiger or a snake. But this would be in the back districts, far away from towns, in which the black man has not yet learned to be a fine gentleman with dignified deportment, barely taking the trouble to open his mouth as he asks for sixpence, and tobacco." THE following, through an unfortunate mistake, was omitted from our last:—"On Thursday, the 13th inst., the Rev. W. Wilson, of Kadina, de- livered the first of a series of Lectures to be given at the Wallaroo Mines Reading Room, during the ensuing season. There was a very good attend- ance, and S. Higgs, Esq., jun., the President oc- cupied the Chair. The Chairman, in introducing the Lecturer to his audience, took occasion to make a few apposite preliminary remarks. He alluded to the small space of time that had elapsed since the Reading Room had been commenced, the valuable library that had been accumulated in its shelves, the fine piano that graced it, and the large number of subscribers whose names were on its books. After this there was some music, given by the accomplished amateurs to be found on the mines. The rev. lecturer then proceeded, giving a masterly sketch of the history, manners, and customs of those whom we suppose we mav call our illustrious forefathers. There was a pause in the lecture, when some fine music was rendered, and when the rev. gentleman proceeded, illustra- ing his lecture with well drawn diagrams, he re- tained the interest of the audience. More good music and the customary formula at the close of a Lecture brought proceedings to a close. THE following seems almost too good to be true:—"Janus," a contributor to the Dunolly Express, referring to the Exhibition, says :—'One of the exhibits which obtained honorable mention has been omitted not only from the notice of the Argus, but all the daily journals. On a certain evening an individual, in a decided state of beer, was observed endeavouring to steady himself against the stand containing the display of brush- ware belonging to Mr John Zevenboom. The gong had been sounded for closing the building and yet the beery one showed no signs of clearing out. He seemed to be a facetious individual, for a frequent stnile broke over his features at inter- vals, and was only interrupted by the hiccup which affected him when his spirituous contents got too much the best of his muscular powers. To him advanced a policeman, and the following colliquy ensued:—Policeman—"Now, then, you —move on—the place is closing up." Adult Visitor—"That'sh nothing ; I can't go. I'm an exshibitsh—waiting for hon'ble mentionsh." Policeman (entering austerely into the fun) "Oh ! you're an exhibit, are you ? What's your class ?" A. V.—"Rope and brushware. Look here, old fellow! ' No. 622, cordage, Mr McNally.' No. 683, mops and brooms'—that's me. Can't go you see ; waiting for hon'ble men- tionsh.' It being satisfactorily ascertained that he was "mops and brooms," he was honorably mentioned in the charge book at the police station and locked up. TE:LEGRAMS received by the Anglo Australian Line tell that Mr Gladstone, after being informed by the Queen that the Opposition had abandoned the idea of forming a Ministry, had, after consul- tation placed his services at the disposal of Her Majesty. Mr Disraeli had required, that if he formed a Ministry there should be a new Parlia- ment, it being believed that in the event of a gene- ral election, the Conservatives would obtain seve- ral seals that are now occupied by their opponents. The decline in the price of wool had been arrested, but there had not been a recovery in prices which were estimated to be 25 per cent, below the Feb. rates. The recovery was, however, anticipated. The value of copper remained unaltered. In Spain the Government troops had been victorious over the Carlists. France and Germany had made a treaty which, stipulates that the payment of the balance of the war indemnity shall be made by instalments terminating in September, and the whole of the French Territory is to be evacuated by the German troops before, except Yerdon and the district round, which will be occupied till September. The Anglo- Australian Steamship Company, whose object is to establish a line of steamers to Australia via the Cape of Good Hope, has been registered, with a capital of £1,250,000. The P. & O. Co's. steamer Sumatra, sailed from Galle on Monday. WE take the following from the Register "The engraving for 1872, issued by the Royal As- sociation for the Promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland, is now ready for delivery, and may be obtained by subscribers from the Honorary Secre- tary, Mr David Culley, Flinders-street. We have seen the engraving, which is the work of Mr W. H. Simmons, and taken from Sir Noel Paton's celebrated painting of "Chirst in the Garden with the three Disciples, Peter, James, and John." The artist has portrayed his conception of the moment in which the Saviour, returning from his prayer of agony in the Garden of Gethsemane, discovers his three chosen followers overcome with sleep. They are represented as sitting beneath the spreading branches of an aged tree, whose massive trunk serves for a support against which they are reclining. Peter occupies a position in the centre of the group, and his stalwart form, rugged fea- tures, and clenched hands bespeak a firmness even in sleep. Upon Peter's right is the Apostle James, while on the left is the "beloved disciple," whose beautiful head with its upturned feminine-look- ing face rests upon the arm of his more resolute companion. The countenance of each wears a troubled expression as though drowsines had overtaken them in the midst of a painful watch- ing. The attitude and look of Jesus, who stands with clasped hands gazing, down upon them ere disturbing their repose, evince deep sorrow and compassion without the slightest tinge of reproach. Mr Simmons has performed his task artistically and well, and the result is a very fine picture. Specimen-plates of two or more of the engravings, illustrating Sir Walter Scott's "Heart of Midlo- thian," may also be seen at the premises of Messrs. Culley and Son. The first shows Musehat's Cairn, and the second is a view of Richmond Hill." WE need say but little respecting the libel case, Rees v. Ward, that has attracted attention during the last few days. Persons who are fond of read- ing disgusting details can refer to the evidence as contained in the reports of our town contempor- aries, on Thursday last. But there is one point to which we ought to direct public attention. Ward, in his address to the bench went into "high falutin " about the difficulties, duties, and respon- sibilities of the press. He said, "those who were placed in the position of public writers had a heavy responsibility thrown upon them, and they ought equally to be protected against false and malicious prosecutions; and he trusted their Worships would not seek to impose such a severe disability upon the Press of the colony as thej would do, if for writing without malice what he believed to be true they committed him as a cri- minal to the Supreme Court . . . . . If there was one thing more than another which en- titled England to the proud position she held it was the absolute freedom allowed to the press, and he maintained that a newspaper editor, who wrote of a man what he believed to be true, and what he could show to be true, in the discharge of his duty towards the public interests, was en- titled to protection rather than a malicious and false prosecution." It is a matter of record that this very press writer and pleader for the privi- leges of the Press has twice sought to crush this journal, and in both instances has signally failed —in fact, that he is at the present time attempt- ing to prosecute the Wallaroo Times for libel. On Monday he was brought before the Police Court, charged with the same offence and escaped committal because the solicitor for the prosecution was not prepared to go on with the case. On Wednesday he was committed to the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, as everybody who read the information laid against him must have anticipated. Bail was taken, that of himself in the sum of £20, and two friends in the sum of £10 each. We conclude by expressing our regret that by any possibility such a disgusting case could come before any one of our law courts. 