LAVING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE ARMIDALE ANGLICAN CATHEDRAL. (Abridged from the Churchman.) Jue morning of Thursday, 22ud May, tho day appointed for the laying tho foundation stono of tho now Cathedial Church, was most auspicious in regard to weuthor lhat tho davwas lo bo an occasion of unusual inteicst was evident at an early period, by tho nunibor of persons seen in tbo strctts, dresfcd in Iboir Sunday's best 'lins 1111 prctsion must a liltlo later havo received full conlirmiition b) the very cxtraordmnrj amount of bunting and national tags thutwiis to bo seen fluttering from linos at a con- siderable elevation over tho foundution of Iho now Church Amid nil the causo for rejoicing, Iho givor of thanks lo linn who is the Authoi of all good was not omitted Iho Bishop, tlio clergj rci-ident und visiting in Armidale, and miinj members of tho Church wore tit tho colobration of Holy Communion al 8 n in Again at 11 thora woio pinjcrs, tho congregation attending complotoly filling the church On (Ins occasion tho Bcrvico terminated at the third collect, when tho congregation moved in pioeebsion towuids tho sccno of tho ovont to witless wlneh a laigo nunibor, whom tho church could not contain, had iiFEcniblcd on tho ground In this huge and unusual etneoursoin Armidalo nil classes becinio commingled Here, too, tho various cIubbcs of bocioty appeared to acknowledge the ncccssily of having a placo win io they could meet in common for a common object, heneo, pcrhapsj tho general douro to socuro good stand points from which to witness tho ceremony Bcfoio commencing the coremonv, tho Bishop placed the parchment document on tho stono, and muted all who might deslio to sign it A hugo number of persons com- plied willi tho invitation Vi hen tho peopio had coasid signing, tlio Bishop rend tho pnrticulms sot forth upon it lliifo were under nn exquisitely beautifully lllumiuated bending "In tho name of God Amen" " Ibis stono was laid by James F Turner, D D , Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, on Thursday, May 22, ad, 1873, being tho Penbl of the Ascension of our blebtcd Lord to Hon\en at which the fust Synod of tho Dioceso was sitting, Septimus Hungerford being cuiuto of tho ecclesiastical dislnct of Armidalo, contain ug towns of Ainndule, Urnlln, nnd Falconer, und squatting stotions as follows -Gostwyck, Dungnr's, Salisbury, MnrBh's, Tembló Ville, ln\lors Mil" Creek, White s, Bnluln, Morso's, Yarrowick, Dnngnr's, Booiolong, Mnish s, Gjrnh, Legh's, SnumnrLi', Thomas's, E^ers lcifeh, Belfield and Co's, Tilbuster, Ciors's, Gara, Mink's, Sugar I oaf, Gill's , Rock Volo Gills, Aborfoil, White's, Ililgro\c, R Hargraves, Wnllomumbi, Flet- chers, Gnj 1 awkes, Rignej's, Serpentine, Cook s, Guy lnwkes, Pnrke's, Hernani, E Hnrgrnves Tyringham und Blick's River, Perrott's Ileniy Arding Thomas, Je bn Moore, mid Roheit Issell Pci rot t, church wardens ' Then followed in the rending the nnmcK of all the cleigj and la-\ îcprosentativcs attending tho Sjnod, and thoso of tho other members of tho Church who lind signed the document, wine h also bore the mimes of J Ileirbmy Hunt, aiehitect lind'Win Senbrook, foreman of works After the reading, it wns pjneed in the hands of tho architect to have it ewlot-cd in a cylindrical metal case Iho form of scmeo for laying Hie chief stono of the Cathedral Church of St Peter, Apostle and Martyr, was then commenci d b\ tho Bishop, and proceeded with by him as far us the Lord's Prayer Then the choir which was stationed south-east of the stone, sang Psalm 127, " Except the Lord build the house," The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield next read the Lesson, being from 1st Cor., 3rd chap., 9th and other verses. The Bishop, after the Lesson, proceeded with the prayers until ho lind read so far as " And tho glorious majesty of the Lord our God bo upon us, prosper Thou the work's of ourhnnds upon ve," and tlio clergy and people had repeated " O prosper Thou ourhnndiwork." Hcic the ceremony of laving the stones commenced, and occupied somo time. Whilo tho Bishop was busy, with Mr. Hunt and Mr. Davis, spreading a bed of cement for the Btonc, tho Rev. Messrs. Greenway and Marshall stationed tluniselvcs at tho machino to lower or raise tho stono as might bo needed. When all was rondy tho square block of granito was safely lowered to its placo, plumbed, and levelled. The document in its metal caso was then deposited in its niche in the top of tho stono, over which the second stono was in courso of timo placed. Tho procoss of plumbing, &c;, was again proceeded with, and as tho level was not so perfect as desired, tho Bishop used tho handsome steel mnllet with moro forco than apparently it was prepared for, as tho shocks caused the head and handle to show an inclination topait asunder. At length the mnsonnry work was finished, and the Bishop said solemnly, .' In the'faith of Jesus Christ, wo plnco this Btone, in tho nnme of tho Fnthcr, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The pcoplo responded " Amen." Tho prayer following bring rend, the choir Bang tho hymn, " 0 Lord of Hosts, Whoso glory fills," and afterwnrdB Psalm 122, " I was glnd when thoy said unto mo ' Wo will go into the House of tho Lord.' ", Then tho Bishop read tho sorvice to tho end. The Bishop next delivered o very impressivo exhorta- tion. Ho withed tho members of the Church to keep in mind the holy deed which had been dono that day ; that to accomplish what thoy hnd undertaken thoy were required to mako sacrifices, not of what cost thom nothing, but of that which thoy valued. The great work was not only for themselves, but for generations who would como after thom, and who, if God stirred up their hearts to worship in it, would havo reason to ho proud of the edifico thoy had built for them. Tho Bishop then very impres- sively skotched in life pictures tho different circum- stances underwhich members of tho Church might have occasion to regard it with reverence and thankfulness. Ho spoko of it as tho sacred placo where tho infant would receive its baptism, where tho youth would bo confirmed in the faith which had been accepted for him at his baptism, where the sacred obligation of marriago would bo under- taken, nnd finally where tho bodies of the departed would bo brought oro convoyed to their last resting-placo. That, ho reminded them, which thoy gave out of lovo to tho object would be moro acceptable to God than whnt was bestowed with indifference. Ho wished all who had any- thing to contribute would do so, let tho amount bo over 'so smnll. The wholo ceremony being now at an ond, contributions to the building fund were brought to tho stono, where the Bev. S. Hungerford and other clergymen waited to reeeivo them. In about half-an-hour, it was announced that £250 in cheques, £94 in notes, £57 in gold, and other monoys were hnnded in.making tho handsome total of £426 Os 9Jd. In tho afternoon, nt 4 o'clock, a Church meeting was held for the purpose of doviBing measures for raising the money required for tho building and completion of tho new Cnthc'dml Church. Tho attendance was very large, and many Indies wtro present. 