EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. (io the Editor of the Advocate.) I intimated in my last that I had an initationio dine at .the parsonage of the Key. r. Rubric, Anglican minister 6f the Protestt church of 8t Sexbui-ga, in the township Wool-cum-aurifer, a few .miles from • the garoo Club . Hotel, where I spent my it evening and morning in the Bush. Rubric was an M.A* ofC.C., Cambridge, territorial magistrate, and well known and ' rlily esteemed far beyond the boundaries his local sphere of ministerial duty; 'He been many years resident in-Wootteauifera, and his flower and fruit' gardens d vineyard were famousfor their superior ture and variety of produce. Ton will w, perhaps, expect to'hear what Ijefell i, a wandering devotee of Pope Pins IX., the hospitable board of Mr. Rubric, a thful son of Dr. Abu-tin' Luther, and So you all. But if you are liot very hungry, irhaps yon will allow toe to . put'dinner :k ten minutes, for the benefit of two ofc e Protestant friends of mine, who got of the Advocate of 'June 21, and who overheard discussing the term Nihilism," as used by me in my letter published by you on that date; without their being able to" arrive at any definite' concep- ion of its meaning or applicability. They did not know what Nihilism, in its most modern acceptation, was. Alluding to the sccessful transit of the Right Rev. Dr. Perry, Protestant Lord Bishop of Melbourne, across the Pons Asinorum of Rationalistic Universalism, under the clever teaching of the Rev. Dr Bromby, I had said that the essence of Protestantism was "Negation, " and that negation was the shortest cut to "Nihilism." By negation, I meant the sin of private judgment; or what Protestants, in their perversity and blindness, speak of as the " right" to deny any doctrine of the Christian Church or of the Holy Scriptures which they consider unreasonable or contrary to reason. By "reason," however, they mean in reality; their own ignorance, or prejudice, or their individual opinion. The word Nihilism— Nothingism—is old enough and plain enough. But of late it is used in a specific descriptive sense, of which my two or three Protestant friends did not seem to be: aware. I therefore, beg their kind atten- tion to what follows. In initiated cir- cles the term Nihilism is used to designate the most radically free- thinking members of the materialistic school of philosophy (falsely so called), and includes in it such names as Voght, Bücher, Moleschott, Feuerbach, Darwin, J.S. Mill, (lately dead), Fourier, Cabanis, Condillac, Mr. Lewes, Castelar, the Duke of Somerset, Strauss, Renan, and too many others. The late Mr. Grote was claimed by the disciples of this school; and Professor, now Dr., Jowett, Master of Baliol, and the other authors of "Essays and Reviews," were once suspected of Nihilistic proclivities. Mr. Voysey, an Anglican minister, was prosecuted last year, or the year before, for assertng the Nihilistic doctrines too forcibly, and was expelled from his living. Some people fear that Dean Stanley looks upon the Nihilists with too favourable an eye. The name was first given in Russia, and several of the ablest and most prominent leaders of the party have been banished from St. Petersburg and Moscow for preaching political nihilism too publicly. Hence it has been found prudent to formulate a fresh theory; and the Nihilists now hold that "systematic hostility to governments checks the progress of science," and therefore the whole mental and literary force of the Nihilists is thrown upon the barriers erected by Christianity around society by means of what they call scientific investigation and development ; and by undermining and de- molishing these, ultimately, and with greater safety and completeness, to remould all governments after the Nihilistic model, by the " reflex movement of a supreme in- tellectual evolution," and to extirpate all superstition—that is, all belief in, and worship of, God. And in thus protending the activity of Nihilistic thought into futurity, the Nihilists lay down the following principle as the sole and inexpugnable point d'appui—" We absolutely reject every existing belief, until it is proved over again to our satisfaction." This is the whole mathematic of the Nihilist science—the total negation of the Protestant scraps, as well as of the Catholic entirety, of the faith, and of all curent systems of social morals, political economy, jurisprudence, art, geology, ethno logy and everything. They begin with believing nothing; hence their name, which was conferred upon them in derision by M. Ivan Turquinef, an eminent Russian writer and critic, in his political novel of " Fathers and Sons," or " Fathers and Children." The name given has been, half reluctantly, half laughingly, accepted ; and Nihilism—whose political and social spirit is embodied in French Communism—stands forth as the most consistent form of Protestantism, re flecting the supernatural, proclaiming end- less and implacable war against the Chris- tian revelation, and declaring the existence of God to be impossible. The primary idea in the materialistic cosmogony is the law of development. The primary idea in the Christian cosmogony is the dogma of creation. In the beginning God created [Genesis i-1.] In the beginning was the Logos, and all things were made by Him [John 1 ' 3 ] Here we have the two schemes of creation and of development, and now observe how the Nihilistic Protestant argues. Suppose you a Nihilist for disbelieving creation, he replies, 'My dear good fellow, I am quite ready to believe it; only prove it to my satisfaction.' ' And what will satisfy him? You must take him back to the mo- ment when Matter was called into existence, and let him see it done. Or if you wonder why he disbelieves Christ, he tells you to prove Christ to his satisfaction, and, he will adore Christ at once. Here he has you. Because if you should undertake to satisfy him, you would have to roll away the last eighteen hundred years and take him back to Calvary, and bring Christ out of heaven, and crucify him over again before your Nihilistic Protestant's face; and I don't think you can do this, and, therefore, you can't satisfy the Nihilist that Christ ever was nailed on a Cross. But if you could, what then ? Then your Protestant Nihilist would give you another task. He would require you to prove that that Christ you showed him was the true Christ. And how could you do that, for there were many false Christs, and how could you identify the Son of Mary among them ? Then, if you took him back, day by day and hour by hour, to the very moment of the Nativity, you were no nearer your proof; because your consistent Protestant Nihilist would beg of you to revoke the Angel Gabriel and let him hear the Annunciation, and then—well, then he would request you to convince him by repeating the Act of Incarnation ;—and thus he would keep you going back and back for ever, and for ever in vain. He has in him the spirit of unbelief, and doesn't want to be satisfied or convinced, and, therefore, never can be. His principle is Negation, which is ever calling God a liar, and ever telling himself he shall not surely die. And from one end of Protestantism to the other it is all the same. There is an A B C class of Nihilists, and a first book of Euclid class, and an Algebra class. But all the classes are one and the same school of negation, of contradiction, of doubt, of infidelity. They all spurn authority, and historic evidence, and scriptural statement, and ecclesiastical teaching, when they don't relish them. One class may be a little further advanced in Natal under the tuition of Bishop Col- enso, another may be a little behind in Melbourne under the ferula of Bishop Perry, who has only just passed his Little-go in Nihilism. The Rev. Dr. Bromby may pick genealogical holes in the Bible after his pleasant, playful, platform manner. None of these profess to deny the Apostles' creed in a lump. But the principle is the same in all ; and negation is partly a case of pluck and partly of worldly prudence. Lawn sleeves and scarlet gowns must march with dignity and scientifically down the road to Nihilism. One dogma of the Apostles' creed may be dropped this year ; another dogma next year. Bit by bit it goes, until naked Nihilism stands unabashed and unblushing in every region of the Protestant world; and if all do not in words agree and fraternize with all openly, a strong and sympathetic chain of tacit respondence and correspondence unites them all. What is Dr. Perry but a Pro- testant warrior with one or two or three or four clasps more or less than his episcopal brother of Natal. And what is the Right Rev. Father in Natal than a Protestant warrior with a clasp or two more or less than the Rev. Mr. Voysey, expelled last year or year before from his living in the Anglican Church to make way for the Rev. Mr. Capes, a double renegade and a more dastardly rationalist. Mr. Voysey was a consistent Protestant, and had no notion of disguising his sentiments. He didn't deny Baptismal regeneration like the "Low Church" clerics, nor the Life Ever- lasting like some "Broad Church" prelates, and stop there. He saw and felt that such a course was all shuffle and shilly-shally. He won his twelve clasps in one grand, decisive battle, and flung the whole of the Apostles and their creed from him in one heroic act of godless Nihilism. You, Mr. Editor, as a military man, are aware of what a "clasp" is, and why it is conferred. The Queen gives a " clasp " to a soldier who has been brave in one battle, and he wears it as a badge of honour on his breast. If he is brave in another battle, he gets a second "clasp," and I have seen soldiers with four or six "clasps." And when I speak of a Nihilist of one clasp, I mean a Protestant who denies one doctrine of the Apostles' Creed ; and a Protestant who denies the whole of the twelve dogmas of the Apostles' Creed, I call him a Nihilist of twelve clasps; nor do I regard the one as anything more of a believer than the other; for the principle of the one is the principle of the other. One Nihilist denies the communion of saints; another denies the life everlasting; another denies the divinity of Christ; another denies the Incarnation; and all precisely on the same ground that Bishop Perry denies the doctrine of transubstantiation. It is contrary to reason; it is against his reason, just as Creation, or the Trinity, or the Incarnation, is against the twelve-clasp Nihilist's reason. And what do they do ? Both of them go and invent and substitute another doctrine instead of the true one, and they believe this substituted doctrine because it is "more reasonable" as they say. The honest Nihilist cannot understand the mystery of the Hypostatic union of the divinity and humanity in the person ef Christ; his reason cannot grasp it; and, therefore, he repudiates it as a natural blasphemy against reason. Bishop Perry, standing on the plane of the same Nihilistic theory, but afraid to travel in company with the Socinian or Unitarian, selects the Christian doctrine of the Lord's Supper as his stum bling block, and repudiates it as a natural blasphemy against his reason ; and bdth of these start from the same point, tread the same path, and argue from the same mise. Permit me to give you specimens of several pupils' progress in the path of negation in their own words. A Calvinistic Universalist published in this city a tract from which I extract these words:—" I reject the unscriptural fiction of eternal death ; that is, of life in endless misery. It is an aggravation of the claims of conscience by means of terror and despair." This writer is a Nihilist of four or five clasps. Now hear a Nihilist with nine or ten clasps, who was a favourite pupil of Arnold of Rugby, a contemporary of Dr. Newman, and once a Fellow of Oriel. He says:—"Whether Christ died for me upon a Cross, I cannot tell." Yet he was a Protestant, and his Bible recorded the event ; but he had adopted the Nihilistic principle; and just listen to him how he applies it:—" I do not see how any intelligent man, or any man of moral honesty, can dare to say the four gospels are a part of the Christian tradition." And this gentleman could read and write Greek as perfectly as English, and from his boyhood had had an open Bible in his hand. I select now from a sermon preached by an eloquent and "fashionable" Protestant preacher, on a very particular occasion: After explaining his other doctrines, he said:—" Of course, I do not believe in a Devil, nor in eternal torments, nor in a particle of evil in God's world. I do not believe there ever was a miracle, nor ever will be. I do not believe in the miraculous inspiration of the Old and New Testaments. the Scriptures are no finality to me. Inspiration is a perpetual fact." [Professor Jowett's definition—"Every man his own Holy Ghost."'] " I do not believe the miraculous origin of the Hebrew or the Christian church, nor in the miraculous character: of Jesus of Nazareth, nor do I take the Bible, nor the Church, nor even Jesus Christ for my master. I do not feel bound to believe what any church, or any writer in the Bible is true, though I believe that Jesus taught eternal torments and the existence of a Devil, and that he should return one one day in the clouds. I do not believe these things on the word of Jesus!!! I TRY EVERYTHING BY THE HUMAN (reasoning) FACULTY !!!" (by his own private judgment.) ! " Yet,"'he says, "Jesus of Nazareth is my best historical ideal of human, greatness; not without his errors; not without the stain of his times; and, I presume, of course, not without his sins!!! for a sinless man exists only in the dreams of girls." This " of course," is a Nihilist of a high degree— say of 11 clasps. He admits God, but savagely rejects all the rest; and because God does not strike such ranting fools and wretches dead on the spot while mouthing out their nefarious Nihilistic blackguardisms, they assume to have the best of the argument, and to have driven God clean away out of his own universe. Yet every one of them began with negation—with the sin of private judgment—with setting up natural reason against supernatural revelation; and the result is Nihilism. Happy indeed will it be for those more consistent Protestants who live and die with their intellects in such diabolical hostility and hatred to the name of God, his Church, Land revelation, if Hell be only what Rev. Dr. Bromby euphuistically, but very pleonastically calls "a painless state of non-existence;" a non-existence which is not " annihilation." What in the name of paradox, is "non-existence" in contradistinction to " annihilation." And what, in the name of roast beef, is a " painless state of non-existence," if it be not a fine fat bull from the banks of the Humber? How can non-existence be anything else than painless. Is it possible that an impenitent Nihilist dying in his impenitent disbelief and high treason against God, can be in a state of pain, after he has been reduced to a state of non-existence ? Dr. Bromby perhaps might merit an additional clasp for his Nihilistic state of painless non-existence, if he had taken it out of his own head. But, like Dr. Colenso learning the law of Christian marriage from Mohammedan Kafirs, Dr. Bromby has been roam- ing up among the pantheistic Hindus, and brought back their Nirvana as a brand-new scriptural discovery, which he commends to the Protestant public of Melbourne. But why did not the Rev. Dr. go fully into the question, and explain all the ins and outs of the Nirvana, and Pari-nirvana, and the Mahapari-nirvana, and their respective stages of beatitude ? Perhaps the Hindus converted Dr. Bromby a little to their other doctrine of Metempsychosis, of which the Nirvana is a theological submultiple, or perhaps a corollary. The Hindu state, however, of painless non-existence, did not arise from the Christian revelation ; and neither Dr. Bromby nor his Bishop will easily find it in the Apostles' Creed, no more than the transmigration of souls. They are complements of the same theory. That souls shall be doomed to pass from one body of sickness, disease, and woe, to another, throughout a painful perpetuity of suffering, would have seemed to force them, on the wish and prayer for "nirvana." But this Nirvana was anything but a punitive annihilation, except to a nihilistic school of atheist pagan Hinduism. Rather was it a absorption into the Pleroma of bliss ; an ecstatic assumption into Deity ; an assimilation amounting to identification with God; an entire losing, of their individual being in the one absolute being, and the all pervading source and ocean of infinite felicity. I suggest to Rev. Dr. Bromby and his Bishop, that when they come out before the world as ecclesiastical acrobats, and take flying trapeze leaps up in the air of Nihilistic speculation on the Life Everlasting, and when they tie Hindu tails to the kite of their eccentric Protestantism, they merely make confusion worse confounded, and establish no anxious soul in the hope of the Gospel. Without raising any question about the eternity of Matter, or whether the Incarnation may not have conferred eternity upon it, I should wish Dr. Bromby to tell me whether God will or can ever put anything on any creature he has made so completely out of his own power as to have no further power over it, as the theory of non-existence implies— non-existence being nothing else than annihilation. Can anything ever pass out of the infinite realm of God's Omnipresence ? And then having a revelation from God of his own nature—of his severity—of his character as a consuming fire—as an exacter of the last farthing—as eternal justice —does not this view of God require some eternal demonstration of the inexorable inflexibility of that eternal justice, especially when we recall the unqualified admonitions of Christ? To my two or three Protestant friends I would say I hope they are no longer in the dark about the meaning of Nihilism, which is neither more nor less than the principle of Negation carried out to its logical conclusion; or, in other words, private judgment plainly stated. The essenced Protestantism is negation. It has nothing positive of its own. Whatever of dogma or substantive truth Protestantism has, it stole from the Catholic Church; and the whole mind and strength of Protestantism appear now to be devoted to the corruption of whatever doctrinal truth she had. Against this Protestant system of negation the Catholic Church ever affirms the virtue of divine faith. In contradistinction to private judgment she affirms her own infallibility, and presents it as the basis of faith, for you cannot ever make an act of faith in the fallible. The Church is infallible because she is the Church of God—His voice—His personal representative—His "body"—the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost. Her faith is, therefore, the true faith. My two or three Protestant friends admit that " without faith it is impossible to please God.*' (Heb. xi. 40.) But I ask them, will a false faith please Him? But I'm afraid we are late for dinner at Mr. Rubric's to-day, and must send an apology.. July 7, 1873. PEUTETRE. 