2nS TEETOTAL TALIS. It is a peculiarity of the Teetotal tale that it must have two heroes. One, , of course, starts wrong even in his infancy for lie takes in a taste of Dublin stout with his mothers milk ; while the other even as a babe shows'an instinctive love for Teetotal principles, and screams so when his apostate nurse, who was hired as a .water drinker, indulges in surreptitious gin, that his Teetotal papa rushes in and dismisses the base woman on the spot. It would be tedious to trace the career of these infants. Teetotal Tom signs the pledge in text hand as soon as he can write, while alcoholic. Harry gets drunlc at the early age of seven at his birthday party j and tlirows a ginger-wine bottle at his doating mamma. We Should have said the. cold-water hero starts at the very bottom of the ladder, while the other commences at the' top, and the former climbs up at .the abnormally quick pace at which the hitter slips down. And as this stereotyped performance is always plainly set out in the very first chapter of the book, we ccass to have that exciting interest as to the dciuniemc t which usually attaches to the con clusion of works of fiction. If the Teetotal tale writer would only now and then give the wine bibber a chance, his fiction would become much more interesting, but lie won't. It is oyer the same. Tom goes up, up, up! Harry down, down, down, with the mechanical monotony of the two weights of a Dntcli clock. Poor Harry! We cannot but pity him, as time after times the priggish Tom gets the better of him. In love, in law, in business, he stands no chance. The darling girl who was to be his, takes offence at a compliment lie pays her, when he comes up to the drawing-room after sitting over liis wine, and flics into the arms of his rival Tom, who lias been drinking lemonade, and who, strange to say, has not been kicked out for mak ing a Teetotal speech at the dinner-table. His family solicitor finding him flushed ono evening with brandy and water, induces liim to sign away all his landed estates to Tom, who, regret ting the somewhat illegal way in which lie lias obtained them, comforts himself by the thought that he will allow no public-houses to remain on the property. Harry goes to law to recover his lands, but is, of course, hopelessly drunk on the morning of the trial, and is at once non suited by the judge, who makes, a Teetotal oration to the court, and is loudly applauded. After this the poor fellow goes rapidly to the dogs. He has delirium tremens, burns down'a house with his aged mother inside; is drummed out of the "ninety-eleventh," in which regi ment he enlisted when in a "sprung" condition, for robbing a drummer-boy of four pence and a quartern of gin ; and is at last ridden over by. Tom as he headhunt and incapable in a country,, near the Teetotal hero's mansion, and has his leg broken. The broken limb is at once cut off by a Teetotal doctor, who seems to take a grim satisfaction in doing it; and in the last chapter we were introduced -to Harry clothed in Tom's cast-off: clothes, stumping abont the back streets of London . on a wooden leg, selling back numbers of the Alliance News, and singing his awful history through his nose. Tom has had ' a life'.of uninterrupted prosperity.-- Ho lias, it -, is to be supposed, carefully filtered his ; water for though he drinks it by the bucketful, "ho does not die of gastric fever at an early age, and he has been known—if the author is correct—to drink several decanters' of lemonade at a public dinner and yet live to ^preside at the Good Templar Lodge the next evening. In the end he rises to high municipal honors, and' is knighted by her Majesty for erecting a" colossal drinking fountain to the memory of " Albert tho Good."— -Morning Advertiser..','j.: W, '■ The strongest land. of": a liint-r-a young My, asking a gentleman to see if one ;,of lier'rings would go on liis little finger. ' _ ' The Patagonlus'S:--•The ;PatagoniansTare: naturally a race of wild hunters. living more on horseback than, onfoot, and are hi sldlfu! in the "pursuit of game as the far-famed Indians of North;America;!Living: on a" Iwiren soil fle3li is tlieir principal food, and the quan tity they eat is said to ho enormous. Polgamy is practised, and thieving held in such cstiination as to form a consideration in the necessary qualifications of "le intended husband, who is looked upon as indiffer ently callable of supporting a wife, unless he is an adept in the art of stealing from a stranger. Their tents are made of poles, ari d the skins of guancoes, and generally carried about with them as they move from place to place. They dress in long mantles made of sl:ln) concealing them from head to foot. . Yankee Enterprise.—Emmons Smith, a boy of 10, is building^ a ship in Boston on a corner lot with the tnoney which he has earned since 1870, when lie began Puanesg with a capital of one barrel of apples. • ViL'-'MA.b»AKijroii8< DaS^e.—During tlio. wara that raged from 1G22, to '1660, -between Frederick. II. of "Denmark and Charles/Gu3tavus of Sweden, after, a' battle,- in ^vhich : the victory Lad remained with" tlio Danes, a stout burgher of Flcnsborgh was.about to refrcslrhimself ere retiring to have his wounds dressed, with a draught of beer from a wooden bottle, when an imploring cry from a wounded Swede, lying on the ■ field,"made lum turn"witK"the >-ery Avordsj>f Sidney— '".Thy ric'cd isi'greater than' mirib"—lieiknelt down by j the fallen enemy, to.pour the liquor in his mouth. His requital atos a pistol-shot in his shoulder from the treacherous Swede. "Rascal!" he cried, "I would have befriended' you, arid you wsould murder me in return. Now11 will punish you. I would have given you the. whole'.-bottle, but 'now.- you shall havq only half." And drinking off half himself,; lie gave the rest to the Swede.'" The'king hearing the story, sent for the burgher, and asked 'him liow he came to spare the life of such" a rascal. - " Sire," said the honest burgher,. "I could never ;kill a. wounded enomy." "Tlioii meritest to' be made a noble," , the Idng -said, and created him one immcdintely, giving him as armorial bearings a wooden bottle pierced; with an arrow. The family only lately became extinct in the jierson of an old maiden lady. ' : ' . , Judges and Crisiinals, in AirF.RiCA.—The thieves, burglars, and rowdies of "New York are excessively annoyed'with Recorder Hackctt, of that " city, ou account of two or three severe sentences lie lias lately passed on some of their friends, and have addressed to..him'.the following kindly remonstrance:—"Mr. Hackctt,—Sir,—,—Tliis is to notify to you that if you give any more.of 'your cruel long sentences to prisoners,, sucli as twenty years or fifteen, years for very trivial .offences,. 01" for ordinary offences ;"of burglary, &c.;, your, career will be out short in a manner you least expect. The slung shot, the knife, or poison, will bo brought into requisition to rid the world of a monster of cruelty like you, who has unjustly: sentenced many, a better man than yourself to gloomy duugeons_ for excessive periods more than their crime deserved, just to satisfy the public and gain a reputation for yourself for fancy sentences. There has been lately a party of us organised who are sworn under solemn oaths to tako your life (or that of some member of your family, if wo cannot get at.you easily), if any more sentences is given by you that we consider unjust or excessive. You live in a fiiic house, you enjoy yourself well, and little dream what torments you condemn your fellow man to, many of them being driven to crime by sheer poverty arid hunger. This will be avenged, so beware if you do not moderate yourself. You have a dam nable name for cruelty; you arc an agent of tyranny, so.beware Sin semper tyrunnui. We have your house watched, and when you least expect the 'avengers,' the3'; will have you where they want you, either you or some member of your family. So help us God. Onacksman;" This pleasant warning was received by the Recorder by post on April 22,' but does not seem to have'disturbed his cquanamity much—although it is stated that it has made his wife rather anxious. " I am," lie observed two days later to a reporter of the New York Herald who interviewed him, " one of the ugliest men you ever met, and I do what I say I will do always." The Recorder then drew from his pocket by an almost imperceptible motion of his arm " a very ornate gold-mounted revolver," which he informed the reporter lie always carried with him, adding that he had handled fire-arms from his boyhood, and he doubted whether any man living could " draw" faster or fire more unerringly than himself. He had frequently, he said, " shot a three cenf piece oft the head of a distinguished journalist" in his (the journal ist's) own parlour, and could shoot a pin from a man's fingers at auy time with a' revolver. Altogether, he seems to be admirably fitted for the position he at present holds as a judge in New York. . • Striking Plants ra«r Lkaves and Buns.—The country is indebted to Thomas Andrew Knight for many valuable modes of treating plants, raising new fruits, hybridising, &c.;, and among the rest propagat ing plants from leaves. Thi3 is detailed in the follow ing mannerIn tfi§*3pring of 1S3S, previously to his leaving- Dowfcon, unfortunately never to return, it occurred to Mr. Knight's inventive mind that plants might be propagated from single buds and leaves only. According he had several pots filled with a fine sandy loam; the pots wore about twelve inches in diameter, to receive the cuttings, which he prepared, himself. The buds and leaves were cut out, as is usually done when intended for insertion in stocks, with but a very small portion of the alburnum to each. The land operated upon wore doule camellias, magnolias, mctro sideros, acacias, neriuins, rhododendrons, - and many others. The soil in the pots having been previously pressed down, and the surface made perfectly smooth, the cuttings were inserted with a dibber, so as just to cover the bud when the soil was pressed firmly against it. The back of the leaf, lying ou the surface of the mould, was fed by absDrbing moisture from it. The surfaces of the pots were finite covered with leaves, but so disposed that they did not overlap each other. They were then gently spriulded with water, covered with bell- glasses, and placed on the flue of a forcing-house. The sprinkling was aftorwards fre quently repeated, and tlio glasses'shadedirom the sun. by hanging paper over them. In a short time the buds werti seen "breaking through the surface of the mould, and by the end of summer some of them had made shoots six and eight inches long, especially the camel lias, which were then potted oil". • The others, that had not made equal progress, remained as they were until the following spring, when they likewise were potted, and found to do firmly rooted. Plants with large leaves, as gloxinias and camellias, are best adapted for this mode of culture. Even a leaf of the gloxiuia, laid on the surface of the soil iri a warm and moist temperature, will push roots from the ribs of the leaf, and numerous plants be thus produced. ~ Obtrusive Ejius.— The emu 13 beginning to assert a" right to his " native heath" with an amount of force that proves how mueli.he<lias been benefitted by civiliz ation. An instance of the energetic resistance .which the. bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on Bul lcnbong Plains. Mr. Bobbins, the local Nimrod, of whose prowess in the field let the spirits of departed ducks and snipe bear witness, was driving across the plain on Friday, when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from'him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, tliey awaited it quietly, and when -within a hundred yards of him a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu—a patriarchal bird, who had long fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save bytho occa sional spear of the blackfellow. Mr.' Robbins, who had never witnessed this indiosjTicrasy upon tho part of the birds before, awaited their approach with be coming fortitude, and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards lie fired, and the leader of the van paid tho penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not' fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Hob bins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by receiving from the bird a well-directed luck in tlio stomach. He collapsed at about five yards' distance,: whither tho force of tho blow sent him. ' He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known. by tho expressive name of "The Tool," from the back of the trap. "The Fool" considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had lie overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance .to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Rob bins at this juncture appeared on the scene, and tlie other emus, . seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native Boil and wounded com panion. The latter yielded up tho ghost decorously, after an appeal to in the shape of a second No. 1 cart ridge, and the fight waxed warm- for same time ; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the remainder of the flock left it to the pos session of the foe.- One-of the: birds Mr. Robbins secured to; the trap, and skinned that night by his camp fire, but the others, owing to their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the encounter.— Warjtja Wagga Express. The Strength or Caste in Ceylon.—Although caste has been rudely shaken, especially in the towns, it is wonderful how strong is ics hold in the country districts,Jeven in Ceylon. ;In-;tlie village' of the Kan dians, some time ago, the daughter of a minor chief having fallen in love with the son of a wealthy trader .of a lower-caste, with whom she had become ac quainted when as 'a boy arid girl they played together, resolved to brave the anger of her parents and other relatives,;and agree to" liis proposal to appear before the iSugfish magistrate to be .registered as a married couple—all the legal-ceremony required here in the ease of : Buddhists. The "girl's younger brother, a lad of about 16,,: discovered-.the elopement, and followed the couple to the Court door, wlicro he found them, waiting"amid tlie usual crowd of prospective litigants for the,.appearance":of ' tho.magistrate. 'Haughtily, .commanding his sister, his elder by a year-or two, to rreturn home,- and receiving a refusal to repeated; per "emptory calls, he atTast suddenly drew a knife: from liis breast, and plunged it into her-heart, as she clung to the side of licr lover. - Then'drawing the knife, lie waved it round his head, saying, "This is how I de fend the honor of; my family.'; Tlio concourse of natives applauded rather'than censured jthe.deed, and the young lad wbriijto the,scaffold, some weeks after in ICandy, glorying in what he had done. _ In respect to marriages, caste; certainly still ixetaiiis its hold. Our • wealthiest Cingalese millionaires, it is averred, could not, for all their money, secure the daughter of a house of higher caste, though possessing neither land nor money, for all the riches which might bo offered. But romantic cases occasionally occur of runaway mar | riages between different raccs and religions. One or , two instances of Mahomedans eloping with Cingalese | girls have occurred, and tho last has attracted notice I because of the sad termination of the marriage. The | husband was so provoked by his wife persistently call : ing for pork, in a fit of temporary insanity, after the j birth of their first child, a3 well as by incompatibility of disposition otherwise, that he, like another Othello, had Ker smothered one niglitwith a pillow. Tried and convicted before tlie Supreme Court, the Mahomcdan or.,.''Moorman" (ns tho class is called in Ceylon) was sentenced to 20 years penal servitude.—Times Corre spondent,. A SwiXDiiE.—rXlie New Mecklenburg correspondent of the Kdpnntla J/cr.aM says :—"A well-known wheat buyer in this neighborhood was about purchasing a load,of wheat on Saturday from a farmer, when the extraordinarily light weight of several bags induced, liish to subject tlxem to a close examination- Notalto ycthcr unexpectedly, liti found tlio lower lialves of. the .bags filled•yrith'drafce arid black oats, whilst the upper hrdves contained good Svheat:" ; •' Cp5fPEN*SATW.x,roH a JSf uiSAXCE.—■She first instance of a municipal corporation taking powers to make'eom pensation for the removal of a nuisance under the pro visions,of sec. - 387-of the Boroiiglis Statute occurred last ;nigh t ini the action of the Hothain Borough Couri-! cil, when a special meeting was held for .the purpose of adopting aii order which set forth: that, whereas the business of a tallow-chandler heretofore established and now carried on by Henry Warne, in premises situate in the Memington-i:oad, has become'and is of so offensi ve a nature as to cause and be a public nuis ance, tho Council will contract and agree with him that ho shall remove liis business out of the borough to [ certain land in the township;of Footacray, or to any other premises not less than two miles outside the boundaries of Hotham ; ana that, tho said Henry Warne will not at any time hereafter, either personally or by'partners, enter into or carry on inthesaidor other premises within the borough the business of a tallow-chandler or any other trade that may create a public nuisance; and , the council pay him £75 out of tho borough fund.by Way of consideration.for such contract." The special order was adopted unanimously, and tho consideration of its confirmation- ordered for the 8th September next, being the first ordinary coun cil meeting after tlio annual elections. • Male Seducers and Chimi Murder.—When the law has done-its all, how much is there not left for the father, the motliei-, and tho preacher? It ia impossible, to bclievo .that parents are half careful enough in watching and training their daughters, and repressing that fliglitiriess which leads to further mischief. If they will not go. to St. Paul they had better study the sage old Polonious in his advice- to .Ophelia a little/ more carefully than has been their wont. And then there is the treatment of tho male seducer. It may be said of him more truly than Blair says of the suicide— " The common damned shun his society, . . And look upon themselves as fiends less foul."' Yet in modem society ho is courted and honored. The marriage market is open to him. A mother who 'would herself shrink from uncliastity welcomes' him' to her house; a daughter whoispuro as a flower accompanies him without reluctance to the altar. While this con dition exists we must expect the consequences. We shall riot utterly extirpate the crime under notice, though we may reduce it within bounds, until virtuous families regard with as much horror a proposal from a notorious profligate as they would a proposal that a son should marry a Bourke-street outcast. This is A i very high idea, but it is one that has to be steadily kept in .view.' -Teleprnph. 