SUPREME COURT. , This Day. (Before his Honor Sir James Cockle, O.J.) In Equity. ' . WALSH. V. STEPHENS AND OTHEltH. This was a cbbo heard before the .Chief Jus tice on the 5th ultimo, the iBsue th.be tried being ? tlie validity of a certain sdle made of oho share in tho Brisbane Newspaper Company (Limited), by a shareholder to the directors of the company for general benefit. There were other isauos also, respecting the legality of the meeting at which tlio purchase was effeoted, &e.;, &o.;, tho particulars of which have already appeared. JtUs Honor then proceeded to deliver the fol lowing judgment: — ? It was conceded during the argument for tlio plaintiff, that ono member of a company (limi ted), consisting'of seven members only, may sell his share to another, aud that the sale would be valid, notwithstanding that thoreby' tho limited liability of tho six remaining mem bers would be determined. The right of the member to make such a sale was indeed treated as too clear to bo for a moment' questioned, although sections 48 and 78 of the Companies Act, 1863, might bo brought '] into play. There are portions of the learned argument for tho plaintiff which I shall test by this concession.' A right so unquestionable, when loft to bo implied by law, or noticed by a 'court, can scarcely bo impaired by its mere expression on tho Articles of Association. Suppose art. 8 to be replaced by an article to the effect that if the.! members should bo reduced to seven any one of such seven may sell to any other. Acoording to the argument this would be an alteration, within see. 11, 'of the condi tions pf the Memorandum, of Association, and tho member would lose his implied right by merely expressing it. This singular result may be avoided by saying that condition 4 and article 8 relate to different matters, and that the condi tion is not sufficiently congruous with: the article to throw any light upon its moaning. Applied to the actual 'article' the argumeut js this :? — If tho meaning of 'art. 8 bo that the directors aro thereby authorised to buy shares, then they may destroy the limited liability — therefore,. art.'8 is au alteration' of condition 4 ; consequently, that cannot be the meaning — or, if it can, then the authority must dense as soon as tlio number of members is roduced to seven. The plaintiff did not abandon tlio former alternative though ho rested principally on the latter. In either view he, in substance, contends that tbo condition 4 of the memorandum is of such paramount importance that it must color the interpretation of every article, and that the limited liability must be preserved, though peradventuro the interests of every member of 'the company might thereby be sacrificed. In the course of the four days occupied in hearing this motion it was urged upon me that the purchase of the share by the directors was necessarily ultra vires, inasmuch as it destroyed the limited liability. . So stre nuously was it urged that perhaps I might have been pardoned for asking what express authority there, was for saying that the law, which looks with indifference on this species of corporate suicide wlieu perpetrated through the in strumentality and for the benefit of two members . out of seven, regards it with repugnance when done through the act and for the benefit of all. The legislature does not seem to have shown an anxiety about the pre servation of tho limited liability, and I am not aware of any ease deciding that, in the inter pretation of. the articles the judge is to lean to mat meaning wliicn will perpetuate it. L liavo indeed -no means of judicially' determining in favor of the pluintiff the general question, whether it is, in the abstract, more desirable that a business 'should be carried on by Beven persons with limited, than by six with unlimited liability, aud possible deprivation by sec. 48-of their ideas in abatement. Nor have I, any means in this proceeding of so determining whether the interests of this' particular company and of its members generally, would bo best served by the former or the latter course. If one half of mankind were creditors, and tho other members of companies' (limited), opinions would perhaps be equally divided on the question -whether limited liability ought to bo l'avored. If thff legislature had desired to perpetuate, as far as possible, a company oileo formed, it might have prohibited a sale by one of seven (only) members to either of the other six. If tho original subscribers to this company bad ileBired tho articles' to boar the fluctuating meaning which tho plaintiff seeks to give thorn, probably tbo articles themselves would show truces of that desire. This article 8 is not taken from table A of tho statute, but is a special article introduced by tho original subscribers, who, had they pleasod, might have also introduced the limitation contended for by the plaintiff. Tlioy did not do so, and I think that, I ought not to -do what they omitted to do, and perhaps did not desiro to do. In tho obligations of individual metnbors thoro ia nothing resembling tlio implied obligation sought to bo imposed on the company or its directors. ' Section 11 of the Act relates to express modifications or alterations mado by a company in tho conditions contained in the Memorandum'of Association.) An assault is not an alteration of I ho law of trespass. An event, by which the number of members is reduced to six, is not nn alteration of condition 4, but ft- ^ change of circumstances which renders it ns a , condition inapplicable, or as a declaration » untrue. I say ' declaration' beoauso that term is applied in see. 7 of tlio Act to this particular # condition 4, which is not classed among tho ' ' objects' of the company. This declaration ia intended for tho outer world as well as for the shareholders. So far as it is a eovonant with tlio world at largo, creditors of companies (limited), ?who aro the only unprofessional persons likely to be interested in it, would possibly bo as well ? pleased with its breach as its observance. So far as it relates to members, I think that tho effect of saying that a company must manago its affairs with a primary view to preserve the limited liability, would be to place the means above tho end, or in some cases to protraot a ' corporate existence wluoh, certain objects carried out, ovory member might be anxious to termi nate. Of course the declaration 4 must be truo or fulfilled at the time of forming the company, . otherwise the articles would be inconsistent with « the memorandum, and tlio whole tiling-would fall through. But how does this support the proposition that powers lawfully given by tho articles must be so exercised that at no future time roust tho declaration 4bo rendered untruo ? . At the time of tbe formation of this company, the memorandum, . the articles, and the .state of things to whioh they refer, did aotually consist with eaoli other and With the statute. It Beems _ to me that it is tho plaintiff, who, by his pro posed rule of interpretation, is seeking to alter the articles. Not-being made aware, then, of any 'rule which prevents me from interpreting art. 8 oh ordinary principles, I held that it is not void, and that it in plain terms authorizes the directors to purchaso of the shareholders. That such authority may he given, seems to be clear. I cannot find, in tho , cases, . ground for even a doubt upon the point. In re Marseilles Extension Railway Company (7.L.R., ch. App. 101), the judgment rested. ? partly on the fact that there was no ' clause in the Articles of Association by which the com pany were allowed to buy up their own shares. ? In fiodgkinson v. the National Livo Stock In surance Company (28 L.J., ch. 676) thero was an apparent want of authority to make such a purchase. In Land Credit Company of Ira land v. Lord Eermoy (8 L.R., Eq.. Ca., 7),. tho transaction was a speculative one, forbidden; by tho articles. In Gray v. Lewis (ib. 526) the articles provided that the company should' in no case purchase any of its own shaves. In the Phosphate of Lime Company (limited) v. Green (7 L.R., Com. PI., 43) the nrtioles provided that the company should not, under any circum stances, purchaso its own1 Bhares. So far wus the notion) that a company could not purchase its oWn shares, from being universally preva lent, that. in tho last two instances we find an express prohibition inserted in the urticles. In the present case tho members of the com pany do not seem to have thought that thero was any prohibition, express or implied; for the defendant, Mr. Miles, is not the only share holder Who has sold to the company. That the prohibition was superfluous is likely enough. One does not seo how authority in the directors . of a company to purchnse shares therein can be , implied. For its exercise might east on a small number of adventurers tho weight of an enter prise^ which was, only undertaken on the sup position that o greater number were to bear tho burden. In .the present case the authority is expressly given. The British Provident Life and Fire Assurance Society affords two enses (32L.J., Ch., 326; 33, ib., 84) which, with Bnrgate v. Shortridgo (in H.L. ; ib. 24 ch., 457) show|that by acquiescence, oven an, act ultra vires may have validity given to it. In the present case, \- however, there does not seem to bo either excess or acquiescence. The reasons which lead me top.hink that artiole 8 is not void, lead , me also to reject the restriction which tho plaintiff seeks to impose oh it, viz., that it only operntes so long as the number of members exceeds seven. It would be inconvenient to make the meaning of the articles fluctunto with the number of shareholders. If it had been in tended so to restrict the article, tho restriction tnight have been expressed on the face of it. The foregoing reasons are sufficient for me, but they are fortified by another considera tion. Tho rule of interpretation contended for seems to me^likely to lead to confusion and litigation. Is the duration' of the whole of article 8 to depend upon the existence of more than seven members, or is' that part of it which 6ayB that 'no transfer or sale Bhall he made without the leave of the directors' to stand ? ' If the whole article perishes, then, as it seems from the evidence, Mr. Miles, if restored to the list, is : likely to find a ready purchaser among the other six shareholders. If the latter part iB to stand, then, the number of members being seven only, the directors, in giving Mr. Miles leave to sell to another member, would authorize an act extinguishing tho limited liability. Assuming the directors to be willing to allow such sale,- which is to prevail,' the right of Mr. Miles to Bell to whom he pleases, subject only to the articles, or tho right of another shareholder to have the limited liability pro served, and so deprivo him, as eustomor3 for his share, of the very persons who, by having already entered. into the busi ness, have evinced their willingness to become the holders of such property. Again, supposing that the original seven subscribers in a company of only seven, with the intention of actually cur tailing their Beveral rights to soli to one another', Bhould insert in the articles a provision making the consent of the directors a condition of such sale. According to tho argument for tho plain tiff this very provision, though tending to per petuate the limited - liability, would be an alteration of declaration 4 and void ; tor. it would authorize the directors to sanction an act destroying the limited liability. These last remnrks are nob essential to my decision, but they seem to me to show what perplexity the proposed rule of interpretation might givo rise to. _ I think that if the sale by Mr. Miles be in other respeots valid, it is not invalidated by the mere fact that its effect was to extinguish the limited liability. To avoid complicating the question of quorum, lot us suppose that tho twelve shares are severally held by twelve mem bers, and that thero are no proxies. This will weaken the defendants' argument, but not that of the plaintiff. Let us also avoid tho unneces sary question whether a vote, taken without j objection, of two against one, viz., of a proposer and seconder against tho chairman, would be sufficient. Now article 28 sajs that no business shall be transacted at any general meeting, except the declaration of a dividend, unless a quorum of members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. This quorum wo may, for our present purpose, tako to be five. Then the article in requiring a quorum of five implies that questions may bo decided by three concordant votes, even though tho other two are hostile. In requiring a quorum of five to be present at the time when the ^ meeting proccods to business, it implies that at least five members must, by their presence at the time when the meeting proceeds to business, recognize the occnsion as one on which three concordnnt votes may properly be allowed to decide. Suppose that one member retires, I do -not seo any reason why .his retiring should dissolve the meeting. If three votes are to bo decisive, even in the face of two opposing ones, why should not a unani mous vote of four bo decisive? Suppose that four who remain are unanimous in the opinion that the meeting should continue, their unan imity is not essential to-, a concordant vqte of threo on somo other point. If one of the four ho dissentient on a particular point, and objects to tlje want of a quorum, his objection ought not I think to affect lqatters already decided. Mr. Palmer says (par. 3) that on the 19th of August he attended at tho oilice, and there remained for a long t.imo,' and (par. 4) that up. to tho timo of his leaving no business had been transacted. Tho question, however, is, not whether business had boon transacted, but whether it had been proceeded to. Mr. Thornton (par. 3) says that ho moved that three directors bo appointed, and that Mr. Palmer nftorwnrds left. Mr. Cowlishaw (pnr. 5) says that beforo the moeting proceeded to busi ness Mr. Palmer loft. Mr. Baynes says (par. 5) . that ofter business was' being discussed there were five present. Mr. IV B. Stephens (par. 8) says the same. Mr. John Stophens says (par. 7) that a discussion was proceeding when Mr. Pal mer was called from the meeting. There' is no imputation on atiy of tlioso gentlemen ; but on this part of the ease tho plaintiff fails. Ho does not establish the. fact I hat thero was nota quorum within the meaning of article 28. Mr. Thornton Bays (par. 2) that -at u meeting oh tho 12th August he bolievos it was agreed that a special meeting should bo .called to consider his pro posal that directors should bo' uppomtcd. Mr. T. B. Stephens says (par. 6) that on 'the 12th of August tho half-yearly meeting was held, thero being presont all the shareholders oxcopt Mr. \- Baynes ; that (par 6) at that meeting Mr. Palmer and the plaintiff said to the effect that tho shareholders had bottor have a speoial meet ing to -consider Mr. Thornton's proposal, end that it was then 'unanimously agreed' that tho : meeting should stand adjourned to the ,-19th of August, for the consideration of tho proposal ; also (pare 7) tlint ho shortly after saw Mr. Baynes, niid informed him of the adjournment, and the'-purposo thoreof. Mr. Baynes states (par. 4) to the Bafhe effect. Hore then is . evidence that six of tho members had seven days notice, and that the seventh mcnibor had some notice ; and it is stated, in the bill (par. 10) that - Mr. Baynes was' present at the ? '.adjourned meeting of tho 19th '.of August. Mr., John Stephens describes himsolf as manager of tho company. But, comparing par. 11 of his affidavit with par. 15.of that of the plaintiff, .and with par. 14 of that of Mr. Cowlishaw, it appears that ho is also regarded as its secretary.- On him then, ipresuino, would devolve the duty of Bsrving tho notices reqilired by articles 86, 87, and 88. Looking at the affidavits of the plaintiff (pnr. iO), of Mr. Palmer (par. 5), and of Mr. Cowlishaw (pur. 6), and the rest of the evidence, I take it that no written notico of special busi ness to be transacted on August. 19 was served. Indeed, unless the Bix membors present on August: 12 had waited to receive the written notico of what they already knew perfecqly well, or unless tho written notices had all been posted promptly, it would linvo been scarcely possible to give ' seven days written notico at tho least.' I ' cannot- think that tho six members who, according to Mr. T. B. Stephens (par. 6), unani- mously assented to an adjournment for tho consideration of special business, in tended that the omission-to post a letter to-one of themselves should bo a bar to the transac tion of any business, as well as a cause of waste of timo to those who should attend tho; illusory meeting. Assuming a written notico to bo in general necessary, the question is whether it was requisite under nil the circumstances of tho present case. I think that, as against tho six members present on August tho 12th, a dispen sation with, or a waiver of such notice ought to ho presumed. Nor can tho plaintiff, on his own bohnlf or on that of any ono elso, set up the want of notice to Mr. Baynes, tho only share holder absent from tho meeting of August the 12th. The part taken by Mr. Baynes on Au gust tho 19th amounted I think to a waivor of the notice so far as ho was concerned. It seems to mo indeed a fair presumption that the notice was dispensed with on tho 12th, and tho want of it waived on the 19th. If any of tho six members present on the 12th hnd desired to contend that the dispensation was rovocablo, he might have so contondpd on tho 19th. I cannot find satisfactory proof that any ono one of them did so. The plaintiff, who knew of tho meeting of the 19th, and of its object, did not attend. In par. 11 of his affi davit, Mr. Cowlishaw. says that he protested upon 'tho same ground,' viz., the wnnt of a quorum, but ho docs not say that lie objected to the notice. In par. 16, ho mentions ' rea sons,' nnd from the minutes of the meeting of August the 21st, sot out in par. 17, 1 infer that, on the 21st, ho protested against what hud been dono on tho 19th on two grounds, viz. (1), wnnt of' quorum, and (2) want of notice. But I cannot see in his affidavit any assertion that ho took tho latter ground on tho 19th of August. Paragraph 13 of the bill; so fur as it rolntes to this point, is nob supported by the affidavit of Mr.. Cowlishaw, aud is contradicted, t hough not very directly, by par. 17 of that of Mr. T. B. Stophens, and even pars. 8 and 9 of that of Mr. John Stephens. A protest mado after resolu tion put and carried would be too lute, as would, of course, a protest on the 21st against something done on the 19th. In tho Swansea Dock Co. v. Levien (20 L. J., Ex. 417), there was neilher notico, dispensation, nor waivor. Thore are phrases in the judgment in re the British Sugar Refining Company (26 ib., ch. 369) which I should bo disposed to apply in this caso. The meeting of the 19th was not casual n3 that in Mooro v. Ham mond (6 B and C. 456) may have been. In Spuckmnn v. Evans (L. R., E. & J. App. 171.) the directors acted ultra vires (ib. pp. 190, 232, and see Evans v. Smallcomb, ib. pp. 249, 253), as they did in Balfour v. Ernest (5 C. B., N. S., 601). In Hutton o.SBerry (6 Scott N..R. 476) there was an express alteration. The Thames Haven Dock and Railway Company it. Rose (12 L. J., C. P. 90) is 'somewhat -to tho effect of Lystor's case (cited post). On one point seo. 15 of tho. Act seems to dispense with a recur rence to Balfour v. Ernest. Tho bill alleges (par. 11) that Mr. Cowlishaw protested against business being dono on the 19th, on the ground of uo quorum ; and that, despite such protest, the directors were by resolution, limited to three. 'Mr. Cowlishaw (par. 8) says that, after the lapse of an hour from- Mr. Palmer's going, ho protested' on tho ground of no quorum ; nnd that it was, notwithstanding, resolved that the directors should be ' limited. This state ment is contradicted by Mr. Baynes (par. 11) by Mr. T. B. Slephons (par. 13), and by Mr. John Stophon, (par. 8). There is a conflict of ovidenco here, but, as I havo already observed, no imputation upon any of theso gentlemen. I know that it is my duty to weigh testimony aud not merely to count witnesses, but I can see no probabilities to turn the scale decisively in fuvor of the pluintiff. Tho variations as to the 'chance it,' nnd as to tho time of tho production of Mr. Miles' letter are not on points very important. Again, oven if Mr. T. B. Stephens was under an impression that it was necessary for Mr. Palmor to be presont in ordor to form a quorum, or thought that it was, at all events, desirablo that fiyo sliohld bo present,- why should Mr. Miles suffer for such impression or misconception? Tho proof, of protest for want of quorum or of notico . failing, it is needless to enquire what would havo been the effect of such protest. But, so far as ostoppel is concerned, tho plaintiff's position is very different from that of tho defendant in Howbeneh Coul Company v. Teaguo (29, L.J., ex 137). In that caso thero were other shareholders to whom the estoppel could not apply. In this every shareholder, excepting the plaintiff, yvas present', or repre sented, at the meeting of the 19th, or had an opportunity of being present or represented. If the plaintiff had attended tho mooting, or appointed a proxy, it is fur from clear that, oven though Mr. Palmer hud remained, tho result would liavo been affected. For tho rest, that caso only decided that, under tho circum stances, a call mado at a mooting of three directors out of seven was not valid. The meeting was hold on February 8th, the certificate of incbrporation having been obtained pnly on January 15th, so that there w(n3 uo time for any user as to quorum of directors to spring 'up. Tho case last cited , does . not conflict with Lystor's caso (4, L.R., Eq., 233) which proceeded on the ground t lint two was tho usual number of directors who noted.' It is possible that the defendants might liavo rested their caso on Hits point of user aud oti' portions, of tho evidence of Mr. John Stophens'. It nppears that out of sixteen meotings held between No vember 16, 1868, and Juno 10, 1872, inclusive/ two were attended by seven members, two'by six, and one by five, while tho remaining cleVen meetings wore constituted by four members only. It also appears that the only meeting at tended by Mr. Miles was a meeting of four, on Mny 13, 1872, at which it was resolved to pur chaso a share for. the company ; nnd that the minutes of that' mooting wore confirmed at a meeting of four, on Juno 10, 1872, whereat tho plaintiff was presont. It may, inoroovor, bo that, in fuvor of a shareholder dosirous to sell under article 8, article 0*3, oporates. Tho fact that there were no funds in. the' bank at the time when the oliequo was given is not sufficient to enable tho plaintiff to succeed on the whole bill. Tho bill is not based upou uny supposod miscou duct of tho directors in respect of the pecuniary details of tho purchase, and the matter seems to bo one sfrictly relnling to the internal management of tho company, with whioh this court ought not to interfere (Gregory -v. Fatchett 33 Boav. 695 ; White v. tho Carmnr then and Cardigan Railway Company 33 L.J., ch. 93 ; Dvorend v, Gibbs, L.R., -E, and J. Ap peals, vol. v., 481). That thore was poufer to borrow appears from the form of balance shoot apponded to tho articles. - And I ought to be slow to question tho disorotion, of those*who must have bettor menus than I at present have of knowing, whether the procuring of an advance was likely or*not to bo beneficial to tho members of tho company. I would add that if thoso shareholders who now regard tho purchase as injudicious had attended tho mooting, and there urged their reasons against it, they might possibly havo prevailed. But of tho three members who, it is suggested, are most aggrieved —ono loft the meeting of the 19l.h early, and another did not attond it at nil. Had all three been present, or represented, their success would havo depended on the cogency of thoir arguments ; for thoir conoordnnt votes would not necossarily havo determined the question in their favor. I have now virtually disposed of ^ that part of tho relief sought which has- reference to tho .purchase. The plaintiff will succeed on tho rest of the bill. I think that, on tho retirement of Mr. Miles tinder tho circumstauces stated , ? the number of tho membors of tho company became less than seven ; and that, with the liability of the plain tiff under section 48 of the act, there accrued n corresponding right. In the exercise of this right the plaintiff, according to par. 23 of his bill, and par. 13 of his affidavit, and par. 23 of that of Mr. Cowlishaw, is obstructed. Consequently Hallv.Hall (12 Beav. 414) applies. So much of this bill as relates to tho ' subject matter of paragraphs 1 and 2 of the ; prayer must be dismissed, and tho plaintiff; must pay \- the defendants, Mr. Miles, Mr. T. B. Stephens, and Mr. Baynes, their costs in, respect thereof. ; As to the residue of the bill, the relief prnyod in paragraph 3 must he granted, and tho defen dants, Mr. Stephens and Mr. Miles, must pay tho plaintiff his costs in respoot thereof. De cree accordingly ;' Mr. Miles not, however, to ? bo entitled to receive his costs until the addi tional affidavit, whoreof a draft was produced at tho hearing, bo filed, and not to be entitled to any costs in respoot of such affidavit. ' SIR 0. G. DUFFY AND HIS KNIGHT HOOD. In the course of the annual Bupper of St. Patrick's Society, held on Monday, Sir Chas Gayan Duffy mado the ' following spoooh ex. planatory of' the reasons which had induced him to accept the honour of knighthood. He said : — Ladies and Gentlemen, I havo travelled a longjournoy to-day under a very ungenial sky, and l nskod to be excused from speaking, but I confess when I hoard the pleasant Irish voices I could not resist. It is forbidden to talk hero on politics, hut I venture to say that. is is a pleasant memory to mo that once a year, ot this end of Bourke-streot, whatever mistakes they make at the great House nt tho othor end — (npplauso), — here I am certain of meetingfriencls who are not changed by uny political circum stances, whoso kindness 'is still the same,, whether wo win or loso tho gam'e.' '-(Tlenr, hear.) When I last met you hore 12 months ago, I was returning from a tour in which tho chief districts in this country liadj given such enthusiastic support to the Adminis tration witli which I was ' connected as seemed to promise it a long lifo. I mtcb you now, Indies nnd gentlemen, not merely fallen from power, but I am assured by certain well informed journals' that I am actually! politi cally dead nnd buried. (Laughter and cheers:) I can only say that if I be 60, you have given my ghost such a very pleasant reception — (laughter) — that I havo determined once a year, on tho 17th March, nenr the dead hour of mid night, to ' appear' in St. Patrick's Hall like Banquo in tho middlo of tho festival. I recently read a very strange story in one of the same well-informed journals — information that, in point of fact, I was shortly going home to bo Minister for Ireland. (Laughter.) I may say, by tho way, that that is a strange mission to give a dead mun. I am very sorry to inform you that I have not at present received any official intimation of tho fact. (Renewed laughter.) But I may say this, that if it bo intended that- the Irish Minister shall. -be responsible to nil Irish Parliament I will under take tho duty with great satisfaction. (Ap plause.) Tho latest news is that, like a /ruling lady who has become a brido, I have been changing my name; and ns this news, uiiliko tho roBt, is not a Action, I owe it to friends whom I see here to tell them something of hat ^metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief Secretary in June hist, and in October I received a letter/ from Lord Canterbury, informing mo that' tho Secretary of Stuto -for tho ( Colonies had! in structed him to ascertain whether a companion ship of the Order of St. Michael and Georgo would be acceptable to me? Let me Bay vith respect to Lord Canterbury, that -'in all Jour political or social int ercourse ho treated mo with a const ant courtesy, frankness, and consideration, lor which I must always remain his debtor. But ho had - refused to dissolvo Parliament when I considered I had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as thjs distinction wns offered mo as soon ns the papers connected with that transaction could liavo been laid boforc the Secretary of Stuto, I concluded that it was possible, and evon probable, that Lord lumber ley meant to intimato that he did not think that I received the support that I wns ontitled to from the representative of the Crown on that occnsion. (Hoar, hear.) -Nevertheless, though .that conviction' was very gratifying to me, I re spectfully declined the proffered honor. (Avoico: 'Quito right.') Shortly afterwards Lord Canter bury did ine the favor to address another lcttor to mo, nsking nio whothorl would accept a knight hood ? Upon that question there was tho very strongest feeling among two sections of my friends. My own countrymen jTpre of opinion that, having been four times a C voinet Minister, and liaviug been among the first men of my race and creed who had won tluft distinction in any British community since the Revolution. I wiib bound to accept this permanent testimony that I had performed 'the duties I undertook with integrity nnd disoretion. And some Eng lish and Scotch friends to whom I owed constant nnd steadfast support in public lifo urged that if I declined it tho very persons who woro bursting ?with Bpite and disappointment that the honour had been preferred to mo would mis represent my refusal, and use it to provoke, and if possibio to nliehnlo, my English and Scottish friends. I accepted, and I havo sinco received lettors of congratulation from every- section of this community ; and I am not sura whothor I felt more sntisfnetion at the congratulations of representative nion'among tho Protostaut demo oraoy, who gave mo such generous support when I was last in office, ortho- congratulations of Irishmen who would hnvo renounced and repu diated me if- 1 had accepted any distinction on 1 tho terms of forgotting my allogianco to my nalivo country. '(Hear, hear.) I may remind you that'when tho present Mr. Justice Fellowcs . levellod a voto of want of confidence against the Government, I told Imp that! would not desert the fortunes of my native country for anything that Parliament or the sovereign could bestow. (Applause.) And now there has boon enough of personul themes. I will only add that though I was rooruiting my health far away from tho capital, and little disposed to quit tho seaside till I left it in restored vigor, I could not resist the wishes of tho committee of the St. Patrick's Society that I should cotno here to night: They insisted that the exertion would do'ino no- injury ; and thoy were right for the breath of tho ocean itself is not so refreshing to me as tho dear familiar musio of an Irish wolcoioo, (Loud applause.) 