MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR IN BRISBANE. The police of Brisbane have for some days past been investigating a case, which at present, to say the least bears a very suspicious aspect. The facts brought to light so far are (suppressing names) as follows:-Some two months ago a woman keeping a tobacconist's shop in one of the principal streets of the city died very suddenly, she having been seen two days before her death behind the counter in apparently perfect health. Her husband had been away in Sydney some considerable time, and on his return to Brisbane after his wife's death, attempted to gain some particulars of the disease which proved fatal ; but, no magisterial inquiry having been held, he had to be content with the certificate given by the man who attended her, which assigned the disease to a natural cause. The husband then returned to Sydney. So the matter remained till about ten days ago when owing to some information, the suspicions of the Brisbane Health officer were aroused, and he communicated with the police. After careful investigation, it was discovered that the deceased had, a few days before her death, visited a duly qualified medical man, told him she was pregnant, and requested his assistance to enable her to commit an indictable offence. He at once refused, when she said she knew who would do as she wished mentioning the name of a pseudo medical practitioner. From information since collected, it appears that she went to this " doctor," who (according to a statement made by the confidante, to whom she related the tory and showed the money) agreed to perform the required operation for £25. She paid the money (ac- cording to the same witness) and visited the gentleman two or three times. After her last visit she was so weak that she had to be taken part of the journey by cab, to a house in Margaret street, where she gave birth to a still-born child and died within twenty four hours afterwards. A nurse attended her, and this woman has confessed to having taken the infant to South Brisbane and buried it in her garden. Afterwards, however, she denied the statement, and refused to give any information as to the locality of the garden, the consequence being that a posse of constables went over the river on Monday and dug all about her place- with what result we are not informed. On Saturday last the body of the woman was exhumed and a post mortem examination held on it by Dr. O'Doherty. The only result which could be obtained, owing to the decomposition, was suffi- cient proof that the woman had not died of the disease to which her death had been attributed by her modical attendant-the man who is stated to have assisted her in her unfortunate design. It is probable the whole case will be brought before the Polioe Court in the course of a few days.-Courier [The case has since been investigated, in the Police Court, Brisbane ; and the evidence tends strongly to the conviction of the prisoner, Dr. Enmelheinz. The Police Magistrate found that deceasod had died from inflammation of the womb, and stated that the depositions taken would be forwarded to the Attorney General in the usual manner.-ED.T.S.] ; A. DouitLY DAXOBUOUS FUBAK.-Som« yoong, acoundrol, on Thursday night Inst, about 0 o'clock (reports tho Wagga Wagga Expresa) attempted a shameful trick with tho via tv of frightening timorous , pnsscrs by. He possessed himscf of a sheet and a pair , of stilts, and, arrayed in former, ho waited behind ono of tho true enclosures between Dr. "Robinson's rcsideiica nod tho Public school tho approach of some ono upon whom to practise tho effects of his ghostly raiment fortunately for him these shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance J ono screamed, but was sufllelcntly selfpossossed to run. ' Tho other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with BO weighty a stone in hoi hand that he clearly proved his fleshly origin by dcolinlng to como too near, as tho damsels system of " laying" spirits was not to his taste. A station of Mr. Wolnbolt, on tho Barcoo, (was says ? tho Baity Herald) lately stuck-up by two armed bushrangers, who helped themselves ' liberally to what they required, and nftetwnrds went to another station on Stockwell DownB. Hero they encountered .tho police, between whom and tho robbers shots were exchanged, and one of tho polica was wounded. Tho bushrangers then escaped across tho Border. Three hundred navies aro on strike on tho third section of tho North-Eastern Hallway, Tho mon aro very orderly, Tho Intercolonial Ploughing Match at Goolong was a groat success* Títere wero upwards nf 'four thousand spectators. Tho piir.o ploughing, for which thore were fortv-ono compcttars, was very good Singlo Plough, Class W ; W; Hoes, of Minor's Host, ' I, Drnflln 2, Harris 3-all Victorians. Tho work of ? Itoblnson, of Launceston, was highly commanded. Garde, of Melbourne, was ilrst in thu double-furrow class. The trial of ploughs takes placo to-morrow The Melbourne correspondent of a country paper, in a recent letter, gives the following particulars about some persons very well known in New Zealand. Be lieving that many will read it with interest I extract it and include it in my letter. "A friend in London, to whom I am occasionally indebted for some pleasant gossip about men and things, has made me acquainted with the authorship of certain articles which have ap peared in the TIMES newspaper with respect to that strange mixture of DIABLERIE and imposture known as Spiritualism! He says the writer of them is a compara- tively young man, named Broom, whe emigrated to New Zealand when he was only eighteen, and spent some years there in sheep farming. I have a shrewd suspicion that he is the author of that clever satire published under the title of " Erewhon." Be this as it may, after five years of bush life, he returned to England, where he met and fell in love with Lady Barker, the youthful widow of a general officer. They married, and she accompanied him to the 'Great Britain of the South,' where she gathered the materials for a chatty little volume called " Station Life in New Zealand,' in which, by the way she says that, although she has travelled a good deal in various parts of the world, she has never seen anything at all like Melbourne. At the latter end of 1868, Mr. Broom and his wife returned to the mother country, having suffered considerable losses by flood and storm in the Canterbury Settlement. Lady Barker, had been intimate, before her second marriage, with the Duchess of Sutherland, and that popular lady and queen of society took her up again. Lady Barker, moreover, is said to be a ' medium,' and the Duchess is slightly touched on the subject of Spiritualism. Mr Delano, of TIMES, is one of her tame lions, and to him she intro- duced Mr Broom, who was encouraged to try his hand at the manufacture of thunder for Printing House Square. He succeeded so well in an article on the Stowe CUM Byron controversy that he is now, I believe, a regular contributor. Moreover, by Mr Delano's potent influence the ex-sheep farmer from Canterbury, N.Z., obtained the lucrative appointment of secretary to the St. Paul's Cathedral Decoration Fund. Since her book on New Zealand Lady Barker has written ''Spring Comedies,' ' Stories About,' and another of which I have forgotten the title. I need not add that they are not tomahawked in the TIMES." -OTAGO DAILY TIMES. A lunar rainbow was observed on saturday evening at Melbourne. 