MISS JEMIMA NOCOLOR'S MATRI MONIAL ENDEAVOR, AND HOW IT FAILED. Bv Talko. chapter i. Miss Jemima Nocolor was a spinster of a cer. bain ago, angular, with considerable altitude as to figure, her head being adorned with a flowing mass of tow colored ringlets, which, by the same token, she had paid a good long price for, prior to her leaving bonny Scotland, of which country she felt proud of being a native. She was as rich as a small Rothschild, but perfectly Elwcsinn in her parsimony, displaying, perhaps, a few more qualms than did that historical miser when tho disbursement of a sixponco became unavoidable. Her brother, Mr. Alister Nocolor, was a pastoral tenant of the Crown, and his station was on the seaboard, where for years Miss Jemima lived and ruled as 'ti3 only given to a woman to rule ; the servants were kept in the best of order, and her brother — well, was as docile under her dicta torship as a middle-aged bachelor well could bo. Her large patrimony was well invested in good interest-paying securities, and as living with her brother cost her nothing, she was as contented with her lot as her acidulated temper would allow her to be. This happy state of things had continued for several years, so that Miss Jemima began to think it would have no end, at least not until intliecommoncourseof nature grim death should step in and create such an interruption as sooner or lator comes upon all households. In these speculations or hers, however, she was sud denly and sadly disabused, for one morning at breakfast, her brother, without any preface, told her to make a room ready for a lady, who pur- posed visiting them in a few days, for a change of air, the bad drainage of Molbourno having nearly prostrated hor. "Ail' wlia may tho leddio bo for whom I am tao prepare?" quoth Miss Jemima. " Ye kon, Nocolor, in ordinair, I dinna like leddie friends, mair bo token, whan they tak' it intil their heads tae come doon on a decent bachelor hoose, liko this, turnin' everything topsyturvy till a body is actually dazed wi' thoir vagaries." "Well, Jim," (Miss Jemima was always Jim to her brother, tho' she did not lil this familiar and vulgar shortening of tbe namo given to her when sho was baptised ; she had no godmothers or godfathers either, not she, for when she was received into tho pale of the kirk, her father, honest man, just hold her up in a wise-like fashion, below tho minister's pulpit, and under tho eyes of tho wholo congre gation, and so received her name, as all her for bears for long bygono generations had done bo- foro her) " for the life of me I can't sco why you should have such a dislike to receivo lady' visitors; you don't usually object to gentlemen, but then I suppose you think that perhaps sorao ono of those might perclmnco take a fancy to you, or your tocher, rather, for you have too many wrinkles in your horn to bo tempting in your self." " Yo'ro a cruel brother, Nccolor,to fling ycr ill- natured remarks in my face in that way ; but it's just like ye, for ye never loss an opportunity o> hurten my feelings. Oh ! yo neod'na fidge en yer chair as thao were proens in't, 'am no gaun tae greet, 'am passed the greeten age at ony rate, tho' 'am mabe no muckle aulder than yersei'. But wba's the leddie yer expecten? dae I ken her? is sho young or auld, married or no ?" " You might content yourself, Jim, by asking ono question at a time: however, I suppose that would' be rather a difficult matter for you, so I'll co'n mako the best of i. Tho lady is a friend of mine ; you nover saw her. She is yonng and un married." " It's likely she'll be bonny, forby boin' young and no married ?" "She is all that, lean tell you, Jim, andagood deal more, which you will admit when you see hor. When she comes tho', and during her stay, I hope you will endeavor to forget that old- fashioned (loric and Glasgow twang, of which you seem so fond, and speak more like a Christian woman." "Forget ma mither's tongue, yo gommrel? 'Am thiukin' yer daft tae mention siccan a thing tao mo ; I wadna did, look see, for a' the pert hizzies in Melbourne, an' muckle less wull I try tae did for the one that 'b comin' doou hero tae coort ye, for that's what she's comin' for, an she'll catch ye, tae, for ye were aye a bom idiot a' yer days ; but if I dinna mislippen, ye's no hae my coontin&nce;, Nocolor; na, na; for I'll be off tae Melbourne the morn, sae that ye an' yer lauppie'Il hae thehail hoose tae yersei s' an' that'll mabe please ye." With this peroration, Miss Jemima jumped up and left the breakfast- room, although sho had not by any means made the break fast, which was her usual custom, thereby showing that her brother's intimation had sadly upset her equanimity. At this violent display of his sister's, Nocolor merely grinned a quiet grin, thinking; that by luncheon time she would have returnea to her normal temper, and that the ro- quircd room, as a matter of courso, would be got ready in duo season. On this occasion, however, lie reckoned without his host, as he found out when luncheon time came round, for then sho merely sent him a message to say that as sho was bully packing her clothes, she had not time to spare tor luncheon, therefore he had better take that meal withont waiting for her. Soliloquising that women were kittto cattle to deal with, No:olor e'en followed her advice ; still, he thought when it came to the starting point that Jim would certainly jib. Here, alas ! for tho second time he was luis taken, for when he turned out next morning early, because of an unusual bustle which he heard going on in tho yard, ho found his Bister with all her traps packed, and just on the point of stepping into tho waggonette, to bo driven to the coach oilice, some miles dis tant. lie thus fou ml that wouicu do sometimes carrv out an expressed purpose, even although en gendered in anger, and used as a threat. "You're on the move early this morning, Jim," said Nocolor, as he walked into tho yard. " 1 hae muckle need, nin thinking," replied Jemima, "if 'am tae catch the coach o're at tho Apex, an' that's what 'am bent on dain', if tho horse has 't in him, an' lie should, for he's fat enough an' hasna wrought muckle this while back." " I think, Jim (to use your own phrase), you're getting a wee thing doited. Why, you'll be at the Apex two hours before coach trine, even if you only drive at a foot's pace all the way ; but it's cither ono extreme or another with you women folks; you cau never by any chanco choose a middle courso for yourselves. However, as you seem quite determined on this jaunt to Mel bourne, if you will only have patience until I fill my pipe, I'll drive you and your traps over to tho coacn myself." Miss Jomima could scarcely object to this ar rangement, although sho dill not consent with any very good grace, for to use her own perti nent simile, she seemed to be sittin' on preens " all tho time tho pipe wntt being filled ahd lighted. If Mr. Nocolor imagined that his Bister would change her mind, nud so turn back before reach ing the coach office, ho was disappointed, for as the result showed nothing was farther from the good lady's thoughts, its alio eat iiy Ills Bids all tho way to the Apex, prim, stolid, and uncom municative. The subject of the lady visitor was not even mooted, until after being well wrapped up, and the coach on the point of starting, sho said : " Yo'Il lino fiho times wi' j-er braw visitor, noo that 'am oot o' tbe way; but just tak1 yo tent Nocolor, or yo may rue tho day ye were coof enough tac gio hor the invitation, that's my advice tao ye. ' Just then tho coachman gave a chirrup, and tho horses threw themselves into the collars with a simultaneous plunge, and so with a bawled good bye, tho brother and sister parted, she with all her mean ways, her patches and her pads, intent on throwing herself into tho vortex of fashionable life, he with the disgust en gendered by the. failure of his little plan anent tho young lady visitor, for of course she would not come in Jemima's absence. Thinking of this as ho jogged homoward in no very amiable mood, a bright thought gleamed through his brain liko a lightning, flash, which immediately changed his sadness to joy unbounded, tho lattor emotion being patent by the jubilant manner in which he exclaimed, " Why, I'm a bom idiot, as Jim ns impres sed upon ino numberless times, anil no mistake. As tho ladycan't visit mo, why I must visit tho lady. _ I shall too, and that to-morrow. My appearance in town will rather astonish Jim. It is j list possible she'll wish she had remained at home when sho finds that I can also visit tho city upon occasion as well as she." When Mis Jemima reached Melbourne Bho took rooms belonging to a widow lady out ICcw way. Tho rooms were largo and commodious enough m all conscience, so much so indeed tho owner thought that Miss Noeolor must bo more than a trifle crazed to tako them ; but as she paid a mouth's rent in advance/ she put the monoy into her pocket, and made no roniark. Miss Jemima being established ontirely to hor satisfaction, set about considering what her next move should bo. Being on terms of intimacy with a young lady namou Justice, whoso brother was a big burly handsome fellow iu the very zenith of his manhood, by profession a barrister, in good practice, and by whom (I may here add) she bad been slightly smitten about a year before, on tho occasion of a picnic, at which they chanced to be thrown together, sho decided, therefore, to call on Miss J ustice as a preliminary step, feeling that that' lady's acquaintance would be tho means of gaining her the entree into good, and at the same timo, tho most fashionablo society, where, sho thought, it was quite possible sho might capture Mr. Justice, or failing him, some other equally cligiblo bachelor. Miss Jemima, you must know, had made up hor mind to be wed as soon as possiblo, tho proposed visitor to her brother having put amatory notions into her head, and thoy, more than tlio fact of the coming young lady, had induced her sudden visit to Melbourne, .although her ostcntible reason was tho proposed advent of an unmarried lady visitor. Miss Jemima called on Miss Jus tice at a most favorablo moment for the further ance of her amatory schemes, ns sho found hor friend closeted with a Collius-strcet doctor's wife, who had called concerning a supper sho was about to give, and sho wished the assistance of Miss Justice in tho matter of tlio invitations. As a matter of courso, and much to hor satis faction, Miss Jemima received an invitation, and ere the door had well closed on the doctor's lady, as sho took her departure, the Cupid-smitten spinster was deep in tho mysteries ot what her toilette should ho on the auspicious occasion. Naturally, Miss Justice's opinion thereon was re quested. That young ladv. however, not caring to be bothered with tlio old Foost, told her that she had hotter place herself iu Mrs. Wak ley's Iiands, giving that modiste a carle blanche, where her toilette would be everytliing that she could desire. Apparently contented with this advice, Miss Jemima wished her young hostess adieu, and betook herself to her apartments at Kew, where sho endeavored to enlist hor landlady's sympathies on the momentous question of tho toilette ; but that poor old soul had given up al| such vanities year's before, consequently Knew actuully nothing of the prevailing modes. Thus, therefore, Miss Jemima was obliged to fall back upon her own inventive genius for her personal adornment. Sho had predetermined not to call in the aid of Mm. Wakley, or that of any other professional modiste, as sach procedure would entail no end of oxpense, and (to ueo her own graphic phraseology), the siller was better in her aiu pouch than in that o' ony manti-mukin quean in Molbourno. The . evening of the supper so im patiently longed fo i- by Miss Jemima came round at last, and found that lady at her friend Miss Justice's, with whom Bhe hid previously arranged for a seat in the carriage to tin scene of the (to her) momentous supper. She was in grand toilette. Full dress would by no means convey ai adequate idea of the manner in which sho bad rigged herself out. From hor waist, which sho had contrived to place many inches higher than dame nature intended should be the position of that portion of the human frame, to her feet sho was as straight as a letter pillar, with about tho circumference of the same ; no medium crinoline or graceful pannier were there to supply the lack of flowing lino and swelling curve ; but from her waist upwards, ah ! there indeed she had given her architectural fancy full fling. No spreading field of powdered flesh, no. nor bare arms either, as are nightly seen at all public amusements, were exhibited in her person ; no, indeed, for she wore a tippet round her shoulders, over whijh meandered in eccentric lines endless yards of crimson ruching, making tho garment a puzzlo to bcholdcre. On Tier arms wero long cream-colored net mittens, reach ing to her elbows, where they wore met by sleeves, which bulged out on ouch side of tho tippet liko two balloons in miniature. And then her head-dress was such as living mortal never saw before, so to attempt its description would bo a futile task, though wo will content ourselves by saying thai ft was a wondrous feat piled tier upon tier, the whoio surmounted by a nodding plume hucd liko thd .rainbow. The tout en semble was a marvellous siguN valued, however, by the gushing 6pinstcr as an adornment to be proud of. Miss Justice was astounded as she witnessed tho progress of this wonder."' structure (the scene of the operation was that yoLrag lady b dressing-room, picco aftor pieco, unJ" ri' whole was perfected. As Miss Jemima ga\". ho final touch to the set of the gaudy plume, b. 0 said to Miss Justice, " What dae yo think o' mo noo am dressed ? Am a no braw ? It's a' ma aiu taste tae. Ye see this tippet ? Wool it be longed tac ma puir aulil mithcr, an' n jist took it doon tao Mistliress Wakloyan' got her tao mak' tlio alterations a' tliocht it needed. A' this ruching ye maun ken I had by mc, sao I took it wi' tho tippet, an' Mistiness Wakley put it on, an' a' sho charged mo wan saven and saxpcnco ; wasn't it cheap '! And did over yo sco ony thing sao goutccl an bccomiu' ? Am thiukin there'll no bo mony better dressed, or brawcr leddies at tho supper tho nicht. than mc. What dao yo think, Miss Justice ? ' As a matter of courso Miss J ustice coincided with Miss Jemima, and with the greatest gravity too, although (as sho afterwards remarked to her brother) 'twas as much as she could do to keep from laughing in tho old Foosl's face. Had not long practico in tho courts of tho colony given tho stately barrister that perfcet command of feeling and feature so nocossary to lawyers, thcro would certainly havo been a scene when tho simpcriug Jemima stopped into that gentleman's drawing- room. As it was ho well nigh felt confounded, andfora moment, a moment only though, ho had nearly forgotten tho pro prieties aud given expression to some outre ex- Clntnttlion upon tho advent of this absurdly ghost-like ilgtifC of two centuries ago. Fortu nately, Miss Jemima did hot nee the effect sho hail produced, upon tho barrister ; she was too mucb occupied with her airs ami graces as sho sailed into the room to notice anything olso for a minute or two, and by that time the barrister bad recovered from his first astonishment, and was quite ready to compliment his guest on hor unique . toilet, which he did not fail to do ; his praiso, ill fact, was carried as nearly as possible to tho vergo of ridicule. The gorgeously apparelled Bpinstcr, how ever, failed to observe this, as was patiently in dicated by the well pleased simpers which rippled all over her witch-like feat ures. (To be continued.) 