A DROLLERY IN MEDICAL PRACTICE. Ever since the detection of "Sratelling Fanny," who ingeniously imposed upon all and sundry as the " Cock- Lane Ghost," the skill of young lemales in playing off tricks, and simulating maladies, out of a spirit of mere mischief, olten to their own detriment, has been a well-recognised lact in the medical profession. In such performances, boys fall far behind. Miraculous wounds, or miraculous cures, do not suit tbe boyish nature. Girls possess tbe true inventive faculty and power of endurance for some secret purpose. Yet, .with a full kuowledgeof these qualities in the young female patient, physicians are constantly imposed on ; and for that matter, magistrates too, as, for example, when, as has occurred, some young lady sustains a fanciful complaint of being improperly treated in a railway carriage. Long ago, when almost everything unusual was ascribed to supernatural interference, clever young females, with a relish for deception, resorted to a very prcUy knack of astonishing simple- minded people, by making mysterious noises, scratchinga, tumbling about articles of household furniture, throwing stones at windows, deranging flowerpots, and performing other outrageous antics. Io that delightfully amusing old book, Satan's Invisible World Discovered, we have a variety of incidents, all assumedly supernatural, and very perplexing to to the ecclesiastical authorities of the period, but which a Loudon detective would now have at once traced to some clever but very innocent-looking girl, who enjoyed the exquisite plea- sure of throwing a whole neighborhood iuto that state of utter consternation which resulted in an appeal to prayers and cxorcisms. A love of deception by such freaks sometimes exceeds all imaginable bounds. Self-accusation, and even self-torture, are wellknown phases of this carious disorder or the female mind, for such it really A story is told of a lady patient who was in the habit of thrusting needles into her font, and then submitting lo a surgical operation for their removal. But this instance ol self inflicted torture was for outdone in a curious case which occurred at the Carlisle Infirmary, and is mentioned by Dr. Priestly in a lecture delivered a( the Middlesex Hospital; we popularise it as follows':— One day a young woman applied at the infirmary to be treated for an ulcer having a very ugly appearance, and which was spreading at a great rate. Suspecting that the patient was secretly causing the irritation, the -doctor in attendance caused the part to be covered iu such a way that she could not get at it. The result was that, by a course of simple treatment, the sore was speedily healed. The girl did not like getting welt. Ill a short time she tried a new trick. This was the contrivance of a gathering al the end of her finger, leading to the bone, a seemingly bad case, necessitating a surgical operation. To this she would on no account consent, and left the infirmary. She alterwards, however, went to Liverpool, and there snbmitted to an amputation of part of tbo finger. Taking care that the wound should not heal, the case became so bad that the hand had to be amputated. This did not satisfy the morbid desire fot suffering. Still she kept tbe wound in the state of irritation, and amputation above the elbow was resorted to. With the stump nearly healed she quitted Liverpool, and returned to Carlisle, where by-and-by the wound ulcerated, and she was agaiil admitted to the infirmary. Again an amputation —this time, the arm off by the shoulder-blade. The poor wretch was still, unsatisfied- Alter being a little time at home, she presented herself with the wound in a bad way ; at the same time producing two pieces of bone as having come away, but which the doctor saw were only two pieces of bone that had been taken from a leg of matton. To prevent any fresh manoeuvre, she was placed in bed with her remaining arm tie<? to her side, and in three weeks tbe shoulder was perfectly healed. Now about to be discharged, she Tell on a new device. Iler left eye appeared to be badly swollen, and on inspection it was found 'that she had picked a piece of lime plaster from the wall, and placed it under the eyelid ! Dismissed from the infirmary, she afterwards effected a new malady, but was looked on with snspicion, and died without admitting her deceptions to any one. The girl who perpetrated those oddities is not spuken of as having been insane, and the medical man who relates the case says that her -motives for self-torture arc not divined. The only rational conjecture is, that she derived a pleasure in successlull3' playing off these ridiculous tricks on her medical attendants. 