GENERAL NEWS. The S. M. Herald reports that-On last Fri- day night, Mr. Burns, an engineer, who is said to have already saved the life of three persons, leaped into the water near the A. S. N. Co.'a Works, Pyrmont, and attempted to rescue a man named Gillespie, who had fallen into the water from one of the ferry steamers Though he made a gallant attempt to save Gillespie, he was unfortunately unsuccessful, having himself a very narrow escape from drowning. In fact, Burns was very ill for some time after Friday night. Such, praiseworthy efforts, in nearly every case successful, to save human life, de- serve to be acknowledged. On Saturday morning last, as Mr. Steward's gardener was grubbing up some roots that had to be removed, in his garden at Waterloo, he found a brown snake, fully three feet in length coiled up amongst the roots. Having the spade in his hand he dispatched the reptile before it could make its escape. The corner of the gar- den where it was found has been for months past a favourite resort of the children of the family, for the purpose of gathering the flowers which grew there in abundance, and chasing the butterflies and moths attracted to the spot by the flowers. It is supposed to have retired there for its Winter quarters.-Herald, June 17. On the last day of the Dubbo annual races, as reported in the Dispatch, the Hack Selling Race of £10, heats, once round the course, was won by Mr. Battye's True Blue. The Flying Handicap of £30, once round, was won by Mr. J. Townsend's Policeman, beating Mr. T. H Purvis's Rob Roy. The All-aged Stakes of £20, 1¾ mile, was also won by Policeman, beating Mr. Reake's Priam. The Dubbo Raciug Club Handicap of £150, 2 miles, was won by Mr. G lenister's Cyclops, 8 st., beating Mr. J. L. Brown's Silver Fox, 7 1 lb., Mr. G. Rouse's Success, and four others. The Macquarie Stakes of £20 was a walk over for Mr. Mayne's Marsko. The Heiter Skelter of £15, was won by Messrs. Rcadford's Birming- ham ; and the Forced Handicap was won by Mr. J. D. Little's Myrtle, beating Success, Bir- mingham, and two others. THE CARL CASE.-We have elsewhere pub- lished some correspondence which has taken place between the Foreign Office and the Admiralty in reference to the "repatriation" of the South Sea Islanders who were kidnapped on board the notorious Carl. Although the Lords of the Admiralty did not consider it desi- rable to accept the services of the Victoria, which waa placed at their disposition by our own Govrenment. they express themselves deeply sensible of the nature of the offer, and state that they considered the Imperial Govern- ment is " morally bound to tee that the unfor- tunate natives who were kidnapped by British subjects on board the Carl should have the means afforded them of returning to their homes if they should wish do so." Commodore Stir- ling has been accordingly ordered to take the necessary steps for that purpose ; and one of the vessels built at Sydney for the Admiralty has been engaged at Fiji io collecting the South Sea Islanders, and was expected to leave Levuka on her beneficent muston about the end of last month.-Melbourne Argus, June 11. SEVERE ACCIDENT. - Information was brought into town on Tuesday last, that an ac- cident had happened to Mr. Robert Hayes, manager of the Forest G.M. Company's works. It appears Mr. Hayes was down one of the shafts about 30 feet deep, when by some means a large hammer fell from the top, striking him On the head, and it was feared that his skull was fractured. Dr. Spark, on receipt of the in- formation immediately started off to attend to Mr. Hayes. Dr. Spark informs us that Mr. Hayes is not so severely injured as was at first anticipated, and that he will be all right again in a short time.-Carcoar Ckronicle, June 14. NEW ZEALAND AND THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL. -The Melbourne Argus of the 12th says : Elsewhere will be found intelligence reoeived from New Zealand, to the effect that that colony declines to co-operate with New South Wales in establishing a mail service via San Francisco. In all probability this refusal was occasioned by the fact that New Zealand pre- fers to work with Viotoria. The Government are in possession of information to the effect that New Zealand can make arrangements with the Pacific Mail Company for a flrst-clas service for a subsidy of £50,000. This service would connect San Francisco, the South Sea Islands, and the northern island of New Zealand with Melbourne, supposing Victoria to join in the subsidy. This colony would no doubt accede to any fair proposition, and Melbourne would then become the terminus of both lines. An inquest was hold on Saturday by tho Sydney Coroner, on the body of Edward Gil- lespie, who had been drowned on Friday evening, by falling into the water at the A. S N. Com- pany's works. The evidence proved that the occurrence was an accident, and that deceased was sober. Verdict accordingly. At an inquest yesterday forenoon, respecting the cause of death of an aboriginal native of the colony named Woorigan, alias Mr. Ross, aged 21 years, a verdict of "death from natural oauses " was returned. Woorigan had been re- ceived into gaol on the 10th December, 1870, under a seutence of 3 years for assaulting a child with intent.-Herald of Tuesday. At the invitation of Mr. H. Wyborn, the Harbour Master, Wt (Brisbane Courier) yester- day inspected several pieces of timber of diffe- rent varieties, which had been attached to a pile in the river at low water mark, for ten and a half months, in order to see what effect that destructive worm, the cobra, would have upon them, and thereby to arrive at a conclusion as to their relative value in resisting this pest The varieties were cedar, Moreton Bay pine, blue gum, spotted gum, turpentine, pender, she- pine, and swamp mahogany, and all excepting the two last mentioned were seriously damaged, some being completely riddled. The she-pine and swamp mahogany were perfectly free from all traces of the cobra, and were remarkably sound. A woman named Mrs. Jane Balsham, a widow, residing at Tomerong, Shoalhaven, has been committed for trial at the next Wollon- gong Quarter Sessions, on the charge of sending letters to Dr. Francis Peers, of Shoalhaven, falsely imputing that the said Dr. Joseph Francis Peers did assault and ravish her, and demanding £20 as hush-money. The police office case is reported fully in the Shoalhaven News of 14th June. The woman had consulted Dr. Peers for a pain in her side. Dr. Peers said he believed she was in the family way. At her request he saw her on two or three oc- casions, and made the necessary examinations, remaining of the same opinion himself. The woman a fortnight afterwards sent him two or three letters, of the purport named above. He then visited her house, as requested, about the matter, but took tbe precaution to take a police- man with him. While then alone with the doctor, she persisted in the charge, but hesi- tated when the policeman was brought into the room. The doctor, in his evidence, positively denied that anything of the kind imputed took place. His own wife was in the next room at the time of the examination. About two o'olook on Sunday morning, con- stable Robinson found a man named William Henry Baron, a resident of Woollahra, on the South Head-road, Paddington, under circum- stances denoting derangement of mind. The constable took him to the Darlinghurst police station. Shortly after reaching there he was attacked by fits, and whilst labouring in one bit his tongue, injuring it severely. Dr. Egan attended him, and everything was done to re- lieve his sufferings. He was afterwards re- moved in a cab to the Infirmary.-Empire, 16th June. AN INCENTIVE TO FARMERS -Wo constantly hear grumblings about the decadence of our farming interest. The soil is either exhausted, or it will cost too muoh to break in new land. We have an answer to the former statement in a large mangold, sent us from Ellenthorpe Hall by Mr. William Brown, and which, he says, " had no forcing by artificial means, but just the rain from heaven." The mangold sent us weighs 38 lb , and though no fewer than eleven tops sprang from it, weighing, root and top, 54 lb., the root is a fine solid one, without flaw or protuberance to spoil its appearance or mar its value. It had many companions of about equal size, in a plot of ground of about three quarters of an acre This fact sbould convince desponding and negligent farmers that the earth will yield its increase if they only give it a fair trial.-H. T. Mercury, Jane 6. A dreadful accident is reported by the Plea- sant Greek News (Victoria), as having occurred at a claim at Darling-flat, in the Pyrenees, about 30 miles from Stawell. Whilst engaged in placing the framework of some of the new macbinery in position, a breakage occurred, and two men were severely crushed by the fall. One of the sufferers-Peter Killen-afterwards died. The name of the second man injured was Niel Hill. He was removed to the Plea- sant Creek Hospital with one leg broken, besides being otherwise injured. Killen leaves a wife and a large family. SILKWORMS.-The Australische Deutsche Zeitung of Tanunda says :-" We hear from several localities that in the spring certain gentlemen intend oommencing the cultivation of the mulberry to provide sustenance for silk- worms. Mr. H. A. Ivens will plant 16 acres, Mr Schäche 3½ acres, and Mr. F. W. Klewitz, of Greenock, 3 acres. Mr. Schmidt, of Tanunda, who has already a flourishing plantation of mul- berry trees, intends to improve his stock by the introduction of various species imported and re- commended by Mrs. Neill, of Victoria. We are further informed that Mr. Klewitz, the licensed schoolmaster in Greenoek, purposes instructing his pupils in the cultivation of the mulberry, and afterwards in tbe treatment of the silkworm. This gentleman has sent to us several silk cocoons produced by worms reared by himself. The silk is not, however, of very good quality, and the cocoons are somewhat soft. It appears that they were spun before the insect had at- tained maturity." THE RABBIT TRADE -Eight or ten months ago our correspondent, " The Ghost at Lowe's Park," prophesied that the rabbit, though then complained about as a pest by our farmers, would ultimately prove a gift of Providence in a little way. This foretelling has now become realised, for, as we mentioned last week, a rab- bit trade has been established, and scores upon scores of fine healthy bunnies are brought to the city day by day. The two lads from the Black Brush, who started the adventure, have met with competitors, for another cart appeared in the market on Saturday. Both carts, however, sold out at a shilling a couple to private pur- chasers, but shops were allowed a reduction. One of the carts held, " swaggering" on the saplings across it, no less than nineteen dozen, and these were sold before noon for £5 14s Not a bad day's work for two boys, a grey pony, and a rickety old chaise cart.-H. T. Mercury, June 6 TnE MURRAY.-The river is now navigable for steamers as far as Albury, and will probably remain so for the rest of the winter, as the rain already fallen will have the effect of causing a further rise in the course a few days. We learn that Messrs. Whitehand, Shannon, & Co. are about completing arrangements for running a steamer regularly during the ensuing season. Tbe Waradgery and Elizabeth also are, we understand, to continue in the same trade. Albury Banner, June 14. The Deniliquin Chronicle states that a lamentable and fatal accident took place on Saturday evening, at the Hay Hospital, the deceased being a man named John West. He was only admitted that day suffering from in- juries in the groin. About six p.m. the wardsmen's assistant (a patient), brought some medicines from the township, and left them all on the table ; the wards man afterwards inquired for the medicine for West, and being informed it was on a shelf, he proceeded to the kitchen, and took up a bottle from which he administered a dose to the unfor- tunate man, thinking it was the right medicine Unfortunately the bottle contained carbolic acid, and some few minutes after swallowing the dose, West was seized with convulsions, which ended fatally in three-quarters of an hour. An inquest was held, and a verdict of manslaughter returned against the wardsman - bail being allowed. SHEEP DISEASE NEAR ORANGE.-Many, if not all, of the local flocks of sheep are suffering severely from disease, of which numbers are dying. One flockmaster has lost 2000 during the past two months, and others are severe sufferers. The cause of the disease is supposed to be the heavy rain in tbe spring and sum- mer, causing fluke and worms.- Western Ex- aminer, Orange, June 14. The report of the British Australian Tele- graph Company announces, subject to the ap- proval of the shareholders, the amalgamation of their company with the British India Exten- sion and China Submarine Companies, the shareholders in each company receiving fully paid-up £10 shares in the new company, in the proportion of £15 for each sbare of the British Indian Extension, and £11 for each share in the British Australian and China Submarine Companies. It is also arranged that the amal- gamation company, the India, Australasia, and China Telegraph Company, shall acquire the Tasmania and Victoria Submarine cable for £70,000 in shares. The share capital of the new company required for the above purposes will be £1,997,500, but it is proposed to fix the nominal capital of the company at £3,000,000, as further sums may hereafter be required for duplication or extension of lines. The amalgamation is to take effect as from January 1 last. The revenue account to De- cember 31 shows a profit of £8043, and in view of the immediate liquidation of the company the directors propose to £7,500 in the shape of a bonus of 2s. 6d. per share, carrying forward £543 to the reserve fund of the amalgamated Company. The meeting is to be held on April 21. Chicago expects to have an hotel capacity of 5272 rooms when its 41 hotels are all completed. Before the fire it had 30 hotels, containing 2065 rooms. 