IN THE BARBER'S SHOP By FIGARO. Iq ihave gaithered a nosegay of flowers, and Ibere is nothing of uoy own but the string that lies them.' -MoNTAIGNE I IJAVE only a word or two to say about SDareall and his partition proposition. He didn't put in an appearance last Satur dsy evening, bhit dropped me a line instead aying it was certainly not .fear that kept fi away, but' the impos'sibility of being in two places at the sime time. He had been called ?up-country on business, and therefore a could not honour Us. with his presence." Be declared that he made his proposition in 6ober earnestness, and:not' in any jest; 'and conclieded by saying tliiit on the first oppor tunity after his return he would come and discuss the subject with anyone inclined to controvert his views. So there the'matter must rest for the present. : Ianticipate a strong .discussion this evening. 'Th°eBuilding Regulations passed by the Praldran T'own Council, after so uouch squabbling and so many amendments, lave been approved of' and'sanctioned by the Attorney- General, and were to appear in the Goveernment. Gazette of yesterday. 'This, if ' am not mistaken, gives them the force of law; and the only mode by which they can now be upset is, I am told, by the Goverl oor.in-Coluncil rescinding them. I believe d oppionents of the reggilations"'are exceed io?ngly wroth about the gazetting having been done, and assert thbey have been sold in the matter--by whom, I cannot: ledirm 'But so far as I can understand-the matter, there is no reason for tlhem to give' up the ghost. They have still a card left iod play. They have only to persuade Mr Francis to put in force the veto- power of the Governor.in Council, and they will yet be 'able to trump their opponent's trick. Whether they can get him to do this remains.to be seen. SThere can be little doubt, I think, that the fast.approaching municipal election in Prah ran will be one of the most hotly-contested we have witnessed for some years. Al ready there are symptoms of this; and unless the ardour dies away between this and August next, we shall then have a merry time of it. The retiring councillors are, I understand, the two Lewises and MIr Young. Inam led to believe that the three will offer themselves for re-election. The last-named will, I have heard, be adopted by the anti regulations party, who intend to run with him _lr Crews and MLr Dixon. Besides these I have heard the names, of two other gentlemen mentioned as intending to offer themselves. I do not, mind you, pledge myself to the accuracy of.the fbre going statements, butthey seem to me to have a sufficient resemblance to pro bnbility to warrant my thus referring to them. The City Corporation has decided, at the instigation of the Melbourne Gas Company, to oppose the bill to be introduced into the Legislative Assembly asking permission for the South Melbourne Gas Company to ex tend its operations to the city. I am not surprised at this, seeing that the City Cor goration seldom shows itself anxious to poomote anything that would be of real eswice to its constituents. Its chief os teonible objection-viz., that the. layingof the pipes by another company would play sad havoc with the streets of the city vould, if it were the real objection, be a very peurile one, and easily got over; but I believe that the opposition has, in reality, another source, and one which its authors have not the courage to avow. I think you will be able to guess what it is without my further explaining. But.I do not think the Southern Company need fear this oppo sition. 'In fact, I am inclined to believe it will benefit rather than injure them. The City Council has not a very sweet-smelling savour in the Assembly, and the latter body will, in my opinion, only be too glad to have an opportunity of giving it a back handed slap on the'face. If provision is but made in the bill to secure that the Southern Company shall supply the citizens with gas at a considerably lower rate than they now get it, and also binding them down not to effect an arrangement or amal gunmation with either of the existing com panies, there can be no question that the citizens will refuse to endorse the action of their representatives, and that the bill will pus. To which I fancy I can hear John Whiteman sonorously ejaculate, "So mote it be!" And I think, in the interests of the public generally, the Government should gite its support to the bill. For I notice that in some recent contracts accepted fbr Government lighting, they have in those suburbs where the old companies reign supreme to pay 10s per 1000 cubic feet for the gas they require, whilst in Emerald hill and Sandridge they are to have it supplied at 5s 10d for the same quantity, or nearly 50 per cent. less. This should operate as "an eye-opener," as our Yankee friends sauy. I wonder how many of the present rising generation of colonists know the origin of the word " B3endigo," as applied to a well know up-country district, and to certain streets in various localities ? Ii they in quireof their elders they will be told that it was originally the probfessional cognomen of once notorious member of the P.R. in England, who hailed from the town of lNottingham. Coming not far from that place, and hearing a good deal about the mn. when he was at the height of his ob jectionable popularity, I have always felt that the use made of his name in this colony in the direction I have referred to scarcely redounded to our credit. Reading an Eng lish paper the other evening, I came across Sparagraph which places the man Bendigo in a new and better light. It seems he has lately become "a changed character" meaning thereby a religious man-and has taken to occasional preaching. The para graph in question refers to an instance where e had preached to an audience of some 2,000 persons, some six weeks after he had aen converted. This is indeed a wonder ulchange, and I sincerely hop'e it may provo pelrmahant. :I say so, because Ibear S 2mind that not very long ago a noted rglar in Eiigland "unerwent a similar ransformation, and became for a short time suht a religious "lion." Bnt alas I his ining light" was soon quenched. He oud not completely rid himself of his old burglarious propensities-only his evil habit took a new form. He stole the wife of one of his admirers and believers ! I will hope, however, that Bendigo will hold fast to his new belief. If he does, I shaill' not wish so strongly as I have hitherto done tliat?.his' name were erased from our Victorian. maps. It's a sad thing for brothers to quarrel; but when they do so, in the name of all that's decent don't let them publish their disagreements to the world. If they can't help having dirtylinen to wash, they should perform tlihe necessary ablution wiiin 'iheir iowvn homes, and not let everybody psee them at the operation. As one of two: brothers Mirams have recently done. llere.is my proof; in tlhd shape 'of an .advertisement cut from a recent number of the Age, and ad dressed to the editor oi that journal: "Sir,-I see by to-day's issue of your paper I Ithat Mr James'Mirams ihas written to you stating 'that he is not thedefeated candlidate for thea board of advice in Fitzroy. "Allow me to thnnk Mr James Mirame for his gratuitous information, and to beg of him on any future occasion of the like kind to be good enough to publish such' intimations lErore' instead of after the election, bor if the public of Fitzroy had more widely known that it was NOT Mr. James Mirams, the defeated can'didate for' liarliameietary hIonours, arc return would have been more secure; as many people would pot give me a vote, think ing that it was Mr James Mirams, of Smith street, that was standing.-Yours, truly, . "EDw?ARD MmIRAM. "Fitzrov, Brunswick-street, i9th Juae, 1873." What think you of' that ? Is it not de plorable ? Especially when you consider that,' if I mistake not, 'these quarrelsome brethren are the sons of a clergyman. I do not.wish it tobe understood that on that 'account they are necessarily , better than other people; but as in their early training they must have been taught how unholy such exhibitions of bad temper are, even in those who are not. connected by blood, I do think they might have retained sufficient recollection thereof to prevent themselves from thitus proclaiming in the light of day how little store they put by the injunction to'" let brotherly love continue." I have at divers times said some severe things of our youthful .larrikins. I am not now going to retract such observations I may "have made on that offensive class. There' are, however, always two sides, if not more, to: every question; and it is'a souice 'of especial gratification to me when I can point to a successful illustration thlat ill ourt boysare notrude and vicious. ' Itis my pri vilege to be able to do so this week. From particulars which have reachedme I learn that one Patrick Francis Kennedy, a son of MIr P. Kennedy, of Mount Ericsa, has greatly dis tinguished himself in the old country as a medical student;.and he is;, I. think, worth holding up as a brilliant example to the youth of this district. Young Kennedy commenced his education at ~t. Patrick's Coliege in Melbourne. At the conclusion of his stiidies there he went to Ireland, where in 1869 he entered the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin as a student of medi cine. So well did he employ his time and talents, that in 1871 and 1879' he took tive money prizes, and a silver medal for pro ficiency in anatomy and physiology . In the following (this) year he has continued his successes by takinga diploma in surgery and a gold medal. I am also inform'e'd that he took tito hore mairkis than'any other student out of the large number of 640 in the college, I commeud these facts to the thoughtful attention of my young friends, suggesting how much more honourableit is to be thus referred to in a newspaper than as an irrepressible and irreclaimable larrikin. I am well aware that all may not have the same advantages as fell to young Kennedy's ,lot, but I am sure that not one of those lads who infest our street corners, usinig foul language and smoking bad tobacco, but might, 'if they chose to avail :themselves of the opportunities within their reach, become respectable and useful members of society, instead of, as they now too frequently-are, useless and unmitigated nuisances. I have received'a note' signed "Fair Play," referring.to what I reported last week concerning the election of the Board of Advice in Prahran. If my correspon dent had not forgotten to furnish me with his name and, address I Sh'uld probably have made. 'sme 'use '. of his,. in formation- but. so long as it is anonymous I can't do so: I am quite one with him in deprecating'the practices he condemns, and if he will only do as I wish, and also give me-privately, of course -the name ot the teacher he refers to, I shall be happy next week to make.use of his communication. 