AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. [From the Printing Times, February 1.1 Messrs. Strahan & Go. have just completed their handsome library editions of Alfred Tennyson's works. The two closmgwolames, the fifth and sixth, contain the perfect Arthurian Epos, on which the poet has laboured so long, and with snch lingering devotion. Here at last we have a consistent and definite arrangement of the many Idylls of the King, beginning with the '' Coming of Arthur"—attributing to the latest published of all, "Gareth and Lynette," the first place among the legends of the Round Table—and closing, after the passionate poem in which Guinevere's sorrow and repentance are pourtrayed, with the first, and in some respects the best, of all the Idylls, "The Passing of Arthur," first published a generation ago. IJrery one must remember the impressive and high toned dedication to the " Idylls" which the Laureate penned after the death of the Prince Consort—the "noble Father of our Kings to be;" and it will Beem to most as natural that the splendid British Epic thus inaugurated should close with an addreas "To the Queen," contrasting in some striking respects with that which Tennyson wrote on bis appointment to the Lanreateship. The whole JBritish people will gladly read those bold and energetic verses, which show that the Laureate is far from being indifferent to the questions that agitate our tune:— To the Queen*. O Loyal to the royal in thyself, And loyal to thy land, as this to thee— Bear witness, that rememberable day When, pale as yet, and. fever-worn, the Prince, Who scarce had pluck'd his flickering life again From halfway down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man And welcome! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race and creed and clime— Thunderless lightning striking under sea From sunset mid sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us " Keep you to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly ! Friends—your love Is but a burthen; loose the bond and go." Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice And Ibeaning, whom the roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven ? What shock has fool'd her since, that she should So feebly ? wealthier—wealthier—hour by hour! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas ? 2 here rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness ; if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n. But thou, my Queen? Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Bather than that Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from moun tain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Touch'd by the adulterous finger of a time j. That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements; take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours ; for some are scared who mark. Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour. And fierce or careless looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm ; the goal of this great world Lies beyond sight; yet, if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common-sense, That saved her many times, not fail—their fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. JliFKEBSON THE Actoe. — This popular favourite seems to have recovered from the severe illness which we mentioned some time ago. A late issue of the Era, states that on January 15 he "appeared before an audience at Savannah, Georgia, U.S., in his speciality of Rip Van "Winkle, and met with an immense recap tion from a densely packed audience." 