SOUTH AUSTRALIA BAPTIST ASSOCIA- TION. The annual meetings o this body were commenced an Wednesday, September 3, in Flinders-street Lecture Hall, where notwithstanding the wet weather the attendance was good. At 10.30 a.m. a prayer meeting was held, and at 11 a.m. THE BUSINESS MEETING took place in the Hall. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the late Chairman of the Association, introduced the Rev. J. Price as the Chairman for the ensuing year, and dwelt upon the amount of good done by gatherings like the present, as they not only facilitated Church work, but promoted Christian fellowship. They to a certain extent resembled a Parliament, but differed from political gatherings, inasmuch as they had higher interests at stake than those which marked the affairs of this world. He spoke of tbe efficacy of earnest prayer, and suggested that a whole day in the year might be set aside for prayer. Some of the Churches had progressed favourably during the year, and others had not been so prosperous as could have been desired; but he trusted that no feelirg of discouragement would arise because of the ill success in some quarters, but that there would be an earnest effort made to promote future prosperity. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The CHAIRMAN (the Rev. J. Price) then read an address on "Rest and Effort considered as Conditions in the Life of Godliness," a full report of which appears in Register and Observer The Rev. S. MEAD, M.A., LL.B., after a few comments, moved— " That a vote of thanks be accorded to the Rev. J. Price for his paper, and that the address be printed in Truth and Progress; also, that 1,000 copies be struck off for "distribution." The Rev. J. M. DAY, of Kapunda, seconded, and the motion was carried. The Rev. H. J. LAMBERT read THE ANNUAL REPORT. " Report of the Committee of the South Aus- tralian Baptist Association, September 3,1873. " Christian Brethren and Friends—In submitting the tenth annual report of this Association, your Committee feel that their service has no great proportions which invite attention and remark; their work has been unobtrusive, and has accomplished only small visible results. While, however, acknowledging many shortcomings and failures, they would devoutly recognise God's kindness in any measure of earnestness that has obtained, and most heartily thank Him for every success. Our objects as an Association are to originate and strengthen Churches of our own faith and order; to sustain the preaching of the Gospel; to aid by grants of money small or poor Churches in the maintenance of their pastors; to assist the introduction of ministers into the colony; to train suitable men for the work of the ministry; and to seek generally the extension of Christ's kingdom. Your Committee, in endeavouring to discharge their trust during the past year, have kept these ends in view, and with this conception of their work would now render an account of their stewardship, and endeavour to place before you our present condition and immediate prospects as a denomination in the colony. " ln striking the first tone of our report we scarcely know whether to sound a full major or a plaintive minor chord;-whether in painting our picture we should chiefly use bright colours or those of a sombre hue. We know of much that has been disappointing and depressing and humiliating; but, thank God, we know of much else full of life and cheer. Should we conclude that all the results of our work are known to us —that there is no fruit of our efforts beyond what we can see—then we must be sad, and only sad. But besides the work of saving souls, in which we share with all Christians, we have a special witness to make — a witness by which we seek to secure and maintain the purity of Christ's Church in its membership and ordinances, and in this our witness we cannot labour in vain or spend our strength for naught. " We are not able to anticipate the records of success or failure which the letters from our Churches will furnish. We fear, however, that comparatively few conversions will be found registered, nor will it cheer our hearts in the least to know that a similar dearth of spiritual gain characterizes the other denominations around. " Great vitality has hitherto distinguished our Association in its work. This year we can point to very few fresh spheres of labour taken up for Christ, and on some of our old fields, it may be, we have scarcely held our own. Yet, although this year's foliage maybe less luxuriant, and the gathered fruit less abundant, we believe the roots are deeper down, and our capabilities for usefulness in time to come greater than ever. "Churches Assisted.—During the year your Committee have rendered help to the Churches at Moonta, Teatree Gully, and Inglewood by such grants of money as have greatly assisted the brethren to maintain their pastors. The Church at Mount Gambier during the early part of this year received such encouragement from the Association in the residence and labouts of our evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger. Since February Mr, Badger has been located at Saddleworth, where he has been the means of considerably strengthening and building up the Church. In addition to these the various Churches and stations upon our preachers' plan have been constantly visited by those who have well sustained the services for Divine worship and preaching of the Gospel. " Preachers' Plan.—Some six months since it was deemed desirable to change the method of supplying our stations with preachers. Formerly the Secretary of the Association was responsible for these supplies. But notwithstanding great care in the arrangements there were frequent failures and cries of disappointment. Under the new method our larger Churches undertake the responsibility supplying the smaller Churches that are near and need such help. Thus this part of our work is more simple, and we believe is working most satisfactorily. We understand the congregations generally are more regular and more encouraging. "Lay Preachers. — We feel it right and appropriate to acknowledge the willing and efficient help rendered by many brethren who cull from their hours of business or leisure time for preparation, and then on the Lord's Day often deny themselves greatly by going forth in all weathers to preach the Gospel to these brethren many of our country Churches are deeply indebted. Such labourers for the Master's sake cannot lose their reward, and your Committee would appeal to others among our young men who are gifted to speak that they should seek employment in this work.' Churches still needing Aid.—While most of our Churches are self-supporting—and not a few have attained this position, largely through the liberal and timely help rendered from our funds — there are yet several needing assistance. Your Com- mittee for the ensuing year will therefore need funds, from which to strengthen the hearts of pastors and people by helping to remove, or better still, by preventing financial embarrassment. Other Churches again need pastors— Magill, Aldinga, Saddleworth, and Mount Gambier—where in either case we believe a devoted man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, would be warmly welcomed, and with a little assistance comfortably maintained. Magill and Aldinga being within easy distance have been well cared for. Saddleworth has also enjoyed the-presence and labour of the Rev. D. Badger; but Mount Gambier, owing to its distance and isolation, has languished considerably. Your Committee deeply regretted the necessity for transferring Mr. Badger's services to the North but it was felt that the new areas had the greater claims, and we hoped that the Mount Gambier Church would have been in the position long ere this to invite and settle a pastor in their midst. Some four or five other localities also present themselves to your Committee as most promising fields for labour had they the men to send. Your Committee deeply regret their inability up to the present to meet the wants of these districts together with the increasing demands of the new areas. We believe there is ample room for at least three or four additional ministers of Christ to labour with us here. During this year your Committee have not been able to bring from England any fresh workers. Instructions, however, have been sent to the Rev. J. L. Parsons and Messrs. Goode and Fowler to send us one brother at once, if possible. We are also anticipating the early arrival of Mr. Bottrill from England. The understanding with your Committee was that at the expiration of two years he would return to labour here. He should have completed his studies at Regent's Park College in July last. "Our Evangelist.—Your Committee gladly bear testimony to the untiring energy and efficient services of the Rev. D. Badger as evangelist in connection with this Association. Since the beginning of February Mr. Badger has been residing at Saddleworth, and, together with the oversight of the Church there, has been engaged in preaching and conducting services for worship on the new areas North. In several of these localities a lively interest has been awakened, and at Georgetown the brethren have accepted plans, and are already preparing to build a house for God. Your Committee feel very keenly the urgent claims of these areas, and their present inability to meet those claims. They sincerely trust that the time is not far distent when at least other evangelists for Christ shall be working with us among those scattered but rapidly-increasing populations. Mr. Badger always speaks encouragingly of his work, but constantly laments there is not more agency. "We are glad to state here that one young man, who has long rendered useful service to the Churches as a preacher, is now most earnestly seeking to improve his powers for usefulness. Our brother has determined to devote some two months, which he feels he can spare from his business, to the greater advantages offered by residence in town. He is attending some classes at the Union College, and also availing himself of help otherwise rendered. Of his gifts and graces which fit him for this work we have good testimony, and we should rejoice were his way made plain to enter our ministry. Should other young men of known piety and proved preaching power feel constrained to follow this brother's example, and would apply for aid even though they did not fully enter the ministry —your Committee would gladly give any such case their most careful and encouraging attention. We need all those who can evidence that they are sent of God. " Changes in Pastorates.—Our two brethren who at our last annual meetings were comparative strangers to us are now settled over Churches - the Rev. M. Lloyd being pastor of the Alberton Church, and the Rev. H. Morgan being pastor of Lyndoch Valley and South Rhine Churches. We are glad also to know that our brother, Mr. Lloyd, is enabled to preach and minister to the Welsh population at Port Adelaide in their native tongue. The Rev. J. Renney has become during the year pastor of the Teatree Gully and Inglewood Churches. The Church at Magill has been deprived of its pastor by the removal of Mr. J. Birks. We are thankful to God that death has not thinned our ranks this year; but we miss our brother, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, from our meetings, who is visiting Europe to recruit his heath and strength. We shall gladly welcome himself and family on their return. " Church Building and Extension.— We have but little to record here. At Gawler, where God has so manifestly shown His favour, the original church has been altered and enlarged, so as to afford at present sitting accommodation for 380 persons. At Flinders-street a gallery has been constructed free of debt, and providing 300 additional seats in the church. This exten- sion may be considered equal to a good-sized church or chapel. At Norwood an infant schoolroom and three smaller class-rooms have been added to the school buildings—also free of debt. "Half-yearly meetings were held at Gawler on 11th April last. The large attendance at both business and public meetings was most gratifying. Throughout the meetings were an unqualified success, and we think fully vindicate the adoption and justify the continuance of such gatherings, especially if held in the country and on a public holiday. ' "Aged Ministers' Relief Fund.—This is now an institution in connection with our denomination, and must become the means of comfort and blessing to many. The sum of over a thousand pounds is in trust, and rules for guiding the Committee in dealing with any income arising from the fund have been adopted. This fund is also our Building Fund and our magazine Truth and Progress, will be reported upon separately. Our library has enjoyed considerable quiet this year. But few volumes have been added, and although a goodly mimber of readers have availed themselves of the privilege, there is great room for improvement in both respects. "Our Book Depot.—Although not exactly an associational work, yet we mark it worthy of remark. In the Lecture Hall, Flinders-street Baptist Church, tracts, pamphlets, and books of an evangelical character, and peculiarly fitted for usefulness, are always on hand for sale. " In conclusion, we are quite sure that a wide field is open to our work, and we ought to press forward. There, is and will be, increasingly the need for liberality and devotedness, but the past good season and present prospects of the colony should certainly stimulate and encourage to a hearty response. Brethren, if we are true and faithful we need have no fear for results. Our work rests upon a firm basis. And with a never-varying appeal to the law and to the testimony for all that we do, and with an unswerving trust in Him unto whom belongeth all power, we may be confident of ultimate and abundant success. We commend the Association with its work to the sympathy of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and to the blessing of our Triune God." At 1 p.m. an adjournmeut was made for luncheon, and the Association reassembled at 2.30. AGED MINISTERS' FUND. Mr. JAMES SMITH read the report of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, which showed that the amount in the National Bank at 3 1/2 per cent, was £1,000 6s. 9d. PROPOSED BAPTIST BUILDING FUND. Amount in hand September 1, 1872, £12; and received since £4. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. JAS. SMITH read the financial statement, which showed receipts £462 16s., and expenditure £470 3s., leaving a balance of £7 7s. due to the Treasurer. On the motion of Mr. YATES, seconded by Mr. GUBB, the annual report was adopted and ordered to be printed. The other reports were also adopted. PAPER The Rev. J. M. DAY then read a paper on "The best mode of dealing with the Church property of the denomination." MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. R. NEILL read the report, which expressed gratitude that the magazine—Truth and Progress—had been sustained through another year—the sixth of its history; but the contributions had been almost limited to those of Messrs. Price and Day. It had been the wish of the Editors to have a more extended field of writers, and it was hoped that ministers as well as laymen would furnish literary matter, so as to enable the conductors better to represent the denomination. Friends might use the correspondence column, if they lacked time for writing articles. The plan adopted at Norwood of appointing a magazine correspondent might be tried elsewhere with advantage. It was not practicable at present to extend the paper beyond the colony unless intelligence could be supplied from distant places to give the paper more than local interest. Some alterations had been made; but the magazine was not on a sound financial basis. Some of the Churches, as requested, had contributed, but others had not, and it was hoped that they would send in aid. The receipts had been £119 6s. 9d., and the expenditure £116 3s. 7d. The SECRETARY expressed regret that the magazine had not been so remunerative as was wished, and a discussion ensued upon the question. It was thought that with assistance the magazine might still prove a success. More advertisements should be obtained, and a greater variety of subjects could be dealt with in the columns of the paper, if people would contribute, so as to add to its general interest. Mr. LAMBERT moved a vote of thanks to the Editors and Secretary of the magazine for their services, and the motion was carried unanimously. - The CHAIRMAN said the conduct of those who managed the magazine had during the past year met with unqualified approval, and friends should support it more liberally. The Rev. S. HEAD spoke of the prospects of the magazine, and thought Church matters might with success be written and spoken about in a Christian spirit in its pages. Members might contribute interesting matter, dealing with Christian work and enterprise. Opinions for and against the discussion of the teetotal question in the magazine were advanced, but the almost general idea was that the peculiar character of the journal precluded the introduction of that subject. The Revs. S. Fairey and J. M. Day were iequested to act as Editors for the ensuing year. APPOINTMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES. The Revs. M. Lloyd and H. J. Lambert were appointed as representatives of the Association at the meetings of the Congregational Union and Presbyterian Assembly. HALF-YEARLY MEETING. It was resolved "That the next half-yearly meeting should be held at Kapunda." PAPER. The Rev. M. LLOYD read a paper on "Christian zeal," in which he urged the necessity of exhibiting earnestness in carrying out Christian work, and firmness in dealing with the affairs of the world. Neglect in disseminating knowledge gained through Christian study was censured, and every man was urged to bring the truth and present it to those around him as a duty he owed to God and himself. Spiritual steadfast- ness was the mainspring of true goodness, and all men should feel that the truth must conquer. He held that the zeal manifested in the conversion of sinners was very feeble, and needed stirring up. There should be more individual effort shown. People were too much disposed to leave the burden upon their minister's shoulders, when they should all be ministers of Christ, and fully feel the bond of human brotherhood. Our zeal sometimes became cool because we failed and were discouraged, but that feeling should not be tolerated. If souls must be converted to God zeal must be brought to bear upon the work, and denominational differences should not be allowed to interfere. Great zeal for God's glory had characterized past times, and that we should ever prove indifferent to it was a matter of deep regret. It became our solemn duty to love the praise of God more than the praise of men. It was proposed and carried that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to Mr. Lloyd for his paper, and that it be inserted in Truth and Progress. On the motion of Mr. W. K. THOMAS, it was resolved— " That a collection be made after the Lord's Supper this evening, the proceeds to be divided between the City Mission and the Aborigines' Associations connected with Point Macleay and Point Pearce." Carried. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. The Rev. S. MEAD moved— "That a Committee to be called "The Com- mittee of Advice," consisting of three ministers and four laymen all being members of this Association, be elected by ballot annually, and be eligible for re-election, and that four consti- tute a quorum. That the function of this shall be to give advice to make awards as the case may be, in all cases of dispute which may arise from time to time in Churches, whether between pastor and people, among members themselves, or between Churches. That the Churches as Churches be cordially invited to avail them- selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitration, and if possible to agree beforehand to abide by its decision." He pointed out that often there arose disputes between private individuals on Church matters, and there was a difficulty in reconciling them unless a third party acted as referee —a person better capable of judging calmly and without prejudice between them. The system advocated he considered did not trench upon the true independence of a Christian Church. It was a principle of reconciliation sanctioned by our Saviour. When Church disputes arose persons possessing every qualification for judging uprightly could be selected, and the design was to promote and secure peace in the Churches. The question whether the Committee should be composed of three members and four laymen, or laymen only, was another matter which could be settled. Mr. J. SMITH seconded, and said a Committee of Advice was often needed in the settlement of Church differences. He suggested that the parties disputing should each nominate a referee. The Rev. D. BADGER was opposed to the resolution, as it interfered with the independence of the Churches. He did not see what power the Committee would have unless it was supported by the Association, and he considered it unnecessary to appoint such a Committee. The minister should follow out the teachings of the New Testament in deciding the disputes of Church members. When those means failed then the Church could appoint a Committee. Mr. NIEBAR supported the proposition. If the disputants chose to submit to the decision of the Committee, let them do so. He had often thought that a Board of the kind proposed would be of great use. Mr. W. BARKER also supported the motion. The Committee he pointed out, was to be one of "advice," and surely there was no overriding the freedom of the Church in that. There was nothing to prevent people attempting to settle the matter between themselves,, and when that failed they could seek the advice of impartial persons. The Rev. H. J. LAMBERT also supported, remarking that parties could appoint their own Committee. Such a Board as the one proposed would be very beneficial. Mr. A. S. NEILL said that it would be almost impossible for the Association to go into the details of Church disputes, therefore it delegated authority to a smaller body, which was the wisest course. He very cordially supported the motion. Mr. W. K. THOMAS did not see the slightest danger to the independence of the Churches in the appointment of such a Board of Advice, but he thought an improvement might be made. In some cases it might happen that one or more of the Board members might be personally inte- rested in a dispute, and it would be better in such a case to make provision for that by allowing the appointment of others in their place. Mr. NEILL suggested a quorum of four. The Rev. S. MEAD quite agreed with the suggestion, made by Mr. Thomas, and thought it was met by the proposal of Mr. Neill. He repeated his arguments in favour of the Board, and remarked that it was only in cases where other means of reconciliation failed that tbe Board would be resorted to. The Association only stepped in and suggested that there were means of applying to impartial persons. The reason why it should be distinctly understood that certain persons were appointed for the purpose of settling disputes was that many Churches could not satisfactorily arrange their misunderstandings. It would be a much more wise and simple arrangement to have such a Board of Advice. The proposition as amended was carried. ROLL OF DELEGATES. During the proceedings it was stated that the list of delegates was not complete, and it was arranged to fill up the roll next day. An adjournment was made at 5 o'clock for tea. COMMUNION SERVICE. There was a good attendance at this service in the evening, although the weather was very unfavourable. The centre pews of the church were completely filled. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided, and, the Revs. J. Price, M. Lloyd, and D. Badger engaged in prayer. Mr. Lambert gave a brief address, referring chiefly to the ordinance as calling to mind union with Christ. The Rev. S. Mead also dwelt upon the importance of regarding the Lord's Supper as a festival of purest joy. He remarked that if there was one place beyond others where joy should abound it was at the Lord's table. He stated that the history of this ordinance, as it had been observed during the eighteen centuries since its institution, showed that it had been sadly perverted. At the present time many entertained beliefs regarding it very opposed to the simplicity of the rite as esta- blished by Jesus. Especially was it deemed necessary to dwell upon the sorrowful aspect of Christ's death and sorrow was almost regarded as essential to the mind of the communicant; but the sorrow of Christ was the prelude to His joyful resurrection, and we should dwell upon the fact of what the Saviour is to the believer now. A collection was made at the close, amounting to 6 15s. The sum would have been larger if fit notice had been previously given. 