My Landladies— Chapters of a Digger's Life. [By Heney Kinosley.] ? MRS. MACKINNON. (CONCLUDED.) Stilt I role across to Mitchell's to try and find my Man. I was deeply anxious about it. Aa it happened, I had made my fortune during my absoncc twice over. . That I will tell abont afterwards. Mitchell was out, at which I was disappointed, because he as a magistrate nupht have helped. Hia housekeeper, Mrs. Bryon, was in, however, . and my horse was lame, and the grooms Were both out, and when they came home were totally unable to grefc a fntah V,«ro« fnr mo Anil on Mrs BvrOn DOSSeSled ? herself of my persen, and put me in my dear old bed - room, and fed me on th« fat «f ' the land The grooms were hersoas.andallin tbecosspimey. Tkere were above fifty horsea on the run, but I was not allowed o»e ?! them. I had submitted to airs. Bryeu before, bat had ? fought her on the subject of my kangaroo. Sha was then my servesnt. Now she was my landlady I sub mitted to her cntirciy. I was nearly tbreodays there, and on the third I was 10 worried and anxioas that I told Mr3. Bryon that I should like to lay down ray head and die therein my happy old home. She a9ked ' Why did I ever leavo it F' and I said ' I am sure I don't know.' But there was no ne«s about Mac— none whatever. I was always considered to bs in possession there when ever I went, because the chief overseer, while possessed of every Christian virtue, was not a gentlemen, and yet was bo far a eentlenian that he would not show. My time wn3 getting short. I must go. When my landlady, Mrs. Bryon, came flying in and cried, ?' Oh, Mr. Blank, the judge is coming !' . I thought she meant the day of judgment, and ran into the verandah to look eastward. It was only Judge Hundford coming on circuit with a couple of troopers hehiod him. ' Instead of beins frightened, however, I ?told her to get lunch. ? Which she did. I was c»oi with ths judge, as I did not like kim ; and finding that both his troopers were cadets, I made them come in and sit with us. He was very cross at first, anii Mrs. Bryon wai scared But as I pointed out to the judgfi privately that in all probability the two young gentlemen would be lieutenants in two months, he quite saw hia way t» this arrangement. The judge was neir to the cofony, and was nervous about my opening the French window and admitting my old emu, who, I regret to say, peeked him on the top of his head, and proposed to line a nest with his hair. He did not like me at all, because he did not under stand my position, and the reason why 1 treated him it lufot en has. I was perfectly civil to kim on the whole, however, because I wonted to get something ont of him. I thought of champagne, and made my prs sent landlady, Mrs. Bryon, get a bottle of it, and the jadpe drank it all np while the cadets went ont to their horses. ' Can yon tell me, your honour,' I asked, anything about a man called Mackinnon ?' 'Yes,' said the jadge. 'He has [headed this new gang of bushrangers !' In vino verilus ! ' What Christian name ?' I asked. He.palledont bis papers. '? Christian name, Colin. Age 48. Wife took to drinking, previous enaractcr good. Left tho Avoca three months age, I« that your man?' 'I fear it is, yonr honour.' ' Do you know his wife P' ' Yes, your honour.' ' Sho should keep from «Ui»k, my dear sir. A man who drinks 13 one thiHg, but when a woman takei to it her virtue is not safe. We look at these things in a practical manner, you see ' I made my cong* te him and asked for my herso. George Brvon was there en Mother. ' Where are y»n s»ing, George ? ' ' He M going with you,' said his mother. ' You are not fit to take care of yo«rself.' ' I'll give him good iv»rk,' I said, and ws rode away. The last of the dear old place. The very Ust, except in dreams. The old court-yard, and tho judge, bare headed, beside Mrs. Bryon. Behind them the emu, pawking and gardening abtut. Behi&d; the emu the troopers, tall, blue, and majestic, waving their hands to me ; behind them a wilderness of petunias and geraniums —beyond this, the forest. Oh, the Australian life ! how fan we esist in Europe after it ? I rode back to the Avoca very fast, but my news was before mo. George Bryon pointed it out to me first, iu 'iJlOOltoward. ' v.e. 'Whereas Colin Mackinnon and others are now raugingtlie bash in the Wimmera district ; nndwliereas the said Colin Mackinon has killed bo less than three policeznca, nnd Lieutenant Moore has been wounded by him ; a reward of one hundred pound' is offered for his body alive or dead. Any trooper capturing him will be at once promoted to sergeant. Any cadet to lieutenant.' I hardly dared go home. When I »ot there I found only Alick, Elsie, and tho children. ' Where is mother ? ' I whispered to Aliek, 'Gone after him.' 'Alois?' ' Ah, She said film would put a knife in me if I cause. We have taken the bottom off the h»le, ami it came to nearly a thousand ponads. I have got your shnro. We must have another partner now. Mother has gone to fetch father out of it. Will they hang him f ' ' I cant tell ; it is a horrible business.' ' Can you do nothing ?' ' Nothing except work the hile. Yenr father will be brought to trial, and we shall want every peiny we can scrape together.' George Bryon came iml-o the concern with the great est pleasure, and ire act to work with this horrible cloud over us. It was like quirryi»g gold more than acrthiig else. We netted an amazing sum of money; the boy Aliak, who was allowed fullEhares, got .£2500 when we washed would Co down into tho drive, a»i take all the could sco. We said yes, aad lowered ker with a knife in her hand. I cm sec her pretty head twinging round and round as eke turned into the darkness of the shaft. When we pulled her up again she hoi gold, which she sold to the baHk of Sydney for JJ5G. We w«re terribly prospeious. The lead was Barrow, and by lone iTtmdrous stroke of good luck Mr. Primrose had kit ou the lead in front of us. So he xever troubled at by driviag ;»t» oar ground. Meanwhile Bob Hart aid I had made a fortune in another way. Part of the land close to the lead was fer tale, months Mid months before. We had bought it, lu oily kmy. Ug- 7 acres, 1 640 acres. A whole towmihip was erected on oar land, and one Saturday night we quietly served notices, through a policeman, that every stere and grog chop was to be removed. They paid us £7000 fer leave to stay, and Mrs. Primrose said that if Bbe had not been my old landlady she would have brakes my head. She put the baby down, aid gave Bob Hart a black eye, but she sever tout-bed, me ; sad, aa a fact, I sent her money back, for they wore good people, »ay what yon will. Still there was no word whatever from the Mackin nons. Months went on, axd the weather got wild. The Avoca had not run from ene water-hole to another iwr bitv jwurs, uuu uvrv u ucgum w- ran, *iu more ID&n; run, to flood The lead was being nearly worked out, and the cold bitter Juie of the southern hemisphere was settling down upon us. Wo had -worked out our gold, and sold it. We were rich, |a»d Getrge Sryeu was blessing his stars for the day when he oam« away with me. We were all round the fire. The wind was whistling through the hut overhead, and Iho rain was pouring steadily ; it was fearfully dull, and we had no heart for a song, or for anything cheerfnl. The door was opened, and Mrs. Mackiunon ttepped in, wet, draggled, and worn, more like a ghost than a human being. *-o cbancjoil, as I noticed in a moment. Alick nnd Elsie were at her feet in one instant, but she looked at ?George. Bryon. ' Who is that young man f ' sho said hoarsely. ' A friend of mini?, landlady,' I said. ' To be trusted f ' 'George! George!' I said, ' you would never betray us!' ' I am not a dog, Mr. Blank,' slid George, with a smile. 'I will trust you all,' said Mrs. Mackinnon. ' Black death light on you if yaa betray me. I hive promised him that I will never touch liquor ajnin. And I hare got him away from that gang; and the Benjamin Ellin sails from Port Fairy next week, aud wa could have gone right there, only the poor old boy wanted to see uis children again before lie went to South America. He wanted to see Elsie, and g-ave her his blessing before she was marrieJ. Give me some bread.' Elsie, shaking her brave bo'som with emotion got her some. My landlady ate it like a wolf. ' Ah ! I have been a bad mother to you, girl ; but Bob Hart will be a good husband. Well, my old mnn wants to see his children again, but there are police hero, and he did not venture across the creek uutil I b.a'1 seen thinis square. So I came across the old boy, and what yon have got to do some of you, my dears, 'is to go out and pnt the police off the lay till after daybreak.' Alic'j looked at me quietly, and left the room. What is human morality r Why did I, a inn*, who would risk my life in defending a policeman, actually kiss that boy the next evening when I found that there was not a policemsn to be foun.i for the whole day within several miles of the Aroca i What masterly fiction did he invent i- One thing is certain, however, he got rid of ?the police. Oae trooper was subsequently found a week afterwards wandering about en the Murray ut a distance of tiro hundred miles from his hen-l quarters, ani bad an acrimonious i-nd personal squabble with the Ki^ht Honorable Mr. Childen because Mr. Gbildera decline! to give him promotion for distinquishea sei vices. The Eight Honorable Hugh Eardley Childers could not see his way to it. . But my poor landlady, she was very vret, and she saw that the Aroca. was flooding. She wist get to her old man in the morning, and they would go away together. ' I hare rained him, Dick,' she said to me ; ' but we have made it up now. I'll be faithfnl ani true to him. I vrant to knoiv what money we have to take for car share.' ' I snppose about three thousand pounds,' I said. Can you give me two handled f ' ' I will net give yon a farthing until yon hare changed your clothes,' I said. 'I'll do it,' she said; ' the old mas has msney, bat it is not good money —not -well come by. Elsie, take ma in nod change my clothes. And, Dick, y»u must write your name on the back of every note yen give me. I gave her tiro hundred pounds in notes with my name on the back, and leaving her with Elsie I went to sleep But not for long. I was used to the whispering ef the summer wind iu the acacias, and its pleasant passage over the grass. I was used to the strident chirp of the cicada, and to the illimitable clanjamfray of ten opossums backed up by twenty native cats (en passant, as it has nothing whatever to do with the matter, I may remark that you can actually get used to barrel organs by a certain mental process). I was used to every aort of bush sound, but this night I heard a new one : the death-note of my poor old landlady. A low continuous hia 3, which sometimes swelled into a roar. I got out of bed and looked forth. The black fellows had told me that this happened sometimes, but I never believed them. The gentle Avoca was in furious flood. There was a quarter of a mile of raging irate*' before me. As day dawned I saw that the river had risen thirty feet. Hush ! let us be Bhort over such things. It is plain to me now as the ghastly rattle of Sedan. I went out and looked at the awful rolling waters. On the other side I saw a solitary horseman splashing across the meadow*. I waved him back, but he took no notice and came on. I felt a hand o i my shoulder— it was that of my landlady, Mrs. Mackinaon. ' It's my eld man coming to meet me,' she said ; ' better to meet like this. Come, darliag:, come .to One great log, about one hundred feet long-, was still unmoved by the flood. My landlady ran out to tho end of it asd held up her arms like a cross. I knew what would happen ; any bushman would know. Mackinnon ro&e; straight on towards her, and got into the stream. In a moment the horse was off its legs, and in the terrible current was upBet, carrying Mackinnon under it. I saw the four feet of the horse in the air for a moment, and then I saw Mackinnon try ing'.to swim towards his wife. Then she jumped off the log and tried t« clutch him, and then they were both in one another's arms, and then two more ruined souls, lovisg each other almost to inadnesa, went down the wild stream t» death. 