ODD NOTES.—BY A BOHEMIAN. THE more the education question is dis- <*> cussed, the less the disputants understand each others and both go on reiterating the same arguments or assertions in much the same words, in the hop* or belief that mew repetition will, in time, convince their opponent*. This it a mistake. It would be far better for both to begin again at the very beginning. Suppose jou and I, gentle reader—of course you are " gentle," or you wouldn't read these Notes suppose we start the thing afresh ? First of all, then, who are thecontroTersialists ? Knocking off a few person*, here and there, who hare crotohety doubts about the benefits of education to children who will have to earn their living by manual labor j the duty or the right of the State to insist upon all children under its juris diction being educated t the practicability of carrying out such a scheme j and minor objec tions of a fimilar character —knocking off these, 1 say, we find that the controversy is between the general public, on the one side, and the clergy of the Roman Oatholio and Episcopalian Churches on the other. The chief point of dif ference is as to what does, or does not consti tute " religions education," such as ought to be imparted in Primary Sohools. Now, the kernel of the difficulty lies in the different meaning which each side attaches to the word " reli gious." The general publio mean by religion, just that amount of knowledge of God and the truths of Christianity, and that amount of prac tical and habitual love and reverence for both, which will make children grow up to be pure and good citizens. The clergy of the two Churches before- mentioned mean something altogether different from this. What they mean by religion is, such a perfect knowledge of the doctrines, practices, and traditions of their par ticular Churches as will make children grow up to be sound inflexible Boman Catholics or Epiicopalians; bumble and obedient to their " spiritual pastors and masters," and regarding with contemptuous pity everybody who does not belong to their Church. Do you see the difference.? Why it makes all the difference in the world to a man as to which of these two religions he has been trained in as a ohild. For, there's no denying the fact—only oatoh your child young enough, train him carefully, and, if he is not of a thoroughly bad breed, you may make just what sort of man you please of him. The prieata and Levites know this, bless you, just as well as you or I; and the present is to them a desperate struggle to get a fair hold of the youngsters direct y they are caught, and train them more carefully than they have trained any heretofore, as the poor fellows see clear enough now that this is their last chance of maintaining any vestige of priestly power and influence. They belong to Churches, remember, that for centuries past have been " State " Churohes, exercising va*t political and social power altogether apart from religious teaching. They are bent upon making the priesthood a distinct and largely privileged class, holding in absolute subjection the minds and consciences of the laity. Their Churches are ceasing to be State Churches, the prestige which attached to them as such is departing, and instead of realis ing their sacerdotal yearnings, the minds and consciences of their flocks are getting less and lesa under the control of the priests day by day. The Episcopalians are fucsing about ecclesiastical millinery, and placing at being Boman Catholics—while their Church has been disestablished in Ireland, and a vigorous effort is being made to disestablish it in England also. The Boman Catholio Church, as a political power, has cea*ed, or is on the eve of extinction, in Germany, France, Italy, and even ignorant, bigotted Spain. Popes and cardinals are found to be much the same as other men; and their bulls, excommunications, and heaviest spiritual artillery, instead of creating terror and submis sion, ai formerly, only cause rude gibes and boisterous laughter at its proved impotence. Here, in Queensland, the whole tone of thought, social and political, is so horribly democratic that, unless the tide can be turned by getting a firm grip upon the primary schools, sacerdotal pretensions will cot stand a ghost of a chance. Taken altogether, mind you, it's an anxious time just now for the parsons who aspire to be some thing more in the state than mere ministers of religion. What's the good of " common Chris tianity " to these men ? Palmer's bill has been staved off for a time, but the Board of Education are, in the mean* time, doing what they can to keep the teachers from co-operating with the parsons in the direc tion the latter most desire. The new regula tions, published on Saturday last, are a stopper on this—if the Board can get them faithfully carried out. Dare the General Inspector insist upon the regular use of the religious books in the Roman catholio Schools? I read the new regulations very carefully—and I like them. They art first-ral*, or p*rb*pi • trite brtttr than that, especially with referene* to thr teacher*. " A teacher," say* the 18th regal*. tion, " •hould be a person of Christian tenti ment, of calm temper and discretion, imbued with • »P«nt of P«m«. ot obedieno to the Uw and loyalty to the Sovereign» and should not only po**e*i the art of co» -mnnieating knowledge, but be capable of moulding the minds of youth, and of giving • useful direction to the power which eduoation oonfen. These are the qualities which the Board are anxious to find, to encourage, and to reward." And if any one wanta to know how tbe Board propose to " encourage and reward when they find a teacher to qualified—it* no qm looking at the scale of feea act forth in • regulation further on. From that scale of feet it it quite evident that tbe reward it lometbing more noble and elevating tban a paltry money payment. Perhapt it it considered that a liberal talary would take off tbe fine edge of the Chriatian sentiment, calm temper, spirit of peace, obedience to the law, loyalty to thy Sovereign, sod all the long Htt of virtue* re quired. No! when we consider that ordinary mechanics, carpenters, stonemasons, and brick layers, having no social or Christian virtue* worth • mention, earn their ten and twelve shillings per dsy-which is close ud to a £160 a year—the best qualified teachers in the employment of the Board are in no danger of being demoralised or ener vated by a superabundance of filthy lucre. A. boy goes to be pupil teacher at the salary he could get as errand boy. If be is an intelligent, industrious, and studious lad, taking readily to the " Christian sentiment" and all the other qualities required, he will, at the end of three years' hard work and application, be able to look forward to a salary of £60 a year. By con tinued study and application to bis particular duties for another thr*e years, he will have thoroughly unfitted himself for any other kind of occupation for the rest of his life | will be old enough to marry; and can look forward with calm contentment to a talary of £100 a year, with a chance of making it ten or even twenty pounds a year more by capitation allow ances. There are only three or four good prices to be gained under the Board* and these, among two or three hundred teachers, are not likely to distract their attention by ambitious yearning* for promotion. After a boy has graduated under tbe Board, and grown to marriageable age, if he cannot find a ruitable partner among the girl graduates, be will have to remain single all hit life, for his salary will not allow him the luxury of a wife who cannot take charge of the girl*' tchooL This is an admirable plan for keeping tbe teachers select. Tbe fees for adult teacher* who have not be<n trained under the Board are fixed npon the same frugal scale. Before th* schools were made free to tbe children, the fee*, in ordinary good times, averaged about nine pence per week per head, ranging, a* they did* from sixpence to eighteenpence a pupil. After the crisis of 1866 many persons could notpaj for their children, and the teacher* had instructions not to refuse admission to any child whose parents could not pay. A number of other parents who could afford to pay, finding that their neighbors' chil dren were taught free, got orders from tb* General Inspector, and sent their children in oft the same footing. By the year 1868 this »} steal had become so common that the fee* received were very ■•"all indeed. Then came fire* education, and for 1870 the teachers received from the Board tbe amount they bad received in 1869 for fees—a dear reduction of talary from tbe rate before tbe critis. At the end of 1870 the Board took the two worst year* the teacher* had ever known—lB6B and 1809— struck an average of the fees received daring those two years, found it fourpenee halfpenny per head per week, and adopted that a* tb* capitation fee for all future time. Now that th* prices of all the necessaries of life have rieea from 20 to 30 per cent., tbe teacher* find magnificent exercise for the •■Chriatian senti ment, calm temper, discretion, spirit of peace," and the other qualities the " Board are anxion* to find, to encourage, and to reward." lan anxiou* to find out in what the encouragement and reward consists, but have hitherto failed to discover it—strange to say, the teachers them selves don't seem to know. Curious, isn't UP And now I perceive that thit eduoation question has tquelnhed all my other " notes" out of thi* paper. Whenever anybody begins to write OB this subject, they can't pull up under a column or a column and a quarter, try how they will— another curious fact 1 A DtPUTiTioH, consisting of the Mayor and Town Clerk, waited on July 24, upon Hit Excel lenoy the Governor to present a memorial from the Municipal Council concerning the establish ment of a free library in Brisbane. Th* deputation was courteously received, and thy memorial, which was read by the Town Clerk* waa to the effect that the Council believed thai free libraries were absolutely necessary through out Queensland, and especially in Brisbane, tk* capital. The memorialists therefore requested that £5000 should be plaoed on the Supple mentary Estimates for 1873, for the formation, and £2500 annually for the maintenance, of a free library and deposit of research, with a branch for general reading and circulation. The arguments adduced in favor of the request were:—(l) The craving for knowledge created by the instruction given in our publio schools, especially since the establitbment of free educa tion} (2) that as the elective franchise had been so widely extended, tbe means of instruc tion should also be extended, in order to seewt Totes being given in an intelligent manners (3) that as bonuses had been given to aid in developing the various reeources of the colony, means should also be granted to found and maintain institutions affording, colonists free access to a selection of standard works j (4) that unless provision were made for the supply of sound and wholesome literature, of such a character as to satisfy the taste as well as th* demand for literary and scientific instruction, literature of a degrading character would neoes -1 larily find an introduction, the influence of which would be (o poison the fountain of par* thought or a desire for knowledge, while the consequent inorease of crime arising from it* perusal would involve a much larger tax on tbe country than that occurring, in the opinion of the memorialists, from supporting the preventa tive suggested." His Exoellenov, in reply, expressed bis commendation of the object sought for by tbe memorialists, but stated his inability to deal with tbe prajer of the memorial in his official capacity. He would, however, reoom mend the cititens of Brisbane to impress unon their members in tbe new Parliament the im portance of a frre library, while any assistanos he could personally give to the movement would afford him great pleasure. The deputa tion, having thanked His Kxcellenoy for hi« courtesy, then withdrew. Thb Fort Denison Time; complaining of the large proportion of German to English immi grants landed at Bowen, says:—lt »• a notice able fact that out of seven emigrant ships des patched and to be despatched during this year by Mr. Kirchner, from Hamburg, there is but one destined to debark at Brisbane. The men of the capital seem to prefer keeping the Bri tish immigrants for the Moreton District, and we do not blame them for that preference, bat we do not think they ought to be able to indulge it so freely at our expense, nor would they bo if, aa ws suggested last week, the districts had the voice in the apportionment of the immi gration fund that thoy ought to have. Borne havo misinterpreted the paragraph in our article lait week referring to the Herschel, and have taken us to mean that we objeoted to immi gration to this port. Nothing could be further from our meaning. What we did mean to find fault with was the manner in which the Her scbel is sent, which we considered, and still do consider, to be unjust both to the immigrants and to tbe employers of labor in the district, and calculated, in the long run, to injure the reputation of the district in tbe eyes of those who are comparing the merits of different colo nies with a view to tbe selection of a new home. As to tbe employers of labar, many of them live far away in the interior, perhaps two or tbre* weeks' journey from port, and are hardly aware of the arrival of the immigrants, much lest abb to reach tbe coast, before all, or at any rats), tM most of them art goo*. 