A RETROSPECT AND A PROSPECT. JUST thirteen short years have passed o'er us, They seem like a shadow gone by, Since Archer the great flash'd before us And won the first Cup—with a sigh We saw him depart with the second, We watched his most marvellous stride, And none who e'er saw him but reckoned A racehorse was wrapped in his hide. And then came the third won by Banker. The fourth by a Lantern was lit, A game little horse! what a spanker He led them whene'er he was fit. Old Toryboy's year was the next one. The next the Black Demon appeared, Tim's follow'd—and then—oh it vex'd one To see how our sportsmen were scared, When TAIT made his mind up to win it, And did so with gallant Glencoe, Not one of them claim'd to be in it Nor e'en had the ghost of a show. Then Warrior (another South Waler) Continued to keep up the funk And pale grew their lips and still paler When he ran home in front of the Monk. The tenth showed Tasmania victorious, The time was the fastest yet known, The finish was something most glorious By Lapdog and Nimblefoot shown. The Pearl and the Quack won the next two— Both owned by the clever JOHN TAIT, And now I am sadly perplex'd to Pick out the next winner—but wait While I ponder awhile on to-morrow, And make a few guesses thereon (To many the day will bring sorrow) When the race of the season is won. But who is to win is the question, Sir HERCULES? well p'raps he may, I venture to make a suggestion That may be of use on the day: His colt's in fine form, has no weight on, Then let him go right to the front, And keep there till fair in the straight run; He's able to bear all the brunt Of a neck and neck race with Don Juan, And Dagwortb, and Lapidist too, Horatio will then put the screw on, As well as the game Benjiroo. Should Woolamie be with his horses, He'll not be far out when it's o'er, But FITZ leads the van of the forces And one more has gone to the score (Already a long one) of winners Which Sydney has sent us each year, I can't find a rhyme except sinners. Fitz Yattendon wins! with a cheer For a sportsman, and one of the right sort, Sir HERCULES ROBINSON! Sir, I hope we shall show you some, bright sport, And heartily welcome you are To depart with the cup; should you win it: I think that your chance is immense, And when the champagne sparkles in it, "Here's a sportsman who spares no expense." 