LOCAL AND GENERAL. RACES AT OAK HILL, NORTH YASS. Ox Saturday lost, tho anniversary of tho Queen's birthday, racoB took place on tho Oakhill course, at North Yuss. The weather wns favourable, but tho attendance wns unusually limited, thero not being many more than ono hundred porsons on tho ground. Tho progrumiuo was got through without any contre temps, and the few ovents on tho card woro pretty well contostod, Tho fol lowing wns tho result : — Trial Stnkos of £5, for all horses ; woight for ago ; once and a half round the course. Mr. M. Ronrdon's br. g. Wondor, 4 yrs 1 My. T. Colls's ch. g. Auctioneer,- 4 yrs 2 Mr. W. Davis's blk. g. Doora, aged '.. 3 A good race, tho horses kooping woll together ; won by about a length. Quoon's Birthday Handicap of £10, for all horsos, to bo handicapped by tho stewards or whom they may appoint ; twice round tho course. Mr. E. Dempsoy's b. g. Standard, late Tallyrand, aged, 8 at. 4 lbs 1 Mr. Roardon's bl. b. Durkie, ngod, 7 st. 7 lbs. 2 Mr. E. Dompsoy's g. g. Dosoy, aged, 7 st. ... 3 A fair race, and won by about half a length. Tho Oakhill Purse of £7, for all horsos ; once and a half round the course. Mr. Roardon's br. h. Wonder, 4 years 1 Mr. Roardon's bl. h. Darkio, aged 2 Mr. W. Davis's br. h. Hubert, 2 yrs 3 The horsos ran nock' and neck up to tho stand, when a dog rushing into tho courso started tho two-year-old, causing it to bolt ofT tbo courso, and thus losing Hubert his chanco in tho race. Tho Consolation Sbakos of £ , for all horsos boaton, but not distanced, during tho day ; .to bo bandicappod ; once round tho courso. Mr. Rcardou's blk. h. Darkio, aged 1 Mr. W. Davis's br. h. Huborbj-2 yrs 2 Mr. Dompsoy's g. g. Dosey, aged ... 3 Throe hack racos followed, onch of which was won hy Mr. D. Mackinnon, junior's, horse Mur- runibidgoe. Mr. Jaraos, of North Yass Inn, had a booth on tho course, and Mr. Shookoy had a fruit and cako stall, oach of which was modoratoly woll patronised, considering tho small attendance on tho courso. The Municipal Election. — Yesterday was tho last day for lodging nominations of candidates with the Returniiig-ollicor, Mr. L. Yates, J. P. As will ho soon from tho undormentionod list thero is to bo a contest, in onch of the throo wards, should those namod doeiclo to go to the poll. For Humo Ward thoro aro six nominated, namoly, Mossrs. James Penrse, sonior, Yass Hivor; J. T. Sampson, Joshua Shipwny, Michnol Conlon, Ilirnm Quinn, and Jas. P. Ritchie. For Hardy Ward six nominations havo also boon lodgod — Messrs. Jamos Wood, Arthur F. RoiUr mington, Jnmos Cottroll, Thomas Colls, Joseph Alexandor Robinson, and Patrick Shookoy. For O'Brion Ward, for which at ono time it was thought thoro would be no contest, eight candi dates are namod — Mossrs. William Tanswoll, Hugh Beattio, Thomas Walsh, John Lyons, Roes Jonos, Jnmos Grovonor, Elijah Howard, nnd William McBoan. Out of tho twenty, wo havo no doubt that nino "good men nnd trno" can oasily bo solcctod by tho ratopayors. There will bo no contest for tho offico of auditor, only tho rcqnirod numbor hnving boon nominated, namoly, Mossrs. F. Loatharb and W. J. C. Seurr. The Queen's Birthday. — On last Saturday ovoning the stroots of Yass woro quite throngod with pedestrians, old and young, out to witnoss tho liroworks, illuminations, &.c. Tho windows of tho Globo llotel, Mr. Howard's hoot nnd shoo wnrohouso, and otlior plncos, woro brilliantly lighted up with candlos nently arranged, nnd hnd quito a gay appearance, wliilo tho London IIouso (Mr. Loathart's) had tho lottor.i V R, of largo sizo, tnstofully hung with vnriegatod lamps. Bonfires, over a dozen in number nnd of largo sizo, blnzed on all tho surrounding hoights_ as woll ns in several parts of tho town, wliilo burning tar-barrols, fire-halls, aud fireworks of ull sorts, kopt tho young folks busily engaged through out tho ovoning. The Globo Hotol was par ticularly tho rendezvous of tho sight-soors, ns Mr. Shipwny's 'stock of liroworks for variety and quantity seemed to bo nlmost inexhaustible. Tho lattor gentleman also started throe balloons on thoir travols in tho uppor regions, and as tho night was calm thoy ascendod to agrontnltitudo, woro thon drifted away to tho south-east, and wore speedily lost to view. Tho Commercial Ilotol was also a scono of attraction owing to tho varioty of liroworks thero discharged. Tho fun and noise had scnrcoly ceased at midnight. Oddfellows' Ball. — Tho ball in nidof th0 Odd- follows' band fund took placo at tho Mechanics' Instituto on last Friday ovoning. Thoro woro betweon seventy and eighty porsons present, nnd dancing was kopt up with spirit till about four next morning. Tho large hall was woll lightod, the drosses quito gay, tho music oxcellont, and tho various dnuoos quickly succooded oach othor to tho delight of thoso prosont. Tho supper providod gavo tho utmost satisfaction. Mr. Shookoy was tho cntoror, honco failure in this lattor departraont was impossible. The Government Stable.— Amootingof mngis trntos was callod for yesterday, at half-pnst ton a.m., to forward a protest to the Minister for Works against tho oroction of a stablo and coach house in front of tho Court- house. As wo have already stated in thoso columns, tho magistrates do not dosiro the stablo to bo oroctod, nnd if such is to bo forced upon thorn, thoy nro anxious to iiavo it oroctod olsowhoro, and not on tho sito soleotod. Notwithstanding tho strong fooling oxprossod privately on tho matter, strango to sny tho mooting lupsod, Mossrs. Williams, Cottroll, and Yatos boing tho only members of tho bench who attjndod. Wo hopo tho work will not havo progrossod too far to bo couiitorinandod by tho time tho Municipal Council will havo boon oloctodand in working ordoiy for tho carolossnoss or indifforonco of the absent mombors of tho bench provo that it is not before tirno that tho public intorcsts of tho town will bo committed to othor hands. Chown Lands. — A loose of G40 ncrcs of Crown land, situated in the parish of Mundoonan, county of King, was submitted to public competition nt tho Court- house yostorday by tho Crown lunds ngont. Tho loaso was socurod by Mr. Thomas Bailoy, Chain of Ponds, at tho npsot prico of £1. Mechanics' Institute.— Wo aro glad to bo ablo to nnnonnoo that tho appointmont of librariun nnd housokoopor, as mado by.- tho committoo at its mooting last Waduosday ovoning, hns fnllon through, and that a mooting is to bo hold this ovoning to soloct a substitute from tho candidates for tho offico. The Railway Survey.— We undorstnnd that over £320 havo boon subscribed to moot tho cost of t ho proposod privato survoy. Unless tho list is incroased to at loast £400 by noxt Friday, it is not unlikoly that tho committoo will declino to procood furthor with tho matter. Insolvency. — A third mooting in tho insolvent estnto of William Myles will take plnco to-day, boforo tho district commissioner in insolvency, at tho Court-house, Ynss, nt oloven a.m., for tho proof of debts ngainst tho said ostato, and to roceivo tho report of tho offioial assignoo as to tho thon condition of tlio samo ; also, for giving him diroctions as to its future managomeut, nnd as to whether tho creditors will permit tho said in solvent to retain for his own uso his liousohold furniture, wonring appnrol, bods, bodding, nnd toots of trade, or nny part thoroof rospoocivoly. New Post- Office. — A post-offico will shortly be oponod at Murrumbatoman. It is expected that Mr. Hugh Vnllnnco will be appointod post master. — Murrumbateman. — Efforts aro boing mado to raise funds for tho oroction of a Protestant church .at Murrumbatoman — tho building to bo oqunlly )ut the sorvice of tho Church of England, Prcsby- !torian, and Wesleyan minister's. A considorablo amount has alroady been subscribed, and thoro is littlo doubt but that a sufficient sum will bo pro cured to comploto tho work. Formerly tho pro visional school building was used for divino sorvico, but since it was declared a public school its uso for religious services has been refused.- Insolvency Court. — On Friday, in tho estato of John Shaw, a third meeting was hold. Tho fol lowing proofs wore ndmittod :— John Exton, £21 17s. 6(1.; — Lewis, £44 19s.; Joint Stock Bank, £44 19s. lOd. Tho official assignee read his re port, and tho creditors unanimously allowed in- solvont to rotoin his household furuituro and wearing apparel. Tho mooting closod. Surrender.— Robort Sims, of Grenfoll, doalor. Liubilitios, £207 10s., of which £140 is socurod. Assets, £145. Mr. Sompill, official assignoo. Adelong. — Tho undermentioned gentlemen havo boon appointod additional mombors of tho public school board, in connection with tho public school ostablishod at Adolong, viz. : — Messrs. William John Shelloy and Androw Smith. Sale op Station.— Mossrs. Richard Gibson and Co., of Molbourno, sold by privato contract, on Friday, Wallu Walla station, Murrumbidgoo district, with 30,000 shoop and 9000 acres pur chased land, to Mossrs. Menzios, Kicoll, and Douglas, at prico withhold. Burglary at Bubrowa.— On tho night of Thursday last, or oarly on Fridny morning, Mr. Isaao Stovenson's general storo, in Brial-stroot, was ontored by tho door at tho roar, and tho con tents of the till — amounting, wo bolievo, to about 17s. 6d. — quietly and feloniously abstracted. Fortunatoly, Mr. Stevenson bad, boforo closing tho store on Thursday evening, romovod tho cash-box to his private residence ; otherwise the cool and impudent exploit of the enterprising speculator — as yot unknown — would hnve occa sioned a sorious nnd npprociablo loss to tho pro prietor of tho prcmisos. It appoars that tho intruder obtained access to tho building in a vory simplo mannor— viz., by moans of a koy takon from tho pantry door, which key likowiso fitted tho lock of tho storo door. As nought is missing but tho silver loft in tho till, it is ovidont that cash alone was tho burglar's objoct, and not tho acquisition of miscellaneous plnndor. Tho mattor has boon placod in tho hands of tho polico ; but as thoy havo nothing rnoro tangible than suspicion to guiilo thom towards an oluoidntion of tho mystery in which tho act is shroudod, wo foar that thoir efforts to discovor tho nornotrator will provo porfoctly unavailing. - -Advocate. Kissing Goes liv Favour. — Wliilo Govornmont officials aro thrusting a stablo nnd coach-houso upon tho Yass bonch of magistrates ngainst thoir inclination, a parsimonious courso of con duct nppoars to prevail with roforonc.1 to ono or two othor localities. Tho Wagga Wagga Express, in spoaking of tho amount of businoss transacted at tho locul land offico, and of tho misorly mannor in which tho Govornmont treats tho officor in charge, hns tho following : — In tho prosont yoar, up till Thursday last, tho numbor of applicants wns no loss than 45S. During tho first qunrtor, ending 31st March, tho amount rocoivod for con ditional purchnsos wns ns much as £11,221 8s. lid. ; for auction soloctions, £21S4 10s. Gd. ; and for auction salos, £610 12s. lOd. ; making a total of £14,019 12s. 3d., for tho throo months only, or at tho rato ol £56,000 por annum 1 This largo amount of businoss is transacted hy ono officor (without clerical nssistnnco of any kind), who is bnrdonod with numerous othor nnd equally onerous duties. Tho room in which ho sits is nlmost devoid of offico furuituro, nnd is n dis- graco to any Government officer." Tho Albury Banner statos— "that tho last sontonco might with equal forco bo applied to tho Albury land offico, whoro ovon a largor amount of businoss is transacted than at Wagga Wagga. Tho sum rocoivod nt tho Albury offico during tho first qunrtor of tho present yoar for deposits and intorost, was £14,G9S 2s. Gd. Othor foIos pro duced £S785, making n total of £23,483. This boing nt tho rato of over £93,000 por annum ! It will hardly bo boliovod that in tho faco of thoso facts tho Govornmont doclino to provide tho land officor with ordinary offico nocossnrios iu tho way of furniture, that tho vory chairs in uso nro borrowed, one' that important hooks and pnpors havo to bo stackod upon tho floor — for want of any othor rocoptnclo. This, too, is an offico whoro alroady a qunrtor of a million of acros havo boon disposed of." Threatening to Prevent a Minister from Preaching. — Tho Maryborough and Dunolly Ad vertiser pnblishos tho report of an extraordinary enso hoard at tho Inglowood Polico Court on tho 15th instant. . Robort Fairbrother, of Bridgo- water, millor, nnd Mnrtha Fairbrother, his mothor, woro chnrgod boforo E. K. Ormo, P.M., nnd P. Roy, J. P., with endeavouring to prevent by throats a minister of roligion from colobrnting Divino worship. Tho information, which Was laid by Mr. Jamos Wingfiold, ono of tho trustoos of tho Wosloynn church nt Bridgowator, sot forth that tho dofondants on tho 6th of April "did un- lawfully, wilfully, mnliciously, and. contemptu ously" ondonvonr. to provont a ministor of roligion, Robort Wnlkor Campboll, from colo brnting divine sorvico in tho Wosloynn chapel nt Bridgowator. Tho dofondant Robort Fairbrother hnd boon paying his addresses to a Miss Mooro, of Bridgowator, and was at or.o time regarded ns hor accepted lovor. Mr. Cnmpholl at tho samo timo had chargo of tho Inglowood circuit, and frcqnontly officiated at Bridgowntor. For somo ronson tho ongngomont with Fairbrothor wns brokon oil", nnd Mr. Cnmpholl woood and won tho young ludy's nffcctions. This soomod to havo such an oll'oct upon tlio mother and son that thoy hnd boon froquontiy lionrd to thrcnton that thoy would novor lot Mr. Campboll proach at Bridgowator. During the circuit changes Mr. Campboll had boon romovod from Inglowood, and on tho 4th of April camo to Bridgowator, nnd from thut timo throats woro mado against him, and culminatod on tho Gfh inst., whon tho dofondants mot him nnd Miss Mooro on thoir way to tho church, nnd publicly accused tho young lndy of immorality. Thoy subsequently ontorod tho church, and interrupted tlio sorvico so much thnt Mr. Campboll hnd to lenvo tho pulpit ar.d go for n policomnu. Tho chairman of t.ho bonch said that Robort Fairhi othor had behaved in a most disroputablo and disgraceful manner, but as thoro wns no ovidonco against him showing that ho had throntoned at Bridgo wator to disturb tho sorvico thoro, ho was dis charged. Against Martha Fairbrothor it was thought tho ovidonco was abundant, and sho was committed to take hor trial at tlio Sandhurst Circuit Court on tho 22nd July, bail being nllowod prisoner in £100, and two surotios of £50 oach. An Australian Actress. — Last wook a young Australian lady rocoivod a porfect ovation at tho hands of tho Molbourno public. On Thursday ovoning, "Oasto" wns plnyod for tho bonolit of Miss Shoppnrdo. Shortly after tho termination of " Oasto," tho curtain again roso, and discover ed Miss Hattio Shoppnrdo, Dr. Martin, Dr. Neild, Mr. J. Whitomnn, M.L.A., und Mr. G. Browne, C.E. Dr. Martin said : Miss Shoppnrdo, — It is my vory ploasing privilege this ovoning to pro sont you with a diamond bracolot, togothor with a lifo membership of the Dramatic Socioly, from a numbor of gentlomoii who havo watcliod with prido aud satisfaction yonr distinguished caroor, and who havo uuitod in the general opinion that by tho gohius and intolligonco which direct your impersonations ; tho study and ovidont caro bostowod by yon upon your nrt ; by your raro personal advantages ; tho charming graco,, olognnco, and refinement of your acting; nnd also hy your oxaltod privnto virtues, you havo dignified and adornod tho Molbourno stage. That yon aro yourself an Australian nativo, and that your imputation is puroly Australian, rondors your prosont position ontiroly croditablo to you. You may rest assured that whorovor tho o.xigon- cios of your profession may cnuso yon to roam, you will carry with you tho bost wishos of tho Molbourno public. I havo only further to oxpross n vory confident opinion thnt you will yotachiovo still highor honours in your profession, nnd a hopo that you will always be found winning, as you aro now, tho admiration and rospect of tho Molbourno public. St. Mary's Cathedral. — A public mooting wns hold on Friday, in tho hull of St. Mnry's Seminary, to roceivo tho report- of tho Cathodral Fund Com mittoo, nnd to tnko measures for continuing tho building. Tho Most Rov. John Bedo Folding, 'tho Roman Catholic Archbishop, prosidod. Thoro wns a vory numerous nttondunce, tho hall being crowdod in ovory part. Archbishop Polding, who was evidently sullbring from a severe cold, said that were it not for tho groat work thut had cnllod thom togothor he did not think ho should havo hnd courage to address the mooting. That work wns, howovor, so important, tho retrospect was so satisfactory, tho prosont was not other- wiso, and tho fuluro soomod to him so glorious, that ho folt coustrainod to say something at all ovents. To tho past thoy lookod with great satisfaction. And considering tho circumstancos of tho colony — that God in his great goodness and swoot providonco had oponod boforo lis u timo of prosperity such ns tlio colony had not known, ho might say, from tho beginning of its oxistenco — ho thought that, looking to the future, they had something vory oncouruging to choor thom. Ho pointod to tlio glorious odificos that hud boon orocted in Europo by our forofuthors, and asked whothor wo might not contemplate with satisfaction, without nt the samo time being selfish, tho fuct that tho samo spirit which actuntcd our forofuthors wns actuating tho people of tho antipodes, in raising structures of tho samo character, to tho glory of God and tho salvntion of men. They would not bo truo to thoir vocation woro they to Bhrink from tho task boforo them. Ho thought thoy had roason to congratulate themselves upon what had boon accomplished. And now thoy must look forward aud consider what tbey might do in the iuture. For somo time nothing bad boon dono to tho now cathodral." But it was not altogether a timo of inortuess, for thoy had boon cloaring away a groat dobt. And ho could not horo rofrain from saying how much thoy woro iudobtod to tho oxortions of tho Yory Rov. Donn M'Carthy — (applause) — for tho oxtinction of that dobt. It wus now, with tho oxcoption of a vory small sura of about £60, wipod off. And what was that sum to wonlthy Australians? It wns not much to thoso who had tho hearts of Catholic Australians, and tho moans which Catholic Australians hncl rocoivod from Almighty God, nnd which should bo tisod to God's groator glory and honour, arid tho salvntion of souls. Suroly what .thoy had ro coivod should flow bnck towards Hira in tho propor channels. And cortninly ono of those chuunols was that which lod thom to contribute according to thoir means towards tho building of tlio totnplo, in which tho rites of thoir holy religion might bo followod out in all their splondour. (Applnuso.) IIo hnd now especially to bring boforo tho mooting tho lubours of tho committoo, particularly tho labours of tho Rov. Doau M'Carthy. (Ohoors.) Thoro was a timo whon thoro was a hoavy dobt upon tho building. Thoro was a timo wliou tho building did not oxist. Bnt thoy now could witnoss how much had boon dono, nnd cortninly ho thought that what had boon accomplished wns sufficiont to oncourngo thom to go on and do moro. IIo was porhaps more udvnncod in yonrs tlinn any ono prosont at that mooting. And undoubtedly he had not that prospect of lifo which many or most of. thorn had, nnd cor.sidorod thoir own. But it cortninly would bo a comfort to him wero it givon to him, through tho gonorosity of his people, through thoir romombrnnco of his forty years labour amongst thom, to soo tho completion of tho building so far thnt ho might witnoss tho sacrifice of Mass within its walls, boforo Almighty God callod him to his gront ncconnt. It would comfort him, even ns agod Simoon wns comfortod whon, taking his hlossod Lord into his arms, ho said, " Now, O Lord, thou dost dismiss mo iu poaco." Lot him only soo tho walls of thoir now cathedral raised to tho propor height, and bo prosont at tho adorable sacritico — oven though ho could not himself offer it — and ho might soy ovou with tho samo gratitude with which tho ngod Siinpon declared, thnt tho consummation of his wishos hnd beon grnntod. Ho should fool that ho had loft tlio grontost blessing ho could loavo to his pooplo. £38,000 had alroady beon oxponded on tho building. And all thnt ho dosirod was that £3S,000 moro should bo rnisod, so that tho walls could bo continuod, and tho roof placed on. And would it not ho n day of rojoicing whon thoy woro ablo to stand undor thnt roof, and oxclaim, ' " Wo bless, O Lord, wo confess thoo to bo our God." Several resolutions woro passed, and about £300 subscribed at tho mooting. The Border Duties.— Tho last communication from Mr. Francis, Chief Secrotary of Victoria, rospocting tho Border dutios question, has boon under tho consideration of tho Govornmont of this colony, and by tlio City of Adolaido, which loft Sydnoy a day or two ago, Mr. Parkos sont a roply covoringa second convention duly oxocutod on tho part of tho Govornmont. This second convention embodies such of Mr. Francis's amendments ns this Govornmont considered lt- solf justifiod in assenting to. Bnt wo under stand thut his proposals for limiting tho facilities for tho transmission in bond of goods from tho port of Molbourno to tho Rivor Murray havo not boon nssontod to by this Govornmont. We undorstnnd also that this Govornmont dissontod from Mr. Francis's proposod amendment in cluuso 5 of the first convention, to tlio efi'oct that nny incrcnso in tho lump sum to bo paid to Vic toria should bo rogulatod by tho amount of now dutios imposed by tho Logislat-nro of this colony in oxcoss of tho dutios now loviublo in tho colony of Victoria. — S. ill. Herald. A Molbourno tomo gram, datod Friday, statos that, tho Border Dutios Convention rocoivod from Sydnoy will bo accopt- ed by this Govornmont. A New Cause op Alarm. — Tho Daily Telegraph says: — Mr. John Blair, L.R.O.S., is ro3ponsiblo for a now alarm. Ho has road a papor to tho Medical Socioty in which ho doclaros that that distressing disoaso, hydatids, is extraordinarily provnlont in Victoria. Icolatul has hitherto boon doomod tho great soat of tho disoaso, but Victoria rivals Iceland in tlio ill-omonod fumo. In Icoland no caso has boon mot with in which tho brain or tho oyo was tho part affoctod ; but horo tho optics aro attackod, and it is now, says Mr. Blair, " nob a c|uostion what organs aro invostod by tho . cchinococei, but what organs nro not." Now, just ns small-pox camo from tho enmol, hydatids aro supposed to he sproncl by tlio dog, and, snys Dr. Blair, doos not this fact "convoy a vory salutary admonition to the ladies of tho period who cannot li vo or movo without thoir poodles? Might I nob gravely nsk tlio question, hns tho outburst of poodlo fevor not something to do with tho sprond of this disonso ? Tho Jcoluudor almost livos with his dogs, thoy being his source of living. Tho Australian black is in tho samo position, and hydatid disoaso iB common to both. Might this suggostion not ho carriod furthor, and sot tho polico to rid the city nnd suburbs, and our pnrk lands, on which tlio city hord pnsturo, of thoso mangy curs which prowl about by day and howl by night? " Evhinoeocei or no cchinococei, poaco- nblo housoholdors nro with Dr. Blair to a man. Doath to tho poodles ! Death to tho mangy inonstors thut prowl hy day ! And for thoso canino Mncboths thnt howl by night— that murder sloop — Innocent .sleep ; Sleep that knits up the ravelled sleeve of care— a treble douth to thom. A Destructive Maize Fly. — Tho Mailland Mercury of Tuesday statos that foars aro onter- tainod that tho oarly mnizo crop (now fit for gathering) is boing attackod by an insoct in n mannor that will soriously nll'oct tho yiold. Somo cobs of maize from tho vicinity of Wullis Crook, Louth Park, mid Dagworth, appear to bo attacked by a small fly botwoon tho rows, liko tlio woovil, which oats its way into tho grains. Many of tho grains havo small holos in thorn, and upon opon- ing thoso grains n grub is discoverod buriod in tho contre. Complaints havo also como from Phcenix Park, Nnrrowgut, and Bolwarrn, of n similar post, but as yot it is hardly known to what extent tho plaguo will affect tho crop ; bnt judging from tlio appoaranco of tho cobs we havo soon, wo should think it by no moans inconsider able. This is boliovod to bo tho first nnponrnuco of tho pest in question, nono of our farmers in this neighbourhood having noticed it previously. It has boon romarkod that tho cobs most affoctod aro thoso that suffered tho severest from tho rocont moinorublo hailstorm. Whoro tho mark of injury from tho hnil is conspicuous, thoro tho inBocts uro to bo found most nuraorous. With rogard to tho iato mnizo crop, somo of tho farmors npprohend danger from tho frost-bito. A Heartless Creditor. — A enso that, from tlio facts boforo tho court, nppoars to disclose ono of the most hoartloss 'transactions over porpotrulod, was hoard by his Honor Judgo Pohlmnn this morning. It was an application for tho dis charge of a porson namod Robort Buchanan, who had boon arrostod oil a warrant issued undor a fraud summons at tho instance of a creditor named Jamos Gamoron, tlio fraud summons hav ing boon issuod on nn ordor for tho payment of costs in nn notion. Tho warrant for tho nrrostof Buchanan had boen placod in tlio hands of Craw- ford, ono of tho court 'binlifis, but ho, having heard that tho debtor hud boon vory ill, nnd also that ho hud sick children ovon thon in tho hoiisc, declined to oxecuto it. Mr. Cumorou, liowovor, insisted that tho officor should do his duty, and thereupon tho lattor procoedod with him to tho honso of Buchanan. Thoy found a mourning coach nt tho door, and lenrut thut ono of tho dobtor's children bad died on tho provious dny, nnd that it wns just about to bo buriod. Evan in tbo fuco of this Camoron dosirod tho officor to procood with tho execution of tho warrant, ovon if it rondorod tlio attondanco of tho father at tho grave of his child impossible. To his honour, bo it said, Crawford positivoly rofused to do any thing of tho sort, and Buchanan was conso- quontly allowod to go to tho fpneral. Still Cameron was detormiued, and having kopt tho ofTicor at tho house until tho funeral returned,' had his unfortunate dobtor arrostod thoro and thon; and walkod olT to gaol. This morning an application was mado by Buchanan's wifo, and on hor affidavit and that of tho bnilifT, his Honor Judge Pohlman, acting undor the authority vost- ed in him by a clause of tho County Court Act, at once ordorod tho discharco of tho Drisonor. — Melbourne Herald. Parliament Mace for Fur.— Mr. C. L. Quist, of Huntor-stroot, Sydney, has just executed an order rocoivod, through Messrs. Kobono, Foe/,, and Co.," for his II. F. M. Thnkombou, King of Fiji. This ordor is tho artistic ornnmontation of a war club of tho Fijian potontate, which lias boon adapted to tho poncoful usos of a Parlinmoutary rnaco ; and a vory handsomo ono it innkes. Tho maco is rathor moro than fonr'feet lor.g, of a dark closo-grainod wood, richly adorned with wroatlis of forn loaves, &c.;, in frosted silver. Thoso loavos are twined round tho club, which is much wider at tho top than nt tho lower oxtromity. In two openings formod by tho forn loavos aro two dovos with olivo bronchos — taken from tho national arras of Fiji. At tho top of tho club is tho eight- barrod Fijian crown, surmounted with its nino-pointod crosslot; tho wholo of solid silver, frostod and burnished. At tho lowor ond of tho maco thoro is a circlet of oxidized silvor, enriched with wronths, forn leavos, and dirninu- tivo palm-troos. Upwards of sixty ounces of -silvor have boon used for tho decoration of this maco, which is nt onco an appropriate and very beautiful omblom of tho great chango which civilisation is bringing nbout in Fiji. It is understood that this maco (for which a handsomo caso has boon made) is to bo sont down to Lovnka by tho Duko of Edinburgh (s.), on hor next trip. — S. M. Herald. Breach of Promise.— Tho Tuapeha Times is responsible for tho following:— "It is rumoured that a enso will, during tho presont your, bo tried, which, from tho oxultod station of one of tho partios, will far transcond in intorost any that has ovor come boforo a colonial court. Evoryono knows thnt our now Governor, Sir James Forgusson, was recently married to a wealthy South Australian lady, and tho story of tho young gontloman who claimed to havo boon proviously ongagod to hor will bo so frosh as to rondor recapitulation unnecessary. It is now stated that a "Wellington logal firm has rocoivod instructions from tho rojoctod suitor to commence an action for broach -of pr.omiso of marringo against Lady and Sir Jamos Forgusson immedi- diatolyupon thoir arrival. in thocolony. Damagos aro to bo laid ut £50,000 1" The last Ghost Story.— Tho Forbes Times rolatos tho following story of a stump: — "Not a hundred milos from Forbos a lady had recontly lost hor husband by death, and aftor tho first ebullitions of grief wore ovor, sot to work to arrange tho business affairs -of hor docoasod partnor. Tho absenco of somo lotters which woro supposed to oxist caused hor considerable anxiety ; high and low they woro sought for but all in vain, until at last tho disconsolato and anxious widow was thundorstruck by tho con sciousness that tho departed ono was at hor sido. Seoing tho cause of hor perplexity, and consoious cf his power to put things to right, ho lod his 'erstwhile wifo to a stump at tho roar of tho promises ; put in his hand, and drawing out tho missing lottors handed them to hor. In the ex uberance of hor now-flodgod joy sho bogan to bo domonstrativo, but sho was romindod in sepul chral tones that prying oyos and oars woro observant of tho intorviow, nnd seoing that sho had tho lottors snfe, ho doportod whonco he camo." Interesting Efisode. — An ineidont, amusing to ovory ono but tho porson concorned, occurrod at an inquost on tho body of a marriod woman who diod during hor confinement. Ono of tho jurymon summoned had, it appoars, his own wifo in n critical condition. Ilolf-au-hour aftor ho was sworn in, whilo tho coronor was busy with the ovidonco, a shoet of notopapor was handod to him. It contninod tho words, in blue pencilling, " Wifo vory ill ; coino immodialoly." The juryman became much discomposed, and tho communication was hondod to tho coroner. Tho coronor ndmonishod tho unoasy husband that ho should havo pleaded tho condition of his wifo's health boforo boing sworn in. It was intimntod that ho could not bo sparod roadily, ond as tho next host thing a mossongor wns dispatched to the juryman's rosidonco to nscortniu whothor Mrs. could disponso for a short timo with her husband's prosonco. A short timo olapsod, and tho mossengor arrived, smiling blandly, and bearing anothor noto with tho words, " Wifo all right. _ Got a daughter. IIow do you liko it?" A smilo of satisfaction ovorsprcad tho coun tenance of tho happy and ro-nssured paront as ho pockotod tho papor. — Gcclong Advertiser. IIolloway's Ointment and Fills.— Coughs, Influenza. — Tho soothing proporties of thoso medicamonts rondor thorn woll worthy of trial in all disoasos of tho respiratory organs. In com mon colds and influonza tho pills, taken in ternally, and tho ointmont rubbod ovor tho chest and throat; nro cxcoodingly ollicncious. Wlion influonza is opidomic, this troatment is tho easiest, snfost, and surost. Ilolloway's pills purify tho blood, removo nil obstacles to its freo circulation through tho lungs, roliovo tho ovor- gorgod air tubes, nnd ronder respiration froo, without reducing tho strongth, irritating the r.orvos, or depressing tho spirits; such nro tho ready moans of escaping from sufferings inflicted , by colds, coughs, bronchitis, asthma, and othor chost complaints, by which tho hoalth of many pcoplo is seriously nnd pormnnontly injured in every country. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. — Gentlomon, — I feel it a duty I owo to you to oxpross my gratitudo for tho gront bonofit I havo dorivod by taking 'Norton's Camomile Fills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Boll, Borkeloy, for tho nbovonnmod Pills, for wind in tho stomach, from which I sufl'ored oxcrucioting pain for n length of timo, liuving tried nonrly ovory romody proscribed," but without doriving any bonofit at nil. Aftor taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I wns quite rostored to my usual stoto of lionlth. .Plonso givo this publicity for tho bonofit of thoso who may bo thus nlllictod. — I nm, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allfass.— To tho proprietors of N ORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 