SQUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday. Thanksgiving services for an abundant harvest were, held in the Anglican churches yesterday. A large bush fire is. raging in the vicinity of the Mount Lofty ranges ; fires are also burning in other directions. Five inches of rain fell in one day at Port Darwin recently. Sale at Wooragee. — A highly important sale of freehold property, oats, wheat, hay, draught horses, cattle, fanning implements, etc., will take place at.Gill's Half -Way Hotel, Wooragee, on Wednesday (to-morrow). The property to be offered comprises the Half- Way Hotel, a farm of ninety acres, including a vineyard of six acres, and all the requisites for the proper working of the farm and hotel. A quantity of household furniture, 800 gal lons of colonial wine, blacksmiths' tools, etc., will also be submitted to public competition. Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., will conduct the sale, which will be positively without reserve. Estate of Mr H. Clehenger. — We under stand that the premises, Ford-street, Beech- worth, belonging to the estate of Mr H. Clemenger, storekeeper, were disposed of yesterday, for the sum of £1025 ; the pur chaser being Mr W. J. Greer. Bazaar and Bruce Auction. — A bazaar and Bruce auction, in aid of . the funds of the Beeehworth Presbyterian Church, will be held in St. George's Hall, on Wednesday (to morrow), and the following day. Great pre parations. have been working by the ladies of the congregation for some time past, and there will be a wonderful display of articles useful and ornamental, or both, in the various stalls, when unheard of bargains will be dispensed more especially to bachelors. In order to increase the attractions there will be music and singing in the evening. Sale of Dwelling House and Furniture. —Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will offer for sale by auction, this day, on the premises Spring Creek, opposite the Gaol, the brick and weatherboard dwelling house, garden household furniture and effects, belonging to Mr Snook, builder, who is leaving "the colony. Deposits in Post-offtof Sittv-m t? . — It is notified that from and after the 1st proximo interest at the rate of three per cent per annum will be allowed on deposits in the post-office savings banks. Repeating Messages on the Anglo-Aus- haS b86n officially notified y the deputy post-master general that the rate for repeating a message to the station from which it was originally sent over the British and Australian telegraph' lines has usual UC6fd frm double t0 one-half the message6 traa3misaio11 of « ordinary Bed Jacket Quartz Mtvi-vr. n oSrTte,;rdinary haif-yeat Of the shareholders in the Bed Jacket Quart? Company (registered), was held at the m, ' ®mple Court, Melbourne, on Fridav 2f rfepforted 8ince a» ist Jnfy ast 371 tons of stone had been crushed, yield! ing 8o2 ozs In that part of the claim known carried oTt?? T prospectin8 been sXT a , 80 ar Wlth0ut satisfactory re- fWas ffic?a6r T 6bad been PohasedTand is was m contemplation to erect a wbooi S. Ritchie, andi W Jarn;„ 1- kon, S. were re-elUw "Wireotere, pede5ikianism at Beechworth. Was a considerable assemblage on >_> Be. , worth Cricket Ground .yesterday nh;.r,.., £> to witness the performance of Mr who had undertaken to walk sew-.-. within an hour. Apart from the ped-shia who wended their way to the cour<0 awi- four o'clock, and piously paid their at the gate, there were also horsemen ja siderable numbers, and well-filled m . After a short delay., ten entries we , „ j for the 150 yards handicap, and the .L;, pers, who kindly consented to act, on ;Le of tho moment, placed them as miio Scratch— E- Warden, B. M. Ayto,. ,n. m'Bean ; 5 yards, H. Edwards, t. i„v,4 10 yards, 3. Brown, M. Downes, j j, and D. Burnes ; IS yards, G. Andei (a 'q of 12, and a very pretty runner at t-batj. : started, M'Bean being the absenwe, . J. Turner doing the pistol ijaS;ae;, r, The start was a . capital one, ,j.; whole lot getting well anaj d ulltf but it was a hollow affau. wii:.., lY0 " hands down," and nevei was ; u,JOa,? extend himself. E. Warden, wIn gamely, was second, and It. 51. Au.,;,, The handicappers would ceitamh I;aT. «iven the winner 10 yards stait, n known as much of his pedestrian antecedents, as there were" a score of people to convey to them — after the nice. ... -hoi - time having elapsed — the champion, ..ards, - pat in an appearance in full racing mm. sbF- took a preliminary spin round the course, which was one of 220 yards, mark,-, .-.athy flags, on the cricket ground, the hmdicapr, being run on the straight He eveij inch a " walker," and it is only juan-a io him ! to say, - that all present, and there many "who had witnessed similar in the old country, agreed that - mors' thoroughly, fair, straightforward and ,;heel and toe" pedestrian never >. ...c-Joj any ground. Mr Edwards iucteed gamed thui admiration of ail the numerous o;i-iookeg,; He did the first round of 220 yards m 57 sec the next taking 59, and then ho radualiy subsided into a somewhat slower, bai still ji steady pace. The first mile was d. me m j ruin. 16 sec., and the second made Id na 53 sec., the pedestrian keeping well together, -; and not blowing himself at all; m net. he seemed to be fresher at the bend of t' sixteenth round than when be stai n- . third mile was walked at the same eruiabh pace, and finished at 25 inin. 28 see. Une-iiali the distance was got over in 29 miu. 45 sec; ' leaving Edwards ' but little time eo spare to complete the second half of the jcumey, even if he maintained his previous p3C5 — which he did and more. Tne fourth mile was completed in 34 mia. Ost-e. ; dy fifth in 42 min. 52 sec. ; the sixth iu 51 min. 35 sec.; and the seventh and ;ast in 59 miu. 42 j seconds ; the walker uirinj thus 174 seconds " to the goal." The last lap was the quickest of the w-ole occupying only 574 seconds ; and the success ful adventurer was loudly applauded, as, indeed, he had been frequently during his progress. His straightforward conduct and plucky walking, had gained so strongly on the company, that, while the race was going on, two or three gentlemen raised a handsome subscription from those assembled in two or three minutes, which was handed to Edwards after the race. If he should return to Beeehworth, he will assuredly meel with a hearty welcome. He is now off to Wangaratta, where he will repeat his seven mile feat, on Saturday, the day alter the races, and he deserves, as we have no doubt, he will win — success. We must not forget to mention that the Beeehworth Fife and Drum Band took a prominent part in the proceedings, having been engaged by Mr Edwards; and they did their duty fairly- well. Shire of Butherglen. — Elsewhere in oat columns appears a notice to the effect that tenders for printing and advertising iu con- , nection with the Shire Council of Eutherglen j for the year ending 4th February, 1374, will ; be received up to 11 a.m. on Saturday, 1st proximo. We more particularly call attention | to this notice, as in a former issue the time for receiving tenders appeared as Saturday, 2nd July. Seire of Yackandandah. — An adjourned monthly meeting of the council of the Tack- andandah Shire will be held at the Assembly Booms, on Thursday, 30th instant. Amongst other business to be transacted is the striking a rate for the ensuing year. A Chapter of Mishaps. — Mishaps, forte- nately not serious ones, occurred to two preachers, when fulfilling their self-imposed duties on Sunday last. One of the two, while journeying to Wooragee to expound the word, acting on the principle that the mer ciful, man is merciful to his beast, took his horse to a running stream to allow it to quench- its thirst. The grass on tim banks of the -stream looked fresh and green, but the preacher soon found to his cost that appearances are deceitful ; no sooner had the horse reached the water than it com menced to sink down, first to the fetlock, and then to the knees ; the preacher becoming alarmed dismounted, but only to experience the same fate as his horse ; after struggling for some time, during which he sadly be spattered his Sunday clothes, he managed to get clear, and procuring assistance ultimately succeeded in extricating his steed. Another brother, who had duly delivered his message to his flock, was returning from Osborne's flat towards Yackandandah, when his horse stumbled, throwing his rider heavily and breaking his clavicle. Brave Children. — On Saturday last says the Mansfield G-uardian , au accident happened, by which two of Dr. Howe's children had a narrow escape from severe injury, and in ivhich both displayed great presence of mind ind courage in danger, more especially the vounger, a girl of ten or eleven vears of age. Master Frank Bowe. accompanied ouly by his sister, was driving a four-wheeled waggon into Mansfield. When opposite Cross's farm, on the three-chain road, the fore-axle of the waggon broke short off at the near wheel, and the frightened horses commenced kicking and bolting down the hill. The little girl, seeing the difficulty her brother had in retain ing his seat, with great presence of mind got oyer into the back compartment and held hini with the assistance of a short strap in the driving seat, whilst he attempted to pull up the horses. He had well nigh succeeded in arresting their maddened o.rmrsB when the? kicked themselves clear of the waggon, and bolted with the pole and swingle down to Burns's, where they were stopped withont wing further mischief. When escaping from the waggon, the horses dragged the youthful, charioteer over the splash-board, and left Bun senseless on the ground. His sister hrew herself out of the waggon and ran to s assistance ; she attempted to raise him, but not succeeding, she ran off to Cross's for assistance, which was quickly afforded. On her. returning, she found her brother had re covered from the effects of the fall, which tvf stunned him,, and from which, with the exception of a sprained wrist, and a few ruises, we are glad to say that he has quits recovered. — -frhpounded — Red and white pnuock. off ear marked, HE off thigh, like over blotched brand off ribs ; white horse ahod D0ar atoulder' mat off shoulder, lmii'ge at Newtown.-— For" some time past ptriliti-. .. .-sity fur the erection of a new. bridge U, HgSt >: mwn has been apparent, tbe old wooden tea IjggUraeiure erected some fifteen or sixteen years, 13, gfpav;1 ; recently shown symptoms of havin iq' . HffijBiil ; . . d its usefulness. Plans for the erection g3 jMgSf substantial now stone bridge were recently >Q, fggHr.s' p.v 1 by Mr D.ilziel, engineer to the Beech- 53\. jHL:;h United Shire, and by him submitted to ei >. -uAiiment and the council. These plans ip. been approved of, we may mention 'ut |hb9i-.! proposed new bridge is to be cou- — |i|iHru ieJ of granite, having a span of fifty feet ; Mr a I length of the structure, including n't; ppiSi - T.sv.ill he ninety feet ; the width of iv, p$S||). : -:vis to be twenty-six feet, with a raised ad fefeljPi.1 >.,ih six feet wide. Sir Dalziel has so de- ne iPr I the bridg" that the foundations will Ur : u :ho bed lock, and the wing walls being ss, .icnpartmeuts will prevent their being be 1 by ii;e pressure of the earth settling er. . The total cost of ihe uew bridge will »a, . ' v !'2.5ii! i, of which lialf will be eontri- to V'rStfUiv -.1 by the Government. i57 : Lost! — The followiug rather amusing Nfpfitir . > . < . >f official " ways and means'' is from T5 On Tuesday last, a most iin- a3 ifirad . : Veery was committed in Mansfield. '3> 'bHiTv M'Diarmid put his horse up at the 35 Vf8ri>' -.- I:;u, and when about to return home, >r b -v. :vd that his saddle was missing. -U|3Sfr .Smyth, 'he proprietor, at once gave infor- : yrmn- : n to the police, 'and Sergeant Hickey, le> :iiv-1 by a constable, proceeded to Y jma7 - .rch for the missing property. It j aP ytjSgipU I'-v.-vored in a drain at the rear of Mr ry ;SrfBal>' private residence, iu flighett-street. | sifeftOffim > V Scaulan was placed in charge, in | re .-i;e if anyone came .after the saddle, j -3 y ">d the fact of a man coming near and ' te epjtepk7- nb >ut, nothing transpired io lead to felithe 7 t: ctiv.n of the guilty party. About one Jfi pi'feijblcli iu the mornins Constable -Johuson ie |ff fife n'- to the locality wlic-re the property 5\. . m l, and having deposited himself in 3., iijthe o r. ho covered himself over wLh the m a3d . This mar.ieiivre, howr-vc-r, did not a Ifjpjodo.1 any practical result, and at 3 o'clock 3 Etltlii ydi-o were withdrawn, and the saddle fi. Bfehsnbi I o-.v'f io the owner. . - ' :o.. urn Police Court. — The only 18 p|vi)U8k i rou'-ht, forward at the Beechworth 16 lffPic1 Four; yesterday was a debt case, Robiu- 18 ' pl'SOnv. .'VRourke, claim £19 -Is 2d, goods sold, k I U.l£i «!i iivorc-d ; an order was made for the pay- TV-aien; > the amount, with 2s fid costs. In the !» tN'iease >! Jlincs v. M'Evoy, Mr M. G. Smith e i Tasked h:at a fresh summons might be issued. ; h ;:.ituSh summons entrusted to the police had j 9 i. not' 1 u served. Sergeant Baber stated that I V.flp: summons was only forwarded to El ; 9 hjDdra.' i oil Saturday, and was not returnable j ' l&uutil; t.''-.:av. but lie believed as a mattc-r of j 0 SS&ct; that if had not been served ; a fresh sum- g S ion- was ordered to he issued free of charge. I UfSs-Tn:: Office of Agent-General. — The an- "' Nnqunec-ruoni made in a country paper that the r'flpn J. A. Macpberson, M.L.A., has been of- ' jiSgaed the appointment of Agent-General is, wfla$S the Ar:nts, decidedly premature. Not -domy has no appointment been made, but Mr TsMgfcpLerson's name has never been before the Oafiinvt as a candidate for the office. A num- j Tjjrjof well-known colonists have been mc-n- yhtioned as amongst those from whom the suc- i - eejisor of the- Hon H. C. E. Childe-rs will ul- L jTfiS&tely; be selected, but no appointment has ' j . yecc-n made, and it is scarcely likely that a j ;nfi£tc-r of sueh importance will be decided ! until ihe Chief Secretary returns from Sydney. j ; w '£ R;:?ui;tei: Submits to . be Robbed in Order to get an Item. — Enterprising as 1 :;M8; the reporters for the colonial press, it bis .-questionable whether any of them have the .spirit of self-sacrifice so strongly deve- _ loped, or have the interests of the journals which they are connected so much at ' heart, as one- of the staff of a Californian journal, who submitted to be robbed in a gambling house in order to get a sensational ' item of news. A San Francisco exchange has the following with reference to the affair : | — "Detective Henderson, of the Fifteenth ; Precinct, who was detailed by Captain Byrnes i to attend to the skin game of Harvey Young, i at No. tol Broadway, in response to a com- | plaint of a police reporter of the Times, r.arrfeted James Turleigh, alias Family, as I the dealer cf the game in which the Times ' ! reporter had voluntarily submitted to be j robbed on Thursday night last. Thur- | leigh, however, was not the real party, and: the Tines' reporter, on appearing at ' the j Jefferson Market Court, before Justica Fowler, yesterday morning, declined to make ; any: complaint against him and he was dis- ' Charged. lut against Young and Yorke, the i 0U64keeper, the supporters of the gambling ; home, the Times reporter entered a strenuous 'Complaint, which was at once entertained by Justice Ledvith, and both Young and York sjTMe commuted for trial on a charge of j.s|fopy to tie Court of General Session. jl?<>|ng was concerned in the Bill Poole mur- and about three years ago he shot Bob fwWillis the keeper of a rival gambling house I ®®-®r';i!lway. He has never been tried for o! the nffences he is charged with." : aExugp.atiox to India. — a communication |jwa8 received by the Government by the last from the Indian authorities with refer- \ ®v8e to steps taken to prevent persons i sent out from these colonies in charge of ship- aents of hor;es becoming burdens upon the ; POklic funds. It appears that in 1869 an Act was passed dealing with the subject; but as L rt did not wori satisfactorily, an amending Act Of a more stringent character received the -'Sent of the Governor-General in October, wi?1' pro'vides that in case any Europeans from the colony in charge of horses, i?80tlier aninals, become vagrants within a |lji|r after larding in India, the consignee, or It for the sale of the animals, or, if he IfltoDGt be foind, the agent to whom the ship liHbich tbe animals were brought was con- j|gned, will 1b held liable for the cost of such iPOSon's removal, and all other charges in- |f:ed by the State in consequence of their |S>jH)ming vagrants. Mr John Learmonth, well- known Victorian shipper of horses, SPSlthe first person summoned under this !M Naaigation of the Gotjlbdrn. — Some few ago it was announced that the first pjjiner had been launched on the Gonlbnrn, IttjNagambie. The Seymour Courier does not ipnrik that the floating of a mere hull of a Wit, without the ghost of a boiler, engine, or -wheei, can be reported as the launch <il|a steamer of 100 tons burthen. The UMgambie steam project has been a failure, i : 8pe six months ago accommodation was warded by a local branch bank to two : JBMtical men to put the ribs and keel j tether, but was withdrawn at that critical when its continued extension would pHTB been the means of completing a boat ||jpch was " intended for the navigation of j|jM| river." On Monday the hull of the pfflmer is to be offered at auction, under a ppjsof sale. iiiSVAXGABATTA. — Impounded — Bay horse sad- gfiand harness, whip marked, near hind foot DC over near shoulder ; fleabitten HHf horse, saddle marked, enlarged off fore SS over FF near shoulder, IB off shoul- K; bay horse, star, saddle marked, off bind ||MI white, S both shoulders ; bay or brown gMpe, Btar, JV over like 2 near shoulder; Hn horse, running star, near hind foot jsjWUe, saddle marked, 0 off shoulder and ifii Church England News. — "We are in formed that Dr Perry, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, will visit the Ovens District, and will hold confirmation services in Beechworth and other townships. The dates will no doubt he duly announced when fixed. Medical Properties of Laurel Leaves. — Gum leaves have found a rival. A French paper announces the discovery of a new febri- buge which has been found to be an excellent substitute for quinine. An apothecary in Saint Lo, remembering the good effects in cer tain fevers of bitter aromatics, such as cam phor, conceived the idea of trying the action of laurel leaves, which are at once bitter and aromatic. The experiments as to the properties of the leaves were con clusive, for, according to statements, made to the Acadc-my of Science and the Academy of Medicine, three grammes of powdered laurel leaves suffice to work a cure. All the fevers treated by the new drug have, it is said, given way in a few days, and it has even been successfully used in cases of African fever of' j long standing, and against which sulphate of I quinine had been powerless. The green leaves J of the laurel are dried by a gentle heat on the ! fire in a close vessel, to prevent the loss of the volatile elements, and are afterwards reduced to a fine powder, one gramme of which, in a glass of cold water, may be taken as a dose. Victorian Goal. — The great increase in the price of coal in consequence of the miners' strike iuNewsastle has led to increased atten tion being called to the Victorian coal-fields. During the last few days several applications have been made at the Miniug department re lative to the conditions under which leases to search for coal are issued, and also what lands are available for tbe purpose. The neighbor hood of Cape Patterson is the locality most j affected, and it is more than probable that j leases will he applied for, for land in that vi- i cinity, and also in other districts in Victoria ' in which coal prospects have been discovered. ! Diseases in Stock Act. — "Within the last ! few davs the provisions of the Diseases in I " j Stock Act, as regards the inspection of cattle, j hoj-ses and sheep, and the levying of fees at j the rate of one shilling per head for cattle j and horses, sixpence per head for calves and j foals, and one penny each for sheep and pigs crossing the Murray into Victoria, have been put into force at Wodonga, Mr Penne- fatber, one of tbe inspectors under tbe Act. having arrived in the district for that purpose. Stockowners in the border districts seem to have Leeu taken unawares by the sudden enforcement of ihe provisions of an Act of the existence of which they were probably in ignorance, and seeing that a penalty of £50 may be inflicted on the owner of any stock crossiugthe river without the necessary permit, it would have been only reasonable on the part of the Government to have given notice, through the columns of the local newspapers, or otherwise, of the change that was about to take place. Wetting a New Building. — A verv un- common, but exceedingly pleasant gathering, took place recently at the pra- sonage of All Saints Church, Geelong, when the Rev. Canon May, late of Yackandanaah, gave a dinner to all the workmen employed in the erection of the parsonage. About thirty partook of tbe hospitality of the rev. gentleman, and did justice to the good things provided. After- dinner was over, the Rev. Canon May said it gave him great pleasure to meet so many of the tradesmen, but he would have preferred to have seen a greater number present, as he had gone to a great deal of trouble to find out all that were employed, if only for one day, and had sent an invitation to them. He was not aware that one workman had been overlooked, but if such was the case, it was because his address was unknown. He would state what had caused him first to think of giving a dinner. During ihe time the building was in process, one of the workmen, who was present, he was happy to say, called his attention to the job being a dry one, and said it was usual to wet a building to make the bricks, plaster and mortar stand well. He, however, know ing that something stronger than water was alluded to, and being himself a total abstainer, held quite a different view on the subject, and to mark his appreciation of the manner in which all the various tradesmen had executed their work, he thought it best to invite them all to spend an evening on the completion of the building, instead of giving them that which stole away their health; and he was sure they would all agree with liim that the best and most pleasant course had been adopted. He must not, however, forget to thank the architect Mr J. L. Shaw, who had displayed a great amount of skill and judgment in. drawing the plans, and looking after the stability of the building. It was not his intention to occupy their time any longer by giving an address, but he would now present to each workman a handsome gilt edged bible, with tbe hope that it would be beneficial to them, and that as time rolled on, they would make it a point in life to do all the good they could in this world, so that at the last it might be said by our Heavenly Father, "Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into everlasting rest." Mr J. L. Shaw said it gave him great pleasure to be present, and see so many cheerful faces, and to hear that the Rev. Canon May was so well pleased with his new home ; he was sure the committee spared no expense, and personally he might state that he had gone iuto the work with spirit, so that it should be a credit to the committee, and he hoped the pastor would be spared many years to enjoy his residence. Mr Stock responded on behalf of the workmen, after which a pleasant evening spent in music, singing, and recitations, was brought to a close at 11 o'clock, by all acknowledging that this was the best method of wetting a new building. Yackandandah. — Impounded — Bay mare, PK over EC over like 2pK near shoulder ; bay filly, stripe and snip, no brands, progeny; chesnut mare, star, stripe, and snip, J-M on near shoulder; hay horse, star, and faint stripe, near hind fetlock joint hurt, like TB over WS near shoulder, had a fistula ; brown horse, star, shod, bob tail, GN near shoulder; grey mare, BE near shoulder ; flea-bitten grey mare, boh tail, S on side over PS near shoul der; black mare, GK over 2 off shoulder, (writing K), near hind fetlock white; bay fillv, no visible brands, white spots on back ; hay mare, star, near hind leg white, M on side, or W on side near shoulder. 