?.'HE HOSPITAL. The annual mp/ting of tlio snbcovihorc of tlio-Port -Oai'tis niKL-DciBlilmi'dt Districts Hospital was hold yostcrday in tlic Court House. There was a marked abscnco from tho mooting of snbscribors to tlio insti tution beyond those of the Cowmittoo, tho follow-, ing mombcrs of which wore present — Cnptniu It. M.' Hunter, Presidont, Mr J. Hoiulrick, Vice- President, hiB Worship tho Mayor ; Aldormou Loigli, Feoz, Schmidt, nnd rattison ; Mossrs. G. B. Shaw, B. Brodnitz, It. B. Jones, ltobiuson, niul Dibdin. Tlio President said : That ns it wns tho annual mooting of subscribers, it was not uccossary to confirm tho minutes of tho previous committee inceling, and ho would call on tlio Secretary to read tho annual reports and balaueo shoot. Tho Secretary (Mr. Beildok) then road tho follow ing reports and balance shoot : — Annual Beport for 1873. Tho Committee of tho Port Curtis and Loiclilinrdt DistriotB Hospital in presenting thoir Itoport for tho past yoar, havo the pleasure to stato that tho InBtitu-, tion lias continued in n satisfactory state, tho samo precautions ndoptod in tlio previous yoar have boon continued, and tlio expenses kept within tlio income, at tlio samo tiino tho cffieicnoy of the Institution lias not boon impaired, every proper oaso for admission having raccivod attention. It has only boon by striot economy , tbis result has boon nchioved, and in a grow ing district increased funds will beeomo uccossary for tlio cfficiont support of tbo Institution. Past experi ence lias shewn tlio Committeo that a considerable inorenso of pntionts will occur from tho railway works now in progress, which will tax.tho funds nt the dis posal of tlio Committee, and domnnd their serious at tention to provido for. Tho usual liberality wliioh has at all limes beon shown to provide for the sick, tho ;Coinmittoo feol assured will omiblo thorn to meet tho inorensed calls likely to bo made upon them during the year. Tho Govornmont allowed a sum of £100, for painting and- repairs to tho building, and the Com- . mittoo wore undor tlio boliof that a yonrly inorenso of of. £200 would bo granted. for genoral purposes, hut ns £l'l00 only appeared on tho Estimates for tho present yoar, £400 of wliioh nro for tho Beuovolent Institution, £1000 only will bo rivailnblo for the present yoar, and it will ho necessary to snpplomont tliis largoly by pri vate subscriptions to moot tho requirements for tho yoar. Tho, Committee; havo boon greatly indebted to sovo ral goutloiuon for thoir. kind sorvioos in aid of tho In-" stitntion, aiul thoy particularly montion tho efforts of Mr. Aloxandor and Mr. Asliton for thoir vory success ful outortninmcnts in aid of its funds, whilo to those gcntlomon and squatters in the neighborhood who havo so kindly interested tliomsoivos in collooling money on bohalf of tho funds (as will bo seen by tbo subscription . list) tlio Couunittoo toko this opportunity of returning thoir most sincere thanks, ns well as to those bodies who havo so coiistautly assisted them by their dona tions of liucn for tho nso of the- patients. Thoy, also tender thoir sineoro thanks to those who liavo sent books and periodicals for .tlio nso of the .patients, among whom thoy particularly . mention ' Mossrs. T.;S. Hull, IV. Hopkins, and F. L. Barkor. To tlio'liovs. ,Mr.: Leigh, Mr. Joultyn, and Mr. ' Vyilos . the Oomjnitteo are dooply indebted for tlioii' vqlu'ablo aid iii coileotiug in thoir various churches, aud 'sor- ifions preached for tlic bonofit of the institution; also ' for tlieir attention with tho others iu the town as ministers of tlio Gospol to the sick. To tho medical gehtlemou in town the Committeo tendor thoir grateful acknowledgements fortlioir rondy and valuable nssistnnoe on all occnsions when re quired. . As tho well boing of the institution depends greatly 011 tho officers entrusted with tho executive, the Com mitteo have nmoli pleasure in bearing testimony to tho unremitting attention of Dr. Cnlliiglmn (tho snrgoon), and Mr. Beildok (the Socrotury), tlieir zoalons ofl'orts lmvo mainly contributed to tlio offioicncy of tlio institution. Tho Committeo notico with regret tho retirement, of tlio wnrdsnmn and matron, nnd tako this opportunity rcuord thoir approval nt tho vory satisfactory mnunor to' thoir dntios havo beon discharged, aud tho ordor and alcnnlinoss maintained by thorn. In conclusion tlio Committeo dosii'o to gratefully npknowloilgo tho support they liavo received during tho past yoar, and express a hope Unit tlio same gon- orons support may bo accorded tor tho future to enable thorn to- carry on tlio institution with credit, and for tlio bonofit of those deserving, its assistance. Annexqd .is tlio Surgeon's report mid Treasurer's statement of receipts ami disbursements, with list of subscriptions. B, M, Hunter, President. The Treasurer, in account with tho Port Curtis nnd Loichhardt Distriot Hospital for tho year 1872 : , Beceu'ts. £ s. d. To Bnlnnco from Inst yoar 305 14 10 , Subscriptions . 920 3 4 Donations (including pound foos, Bockhnmpton, Glndstono, Yaamba Bainuia ; also nuclni uicd pound \- monoy. and proceeds of entertain- moiits, Ac.. . . .. .. .. 308 3 9 Govcriiipuput..G rant — : Specinl ... 100 0 0; I Do, do. Pauper fuud 400 0 0" Do, do. Hospital . i 1000 0 0 ! „ .... .. — 1500 ,0 0 1 Pay patieutB .. ... ; - 'if "fa O ; Fliios,' 'Police Courts Bocklinmpton KK \,% .und Baiiuna, . .. .. 6641 6 i 'foor boxes ' .'. ' . " '.'. ' 411 18 8 i , ''' : £2569 4 1 1 u/'' ' : (;,... ' li " Disuursementb. iBy'Sniarics ./ .. 457 13 2 Mntif. ' . . 1 Itn 10! A Milk ' !.'/. ::,i . . .. ; 10 « Broad ... .. .. .. 2 2. Grocories .y ; . .. " ... 2liM i t Modiqnl comforts ' .... 66'12, 0 Medicines '1. ".. .. 137 0 5 Wood' aud water .. 26 12 4 Burials.. '. .. 48 15 O Improvcmout' nnd furnishing .. 255 14 8 Painting .. .. .. '52 7 6 ... Pauper fund .... ... .... .. 600 0 O Sundrios .. .. , .. 132 7 10 Bi'ilancb in Bank ' . .'. ... .. 216 0 10 . £2569 4 1 Frank N. Beddek, ' Secretary and Treasurer. ' Contingcut liability of £100 of 1871, Pauper Fund vote, still duc to Benovolent Society. ' We linvc this day examined the Hospital ncocounta and books, : and certify to the correctness of the Balance. Slieot. B. J. itobinson) B. Brodnitz \ ana»tors Bookhampton, Fobruary 17th, 1873. Boturn of patients in tho Port Curtis and Loich hardt Districts Hospital during tho yoar .1872 : — lle- 'maining December 31, 1871, males 17, fomnlos 1, total 18; admitted during year 1872, males 200, femalos 26, , total 226 ; disehargod, males 172, fomalcs 22, total 194; Died, innlos 18, fomnlus 2, total 20 : remaining Jan. 1, 1873, males 27, fomales 3, total 30. Undor trcatmont during yoar, 217 malos, 27 females, or 244 interior and 90 oxtenor pntionts, in all 334. The deaths were from phthisis 3, tortiary syphili 1, remittent fovcr 1, disoaso of tho heart 8, general debility 1, dysontory 1, typhoid fovor 2, ulceration of tho bowols 1, pneumonia, 2, com pound dislocation of anklo 1, ascitis 1, frnoturo both femurs 1, delirium tromons 1, total 20 deaths. Wm, Callaghan, m.r.c.s., England. . ; Bockbampton, Feb., 1, 1873. ' Tlio President remarked that everything that was requisite to lay boforc tho mooting was embodied in the report, leaving littlo else to ho said. Tho Govorn mont had during tho year given thom £100 extra, and ho had beon iod to boliovo that tlicy would havo given thom £200 further,, but ho found tlint tho amount was not on tho Estimates, and aftor a fow farther remarks tho Chairman moved tho adoption of tho reports and . balance sheet, which wns earned. Alderman Pattison noxt moved that Captain B. M. Hunter bo appointed \ tsidont for tho ensiling yoar, and in doing so Mr. Piutison said ho need scarcely mako n remark on tho subjcot, as Captain Huntor had been President for many years past, and ho thought in that instanco if a change wore made, it might ho for tho worst. Aldorman Leioh sccondod the motion, which wa3 carriod. Mr. G. B. Shaw moved that Mr. J. Hendrick bo oleated Vico-Prosidont. Mr. Brodnitz sccondod tho motion, wliioh was carried. Mr. K. J. Eobinson moved that Dr. Callaghan bo appointed surgoon aud dispenser to tho Hospital for tho ensuing yonr at a salary of £150. Ho movod on the grounds of utility nnd oconomy, and that they wotild havo a practical man at tho bond of affairs, bosidos Dr. Callagban's prcsont stipend was not suffiitpt for tho duties ho had to perform. ' \ . Mr. B. L. Dibdin said, ho would seevyi Viho motion in whioh ho thoronghly agreed, bat as ho considered that tho previous dispenser would have to bo disposed of first ho thought it would bo best to appoint Dr. Callaghan as surgeon for 12 months only. Tho President rulod that as Mr. Bobinson'.s motion required a change in the institutional offico ho conld not ontortain it until notico had beon given in tho usual way. Mr.' BodinSon remarked that ho had asked tho " question if ho was out of ordor and he was not called to it. The President said : That if Mr. Bobinson would give the usual notico ho would bo happy to call a special mooting to consider it.. Mr. Pattison askod tho President if ho ruled tho question could not bo put ? Tlio President said it could not, as tho offioo of disponsor was held under the Committee. Mr. Pattison said ho quite agreed with the motion, oBpecially as they would in Dr. Callaghan procure a hotter dispensor. Mr. Bobinson snid, his motion was not against tho \- prcsont dispenser, but because thoy would economise by tho amalgamation; still ho boliOvod thoy never would bo sottlod until tbey got a bouse Burgoon, bo would howover withdraw for the present his motion. Mr. Feez moved that Mr. Bcddek be appointed Scorotary and Treasurer for the ensuing yoar, anil paid somo woll earned and flattering attributes to that gontloman whom ho believed could not bo sur passed in tho position. Mr. Souhidl sooonded tho motion whioh was carried. Mr. Jones thon movod as the Committee for 1873 ; Messrs. Livormoro, Grant, Pattison, Hall, Bision, Loigh, Fcoz, Jonos, Dibdin, Sohmidt, Shaw, Brodnitz, Sandcl, and Bobinson. Mr. DiIidin seconded the motion whioh was carried.' Mr. Pattison thon movod that Mossrs. Brodnitz nnd Bobinson bo elected Auditors, an'd that tho thanks of the meeting be presented to thom for thoir past sorviees, Tho Vioe-Prebident seconded tho motion which wns carried. Mr. Brodnitz thon moved that tho Building Coin- mtitco. consist of tho Presidont, Vico-Fresident, pud Messrs. Grant and Pattison. Mr. Joneb seconded the motion which was earned. Mr. Bobinson thon gave notioo that he would at a spooinl mooting proposo that tlio presont surgoon of the Hospital, Dr. Cnllnglian, be appointed surgeon and dispenser, at a salary of £150 por annum. This concluded tho business of tho aunual meeting, and the Committo tlion met. Tho resignation of Mr. E. MoMulkon and wife was tlion laid before thom by the Secretary, as also the nine fresh applications for the appointment. Mr. Pattison suggostod that a sub-Comuiittc should be appointed to go through tho applications, ns thoro might bo applicants for tho poBt who were unknown to soma of tho Committee. Mr. Diddin thereupon movod that a sub-Committeo consisting of tho President, Vioo-Presidont, and Mr G. B. Shaw, be appointed to oxiunino the npplic.' _ . tions.. r" Mr. Pattison secoudod the motion. Mr. Livermore first thought that tho aoooptanoo or noii-aocoptnneo of Mr. and Mrs. MoMulkon's resigna tions bo considered, and to take tho sense- of tho meeting ; ho would movo tlioy bo nooopted, 'and that tho Committeo tondcr tliom their thanks for tlio very efficient mannor in wliioh tlioy had, whilo iu tho sorvico of tho Committo, carried out tho duties en trusted to thom. Mr. Diiidin said, it 'was with ploasuro he would second tho motion, although it was not with Artoasuro lie viowed tho loss of the sorvioos of tho YrWsman aud Matron. lie oould bear testimony to\ja vory officiant way in whioh thoy had oarriod ovkr their duties during the time that lie had booh a member of the Committeo. Tlio President aftor expressing his satisfaction of tlio way both Wardsman and Matron had carried out tlieir dutiis, ptit tho motion, which was unanimously agreed to. Tho applications for tho vacant offioes were then road by the Secretary: — John Bamsiiy and wife; references, Bonos Brothers, W. F. Walton, T. Phclan, and Bov. J. Carson. J. Bnrry and wifo ; no refer ences. Hugh Burnos and wife; references, Tens, Davonport, and Bnrncs, of Sydnoy; Beginald Gra. ham and wifo : ro/oronoos, S. B, Davis, D. T. Mulli gan, C. H. Morgan, aud E. P. Livormoro, Samuel / Doiiaghoy and wifo ; roforoitcos, H. Solimidt, 0. E. Wodoliouso, W. Hopkins. W. J. Harrison and wifo;. toforouooB, JoBopli Brown, Ho v. C. Wilos, ltov. R. Hartley, and J. Cramp. P. Culvorlionso and wifo; references, P.- Hopkins, Josopb Brown, W. H. Buza- cott; W. Hopkins, Mr. Cliff and wifo ; roforeuoos, At' W. S. Smith, B. Ghost, J. W. Tully, and Walker and: Iioigh, T. Budden and wifo ; roforonoos, Dr. Thou, Dr. Callaghan, and P. N. Boddok. 