CHAPTER XXXIII. Trost no future, bowe'er pleasant ; Let the dead psst bury Its dead. -Longfellow. Hester told her good friends in London of the strange incident of the ring, and the fancied like- ness of the stranger she had seen to Cecil. From them she learned for thejlrst time of Mrs. Marsh's ghost-alarm, and of Tom Brown's supposed recogni- tion of his old comrade in Mr Joyce Johnson ' I cannot understand if," she said. " The young mau I saw was Mr Johnson's secretary, you must have made a mistake, Tom." " I didn't," Tom replied , " he wrote his name down in my presence-'Joyce Johnson, Boston, Massachusetts' He was quite huffed at me for cal- ling him my old friend, and fancied I was a little in liquor He bad no ring on when I saw him-at least not that one, or I should have been quita cer- tain." " You know it, then ?" " I've seen it a hundred times, Mrs Grseme Poor Tom-I beg your pardon, I mean-" " Oh, call him by his most familiar name to you He wore it out yonder, then- never parted with it?" " He never parted with it while I knew him, and I was by his side when we started on that fatal ride. It was on the band he pressed mine with when the word was given, and, when I heard no more of it, I concluded that it must have gone where so many brave fellows' little trinkets went-into the clutches of tome thievish camp-follower." " This man must have known him Can it be the man who brought his things to you ?" * I think not," Tom replied " You see I was almost insensible with pam when the man came to me I didn't know much of him, but he wasn't a bit like my poor chum I've never heard of him since" ' I must find out," Hester said, passionately. " I don't know what possesses me, but since this bas happened I seem to feel the presence of my dead husband always near me My nerves are giving way, I listen for his footstep, and expect to hear hu voice in the same way that I did in the awful time when he first left me, a forlorn, broken-hearted woman If I cannot come to some solution of the mysterj, I shall go mad 1" It bad taken a strange hold of her this mystery of the ring, and her friends grew quite alarmed for her health " Go abroad," her doctor said, when applied to for advice "Take some of the engagements offered you, you have but to choose your own quarter of the world, fortune waits for you everywhere " And Hester chose It was true that she had but to signify her gracious assent Managers in all part« of the civilized world were only too nappy to have her From Australia, America, India, and even Japan, offers had come to the favourite actress, and she declared that she would make the tour of the whole "I've a great fancy for making the Tycoon's acquaintance she declared " I shall certainly go to Japan " I wish we could go with you," Mary Brown said, dismally, when Hester announced her inten- tion of going at once to Australia " Tom and me would be your servants, dear, and look afer you and the boy " "You've other ties now, dear Mary," Hester replied " You couldn't very well go travelling about with this little lady " For Mary had a baby girl now-a tiny, round-ej ed thing, with no features to speak of, but which sha and her mother in law declared to be the very image of Tom Tom vowed he couldn't see it, but declared that, if the baby was pretty, she must be like him, and was vastly proud of his new possession " If it wasn't for my lame leg * he said, glancing ruefully at his cork foot encased in its neat boot " I'd come with you, and be your agent and secre- tary, and anything you wanted for nothing, and be glad to do it. We've saved a good bit of money, and ita all through you " " Through me ?" " Yes Didn't you help to bnng us together ? Didn't you keep Mary's heart up, and stand by her, while I was away ? and haven't you been a blessing to us ever sinca ? All we have we owe to you m one way or another " * Y ou owe it to your own patient industry and good temper, dear Tom," Hester said, with tears in her eyes " Stay at home in Old England, and let me feel that there's Bottle one hereto think of me, and to keep a home for me and my boy against we come back-if we are spared to do so ' " lou'U come back," Tom said, hopefully, "lim sure you will, and be happy, too You were never made to sup sorrow all your life, dear lady, and you've had your share " " I sometimes think I've bad two or three shares," she replied, " but I ought not to repine, they've been made lighter by worldly prosperity Some people have to bear mental sorrow and bodily privation as well My boy and I are amply provided for " " You sum up things into blessing»," Bald Tom, warmly And to some extent be was right. His acquaintance with Hester had been a blessing to bim and his for a long time now Heater went to Scotland before she set sail for her new engagement, and to Manchester, to see Mrs Duncan Graham All her relations in the North received her with the kindness and empressement due to the wife of Cecil Graeme , but she felt, with all their kindness, that she and her boy were da trop at Glenbracken Mr Graeme was getting used to the fact of Harry's heirahip, and Mona was expecting a baby of her own to fill the place of honour in the household There was a patronising ring in their voices when they spoke to her boy that went to her heart with a stab, and the sight of Mona's happy preparations, and the expectant exultation in her face, made her feel her own loneli- ness and her boy's forlorn position as she had never felt it before Harry was heartily kind and brotherly in his welcome, but she was happier with Mary Fer- guson at Langholm than in the old house she never expected to see save under far different auspioeB happiest of all with Mr Duncan Graham, at Manches- ter In his hearty, cheery presence she felt more at her ease than in her husband's old home, and the face of the kindly, warm-hearted cotton-spinner was among the true and faithful friends who stood with Hester on the deck of the Ocean Queen, in South- ampton Water, to bid her a good-bye Ever \ thing that Mr. Graham could do for her hs did He selected her cabin and furnished it, and leaded her and the boy with comforts for the voyage. "Quite like a lover," Mrs. Brown declared, and she was not far out The winsome Mary had sharp eyes, and she read in the great attentions of the cotton- spinner a deeper interest than mere friendship. And she was not far wrong, Mr Graham waa rapidly falling m love with his nephew's widow, and he felt an inward relief when the vessel which bore her away lessened to a speck on the homon " I should have made a fool of myself-I know I Bhould," he soliloquised, as he returned home " I should have asked her to marry me, and per- haps its against the law for a man to marry his niece I'll adopt that child when she comes back. Pshaw ! I'm a doting old idiot Of course she'll marry out there, some fellow with millions of dol- lars will take a fancy to her, and shell do it for the boy's sake, not her own * He was mistaken Hester would have done much for her boy's sake, but not that. She could never put another man in the place that Cecil had occu- pied m her heart, it would have seemed like sacri- lege to her His image was always present te her , his presence always around her, Bleeping or waking, and she would not bave broken the spell to be made an empress While she was sailing over the sea m search of fresh laurels, Martha Watson, the woman who had startled her into hope and life again, was lying-a maimed wreck of a woman-in one of the great hospitals of New York Picked up from a floating spar to which she was clinging, she wai carried to the nearest house to die, as every one thought, but they found enough of life left in her to bear re- moval to the city, and thither she was taken-an unknown, nameless wretch-to lie for weeks raving in delirium and moaning m stupor for many a long week of helpless loneliness A party of gentlemen strolled through the hospital one visiting-day, their object bemg to see a poor atom of humanity who had been nearly burned to death for the amusement of the public-to wit, a ballet girl, whose draperies had caught fire m one of the splendidly-illuminated spectacles running at the theatres. She was a forlorn, friendless creature, little more than a child, and was desperately hurt, but she was wonderfully patient, and bore her sufferings with a patience that made a heroine of her The company were very kind to her-theatrical folks mostly ara good to one another in tunes of trouble -and no visiting-day ever passed without some of them, ladies or gentlemen, coming to the hospital to pay " Dolly," as she was called, a visit To-day she had an extra visitor-a grave, dark man, who had never entered the hospital before " Oh, come and see poor Doily," one of the com- pany had said to him a day or two after the accident. " Every one has been but you " "All the more reason I should stay away," the actor replied " To be kept very quiet was the most urgent order issued by the doctor I know some- thing about it you see, and I don't think that for us to go in relays, and chatter around her bed, is just the way to carry out hia wise instructions." "You're a queer fellow, Durant. I thought you liked the child " So I do very much " And this was all the notice ha took, and his com- rades, who were loud in their sympathy but chary of their dollars, thought him very hard-hearted. Dolly, in her hospital bed, knew better She had a kind letter from the grave, elderly actor under her pillow, and she knew that the books and oranges that brightened her life came from him, and that the constant supply of clean linen that the nurses brought her was provided by hu means, so that when the others would say now and then he was cold and unfeeling, Dolly laughed to herself, and thought she knew differently. She was getting better now could turn her head without twisting her poor scorched neck too much, and could give back smile for smile to those who came to sit by and talk to her It was a very bright smile she gave to George Durant as he came up to her bedside, feeling sor- rowful at the sight of the little form lying there BO helpless He had not seen her since he earned her, all charred and smoking, off the stage, where, but for hu promptness and activity, aha would bava been burned to death " Durant's come at last, Dolly," one of the other gentlemen said gaily ' I told him I thought it was hardly worth while, as he'd waited so long, he'd better wait till you came out now " Dolly made no answer, and George Durant bent over her " Shall you soon be out, child ? ' he asked " Out 1" and the pale Ups smiled sadly " I am to be lifted out of bed to- morrow for the first time It will be weeks before I am out, but the doctor says I ?hall dance again some time, and my face and arms won't be a bit the worse " " > My face is my fortune, sir, she said,'" said one of Duranfa companions " That's about the size of it, Dolly " " Of course it is," she replied, gravely. " Is it true, Mr. Durant? li my face all right P They all say to, but I feared it was to keep me quiet," " It M all right, Dolly-take my word for it." " I do," she said, with a look of quiet trust that spoke volumes. ? " And are you comfortable here ?" " Oh, yes." " They are all kind to you ?" " Everybody." " And there s nothing you would like, Dolly P" " Nothing-yes, one thing " " What is it, dear ?" " It's only that poor woman there, I wish they would take her away." " What woman ?" " There, in the next bed. She ones and moans so she frightens me " "What ails her?" " I don't know. She was picked up at sea, I be- lieve, dreadfully hurt-almost knocked to pieces, and half-drowned besides. Only think ?" said little Dolly, m a tone of the deepest sympathy, regardless of her own tortured limbs and of her inability to move band or foot. " Poor thing !" said George Durant, moving round to the bed where the woman lay suffering. "Oh, I Bay, Durant," said one of the two other Îgentlemen who bad accompanied bim, " look here f you're going to make a tour of inspection, we're off. We only came to see Dolly, you know." "Oh, off with you, I'm going to stay a little longer." "As you please—ta, ta. Good-bye Dolly." Dolly bade them good-bye without much concern. She did not care for them; so George Durant stayed awhile. The woman he went to look at was no longer young, and her hair was fast turning gray. She rolled her head, which was bare, and shorn of all its long tresses for the sake of coolness, incessantly, as her white lips babbled of people and things far away. The actor looked at her with a puzzled face. " Hester Grseme," she said, wearily-" not Blair and her boy is the heir. I can prove it-I can prove it, if they'll only let me go. They hold ma so tight -so tight." " That's the way she's always going on, sir " the nurse said, coming up, and putting the bed-clothes over the wildly-groping arms " Lie still, do," she added, roughly, being sorely tried doubtless, by her restless charge " Don't hurt her," he said " Let me speak to her She has mentioned names in which I am inter- ested" "You'll get nothing out of her," the woman replied " She's always going on in that senseless way" " There may be more sense in it than you think Let me try " He bent over her kindly " Do you know HeBter Blair ?" he asked But there was no reply The weary head was rolling to and fro, the wildly staring eyes gazing into vacancy without aim or purpose The nurse shook her head "We've all of us tried," she said, "but there's nothing to be got out of her They are going to sand her to the madhouse, ifs the only place for her nowP" " Poor thing t How long has she been here ?" "Several weeks sir She was dreadfully hurt, but she'll do now, the doctors say " j " And has no one ever enquired for her ?" " No one, sir " "What a fate!" thought George Durant, as he turned back to the little ballet- girl he had come to see " I must go, Dolly, dear," he said, " but 111 come again now I know you are able to talk and be talked to" " I'd rather see you than the whole lot of them put together Hark ' There she goes again Hester Blair 1' Does she mean the Mi«s Blair ? ' " Yes, I am sure she does What does she know about her, I wonder ?" "Grasme-not Blair," the woman Bald, ma fierce tone, as though she waa concluding an argument " I tell you she's hu lawful wife I saw his marriage with the other woman, Hannah Forrest, but I knew she had a husband before She paid me to keep her secret, and I did She u dead, and the grave must give it up " Little Dolly, looking up into the grave earnest face of ber friend, saw it turn white to the Ups, and then flush crimson all over. " Do you know her?" " I know her for a countrjrwoman by her brogue," he replied. " I know some of the people she is talk- ing about" There was enough of brogue on his tongue to stamp his nationality, and the tones of the woman's voice had a wonderful similarity to bis Suddenly she began again " Dora Dornllon 1" she said, fiercely " My rum, body and soul-my brother's-my little George ' But she is dead, and I shall never, never have my re- venge 1" " LOOBB my band, Dolly," said the actor, huskily, " I know her now " He went back to the woman, whose mood had changed, and who was moaning pitifully for her brother "Find him," abe muttered-"find my brother, he knows, he will set it right '" Ha seized the rambling searching arm, and with a turn of hu fingers unbuttoned the sleeve which covered it and let it fall up to the shoulder A curious circular sear was visible on the fore-arm of such a peculiar form and colour that it would have been a mark of identification anywhere George Durant covered the arm again, and stooped his lips to the forehead of the unknown woman. " I know her now," be said quietly, to Dolly. " Who is she ?" " My siiter " " Your sister !" "Yes" " You told me once you were as friendless as I am" Dolly was an orphan, picked up in the streets, who had found her way through every phase of show-life to a decent position as a dancer, and who knew nothing of any ties of relationship whatever "So I believed I thought her dead long ago Poor Patty 1 I wonder how she came here, and where she baa been all these years." " Was she an actress ?" " Once upon a time, and as pretty and good a girl as yourself She was as innocent as an angel till we met the fiend whose name she mentioned just now " " What waa it? She mentioned so many names, I don't know which is which " " Dora Dornllon " " Oh, I remember Wasn't she a celebrated beauty, or something ? I heard the gentlemen talk- ing about her in the green-room once Old Mr Artop said he knew ber years ago " " Shut your ears if ever j ou hear her name again If ever Heaven permitted an evil Bpmt to enter the fair form of a woman, she was one A mocking, in- carnate devil was Dora Dornllon I " " But what was she to you ?" " My nun, curse her ! But, no-she is dead, this poor creature says Let her rest m peace <" " Was she any relation to you ?" " You are curious, Dolly " "Ami?" " You are, little one " " Then don't tell me. Forgive ma if I should not have asked " " I will tell you, child There is no reason why you should not know. Dora Donllon was my wife." " Your wife ! Yours m " Even BO, Dolly " Dolly never quite knew why the intelligence made her sad, but it did , and it was with an odd choking at his heart that George Durant felt her tears fall on the hand that she was holding BO tightly in her own (To be continued) 