CONSECRATION OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP. On Simiay, "November 2, many South Aus tralians bad an opportunity of witnessing one of. the most impressive ceremonials of the" Roman Catholic Church, an event which may .be seen perhaps but once in a lifetime, and which certainly will not easily be forgotten by those who v?ere spectators on the occasion. The advancement of a priest to' the dignity of the Episcopate must always be regarded as a cir cumstance- of importance, and this being the first time in the history of the diocese of Ade laide that the chief pastor of the Romish Church here has been consecrated amongst his lock, gave additional interest to the event. This was intensified_ by the presence of the Venerable Roman Catholic Primate of Australia and three prelates from the sister colonies, who formed such an assemblage of the pillars of the Church as has never before been seen in this province. The solemn act of consecration took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, before a crowded congregation, including many members of other denominations. There were no decorations in the building beyond the gallery and pulpit being draped with crimson, but the panels of the chancel have lately been repainted in a chaste and appropriate style, and the altar was adorned with flowers. The space occupied by the sanctuary was somewhat extended, in order to afford more room. At 10 o'clock a procession entered. First came a boy bearing a large gilt cross, followed by about 30 acolytes in scarlet and white, pre ceding the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, master of the ceremonies; the Rev. P. Keogh, assistant; the Rovb. Dr. O'Connor (Sydney), M. Hager, T. Bongaerts, C. Von der Heyden, J. Quin lan, P. Moore, P. Hughes, J. Maher, M. O'Connor, and J. O'Sullivan; Messrs. Wil liams, Carroll, and Petzell. Next appeared the assistant consecrators, Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, with his chaplain, the Rev. P. Kennedy; Dr. Quinn, Bishop ©f Bathurst, and his chaplain, _ the _ Rev. P. Corcoran. The prelates were attired in mitres and magnificent copes of cloth of gold, the upper portion embroidered with flowers in natural colours. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait land, was attended by the Rev. Father Bourke as chaplain, and had on the ordinary purple of a Bishop. The Archbishop (the Consecrator), who was' preceded by an acolyte bearing his silver pastoral staff, followed, attired in vestments of black satin, and supported by his chaplains, Fathers Cohetti, of Sydney, and Strele, S.J. At the last came the Bishop-elect, the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, wearing his biretta and robed in a cope of white moire antique, worked with flowers and fringed with gold. His chaplains were the Very Rev. F. Byrne and the Rev. J. Tappeiner, S.J. Entering the sanctuary, the organ playing the meanwhile, the Metropolitan was conducted to his throne and robed for mass, the vestments including a tunic of rich lace and a cream coloured satin chasuble, the cross in which was jewelled, and a Gothic mitre. He then seated himself before the altar, and the Bishop-Elect was .conducted before him by the assistant Bishops, and as all the different officials took up their positions, the scene, tempered by the sub dued light whieh came through the stained glass windows, was very imposing. The assis tants having demanded in Latin (which was the language throughout the proceedings) consecra tion for the Elect, the consecrator's notary (the Rev. F. Bynie) read the apostolic mandate authorizing it. The Bishop-Elect kneeling before the Consecrator took the oath_ of spiritual fealty and obedience, after which, in reply to an examination from the Consecrator, he promised to bend his understanding to the meaning of divine Scripture and conform to it, to teach the people both by.word and example, to keep the traditions of the orthordox fathers, to restrain his conduct from evil, to observe chastity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly business, to observe and teach humility, and to be compassionate to all in need. Next followed an examination as to discipline of the Church on matters of faith. The Elect then kissed the hand of the Conse crator on his knees, and the Consecrator, laying aside his mitre, turned to the altar and began the confiteor or confession of faith. Whilst the Mass was being proceeded with the assistants led Father Reynolds to his own chapel, where, taking off his cope, he was vested with full canonicals. His soubtaine was ©f purple silk, with lace tunic and white and gold chasuble of elegant workmanship. After reading the Mass down to the same point as the Consecrator, he returned to the middle altar, where the Consecrator prayed for the blessing of God upon him. The dignitaries prostrated themselves while the Litany of the Saints was sung, and at " we beseech thee to hear us," the Consecrator rose, and making the sign of the cross three times over the Elect, besought God to bless, sanctify and consecrate him. The Litany ended, the Bishop-Elect knelt down—the book of the Gospels being held open on his neck and shoulders. The Consecrator and assistants touching his head, said, "Receive the Holy Ghost," after which the Consecrator offered up thanks, and prayed that the graces which charmed the eye, and were prefigured in his variety of ornaments and costly apparel, might appear in the conduct of the Elect. The " Veni Creator" having been intoned, the Con secrator anointed the head of the Elect, and prayed that he might be endowed with every grace and power. Then the Consecrator began the antiphon, " Like ointment on the head that ran dewn upon the beard of Aaron, which ran down to the skirt of his garment, the Lord hath commanded blessing for ever," and the 132nd Psalm was said. The hands of the Elect were next anointed, the Consecrator saying, " May these hands be anointed with consecrated oil and_ the chrism of sanctification. As Samuel anointed David King and Prophet, so be thou anointed and consecrated in the name of God the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, making the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from death and brought us to the kingdom of heaven. Hear us lovingly, 0 Almighty Father, eternal God,-and grant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Througn the same, &c.; Amen." The pastoral crosier was then blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now called the Consecrated, with these, words:—"Receive the staff of the pastoral office, that you may be piously severe in correcting vices, holding judgment without anger, soothing the minds of the hearers by pro moting virtues, not losing sight of strictness in the calmness of severity. The Consecrator then blessed the ring as follows:—"Let us pray. O, Creator and Preserver of mankind, giver of spiritual grace, granter of eternal salvation, do Thou, 0 Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoever shall be signed with this sign of our most holy faith, may by the strength of tins heavenly defence be enabled to raise for himself eternal life. Through, &c.; Amen." The ring was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on the finger of the Consecrated, the Consecrator saying "Receive this ring, the sign of fidelity, that, adorned with unblemished faith, you may, without stain, guard the Spouse of God, which is His Holy Church. Amen." The Book of the Gospels, which had all this time been held on the shoulders of the Con secrated, was removed and delivered to ftm, and the kiss of peace given to him by the Con secrator and assistants. The Consecrator and Consecrated proceeded in the Mass as far as the offertory, when the latter offered to the former two lighted torches, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine, to be used in the Sacrifice. The " Agnus Dei" having been sung, both advanced to the same altar and pro ceeded together in the Mass, there being one host and one chalice for both. The Con secrator gave the place to the Consecrated and the assistants and administered the Communion, after which the mitre and gloves were separately blessed, and assumed by the Consecrated, who, having been enthroned, passed through the Church with the assistants, giving his blessing to all, the "Te Deum" being sung during his progress. On their return to the altar more prayers and the Gospel of St. John were repeated, and the Primate and three prelates retired, the former reappearing during the delivery of the sermon in the vestments which he had worn at first, and the Bishops in purple. The following sermon was given in English by the Bishop of Maitland:— " Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood."—Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 28. These words, dearly beloved brethren, which I have quoted from the Acts of the Apostles, were addressed by the great Apostle ot the Gentiles to the ancients of the Church of Ephesus with the view of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by God of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in sound doctrine, of preserving them from ■poisonous pastures, and protecting1 them from the incursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after his departure, would enter in among them, not sparing _ the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstances that could not but make a lasting impression on the clergy of Ephesus, for he held out no hepe of ever seeing them again. " And now behold, bound in the Spirit I go to Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befal me there, only that the. Holy Ghost in ©very city witnesseth to me, saying that chains and afflictions wait for mo at Jerusalem. And now behold I know that all you among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God 6hall see my face no more." It is, I am sure, unnecessary for me to say that the occasion which has called us togetfjer to-day is one of great importance and um^soal interest, for we are all assembled in ~gc«&t; numbers in this Cathedral Church of A«2relaide, not only frcrn the various districts ot the vast jcolony of South Australia, hut both prelates, priests, and members of the laity have come here .to-day from other colonies to testify their deep interest in the solemn proceedings, full of hope and promise for the welfare of the Church and Diocese of Adelaide. The vast crowds here "assembled from all quarters of the Diocese, Mid the attendance of so many members of other denominations, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as I do, rendered still more interesting by the fact that for the first time in the history of this Diocese has its Chief Pastor been consecrated in his own Catne dral and in the midst of {his own flock, it is always, my dear brethren, a solemn thine witness the transmission of the Apostolic Office —an act by which the Church renews her vigour, provides for her preservation sion. As the plants throw out the seeds that produce other plants which take their place when they have themselves decayed, so the Church organized by Christ preserves her life and integrity, and meets the exigencies of the hour bv the transmission of the Apostolic Office, with all its duties, its graces, and its responsibilities, from age to age, from generation to generation, from her duly ord^ed minis ters to others appointed and called by God to the sublime office of the Apostolate. These circumstances all combined, my dear brethren, cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you tore ioice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from oranngr yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salvation, charged with the onerous duty of governing this vast diocese, with a full knowledge of all its wants and requirements. But for you, my Lord, placed as you are to-day as a watchman on the towers of Israel, whose light is this day placed on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men now and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Christ this day makes you a commander of His hosts, with all the powers and with all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, which is His agent in this great work, has endeavoured to impress them on you in the beautiful ceremonial which we are all witnessing with such delight, and which causes you to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who by the imposition of their hands pour upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened " to feed the flock of God which is among you, taking care thereof not by con straint, but willingly, according to God, neither for the sake of filthy lucre but voluntarily, neither as domineering over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock from the heart." While all around you, both prelates, priests, and people, are joyful at your eleva tion to the Episcopate, you, my Lord, deeply impressed with the awful responsibility of the dignity to which you have been, through the mercy of God, raised4to-day, seem, if I rightly inteipret the sentiments of your inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Ade laide may have in you a worthy and useful ad ministrator, so that when the Prince of Pastors shall appear you shall receive a never-fading crown of glory. Impressed with the same spirit, and entering into your feelings, I shall endeavour to point out the duties of your office, so that all realizing to some extent its heavy burden, may sympathize with you in the anxieties that press on you heavily just now, may aid you by their prayers, and in the course of your Episcopate— whfchl trust will be alongand useful one—may, by their docility and obedience, alleviate its cares and lessen its numerous responsibilities. When of ] old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctifying him and making Mm a prophet unto the nations, He said to him " Whatsover I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at their presence, for I am with thee to deliver thee. Behold I have given My words in thy mouth; so I have set thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms to root up and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, and to build and to plant. Thou therefore gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be not afraid at their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their coun tenance. For behold I have made thee this day a fortified city and a pillar of iron and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judak, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land." By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission was given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose was sanctified in his mother's womb. He was commissioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews, but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewam both kings and princes of the land, and the priests and people, of the dreadful calamities that would befal them if they were not converted to the Lord. His mission was not so much to waste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisements of heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked ways of sin, the cause of all the miseries which had covered the laud. But the mission with which our young Bishop is charged to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and perrogatives, and therefore conveys graces more numerous and more significant, symbolized by the beauty, the magnificence and variety of the ceremonial at which we have all assisted with such profit. Christ confers on him to-day not only the power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to his angels in heaven of binding and loosing with the full assurance that the sentence pronounced by Him here on earth shall be ratified and eon firmed in heaven. The words addressed by Our Lord to his apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates who take a part in the consecration to-day, but their wondrous significance^ is as fully realised as when pronounced by Christ himself " As the Father hath sent Me so I also send you. All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world by which words the Apostles were not only appointed Christ's messengers to speak, to preach, and to reprove, but they were made the possessors of these powers and the treasurers of His heavenly gifts. And in such a way did they inherit these powers that whoso ever would reject them would be rejecting God himself. " He that heareth you heareth Me; he that despiseth you despiseth Me." Behold, my dear brethren, what we witness here to-day, the fulness and perfection of the priesthood^ con ferred on your Bishop, that he may exercise its functions for the advantage of both priests aud people, and dispense its wonderful graces to the souls of men. Truly he is set up to- day as a master in Israel, as a faithful sentinel on the heights of Mount Sion to guide and direct, to build and to plant, to root up and pull down, to waste and to destroy, to exercise for a time the wondrous powers of the eternal priesthood of Christ, to sanctify your souls in His name, and to raise them up from the sorrows of this valley of tears to Heavenly bliss and glory everlasting. Yes, my brethren, I repeat it, it is not simply a declaratory power with which he is invested, but a real life-giving power is conferred on Viim by which he shares God's heavenly gifts, that he may convey them to his flock, and dispense food, medicine, and whatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pilgrimage here. on earth. And, my brethren, if to-day your Bishop becomes the treasurer of greater powers and blessings than were vouchsafed of old to the Prophet Jeremias, we need not be ashamed to confess that the miseries and calamities which have come upon the world in this age of boasted civilisation and progress point out to us the necessity of their being dispensed in season and out of season for the benefit of the faithful, who are continually led astray by the false maxims of the world, and by the perverse teaching of false prophets. For never perhaps before was the Church of Christ, her Supreme Head, and her Bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias were set up by God as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a pillar of iron and a wall of brass, because of the evils that then prevailed, how much more necessary now-a-days, when the kings and princes of the world have all conspired against Christ and His anointed, and are set up in battle array against His holy Church; and when, to mse the words of the Fathers of the "Vatican Council, " unceasing efforts are made by modern rationalism to banish Christ our Lord and our Saviour from the minds of men, and from the life and customs of the nations;" how much more necessary, I say, is it that those who are appointed rulers of the Church of God should be filled with His Holy Spirit, and furnished with all the weapons necessary to fight a good fight, to preserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry. If the Apostle St. Paul oould address the Christians in his day in the following words :— " Put you on the armour of God that you may oe able to stand against the snares of the DeviL For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood; but against principalities and powers# against the rulers of the world of thjg darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places. Wherefore take unto you the armour of God that you may be able to resist in the evil day and to stand in ad things perfect." And again, if the same Apostle could admonish his beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in view the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, " I charge thee before God and Jesus Christ, who shall judge the living and the dead, by His coming and His kingdom, preach the Word; be instant fri. f reprove, entreaty >ebiik& with ell patience 'ahS doctrine, for there shall be a "lame when they win not "bear sound - doctrine, but aecording to their] own desires they will heap to themselves teachers having-itobing eax& and will torn, away indedd their hearing from the truth, and will be turned to fables. But.be thou vigilant, labour in all! things, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry." My brethren, bow much stronger grounds have we for repeating the same admonitions to the young prelate who by the imposition of hands inherits tho same . graces, the same powers, the same authority that was vouchsafed to Timothy, that he too, for the advantage of bis flook, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine; may be ever vigilant, labour fin all things, do the work of a Bishop, and_ fulfil his ministry. Tes, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic Bishop axe such as to be dreaded even by angels; for he is called upon not only to oppose the maxims of a world which ignores God and despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard his nock from the pernicious principles which are continually circu lated in the public Press, subversive alike of tbe supernatural and natural order established by Ged for the benefit of mankind. The principles which are now commonly proclaimed in the world withdraw man from the control of all religious influence. Wbat is known as the " naturalism" of the present age banishes God from all the arrangements of human affairs, whether affecting the nations of the earth, the family circle, or tho individual; utterly ignoring His Holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion. Indeed, the enemies of religion, as has been observed by the present glorious Pontiff, aim at the destruction of that necessary coherence or connection that by God's arrangement intervenes between the natural and supernatural order. It is the old conflict between good and evil, between obedience and revolt, between the Church and the world, between God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism rejects altogether the in fluence of supernatural revelation; it only re gards the interests of .this world, and drives men on to the attainment of their ambitious purposes without any regard to the Creator of the universe, whom they do not recognise as superior to themselves, if they acknowledge His existence at all. By this resistance to divine authority is brought on rebellion to human, which derives its force and sanction from its Author, who is no other but God. " Those who sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind." Hence we find that opinions are propagated which strike at the very founda tions of [Christianity, introducing a fatal system of rationalism, and virtually excluding any intervention of Providence from the world. Hence even the sacred character of the mar riage contract is ignored, and all its sacra mental influences and graces are set aside. As a necessary consequence we find divorce legalized in the midst of Christian com munities in defiance of the Word of God that what He has joined it should be lawful for ne man to put asunder. Hence, too, in this age of progress the very foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the education of youth, and to withdraw their minds from all religious in "fluence—to banish God and His Holy Church from the school. Systems of education are pro pounded which only embrace the knowledge of human affairs, and to pay no attention to the interests of immortal souls. The Catholic Church, on the contrary, continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of our Divine j Lord—" What doth it profit a man if he gain J the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul?" What wiil it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain tbe greatest success in tbis world, if through their fault, and by being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the loss of that faith without which it is impossible to please God? In tbis question of education the voice of the Church has been continually raised in the interests of youth, in order to pro tect them from the snares which are laid for their destruction, and which are devised for the purpose of undermining their faith. Our present Holy Father Pope Pius IX. has declared that ' 'Catholics cannot approve of a system of educatin g youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of social life." In other words, Catholics cannot approve of an education which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. It will, therefore, be your duty, my Lord, to take care, indeed, of the whole flock over which the Holy Ghost has placed you as Bishop, but in particular to watch over children and young men. To use the memo rable words of the illustrious Pontiff, Pius YH., addressed in the year 1800 to the Bishops of the Catholic world—"Children ought to be the especial object of your paternal love, your vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all your care. They who have tried to subvert society and families, to destroy authority divine and human, have spared no pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easily to carry into effect their infamous projects. They know that the mind and heart of young persons, like soft wax, to which one may give what form he pleases, are very susceptible of every sort of impression ; that they keep tenaciously, when age has now hardened them, those which they had early received, and reject others. Thence the well-known proverb, taken from the Scriptures—'A young man according to his way, even when he is old he will not depart from it.' Suffer not, then, venerable brethren, the children of this world to be more prudent in this respect than the children of light. Examine, therefore, with the greatest attention to what manner of persons is confided tbe edu cation of children, and the young men in the colleges and seminaries; of what sort are the instructions given them; what sort of schools exist among you ; of what ssrt are the teachers in the Lyceums. Examine into all this with the greatest care; sound everything; let nothing escape your vigilant eye. Keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these inno cent lambs; drive out of the sheepfold those which have gotten in; remove them as soon as can be; for such is the power which has been given to youbythe Lord for the edification of your sheep." These are the words of the venerable Pontiff, PiusVTL, which Itakethelibertyof addressing to you, my Lord, to-day, and to remind you of the ever tender care and anxious solicitude which you are called on to extend to the little ones of the fold. I regret that in the discharge of the duty imposed upon me on this solemn occasion I should be obliged to say something in regard to the differences that have within the last few years sprung up amongst the peaceful com munity of South Australia on the subject of education; but unfortunately that spirit of liberalism which has characterized the old country in Europe, and which has been waging a continual war against the Church of God in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, has found its way into these colonies, and our statesmen who control the destinies of this fair and promising land have not hesitated to walk in the footsteps of the crafty statesmen of the other hemisphere, who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve to enslave the Church of God, to crush her power, and to banish her priests from the schools^ and colleges over which from time im memorial they exercised their legitimate autho rity. It is a matter of regret that in this free land these principles should find any countenance or support, and that any section of the com munity, no matter how small or insignificant, 1 should be deprived of their legitimate rights or j privileges on account of their conscientious views. It is, however, a fact which I cannot but deplore on this occasion, that the Catholios of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from or share in the funds which are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is called common or mixed education is pro claimed throughout the length and breadth of South Australia, and what has been accom plished in many countries of Europe and America, to the great detriment of religion. The_ public schools and other institutions destined for the education of Catholic youth are withdrawn from the authority of the Church, from the control of her legitimate pastors, and from the benign influence of religion. The present glorious Pontiff, Piux IX., ex pounds so clearly and so forcibly the views of the Catholic Church on this important subject, in his famous letter, addressed some years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, that I cannot forbear quoting from it at some length:—" It is not wonderful," he says, " that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to corrupt the training- and education of youth, and there is no doubt that the greatest injury is inflicted on society when the directing authority and salutary power of the Church are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For this society is, little by little, de prived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life, his last end hereafter, eternal happiness. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies; and education which, without the aid ' ofChristian'dpefrtne,' and* of ftasalutcrry 'moral precepts,' instructs "die minds and mbulds die' tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, mufet infallibly produce a generation whioh will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. But if this detes table system of education, so far removed from Catholio faith : and eooleslastioal authority, becomes a source of cvIIb both to Individuals and to society when it was employed In the higher teachings, and in schools frequontod by the hotter class, who does net see that the samo system will give rise to still greater ovila if it bo introduced into primary schools 'I For it is In those schools above all that the children of the people ought to lie carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to bo trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civil)ration, )» such schools religious touching ought to have mq leading a placo in all that eonoerim education and instruc tion, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whonovor in the schools education is not closoly united with religious teaching. Where foro, since primary schools are estshiisheii chiefly to give the neopie a religions education and in tend them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other eduoational hmUlotiuOn all the care, soli, citude, and vlgilauoe of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary suhoois from the control of tbo Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into street are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her and by the desiro of extinguishing among tho people the divine light of our holy faith. The Chinch which has foundod those schools has ever re garded them with tho greatest care ami interest, and looked upon thorn m tho chief abject of her ecclesiastical authority and government, and whatsoever removed thorn from her in flicted serious injury both on her and on tho schools. Those who protand that tho Church ought to abdicate or suspond her control and her salutary action upon tho primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation; and in whatever country this perniciouB design of removing tho schools from the ecclesiastical authority should ho enter tained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not only to use hor best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church." It is unnnces sary for me to remind this congregation that our Holy Father the Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is the Supreme Ruler of the Church, the infallible teacher of divine truth, who holds the place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of tho universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God Himself, whose representative he is on earth. But it may be said that the system of education adopted in this colony does not banish religious teaching from the primary schools; for I learn that it is proposed that the Holy Scriptures should be read by the children attending the Government or public schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our objection, but rather increases our opposition to and disapproval of the system ; for without taking in bo consideration the memo rable words of St. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scrptures hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that religious instruc tion must be given under the authority of her legitimate pastors, and by those duly appointed by her Bishops. I have in my hands a remark able petition, signed by the Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, which was presented to the British Parliament in the year 1824; that is to say, Ave years before Catholic emancipation, when the Irish Catholics were engaged in their great struggle to live as free citizens in their native land. It shows that, though the Catholics of Ireland were at that time debarred from the exercise of their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings under which they groaned for almost 300 years only had the effect of making them more stedfast in their faith, and more attached to the principles and prac tices of their holy religion. I quote the follow ing passage from the petition to whicn I refer. They say ,(that in the Roman Catholic Church the literary and religious instruction of youth are universally combined, and that no system of education which separates them canbe acceptable to the members of her Communion; that the re ligious instruction of youth in Catholic schools is always conveyed' by means of catechetical in struction, daily prayer, and the reading of reli gious books, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated; that Roman Catholics have ever considered the reading of the sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the Word of God is made liable to irreverence, youth exposed to misunderstand its meaning, and thereby not unfrequently to receive in early life impressions which may afterwards prove injurious to their own best interests, as well as to those of the society which they are destined to form; that schools whereof the master professes a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruction as the Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in which books and tracts not sanctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted to by the children of Roman Catholics; and that threats and rewards have been found equally unavail ing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to procure education for their children from such persons or in such schools; that any system of education incompatible with the discipline | of. the Catholic Church, or superintended ex- i clusively by persons professing a religion diffe- ! rent from that of the vast majority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating of ten distrust and discord, as well as a want of that mutual good faith and perfect confidence which should pre vail between those who receive benefits and those who dispense them." These words, written so many years ago by the prelates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the present day in these colonies that—although I admit we are living under very different cir cumstances, and enjoying the rights granted to us all under the Constitution—I have taken the liberty of quoting them. We Catholics profess our belief in the Scriptures, but at the same time we declare that neither the con science, the reason, the light, nor the moving spirit of each individual is the legitimate inter preter of them, but the Church of God, the pillar and ground of truth, to which has been entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the enlightenment and "guidance of her children, and hand it down, un tarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from generation to generation, until time shall be no more. I am well aware that the course pursued by the Catholics of this and other colonies, and especially by the Bishops in regard to education, has frequently been made the subject of severe strictures and comments. It has been said that we desire to have the whole education of the country in our own hands, to enforce our views not only on our own flocks, but even on those who differ from us in religion. We are charged with the desire to appropriate to our own purposes, and accord ing to our own views, the public funds destined for the educational interests of the colonies. It has been said, notwithstanding our repeated assurances to the contrary, that we object to our schools being inspected and examined as to the character of the teaching given in them, and as to their general efficiency, by Govern ment officials, or by those duly appointed by the Boards of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have repeatedly said before. The Bishops, as in duty bound, are making every sacrifice to secure a good Catholic education for their own flocks; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as rulers of a portion of the Church, of Christ, and chief pastors of His flock, responsible to the Prince of Pastors for every soul committed to their charge, it is their first and paramount duty to attend to the pastures in which the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines witb which they are nourished. But the rights which the Bishops and Catholics of these colonies claim for themselves they cheer fully grant to those of other communions. If they prefer mixed education, as far as we are concerned, by all means let them have it ; and should any other system be agreeable to any particular sect, let them have their way, and let them be entitled to a proportionate share of the public funds destined for education, provided the secular teaching be found on enquiry and examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catholics, on the other hand, shall he always ready to admit the inspectors into our schools to examine their state and effi ciency, and if on a fair and impartial examina tion they are found not to reach the standard as to the course of secular teaching let the Govern ment aid be withdrawn. But if in our Catholic schools the course of secular teaching is found >a&facti;>ry, and fo 'meet all the requirements tif fhe law, let *~not the teaching of the holy Catholic faith or of its holy practices deprive us" of the pecuniary aids" to which by the law of the land we may be entitled, and from which we should not be debarred on account of our re religious and conscientious views. Behold, my Lord, the great mission which is placed in your hands to-day. like Jeremias, the Prophet^ you are mode a fortified city to defend this diocese, ,to secure a good Catholic educatior for its Catholic people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your rights; and you are made a wall of brass over all this dioceso{ to resist the aggressions and efforts of those in power who would banish from your Catholic schools that holy religion for which your and their fathers bled and died. " For behold 1 have made you this day a forti fied city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of hrnas over all tho land, to the Kings of Judah, to tho princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of tho land. Be not afraid of their presouco, for 1 will make thee not to fear their countenance, and they shall fight against thee, and shall not prevail. For I am with thee, sniUi tho Lord, to deliver thee." And our IMvfito Itedeornor, when sending his Apostles en the name mission with which he charges you to-day, ho announced to them that they would he brought before governors, and before kings, and he said:—" But when they shall deliver you up, bo not thoughtful how or what to speak, for it shall be given"you in that hour what to speak. For it is not you that spoak, but tho spirit of the Father that spoakotb in you." But it was not only to the kings and princes of Jud&h; Jero ntias was sent, but to tho priests and people of tho land; and so you to-day, my Lord, are ap pointed tho guide, tho light, and Father of both priests and pooplo in this vast diocese. It is true that tho priests now under your jurisdiction are, in many respocte, like you—the helpers of God, His agents and instruments, freely co operating with Christ in that great work which lie prizes so highly, on which His heart was sot from eternity, which caused Him to come down to this earth, for which He laboured and died. They are your equals in that which is most sublime—the offering of the great sacrifice, and the administration of many of the sacra ments. But you now possess this power in its fullness; and moreover, it is under your autho rity that they discharge their duties and exercise tho solemn functions of the ministry. It is for you to assign to each one his sphere of action, to quicken, rule, and,direct; to be the eye that sees all, that watches over all, that is account able to God and responsible to men for all. To you alone belongs that authority which is the guardian and the pledge of faithful adherence to duty in this portion of the vineyard of the Lord. You have only to consider the various figures under which the Church of God, and your relations to it, are represented, to form a correct idea of the character of your sacred office. The Church you know is represented as the spouse] of Jesus ^Christ, pure and unde filed, not having spot or wrinkle. Her purity entrusted to your guardianship. It is for you, with the powerful weapons which God has placed in your hands, to preserve that purity, and to war against all that wouid tarnish her beauty. If tms Church of Adelaide during her long .widewhood has suffered from any abuses or irre gularities that may have crept in, it will be your duty to remove them. You are called on by the nature of your office to protect and defend her, and to wage an incessant war against all that would sully her fair name. Again, the Church is represented as an army in battle array, and you are placed at the head of this army to guide and direct it in the great battle in which all are engaged against the world, the flesh, and the devil. All your flock are indeed fighting in the same cause, but under your authority and command. And if you fail for want of vigilance, or singleness of purpose, or devoted ness, it will be vain to expect victory from the bravery of those under your charge. The Church is a ship bearing a precious freight to the heavenly port through the troubled sea of this world, and you are its pilot appointed to steer it through the rocks and quicksands that are sure to come in her way in whatever course you may direct it. If you fail in a vigilant eye or a steady hand, nothing but confusion among those who are under your care, and total wreck will be their lot. The Church is a house —the house of God; you are a steward in that house; to you are committed all its treasures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last day you may have to rejoice that you have been God's faithful minister in dispensing the treasures that were entrusted to your safe keeping. Onerous duties have been imposed upon you to-day; all your efforts must be directed to the interests of this Church of Adelaide, to which you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble bond, symbo lized by [the ring which has been put upon your finger. The cross too has been placed upon your breast to remind you that you will have trials and afflictions, winch most be borne with all meekness and patience; and the staff which you bear in your hand reminds you of the power and authority which you have received from Jesus Christ for the edification of the people entrusted to your pastoral care. And yet, my Lord, how different is your position from that of the Prophet Jeremias, to whom it was announced by the Lord that not only the kings of Judah. and the princes thereof, but also the priests and the people, should fight against him, and yet he was to fear them not. But you, my Lord, are here to-day, surrounded by your priests and faithful people, who have come here to testify their affection, their loyalty, and obedience to your sacred person, and to assure you that nothing will be wanting on their part to lighten the heavy responsibilities of your sacred office. Yes, my Lord, you will allow me to say, before I conclude, the position you hold ought to encourage and sustain you in discharging the onerous duties which you undertake to-day. The prelates, the clergy, and the people prostrate before the altar of God in this noble Cathedral, have offered their fer vent and_ united prayers that you may be en dowed with that strength and fulness of the Spirit of God to govern this diocese with wisdom, moderation, and firmness. This union which exists between you, the clergy, and your people, of which I see a signal proof before me in this vast congregation, is a pledge to me that this diocese under your administration will bo a fortified city, a pillar of iron, a wall of brass, and like an army in battle array will advance to victory. This closed the ceremony, after which TTig Grace, their Lordships, and the clergy were entertained at luncheon by Dr. Gunson. , 