AN AMERICAN SNOW STORM. Some of ourreaders will remember Long fellow's touching description of a ' cold and cruel winter,' in his grand song of ' Hiawatha,' when the gaunt ghosts of famine, frost, and fever entered the wig wam of Minnehaha or' LaughingWater,' the youthful bride of Hiawatha, .in the State of Minnesota. The winter there so finely described has been reproduced during the last year in Minnesota, and the story as told by a correspondent of the New York Herald is one of the most tragic which could well be imagined. The settlers in the Far North-west are principally hardy Scandinavians, who by their patient and industrious labor have turned the wild prairie into fruitful gardens. They have subdued the earth,' and made it tolerably fit for the abodes of men. This, however, has not been done without suffering and danger. In the winter season the Ice King of the North holds high carnival in Minnesota, and the hardy settlers have learnt by experience how to prepare for it. Food is sometimes scant enough, and it is the custom of the settlers to lay in a sufficient stock of food and fuel before the hard winter months come on. During the last season, however, the weather was unusually cold, and the frost and snow long continued. On the 7th of January there was a sudden clearing up. The sun, long hidden, broke forth in un expected splendor, and it seemed as if a new and more propitious season had begun. This change was hailed with de light by many of the settlers in Min nesota. The New York Herald says : — 'At the nearest settlement they were getting short of fuel ; there was but a handful of flour at the bottom of the barrel, not a scrap of meat was left ; but the snow had ceased, their shaggy little horses were well again, so every farmer hitched his team for the town. In the little cottages of wood were women and children ; the schpolhouses were full of little ones. Such was the country, thus its dwellers, when the blow fell. Nature would seem to have arrogated to herself all the savage attributes which had marked her first children there — their careful and patient watch for an easy opportunity, and then sudden and relent less onslaught.' Many of the farmers and their sons had started in their compact little waggons to lay in a stock of food and fuel to tide them over that portion of the winter which still remained. The wives and mothers, with their helpless little ones, remained at home, in anxious expec tation of the return of those who had gone forth on an errand of necessity and mercy. Though the morn ing was bright and sunny, at noon the whole scene changed. The sun was turned into blood, the south wind chopped round rapidly, became, bitterly cold, and in a few minutes was laden with frost and snowdrift. It has been remarked by Arctic travellers that the most intense cold without wind can be easily borne, but when a fierce wind, comes with the cold, then men's hearts seem to die within them. So it was with those Minnesota farmers. The snowstorm, accompanied by a biting wind, came suddenly, and in most cases found the poor travellers un prepared. ' Then the work of death Began ; for more than fifty hours, till late on Thursday, the freezing wind and falling snow continued. It was not a steady fall of snow, but a howling hurricane, the wind sometimes attaining a speed of 28, 30, or 32 miles. The snow came in fitful hurries, with a wild screech and a singing whizz. The thermometer fell steadily, till at Chambyslam it registered 54 degrees, below zero.' Then came the trial of the courage and endurance of the travellers. They who could read the signs of the storm hastily turned back, but others pursued their course, hoping against hope, until the poor terrified animals could proceed no further. ; f Then the snorting horses that toiled along pressed with their heaving flanks closerfto each other for warmth and dumb pro tection and sympathy. The driver felt himself becoming listless ; his cold limns were growing warm, and warned of the swift coming of death, he turned and retraced his steps.' Others, however, succumbed to their fate, and giving up the unequal strife, lay down in the snow to sleep the sleep that knows no waken ng. They died where they fell, and their horses died beside them. It is estimated that from 250 to 300 souls perished in that awful storm, and in many cases the poor wives and young children were no better off at home. They were ' snowed in,' their cottages were buried ; after burning their little furniture to obtain some warmth, and finding all in vain, helpless wives and mothers gathered their babes around them and lay down and died. For many years to come the winter of 1872-3 will be mournfully remembered on the plains of Minnesota. Happily the people of England know nothing experimentally of the horrors of a winter like this. Up to Christmas the season was unusually mild. There had been no snow, and no frost to speak of. Had it been otherwise, the suffering of the poor must have been something frightful. Coal was at famine prices, and it was difficult to find sufficient to cook the small amount of food which the very poorest could obtain. If to this had been added the horrors of a severe winter, it is hardly possible to imagine what the result would have been. There is a Higher Power that tempers the wind to the shorn lamb, and this season the manifestations of that Power have been seen. We see that an influential English paper has taken advantage of the recent calamity to read the people of England a lesson on their wasteful expenditure of fuel, in which it is alleged that England is more reckless than any civilised country in the world. The writer says ; — ' The American stove is admitted by all who have used it to be infinitely better for cooking and washing purposes than our kitchen ranges and open grates ; and at the same time the severe win ters of Canada, Illinois, and Mas sachusetts would be unendurable if the houses of Chicago, Quebec, and Boston were furnished with the costly open firesides of England. At about one-third of the outlay in fuel expended by her sisters in this metropolis, the American housewife contrives to have her house warmed, and her cooking, washing, and baking done to perfection. The iron monger who could induce Englishwomen to adopt any of the multifarious cast-iron stoves employed universally in the United States would go down to his grave as one who, in Latin phrase, ' had deserved well of his country.' ' There can be no doubt that English people, however economical in other things, are sadly extravagant in the use of fuel. Coal has been for many years so cheap there, that it has been used with wanton prodigality. What is worse, a large amount of its heating power has been wasted. The rise in the price of coal, however, will probably lead to greater economy in its use, and every means will be adopted to save it. According to present appearance, the increase in rits cost] will be permanent, and Englishmen will have to learn a lesson as to its use from the practical Americans. We sometimes feel irritated and an noyed at the few insufferably hot days which we have in this colony. But we should remember that heat does not kill as cold does, nor does it cause so much suffering where it does not kill. Com pared with the hardy Scandinavians who dwell in the Far North- West of America, our lot is a very favorable one. The lines have fallen to us in pleasant places. We have, taken as a whole, a most de lightful climate, and whatever incon veniences we have to suffer, we are afc least spared such terrible afflictions as those which have recently befallen the poor farmers in Minnesota. 