IN THE GLOAMING. * In the Gloaming to bo roaming, where the crested waves are foaming, And the shy mormaidens combing locks that ripple to their feet ; When tho Gloaming is, I never mado tho ghost of an endeavour To discover-but whatever were tho hour, it would be sweot. "To their feet," I say, for Leech's skotch indisputably teaches That tho mermaids of our beaches do not end in ugly tails, Nor have homes among^the corals ; but are [shod with neat balmorals, An arrangement no one quarrels with, as many might with scales. Sweet to roam beneath a shady cliff, of courso with some young lady, Lalage, Nerera, Haidee, or Elaine, or Mary Ann ; Lore, you dear delusive dream you ! Very sweet your victims deem you, When, heard only by the seamow, they talk all the stuff one can. Sweet to baste a liconsed lover, to Miss Pinkerton the glover, Having managed to discover what is dear Neora's " Bize :" P'raps to touch that wrist so slender, as your tiny gift you tender, And to read you're no offender in those laughing hazel eyes. Thon to hear her call you " Harry," when she makes you fetch and carry O young men about to marry, what a blessed thing it is ! To be photographed-together-cased in pretty Russia leather Hear her gravely doubting whether they have spoilt your honest phiz ! Then to briner your plighted fair one first a ring-a rioh and raro one Next a bracelet, if she'll wear one, and a heap of things beside ; And serenely bonding o'er her, to inquire if it would bore her To say when her own adorer may aspire to call her bride ! Then, the days of courtship over, with your WIFE to start fer Dover Or Dieppe-and live ia clover evermore, whate'er befalls : For I've read in many a novel that, unless they've souls that grovel, Folks prefer in fact a hovel to your dreary marble halls : To sit, happy marriod lovers : Phillis trifling with a plover's Egg, while Corydon uncovers with a grace the Sally Lunn, Or dissects tho lucky pheasant-that, I think, were passing pleasant : As I sit alone at present, dreaming darkly of a Dan. * From *' Ply Leaves," by O. S. Calverley, Anstrallan edition. Q-, Robertson, Molbourno. 