THE OPEN GO'LHMH fNo letter attended to unless Verified by the name and address of the miter. Jso manuscripts returnod. Correspondents must be prepared in all cases to take the legal consequences (If any) resulting from the pfblica tiML of their letters.] OUR MELBOURNE LRTTER AND MR. JAMES SMITH. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—So many and such, extraordinary mis statements occur in a recent letter from your Melbourne correspondent that I must ask per mission to correct them. I have passed through no^ y phases of unbelief I am not a Spiritualist; I belong to no " French magnetic school," and have never heard of such a school. Xhave no " disciples" or "followers." I pro pagate no "new belief," nor theories, nor doc trines, and make no " Sunday raids," whatever that may mean. So far from Mr. Farie Mac george being my "chief apostle," I should be glad to learn of him, were it not that we both fcnow_ that all knowledge that is worth the knowing must come from the Father; that no man teach another; and that, in order to bewhafyourcorrespondent calls "aprofound theologian," a person must become a slave to the systems, doctrines, creeds, philosophies, or wild speculations of men whose minds have been killed by the letter of the Bible, and whose chief occupation appears to ba that of weaving the thickest and darkest of curtains wherewith to hide the Creator from His crea tures. What is spoken and written through certain human instruments employed for thiB purpose —instruments who are in themselves nothing,' and of no importance whatsoever to the Father, who is making use of them—may be summed up in a very few words. The period at which the globe will undergo that purification by fire which was predicted from the beginning, is very close at band j i'so close that the. physical premonitions of it are multiplying all around us every day. Then will take place the judgment in tile flesh—the separation of the wheat from the tares, of the spiritually quick from the spiritually dead. Whatever is of the earth earthy will perish with the present, shell of the globe. All who have lived for the world, the flesh, and the devil, will be blotted; out of existence. To the remnant of the race—the children of obedience, to whom Christ communicated the Holy Spirit when he was on the earth before—will be given an immortal soul, that is to say, a portion of the Divine nature of the Father. But this is only possible upon one condition, nameley, the sur render of self—the animal or human nature—the carnal, mind, which is enmity to God, to be con sumed by the sacrificial fire of the Holy Spirit, crucified within us, just a3 the human body in which Christ was incarnated was crucified on the cross. All saorifical offerings from the first by "righteous Abel" to the last on Calvary, foreshadowed the "daily sacrifice" spoken of by Daniel, which has now to take place in all who are capable of receiving eternal life. As soon as that is accomplished, will come the end. This is now explioitlyand emphatically stated to man by the Most High, speaking' to him through human instruments; and, aB a matter of course, it will be received with derision and incredulity by the religious on the one hand, and by the scoffers on the other, just as it was by the .very same classes when they were known by the names of Pharisees and Sad duoees, 1,800 years ago. The Father's message was then delivered on the shores of the Medi terranean and the Levant, because among the nations planted there were incarnated the minds which were alone capable of receiving the Holy Spirit. It was to them Christ en joined his disciples to "preach the Gospel"— not the New Testament, because not a single line of it had been committed to paper at that time—but to impart the Holy Spirit, they being the channels through which it had to be con veyed, and before Paul had finished his career, as he told the Colossians, the Gospel had been preached to—i,e., the Holy Ghost had been bestowed upon—"every creature which is under heaven.''' Moat of {those who then received it—that is to say their minds as distinguished from the numerous earthly garments they have worn— are in Australia; and therefore the work has been commenced by theFatherhere, whoemploys for the ingathering of His children precisely the same instrument—His Son included—who were used for the preparatory work 1,800 years ago in Palestine. I am, Sir, &c.;, james,smith. Melbourne, Marob 20,1873. 