CFHIARIN'VS ITALIAN OIRCUS. "This popular place of entertainment was thoroughly crowded' lost Monday night: in every part, upwardes'of 3,000 persons being in the vast aniphitheatro. The programme was worthy of the occasion, consisting of a. number of thoeehoieest acts that the company produce,:nnd the performers evidently ex erted .'thmselves so as to appear to the :greatest advaitage. There were several acts that had not been, before presented, as.La Valencians, a; spanish. dance, with. costa-..' 'nettes on horsebacl, by Miss Amelia Brydges, and the infant gymnasts, in which Mr W. Cirlo' iitroduced four juvenile pupils. in a. graeeful hi't difficult posturing act. The whole performance had proceeded without a hitch until nearly the end of the programme, when, just as Belen Cuba and Miss Amelia Brydges had mounted their horses for the last equestrian feat, a loud crash was heard,. add a portion of the upper seats in the centre of the family circle gave way, precipitating some 40 or 50 persons to the ground. The scone that immediately onsued was one of extreme confusion; in every part of the circus the people rose, and a general rush was miade for' the. open area in the centre. Women screamed and childron' cried, but' above all arose loud cries of"Keep your seats," and as it was quickly soon that only a comparatively small part of the vast structure had given way, confidence and order were soon restored. A number of persons left, and this tended still further to reassuro those who remained, and in, a few minutes those who retreated to the ring went back to their. scats, and the performers reappeared and completed their fteat. The porformanoe was? then closed with a most laughable panto . ..... ... . . '. /. . .? mime; On inquiry it was found that although several persons had sustained contusions and outs, yet none were of a serious character, and all who had sustained any injury at once received the attentions of a medical gentle. man, Drrtotherwell, who happened to be near. T1~e building had been ereoted of very J substantial timber, and had been passed by t the city surveyor, and the general strength t of the structure was shown by the fact that t although the chasm made by the collapse e might have been supposed to have weakened the adjacent parts, yet on examination they appeared to be as strong as ever. The densely crowded audience was without doubt a the primary cause of the accident, but upon examining the stringer that had broken it was found that the fracture had occurred where there were two blind knots in the timber, Those who had been injured were forwarded home by Signor Chiarini's agent, and will be waited on by him in the morn. t ing, in order to ascertain more fully the i extent of their injuries. Ton OAPTAnte Or Tne: NOaTetLEET.- The London correspondent of the Bireringham Newa ?ie-- - folliin?ginctdebts,.connected with r Captain Oatos and Captain Knowles :-For more than seven years Captain Oates has been fretting and fumlnig in the toils which the Tichborne case cast around him, as being an important witness against the claimant. Captain Oates is the only man living who saw lioger Tichborne safe abohrd the BelRi at Rio, bound to Ne? York, and he was suhbp?oaed, by; the council for the young heir as soon as the claim of the popularly esteemed Sir "Roger was put in,. When the :Northfleet: was ready for sea Captain Oates secretly feared'deten tion, but as ;he had already 'made a dopbsition, which was in the hands of the leading counsel for the prosecution, he put a bold face on matters and went on with his preparations for the voyage as if no submUna were hanging ing ver his head. When the lawyers heard that the Northfleot was about to sail they intimated to Captain Oates that he was !wanted" in April, and must not sail un. .der heavy penalties. " Fine me £200 or £300 of you like," said he, ' but I must.sail on Saturday J next." To which the reply was " No; we must have your body in court, andif you attempt to sail you will be arrested." The Nortliflet was to have saillid on Saturday the 11th of February, and only on the previous day Captain Oates, from information' receiroed in the shape cf eundry for midable instructious"of theolaw, said it would be I impossible for'him to sail' After a hasty'cousil.' tation it was decided :to give the command to 3 Captain Knowles, who had sailed with Captain I Oates for five' years, and of whom a very high opinion was held. All the personal effects of Captain and Mrs. Oates were on board, and these J were hastily removed to give place to those of the new captain and his.bride, Mr. Knowles had been engaged for some time to be marrled, but he I always said he would wait till he'got a command. The waitinig was so long that about Christmas he determined to tarry no longer, and hero with I wonderful good luck, as it appeared to the poor fellow, a command tumbled into his hands when he had beon married only a fow weeks. ' aond I Mrs Knowles gave:dp the aparimeits which they, had jusi talieel'id fitrnished,'and eon Wednaeday' week Mrs Knowles joiued the ship at Gravesend,' ,sking up her residence .in?'the superior rcabins which Captain Oates had specially fitted up for himself and his wife. The rest of the story .the ( world knows ; but there are some curious inci dents connected withit which Captain Oates has communicated to me, and which have not yet I been 'published. About seven years ago, Mlr Knowles being ,then chief officer. an emigrant ship outward bound from London was lying in I the Down ,' when his. ship was run into by a steamer and cut down' to the w.ter's 'edge. .For. tunately, assistance was at hand, and she' was towed back safely to Londeo, and there under weat repairs.. What adds greatly to the remark. able character of the coincidence is that George Brook, the pilot in charge of the Northfleet at the time of her. being run down, was also in charge of the other emigrant ship of which the hapless captain was chief mate. I NAo'oLEN III.--Georges Sand publishes in the Tempo an interesting study on the late Emperor Napoleon III..' She says that he never-deserved to be,treated as a monster or an idiot.. As a private individual he had sterling qualities, and from her own experience she bears testimony, to the sincere and generous side of his character. His dreams for the aggrandisement of France were hardly compatible with a strong, mind, but thoy'wer'certainly not that of a weakone. Nor could France have been so degraded as to allow one man supreme power for 20 years if he had been an idot working for himself alone. The Sfact is that France mistook for a fixed star what was but a passing meteor, and that silent dreamer for a profound politician. Then, when he fell, abh turned round upon him and said he was a coward. He was not. He possessed i cool courage, and did not hold to life. He felt him self overwhelmed, tired of his part, tired perhaps of himself. The first time after the 2nd of De-. cember he rode through Paris on horseback, along the boulevards he had cleared a day or two before with grape-shot, Madame Sand compared him with Don Quixote. But those who came to hiss remained to cheer. It was a real triumph. \- e appeared astonished, and probably attributed his success to the caracolings of his horse. IlHe knew the Parisians, and dared accordingly. Some said he was brazen-faced. Madame Hand gives an instance. lHe had ordered the Imperial purple and the workwomen were actually employed in sewing on the golden bees at the time he was de. slaring to those who were urging him on, "No I I will not betray the republic 1" And the mar vellous thing Is theit he said it in good faith. lie was his own dupe up to the last moment. ,When the success he had obtained, in spite of his actuples and mistakes, was pointed out to him, then he said, " It is my destiny; therefore it is my duty." :~ sess Or nTHe POPE.-The folloWig i(sle. gram, received by the Anglo-Australian Press Agenoy, was published in an Ex'preu extraordi nary :--, ils folincess the Pops is slormingly ill. Great anxiety is felt as to the result." Although this is the only telegram received of a like purport, we have no reason for doubting its authentcity--AAa l :A Doo wrne Iwo Tares.-A Blassnhussetts paper recently announced that.a dog with two tails had been seen in the nolghbourhobd of Tauntea, In that Strate. An opposition local poser treated the assertion with scorn and ridi' oe. The other paper in its next issue re affirmed the trutlo of its allegation, bot explained that one of the tails belonged to an ox, and was conloed in the mouth of the canine, Ton approaching nupitals of a favourite American ladylecturorhavelately beenannounced in the following manner :-Letty Hough will never lecture any more in public. She has made a permanent engagement. His name is Gregory. Henceforth she will privately lecture Gregory." An interesting lecture was lately delivered in Hong Kong, by Mr N. B. Deanys, the editor of the Ohina Mail, on Chinese Folklore, in which the lecturer pointed out the identity of many of the beliefs prevailing in China on the great con corns of life--such as birth, marriage, and death -with those which exist among ourselves. For instance, to take some of the most striking, he showed that the superstition against rocking a " toom" or empty cradle; the Yorkshire custom of throwing rice after a bride as an emblem of plenty ; the practice common among Sweedish brides of endeavoring to get the husbands to do something implying future subjection to their wills ; and the Scotch custom of opening the door and windows of the house In which the corpse is being "sained," to give the departed soul free egress, have all their counterparts among the Chinese. As might naturally be expected in a country where every action of a man's life Is mouldod In conformity with the dictates of superstition, comets, stare and other signs in the heavens are carefully watched. In conclu sions Blr Dennye gave a brief sketch of the were wolves, ghosts, hobgoblins and sorpent.women common to Chinese folk.lore. 