GENERAL NEWS. Lending Money to Minors.—A bill ha3 been introduced into the House of Commons' for the protection of minors from fraucl. 'It recites that divers frauds are committed by money-lenders and others, who, without the consent of parents or guardians of infants or persons under the age of 21, induce such persons to enter improvidently and reck lessly into onerous contracts for loans or advances of money, and by divers contriv ances solicit and entice such infants into such contracts, and that such money-lenders and others often induce such infants, when about to enter into such contracts, to make or sign representations that such infants are of full age, and thereby, as well as by other wrongful devices, oppress such infants, and compel them to ratify such contracts. The remedy now proposed for such mischief is, that it shall be made a misdemeanour to in duce infants,to borrow, and that any bond or security given shall be void; and, further, that any payment made in contravention is to be recoverable by any person paying the same. A promise made of payment after full age is to be invalid, and any representa tion made by an infant to borrow is not to be given in evidence against him. Any per son who for gain purchases a bill knowing it. to be forged is to be guilty of a misdeamean our. A parent or guardian is to recover by summary proceedings before Justices £20 from a person offending. A Real Giiost Story.—We have had quite a plethora of Tichborniana, Locusti ana, snake stories and the like, but since Tom S -k's trip to Melbourne with a mob of fat cattle, we have not had a real veritable ghost story, and had begun to think that for the future we were to be exempt from these supernatural visitations. It was not to be,' however, and we "must brace our nerves for the reception of such like visitors whether they come nis*ht or day. Not a hundred miles from Forbes a lady had re cently lost her husband by death, and after the first ebulitions of grief were over, set work to arrange the business affairs of her deceased partner. The absence of some letters which were supposed to exist caused her considerable anxiety ; high and low they were sought for but all in vain.; until at ■ last the disconsolate and anxious widow was thunderstruck by the consciousness that the departed one was at her side. Seeing the cause of her perplexity, and conscious of his power to put things to right, lie led his 'erstwhile wife to a stump at the rear of the premises ; put in his hand, and drawing out the missing letters handed them to her. In the exuberauce of her new-fledged joy she began to be demonstrative, but she was re minded in sepulchural tones that prying eyes and ears were observant of the inter view, and seeing that ■ she had the letters safe, he departed whence he came.—Forbes. Times. , The Mail Steamrr Baroda.—The health officer having reported that there was no appearance of sickness amongst either the passengers or crew, and that if the Govern ment could be satisfied that the disease was really isolated, as stated by the captain, there would be no further necessity to detain them in!quarantine, Mr. Cowper, the Water Police Magistrate, was' sent down to the quarantine station on. Saturday morning to take evidence on the subject, and his report being in every way satisfactory, a proclama tion was issued by his Excellency the Governor, releasing the passengers at once, and the vessel proceeded to sea yesterday.— Empire, May 19. A Suspicious Telegram. — The Paris Figaro relates the following :—A gentleman living at Cannes, the Viscount o£ B , being anxious respecting the safety of one of his friends residing in Paris, after reading the account in the newspapers of the recent terrific storm, sent him the following tele gram :— "We hope i you have not had a chimney-pot on the top of your head." The following day the telegram was returned to the Viscount from the telegraph-office with the following remarks:—"The accompany ing telegram, not having any sense; must, in accordance with Article 4, Decree November 3, 18G7, be looked at in the light of a secret despatch, the transmission of which is for bidden." An Unparalleled Mystery.—A strange discovery has been made at Albany, New York. From the account given by iho Albany Arpua, it seems that on the morning of the 12th ultimo a clerk in the Post-office at the Exchange buildings entered an upper room which had been closed for seventeen years, when a spectacle met his eye, " which would furnish an admirable chapter in a sequel to ' The Mysteries of Udolpho.' " The floor of the room waB covered with packing-cases, vitriol carboys, old papers, maps, &c.; In one of the cases were found portions of a model steam-engine, the various parts of which were as bright as if they had been put there a few days before. The mystery, how ever, was not so much upon the floor as up among the rafters ; for, on looking upwards, the clerk saw suspended by a string from one of tha rafters the skull of a human being. Immediately under this skull, upon the floor, were found a withered arm, hand, and shoul ders, while near by was one half the ribs. But more mysteries remained to _ bo de-. veloped. Near the door was a box, in which were discovered a large quantity of cinders, some small coal, and pieces of charred human bones, showing that an attempt'had been made to burn the bones. The skull, on being taken down, proved to have been sawn in half. The discovery of an empty ma hogany instrument case, on which was printed the name " Dr. Kip," two parchment deeds of the seventeenth century, and a number of bottles containing chemicals, together with, old cameras used iu photograph ing,_ made up the sum total of the contents of this gloomy apartment. Who "Dr. Kip" was no one knows ; but there can be little doubt lie was aperson of peculiar, not to say unpleasant, habits. A Deceased Claimant to tiie English TmtON'E.—An old gentleman has just passed away in America who, it seems, claimed the right to sit on the throne of England. The New York Herald reports' the death in that city of William Rysam Gracie, iu his seventy first year. For fifty years of his life, says the Herald, Mr. Gracie believed himself to bo the lineal descendant of the great and unfortunate, as well as royal houses of Stuart and Sobieski; and many well-informed people iu New Europe and Europe had an abiding faith iu his claims to the throne of Groat Britain aiid Ireland. Mr. Gracie, who called himself William the Fifth of England, was not unlike the late Mr. Horace Greeley in appearance; but " his features and carriage were of the true Stuart stamp." It is per haps as - well that he never succeeded in establishing his claim to the Crown; for although he is described as " being in man ner a perfect gentleman, full of courteous and chivalrous notions, and courageous in character, as no Stuart ever failed to be," it is doubtful whether, from his habits and temperament, he would, ever have made a good constitutional monarch. Under his pillow for years ho had concealed aivold one barrelled pistol and a huge clasp-knife, with which he,declared he would defend his life against the entire English army. In con versatii/n he would frequently speak of the practicability of landing troops at different points to march to London and seize the Tower with the Crown jewels and the re galia; and he also, "when under the influ ence of liquor," had a mania for borrowing money, for which he really had no need. About twelve months ago he had " a diffi culty" with a man larger than himself, and who is not more than thirty-five years of age. It occurred in the Washington Hotel. "The commingled blood of Arabella Stuart and John Sobieski rose to fever heat," and the aged niouarch kuocked his.'opponent, flat on the ground and choked him Vigorously. The remains of William V. now rest in Woodlawn Cemetery. Melancholy Death.—A sad and sudden death took place at Corowa on Thursday morning. A youth named Armstrong, while sharpening an axe at the forge of Mr. Nugent, was in the act of turning the griuding-stone, when he fell down as one in a fit, but on reaching him those who were present found that the fit was one of death. From inquiries made by our reporter, it was ascertained that the youth had, with his mother—who is a relative of Mr. Martin, of the Royal Hotel —arrived only a week previously, seeking chauge of air for the benefit of his health. He had been ailing for some time, and three Melbourne doctors had been consulted con cerning his condition, all of whom concurred in stating that he was sulfering from disease of the heart, and that his death might occur at any moment. Although this to some extent prepared the parents for the sad event which happened, yet the boy.appeared suffi ciently healthy to have a long lease of life, and to have many years between him and the grave. To make the matter more sad, on the morning of the fatal occurrence the youth's father had arrived from Melbourne, and the first news which greeted him then was that his son had died about half-an-hour previously. A magisterial inquiry was held on the same day, and the foregoing facts being elicited, a verdict of " Died from natural causes " was returned. — Corona Chronicle. A Horrible Confession.—The following terrible case of retribution is told in, the Indianopolis Sentinel. It smacks a little of Yankee sensationalism, and is the account of the punishment "initiated by an engine driver in Indiana on a miscreant who com mitted an act endangering the lives of the passengers. It seems that this driver had on more than one occasion found his engine thrown from the track at a certain point on the line, owing to some obstruction being placed thereon, and therefore determined to ut a stop to a practice which had led to his wn abilities as a driver being questioned. On nearing the fatal spot one night, ho sat " glum and silent at the throttle,ancl telling the fireman to be sure and follow him if the train " jumped the track," awaited the re sult. The train was banked as usual, and, jumping into the darkness, the engineer and fireman disappeared for a few minutes, but soon returned, bringing with them the culprit, whom they had captured in a neigh bouring cornfield. Tlie enraged passengers wished to lynch the villain on the spot, but the engine-driver, "a stern, determined man," prevented it, merely remarking that lie would take charge of him, and accordingly the fellow was placed on the engine under charge of the fireman. The train, being righted, was soon speeding on its journey as as though nothing had happened. While bowling away over a smooth piece of track, the engine-driver beckoned the fireman to stand on 0110 side, and picking up a round stick of wood, struck the criminal a stunning blow on the head. Ho then caught the quivering form of tho poor wretch, and opening the furnace doors, he threw his body into tho fierce seething (lames. Tko doors were then shut, the traiu rattled along—and never, until the engine-driver lateJy confessed tho act on his death-bed, was it ascertained what had been the fate of the (lend who had been iu the habit of throwing tho train off the track. Tjib Barque Pp.ince Alfred in a Hurricane.—The Aberdeen barque Prince Alfred came in on Saturday morning from Mauritius,, terminating a smart but rather eventful passage. The vessel sailed on the 6th April, and crossed the trades with line weather; when getting to latitude 39.J south tho Cth May, commenced : with strong westerly breezes, and increased to a gale from S. W. aud If. W. Tho ship was running under close reefed' topsails, aud occasionally shipping water amidships. AtSi^.m., while all hands were setting a reefed maintopsail, a heavy sea broke on board filling the'decka fore and aft, smashing tho boats and filling the cabin with water. After the "sea had cleared away, it was found that the cook and steward, named Robert Hackney, had been washed overboard ; tried the . pumps and found the vessel making-water. At 10 p.m. another sea broke. over the stem smashing the wheel and again filling the cabins with water, besides staving in the starboard stern ports; Hove the vessel to on the port tack at very great risk, at 11 a.m. (nautical time); it was blowing a perfect hurricane from \V.N.\V. In consequence of the critical position of the ship, called the erew together for a consultation, and decided that it was necessary to throw overboard the Sugar stores in tho cabin. About ten tons were then con signed to the sea. Continued liove to till the Stb, then bore away with a fresh gale, and carried westerly winds through Bass's Straits. Passed Cape Otway on the lltli instant, and had light N.W. winds on the coast.—Empire, May 19. Holloway's Ointment and Pilt-s.—Ab scesses, Erysipelas, Piles—Unvarying success attends all who treat diseases according to the simple printed directions wrapped round each pot and box. They are invaluable to the young and timid, whoso bashfulness sometimes endangers life. A little attention, moderate perseverance, and trilling expense will enable the most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issue, without exposing secret J infirmities to anyone. 