WILL OF NAPOLEON III. (From L'Ordre.) IN the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symp-<*> toms of the disease which was so soon to prove fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ulti- mate success of the operation which his physi cians had declared to be indispensable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testament. The will of the Emperor Napoleon 111. is drawn up in two very distinot puts. The statesman, the Sovereign, the dynastio chief, ■peaks in one; in the other, the private gentle man, the father, the friend. Motives of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing— at least, at present—the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which the dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, cer tain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the publio in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely be proper to gratify at the present moment. But the political will is a different thing altogether. This, from the hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that this will is built up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, pro visions, remembrances, written in meditative mood, during the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impend ing catastrophe, he rested satisfied with the compilation of these noteß, to whioh he was hardly aware that he was giving the last toiich. This is the document we speak of, and which we print witbont reflecting or commenting on:— "In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. " Made aware by unheard of misfortune of tbe uncertainty of worldly concerns at an age when it may please Divine Providence, after so many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this life before I have been able personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of accomplish ing, I owe it to the honor of my name, to my responsibility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspirations, auch instructions as may guide his conduct, in the hope that Heaven, soothed by the over whelming catastrophes which have fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his en deavors to reinvest his country with its past glory,* prosperity, and grandeur. •• Weighed down by the most unmerited and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my justification. " During the twenty years that I was called upon by the national will to manage the affairs of France I have reigned independently of any I care with regard to dynastic interests or per- ! sonal satisfaction. I feel the legitimate pride of | being able to declare that I havo brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, in fluence, and eclat that it has ever been given to any mor.arcby of the past to enjoy. While maintaining order in tbe interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the moral, political, and eocial emancipation of the laborer. Under no other rigime has the workman been in a more pros perous condition. Never have the relations be tween capital and labor been carried on in a more peaceful and satisfactory way. "Notwithstanding tbe renown of military glory which attache: to the founder of my race, I had dreamed, I hud desired to exclusively de- i vote my reign to those efforts of democratic and social emancipation • and when, at the j opening of my career as a sovereign, I said at j Bordeaux that ' the Empire was peace,' I ex- I pressed the moat sincere conviction that was j ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. " But next to the aspirations of my heart were the dut:es of tbe monarch, and when I ' was induced to dmw the sword it was never for \ any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honor of France. In the Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochinehina, in Asia-Minor, the triumph* of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of the country. " .At the time ot life when I am penning these lines in the expectation of soon appearing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself upas a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately making auch use of them as the honor of my name and his own may require, the complete series of documents which will show that, in respect to the Mexican expedition, interrupted by im perious motives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honor and interests of the country who for the third time in the ■pace of twenry years had by a signal vote en trusted its dt «tinies to my keeping. "History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevitable casual ties, improvident advises, disappointed provi sions, improbable results, ended in the failure of the most generous effort evor attempted to affirm the prerogatives and predominance of France. " An unmentionable crime has complicated the catastrophe, and while at Sedfin 1 jeopar dised my personal safety to secure that of Ay army, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless demagogues were working the ruin of France by affording to the conquering enemy the speotade of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. " A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when France will know the truth on all the facts and many other topics which have been distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day France, after under going so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of Napoleon. The instinct* of the people are monarchial, and no monarchy can reinstate France in a safer posi tion than the conqueror of Austerlitz. "If Providence deems my mission accom plished, and bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of reparation, under the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I advise him to revert to the principles which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. j " Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not be one of reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and without. And should the necessity of upholding the national honor com pel him to draw the sword, le r him rely without fear on the courage of the French army, too accustomed to see victory crown its efforts under the Imperial eagle to remain bowed down under the influence of a temporary disaster. " Let him at home especially apply himself to developing the welfare of the working classes. Let him beware of the enticement held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. " Let him see that respect is shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which con stitute the basis of all social order. In award ing a necessary share in the management of public affiirs to the free debates of the tribune and the press, let him protect the country against the exoesses of those discussions which prove such fruitful sources of barren and dan gerous agitation. True liberty is order—order upheld in the interest of all and every one. " Ihe experiment of the last events haa shown that nations are seldom grateful. France, who had done everything for the enfranchisement of other countries, found heraelf deserted at a time of supreme necessity. International alliances should be founded on the interests, on the hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My son's endeavors should all tend towards ensuring the soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair the disasters of war. The calamities con sequent on successive insurrections during the last two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the Empire. The Empire will render that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. " But to attain this result, at the same time that it is necessary to proudly display before foreign nations the flag of France—ever re spected, notwithstanding our unmerited disas ters—it is incumbent on the nation to insist, without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home the principle of authority which the nation will ouce more hasten to consecrate shall be respected." 