THE BUSINESS OF AMUSEMENT, (Spectator.) I TiiACKEEAY was always harping on the idea that it ts a serious business for Harlequin to make people laugh. Him- self a great master of the droll, he probably deduced from his own con- sciousness the belief that extraordinary capacity to amuse others is generally associated with n delicacy of nervous organisation and an emotional sensibility which render their possessor specially liable to pain. Nature, in her queer and often cruel way, seems to exult io illus- trating the principle of I'os non vobig. Harket-gardeners seldom eat fruit, fishermen seldom taste fish grocers' apprentices are easily surfeited on raisins, critics of all kinds wish that some Lethe could be discovered, by dip- ping in which they might recover that freshness of taste and keenness of per- ception which the habit of professional judging has dulled ; and few people, we imagine, lead a harder life, or enjoy less of unconstrained and happy laughter, than those who avow it as their vocation to entertain the community. Perhaps we ought to confine the application of this remark to the rank and file of what, in the Era newspaper, is called "profession," or at least, to these and the subalterns and non-commissioned officers. Of the few persons of commanding genius in tho theatrical and musical world, who have but lo bold out their hand to fortune in order to be helped over all difficulties and seated in the high places of respect and affluence, wo do not speak. Possibly they hare their own labours and sorrows. It may be no easy matter to keep artistic skill, even when accom- panied with genius, at that high pitch of burnishing which can be relied on to fis the wandering eye of the public; and there ÍB no reason to believe that, in the majority of cases, the irritability of genius dedreases in proportion to its genuineness or its rarity. But of those " professions " who take rank with poets or historians of established reputation we do not now speak. For one thing, theit ways and feelings are comparatively hidden from us. They do not advertise. We refer to that vast brotherhood and sisterhood who invite us in tho strongest possible terms to know all about Hiern, and proclaim in eloquent advertisements their power to amuse and delight man- kind. We have been looking over the advertisement columns in several successive numbers of the Era, and have been impressed with the notion, first with the world -which opened upon us ie one of which most people know very little ; and, in the second place, that the business of amusing men, women, and children, is, even at this holiday season i of the year, no laughing matter. The I element of mere fun probably takes a more prominent place among entertain- ments in August then - it would in March. A large proportion, however, ol the " artistes " whose advertisements are before us are in harness tho whole year round ; and tho sole variation by which their mode of existence can be enlivened depends upon change of town foi country, or upon episodical tours in America or on the Continent. The word "fun" mast indeed be taken to include arxihamont nf nil tringa «nant cMjiwinciii; oí mi tunas, except that which belongs to the tragic stage. The word "sensation" is the most comprehensive and accurate that can be used to define what the motley host of performers aim at. We cannot pretend to give, with any reasonable approximation to completeness, a list of the names they call themselves or the specialities they profess. Wizards and ventriloquists, equilibrists, contortionists, jugglers, wircwaikers, rope-dancers, mimics, acrobats, fakirs, spiral-bicycle ascensionista, trapezists, grotesque gymnasts, tumbling clowns, and flying jumpers, are ainoug those which nt once catch the eye. Peculiarities of sex and ano aro carefully specided. Infant Venuses, infant pianists, baby acrobat*!, lion tamers twelve years old, female walkers of 1000 miles in 1000 hours, " thu smallest vocalist and comedian in the world," "tho child wonder," "the greatest female contortionist in the world," announce their charms and achievements. These advertisers are clearly of opinion that there is a good deal in ii name. . . . We approach nearer to the regular stage .nrlien we come to the advertise- ments of clowns, niggers, et lu>c genus ?omne. Niggers are in fair demand. There are " Q-ood Niggers," . Knock- about Niggers," multitudinous musical niggers, aud " Linnet and Starling, the Koyal Blackbirds," are obviously niggers in pleasing disguise. "Chambermaids," either "singing" or with a "brogue,"are called for. To chronicle and distinguish the various kinds of dancers,-"charac-; terislic" dancers, ballet dancers,! pedestal dancers, champion dancers, . "Sjlp'is," «ml HI on,-would be a task f >r u ni no hii<v,rin¡f hand th in oura. Stranso to sa;, " Heavy Gentlemen and Old Women ' and " Heavy Juveniles " are wanted, and we almost wonder that some correspondent does not give the editor of the Sra a hint that his advertisers might try the Honse of Lords and Commons. Among the pro- fessional varieties which catch the eye «nay be noted " Utility People." " Dog People," " Duologue and Burlesque Artists," "Double Drummers," "A Corner Man that can Skate, Dance, Jig, and Bjg-Uoüt" "People in every branch of the Ghost Business," " Lightning Acrobats," " James Dav's the Cure Up- side down," it is interesting but almost sad, to learn that " a host of first-class pantomimists " are " to ¡et." It cannot be said that either the pantomimists or other artists are guilty of hiding their .. light under a bushel. They »re ni^ prevented by any false modesty from ' stating the extent to which they are appreciated. Their " success " is never -'.Wft-ijiflfflr-" tremendous " or *' terrific." Tliey create ,Ta pelíatífurore " wherever they go. "They stand alonér^AfiS-feTe unequalled in their, classical delineations of the gymnastic art, there's no mistake." This is Professor Chantree'a account of bis " troupe," and other professors have equal satisfaction in their assistants. They have no idea of not letting their best be seen, and con6de to the whole world the excellent opinion they have of themselves. We should think, however, that from the amount of thundering ano? deafening applause, their sense of hearing must stand in danger. No one can read these advertisements without assenting to the remark with which we set out, that the business of amusing is no joke. 