GENERAL NEWS. An Awkward Discovery -Apropos of re cent thefts of valuable shrubs from the publie gardens, a correspondent sends as the following paragraph taken from a late number of lbs American Republican. Is Mr. Hodgkinson in» dined to try the i xperi ment ?-" Some time sinoe a little town in Ohio was infested by in oendiariea, and other means of detection having failed, two or three olubbed together and pur- chased a bloodhound-one of the kind used by the chivalry to hunt down runaway negroes in the pleasant days before the war. In some manner tbe news of this bit of enterprise became noised about, and the fires suddenly ceased, not an opportunity having been offered sinoe to put the animal ou the trail uf an incendiary. Tbe day before Christmas, however, a citizen dis- covered that a beautiful evergreen tree in front of his residence had been oat down and carried off the night hcforr, and the long-looked-for ohanoe was afforded for testing the new purohase. To the astonishment of ail, the fourlegged de- tective took a straight line to the house of one of the wealthiest denizens of the town, three quarters of a mile distant, and placing his fore paws on tbe window, glared through and bayed savagely at the owner, who was engaged in de- corating the tree for the festivities of the morrow. The scene that followed may perhaps be ima- gined, and a considerable sum of money waa readily paid in order to hash the affair up." Melbourne Argus, July 19 Shock of Earthquake -The Government astronomer, Mr. R L. J Ellery, yesterday re oeivcd the following telegram from Mr. C. Todd, superintendent of telegraphs io South Australia: \- " Adelaide, July 21.-Strong sbook of earth- quake reported at Peake, 7.45 p.m. od Satnrday. Apparently the direction was from 8. VV to N.B., with dull lubtorraoean noise, resembling thunder. The same was noticed also by Bagot and party, at camp 10 miles westward, where the shock overturned their pannikin«, whioh were placed on top of their quart pots. It was the most violent shock our ftation-master, Giles, ever experienced "- Melbourne Argus Testing a Spibit.-Some young soouodrel, on Thursday night last, about nine o'olook, at- tempted a shameful trick with the view of fright- ening timorous passers by. He possessed him- self of a sheet and a pair oi stilts, and, arrayed in che former, he waited behind one of the tree enolosures between Dr. Robint>oo's residenoe and the Publio School the approach of some one upon whom to practise the effects of his ghostly raimeDt. Fortunately for bim tbese shortly appeared in the persons of two young women Upon bia appearance one screamed, bat waa BufBoiently selfpossessed to rua. The other however, boldly stood her ground, and apostro- phised tbe ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved bis fleshly origin by deoliningto come too near, as the damsel's system of " laying" spirits was not to bistjste.- Wagga Wagga Express, July2&. Singular Accident.-On Thursday morn- ing, amannamed Timothy O'Neill, in tbe employ of Messrs. J. and J. Hayes of this oity, was engaged with another man lowering some bags of bran from the stairs of the store adjoining the Australian Joiot SiookBank, when he loosed the hold be had of tbe bannister, and being overbalanced by the weight of the bag, fell sideways-against some iton bars protecting a window afr the pottom of the stairs, and bad his head out severely and his collar-bone broken. Dr. Davidson attended to the sufferer.--GotiZ burn Herald, July 26. Supposed cape op Drowning.-During the passage of the steamer Blackbird from Brisbane to Sydney, yesterday evening, a faloon passenger named Hewitt, ¡-uddenly and mysteriously dis- appeared from the deck, and must therefore have fallen overboard and been drowned It appears that on Friday evening, at about half-past five o'olock, the unfortunate man was seen going aft, and at six p sa, be was missed. A search was instituted in every part of the ship, bot no traces of bim could be found The night was very dark and stormy, with a l-eavy sea running. The deoeascd was not known to any person ou board, bot it transpired that Le bad arrived in .Brisbane from London a short time since, in the ship Pekina.-Evening Nttcs The Adelaide Observer of July 12 learns that a movement bas been initiated to form a Company to establish a newspaper at Port Darwin. Several influential gentlemen »re actr ing as promoters, and they are smgaine of 6 access. Mutton Extraordinary - The Gawler paper (S.A.) states tliat " ¡Mr G Kaisehageu, butcher, of Lyndoch, bas this week purchased from Mr. Ferdinand Zimmerman, of that town, a half-bred Merino sbcej», four years old, for £2, weighing 148 Ibu, wben dressed- The weight of the skin was J¿0¿ lbs. Death in Gaol-An inquest was held by the Sydney Coroner un Thursday last, on the body of a woman named Betty Bj an. She had been received into the gaol on the 22nd inst., from -Campbelltown, in pursuance of a warrant wherein she was sentenced to be a rogue and a vagabond having no la« ful visible meanB of support. On her admission sbe was in snob, a weak condition that she bad to be carried to tbe wing, and from there to the gaol hospital, where she remained till the died. She was between sixty and levepty years of-age. The medical testimony waa to the effect that the cause of death waa exhaustion, from want and negleet, and that her removal to Sydney from Campbelltown in such a state was most improper. Every thing was done that could be d. ne for her, but her cage was hopeless from the fird The inquest was adjourned until Saturday, for further evidence.-Abridged ft om f'nening Netos ? At the ndjourned inquett, held ou the following day, after several witnesses bad bein examined, the jury returned a verdict of " Death from exhaustion," and added the following rider : " We consider that there was great negleot on the part of the police in not obtaining the attendance of a medical man lo see deceased at Campbelltown gaol, and that her case was not one to be sent to Darlinghurst gaol, but tbat she ought to have been retained at Campbelltown gaol and received the attention wbioh her condi I tion required." The Coroner expressed his entire concurrence in the above expression of opinion. We have just been reading a volume of poems by. a man named Wright. In one of his verses Wright says he " Forgot the beach I frolicked o'er, The ocean whose smaragdine floor Reposed unswept by mortal oar." That word smaragdine attracted our attention at onoe. It seemed snob, a formidable and stu- pendous word to be used by a man named Wright that we considered it worthy of investigation ; and so we pored over dictionaries of various kinds until we discovered just what it means It is the poetic word for green. We are glad Wright unearthed tbe word smaragdine, and we shall uga it exclusively hereafter. If anybody oalls our attention is the future to the greenness of the grass, we shall reprove that person and insist that the grasa is smaragdine. For the purpose of more fully oarrying out the law of Congress in referenoe to the propagation of useful food fishes in the rivers and lakes of the United States, the United States Commissioner of Fish and Fisheries made arrangements with Mr. N W. Clark to baton out several hundred thousand white fish eggs at his establishment at Clarkston, Michigan, with the special object of transferring them, in due season, to the waters of California. At the proper time, in February last, 200,000 eggs were carefully packed and forwarded to California; but, for some unex- plained reason, they were nearly all dead on their arrival. In no way discouraged by this experience, the Commissioner directed the ship* ment of a second lot of 200,000 eggs, which arrived in good oondition, and the greater num- ber have Blo.ce hatched out at the State hatching establishment at Clear Lake, into which body of water they will be put at ' he right time Mr. Stone has returned to the East with the view of procuring living blaek bass, eels, perch, and lobsters, which he will take back to California iu a few weeks, In a special car arranged expressly for the purpose. 