ME. W. FOESrEB, M.P., AT HTVEEELL. Mb. Wk. Fobstbb, who has been visiting the miuinjj districts of tbe north, was entertained wilh a compli mentary dinner on Wednesday, July 2nd at Mather's Hotel, inrereU. O. a. Prater, Esq., J.P., occupied the chair, and Colin Boss. Esq. the vice-chair. Tbe banquet, according to the InverellDespatch, from which the subjoined report of Mr. Forater's speechns H taken, ? was otienqed py ai tae uotaniuues oi ina town, roe chairman, with & high encooiam ou the political abiHty and uprightness of Mr. Forster, prososed hU health, which waa received with enthusiartio cheers. Mr. Forster, ob rising, said Mr. Chairman, Vice chairman, and Gentleman— I find myself placed in a very honorable position, which, like many others, iu rolrss the perforraaucaof certain duties, bat happily sot of a very enemas or painful kind. My first duty is to return thanks for the very kind reception which you have given me sincu I came here on private business. Although known in a public way, I certainly did not expect to be received in the manner I have, nor will I affect to say that I did not beliere, from my kiud friend yonr chairman, but that sous notice would be taken of ma. I did not expect to see, however, eo thriving a place as Xnrerell, *r to meet with each sa entertainment as you have given me. Fer all this kind recognition, I should be utterly unworthy did I not wonaly feel and warmly express a sense of tin great honour you have done me. I am quite sure it h fur beyonii my merits. (No ! no !) I feel bound to say that the public daties I have performed are quite ineigni6cant compared with the manner in which yon have met me. I cin't but think that some public motive exists for giving me such on cntertuiument, but don't believe any party motive is at the bottom of it. I am gratified to find that th-3 meeting comprises a-l parties entertaining different views I feel bound to say that yonr late member is a gentleman of whom anv electorate mieht feel proud, and tha same may be said of your present member. We all have our personal likings aud pre ferences, aud it is pleasant to see electors can appreciate good men representing different opinions. I must assume that my po.itical opinions have entitled me to the entertainment you have given mi to- night, uud if so I hops I shall entertain them through life. X sup pose I ain expected now to. gush into politics. As 1 anticipate among the toasts to be given will be some of the public institutions of the colony, I shall withhold my opinions until then; I think it bettor at present to confiue myself to the personal honour done me. I have never claimed a very large interest in the present Government. I met a gentleman iu Bun. darra who expressed a wish that I had been well shaken on my journey, and seemed to think it via a pity that I had not broken my neck.. He eeemedto think my bones and neck should Buffer in the people's interest. I am afraid, had my seek been broken, it would have had no effect upon your roads. I only hope that I may be able to return your kindness, either by making speeches or by giving votes. Ton alt must admit that local interests must give place to public interests. Some time or other, perhaps, a vote in the House may have direct application to luvereli, and if. this should occur, 1 hope I shall entertain a proper feel ing aud recollection of the great kindness and en' thueiosm with which I have been received in this district. tLoud cheers.) Mr. Forstsh then proposed 'Prosperity to tha Inverell District.' This was responded to by Mr. Sklby. Mr Deake then proposed ' The Parliament of New South Wales, coupled with the name of Mr. William Forster.' The toast was duly honoured. Mr. FoesteE. in responding, said that it was en. coumgiajr u- public speakers to hear their names asso, ciated .with u toast, and public speakers like him did sometimes require encouragement, and he was embol dened ther.-by to enter on another class of subjects. The association of his name with the toast imposed upon him tbe duty of returning thanks for the way in which be had been personally received, and he was happy to respond also for the Parliament of New South WaleB, of. which he had been a member for a long number of years. He was inclined to think it would favourably compare with other similar bodies, not even excepting the greatest Parliament in existence, which was that of Great Britain, Branded they made due allowances a --d took all circumstances into consideration. He felt that if he had been only a private person he should not have bad the honor accorded to him. His public character hud been long before them, and it justified him in believing that in holding to his opinions he had met with bis deserts. With regard to the politics of the country, they naturally expected from him a statement of poliuc»l affairn ; but they must not expect of him t- speak as aa authority on the political state of the country. Honestly, ho Oid not care whether he was reported or not ; but he would promise them this, that be would speak his mind. He was tolerably wm'i known not to be a friend of the present Government. On that cuppoaition he did not wish to say anything offensive, hut he intended expressing his opinion ot them. He would take it for granted that the nresent festival was a testimony of the public spirit of the district. It might be taken as a. test, looking at the state of their roads, that nil eludes in the country did not differ so much as was generally supposed. They need look bock no farther than the French E volution to Bee that the old noblesse stood their ground until the ground fell from under tbem. It ivss the fame in America, where a large number of cultivated men had the masses to govern, in their mode of dealing with the interests of the country. In this country there was a. similar disposition evinced, which was rather a discouraging admission to make. Admitting what had bivn snid u.bout the Parliament of the country, be was afraid the aspirations of responsible government ha-i not been fulfilled. Responsible Govern ment was inKntrnrated \ri\h very enthusiastic hopes — lad they been faltiiMr A Government might either be a maabino for political purposes, or used to educate the nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarded in either of these, jifpeets, there are certain prac tical facto which serre to form a judgment. He would allude to two topics iu proof of this. In regard to the prncHvul effect of responsible Government, let them ;-eo il such things were acccm plished by it or not. They were aware that he (Mr. forster) had voted for universal suffrage, according a right to vote to all people in the country. It might have been that they did not exact suck rules as they ougbt to have done. (Hear, hear ) They might dis pute a nnmber of other points in tbe bill. There were many who might think also that education had better hnve bees left to others, but all would agree that tfat police force had not improved. The expense of the orce had been greater, and as for bushranging, in the Braidwood district all the constables hod been shot, a ctate of things which had never occurred under the old Torm ot Uovernment. The police on the whole had im proved, bat there was no reason why they should not have improved under the old system of Government, ye would next take tha Education Bill, and might say of this tfcat ho did not agree iu supporting denomina tional education, although at the same time he did no wise to disparage it, but bethought it would have a better effect, ami attended with much less expense, if they had done away with it altogether He did not pretend to be such a prophet as to predict that the denominational system would be done nway with alto gether; the law was fourjdto be defective, »nd the i.'ouncil was tryins to abandon the law. Far better that ths law bad not been framed ; or to aik Parlia ment to change the law. He thought it was a mistake of judgment, and showed the necessity of some change. This arose from establishing the denominational sys tem. (Hear, bear.) With regard to the municipali ties, the House hod pa°sed two complicated lnws which do one eonld understand. No important measure of { that kind received fair discussion. Now, what axu i be results of the municipalities? Do they sup ply the requirements of the country f in regard to roads and bridges— don't let Inverell j people think -.hoy are martyrs in thit vesi^ci. us it is the same all over the chuuut — (laughter) - how is it that the roads are in th.: s'it» tueyare. The true answer is, the municipaliiiss im prove little bits of country, Jearingall the other ueg Iccted I know there are enough men of property in Iuverell,not utterly selfish, and why is it we find pro perty antagonistic to municipalities r Why, because the holders find it ia not properly dealt with! He was not going to maintain that property should not pay the support of municipalities. JBot they found property in Bdme cases drawn in and unfairly tixed This would not have been hod the principle he tried to inculcate been carried oat, which was this - to divide the colony by Legislative enactment into districts commenFurnie with its natural boundaries, which qpch should tJB com pelled lo fFaich over, or else receive no Assistance from the country, tvery man of property in Bucii u case would feel himself compellid cither to take part in the management or eke wouM bavc to suffer from not doing so. He intended to have established municipalities upon this principle instead of the present, wmch bus proved ail utt«r failure. (Cheers.) (lie proposal he made might perhaps appear by some to be crude, but the iff ect would nave been this -tb at they would have hs$ every police district, and half police districts, formed into muuir-ipalifes. Next he would ask them wiiut particular benefits had they received rom tbe elmtoral iaw ? Parramatta and eome other similar places had two members, whilst districts donbta their size had only one. Waa not this one of the things which ought to hare beea amesded. by responsible SQTenuae&t;? (Her.1) For tiree or foot years they haa been clamouring in thU respect, 'and yet no change had taken place. Although the committee, of whick he happened tb be It member of, reported in favour of a change, none occurred. What the Govern ment introduced the Opposition threw out, and vice versa. All this was the result of responsible government In what way had it developed moral and intellectual legislation F He did not think the liegis latire Assembly oooM compare with what it was before. There were Parkes and ltoberteon, and many others, and where were men like tbem returned in the present flosie ? The young map is ths House were the worst of s-rl. It appeared to him all the young men and also the public men were werse. Was the public service better ? It was on all sides admitted that it wag not. There were thren times the number of parsons em ployed necessary. The railway department was crammed, which was the effect of responsible govern, ment. The official who had lately been dismissed would never have been dismissed at all, had he not given evi dence showing this to be the case. Ho should of course be charged with Bpeaking against the present Govern ment, and he would candidly admit that he did not think they were better than their predecessors. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps some one might ask why he did not allow the public the benefit of bis services by joining the present Government. It maybe he could find reav Bons of a private character for not doing so. It seemed to him that he could not consistently take service in an an administration composed of Sir Jttmis Martin and the Colonial Secretary. He was advised -very strongly to join them by a bishop, who said there was no doubt tbey ha-i expressed very strong opinions of one another, but that they had joined, believing that it would be advantageous for the country. But ho was shocked. The Colonial Secretary ha-i endeavoured to show him that they agreed in opinions ; but he could not say how. The fact was, from experience of him in political matters lie could never believe in hint. He found how inconsis tent he was ia free trade —how inconsistent on the municipal quest, on —and he could not agree with him on the Kiama ghost question (Laughter.) A Colonial Secretary who could make such statements as he did on that occasion, wiihout producing one tittle of evidence to support them, was not .worthy of confidence. He should not say anything more on this subject. He would honestly say if they could exemplify what they professed to be eo anxious to give to the world, he shonld have boen happy to have joined them. Be would line to know what could justify such a mixture of offices as they found p They bad partizius singing their praues all over the country. The Colonial Secre tary had left a sort of hecatomb of unfulfilled pledges all over the country, and this in a House attended with happy circumstances; when the -colony was in a state of prosperity never known before, and he found a House the elements of which were never m«re favourable— not by tbe action of the present Government, but by the fully of their opponents. Sir James Martin's greatopiaian of his own power not only left the breach open, but destroyed his prestige in ibe House. Under all these favourable circumstances— after *li the Slowing of their own trump jt a all over the colony — what hud the Government done? rhe first question they attempted to deal with was the Border duties. After a long huagliug over this job, they had I accomplished a treaty which must inevitably come to an i end when the ad valorem duties cease. What was the object of the Conference p Why, pimply that Ministers ' were compelled to do something to look pleasant j but be held that Conferences were absurd in principle. The thing for which they claimed more credit than any other was the theory of internal communication. He was ouiy enumerating opinions now which he had before \ enumerated. Whatever ideas Goulburn, Aludgee, aad other districts might entertain upon this subject it always appearei to him that it was a species of : injustice to the coast districts like lliawarra to expend such vast sums in tbi-! way. In saying thU ' he would not have it supposed that be was oppssed to , railways. On the contrary, ff they are to be extended, ! be sbonld like to know why some great effort was not mode to extend them in a more rapid manner. How long, he would ask them, did they expect it wonld be before they hod a railway to Inverell ? (A voice : Four years.) Why not then ia one year? If they were to follow the plan of America tbey could have a railway in one year. He was afraid they had no more idea of carrying out a railway to Inverell than extending the northern district. Then why were not the roads re paired P Me did not know whether any person present wonld agree with indebtedness of the colony. He himself did not believe any colony could be benefited by borrowing moony which could be done without. But if they must borrow, why not expend the money on roads and ! bridges, which would lead to a return at once. (A j Voice : Tell us about the land.) Some one asked for ] his views on the land question. Was there ever heard , such a proceeding as a Governor being obliged to tell a ' lie in promising to introduce a Land Bill and never doing so f Was it not highly desirable that the indefinite , question of free selection should b j dealt with in a man- ; ner for its final settlement p He Hid not think pre- ' emptiva leases should be loft as they were. He hod , never been opposeA to the principle of free selection. . (? 'heero ) Indeed, his opinion waa that free selection j should be extended to a much greater length. (Hear, j hear.) tie did not approve of tbe condition of rest- .' dence, an 1 he was of opinion that the residence clause should be abolished- It was notorious that there was an immense amount of perjury committed under ! that clause. On what ground cjuld it be main- j Caiued that tha residence of a squatter, or a i manager of a bank, was more beneficial than I that of a labouring man f If either of these, or any ' one, was to put a working man on the ground to insure , residence, the probability is the working man would da j more good than either ; for, after all, w'mt was the abject of residence but the improvement of the ground. Tke improvement ot tbe soil was tha great principle to be aimed at. Suppose you were to abolish the residence, and a. low any one to fr'e select conditionally upon his putting labour upon the soil. This is the p an he won d suggest, and ne thought tbe existing system required alteration. There was one question he was prepared to give the Government credit for, which was the eettla ment of superannuation It was certainly arranged on a very just principle, and the only fault he found was that the honest repayment hod been mode with borrowed capital. He could not see what occasion there was to borrow capital, or to use a. common phrase, to '? Bob Peter to pay PauL' He did not see the advantage gained by this- change of position. There was another question he would allude to— the question of finance. They had got a pledge from the Government that the ad valorem daties should be abolished. For this he thought ihe Opposition was aa mnch to be extolled as the Government. Ho. exptcted that two sessions wou'd not have been suffered tj pass over without this promise being fulfilled, iiut what guarantee had tbey that it ever would be fulfilled ? He only hoped members would continue their opposition until it was. He thought the Upper House hod acted right in throwing out tbe bill for carrying newspapers free. The Government, in a tit of ili temper, intro duced hill to do away with the Upp;r House. Now the Legislative Assembly, he thought, was bound to purge taelf before it attempted to improve the Uppsr House. f tbe bill hod passed, it would have been passed by a. body incompetent to deal with the question. He thought a reform of thn electoral law was highly necessary, and he intended to press this npon the Government next session. He boa a promise from Sir. Porkes that he would introduce a new electoral law, The Government were therefore pledged to a. bill which he thought weald Jead to an early dissolu tion, and he was very much of opinion that the coun try would show that it bad had enough of the present Government. (Hear, hear.) He might mention that he introduced the measure for the payment of mem bers, which was thrown oat by a little technicality. He did expect that it wou'd be productive of good results. It was natural to expect that every country district would prefer being represented by some local man, who could perhaps better understand their aspira tious than others. By paying members a liberal Bum, they would very likeiy be of benefit ts the country. With respect to the public schools, he did not wish to suppress the denominational schools, but sbou d lik« to give them a little time to set their house in order. The present Government, be did not believe, hod a system of party tactics different from former Governments, but appeared to have a policy of their own — a policy of postponement -or doing as little as possible —a sort of political goose step The Mining Bill they introduced was bo cumbrous that, as a result, no bill was passed. If he was asked wh*t was the remedy for all thii, he would say put out the Government. He said this without any wish to nil their places, or a desire to follow them. Where was the remedy f The remedy was iu the electors of the country. Tueremedj for Inverell was in Inverell, (Cheers.) The electors of Inverell and tbe district must pat themselves in a posi tion to elect a better class of men. Whatever he might be urged to nay against self-government, he wou'd not be understood as saying get rid of self-government. But he thought self-governments should commence with themselves. (The hon. gentleman spoke for two hours mid twenty initiates, aad ooncladed with a perora tion ivbich was received with prolonged cheers ) A correspondent of the Boinbdla Times wrj-es:— Homeward Bound is idle, it i« a grent pity rbat i-he proprietors do not prove their gron-id, and as science is rather proli/ieon Mauaro, it inifihlcveutuiiiy prove prolilable it a choice specimen ot sucli was obtained for this particular claim. At Beimiie, Marriott's are raisiiijt maEiiifira-nt stone. Tne Blue Perer -u the wen of Messrs. Marriou'e shnft are ttiJI sinking, but 1 ain informed with ill euccflta es yet. The Rising Sun have commenced bailing, and very shoriij- worlf «ill uecuutimied with renewed vigour. I am happy to say ? hat tlie Come Love is destined w assume a more iively a Dpesrance Uian it promised. Ihe failure oi the late company lias iettno telling effect* on tlio energy oi tbe very lev miuina speculators with which B«nd«ck is endowed. Sue is now to be worked in a scientific manner (if -ucli a thing be possible witliuut an OrctoKi). The Morning Star does not appear to he making any rapid strides as yet, but do doubt I will yet be atle t? chronicle a contJututtioB of operations, as miners are to be bad preUy cheap on Bsndoclr, 