: Trne t» Herself. BY FREDERICK TP. ROBINSON. ft CHAPTER XX. 8THO^G-Jn!TDI?D. ,;.. Colonel Garth, had tuvced. hia back \\.pon Wolston, gud was already Homing under cbe star-sown sky towards the citv of Chest wieh, before Minnie was calm, or had the jwer to think of all that had boon e-.-i-I thv. nVhr ^ ' her. . Hester Deerbaui's reasoning powers )mi ieeaput in force to convince Minnie iiow ? Purely Ehawas right in not trusting to ii man. _ whose life had been a mystery, and whom n« ?ose lored. Hester was n slirctrd, possibly a clever woman, and sUo spoke as the world would have done, and condemned John GavtU by the sheer force of the circumstantial evidence which weighed iu his disfavour. Tbe weak points in Garth's case were ea.sy to bo seen ;imi to be made much of, and that strange pride whicji vrould extenuate nolhiug and defend '-notbiD^'in his conduct, secax'd to Lei- but a dogged obstinacy,. or railieran acquiescence in t lie charges 'made against him. I'o any one save llinuie sue would have spoken more forci bly ; but she loved the girl, and felt that she 'tras 'merciful, eren unjust to her dead brother, in not seeking for farther evidence against oiie who had been so unmerciful himself, jartb a appearance at the house, his visit to Gregory, his ansdety to secure Minnie, his reproaches and disappointments, were nothing to Hester. Irtifc st adied mj tires and clever bits of acting worthy of him whose whole life had been one af unscrupulous adventure. ?She could have said mare; but she was silent. Once or, twice, words that her brother had inurrawed, in hisjincoheren.ee, of the injustice that he had done John Garth, stole back to her and made her thoughtful ; but Gregory had wandered in his mind, and said things too strange and wild, even, about, himself —the best of ffl^n'thathe was !— for her to place credence in his ravings. She saw the whole story very clearly, she was certain ! and to have trusted John Garth, or to have done anything but hate him, would have been unnatural. Hetty did not ereu think that he would es cape the law ; and when she reflected upon her brother's sudden end, she compressed her lips, and clenched her hands, and trusted iu her heart that such a vilhin as John Garth would not go unpunished for his crimes. She looked forward, and saw trouble looming hi the future for poor Minnie, aud a lou-y task of reconcilement for the gentle girl who was like ^younger sister to her. For her sake she was silent, when Minnie believed ibat oho was un jus£in her opinion of the father : and for Min nie 3 sake die - would s;iy uo more than she -iou\d help. She would even try and fancy if it -were possible, that John Garth had done 'no harm, anS .ctolyloveii iris daughter. Heaven Jmewtnat alie had heeu hasty more than ouce aad£hfMt,shj5,-liad not .helped to her own Iiappi nees.w-ifitiiiieii by futile efforts to let the light in upon truths which had dismayed her She had not acted frankly herself in her nar r&#estiinats of what -was right : and we know ttol sue feared much future misconception of heK.Own actions, which had been done for the beet, an3 not ia enmity or jealousy. She had adopted strange means to make wrong ri^Ur a&\ wj?. fcheady sorry and repentant; sue might jEhmk in time that it was eren possible Jokn finrth had not sought to injure hat itttftHerott that night from which more 1 1 uU ? 4?jj*P* °-ne *?UBt 6urely dute- Tterefur,;. tc ' cUrtMjnuie, she was merciful, although she heia to; the one opinion that it w.is wtt that aUibAd,endedas.ichadj aud that, wiibso j.iur-h '? of mystery about the father, it was notipoyiljle' njEga* it home to her. Of John Garth s unwor- . tkmesg&ke;\8!ud*0 3UQve,btii she felt that it ; mb. au-d-njic lV mive aimnie at Her1 side' still a sister, comforter, and friend ? ' , ^'je eWe hard to believe that she could harejaoteim no other way, or have made no other choice, knowing so little of her father ? but hiB.loqt. words wei-e riug ng in her euro, aud they were so like truth aud real affection, that tobeh|ye in.hj8 complete uuworthiuess was beroud'iiei' after that night. FlVIf I have done him an iujastice-if we have '? all -wronged ouu, Hetty!' said Miunie m-m-nne her .hank: ? 'if I, bis only child, have con demned him. Oh, to feel that all the world regards him as a villain! How hard— how wrong ! ? ' Patience, Minnie,' said Hester. ' The tmtacanno.j remamhidden, and we shall know it soon, for good or evil. What rests with us . for coaaslation iBthe fcwl that tdb .-,-?„ i,,,n-,,,. »l£sh of him to seek to take you from me ' . 'Ob, I don't know that,' saidMinnie ter,J^| reproachfully; 'you would W for gotten me tor him P'1 'Nerer to hare forgotten you, Hetty; to have seen you very often; but to haTe been all fnente together—he knowing and esteeming yon and Antonio, , for his .daughters sake first, andfor your.oimBikes presently. If ifc couid I have been like that-if toe reproach of driving him away were not with me, a lastine and a ; bitter one,' 6 'I wish that yon would rest now, Minnie toSsWuftss?' met° take toheait ' Tes; I heard,' replied Hetty ' That was —that was a last attempt to orerpon-er your featfeiOf Ebam -do not think of it. tf all be true thi**«afeMttff«t Antonio before Ue oaTo here to-night— there, I willtrv and t.i.^t 7w that is true now,' *he cried; 'youremayW a happy hfe without him; and «4honr common sorrow lying further in the distance, and under aU ^roiiinstances of your disappointments whateTer they maybe, of the fatter or the lorer or of anything— why we two together may find peace RDd happiness.' J HeBter Deerham spoke with feverish impa hadaeen exhibited at an earlier how of the night; and Minnie wondered, eren then, if there were to follow peace and happineBs with one so inconsistent and unsettled She +/-T,f ?& ir7L. f-CJJJittu was inconsis tent. For .^aetty had thought both ill and well of Antonio-ha? spoken of kim4s if be had sought a ^vife only for her' money uduK diaappjinted at the oleventh- hour, he would break her heart presently if Ehe were not strong and brave enough to resist ? and.now Hetty would have ledthe conversation round to Antonio again, and once more hare made futile efforts to compose her-no she would have no more of argument that night. Let her think of her father stiU-of what steps might have Leen taken to learn the truth con SffiSi ^V°f ?hat jU8ter and wiser -coumc might be followed eren yet 'i -Onni that! will go to my room, Hester,' shesaid^ I am very tired.' 'I am afraid that 1 hare been cruel to you/ said. Hester, regarding her wistfully, ' andi have not acted well, although doing ali things for the best, May I try a letter way to mo? row. ? J ' X-e* do,' replied Minnie, very earnestly £oji are unnerved, I am sure,' said Hester ' Let?me sleep with you to-nin-ht' '?reuniust leare me to myself, Hetty,' she murmured, ' By myself I Eeem to approach the trntfciflore closely ; and if I could read my father s heart correctly, I should be content'-'' ' Touwill not brood'on this— you will try to sleep?' 'Yes, I will try— presently.' ' I will look in presently, at least. Dou't loek your door.' 'If you arc asleep, I will not startle you, said Hester ; '? and s } g jod-nigh ;, Minnie and for all the hard words that have escaped a girl v.-ho has groim very excitable, forgiva me l am not myself yet. She wound her arms round her, and Minnie said; ' Oh Hetty, I have nothing to forgive. If we could not speak frankly to each other, where would be our trust and love?' Yf lien Hester Deerham was alone, skc re peated these words to herself. ?'It was all for the best,' she said at last, starting to her feet. ' If she ie liffht and I «m wrong, eo much the better for her— and the greater trouble spared her, and umguessed at. I c;in bear mine always, for I am a terribly strong womuu. Even poor Greg waB afraid of me, ;ind loved Minnie so much better. Everv b»dy loves Minnie— and ue one cares Much for me. But that doei not matter very much Hetty — does it?' She was standing by Ike mautle-pieee, and ?lie turned with a quick movement to the look ing glass, and addressed her dim, pale reflec tion, as she might have spoken t« some one liring ^andj breathing witu her there. The figure in the glass moved its head mournfully to aad fro wiib her'a ; eh« imtsnded it for the answer to her own sad questi*D, and as if con te»t with it she walked away. '' How well I can bear it all though,' she | said again, is biie went up-staira, etill consider £»g herliU, ?' with my strength of mind, and . with all this money left me.' j VTi* it this assurance and self-confidence which kept strong so weak a woman, in her way, as Hester Deerham F— for Hester Deer bam was net strong-mi tded, o»]y a woman who ! looked forward, aud was sceptical. Strong ? heartrd perhaps, for she had borne much, and had not giveu way— strong to endure, and even to resist, and altogether a stronge enough womau for her years ; bnt not staong- minded; j rather one wh« hesitated at every step of her i way, and iu the mists about her life and youth ' knew not which road to take. Chafteb xxi. a discovert. Tho Heiress of Wolstcn House stood on the broad landing-place outBide her room, as if a sudden and new thought had met her, and whilst thus deliberating, her maid surprised her. r ' Oh, Misa Deerham, I did not know you were here,' said the lady's-maid, going back nervously a step or two. The house had been a, dull house lately : there had heen a death in it, and much talk of murder, and the servants were inclined to walk about in pairs aud keep each other company after sundown, iu the l«ng passages and up- gtairs rooms. ' Yes, it is I,' said Hester ; 'hare you been waiting for me t' 'Y*i, ma'am.' '' I shall do without you to-night, Mary. I don't know that I shall go to bed for some hours, and I may even sleep in my brother's oom.' 'Oh, dear— in Mr. Deerham's room, did yon say ? ' . J 'Te3— why not?1' ' I—I dou't know— but I thought that per . haps you might be nervous so soon after — -' \- 'No, not at all. I am not a nervous woman ! —and I have work to do.' Proud of her nerve, as well as of her strong .mind, was Hester Deerham tien, and she was Ur from a coward, it was evident. She had ?wbi-k to dp,' and' it had been too long delayed. There were many papers in the iron safe which was let into ...the wall of Gregory Deerham's room, and she had not cared to examine them -after, the ficsfr Jseai-ch^or the will that her brother was supposed to have written. She uaaseen, too, tuat tnere.were some letters care ; fully stored, aad had wondered at them and j their contents, and altogether there was more , confusion than she had expected to find. She had promised herself an early day to put her documents in order and she had thought sud denly that night of them, and of the possibility i of something coining to the light concerning i.Johu Garth's past, which wonld set Minnie's rumd at jest, and prore how right she had beeii m warning her of trusting him. She kuew that her brother for 3ome years back had been careful «f various papers in which John Uarthhad been mentioned, and which she had read herself, and shuddered orer; and there came to her a strange and sudden desire to find those records. If ohe could only know the man as Gregory had known him— if she could be sure that she was completely right ia her estimation of his character I For, after all, and detpite her terri ble convictions, the last words of John Garth, the last looks and angry reproaches, had come back to her with a startling distinctness, as she went slowly up the stairs towards her room that night. They met her on the landing place— ghosts of a retrospect that she could not exor ciseortbiukdown; and she became suddenly anxious to prove how clear- sighted she was, arid how right in everything she had been. She took the light from her servant's hand. ' Good-night. Mary— that will do.' 'Shan't 1 come with you, Ifieu Deerham p' 6aid the maid, nervously, 'Are you not afraid.' ' Not at all,' was the reply. Hester Deerham passed into the room, which had been sLunned 6ince her brother's death, and had been only entered in the full daylight, to admit air and sunshine, and closed the door behind her. [to be cobtinoed.] VH. lilifoar'S PHOSPHODYNE. — MULTI TUDES OK P«OPLK are hopoles^.ufferiag froi DebHty Wervon. and Uvet Ooinplnints, Depression of Spirits, Dulnsioni, Unfitneas for Buslne»s or Study TMoro of Hearing sight, nod M«mory, Lasnitnd^, Want of Power, &o.;, whose esses ada.it of a permanent cure by the new n-m»dy, PHOSPHODTNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at onoo aUyn nil irritation and excite ment lmpurts new energy and life to the cnfe-bled oraidiutiun, and rapi.ily euros ev, ry stage of the-e bttherto incurable and distres.ing maladies. So] i b* Si0??}'™ ^?rd StorekaeP0'8 throughout the Colonies' (W HAUMON. - Be particular to ask for Dr abroad, and avoM purcbasiug single bottl-w, the genuluo nrticlo beius boM la cases onW. ^?^^^y1^^ OOOO A.- -Opinions o! tie jptess.— Those who have ao: yet tried Blaravilla wil do woU to do so. — HorninjPost. ' It may iuat'.y b. ?caSeiiha pBrfwtioa of prepared Cocoa.'— British Medi cat Journal. MARA VILLA OOOOA The Gfcbe says— Taylor, Brothers' Maravilla Cooot as oplii87oi a thorough eaccass, and Buparaedeg even ther Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, s eucB^-e 3ronia, azxA a rare concentration of tho purea ementa of nutrition, distinguish tho MaravUla Coeoj, a'xjre all othara. flor invalids and dyspeptics, we coold not recommend a more agreeable or vtTuabli ' HOMCESOPATHIO OOOOA: TTufl onginal proparatioD, whidi has atained anoh . wSTld^!S--l0 ^Pntation; r is manufactured by TATLOE BEOIHEBS.^andor «ie ablest homosopaftit *fa& aided by the skUl and «xporience of the inventors, «nc wiU bo foand to. combine a «n eminent degree tlu junty, fine aroma, and nutritioaa proparty of th. -tresh nut. . - SOLUBLE OHOOOIiATEL made u- one minute without boiling. The »bov« ?rtidfls m» prepared ^naively by ftiylor, Brothen/ iK itajgBBf manufacturers m Europe, and sold in tinf' imad.e^pU »nly, by .ftorekeenora and others, .11 ore, thaTwrMjoStaam Mills, Brink Jane. LMidon/v Export MeeayMOlB. BruwB, Belcium. ;/T' Tisdies Imnwa- Tenders nre nvitcd by ihe Troaswa^pr-bmWinr-a -RjiawrtlelTed boat for the toamble^ight-ship *f Syaney, ' a»d ' a - Itent fte'Ath«' 