Oijc cSßtmcß iWomina petalo« WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1873. m IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers stated, in answer to questions : I. That the Minister for Work« had perused the correspond- ence and minutes of the Executive Co »neil, relating to the removal of Mr. Deegan from tho position of station-master at Bowral railway Btation. 2 That Mr. Deegan was i>t the present time a guard of the 4th class, and that he was allowed to resign, and was «appointed by the previous Government by whom the charges against him had been dealt with. 3\. That 341 men, 90 horses, and 8 bullocks were at the present time employed in repairing the road between Wallerawang and Mudgee. 4. That it is the intention of the Government to introduce a bill in a few days to enable, the Marine Board to regulate boats and boatmen plying for hire within tho harbour of Port Jackson. 5. That the time for the completion ol No. 9 section of the Great Western Railway had been extended to the 30th September next. 6. That the road superintendent in charge of the main Western Road from Bathurst to the Rocks Hill resides at Orange, and that the superintendent in charge of the road from Bathurst to Ophir, via Rock Forest, resides at Bathurst. 7. That tenders for the erection of a police barracks nt Orango would be in- vited so soon as the plans and specification could be prepared. Mr. NELSON moved the adjournment of the HouBe to draw attention to the incon\ enience caused by the Audit Act, which he said was illustrated in the case of the vote for the erection of P01ÍC&1 barracks at Orange. He contended that the Act ought to be amended so that votes would not lapse, if not acted upon before the end ofnhe year. Mr. J. S. SMITH took advantage of the motion for adjourning to point out to the Government that their promise to him of the previous session that provision would be made for a permanent supply of water for Hill End mid not been kept, and that the inhabitants of the locality were compelled to use impure water. He also referred to the unsatisfactory state of post and telegraph office« at Hill End, and reaffirmed his statement ct a previous day, that Evans Plains Bridget was in a dangerous condition. ' Mr RArHAKL said that the Peel River Bridge and the Wattle Flat Roads were out of repair, and that the post and telegraph offices at Hill End were not . creditable to the country. ! Mr. LUCAS (aid he could bear his testimony to the insufficiency of the accommodation provided for the post-office at Tambaroora, and also to the wretohed cordition of the lock-up at the same place. He, however, thought that Hill End ought to be incorpo-' rated. Mr. MACKINTOSH hoped the Government-would consider the question of the best means of discharging the sewage from the city of Sydney, whereby the harbour would not be injured. Mr. WEIHI complained of the favour shown to the contractor for No. 9 section of the Great Western Railway, which he attributed to political influence. He also advocated a new route for the proposed exten- sion from Bathurst to Orange. \\.i. FARNELL said there was a sum of £400 on the Estimates for water supply, and that the Government had invited tenders for post and telegraph offices at Hill End ; but contracts were not taken, because they had no suitable land, nnd they were not disposed to purchase at the extra .vagnnt piicr6 asked by parties who had eligible sites lui- sale. He concurred in the statement of the hon. member for Orange respecting the inconvenience caused by the Audit »Act, ar.d hoped the Act would be i mendid. Mr. LOUD said that Rodd's new line for the railway from Bathurst to Orange would be only 36 miles, »he reas the line, according to the original survey, would be 48 miles. Mr. CUMMINGS denied that the contract for No. 9 section of the Great Western Railway deserved the censwe of the ho«, member for West Macquarie (Mr. Webb), to whom he attributed personal feeling ngainst the contractor. Mr. HOSKINS commented upon the impropriety of the retention of Mr. Deegan in the public service in the face of the fact that the clerk to the traffic, auditor of the railways reported that he was guilty of flagrant embezzlement, Mr. SUTHERLAND said the case of Mr. Deegan would ngnin be considered by the Government. Captain ONSLOW said he was informed of four other cases in the public service in which the delinquents »ere allowed to resign, and were again appointed. Mr. BURNB deprecated the references of the hon. member for Camden (Mr. Onslow), unless the names were mentioned. ' Mr. R. B. SMITH dwelt upon the importance of the Manning River district being brought into closer communicatitm with Sydney and other parts of the colony by the extension of the telegraph line to that district, and hoped the hon. Minister for Works would not allow the vote for the line to lapse. Mr. NELSON replied, and in doing so said he hoped the Government w< uld adhere to the original line for the extension of the railway from Bathurst to Orange. Ile had no doubt that the hon. member (Mr. Webb) was influenced by personal motives in recommending the new line. Mr. SUTHERLAND assured the hon. member for the Hastings that the vote for tho Manning River tele- graph would not lapse, as it was provided for by loan. The motion for adjournment was then put, and negatived. Mr. BAWDEN presented a petition in favour of the Grafton railway scheme, which was ordered to be printed. Mr. PARKES gave notice of his intention to intro- duce bills to regulate the office and duties of the London Agent-General, and to provide for the mili- tan defences of the colony. Mr. BUTLER laid returns on the table, which were ordered to be printed. On the motion of Mr. LUCAS it was ordered that the House would on Friday resolve itself into Committee to consider the desirability of introducing a bill to exempt certain con- tracts from the law of partnerships. The production of returns in reference to the pas- senger traffic at Homebush and Burwood Railway Stations during the montliB of November, 1867 and 1872, was also ordered on the motion of Mr. Lucas. Cuptam ONSLOW'moved for the production of re- turn» showing the number of pupils in schools under the Council of Education by or for whom no Behool fees were paid during the quarter ended the 31st December, 1872, and for other information of the like character relating to the same schools. The hon. member contended that the parents of children at ' tending the Denominational schools were in poorer circumstances than the parents of children attending the Public schools, which was a powerful reason for the maintenance of Denominational schools. After remarks from Mr. BUCHANAN the motion was put, and agreed to. Mr. HOSKINS moved for a copy of the record made by the Council of Education of their refusal to grant a salary to the teacher of the Roman Catholic school at Adelong, which, after a few remarks from the hon. mover, was put and passed. Mr. MACINTOSH moved a resolution affirming that the House would, on Friday, go into Committee to1 coneider.an address to the Governor praying for the insertion in the Supplementary Estimates for 1873, of the sum of £40 17s. lid. to be paid to Messrs. Charles Moore and Co. to defray the difference between the amount paid by the Collector of Customs to Messrs. Moore, and the amount realized by the sale of goods, their property, ex Ascalon, seiied and sold by the Collector. 1 he resolution was supported by Mr. NELSON and Mr.- OAKES, and opposed by Mr. STEWART and Mr. BAVHAEL, and on division was negatived by 29 to 9. Hie petition presented by Mr. TUNKS on the pre- vious day, in favour of the sale of the Field of Mars Common, was ordered to be printed. The consideration pf the resolutions moved by Mr. FORSTES, and the amendment of Mr. Parkes relating to the Public Schools Act, wat resumed. On the tim question,-" That the word« proposed to bo umitttd, stund part of the question," tho Houso divided-iijt-n, 10 ; nore, 26. 'Hie amendment that the words proposed to bo in-1 serted be so inserted, was next proposed mid debited on a point of order raised by Mr. GAUKRTT, m to whether it wai in order to permit of an amendment on the amendment being proposed niter the ii st amendment was negatived. Mr. ROIIEUTSON at last moved tlutt the words from 1806 bo omitted, which wns negatived. The amendment of Mr. PARKES, in favour of the Public Schools Act, wero then put and carried by 2C to 9. '1 he House adjourned at a quarter to 11 o'clock to 4 p.m this day (Wcdncsdaj). By the kindness of M. SKNXIS WC obtained .a report of the International Commission, containing all the information with respect to the project of M. FEKBINANÜ DE LKSSEPS, who carried out the percement of the Isthmus I of Sute. As a document tracing all the steps which have led to so glorious an issue, written with the clearness and arrangement so special to French authorship, it has an I interest which will ever increase. It contains | nearly 400 pages octavo. i hough full of Fcientific facts, it does not elude the ordinary reader. I It is now nearly twenty years since our attention was first called to this magnificent plan. We were furnished with copies of the journal published in Paris, issued very frequently. But all newspapers are ephemeral, and much of the argument and refutation to which the discussion gave rise has ceased to be of importance to mankind, excepting as illustrating indomitable resolution and iper^ tinacious resistance to the furtherancajkncT defeat of a plan happily successful., ^*his report contains the judgment of engineers appointed by the Pacha of EGYPT, from their, first meeting to the last. In their number' were men of eminence of almost every great nation ; the French not having the majority, and the English being represented. We mention this fact because political reasons, we presume, more than any other induced Lord PALMERSTON to resist the scheme, and to pre- vail on the Porte to retard its execution. Some indeed of the objections offered were well founded ; such as the employment of forced labour, which was successfully pre- vented, at least in name. On the subject of slavery Lord PALMERSTON was an enthusiast, and once when TALLEYRAND was asked by his Government whether he thought the veteran statesman was at heart opposed to slavery, or was acting a part, the subtle old diplomatist gave his opinion ' that Lord PALMERSTON be- lieved, and tfeat in that faith he acted-a noble testimony from one of the most shrewd poli-, ticians of his age. Our readers will remember that, apart from political objections to the Isthmus of Suez, it was stated by many to be an impossibility to pierce it, or at least for any commercial pur- pose. The grand Nile, so celebrated among all nations, meets the Mediterranean and washes one side of the Isthmus of Suez ; on the other > ¡-hore the Isthmus is washed by the waters of the lied Sea. The Pharaohs have left traces of a canal intended rather for interior communica- tion, and for that kind of navigation which was limited to vessels , of Bmall dimensions. The first of modern times who ' called attention to the question of making a canal were the engineers who accompanied the expedition to Egjpt. The subject was reconsidered in 1798. M. liErERE presented a, memoir to the first Contul in 1803, which was published in 1808. M. LET/EKE visited the country, and with the assistance of an escort, made a rapid survey. He proposed to make a canal with four locks. He rated the expense at twenty millions of irancs, and the time to complete the work five years. He proposed, however, an indirect couise as the only successful method of over- coming^ the difficulties of the soil, and of the seasons. The general project was revived by an engineer in 1847. But great difficulties were found in his plas, and it was abandoned owing to the tendency to ascumulate obstructions of sand in the bed of the proposed canal. At last it was resolved, after an accurate and perfect survey, to adopt the straight course i rom sea to sea, and to effect those gigantic constructions which have satisfied the condi- tions of commercial success. One great obstacle to the acceptance of this. plan arose from the belief that the level of the Red Sea was nearly thirty feet higher than the Mediterranean. This was considered to be a fatal objection to any level course. Most scientific men treated it as fatal. The rush of waters would not only have endangered any works, but would have presented inseparable obstacles to navigation. It is a marvellous instance of men abiding by an opinion without putting it to the test. It is, however, explained in part by the barbarous condition of the country, and the imperfect i-urvey which was possible only while the matchlocks of the Arabs defended the region from intrusion ; and its desert character made it 'difficult to obtain subsistence. The eminent astronomer LAPLACE, however, objected to the h)pothesis that there could be any serious and permanent difference of level anywhere on the ocean. LAPLACE had never \¡sited Egypt. Against his view there was the authority of ARISTOTLE, who had said that the Bed Sea was higher than the land of Egypt, and that SESOSTRIS, who had begun to make a canal, was obliged to desist. DARIUS attempted the same thing with the same conclusion, fearing that the Red Sea, if mingled with the river, would destroy its coarse. This ancient authority long, however, maintained its ground. LAPLACE asserted it was contrary to the laws of Nature, and could not be true; and the laws of Nature at last got the day. For forty years fur- ther attempts were delaved. In 1830. Captain C iixEKEY (BOW General) crossed the Isthmus and declared that the French had been decehed, and that the great difference between the levels was a" delusion. The same opinion was asserted by English ofiicers in 1840. But their instruments were imperfect. In 1846 a society was formed under the auspices of distinguished engineers of several nations. They made a careful examination. They had excellent instru- ments, and they took a survey in different parts. In 1847 they published their report, and thus arrived at the conclusion that the idea of difference of level was a mistake, and that LAPLACE was right. When once this fact was established there were several of less importance. The qualify of the soil was represented to be so «andy and unsettled that it was supposed that a canal could hardly be maintained. This also proved to be without the least foundation. An examination showed that the entire soil of the Isthmus was perfectly fixed, and for the most part covered with bushes, and that considerable remains of the ancient channels were visible. One part, called the Bitter Lake, showed a great depth, but the ancient remains proved that there was comparatively little displacement of the surrounding region. They found that the, traces of an encampment of a previous' 'year1 had not been effaced, hut were a distinct as at the hour when,they were left. The nport of the Commission giveTJe S of the plan and of the cost of execution It «usa «nat undertaking to construct ports, to make a fresh water canal thirty feet wide and then form the marine canal suited for K vin* pasnage to id.ips stated to have been between 1000 and 2000 tons burden. This passa« is dapable of considerable enlargement; as com rherce maj require it. Vegetation is covering the shores, and in the centre of the Isthmus» port is growing, which will have a great com. mercml value. The cost of building sites ii ' Hw» stated to have been fixed at a very hieh price. Ihe commercial growth of this enterprise has exceeded all expectation, and year after year the »bips of England turn to this wonderful achievement with increasing hope. . The effects, politically and commercially, of this grand undertaking are only dawning ; and it is striking to see how the course of com- merce is likely to change the condition of ancient nations, as well as to alter the interests of more modern Stales. In this colony, we have hitherto looked on; hut a more practical interest will con- nect Australia with the great pathway of nations. The P. and O. Company have given instructions that their next homeward bound steamer shall cross the Isthmus-a course already taken by most vessels from China and India when freight and time are of more importance than length of voyage. SIB JAMES MARTIN on Friday took exception to a statement made.in a ¡leading article in .the Ile»aid as to the amount of the Border Customs' duties for the last quarter of the year.' Ihe amount, as given by us, was simply à cop) of the figures in the Government Gazelle, containing the usual quarterly statement of retenue; and as this statement is signed by the TREASURER, and countersigned by a rçspon sible officer [of the Department, tye know no reason why its accuracy should be disputed. But a separate return, giving the Border Customs' duties for eleven months of the year, tías been presented by the TREASURER to the House, the figures in which do not coincide with those in the Gazette. According to thiB return, the receipts for the last three months, instead of being only £16,500 altogether, were 'more than £17,000 from Victoria alone, and more than £22,000 if the South Australian contingent is added. 'Ihe discrepancy between the two statements may be accounted for in this way. The Gazette contains an account of only such money as has been received at the Treasury in Sidney up to the close of the quarter, and of course the duties collected on the frontier all the way ' between Albury and Wentworth do not reach the metropolis directly they are collected. I T,he actual collections, therefore, for any one month will not exactly tally with the receipts for the same month in Sydney. If the former are made up and forwarded monthly, as we believe to be the case, the receipts in Sydney during October, November, and December would represent the actual collections of September, October, and November. The Gazette returns therefore fairly represent a quarter's revenue, though they do not give the actual collections ' for the last three months. The Sydney quarter is, not identical with the Border quarter, although two months out of the three are common to both. * - ' , It is exceedingly probable that even if the Border question does not come formally be- fore the Conference," Mr. PARKES and Mr. FiiANcis will take the opportunity of having a quiet discussion over the affair, and theretore the information conveyed in the TREA- SURER'S return is at this moment par- ticularly interesting. It has always been the avowed design of Sir JAKES MARTIN to postpone any agreement with the Government of Victoria until there had been ai twelvemonth's actual collection of duties, to show what was the character and amount of the Border trade. This aim has now been very nearly realised. By the end of this month the duties will have been actually collected for twelve mjonths, and the return presented to Parlia- ment gives the figures for eleven months, viz., from February to December inclusive. ¡Tins return shows that the amount col- lected during that period on goods coming from Victoria was ¿55,142 2s. 2d., and on goods from South Australia £11,685 2s. 6d., or. altogether £66,827 4s. 8d. This gives us an average of a little over £6000 a 'month as the value of the Customs revenue on the dutiable gooda entering this colony by the two back doors, or a little over £72,000 & j ear. But the monthly average is by no means regularly realized. On the contrary, there are great variations in the volume of the trade ; thus, in one month, the receipts were as low as £3907, and in another they were as high as £9167. This is partly due to the fact that squatters lay in their supplies as they can get up-carriage, and that the river navigation is only open for certain months in the year. Under no circumstances will the trade be uniform, ,but during the pa-t tear there were special causes tending to increase, that irregu- larity. The expiration of the treaty, and the doubt as to whether it would be renewed, led many Riverina importers to lay in heavy stocks before the revenue officers were reappointed. That this was so is made very clear by the returns. Thus for five consecutive months after the duties began to be collected the receipts on gopds through Victoria were below the monthly aterage, while for every month subsequently ( they have been up to or beyond it. The aver- age from Victoria alone is a little over £5000 a month; but in February the receipt wa» only £2588, and in March £2875. The highest receipt from Victoria-borne goods wa» in i August amounting to £7972 ; and the next highest was in December, being £6318. It is only during the last six months of the year, therefore, that the trade through Victoria can be considered as having bean normal ; previous to that, the disturbing cause» referred to bad been in operation. For these last six months the receipts have been £37,248, or at the rate of £74,596 from Victoria alone. '1 he South Australian contribution would give at least £12,500 more. The average from South Australia is over £1000 a month; bat during the last half of the year, the average l» oter £1100 a month. The sum of £85,000 a ¡year, therefore, would be _ within the mark as representing the claim of New South Wales, sa far as the normal trade of the last six months can be taken as an indication. Against this has to be set the Victorian claim of £5926. Part of this is wharfage, the full amount of which is not entered, but which probably would not exceed £500. When, therefore, £80,000 was asked irom Mr. FRANCIS as a compensation, it wa» a pretty close approximation to correctness, and it will give Victoria all the advantage of the pro- bable increase of trade due to the higher price , of wool, und the freer expenditure of squatters. We are bound to confess that the returns for e thei last eleven months do not appear to justify the claim of £100,000,'but at the same tun« ihey show thatlthe Victorian proposal to renew ] the old payment of £60,006 was , as much below the mark. Another page of the return gives the «mounts collected at the several stations, of which there are, altogether, eight. Moama of ?course is the principal place, being opposite to the terminus of the Melbourne railway. Nearly £25,000 was collected here, being not far from half the total collection from Victoria. This fact makes it probable that when the North-eastern railway is completed to Albury, a lal ge quantity of goods will in a «imilar manner be precipitated into'this colony. At present the Albury Custom-house is the second in importance on the frontier, the col- lection there amounting to £17.647. Thjs of course will be greatly increased as soon as our South-western settlers can save time and money by getting their goods up to the frontier by railway. Our merchants now know pretty well what is the area of country, with Albury as its centre, which is swept by the Melbourne commercial traveller. How far the raaius of that circle will be lengthened when the township opposite Albury is a rail- way terminus, is a point which we have yet to leam. It is because of the uncertainty in this reject that Mr. PARKES has proposed only a short-lived treaty. PUBLIC EDUCATION.-At a late hour last even- ing, tho order of the day for tho resumption of tho ad ?ourncd debuto on the motion of Mr. Forstor, in favour of tho introduction of a bill to próvido for tho extension and stricter enforcement of the principles of secular instruction, ?was íallcd on. No member roso to Bpeak on oithor the original motion or Mr. Pnrkcs's nmendmont- which was to tho effect that the cxperienco of tho last six j cars fully justifies the policy of the Publie School Act of 1866, nnd that it would be impolitic to interfere at present with tho system of instruction established undor its provisions. Mr. lorstcr did not reply. Tho motion was negatived on -división hy 26 io 16. Mr. Parkes's amendment was agreed to on division by 26 to 9. Tho result of tho last division was received willi cheers nnd counter cheers. LONDON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, 1873. -A special meeting of tho Commissioners took place at their ollico in Bridge-street, ou Monday, at3p"im., for tho purposo of meeting, by appointment, Mr. 13. D. Hoitcrman, of tho firm of Beyers and Holtennan, Hill End. Thora wcro present-tho lion. Saul Samuel, Dr. A. Garran, Messrs. E. L. Montefiore, "W. Wallis, and C. H. Hayes. The object of tho meeting was to enlist tho vnluablo co ?iperation of Mr. Holterman in collecting exhibits from our rarious mines for exhibition in London. Mr. Holtennan, laving been introduced to tho -meeting, stated in convcr ?uition that ho was at present ongiigcd in making a largo .collection of specimens from tho mines of tho colony, iccompanicd with photographs ,of tho localities and statis- tical accounts of tho extents of the fields - labour, &c;, employed thereon; that in doing so ho would bo most lnppy to assist tho Commissioners in any manner that was' ii his'power by securing specimens for thom, and ho would lo prepared to lend thora on rcnsonablo terms any largo ipecimens ho should obtain. Ho would also supply thom rith photographs of lboso that had been taken from his . daim at Hawkins Hill, for tho purposo of having thom noddled. Ho would havo much pleasure in co-opomtiug vitli tho Commissioneia in'developing tho great mineral vcslth of the colony. The Commissioners oxprosscd tlioir tmnks to Mr. Holterman for tho great interest ho took in tio object for which thoy had solicited tho intorriow, and Jilly relied on hiB energetic assistance. CHURCH SOCIETY.-The fourteenth annual nooting of tho Waverley Auxiliary Church Sooioty ?w58 hold in St. Mary's Schoolroom, Waverloy, yester . diy evening. Owing, no doubt, to tho inclemency of tho walker, the attendance was,rather small but the meeting \ras in other respects satisfactory. Tho proceedings woro . ojened with prayer by the chairman, tho Rev. Mr, Stanloy Mitchell, and tho secretary then road tho following re prt for tho year 1872, which was unanimously adopted : "In laying beforo tho subscribers and frionds thoir four- teenth annual report, your committee regret having to ainounco a slight docrooso in tho receipts during tho past tvcWo months. Tho annual sermons wcro preached on Sunday, the 8th of December last, in the morning, by tho Very Rovcrend tho Dean of Sydney ; and in tho evening by Iho Ror. H. A. Longley. Tho'' subscriptions, togothor with tho balanco from last year and the collections after tho animal sermon, amount to £61 9s. 9d., which has boon forwarded to tho parent society. Your coinmittoo nowi ?desiro to record their high appreciation of tho services of ' tho lady collectors, to whoso zeal and energy tho prosperity of yonr auxiliary is chiefly duo; and whilo thanking thom for the diligence they have already displayed, and con- gratulating them on the favourablo result of thoir efforts, thoy trust that they will continue their oxortions during the present year with increased success. In. conclusion, your committee would earnestly commend tho object and work of tho Church Society to tho earnest prayers and hearty support of tho mombo« of tho Church m Ulis parish. Tlioy feel that the importance of tho society to tho Clinrch in this elioecso cannot bo over-estimated, and: they earnestly hope that tho present year muy bo marked by an increaso in tho number of 'subscribers to its funds, and that the Great Head of the Church may mnko it one of His instruments for the extension of tho knowledgo of Ilis truth throughout the diocese." Tho Rov. H. A. Langloy ond Mr. E. W. Cameron attended ns a deputation from tho Auxiliary"« committee. Rev. H. A. Langley addressed tho mooting, urging the advantages of the society as help- ing to-bind moro closely together different congregations and parishes, which would otherwiso havo little in common , except that thoy belonged to the santo communion. Ho pointed out also the great good which had boon done in tho up-country districts by the society and its agents, and stated that it had by its exaniplo in inany cases roused into activity other denomina- tions which had been previously idle, or comparatively so. Mr. Cameron spoke of tho formation of the society, tho difficulties it had mot with, and tho great benefits which it had conferred on the Church so far as temporal'mattors wcro concomed. Ho insisted strongly upon the duty of memliors of the Church to do their utmost to Bupport this very useful organization, reminding thoso prosont that evon now there woro thousands of persons in tho colony who had no placo of worship to go to. Tho proceedings woro terminated with prayer. BT. STEPHEN'S NEW PRESBYTERIAN CHUBCH, MACoriAiUK-BTiiEET.-We aro informed that Mr. Charles Smith, of Macdonald, Smith, and Co., has offered to con- tribute the sum of £500 to tho building fund of the abovo church on condition that two others give each an equal amount. Sovoral other exceptionally encouraging contribu- tions Lavo been mado ; among them, Mr. Alexander Dean, of Elizabeth-street, £260 ; Mr. Robert Gray, of Wynyard wmsro, £250 ; Mr. John Shedden Adam, of tho Survoyor «enoral's Department, £260 ; Mr. Josoph Pnxton/of Ash- field, £200 ; and several amounts of £100 and £50 each. Altogether, of tho £6000 required beforo conunonoing tho building, nearly £3000 has already in n remarkably short T been subscribed. Tho church, which is to cost about £8000, is to bo a massive stone structure, capable of seating 5 v ' y^ persons. From its commanding position, beautiful for situation," it witt bo an ornomont to tho city. THE DEBATE ON MB, FORSTER'S MOTION AS TO HECULAU EDUCATION.-Tho following is that portion of MO rules for tho schools at Holvrood Houso, road on friday evening by Mr. Macintosh. These rules wero pro- mulgated in 1688 :-"l. Tho intention of opening theso scboolB is to teach youth virtuo and learning. They shall M taught gratis, nor sholl they bo at any further cbargos «r expenses than buying of their own pens, ink, paper, and nooks. 2. Thcso schools aro common to all, of what con oition soovor. and nono shall bo excluded, when thoy shall BO thought fit to begin to leam Latin, and -write BuffioionÜy TU ; and in /these schools sholl bo taught Greek ana .Mun, aB also pootry, rhetoric, and philosophy, &c;, as thoy «Ml riso to higher schools. 3. And although youths of cillèrent professions, whofher Catholics or Protestants, tomo to those schools, yet, in teaching all, there shall bo no Distinction mado, but all shall bo taught with equal dili genoe ana caro, and ovory ono shall bo promoted according w his deserts. 4. There shall not bo, oithor by masters or ecnolars, any tampering or meddling to persuado any one «lim~~fpro/e8Biono£'lis0W11 robgion, but thoro shall bo nu ireoaom for ovory one to practise what religion ho shall ii;!80', ?°no BhnU bo «*s esteemed or favoured for T»P « a different religion from others. 6. Nono shall 3"í3orrcIlroach ftny ono ontü0 nccount of religion; «no. wncn any oxorciso of rcb'giou shall bo practised, as HCünnD" innen ««*»"!..._:_*r_. * . * * ., J?TEE£T CnossiNGS.-A correspondent writes : voit I* . PT01'00 of omnibus drivers to pull up thoir W i unmcdintcly over tho crossings, swept, scraped, and or ii Ü!w f?r.foo,t passengers-no mnttcr in what weathor lln~ .Z"11 "«to the roadway may bo in, thereby ontailing rial ? PTb.110 (wh«tber malo or female) tho necessity eitncr of waiting until tim driver thinks proper to "move nL*fîï?U!mt'y soveral minutes, or else to make a circuit mo«^-C?,nve}'anco ihrouSa the mud. This practico cor^~PCîmiIyntourSrcnt lcíldinS thoroughfares, at tho ' nfcSi i°í KlD&> Pitti «n<* George streets, is, I think nitS r-?- Jectl.°?ablo> and °uBut to bo suppressed by tho amnontics There cannot bo tho slightest nocessity for it. lor^f rC8lded m Victoria, South Australia, and Quoens EBÍS ;°ÍÍ ""í ?mT>md in not ono of tbeso colonies would raen a thing bo tolerated for a moment. hJiSE«*3 ÏN,CoLi.iERiEs.-Sir James Martin nas introduced a Bill to make certain provisions relating to' i&íwT6 T «>moT». Tho main features of tho ha «.ni» no.duld unrw twolvo yoars shall bo employed értSZ 7* "»J« » pranlty of £100 ; that no person undor ö«" BbjlU,1") cnW«l moro than four hours c-in-, B ">U«ery, undor a similar penalty. * ? ' r .1 ROAD FROM SYDNEY TO PENNANT HILLS.-On ' Monday ovcning, n public meeting of tho inhabitants of the parishes of Willoughby and Gordon was hold in tho School of Arts, St. Leonards; tho object in viow being to consider the expediency of petitioning tho Government to bring a bill into Parliament to resumo tho control of tho mniii lond from Sydncv to Pennant Hills. Tho Mayor of St. Leonards, Mr. \V. Tunks, M.L.A., was unanimously .voted to tho clinir. There was a very largo attendance. The chairman opened tho proceedings by ronding tho advor tifement publicly notifying tho meoting. Ho hud not been very anxious to take a prominent part in tho matter, though ho had thought it | light to bring together tho pcoplo concorncd under tho pro scut embarrassing circumstances. Ho did not desiro, how oVcr, to pledge himself ,to any courso, or to signify his co- incidence with nnylino of policy that might bo mooted, I although ho hud consented to presido ovor tho mooting. Ho | deprecated tho prtictico of incorporating small uroas into municipalities, which was very disadvantageous to tho rate- payers. There was tho boiough of East St. Leonards, tho nica of which was not moro than two-thirds of a squaro milo, half of which wns waste land ; tho othor, no doubt, containing good and highly rated housos. Thero .was Bluo's Point, containing not moro than 200 ncrcs, and about a thousand people, tho income of which was equal to tho other, mundy, about £-100. St. Leonards contained an area of sonio square miles, and BIBO received an incoluo of «bout £400. North Willoughby only derived an incomo of about £260. Now, hero woro four Mayors, four Town Clerks, four sets of officers to bo provided for, and that run away with tho money. Tho ratepayers woro thus precluded from advantages which thoy would dorivo woro it not for the system of splitting up. Hero tlioro woro four tolls ?within four or tivo milos; and that,1 with tlio charge of forryngo, was enough to provent any communication with the metropolis. Now, a" meeting was convened to put Sicsfiiire upon tho Government to resumo the road; but ho id not think thoy vero acting quito fairly with tlio Government in the prêtent instnnco, after tho courso of action they had adopted, in tho first instance, by causing tho municipnlities to bo proolaimcd. Ho would do his best to advance the prosperity of tho wbolo neighbourhood ; but ho would not now pledge himself to any specific courso. Mr. H. C. D. Ffrr-iicli (tlio Mayor of North Willoughby) moved tho adoption of a petition to tho Legislative Assem- bly, praying tho Parliament to rosumo tho control of tho rond to Pennant Hills. Ho felt to a great extent tho diffi- culties pointed out by Mr. Tunks. No doubt much of tho complication had arisen from tlio multiplying of munici- palities; but very much depended upon tho action taken by tho meeting, how far their interests wcro affected. His own borough lind by far tito largest portion of tho road to main- tain. When tho municipality was incorporated tho burden of supporting tho main road had (as ho bolioved) boen overlooked; tho municipality had consequently for somo time neglected to attend to it, and it had fullon into a bad condition. Tho Government were then asked ?«bother tho borough would have to maintain this four miles of road ; and thoy replied in tho aflinnativo. Steps for that purpose therefore bud to bo tnkon. With rognrd to the ' petition, thoy had before them a very strong griovanco, and w oio in an exceptional position. (Cheers.) Thero was a ferry charging extreme rates, two toll-bars and a third in courso of erection ; and theso charges" almost precluded tho , pcrbons trading upon tho road with wood, fruit, &c;, from deriving any prout. Mr. W. H. M'Kcown seconded tlio ' adoption of the. potition. They had been brought togothor tlirough an act of oppression on tho part of tho municipality of East St. Leonard's. (Cheers.) Many poor men had to bring their load of wood fifteen miles ; and before thoy got to tho city had to pay two tolls and a forry. What profit could thoy dorivo fioro their sales ? This municipality (St. Leonards) only possessed half a milo of tho road, and their incomo was £200 or £300 per year ; an amount which ought to suffice for tho mnintcnaucc of the road. Tho main roads of tho colony only lind a grant of £50 per milo. Ho could undor tnko to keep that picco of road in repair for £50 per year. The object of theso gentlemen must bo to croct byo streets through tho municipality ; but, ho hoped thoro woro in that municipality gentlemen of wealth and independence who would not suffer such a thing to po done upon tho sweat 'and blood of tho poor innn. (Cheers.) Ho bolioved tho meeting would cry shnmo upun tlio Council of East St. Lconnrds ; and so, ho thought -would their own ratepayers. Tho resolution wns thon put, and carried unanimously, and with great acclnmntion. Mr. G. Macintosh moved tho next resolution,-" That W. Tunks, Esq., M.P., bo requested to tnko chnrgo of tlio petition, andmakoovery etlort in Parlinmcnt to secure a favourablo ahswor to its prayer." He did not desiro to condemn tho wbolo munici- pality of East St. Leonards, but ho believed that mon had crept into power in a basilisk manner, and had prepared n measure which would prove a scorpion's tail to whip thoir own backs with. . It was a gross injustice toliave to pay six- pence to go half a milo. Why should they submit to this mean, despicable, and tyrannical act-for it wns nothing elso f Why should thoy pay down thoir sixpences ? Tho municipality of Victoria, and the other neighbouring muni pnlities, might as well erect tollhouses. Ho had heard that Government would not liston to their petition, or bo moved by tho efforts of their member (Mr. Tunks) ; but for his part ho did not bclicvo it. Ho continued at sonio length nnd much fervency, and sat down amid protracted ap- plause. Mr. J. G. Edwards seconded tho resolution. Mr. H.H. Bligh then addressed tho meeting. Ho was inte- rested in thrco municipalities, and carno hero to miso his voico against what ho considered an act of injustice; though ho was sorry tlioro had not been moro latitudo in tlio subjects of discussion at the meeting. Ho thought it ought to hnvo been mndo clear what portion of tho road was referred to. In caso this potition did not meet with tho approval of tho Government, somo othor means ought to bo resorted to. Ono that ho suggested was, that Govern- ment should bo desired to throw tho municipalities (or at any rate thico of them) into ono ; by which means hundreds of pounds -w ould bo saved. Ho had. no faith in tho present petition, and considered that tho mooting should not have been tied to ono courso of action. Dr. Ward also addressed the meeting. Tho chairmnn put tho resolution, which was carried unanimously. A voto of thanks to-Mr. Tunks was then moved, seconded, and carried by acclamation. Mr. Tunks returned thanks. Ho would do his host with tho petition whatever tho result might bo. Ho cautioned them, nowover, that much adverso influence might bo brought to bear upon Government. At tho oloso of tho meoting tho petition was signed by thoso present. It was couched in tho following terms:-c'To the Honorable tho Speaker and members of tho Lcgislnlivo Assembly, &c.; Tho humblo petition of tho undersigned inhabitants of tho parishes of Willoughby and Gordon, respectfully showcth,-That sinco tho formation of tho four municipalities at tho North Shore of Sydney, the main road leading from Sydnoy | through the samo has boen placed in tho hands and undor tho control of said municipnlities. That two of tlio said municipalities have lovied toll on tho Baid main road (Willoughby and East St. Leonards, tho other two have also now er todo bo), ono of tho said municipalities, E.tst St. Leonarels, having only about half a milo of tho said rond under its jurisdiction, and from tho nott proceeds thoro will bo a revenuo of from £200 to £300 per annum. That in consequence of having to pay tho present tolls, coupled with,tho forry fare and tho small pnces that wood, fruit, and other produco now realizo in tho Sydnoy niarkot, tho woodmen and growers in tho district aro with difficulty nblo to mnintnin themselves and families. That sinco tlio rondhns been so placed under tho power of the munici- palities portion thereof has been kopt in a vory bad stato of îopair, and ÍB sometimes in an impnssablo state. That tho said road, if placed in tho hands or control of trustees, would, from tho incomo of one toll, soon yiold a sufficiency to maintain it in proper order and repair." Parliament waa therefore prayed to resume tho main road from Sydney tlirough all tho municipalities aforesaid, and to vest the samo in trustees. THE BISHOP OP ADELAIDE AND THE ANGLICAN I f CoNPEitEKCE.-At a special meeting of tho Synod of tho Anglican Church in tho dioceso of Adolnido, hold on tho 13th instant, tlio Right Rev. Dr. Short, Bishop of Adolnide, caused a documont to bo circulated, in which he stated : - " Authorized copies of tho constitution and determinations of tho General Synod having been forwarded to me, I navo summoned a special meoting of tho Standing Committee, to tako counsel with them as to tho most convoniont timo for bringing theso matters boforo our Diocesan Synod. It ÍB a fundamental provision of this first General Synod ' that no dotcrminntion of tho General Synod shall bo binding upon tho Church in any dioceso, unless and until such determina- tion , Bhsll bo accepted by tho Church in such dioceso.' Sucli accoptnnco waB required by tho respectivo Synodal Law» of Molbourno and Sydney, if tho determinations of tho General Synod were to navo legal force " in thoso dioceses. The samo right, therefore, was olaimed by tho otheij dioceses, and it will liavo to bo exercised either by tho ensuing annual Synod or by tho existing Synod specially summoned for tlio purpose." Aftor referring to 'general Church matters, and tho positisn of tlio Church of England in Adelaido previous to tho Sydnoy Conforcnco, and up to tho present timo, Dr. Short observed-" Nothing could bo moro pleasing and encouraging than tho brotherly kindness, as well as unison of mind and feeling, which manifested itsolf in this largo Conforcnco of ten Bishops and ßfty clerical and lay dele- gates. This is a subject for 'devout thankfulness to 1 Almighty God. Tho Church of tho ten Dioceses of Aus- tralia and Tasmania is «oio one in faith, discipline, worship, I usage, nnd ecclesiastical law. It has ita own Coinrattto9 of Appeals which enjoys the privilcgo of consulting cortain members of tho Privy Council to guide its judgment in doubtful cases." Tho constitution and determination wore I thai read, and a short address from the Bishop followed, when tho Very Rev. Doan Russoll moved,-" That tho con l stitution of tho General Synod adopted by tho Genorol Con- forcnco in Sydnoy on Wednesday, Octobor 23, 1872, bo accepted, and is hereby accepted by the Synod of tho Dioceso of Adelaide." Tho vote was taken by orders, and tho lesolution unanimously passed. Tho other 'resolutions accepted tho determinations, and tho meeting concluded by gassing a voto to tho effect,-" That tho membors of this ynod'dcsiro to congratulate tho Primate on tho accom- plishment of tho object ho has had so long at heart in tho formation of the General Synod, and on his having bocoino the first Primate of tho Church in Australia and Tas- mania. PARRAMATTA RACES.-AS will be seen by advertisement tho abovo races aro to como off on Tuosday next, instead of Monday. A special train will leave Sydney at-11'a.m., and having tho advantago of being held ona public holiday, tho mooting should bo a success. Tho \- general outry will close ut 8 this ovoning. Thouiiatidi of (»milles can testify that our Wheeler and Wilton'« sewing machines require no wliltcwashod Yankee blow : tbe superiority ot the workuunimip and material > make- them .unequalled, to,tho.world. , Circular« post free. .Tuamm and WOOD, lie, Oeorgo-etrcct.-ADT. "OUR CHRISTMAS BUDGET." - We have received a well got up and somowhat bulky volumo of 96 pages, bearing the above title. It contains a collection of tales and sketches in prose and verse. Tho first talc, " Ituobo zahl's Godchild- a Legend of the Giant Mountains,' is by Mr. Harold W. Stephen. It is a ghost story of tho German school, although both ghoste and mortals talk nmnzingly Uko English people. Tlio story, on tho wholo, will bo lound to ho very readable by grown-up poreons, nnd might bo appreciated by young pcoplo, for whom, it may ho presumed, it was chie/ly intended, if tho words were of not moro than two or throe syllables. To mnko it availablo for tho uso of young folks, it would be nocossnry to havo a version of tins younger brother of the " Jack and Ginnt Killer " family, written in loss stately English. "Good Advice," a ballad, and "Castlemaine Joe," a prose sketch of colonial life, aeo by Mr. Bunster. The ballad certainly does give some good advice; but it is a pity that that advice has not been conveyed through the medium of prose, in which Mr. Bunster seems to be more at home. We can hardly conceive what the writer wishes to convoy in the first two lines of the following verso; and, however true the statement as to the effect of tears - at its close, maybe \- it is neither poetical nor elegant to express that effect, as shown in the reddening of a lady's nose: "There's nothing in life worth the trouble Of griefs and regrets such as those That tears in bright eyes cause to bubble, And with red tinge the delicate nose." "Undo Gabriol's Legacy," by Mr. H. W. Stephen, de- scribes tho experiences and adventures of a " young man from tho country," who visits the metropolis of this colony during the Christmas season, relates how ho picked up a Sydney wife; and tolls how ho returned to the country with a legacy from his Undo Gabi Iel fully satisfied with tho results of his visit. Thero follow somo vory noat "tei-bcs-"Kuipnra Crock, a Christmas Rovoric," by Mr. F. S. Wilson, who is also tho writer of another agrcoablo poetical sketch-"In the Gloaming," to bo found further on. The next contribution is from the pon of Mr. Bunster. It bears the sensational title of "Blood for Blood," and the contents are quite as sanguinary as might be expected from the heading. " My Mato and Mo," by ' Mr. Thatcher, is tlio designation of a rather clever narrativo of tho speculations and fortunos of two gold diggers, which presents in a readable and pleas- ing form some of tho anomnlica connected with gold mining nt the present limo. ""Gentío Annio," by Mr. H. W. Stephen, is n story in which tho mannors of tho diggora of some years ngo in the neighbouring colony of Victoria, uro diseribed with a strong touch of humour, and which intro- duces enough of rough scntimentalism to provo attractivo to the class ol renders who do not caro to read anything that does not trent of lovo or lovers., Mr. Bunster furnishes some good lines as a poetical description of the scenery of the Parramatta River; and the same writer concludes the volume with "Annette," a tale which appears to have been written with considerable care, and of which the scene has been fixed in France. Besides some smartly drawn initial letters, the book is decorated with some fifteen well designed and executed illustrations by Mrs. G. M. Stephen, and Messrs. M. Scott, H. Wise, H. Brees, and G. M. Stephen. The volume is published by Mr. John Ferguson, of George street. TnE AKT ALMANAC.-Messrs. S. T. Leigh and Co. have issued a vory beautiful almanac, designed, 03 much with tho view of showing to what perteotion tho litho- graphic art has attained m Syditoy as to record tho days «nd months of the year, with tho usuul chronicle to bo found in such publications. Tho almanac is beautifully tinted, and around tho calendar aro representative figures. Tho top is surmounted by a > group-Poaco and her Victories-with Art on oither sido, ono with a pallet, tho other n -crayon pencil, the figures aro well drawn and graceful. At tho bottom the centre figuro is that of a painter at his easel with an infant sculptor on ono sido, and two cherub architects on the other. This almanac is ono of the most creditable we havo yet noticed. THE DEATH OF MB. HIPGRAVE.-In yester- day's Herald a paragraph was copied from the Armidale Chronicle, stating that Mr. Hipgravo hod died from taking strychnine in mistako for quinine According to tho ovi denco taken at tho inquest, held on Thursday, tho medical evidence given after a post-mortom examination failed to show tho causo of death, though it wa« thought to he con- gestion of tho lungs. INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF, DUMB, . AND BLIND. A meeting was hold on Thursday ovoning last, at the School of Arts, West Maitland, to advocate tho claims of the abovo institution to the support of tho inhabitants. The Mayor (Mr; W. II. Mullen) presided-. Mr. Ellis Robinson, tho secretary of tho Deaf, Dumb, and Blind Asylum, addressed tho meeting at somo length, and' stated that there was still a dobt of £1000 on tho building, which, howover, the Government had promised to liquidate, but additions were still necessary, and they would involve tho expenditure of some £200 or £300. Tho committee also required money to complete tho building itsolf, and whon finished ho asserted that tlio accommodation would bo suffi- cient' for everj- deaf, dumb, nnd blind child in tho colony. Mr. Robinson also pointed out that it was tho duty of the collector, when going his -rounds, to find out any children so afflicted, and induco thoir parents to send them to tho institution. Mr. Watson, a toucher of tho deaf ' nnd dumb, said that varied opinious oxisted as to tho capacity of such children, but if their minds were loft dor- mant, tho children wore singularly ignorant, and possessed no nqtion whntever of abstract ideas. Ho could givo many illustrations to show tho unformed state of tho nund. Tho process of teaching involved a great deal of patient labour ; for the first three years tho pupil was engaged in adding to 'his words, in fact, in learning tho lnngungo of a baby. Three little girls and a boy wore exnnuncd, and the rapidity with which thoy wrote, and the general correctness of thoir answers, plonsed tho spectators present. Mr. Robinson then read compositions written by some of the blind and deaf and dumb pupils of tho institu- tion. Tho Rev. Mr. Thackeray proposed a resolution to tho following effect:-" That thiB-meeting having wit- nessed the abilities displayed by tho pupils now present of tho New South Wales Institution for tho Deaf and Dumb nnd the Blind, aro hereby highly gratified and pleased with the'samo, nnd pledgo themselves to Bupport this institution by their contributions and inllucnco." It was seconded by Mr. Steadman, and carried. A voto of thanks concluded the meeting.-Abridged from Maitland Mercury. THE ADVENTURES OF A LETTER.-The strange adventures of a letter aro described by tho Tarrengower Times.-It was posted in Molbourno, and plainly addressed to " Mr. F. Cox, Hospital Hill, Maldon." Tho letter was posted on tho 14th Juno, 1872, and boro in tho orthodox corner n twopennv stamp. In duo courso tho said lottor would reach the M"aldou post-ofilco the following morning, but into destined otherwise. Anxious inquirios wera mado about the time nbovo mentioned as to what became of the letter but without the lenst satisfactory result, nnd long since'nll hopo of hearing of tho missing missivo had fled, when, on the morning of the 2Gth Decombor, just six months nnd a fortnight after being posted, it turned up in a manner least expected. The letter had been opened and returned to . tho -writer, endorsed " Gono astray." Wo should thing it had, by the numerous marks, initials, ob- literations, and defaclngs the envelope had undergono in tho meantime. It is proper to stato at onco that (hero is no blamo attached to the Maldon post-office, as the lotter very evidently novor reached Maldon, until last Thursday, when it was handed in tlio opon stato into tho hands of Mr. Cox by.tho party who originally posted it. By means of tho various postmarks, wo traco tho curious ramblo of tho letter. Tho earliest mark ÍB Livorpool, August 21 ; from there it is sent to London-mark August 22-from thenco to Mnldon, Essex, August 22; returned to London, with ' Insufficient address ' -written thereon. From London it goes to Maldon, August 25, and roturnB to Lon- don August 26, with ' No such nnmo and place at Maldon.' About this period somebody evidently discovers something, nnd writes ' foreign Btnnip,' and defaces tho envolopo ' 2d. On August 27 it is stamped ' London,' returned ' Lit BIT, try Melbourne,' and arrives por last mail, is sont to tho Dead Letter Office, opened, and returned to tho writer, and not forwarded to Maldon, although tho address is plain enough for nnyono to read. But, strangor than all, the only part not defaced is tlio 2d. adhesivo stamp affixed." How THE WANDERING HEIR WAS INTRODUCED TO HIS FATHER.-" Why, sir," said Mrs. Betty, seizing this opportunity. " 'tis a young gentleman that hath travelled an hundred miles to seo my lord, and my lord's valet denied him, being stained with travel: but'twas ill done, and him of kin to my lord." " Of kin to my lord ! Nay, then, Mistress Betty, ho is wclcomo to all hero." Botry, who had her cuo from tho English cook, and who was already interested in the fair sorrowful young faco and golden hair,,made no moro ado, but led James into tho room by the hand. Tho numerous lights in tho cnndolabra dazzled him at first, and the fino clothes and porukes awod ?him ;~ho hid against Botty's capacious apron, that descended from waist to ancle. Then ho peered, and saw Lord Altham standing up, looking half pleased, half vexed : ho gave a loud cry, as if his heart was flying out of his body, stretched out his arms, and flow to' him. " Oh fathor J father ! ' ' The sorrow he had endured, the joy and infinitó trust that swallowed all sorrow up at sight of his father, both spoke in that one wild cry ; it thrillta ; it startled ; it sent Mrs. Botty's apron to hex eyes in a momont and pierced the heart even of this silly brutal lord. " My hoy! my sweet Jemmy 1" ho cried, and sat down, and folded him in his arms, and kissed him tenderly, with a lnawkUh tear or two. Tho guests then- stood up respectfully, and drank wolcomo to tho young gentleman. " " Not forgetting Mrs. Betty, that brought him to us," said tho chaplain, " Father," said Jemmy, " they UBcd mo vory cruol at that school ; bad luck to it. Thoy wera alwayB bating mo, ana the master would not riso a hand for mo, boknso you Bent him no money for my Bchoolin'. ''Why didn't you send him his money? " This, which wottld havo mado a Sasso nnch father blush, did hut divert my lord and his company. " I kept it for yourself, Jemmy," said ho. " My lord is a .great saver, sir. Long life to him," .saiá another. " Father avick. docB my mother live hore?" said Jemmy. Now] this question mado tlio company very unconiforlablo. It quito staggered Lord Altham for a minute. But ho burst out furiously, "Thou hast no mothor." "Nay, fnlher; then what bath becomo of fho gentlewoman that I had red shoes, two pair, mado fir mo in Ross; and tho * likely ;woman that brought mo woollen hose sho had made for mc herself, and called, me her childi"' Then, seoing my lend silent, and much disturbed, ho bethought himsolf, . nnd said,." Well, if my mothers aro both dead, I must lovo thee; all tho moro." Betty, whorlwan watching Lard Altham's face very keonly- all, tho time, now stepped "forward and took James away.-Tho now Talo in tha Sydney Mail. 