THE EAGLE'S EYRIE. The most simple stories are not always the least, dramatic. Probably there are no persons who could furnish better evidence of the truthfulness of this assertion than the hardy peasants one meets in the Alps. The steady eye, the firm foot- hold, and the knowledge of the weather and mountain passes, have not been the possessions these men hare acquired by years, of exposure, for their hairbredth escapes alone constitute a rich fund of story. It is from that fund—drawn by a strong and ruddy-cheeked fellow, whose blanched hair, we are told, contrasts strangely with an appearance still youthful in other respects that we borrow the following tale:— It is perhaps, twenty-five years ago that I lived yonder in the Tyrol with my relations. I was then a vigorous, powerful man, for whom there was no greater pleasure than to climb up the mountains with my rifle on my back, No chamois track was too steep then— no eagle's nest, too high .My two cousins, likewise strong, nimble lads, shared with me the passion for the chase. When a chamois had been tracked or an eagle's nest discovered, we three cousins were sure to be not far off. All the valley knew this, too, and brought us word when anything appeared. One day a shepherd boy informed us that on the ledge of a precipice there was lodged an eagle's nest, in which, as far he could determine, two young eaglets were fluttering. The precipice led into the depts (sic) of frightful abyss, and the ledge was only to be reached from above by decending on a rope. The danger of the pursuit, when such a noble booty was at stake, could not deter us from attempting the hazardous enterprise, and I even promised to take the nest myself. The next morning we proceeded, well loaded with strong ropes, up to the mountains. I had provided myself with an Alpine staff, whose iron point was of a usual length, and might serve me as a powerful weapon of defence, in case of necessity. Besides this, I wore my great chamois knife in my belt. Arrived at the summit of the rock, lay down, with half my body over the precipice, and gazed down into the depths to discover the ledges. It was a terrible sight. However sharp my eye was otherwise, it did not reach the bottom of the abyss that stared at me only like a chaos. The ledge with the eagle's nest was easily found, and lay about seventy or eighty feet below the summit on which we stood. There were nestling, as the lad had seen quite rightly, two young eaglets, in their knotty, hard bed of twigs, the older possessors of which, the male and female, in all probability had flown away in search of food. Since it was still early in the morning we might expect that they would not return soon, and determined to set to work at once. My two cousins now put one end of the rope around the thick stump of a tree that stood upon the summit of the precipice, while at the other end was fastened a firm, wooden cross-piece, by the middle, and in such away that I could see it as a seat in the dangerous descent. Besides this, I would about my body a short rope, which however, was fastened to the longer one, so that I should not be embarrassed in ascending and descending. This was a measure of precaution, in case I should slide from the crosspiece. When everything was in readiness I lay cautiously down upon the rocks, with my feet toward the precipice, and extended upon hellv, bushed myself slowly with ray both hands from the verge, and hung over the abyss, whose terrible depth I now overlooked. It was the first time that I had ever attempted such an exploit; and it is a peculiar feeling to hover thus in the air, high alcft, on a slender rope, that may break or slip off any moment, and under you a black, ugly chasm, whose immeasurable depth yawns awfuily upward. Had not the pleasure of the case thrilled all my members, and the fear of my cousin's ridicule restrained me, I should almost have begged fo be drawn up again. I did not, however, and only asked for my hat and staff, and slowly sank into the abyss. You will spare the description of this descent—it is not associated with the most agreeable reminiscences of my hunting life. Suffice to say that, after a journey through the air of about five minute, I arrived at the ledge, beside which to my great joy, I descried a smaller ledge, upon whose surface I could find foothold. When the young still almost unfledged brood perceived me, they opened their bills wide and lifted their featherless wings as if they would fly away. W ithout pay ing Further attention to them, I clenched a <|left of the rock, planted my foot upon the ledge, and stood now, freely breathing an successful, on my feet again, knowing that "terra firma" was under me. Silently, and with the least possible noise, 1 made my preparations. The sidepockets of my coat were so large that a eagle had ample room in each of them. Not to be hindered in taking from the nest, I made a signal to my cousins above to slacken the rope, and was just upon the point of stretching out my arm and seizing one of the eagles, when a peculiar cry sounded shrilly in my ears. In the midst of a rustling, that sounded like the flapping of wings, rang forth a shrill, half-piping, half-plaintive sound, that every moment approached nearer, and finally changed to a cry of anguish. Turning my head in the direction of the noise, I perceived an eagle larger than any I had ever seen. With all the impetus his headlong flight, and with eyes flash- ing rage, he was rushing upon me, the robber of his children. I knew that I was lost if I did not succeed in enfeebling the onset or laming his wings. In a trice I had seized the rope again with my left hand; with my right I grasped with nervous force the lower part of my staff, drove the ice spurs of iriy left foot as deeply as possible into the weatheijbeaten rock of the ledge to gain a support, and at the very moment that the -eagle shrieking and flapping his wings, plunged down upon me, 1 gave such a violent thrust at his breast that the iron buried itself deep in its flesh, and severely wounded, he beat his wings together. His power of flight I saw was weakened, but at the same instant, through the violence of the attack, I too, lost my equilibrium, my feet stumbled, and I staggered backward into the abyss! The blood froze in my veins, but I did not loss consciousness for a moment In the midst of my fall I seized with both hands the rope. I felt the stick at the other end of the rope, and upon which I sat, break under me, through the sudden plunge and the weight of my body, and that I was only connected still with the upper world by the second small rope that was wound about my body. " Draw in ! draw in !" rang my clear cry to my cousins above, who answered my signal, and the rope was at once drawn in. 1 hovered upward. The severely wounded eagle, as I could observe, was striving to cling with his claws to the rocky ledge and reach his nest. I was in my youth one of the first wrestlers, and my arms and muscles were of such strength that they could be measured against the best in all the mountains. But I was, and am, also what is called a " man of corpulence,' and soon perceived that smail rope in the ascent of eighty f< <. i cou'd not ;•.!- one bear my heavy body. >•< eesssiri y my arms must lend assistance if I would reach the summit. I did what was in my power, and clenched with both hands the large rope ; but I had not calcu'jitcd that, through the weight of my bodv, theapcnt must proceed butslowiy. Longingly I directed my glances above. Repeatedly I cried to my cousins ; " Draw in—draw in !" They answered encouragingly. but the ascent, however, was not on this account quicker ; the muscles o my arms were strained to their utmost, and my strength wasfaiiingmoreandmore. Suddenly I felt that a cold, clammy sweat was covering me. As I looked lovingly toward the top, I observed—:;n icy chill even now runs through me —that, under the weight of my body, the knot of the small rope was slow I v unloosening from the larger, and with every second the moment drew nearer when I must, rely solely upon the already failing strength of my arms. I shall never in my life forget that morneut. With every pull from above the knot lengthened, the plunge into the abyss was nearer. 4 Once more," I cried, in the deepest anguish of my soul, to mv cousins; closer and more convulsively my hands grasped the rope; then I closed my eyes—commending my soul to God. The Lord in heaven helped. " Seppel !" a voice cried, on a sudden, near me, and a hand seized my hair, and drew me towards it. " Seppel, for God's sake, what has happened to you ? Where is your hat—your staff? I opened my eyes. My two cousins were kneeling upon the precipice and drawing in the rope to bring me to terra finna. I had beeii nearer the top than I had supposed. The knot, although already half loosed, had continued to hold and bear its burden to the last. Perhaps two minutes later the end would have slipped and sent me into the abyss. When I reached the. summit, of the rock I sank to the earth in a swoon. How long I lay thus i know not; but when a few days afterwards I awoke again in the house of my relations, and learned that I had had a high fever and been delirious, my eldest cousin, smiling, held a glass before me. My hair was snow-white ! " Sweet are The Uses of Advertisements."—" Lately, in Auburn, lovelies village of the plain, a man lost a package of money. He was a sensible man and at once put an advetisment in the paper. In the morning, he found the money in his boot." A Tale of Terror.—A tale of incredible horror reaches the "New York Herald from Illinois. It is well, that journal says, for the journalistic mind that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such inky and unmitigated gloom The time was August, theskies were fair, when seated in a railway car, bright, blooming, bashful, and beautiful a young bridal pair went forth from Peoria. The husband of an hour was all pride and tenderness ; but the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow train moved from the station, the fair young being incau- tiously put her head out of the window, perchance to scent the morning breeze, like Hamlet's father's ghost; perchance to wave a last farewell to the weeping friends of her childhood. Too, too fatal moment! A telegraph pole did not de- capitate her ; ah no ! That were jov com- pared to —— Hastily bringing her head within the car, she buried an ag- onised face in her hands. The terfied (sic) bridegroom is said to have instantly ex- pressed himself, with great presence of mind in this touching and memorable language— 'What is it darling? What frightened it, dear ? Tell its own habby? What makee it cry ?" What, indeed, O vicious Fate ! She had dropped a lovely and expensive set of teeth out of the windows. She never smiled again until she had visited a dentist. 