THEATRE ROYAL. Tae entertainment provided at this place of amusement on Saturday nieht was the comedy of ' Divorce,' which is Baid to have attracted a good deal of attention in New York when first pro juubu Luuru. xuu piay is meant u- ut- a saureupuu the effect of the laws of divorce and separation which are on the Statute-book of the United States, and in a country where divorce is noto riously common doubtless the play would bave a very marked reception. This is not, however, to be expected here. The comedy drags; very much in the first and second acts, and seems to have many more characters in it than jare absolutely requisite for the develop ment of the plan. It is, however, on the whole well worked out, ami contains some characters far above the average. The first act opens at the city residence of Mrs. Templeton— a lady of society— who manages to get rid of one daughter (Lu) to the old and wealthy Mr. De Witt, and another (Fannie) to Mr. Alfred Trevalyan. The acts closes with the acceptance by the younger ef the hand of Trevalyan. The second act reveals the mansion of Trevalyan after his wife and he have returned from a tour. They have been visited by a friend of Mrs. Templeton's family, a certain Captain Osborne, who places himself rather too much in the way of Mrs. Trevalyan, and thus rouses the jealousy of her husband, who directs her to shun the new comer's society. This she does not do, consider ing she should be above suspicion. Mr. and Mrs. De Witt appear to be residing here also for a time, and owing to some idea of Mrs. De Witt's she seeks a divorce from her husband by the shortest mode known, and with that intent holds a consultation with Mr. Templeton Pitt, a New York lawyer, and a detective. The act closes with the forced departure of Captain Osborne, and the consequent offer of Mrs. Tre valyan and her mother to leave the house, which was accepted by Trevalyan. In act third the divorce cause of Mrs. De Witt proceeds, while the lawyer and the detective do a little business on their own account at the same time in the affairs of Mrs. Trevalyan, who with her boy resides at her mother's country-house. Captain Osborne is there, and by her mother's command Mrs. Trevalyan treats him with more consideration than she might otherwise do. At the close of the act Mrs. Kemp, who with her husband has got through the world in good old-fashioned style, without any desire for divorcement, per* suades Mrs. Trevalyan to go with her and make up the quarrel with Mr. Trevalyan. She is just upon the point of starting off when Mr. Trevalyan appears with the detective and carries off his child. The fourth act takes the story so far as to show Mrs. and Mr. Trevalyan upon the point of settling their difference, when by the action of Mrs, Templeton lie is arrested as a lunatic, and his child is taken from him. In Act 5 Mr. and Mrs. De Witt decide upon living in peace, and dismissing the lawyer and the de* tective; and Mrs. Trevalyan and her husband now freed from the Asylum, are caused to diop their misunderstandings by the sudden appear* ance of their child. This is the denaunc ment. Miss Evans played Fannie Tem pleton. It is a part which does net make very large demands upon its interpreter, but what there was in it was well brought out. Mr. Alfred Trevalyan, a rich man of business or planter, was depicted by Me Holloway, who gave a very good rendering of the part. Miss Rosa Cooper made up very well as Mrs. Temple ton, but did net seem to throw quite enough of the woman of the world into her performance. Mr. and Mrs. De Witt found very good represen tatives in Mr. Milne and Mrs. R. Roberts, as did tne oia couple, sax, ana juts, ivemp, in inr. ana Mrs. Ray. The Rev. Hy. Duncan, a personage who appears as a make-weight in the comedy, was an embodiment entrusted to Mr. Gladstone; and Miss Grace, Mrs. Templeton's niece, who marries him, was in the hands of Miss Kate Arden. Miss Sutherland appeared as Alfred Trevalyan's child, and as usual performed her part in a very satisfactory manner. Mr. Claremont had a good deal of business in the performance of Templeton Pitt, who is a transatlantic Mark Meddle. As the conven tional stage lawyer his make-up was good, and he showed considerable ability in the display of the peculiarities of the gentleman in question. Mr. E. B. Russell was the interpreter of the character of the detective, and succeeded in making it amusing. A character upon which the failure or success of the comedy very much depended— namelj, that of Captain Osborne— was given to Mr. Woolfe; and, making all possible allowances, we cannot complimentthatgeotleman on his success. Captain Osborne, we imagine, should be made a dashing bachelor, with a reputation for fast living, who cares not how much misery or dissension he causes by hia ai tentions, which he is equally -willia? to lavish, upon maidens or wives. He should exhibit tfe* easy effrontery which makes his society oa the one hand tolerable, and on the other deteakabte. But Mr. Wooif only walked through the part like a man who would accompany the sayings of Captain Hawksley with the stage demeanour of the ghost in ' Hamlet,' and most have giTsn playgoers the notion that in America society is set by the ears by very harmless individuals. The scenery was exceedingly good, and it was evident that great care had been taken to render the piece satisfactorily. To-night tho comedy will be repeated. Richards. —The new programme of the Rickards' Troupe drew a splendid audience at White's Room on Saturday evening. After the overture Mr. Balhm led off with 'Thou art so near.' It was quite clear from this and the other songs sung by Mr. Hallam that he wag not in good voice. He appeared to be labouring under the influence of a cold, and by bo means- did himself justice. Nevertheless the songs were given in a manner deserving' t6» loud applause be&towed; upon them- ; and in the duet ' 0 Maritaoa' Mr. Hallam achieved with Mrs. Fox a great success ; though the effect would have been better had he appeared to recognise the faot irhile Mrs. Fc* was singinjj that his Maritana was supposed tobe addressing: trim, instead o? riveting his looks so fixedly upon the audience. Mrs. Fox, besides taking part in the above duet; soag ' Ernani Involami, '?Merry is the Greenwood,' 'Only forthee,' md ' Home, sweet Home/* in splendid style, ind was rewarded wife voerferous ' encores,' to- which she bowed her acknowledgments. The 5rst half of the programme- embraced four con' sributionsby Rickards, and an 'entertainment- jomiqae' by him and Carrie Rickards entitled !t Dreadfully Shy.' This piece though diverting, ras somewhat tame, and the greatest laughter luring its performance was- created by an im promptu joke. A child in the back seats happen ng to send forth a shrill squeal the circumstance ' was at once take advantage of by the ready witted Harry Rickards, wW impressed it into ihe entertainment by saying w See what you'vo jone now, Cissy,' and evoked a roar of laughter.. 11 General Jinks of the Fallbacks Blue' fully justified his nickname, of 'Bullabalo®;' and ' Billy Bell' by whom he was succeeded was* i correct impersonation of a London coster monger. Whatever may have been the effect sf the first part of the programme, the success attendant upon the second was unequivocal. ' On the Parade' was a new development of 3wellism,t and this was succeeded with a Marvellous rapidity of change by ' The Blighted Sardener.' The air in this song is exceedingly pretty, and the spoken parts are admirably ;omic. In it *'* Rickards' himself again' as he aimself says in an extraordinary adaptation from ' Richard III.' Altogether the song is a worthy successor to 'Brown the Tragedian.' kt its finish Mr. Rickards was recalled three limes, and only evaded the persistent demands for repetition by adroitly complaining that he Bras being laughed at. A little farce entitled ' Cupboard Lovb' is the best thing of the kind pet presented. In it Miss Carrie Rickards shows to great advantage as an artistic imper sonator, performing her part as Sarah, a cook, receiving the addresses of Policemau Mr. Robert Pell with spirit and finish. Entebtainment. — On Thursday evening, May L the quarterly soiree of the ' Havelock Crew' was held at the Gouger-street Academy. There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. Lloyd pre sided. Musical selections were given by the MiEses Newman and Mr. and Miss Watkins. The dramatic portion of the programme was undertaken by various members, and Messrs, M. Bunnan, jun., and- G. Badger received encores. St. Augustine's Chubch, Unlbt. — On Sunday, May 4, the ceremony of consecrating St. Augustine's Episcopal Church, Unley, was performed by the Lord Bishop oi Adelaide, The Church, of which the foundation- stone was hud by the late Lady Edith Fergusson, was opened for worship on February 20, 1870, when it was in an unfinished state. Since then the building has been completed internally and tastefullyvvfitted up. The present erection is intended as the nave of a larger edifice, of which, the chancel' will be built when the needs of the neighbourhood render it desirable. The dimen sions are about 45 feet by 22 feet, and there is accommodation for 130 or 140 people. The church was designed by Mr. R. G. Thomas, and carried out under the superintendence of the Hon. T. English. It is Gothic in style, and has a very pretty appearance, the only blemish being the bell-turret put up independently of the original design. There is a temporary vestry at the back, which will have to give place to the chancel when erected. Service is, as a rule, held in the morning and afternoon, a lay reader officiating in the morning, and the Revs. H. Read, M.A., and W. H. Mudie alternately con ducting worship in the afternoon. On Sunday morning there was a large attendance to witness the consecration. The Bishop having entered the Church from the vestry, accom panied by the Rev. W. H. Mudie, the Churchwardens, Messrs. R. G. Thomas and G. Styles, advanced to the altar railing, and presented to His Lordship a certificate certifying that the property had been pro perly conveyed, that it contained all that was necessary for carrying on Divine worship, and ask ing him therefore to consecrate the Church. The special form used in the consecration of churches was combined with the ordinary morning ser vice, and the Bishop then declared the Church duly consecrated. The Psalms chanted were the 84th, 122nd, andl32nd, and the Lessons were taken from 1 Kings viii. 22-62, and Heb. x. 19-25. The Bishop preahed a sermon appropriate to the occasion from 1 Kings viii. 27, ' But will God indeed dwell on the earth ! Behold the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain Thee ; how much less this house that I have builded !' In the afternoon twelve persons were confirmed by the Lord Bishop, and in the evening the Rev. James Pollitt, of St. Luke's, Adelaide, preached. The South-Eastern District.— The Border Watch, writing apparently with authority, speaks thus of Mr. Riddoch's resignation :-— ' Mr. Riddoch assigns as his reason for the course he has taken the difficulty he experienced last session in getting anything like justice to the settled portion of the district. Ho is now satisfied that with the House as at present con stituted every effort of himself and Mr. Der rington to get fair play for their constituents will be futile. The Assembly is presided over by a partisan Speaker, who has a large party in the House ready to do his biddipg, and this party has worked and will work determinedly against them. Mr. Riddoch, therefore, after much anxious thought, has come to the conclu sion that it would be a waste of time, entailing: also much expense and vexation of spirit, to attend the House again. Mr. Derrington, wo believe, entertains similar views.' In another paragraph the same paper says : — ' It ia pro bable Mr. perrington's resignation ?'will follow, as he has signified to Mr. Riddoch his opinion that this was the best course for both of them to pursue. A former member for the South East, Mr. Laurie, offers himself to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Riddoch's resignation,' 