AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. TFroin the Printinn Times. February 1.1 Messrs. Strahan & Co. have just completed their handsome library editions of Alfred Tennyson's works. The two closing volumes, the fifth and sixth, contain the nerfect Arthurian Epos, on which the poet has laboured so long, and with such lingering devotion. Here at last we have a consistent and definite arrangement of the many Idylls of the King, beginning with ihe 'Coming of Arthur'— attributing to the latest published of all, 'Gareth and Lynette,': the first place among the legends of the Round Table— and closing, after the passionate poem in which Guinevere's sorrow and repentance are pourtrayed, with the first, and in some respects the best, of ail the Idylhi, 'The Passing of Arthur,' first published a generation ago. Everyone must remember the impressive and high toned dedication to the ' Idylls' which the Laureate penned after the death of the Prince Consort— the ' noble Father of our Kings to be;' aud it will seem to most as natural that the splendid British Epic thus inaugurated should close with an address 'To the Queen,' contrasting in some striking respects with that which Tennyson wrote on his appointment to the Laureateship. The whole British people will gladly read those bold and energetic verses, which show that the Laureate is far from being indifferent fc- the questions that agitate our tune:— ; To the Queen. O Loyal to the royal in thyrelf, *; And loyal to thy land, a? this to thee— ; Bear witness, that rememberable day When, pale as yet, and fever- worn, the Prince, Who scarce had pluck'd his flickering life agam From halfway down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro' tby people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' aU . * Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man And welcome! witness, too, the silent cry, ? . The prayer of many a race and creed and clime— Thunderless lightning striking under sea ' \ From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard ' A strain to shame us ' Keep you to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly ! Friends— your love Is but a burthen ; loose the bond and go.' Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice . And meaning, whom tha roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven f ; What shock has fool'd her since, that she should speak So feebly ? wealthier — wealthier — hour by hour!' The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate Lsle half lost among her seas? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince ! the loyal to their crowa Are loyal to tbeir own far sons, who love Our ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one kle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness ; if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n. But thou, my Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' tby living lore For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept tbis old imperfect tale, New- old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Bather tban that Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from moun tain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Mallcor's, one Touch'd by tbe adulterous finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements; take witbal Thy pcet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine aud ours ; for some are scared who mark, Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, Aad wordy trucklings to tho tauwieut hour, aad fierce or careless looseners of the faith, ? I And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, ? Or Cowardice, the cbUd of lust for gold, Or labour, with a groan and not a voice. Or Art with poisonous horey fitol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows cot, ruling that which knows To its own harm ; the goal of tbis great world Lies beyond sight; yet, if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common-sense^ That caved her many times, not fail — their feara Are morning shadows huger tban the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego lhe darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. 