T HE BANK of England forgery case has fur nished us with at least one “modern” instance of some value. We have often contended, in the interests both of society and criminals, for the application of a more vigorous aud equit able system of punishment for crime. Con vinced from aualogies. many that such a thing is a law in nature, and equally impressed with the conviction that the medicine we prescribed was essential to the health of the criminal and to the safety of honest people, we have urged and re-nrged the subject until afraid of tedium. Still, we know that nothing valuable is ever secured in public affairs -without incessant agi tation, and so we lose no practicable opportu nity to keep alive a subject of so much inte rest. The proposition we have made, that crime must be made to pay its own expenses, is, we are glad to say, recognised and reduced to practice already in England. The forgers who plundered the Bank of England so largely have not only been sentenced to penal servi tude for life, but ordered to pay “ the costs and expenses” of the prosecution. One report of the trial says “ the four men literally shrank” as they heard the sentence. And well they may. We agree with the money order, but hot with the life imprisonment. The latter seenis to'us to be excessive, and suited by its extreme rigor to weaken the effect of the whole proceedings; But we are drawn to the subject by the novel and valuable element in the sentence, whereby the felons are made to pay back so much) of their plunder, as will defray the expenses of the prosecution. Beyond this, however, as our readers are aware, we hold that the principle of money sentences should go in criminal law. As we have often urged, the sentence should be an assessment of the damages done by the crime, and should declare for the working out the debt to the uttermost farthing. As forgers, burglars, larceuers, and other felons of that sort commit crime because they like it better than honest work for honest bread, they need to be taught that the policy is a bad one, and the only way to do that is by subjecting them to uuescapable work aud deprivation of liberty until the money damages they have done in their laziness and dishonesty be paid off by the results of work done in the time of imprisonment. In the Bank of England for gery case the forgers were made to pay the costs of the prosecution, but nothing is said about the prisoners being made to recoup the victims of their forgeries. Now,) had the judge, instead of sentencing the forgers to imprisonment for life, adjudged the repayment of all unrecovered proceeds of the forgeries, the award would have been both more just and more impressive. It would have told the forgers and all the world that there was a chance of ultimate release, but only on condi tion of repayment, and that not by raising money by loan, or realisation of property, but by work, medicinal labor—labor, every hour’s length of which should be a lesson on the intrinsic worth of honest industry as contrasted with the dirty and uncertain gains of fraud or violence. The inculcation of this momentous moral in penal discipline would be just that mixture of justice aud mercy which is required for both the felon and the society which he has attacked, and which he is so much encou raged by our present mistakes in discipline to continue to attack. Sir Wilberforce Stephen aud other lawyers have projected some large and valuable law reforms, but tbe reforms will be incomplete if they do not include the amendments we have contended for in connec tion with the punishment of crime. The Wardill, Goodwin, and other frauds of that sort have led in Victoria to much expen diture of words of admonition to “ bankers, merchants, and others,” as to the way in which their books should be kept and their servants checked. Whether or not those who have been thus admonished will secure real audits and take rational precautions in other respects is quite beyond our power to divine. The chances are that here and there, at any rate for a time, greater care will be exercised, if no really exhaustive system of audit aud check be constructed and constantly applied. But if colonial houses of business have not had suffi cient warning in the plunders done upon their own coffers, they will do well to “ mark, learn, and inwardly digest” one of the.morals of the late Bank of England forgery cases. How that gigantic series of frauds was conceived and how it was carried out show just that kind of simple incompleteness in business management which at first strikes the beholder with surprise because of its obvious want of common-sense. The prisoner Macdonnell, in his address before the verdict, said:— In America, when bills, are presented at a bank for discount—when acceptances are presented—it is the custom to send the acceptances round to the persons accepting, to be what is technically called initialed, in order that their validity and genuineness may be cer tided. I found that was not the cose here; and the result of that discovery is that 1 am . standing before you to-day. _ Wp-r-caunofc put the whole case better than in * the'"tersely epigrammatic way in which the forger thus, phrases the initialithought and the causal and resultant circumstances. Common sense would have said in a moment, if ignorant of the actual practice, that what. Macdonnell says is done in America was also , done in England,.for the precaution; ; is so obvious in its necessity that anything’- else would seem impossible -with business-men carrying heads upon their shoulders. But the precaution was not-'a system,' the 'American forgers noted the fact and went to work accordingly! ' Of course it js not .pretended that forgeries.had not been contemplated- apart. from the discovery made by these’forgers relative to - the mode" of doing business in England, but the loose system is set down aS the stimulus to the large plunders attempted, and, for a time, so successfully. Macdonnell says, with reference to some prior frauds:— ' i When the first bills were sent into the bank, the intention only was to recoup the loss on the money transactions, and then clear out. • But when the facility with which they wore received and discounted was considered, it was determined to carry the thing farther. £ , i s v' } i' i . •’ "■ ? ” This is'-£ precisely the experience and precisely .thg the: iVictorian • 3 defaulters! They found it was easy to plunder, and they went on beguiled by the very facilities afforded for, (Crime. - If Wardill’s ghost could appear before the Sugar Company to-day he might use the epigrammatic language of the forger Macdonnell, and say the facts of the business management with which he was connected had for result the hauling of his bloated and putrescent body out of the muddy depths of the river Yarra. It is in such lurid lights as these, in such glimpses, keen with sharpest edge of tragedy, that wo see the moral wrong of wrong ways of doing business. If the Sugar Company which Wardill plundered had done its business per fectly, the chances are that Wardill would bo still an honored man, and girding up his loins to meet the coming English cricketers in friendly strife. Instead of that he murdered himself, as a sequence to the murder of his reputation, and a dishonored name and many tragic sorrows are all he has left behind. The same argument ’applies to all such cases. Me Gaxtnt’s deliverances upon the • late sly grog cases has led to some discussion, and Ms delivery upon the M'Phail family affair deserves discussion. As to the sly-grog cases we may dispose of the magistrate’s 'strictures very briefly. It would not be safe to rely on one informer’s evidence, so we hold that Mr Gaunt did the right .tMng in rejecting such testimony. As to the remedy for sly-grog selling, the difficulty is somewhat pressing. We know of one offender in Ballarat who boasts of having carried on the business for twenty years, and declares that the business will be continued in spite of all intermittent checks. Whether con stables and revenue-officers are always them selves free from winking at violations of the law we do not know, we only know that the law is violated every day under the noses of both sorts of officers. Well-known grog shanties flourish in many places like green bay trees, and music and dancing, and worse tMngs, are mixed with the sly-grog in nightly and daily orgies, not to be by us more minutely described. Some kiud of right of search, quick and easy of application, seems to be necessary, with power to confiscate, if a bench of magistrates considers the evidence warrants such an order. To this should be added the issue of subpeenaes to neighbors of sus pected persons, and convictions be made possible upon the general weight of evidence without necessity for technical proof of any specific act of sale. Some system of this kind might be made to act as a repressive macMuery, but the existing system is ineffective for good, and is prolific in meanness and perjury and fraud. With regard to the MThai] family of de serted cMldrcn at or from Creswick, Mr Gaunt is reported to have read the mother a severe lecture, pointing out the objectionable course of life she was leading by deserting her chil dren. In sending the children to the schools he thought it would be better than leaving them with their mother, and it would be cheaper for the State to rear them up than to be compelled to deal with them afterwards as criminals. We concur in the magistrate’s view, for we think his reasoning is good and the conclusion incontestable. But this also confirms our plea for bringing the parents witMu the law by making them liable to penal servitude, as the last resource, until the debt incurred in rearing their cMldreu be paid back to the State. If some check of this land be not imposed, our full State asylums must be enlarged, for unnatural parents swarm and pro pagate. They must be treated as other crimi nals, and be made to pay expenses. 