The Storyteller. HUNTING A SHADOW. CHAPTER III. BY M.E.K. NOW, as it happened, there was an old friend of the family, a Mrs. Ferrars, who with her daughter resided in Chester Square. They were very stylish people indeed. They gave balls and roaU in the winter, bloomed oat like May flowers in the spring, took drives in th« parks in •oßuner, and were nerer by any chance to b« found at home in the autumn. In fart they IbUawed out all the whims and oapriosa of the fashionable world to a letter. It was whispered by a few ill-natured folks that it required a vast amount of skill on Mrs. Ferran' part to make both ends meet, and that if she had not been ■a eminent tactician it would haw been impos sible. There were rumors of pinching and eon* trmng behind the soenes, and of autumn ex oursiom no further than the back room*. But, however this might be, nothing exhibited any outward sign of economy, and season- after sea son Mrs. Ferrars and her daughter appeared upon the stags, as grand and as stylish a* ever. Yictorine Ferrars was a handsome aad aeoom pUshed woman, perfectly well bred, and knew everything—from Mendelssohn to music work. She could talk admirably on polities, literature, and even on religion; or, if needs be, she ooold gossip and intent obit-chat where graver topics were not acceptable. She could play, and sing, and dance, and draw, and da all well and in good taste. Good taste was one of her principal characteristics. She knew exactly how to .adjust ths harmony of colors, and never wore a ribbon amiss or a dress that did not become her. She was winning and fascinating in her manners, always maintaining a just equilibrium, and never betrayed into any undue emotion. Her ealmneas and self-possession gave her an immense advantage. She was precisely what she should be, neither more nor less. It was to Mrs. Ferrars that Grace wrote the foil account of her brother, his journey to Wales, bis taking the portrait of Miss Olairville, and the result. Her letter came ene morning as the mother and daughter were sitting down to breakfast, and gave rise to a very important con versation. Slight as the incident of Grace's epistle might seem, it suggested something new and startling. The same idea oeoured to both, but neither Yic torine nor her mother were ever guilty of pre cipitancy. They were diplomatic even towards each, other, so they oonversed a little time, as if the oiroumstaoee had been of ordinary interest. " I am surprised to hear this about Arthur," said Mrs. Ferrars, pouring out the tea; " but, with bis good common sense, he wil) soon get over it. What do you think, Yietorine P" " I doubt it, mamma," replied Yietorine j "at least as far as the soon is concerned. Arthur it very susceptible of impressions, especially pleasurable ones." M But the sight of a dead person can hardly be pleasurable, my dear," said her mother. " He did not think of her at dead," said Yio torine. "He simply thought of her as the most beavtiful woman he had ever seen.** 11 Well, bat by this time he must have realised the fact of her being dead, and that he can sever see her again," replied Mrs. Ferrars. "Except in his imagination, mamma," said the daughter, " and in the portrait Grace speaks about. I have not the least doubt but that Arthur has fallen in love with her." And she battered her toast with great precision. "But, my dear, it is too absurd to think of," ■aid Mrs. Ferrars.. •• What I fall in love with a lady on the eve of her funeral P" v I do not mean falling in love exactly in the sense one. understands it as referring to living • people," said Yiotorine s "but I mean that Arthur has been very much struck with the beauty of this—Constanoe, I think you said her name was P" "Yes, Constance Olsirville," replied her mother,' looking again at the letter. " Well, then, he will for some time to come cherish a morbid attachment to her, and mak^ himself very miserable indeed," said Yietorine. "I wonder what can be done," said Mrs Ferrari, in a tone of concern. " Arthur is too good and clever to ran to seed in a churohyard. Can you suggest nothing, my dear, in reply to Grace* letter?" " I hardly know, mamma," replied Yietorine. MI must think a minute." Yictorine did think a minute, and her thoughts ran thu»: <rlt is of no use mamma making be lieve ; I can see what she is soheming as clear aa daylight. Yes, it would be a good chance for me. Arthur is well off, and rising in his profession, and the time is going by for trifling.' One cannot stand still at twenty-eight." Here was an imperceptible sigh. " I could easily out oat this Constance if I were onoe upon the field. The living surely can be a match for the dead. Not that I care for Arthur the least in the world. I almost think I dislike him, he is so good, and good people are desperately tire some. Still, his position plesaes me and it would be worth the trial; mamma thinks so too, I see it in her free." Meanwhile Mrs. Ferrars was cogitating in like manner: " Yiotorine mast know what a good speculation it would be, especially as she has let so many slip through her fingers. She has been on my hands quite long enough, and I oannot afford to let her be an old maid. Apart from the odium of the thing, there will be nothing for her to live upon after my death, for then my an nuity will come to an end. Yictorine might easily s creep into Arthur's good graces. Shebastoomuoh sense to think of marrying for love. No one but a girl in her teens ever dreams of suoh a thing. If she plays her cards well, the adventure in Wales may resolve itself greatly to our ad vantage. She is too sharp and clever not to see it at once." " Well, Yiotorine," said the good lady aloud, and pray what may your thoughts be like P" "I hb very stupid this morning, mamma," was the reply. " I can only patch np one solitary idea." "If it is a good one, never mind its being solitary, said Mrs, Ferrars. " Come, let as have it" "I was thinking," replied Yietorine,"that , Grace had better send tot some one to amuse her brother. Some pretty girl, I mean, who would drive this odd fancy out of his head." " Excellent!" exclaimed Mrs. Ferrars. " She , could not do better. Bat where is this pretty girl to be found?" "Indeed I really do not know," replied Yietorine. " There is Sophia Jarvis——" "Impossible!" interrupted Mrs. Ferrars. " She if not even good-looking." " Marianne Fuller?" suggested Yietorine. "Arthnr cannot endure her," said Mrs. Vernra. Jf « Jane Thompson •" oonturocd Victoria*. ' " The name it enough, my dear," Mid Mn. Ferrar*; M and yon forget the hat red hair." " One of the six Jenners, then P" suggested Yiotorine. " They are all handsome." "Bat not striking," said her mother) "and not companionable, either—mere raw school girl*. No, no, you moat think again." " I oonfesa I am quite at a low, mamma," aaidYictorine. "Handsomewomen are so scarce. Let me see " and the tat thinking intently. " I hare a better plan than youn in my head, my dear," aaid Mr*. Ferrara i and that v for you to go and ace Grace yourself, and talk it over with her." "And try whom we can hnnt up between us, I suppose P" said Victorine, amiling. "Exactly,? replied Mn. Ferrara, "Poor Grace need* a little counsel. Arthur i* from home, and she i* quite by herself. One should be a little attentive to one* friend*." Mlt will be an insufferable bore," began Victorine, playing with her teaspoon. "Of course it will," said her mother. « Poor Grace is so odd, and her brother —by the bye, you need not ace him unless you like. Ton can oome back before he get* home. It is but two hour* by rail." " I think I had better just me him,'* replied Victorine, speaking bar word* deliberately, and for the first time looking full into her mother's face. " Perhapa you had, my dear; but it is quite immaterial: you an not going to set your cap at him, you know," said her mother, laughing. "Oh dear no!" cried Vietorine, laughing too. " But it is inoonTenient to fix the exact time for ooning back before one gets them. Sob** thing may detain me." "Of course," said her mother, " something may j and if yon enjoy yourself, you need not hurry home 6a my account; I can, at a stretch, spar* yoa for a week." " Thank you, dear mamma," returned Victo rine. " And now about my wardrobe P I need not take anything with me, but just the dress I hare on." "There is no positive necessity. But you may be invited out, and it would be unpleasant to have left your wardrobe at home. I should advise you to take your new satin dress. Even if you do not put it on, the journey will do H no harm," said Mrs. Femurs gaily, for her spirits were evidently rising. "Bo you think that better than the pink glace* ?" said Yiotorine. Pink suits me so well." "So it does," replied her mother i "but the other i* the handsomest." "What shall I do?" asked Yiotorine. M Take them both," said her mother. Mlt is the easiest way of getting over the difficulty; and then you can wear whioh you please." "And my pretty new muslins P" suggested Yiotorine j " it is a pity to leave them behind." "So it is," said Mrs. Ferrars; "and they suit you admirably. Take them all, Yiotorine; you could not do better." "But, dear mamma," exclaimed Yiotorine, "only think of my luggage! and to stay a week." " Never mind," said her mother. M Such a thing might happen as for you to stay a fort night ; and it would be excessively inconvenient for me to send your boxes after you." " Well, perhaps it would be the best," said Yiotorine; " but do you think I can exist a fort night in that dullest of all dull places, mamma ?" "I do not know, my dear; it will depend on ciroußutanoes," said Her mother, drily. " I think I had better begin to pack," said Victorine. "If I go, there is no time to be lost." "Not a single hour," replied Mrs. Ferrars, with emphasis. "Go, my dear, and I will write to Grace." ■Chafed IV. AssfeUß, with his folio under his arm, was posting away in search of hi* Welsh landscape j and a* the landscape remained exactly where it wa* before, he had no difficulty in finding it t but it took him a whole day and part of the next to make hi* sketch. That next day he had intended to do something else—something, in fact, that lay at the root of his expedition. He meant to visit the tomb of Constance. The thought gave him a feeling of inde scribable pain, and made hi* heart flutter with emotion. Her tomb! She wa* dead, then; and the cold marble would interpose between him and her wonderful beauty. How was it that he could never think of her as dead P Not even now, when he had oome to look upon her tomb. Arthur lingered amid the scenery, and here and there a sketch found it* way into hi* folio. He loved to watch the sunlight oome and go upon the hill*, and to*feel himself surrounded by the silence and majesty of nature. He would like to have remained, were it possible, with no companion but his sketch- book; but home had claims on him; and he must visit the tomb of Constance, and return. He became more and more agitated as he re traced bis step* through scene* so familiar to him i he could not but recall that pure bright June morning when he stopped at the door of the mansion. It was summer still; but nature wore a richer and mellower tint. The reapers were at work among the corn, and the ripe fruits told that autumn was dose at band. It was late in the evening before he reached the village. Had she been alive, he would not have loitered. But, alas! his greeting, such as it was, would meet with no response. All would be dark and silent. Why need he hasten P The sun set rapidly, and night had come be fore he thought it possible. The harvest-moon shone down upon the sheaves of corn in the field*. It shone, too, upon the mansion of Glair ville, and showed the garden, and the great gate* by whioh Arthur had once entered. Yon der wa* the room into which the housekeeper had led, him. The blinds were dosed, and well they might be, since its occupant was gone. He should not find her there, and he turned away, sad and sick at heart " This is then the curse," thought he. " Oh, death! death! how terrible thou art!" He reached the little church. A lovely spot it was, the churchyard Jaid out a* a garden, with flowers climbing up the walls, and great trees bending solemnly over. • How still it was! The dew* of night stole noiselessly down, and glittered like pearls in the moonlight. The bat whirled round and round, and the owl hooted faintly in the distance. The old church stood like a preacher surrounded by the congregation of the dead. Generations lay around it, and generations more would be added to their number. It waa a time for thought, and Arthur stayed to ponder the lesson read him by this weather- beaten tower, and these grassy hillocks. Then he advanced slowly and tremblingly—hi* vigil wa* with none of these. It vm yoader, aft that marble tomb. He •topped and read the nsma Oonsfanos Okir Till*. Yet, the slept beneath!—the whom he would have loved so passionately—to whoee tide some strange fatality had brought him, bat too late. What sympathy waa therebetween then, thai her Tery ashes should be precious to bimP He bent over her tomb; he eoold almost have wept. "Here were enough to die without thee, n he whispered;"rarefy thon, who wert so beautiful, mightest hare lived." As bespoke he heard a sound, and raised his head to see from whence it came. It could not be real. Has! what phantom had risen to beguile himP Had the sepulchre unclosed P The dead I do they walk again ? She stood before him, solemn and majestic; the golden tresses shining like an angel's; the features awful in their likeness to the dead) the white drapery falling round her like a cloud | the large, glorious eyes fixed earnestly on his! It oould be none other, and Arthur uttered a strange, wild cry, and fled. It was his Juno his goddess! It was Constance Ohurville! Mlt is my frensy and excited imagination!" cried he, as he threw himself down upon the grass, and bathed his forehead in its ooolness. "I am mad! It is no Constance, but a phan tom of the brain. I will go back, and watch." He retraced his steps, but there was no Con* stance to terrify him now. Her tomb was de serted, and the dead slept quietly around it. He was no coward i he loved danger, and would have met it face to face. Bat aha had oome from another world, a far-off tend, and her garments were fragrant with immortality. She had died ;he "had seen her dead—had looked upon her. Way need she oome again P Batter had he never beheld her! Better had that vision of beauty passed away unseen, than thus to rise, and haunt him with its terrible loveli ness! Some strange thing had happened to him; and he left the churchyard like one bewildered. Ohaptsb T. YiOKttnra Fbbbass arrived at Wyebfbrd in a'few days, with all her artillery of gowns and jewels, ready for immediate action. She oould not afford to leave one of her auxiliaries behind her, and like a skilful general she prepared her self for every emergency. Defeat would be ignominious, to say the least of it; but she did not mean to be defeated, she meant to carry off the palm of victory. Arthur was utterly unconscious of the plot against his peace of mind. He thought it very kind of Yietorine to oome and visit them in their rather dull neighborhood, and he resolved to make her visit as pleasant as possible. ■ He found her a very agreeable companion, and, when a week was over, joined heartily with Grace in wishing her to prolong her stay. Yietorine worked tery hard indeed. She studied Arthur's every whim and fancy; adapted her ideas to his, flattered him, not coarsely, but skilfully, laying it on with a feather. She played and sang, and exerted all her powers; but although Arthur was invari ably polite and kind, he certainly was not smitten. All her shafts had fallen to the ground, and he went on his way unscathed. Bo much for the first part of her campaign. Yietorine now felt she must take more deci sive measures. She must win his confidence} she must probe his secret wound, and get hie mysterious love for Constance into her own keeping. She knew, by unmistakable signs, that he did love Constance, and that the wound still rankled beneath the surface; that Arthur had a world of his own where he admitted nobody, and of which nobody might speak. Yietorine was a brave woman; she determined to obtain bb entrance, in spite even of the dead! Accordingly, one nforning, as Arthur was paint ing in his studio, Yiotorine, who had thoroughly concocted her plan, tapped at the door, and walked in. She was, as usual, charmingly dressed, and not a hair was out of place. The taste with which she arranged her toilette was always pleasant to Arthur, and he liked to look at her, as upon a thoroughly agreeable object. He liked the air of quiet and refinement with whioh she moved about, a contrast to poor Graoe's noisy demonstrations; her voice well modulated, her ideas well expressed, her calm, unruffled temper, these had their weight with him. She had never been into his study before, and he was really glad to see her. He laid down his brush, placed her a chair, and pre pared to make himself agreeable. " No, I will not sit down," said Yiotorine. " Pray go on, as if I were riot present; I want to look about me. What a lovely picture that will be; one can almost feel the sunshine on those hills. Where is the landscape taken from P" "It was from one of his Welsh sketches," •Arthur said, as he continued to paint; and he talked eloquently of mountain scenery, and of his longing to be amidst it again. Yietorine made the round of his pictures, saying some* thing flattering of eaoh. Suddenly she ex claimed, "Dear me, Arthur! What is the meaning of that curtain P Is there some dark mystery behind it ?" And she made an attempt to draw it back. Arthur prevented her. " Excuse me, Yicto rine, but it is a mystery," said he, gravely. "Oh, let me see it!" she exclaimed. "I know it is some gem you are hiding from the world. I will be as silent as the grave. Let me see it." And, by a quick movement, she drew back the curtain. "What a. splendid creature!" the exclaimed. "Is she a woman, or is she a goddess ?" ( " Neither the one nor the other, but an angel," replied Arthur, excessively agitated. " Oh, you may well call her an angel!" said Yietorine, standing before the picture, with her color heightened, and her exes fixed eagerly upon it. " She is glorious! What features! What hair! What a majestic ftgure! Who was she, Arthur ?" she added, turning to him. " The daughter of an English gentleman—no more than that," said Arthur, smiling, as if pleased at her enthusiasm. " But where is her home ?" asked Yiotorine. "I would make a pilgrimage to see her." " Her home," returned Arthur, mournfully, "her home is to a little village churchyard. Her companions are the dead. We shall never see her any more." He tried to draw the curtsin, but Yietorine would not allow him. i "Do let me look * little longer," she said. " I cannot believe she is dead. A churchyard, did you say P" "Yes," he replied; "there is a tomb, and her name is written on it I have read it—Con* stance Clairville." Arthur drew the curtain and sat down. Yio torine sat down too. " And you loved her," said she, in the softest tones of her musical voice; "yon must hare loved her, if you were not of all men the most insensible.* Arthur made no reply, and she oontmued,«Pardoa me, Arthur, fjoehaviaioa of beauty dots not often come aoross us. I weald know m#rc of ha*, a* of mm m» bessg whoso like will never b« *mq again. Too must have loved her." It wm pleasant to Arthur to have his wooad touched ao skilfully—to have the secret thought of his sool spoken in such barmonioas language. It w«s m if the door of some dark chamber had been opened, and the air and sunshine let freely in. He was not angrj with Yietorine for re peating the question, W it pooled him to reply. The story wm so strange, so wild, so unreal! It was like nothing in life ; she would not credit it if he told her. Bat Vietorine had found the sod of this tangled web, and proceeded patiently, and with heroharaeteristie quietude, to unravelit. " I do not wonder at the utter desolation such a loss would bring. Arthur, I pity you," she said; and she regarded him with a look of wo manly compassion that west straight to his heart. It was a treacherous look, but how should he know it P How should ho know that it glanced like the sun in some northern region orer a sea of ice P She did not .know what oompassion meant. She hated the Tery name of Constance. Yietorine could sing like any syren. Beware, Arthur of that song, beware of that soft Toioe, those womanly wiles. Tour good angel had need be at your elbow now. But Arthur did listen to the song. It came to him softly and tenderly orer the troublesome wares ot life, and he stopped and bred to hear it. He steered towards it, ai towards a place of rest, where he might lay down the sorrow that oppressed him, or at least lighten its burden by finding some one to share it with him. One true anbV kind, and who would be his friend. See how she en tices him! With what consummate art! How gently she draws his secret from him! How she soothes him with her flattery—how she lulls him into a perfect confidence! How she lays him to rest, as £he syren of old did the mariner, with the tide rippling at his feet, and keeping time to her delicious melody. If Arthur lingers her, his very genius will forsake him} she can not breathe this drowsy air. She will spread here wings and fly. Awake! awake! Yietorine exulted in that day's performance. It was a successful exploit, and she went out of the study glowing with excitement. It was the first real step she had taken toward the attain ment of her object, and she wrote the following aooouat of it to her mother:— •' My dear Mamma,—l hope you did not ex pect me home last week. I made an attempt to' leave, but Grace and Arthur would not hear of it, and, all things considered, it was more politic to stay. Poor Oraee is more hoydenish than ever, and spends all her time in worrying after the servants. Bbc has weekly settings to rights, when all the drawers and cupboards in the house are turned out. I could'not get into the draw ing-room one day, the table was covered with glass and china; Oraee was dusting it—in the drawing-room, mind! So I stepped into the studio for my own room was being cleaned, and where could Igo P I would rather not have in traded on Arthur, but he made himself very agreeable, and showed me the picture of the dead lady. She is splendidly handiome, and he raved about her a little. But I think he may be oured. 1 have not yet been able to find any one that will do for him, and it pussies me sadly. By the way, Arthur and I play at chess some times, and yesterday I gained a little advantage for tiie first time. Who knows but I may win the gamer—Yours, Ac" Yietorine made sure she should. She could sit with Arthur in his study every morning now. He seemed to like it, for he could talk to her about Constance. If Constance had been living, this conversation would have been inconvenient and out of place. But what did it matter, since she was dead? She could not stop out of her' tomb m the little churchyard to confront her rival. Oz&nn; VL "Ww> will go sketching with me to-day P" said Arthur one morning at breakfast.» "There is an old rain in the neighborhood that I want to make a drawing of. How, then, a pionie on the grass. Who speaks P" "Icannot go, it irquite impossible,'' said Ones, who was rumaging in her key-basket. "AuT leaves to-day j I knew she would go just at the most inconvenient time. And there is a wash about down stairs; and what with ironing and* clear- starching^»" " We should be quite as well pleased to be spared the detail of what is going on down staffs," interrupted Arthur. "I think I ought to stay and help you, Grace, 1* said Yiotorinc, good-humondly—she was looking very bright and sparkling that morning, and had on one of her pretty muslins —" though I must confess I long for Arthur's rum, and the pionie on the grass." " Nobody but myself can iron Arthur's shirts fit to be seen,** returned Grace, with an air of importance. " The only time I trusted one to Jane, she scorched it horribly." " Will you give us some coffee, Grace?" said Arthur, looking very awful and cloudy, at he sat at the bottom of the table. " I will give you some coffee in a minute," she replied i " but I must find the key of the mangling room. I want to have the clothes mangled off the first thing, so that we may get through in good time. There are more than a doien shirts to iron, to say nothing of—" " I wish you would say nothing of anything, Grace," interrupted Arthur, rather crossly, and irritated as he always was at Grace's want of refinement. M That is just tike you, Arthur," she exclaimed. " You have no gratitude or sympathy in you." " I have not in thia case," said Arthur, quietly. " No, indeed! you never have with anything that is clean," cried Grace, vehemently. "If it were not for me I wonder what the house would belike!" The earthen vessel and the vessel of brass were about to dash violently together. But Yietorine came to the rescue, and with her usual tact separated them. "About this ruin," said she— 4* where, and what is H P" " It ifl the ruin of an old priory, where the ghosts of fat monks are said to walk by moon light," said Arthur, laughing. "Dareyou go, Yietorine ?" I " With all my heart," she replied. "I shall like it amazingly. I sketch a little myself, though it is but a little. You will not mind my taking my folio ?" " I shall be most happy to carry it for you," said Arthur} "and Grace, dear, he added, turn ing to his sister, v what can we take with us for dinner P" Bu.t Grace was seriously offended. She had been gulping her coffee with a free as red as a peony. Now she set down her cup with a bang, and put her spoon in it, a habit she knew was excessively annoying to Arthur. Grace never minded what she did when she was ont of torn* I per. " I say, Grace, what have jou in the pantry for dinner P" repeated Arthur. "Nothingbut oold^tton," rspßed Grace, sulkily. * *? MOold mattou!" mii Arthur. "Tkei will ■mr do i if• no go, m schoolboys say." "I cannot cook anything on • washing day," Mid Grace, determined to impress the met of the wMh on Arthurs mind, and nuke him fed it whether he would or no. This was one of her oneomfortable ways. She once triad "drying off the thing*," as •he called it, by the parlor ire. Bat Arthur happening to come in jut when they were in full reak, awept them all up in one great arm* ful and flung them in at the kitchen door. 80 Grace waa obliged to content heraalf for the future with airing eoUan and such small fry when Arthur waa out of the way. She would haTe something in the parlor thai did not belong to it, if it were possible." " I will tell you what, Grace," aaid Arthur, excessively proroked, "I will put the washing out." " Not while I am in the home," returned Grace, with the air of a tragedy-quean. "But, Grace, dear, it would save you a great deal of trouble, 1* suggested Vietorine. " Tea, and have all my poeket-handkerohiefs stolen," said Oraee, indignantly. "Much you London ladies know of washing.'* "Practically, toy dear, I oonfess I know nothing," said Viotorine, « but epeaking theo retically, I think it would make very Kttle dif ference." Mlt would make a Tery gpat* difference," cried Grace, turning upon her almost fiercely. MI pay the washerwomen—* "Gome, come, Grace, thia is beyond a joke," aaid Arthur, rising, " I cannot stand baring the washerwomen too! I shall go and see what there is for dinner myself," and of 7 he went Grace blubbered and mopped her faoe, and declared herself the moat ill-treated person in the world, worked like a slave, and no one to say " thank you " when she had done! Well, there was one comfort; they would not have her long! That the could tell them. And once out of the house, she would take precious good care never to set foot in it again! Arthur might get a wife as dirty as himself, and together they might drag on to their lives'end.. She did not care! And with this polite declaration, aimed full into Yietorine*s nee; she swept out of the room. Domestic squalls will happen, and am very uncomfortable while they bet. Ho one knows exactly what the end will be. But the end generally ia, that the storm blows over, the sky dears, the sun comes out, and except for a little sprinkling, nothing looks much the worse. There was a great sprinkling of Grace's tears, when her conscience had leave to speak, and it smote her in good round terms for what she had done. But it was a wholesome shower, and did her no manner of harm. When the storm was over, and the sunshine had come back, the flrst sign of the change was her piwing by the threat of oold mntton, and peeking up a dainty little dinner in a dainty little basket for Arthur and Viotorine. > Nothing but cold mutton! Grace's house* keeping never got to so low an ebb aa that. Depend upon it, ejHnetbing good was alwa js to be found in her larder. For shame, Grace, to have done yourself such an injustice. And then the dainty little basket, ready to burst with what Grace had put in it, was given to Ann (albeit she was going to leave, and it was washing day), to carry to the ruins, and Arthur and Vietorine were to follow at their leisure. There was no need for hurry, as they had the day before them. So they loitered, «»vHing to look now and then at some pretty bit of land scape, come sunny spot, with trees, and a little homestead, or some bold sweep of hills, with* the dark woods lying at their feet. Then, when they reached the ruin they sat down to sketch. Yietorine would sketch what Arthur did, so they eat side by side, and eketehed together. Arthur had been attentive, almost affectionate. Hr had begun to feel a reliance upon Yietorine, and a decided leaning towards her. It was some* thing to have a friend who understood him, and to whom he could speak tenderly of Constance. Her kindness had softened his heart, and weaned it somewhat from its dead idoL This warm living being oould make a better response to his affection than those cold ashes. His wound was getting healed under her judicious management. His cheerfulness had returned, and with it health and vigor. He liked being alone with Yietorine, in these quiet ruins. And he thought her very handsome as she sat beside him, and wondered he had not been struck with it before. She waa good and beautiful—what else could he desire P • ' The day passed pleasantly enough. It was now evening, and the sun was setting. But Yietorine had not finished her sketch, and she wished to stay a little longer. Arthur was not sorry for the delay j he wanted to tell her of his vigil in the churchyard, and see what light her good oommon sense would throw upon it. He longed to know what Yietorine would say. 80, while the sun was sinking, and she worked away with her pencil eager to catch its few remaining beams, he related the whole story. He described the churchyard, the tomb, the silence, the bitter sorrow, as he read theinscrip tion—then the surprise, the horror, the flight, the certainty that it was Constance! Victorine's hand stood still. She listened, breathlessly* with a blanched face, and compressed lips. " What do you think of that, Viotorine?" he asked; " tell me." "It was a delusion of the brain," she replied, speaking every word slowly and emphatically"; "you were over excited. You had brooded on that one image until your imagination presented it to your bodily senses. It was no spirit j it oould not be." " But it was Constance," said Arthur. " Her golden hair, her features, her drees, how oould I be mistaken ?" " There have been instances of delusions quite as startling," said Vietorine; " but they have been proved to be delusions. I would dismiss the subject from my thoughts. It is an un* healthy state of mind, when phantoms assume the form of realities." "But, still—oh that you had seen her!" he exclaimed. " Yietorine, she cannot be alive!" Yietorine gave a sudden start, then said, in a tone that carried conviction with it, " I think you read her name upon the tomb." "Ah, that leaves no doubt, no doubt at all," said Arthur, sadly. " It is not well to indulge this morbid fancy," continued Yietorine; " there can bo no link be tween us and the dead." " Memory links us with them," cried Arthur, quickly 1 " brings them back to us, and us to them. As surely aa living faces gather round u% so are the spirits of the departed often at oar side. I iseUt. I am certain of it. And H might be that this dear being stepped for a moment into the garb of her mortality, looked kindly at me, and departed. What would be the wonder*" "Iran wen it possible, Arthur and reason and Bitan are against it—where would be the good r asked Viotorin*. «It would be • cruel kindness. She had better have rested is h«r grave." Arthur was silent \- "It ie time tliisfanoy gave way to a healthier feeling," oontiaaed Yietorine | "place tint beautiful image in your memory, it is of one departed, and leave space in your heart for other sympathies. Yon would be better and happier." "Too advise me to fall in lore thenP" cried Arthur, rousing«himself and looking earnestly at bar. "For your own aake.l do," laid Yictorine, returning his look with one of conscious in tegrity. - 1 am no young girl, that I need i aimpor and blush at the name of love. My ad rieeie perfectly disinterested," she added, smil ing. " But lam frneifoj," said Arthur. " I shall never see any one that I like, and that will be a •light hindrance to your benevolent purpose." "It may not be so difficult as you imagine," •aid Yietorine. " The .world is full of excellent women, though it does not boaet sneh god desses as your Constance. I have in my mind's tye—" "Oh,Yietorine!** he cried, "do not begin match-making j leave that to ambitions widows and disappointed spinsters. It is not worthy of you." "I am not going to match- make," replied Yietorine, good humoredly. "I am only going to euggcet When one happens to know two generous nature*, who would make each other happy, it is a kindly office to guide them to each other. "That is quite true," said Arthur, looking at her with a kindling eye. Yietorine saw her advantage, and her pulse beat quicker. But self-command was a virtue always within her reach, and she went on ! sketching with the greatest ooolnees and pre cision. " I have a friend," she oontmued,« who would suit you to admiration. She is sufficiently handsome to please your taste. She is educated and refined. The only question is, whether she would be disposed—— H "Bat I am not at all disposed," interrupted Arthur i fie, Yietorine, match-making !" and he •hook his head. " It is the office of a friend to raggeet what is for your good," said Yietorine. "I wish to leave you happier than I found you." *?That is very kind," returned Arthur, ten derly, for the syren was drawing him nearer and nearer. He had come almoet to her feet. Another moment, and she thought the poor silly fly that was buuing about her web would be entangled. But patienoc, Yietorine! Hot quite so soon as that! Arthur paused on the very brink of eomnfit* ting himself. He did not love Yietorine, though he liked her, and enjoyed her society. Love was a different thing, and at the present moment he felt thk decidedly. He rose as if struck by • sudden sense ot danger, and, saying a few hurried words, wandered away among the ruins. He dare not ask this woman to be his wife. The very thought gave him a feeling of intense sadness, and the image of Oonstanos rose up before him. Yietorine had miscalculated her power.* Bhe was wrong when she boasted that the living was a match for the dead. He paced up and down die ruin of what was once the chapeL Through the fragmentary windows, on*ither side, the ivy hung 'in luxuri ant festoons. The broken doorway at the end let in a peep of country, the village, and the line of hills. Arthur stood looking at it, and thought he must come and sketch here again. Then he resumed his walk, musing about Con stance. It was strange what a hold ehe had upon hie -imagination. How he could never shake it oft If he did co partially, it would come back with all its force and vividness. And yet she was no living woman, and he repeated aloud—"She is dead!" and echo answered, "She is deed!" His wound opened, and bled afresh. He felt a void in his heart that no one else could filL He placeS the idol on ite shrine, and swept away every other image from before it. It was a strange infatuation, but he could love no one else. No, never! never! And Yietorine's house upon the sand was all blown down* Ohard VII. "Yioxoßin," said Grace, ooming into her room one morning before she was down, *'I have a great favor to ask." "What may that be, GraoeP and good morn ing to you," said Yietorine, cheerfully. " I want to know if jou would mind lending me the jacket of your pink silk dress for an hour or two," said Grace. "Dear me, Grace!" exclaimed Yiotorine, '• are you going to masquerade P" " Ob, no," she replied j " but I want to take the pattern, it is so stylish, and now the wash is over I am going to have •'bout at dressmaking. The dressmakers here are such a set! I can never get a gown to fit me unless I make it my self. H Upon my word, Grace, you are a universal genius!** cried Yietorine, in a tone of admira tion. " But does Arthur like you to turn drew maker, and all that sort of thing P" "I do not oars whether he likes it or not j I j always mean to do it," said Grace, stubbornly. | " Well, you are quite welcome to the jacket," said Yietorine % " but you must find it difficult to fit yourself." i "I thought of asking you to try on the pattern, when I have tacked it together," said Grace. « You will not mind that, shall you ?" "Ask me! about the worst person in the world. I hardly know a back from a front," said Yietorine, in alarm. v I will cut out the pattern, at all events, and then we shall see," returned Grace, carrying off the jacket in triumph. It was a glorious day for Grace. She had it in her power to subvert the whole household, and make every member of it thoroughly un oomfortable. She set in for what she called a regular bout of it, and went beyond all bounds- She get her patterns, and her papers, and her pins. She strewed the parlor, from end to end, with silks and lining muslins. She monopolised' the whole of the table. She bit off her ends of cotton, clicked her needle againtt her thimble' pinned her work to her knee, and seemed to glory in removing herself as far from a young lady as possible. Arthur had the best of it He shut himself up in his studio, and never emerged from it ex cept at meals, when Grace made her appearance, stuck as full of pins and needles as a pincushion. His pale harrassed face would have wade her wretched if she could have spared a thought from her dressmaking to notice it. Yietorine was the principal sufferer. She kept aloof from Arthur—she thought it beat alter their alight adventure in the ruins. It was man politic to leave lum, for a tine, to lean •gainst hu thorn, and feel bow sharp it was. She knew there wm no hop* of relief or eonso- Ution except from herself. She hid only to be patient, Mid Arthur would find oat her value, and come back all the better disposed. Bat it wm hard work being driven wholly upon Grace. There the Mt, s^itohing away hour after hoar, M if for her daily bread. And Victorine wm con tinually preued into the servioe. It wm erery minute, " Should you mind making me a little eerging P" " Should you mind putting on thoM hattons for me P You need not unless you like.** It wm certain Yiotorine did not like, but die did what she was Mked. Btill, it wm weary ■ work, and almost more than her philosophy could bear. Bbc began to think the mtut posi tively gire in, and go back to London. One afternoon Viotorine thought the would take a stroll, and for a few minutes escape the eternal •titebing that wm going on within. Sh« put on her bonnet and had just reached the garden gate when Arthur oalled to her froa the v study window. "Where are you going, ViotorineP" heen quired. ■■ "No where in particular," she replied. "Yes," she added immediately, "what a silly | answer! lam going for a walk, Arthur," and with a friendly nod, she wm about to pass on. "Stay a moment," said he; "I will go with you." Arthur's head wm drawn hMtily in, and in another minute out he oame with his hat and his stick in his band. " I have been longing for a walk all day," said he. " I am afraid we shall not bare much more o t this fine bright weather," said Viotorine, m they walked along) "the air is beginning to feel chilly already." "Are you wrapped up enoughP Let me fetch you a shawl. You are not looking well, Victorine," said Arthur, kiadly. . " Oh, I am quite well, thank you," she replied* M and I shall soon get warm with walking." " You hare not been into my studio far • long time," said Arthur reproachfully. "I hare been helping Ghraoe with her dree*' making," returned Viotorine, laughing. "Oh, what a bore that mast hare been!" said Arthur. " Grace is incorrigible t But 70a should hare oome to me 1 my studio is a aanrtnm that she never dares to violate." " I have made myself very happy and em« tented," replied Viotorine carelessly. "By the ■ way, I shall have to go*home next week." " But, Viotorine, I cannot spare yon," said Arthu/1 " indeed I cannot!" "Perhaps you will not be oonsulted in the matter," returned Viotorine, good-humored^, but with a shade of coquetry. " Yes I shall," said Arthur, " and I shall say a positive and decided no. Victorine, do not leave me," ho added mournfully. " I have had a sad relapse. I have been at my old waye ; again. You have no idea how unsettled lam I" " I see you are," said Viotorine. " Bat what can I doP How can Thelp you P" . "ReMon with me," said he. "There is something in your voice that convinces me." "I have reasoned. Am I to say the same thing over again P" said.Viotorine, amiling. "Yes—l want line upon line, precept upon precept," he replied. "Well, then, it is a kind of morbid disease," said Viotorine. "It will grow with nourishing it; m you do, in your studio. I should send away that picture if I were you." never!" cried Arthur, with honor. ** How can you propose anything so cruel P" "I do propose it," repeated Victorine. " While you can feMt on that picture, your dcV ' losion will never die. Every time you look at it, it raises feelings of disgust." "But what would you do with UP" cried Arthur, half stupifled at the thought M Send it out into the world, and let others have the benefit," replied Viotorine. "It would make your fortune." " I do not want a fortune," said Arthur, sadly. Mlt is a daring proposition of yours to take away all that is most precious to me in the world." All most precious to him! The expression grated on Viotorine's ear. Constance was a dangerous rival, and m yet remained the mistress of his heart. " When I am gone home—" Viotorine began to say, after they had walked on a little in silence. " You are not going home at present. Fray do not think of it," interruped Arthur, hastily. "But it is a settled thing," said Viotorine, in a tone of great unoonoern ; " and what is more, I may not oome into this neighborhood again at present." w And why not P" he Mked. v For no reason that I need ■peoify, sinoe it concerns no one but myself," was the reply. Arthur felt a sensation of anxiety and dis oomfort. " What do you mean f" he Mked. " No, no, I will tell no secrets," said Viotorine. " You cannot expect it. I always fancied this would be a farewell visit—and perhaps it may." "Perhaps?" repeated Arthur. "Then it is doubtful." Viotorine made no answer, but the hand that rested on Arthur's arm trembled a little. " You are going to b* married, Viotorine P" " I did not say so," she replied. "Bat you hinted it," said Arthur 1 "and the hint is very terrible. If you have any pity,yoa will put me out of suspense." " Dear me, Arthur, what can it matter to youP" said Victorine, turning her eyes upon him with a look of innocent surprise. What indeed! While she wm within his reach it mattered nothing; but threaten te take her away, and he felt ready to dispute the point with the whole world. He could have de spatched his rival on the spot. Both Arthur's rival and Viotorine's were alike. They were nothing but phantoms. Viotorine wm not going to be married posi tively, so she admitted, in answer to his repeated enquiries. But a young nobleman wm in the distance, and against this myth, for it wm no other, Arthur stumbled desperately. As soon m the walk was ended, Arthur re tired to his studio, to think owr what was beat to be done. The idea of a rival wound up his* feelings to a climax. If he let Victorine go,- he might never see her again, or if he did, m the wife of another, and the thought wm excessively galling to him. She bad not pledged her word to this young nobleman, and the field was open to them both. He should never meet with any one he liked so well as Victorine, or whom he could trust with his precious secret. He even thought he loved her m much bs he oould love —Constance being dead. He wm young, yean of life lay before him. He oould not wMte the while treMure of bis love upon a phantom. Viotorine was kind, and good, and wise. Let her oome iato the plaoe of this dead beauty. Let him give her room in his affections. Let him ask her to be his wife, and let the other rest in her tomb. Lite most needs be more beautiful than |h« death. Yea, he would try the experiment! [to as ooMxnrosD.] 