.THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. ttlRMSHRl) t)AUA\ PKO^.i;a>^k>K, OUB KlOHTrs. ANH OUR RESOURCES. S'JFMfURSr, FRIDAY, FEB. 23. 1873. THE SHARE MARKET. What has happened now has happened ami been commented oil so often, that, al though wo feel called upon to say some thing mi tlie subject again, we can say little or nothing which has not been said before, and reiterated times without number. Tiie falling off in business at. the Beehive, which has now occurred, is certainly one of a most remarkable character. It occurred so very suddenly, and almost inexplicably, that men are perfectly r.maaed, and ask one another wistfully. as they pace a comparatively de serted and dreary Verandah-" What is the cause of it; what has brought about this abrupt depression in business?" In endeavoring to answer this question for our readers and ourselves, we will for a mo ment leave the V eraudah behind us altogether, and take a glance at the reefs themselves, and see if we can find the cause for the stagnation in the share market at the mines. The Johnson's Reef, we know, came into favor early in the year, in consequence of the splendid yields of the Johnson's Reef Gold Mines Company. All the adjacent claims, north and south, rapidly and at once rose in value, and as for the Gold Mines itself, the shares went up to a fabulous price in a few days. They have now tumbled down, and with them all the other stocks 011 the line. Why have they tumbled down.' Is anything wrong at the mine? Is the cause for the depreciation of the Johnson's stocks to be fomul in the Johnson's Gold Mines? The answer to this is emphatically no. That mine, if the shares in it wore, a few days since, worth £7 10s., is of the same value at this moment. The yields for some little time may not be quite so large, because, in consequence of the want of machinery, they cannot put through the requisite quantity of stone to maintain those returns which smaller and richer stone gave them, but they have the stone; and, moreover, an immense body of it, which will go over - ozs. to the ton, and they have an extent of ground on the reef which it will take very many years to develop. We say decidedly and emphatically that the cause of ihe fall in the Johnson's stocks is not to be found 011 the line of reef, or in the John son's mine. The Hustler's line has suffered to an almost corresponding extent. The mines 011 that reef, however, present no change. The Great Extended Hustler's Company never looked so well before, and the claims south Hi the Tribute-a few days since in such active demand-have as good prospects I as over they had. On tile West Carshalton, ' stocks alsti, generally speaking, have become i of less value. But there they are scratching I (Hi the surface merely. The deepest claim j 0:1 the line is not more than 300 feet, while I tin; majority of the shafts have not nearly attained that depth, xue jiovncl i= most promising oue; and if shares a few weeks sinco in the Carshalton mines, or any one of them, were worth a shilling or a £5 note each, they are worth the same money to-day. On the New Olnun and Victoria, the Garden Gully, and the Station! lines of reefs, fresh discoveries arc constantly being made, which add to the value of all the claims on these j lines. If we seek, therefore, for the cause of j the dulnoss in the share market down the ' lleudigo uviues, we shall not iind it there. | If we come again under the Verandah j we find it. at once. First of all in the fact j that the moment a new discovery is reported 1 stocks on tile line, in which the discovery is I mule, aiv. run up by speculators to an undue i price with an undue and thoughtless haste. It is quite evident now that the Gold Mines should never have gone, in the time they did, to anything l)tir share. They may or may not be worth the money; but a day, a week, or a month, should not, under j ordinary circumstances, determine thai question. And in this case the circum stances were ordinary enough. They had a small quantity of exceedingly rich stone - such stone as is seldom met with in any mine even on Bendigo-and this stone gave them two or three magnificent yields. Well, it was a mere pounds, shillings, and pence calculation for an investor to ask himself, "Will this share be worth £7 to me, and when shall i see my money back again ?" In other words, a.re these rich yields likely to be maintained; if not, what are tlio resources of the mine even should they fal Oil' I Hut it was not the investor who paid £7 for these shares at all. It was the speculator and the jobber: and the question which ho asked himself vras not " what is the share worth ?" but What higher price can I get for it from somebody else ?" And. in nine cases outof ten thesome body turned up in that unfortunate gud geon-the Melbourne buyer. It is no such diiiiouR matter, as is supposed, to estimate Approximately iiie intrinsic value of a share in a L'.'ld mine like tlie Johnson's, but the speculative valiu: of the jobber-the ;;h;iro dealer, in short-is quite another thiiitf, anil it is the operations of these people which hare brought about the present share market dull ness-and for a time, at least, spoiled their own business. t Another cause for the present depression in mining stocks is to be found in the gamb ling which almost invariably occurs whan atono is struck on a good line of| reef, and before its character can he ascer tained. When a new body of quartz is struck in a mine it almost invariably happens that the ingress of water Li so great that no accurate information as to the nature of the stons obtained can be ascertained for a few days nt least. It is during this interval that the gambling speculator carries on operations, which are generally successful so far as he is concerned, but very often are quite the reverse to outsiders and bona fide investor.!. We have examples of this in the case of tho Great Extended Flustlers's Tribute, the Pyoyal Hust ler's (tho strike of stone iu which caused an excitement which had an effect on tho claims south, down' to the CHty of Sandhurst Company} tlyj Victory, the Garden Gully. Freehold, the New Moon Company, and many others-all during the present year. Now some of these strikes have been strikes of other stone than the actual roof supposed to have been cut; others were strikes of stone which was not nearly so rich as expected, and of all the tin Is we have men tioned, there is not one which up to the present moment has been proved to bo that which was anticipated, hut. which sooner or later must take place. On this fact being made known, and on the true ivunro of the stone being asesmiuod, disappointment ensues, and a groundless panic and alarm on the line generally takes place. Thus it is that t'ae over-sm.irin.ess of some people, and the too great creduilty and gullibility of others, are prod.ict.ive of infinite mischief; and the duper and the duped stand aghast at the results of their trickery and folly. THV. OcT-noiNc M.ur,. -'TheR.M.S. Mool t-an will leave Hobson's Bay to-morrow with the m:iils for India and Europe. The Sand hurst postoiliec will close to- day, for money orders at three p.m.; for registered letters at four, and for newspapers via Southampton at. live p.m. Ordinary letters via Southampton or lirindisi and newspapers via Brindisi, can he posted up to six o:elock to- morrow morn ing. THE SVIIXKY FLOODS.-Great efforts are being made to prevent, damage from being done to (he Southern line of Railway, and the Minister of Public Works, with a strong force of laborers has been visiting various parts of the line for the purpose. It is pro bable that the Intercolonial Cricket Match will be commenced to-day. THE WATERWORKS.-Within the last few days, Messrs. G. D. Carter and H. W. Whitton, auditors appointed by the Government, have been examining the Waterworks accounts of the City Council, to report on the estimated value of the property, submitted by the Council to the Minister of Mines. The audit is a very extensive one, and involves considerable labor and calculation: and it will fully take the whole of the week to complete. On Wednesday Mr. Gordon, the engineer-in-chief, arrived in Sandhurst, for the purpose of assisting the auditors in the investigation of several details; and he left for Melbourne by the first train yesterday. In the afternoon the auditors, ac companied by Mr. Brady, the resident engi- neer of the City Council, visited the Big Hill Reservoir, and subsequently the newly constructed works at Crusoe Gully were inspected. It was pointed out by Mr. Brady that the earthworks in connection with this reservoir were all but completed; the monster syphon was finished, filled with water, and ready for operations, there being already a considerable quantity of water in the dam. About a quarter of a million of bricks made at Crusoe by Messrs. Fish bourne and Morton, have been carted to the site of the settling ponds, which, however, are not commenced. Mr. Brady estimated that it will take eight months at least, to finish these ponds, as only a limited number of bricklayers can be employed at a time. Some of the huge cast-iron pipes imported by Messrs. M'Ewan and Co., have arrived on the ground, and are being placed along the road to Kangaroo Flat. Part of the line for the Sandhurst mains has been surveyed by Mr. Brady, and as soon as the weather is favorable, relays of men will start to cut the trench into which they are to be placed. The pick and shovel work will be done by Messrs. Fishburn and Morton, as an extra to their original contract for the reservoirs. THE Old AXD ICr.w Chum'S MATCH. This match is one specially arranged to maintain the esprit d<. of cricketers and to draw the bonds of amity between the old and new players of the district closely together. For that purpose it is desirable that all the members of both teams should be present, but the day fixed (Saturdav) by the committee for the match, does not appear to have _ been the most suitable, and the result will be that a number of players and warm supporters of the game will be unable to be present on the occasion. It is doubt ful if Mr. Motteram can attend, and Sir. Mackay, it appears, cannot, since he has to be m Melbourne, as the Governor will leave on that day for England. Under these cir cumstances, we would suggest the advisa bility of a postponement of the match. The LOCAL Govekxment COMMISSION* having performed the tour .*f the ovens dis trict. t-ilru.g evidence at Wangaratta and eeehworth, will sit _ to. day at Castlemaine. Hie valuable and varied amount of informa tion winch they have received will enable the Commission to bring up a report which will be of great use to the Legislature, in the amendment and consolidation of the statutes and it is to be hoped the law will now bo' made moro satisfactory to the local bodies themselves and to the public. A GHOST. A story has reached us.of the adventures of a pair of turtle doves last i.i s ami cooi»S s')»iewhere i: at back Creek. [ t appears that a youii" lauy and gentleman were taking their walks abroad sometime after dark, when, as the ale is told, unto them a ghost appeared-a terrible tigure in white-which moved noise lessly mtO| their vicinity, and after makin<* some warning gestures, suddeulv and mv«te° nouslv disappeared. The damsel faii'itcd and her sterner companion, it is said, con mT , ° llavino sJwken in his manly shoes. J. hat they saw something which tliev had reason to believe to be supernatural" tliev are preparod to make oath, but if there are many young people about Back Creek likelv to be jealous of either of them, or fond o'f practical joking, perhaps a clue to the ui.\ story of the apparition may bo obtainable. A 1 no.Misixc Discovuny.-A partv at Ballarat has had the good luck to strike rich q.i.nu. The locality, according to the iiitif,-. is the lorkshire line of reef A. 'juanttty of stone from the newly- discovered lode was taken into Ballarat on Wednesday and produced considerable excitement The specimens were very rich, showing gold well m the solid stone, and from half-.vbucket I oz. of loose gold was washed. 1 E.YTF.irf.u sm b*i; -^Tha nsUal monthly' temperance entertainment was given the V , Poillt U;iU kst oveuili^» lie attendance was very large; Mr. A. W Harrison occupied the chair. Mr. J Rinni.r acted as leader of the choir, Mr. Pollock "rgamat, arid AIiss Coupland pianist. The in-'ad\v' V^h d''Uvt;rGd an 'nterest \u\l tttT' ?}1' t0 thostJ:of T intulloc tho .--v t!u3 enjoyable part of ! ' l!'S'Mm»e- Mr; Pierce, of Golden ' ,-irrrr n,ndRl,t of kunwrous " .C3 ti.liciihiig tue drinking customs, and ou.ers. illustrative of the safety of total ab stinence. ()n res-imincr his seat hp n-. greeted with thunders of aoplause. Son-'s and reeiuuons were given by Messrs. Tail, Mr- '-^voour, Rippor, and Gall, -ll ke'viyd, and the Misses C-,upland. L.1..-HKM,En's PA.Voka \r A. -This very uteresUng exhibition and entertainment at evenit r'0IT J i)VaS Teil l)atro»ised last evening. It is well worth a visit. PiiiF.ox MATOII.-An exciting match took place yesterday at Myer's Creek in a paddock belonging to Mr. Richard Thomas, the competitors being two parties-one captained by Mr. Lloyd, and the other by Mr. Trumble. There were two rounds, the prizes being L10 a round. In the first Mr. Lloyd's party shot 10 birds out of 30, and Mr. Trnmble's ! In the second, Mr. Lloyd's 18 out of .'JO, and Mr. Trnmble's 1!) out of :i0, with four men to fire. Tkmi'Cki.vg Jusricii.-The cartoon in Punch this week represents liis Honor Jud-^e Fellows hammering on the sword of Justice on an anvil. Justice asks, " What are you doing with my sword ?" To which the Judge replies, " Doing! Tempering it with mercy to he sure," and Justice remarks, "That is v.-ell, but don't overdo it again." Is Punch fjuHe sure that Justice is correctly reported; Was it well that the tempering business should h:vve been overdone? BfA'IHGO liEh'KYOl.KNT .-VSYLU-M.-The lion, treasurer (Mr. A. Williamson), with thanks, acknowledges receipt or L5 from Miss Fishbnrn and other ladies, Crusoe Gully, per D. Macdougall, Esq., in. aid. of the funds of the institute. .. .. 