®î)t $2>ttnefi J&orlUtt;ö jfttttiOl* " '? WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1873. i __ The appreciation by the Government of France of the conduct of Great Britain in reference to the tariff is one of the most pleasing incidents which has happened since the war. We need not recall the volumes which attributed to the Government of France in the midst of its dis- tress a selfish adherence to the old treaty. The reason given by M. Thiers for modifications was that France was deeply humiliated, and in the crisis of her fate-that it was necessary to make great efforts to extricate the country from. the weight of unprecedented taxation. He has before him the example of the United States in favour of a heavy tariff, which at all events pro- duced an ample revenue-partly resulting, of course, from the spring of affairs in a country so full of resources. When, however, the Governments came to examine what would be the best for both nations, they took a more generous view than an exacting policy. The English Government, said M. TrxiEKs, has conferred a lasting favour upon France in conciliating the interests of both countries, as far as it was possible. There are few documents that can be read with greater pleasure than the speech of that eminent statesman, who has been too often represented as the enemy of England ; and it will be found doubtless, in the course of time, that a liberal policy is the true one, that it is not obstruction that will make any people rich at the expense of their neighbours, and that if a change in the tariff diverts an interest from one point, the commerce of the world will find the mßane rnf reomipîtïortfVti» lr*RO in nnmn -*L.*.» A.*,.!. 1 he necessary attitude of England, after France had been hurried into a miserable war, was, if not cool, wanting apparently in cordiality. It was useless to promise what could not be per- formed, or to associate these countries in a war which might be ruinous to both. Thus the angry politicians of Fiance called England the felon ally of that country. These were the words of anger and passion. M". Thiers himself avoided all such invective ; but, never- theless, as a Frenchman he would have been glad if England would have taken some effective share in piocuring peace. The course ot affairs, however, probably showed that it was not of any avail to interfere in a situation of great danger, where no immediate means were accessible. It is pleasant, therefore, to see the great statesman of France adopting the language ot warm recognition, such as is always in harmony with the sentiment of great men. Paltry politicians of course snarl at every, distinguished man, and surely M. Thijois has received in all quarters sufficient proof, of the ignoiant malignity of the nations of Europe. It is greatly to his honour that he has maintained the dignity of his station, and looked forward to the course of events in future times to harmonise the state of Europe with the interests of France. It is rather remarkable to see what pains some' nations take to show that England is not a military power, and can do nothing. They do not make this declaration in order to approve of her abstinence in the case of France, but to insist on her impotence as a nation. We have seen some score statements of the vast power of llussia ready to swallow up the empire of Great Britain ; and, to make this more clear, England is represented as about to lose her In- dian territories to the Russian monarchy. There is one gi eat error which all these speculators adopt. They judge of military force by num- bers on the roll. They do not judge of the spirit of the nation, of their power of concentra I tie-», of their invincible courage, or of the conti- guity of their force to the scene of action. No one indeed can tell what will be the result of war; hut until that result is declared it is ridiculous to coinp2re the Cossacks of the Don with the disciplined soldiers who will have to be heard before the dispute is finished. This, however, is leaving oui of the question what is always to he considered i>f some importance, the navy of England, and the i^eans of trans- port possessed by her merchant marine. The foreign armies, said to create a peril io the power of England, have some few affairs of their own which require close attention. France is by no means an extinguished Power. She has learnt a lesson of patience, and will find her account in a pacific policy, but a million men in a compact territory like France, if net strong for aggression, are powerful for defence. Austria, the old ally of England, is able to do something. Even the Turkish Empire is not without its elements of force. There is not, therefore, that absolute peril to England which some seem to pretend from isolation or from impotency. The history of war is a constant warning against presumption. " Not by might, nor by power," is the language of Holy Writ. It was a statement of Napoleon that Providence always favours the heaviest battalions ; but his own history is a continual warning against the preeumptuops notion. The ruin of ;a people is ''pride Sn'd' cruelty. 'Not "knowing when to hold back their hand or to I show mercj, the time comes when the reaction of success recoils upon thofie who hive won it. Napoleon requiied only about twelve years to win the world and to lofee it, to see his proud array of marshals meit into obscurity, and to find his grand combinations turned into foolish" ness. He, the masttr mind, that knew how to wield hundreds of thousands of men, and so to direct tfiem that they should not want a whip or a stirrup, saw all that proud array meit into confusion. Ana so it will be with every nation that delights in war, or refutes peace. In his famous history of Napoleon, M. THIE11.S lays down this principle, that up to a certain point the policy of Napoleon, considering his position as the child of revolution, was sagacious and moderate ; but the Spanish war was wholly immoral, and in consequence of this it became a wretched failure. He observed that Napo- leon before that time waa successful, and he deserved to be ; afterwards he was unsuc- cessful, and he deserved to be. This, of course, is the sentiment of a Frenchman, but it is one that every statesman ought to lay to ' heart. We do not apprehend much harm from the present movements near India. They will require watching, and need a vigorous pro- tection. But it is not to the interest of a great Empire to bo without care, to have all things running smooth, soldiers giving themselves up to every kind of dissipation, and the whole nation sinking into one Btate of corruption. A certain amount of fear is Bahitary to every people. It is well that they should have a just appreciation of each other, and a consciousness that any violence or cruelty will find in the force of the nations an avenger. France of course smarts under the severity of that penalty which has befallen her ; but the resolute course she has taken to adjust her revenue to her expenditure must have raised, her in the eyes of all nations. It is extremely gratifying to those who wish well to their' fellow-men, of whatever nation, to see cordiality increased hy mutual sacrifices, and especially by the harmony of two great Powers like those oí* England and France. 1 I = No time has been lost in the sister colony in lajing before Parliament all the correspondence on the Border duties question, including the convention actually executed by the Minister of this colony, and transmitted on the 3rd instant for execution by Victoria. These documents were published in the Herald yesterday. On the 15th February last, when the Vic- torian and South Australian delegates were about leaving Sydney, they held a kind of second conference with Mr. Pakkes and Mr. Samuel, as representing this colony, whereat it was agreed, in older to settle the Border duties difficulty, that New South Wales should receive, in lieu of collecting the duties, an annual sum of £75,000, less £7000, the esti- mated amount of duties of exports from this colony into Victoria. The actual amount of collections from February 1, 1872, to February 1, 1873, had proved to be £73,682 3s. 7d. The payment of the net sum of £68,000, after allowing £7000 for the amount of duties receivable by Victoria, as already ex- plained, was tobe divided between Victoria and South Australia-£54,000 by the former, and £13,500 by the latter. The Victorian Ministers stipulated that if the aiticle tobacco should be found to come over the borders in quantities to interlere seiiously with the revenue derived lrom that article, it should be excepted from the operation of the proposed treaty, and only admitted in bond, or on payment of duty. In other Tesper.ts the provisions of trip ngr»om cf li>B7 «ero to Le uiacucally applied. On'reaching Melbourne the Victorian Min- ister transmitted to Sjdney a diaft agreement for approval which contained some provisions in excebs of the original arrangement-such, for example, as a provision that Victoria should be entitled to the duties collected on goods in, bonded warehouses on the tributaries of the Murra)-to which our Government could not consent. Then Mr. Parkes raised objections to the charges imposed under the Diseases in Stock Act on horses, cattle, and sheep crossing into Victoria from this colony. This led to some rather sharp correspondence between the two celonies. Finally the Go- vernment Border Duties Bill was passed into law, with a kind of model agreement in a schedule to the Act, and provisions enabling the Government to vary the terms of agreement, so long as the variations were not inconsistent with the terms of the schedule. It appears from the correspondence now published," that on the day after the pro- rogation of Parliament-namely on the 26th of last month, Mr. Parkes telegraphed to Mr. Francis, inviting him to an agreement, and giving up practically his objections to the charges on stock under the present Victorian Act, which expires on the 31st Decem- ber, this year, or at the end of the next ensuing session of Parliament. The Chief Secretary of Victoria replies to this invitation in a long letter dated April 30th, suggesting a number of amendments, some of which are of a veiy material character, and broached now for the first time in the pro- tracted negotiations that have occupied the past twelve months. We desire to call attention to some of these proposed amendments. It is plain enough irom the correspondence before us that it was in the power of Mr. Francis, a fortnight ago, to have terminated the Border difficulty by simply signing a convention embodying the teims of his oiyn arrangement, which was l}ing before him and awaiting his signature. Instead of doing that he raises new obstacles, The fifth clause of the convention provides for the adjustment of the sum to be paid by Victoria in the event of new duties being imposed by the New South Wales Pailiament. The Premier of the sister colony wishes this to be done only if the new duties be " in excess of the rates of duty now chargeable in Victoria." The eighth clause of the convention provides " that the Govern- ment of Victoria shall afford all customary facilities for the transport under bond of goods destined for consumption in New South Wales to the river Murray." Nothing could be more fair and reasonable. Mr. Francis has consented to compound for the duties hy paying a lump sum equal to the amount collected under the New South Wales tariff. Surely all " customary facilities " should be afforded under the proposed agreement for the New Seuth Wales consumers to obtain their goods in bond from Melbourne, and so pay 5 per cent, ad valorem on our banks of the Murray, instead of 20 per cent, ad valorem in Melbourne. We do not believe the people of Victoria would wiih to make a profit out of this neighbourly transaction. But Mr. Francis proposes that the following words should be added to the clause, " Unless such a courte be found to be prejudicial to the reyen^ rof Victoria ' in" respect " to"" goods on' ' which ratea of duty are higher ia Victoria than in' , New South Wales." These words would of course entirely, destroy the effect of the clause. It would be more cundid and business-like to expunge i' altogether, and leave Victoria at liberty to insist upon all duties being paid in Mel- bourne. Whilst these vexatious impediments to a settlement are being ingeniously created the Border people are still suffering. But we trust the blame will be visited where it ia justly due. Public Holiday.-It is announced in the Government Gazette, published yesterday, that Wednesday, the 28th instant, will bo obsoivcd as a public holiday iu tho Government' Department«, in liou of Saturday noxt, tho anniversary of tho birthday of hor Most Gracious Majesty. JESupreme Cotjbt. - Business This Day. Banco Court: Hurley v. Grovillo, part hoard ; Holdsworth v. Pockloy. Loxton v. Livingston, Podan v. M'Elhono. Master's Ofiiro, at 11 a.m. : Hosking v. Mitchell and others, adjourned state of faoLs. District Court,-Cause for this day, 21st May, Egan v. Stanton, THE MELANESIAN MISSION.—The Incumbert of St. Mark's, Darling Point, invites the friends of this mission to a special service to-morrow evening. The new Bishop (designate) the Rev. J. R. Selwyn, M.A., will be present and deliver an address. It is scarcely necessary to mention the fact that this gentleman, on hearing of the violent death of the late Bishop Patteson, at once offered himself to the mission as his successor. Mr. Selwyn is the son of the Bishop of Lichfield, and, we believe, a native of New Zealand. He is accompanied by the Rev. J. Still, who was for some time Mr. Selwyn's curate in a large parish at Wolverhampton. Both these gentlemen leave by the Hero for Auckland on Saturday. A Distant Relation.--At the Water Police Court, yesterday, a femalo witness, a nativo of tho Groen Isle, under examination by Mr. Roborts, informed tho Bench that tho defendant's wifo was a distant relation of hers. Being pi cased for an explanation, sho said sho could not soy precisely what tho degreo of affinity was; but tho defendant's wifo's grandmother's fathor waa married to hor mother's uncle. Tho answer caused n good deal of morri | nient in Couit. I The Condemned Prisoners at Bathurst. The Exccutive have had under consideration the case of Mrs. M'Aveeney, the old woman who pleaded guilty to the charge of having murderoe her husband, Patrick M'Aveeney, at Pulpit Hill ; and the case of the youth James Sheridan, alias Murray, who at the same assizes at Bathurst was found guilty of the murder of James Aston at Kangarooby. With regard to both of those unhappy persons, it has been decided that the extreme penalty of the law shall be inflicted. Mrs. M'Aveeney is said to be nearly seventy years of age, while Sheridan is little more than seventeen. Parramatta.-The nomination for an alder- man to fill (lib vacancy in the Council by tho death of Alderman Williams, who represented Anderson "Ward, look placo at tho Court-houso yesterday. His Wordliip tlid Mayor (Mr. H. Taylor) acted ns returning-ofllcor, and rend the advertisement calling tho meeting, and then tho t nomination papers. Mr. Itobort Adam Eitchio wns nominated-by Messrs. C. Byrnes, "W. Byrnes, "W. Goodin, G. Smith, J. Golled'go, S. Burço, B. Leo, and B. Gill. ( Mr. Edmund Mason . was nominated by Mossrs. It. 0. Entier,' G. Eogers, J. Ferguson, J. Taylor, E. L. Rowling, J. Creasy, It. Dunn, S. Barber, nndT. Ashby. Those were th'e only two candidatos, nnd they addressed tho rate- payers. Tho poll was fixed for Monday next, the 20th inslnnt.1 ' Mission Work in New Zealand.-A most ' interesting nnd instructivo lecturo with reference to this subject ¡was dolivcred on Monday evoning, tho 19th instant, by tboÊov. Archdeacon Clarke (of Now Zealand), in the St. Silas's day schoolroom, Waterloo, the proceeds o£ which wero to? bo devoted to the Sunday-school. Tho meeting wns numerously attended, and passed off most satis- factorily. The Rev. Mr. Brennan, of St. Paul's, Eedfern, presided. Mr. Clarke said ho desired to tako his hoarors bnck to tho time when New Zealand was first discovered, and from that point ho gavo a very full account of tho lnbours of tho mission, referring moro particularly to tho lifo of tho Eev. Mr. Marsden, and tho good Bishop Solwyn. Tho Maoris who had once nccepted tho Gospel truths wero most scrupulous in tho observance of tho Sabbath-tho rev. lectmer giving numerous instances whero its strict obEervanco had caused them serious loss. Many of their suporslitious rites and ceremonies havo boon abolished. Churches, erected nnd supported by tho Maories, aro in nearly every township, and to each of which is attached a native minister. They hnvo established n Synod, which is conducted on tho customary principio. As proofs of thoir natural ability, thero aro at present five Maori members iu Parliament and one in tho Cabinot. At tho close; n vote of tbankB was given to tho rev, lecturor, and a similar voto w.o OTrArdcd to tlio ohairman. . The] N. S. W. Academy of Art. - The monthly meeting of tho council of tho New South Wales Academy of Art took tplaco at tho Freo ' Public Library yesterday afternoon; Mr. E. L. Montefiore (tho vico " prosiden|t) in tho chair. - A draft report was read aiid agreed to ns proper to bo laid before tho forthcoming annual public i£eotiug of tho society for adoption. It was further settled jthat tho said annual meeting Bhould bo held on Wednesday noxt, tho 28th instant. It was also understood that tho' prizes, medals, and certificates should then bo handed over to tho parties to whom thoy havo recently been awarded by tho judges. The N. S. W. Institute, of Architects. Tho monthly meoting of tho Instituto of Architects of New South Wales took place yesterday evening, in tho Board-room of tho Freo Public Library; tho president, Mr. G. A. Mansfield, boing in tha chair. Tho minutes of the piovious meeting wcro read and confirmed. Tho first busi- ness of ,tho meoting was tho consideration in detail of n " bill regulating tho constniction of buildings and party 1 walls, and foi preventing inischiof by Aro in tho city of Sydney and portions of tho suburbs thoreof." Tho two first clauses wero agreed to. In tho third clause Mr. M'Bcnth moved that tho last proviso for exempting buildings in possession of tho Go- vernment bo struck out. After some discussion the proposed amendment was agreed to-said nmondmont, with all othors now to bo mado, to bo submitted, in tho form off a suggestion, to tho Municipal Council. In tho fourth clause-providing for plans &c.; to bo submitted to tke Municipal Council-some discussion of a conversational character ensued, and tho following words wera struck out: "And all expenses incurred in obtaining tho approval of the Municipal Council as aforesaid." A verbal amendment was also mado in tho sanio proviso, to tho effect that feds " should bo paid in accordanco with tho terms of echedulo 9." Clauso o. Notico of building, or alteration of building, to bo givon to surveyor, Sovoral of tho members present thought that tho penalty; of £20 for dofault would bo excessivo in most cases, and wcro moro favourablo to a discretionary power in fining,-not less than £5 or moro than £20." It was also agreed thnt tho fees inllicted ought to bo double, not treble, as in tho clause as read. Mr. Ryan thought that thrco days' notico was too long a period, ¡and that twonty-four hours' notico would bo amply sufficient. Mr. Rowo concurred in thnt opinion. Ino president and Mr. M'Beath however differed, and tho tinco days' notico was allowed to stand. It was next una- nimously resolved that the clauso making it obligatory to notice ot a chango of (ho builder, &c;, bo struck out. In clnuso 7 (entry on premises for purpose of survoying works) it was resolved that tho proposed penalty for abusivo lan- guage to inspecting officer should be not loss than £2, or moio than £10. In clauses 8,9, and 10, no amondmont was proposed. The further discussion of tho bill was postponed. till Tuesday nest. Persian Famine : The Rev. Fr. ArakelianC-: An Armenian Eonian Catholic priest, Superior of tho R. C. Armenian Mission at Ispahan, arrived in Sydnoy a few days bince from India, via Melbourno, being com miEsitincd by his Eminence tho Armonian Patriarch, or " Cntholicos," at Constantinople (Anthony Petor IX., the Most Rev. Dr. Hossoun,) to appeal to oil charitable porsons on behalf of the distressed Christians of Persia, oxposed to starvation from tlio dreadlul famino that still prevails in íl'nt most unhappy and ill-governed country. Tho Bov. Mr. Arakelian, although evidently an Oriental, speaks English and French -with tho greatest fluency, and is woll able to describe the dreadful tnibcry ho is so anxious to seo relieved. Ho brings with him credentials under tho hand and seal of the " Cntholicos," who is tho immediate hoad of his particular branch of tho Christian Church-in full communion with tho Seo of Eomc. The rev. gentleman has been directly recognised by tho authorities of tho Boman'Cntholic Chuich m this colony. Ho is now collect- ing alms in this city for the poor unhappy Christians of Persia, who aro dying by hundreds of want, and of all thoso maladies and miseries which famine rendors prevalent. This Armenian priost's credentials appear to nave been viewed, and his mission cordially supported by tho différant Roman Catholic prelates of the three Indian Presidencies, and by numerous Protestant clergymen-especially Angli- cans and Presbyterians. The letter of the Cathohcoa (dated from Constantinople on the 23rd of Juno, 1871) is an interesting and affecting document, the authenticity of which bccms to be sclf-evidont, and is vouched for by persons resident in this city who aro in every way com- petent to form an opinion. Mr. Arakelian received many contributions from the charitable in Victoria, and hopes to be enabled to forward from this colony similar alms from the Modem Land of Gold to Ancient Persia. Thunderbolt's' Bbvolveb.-The Fiji Gazette has the fcllowing:-"Somewhatof a curiosity is announced for raffle at Messrs. Lazarus and O'Connell's, and, if genuino (which we aro assured it is), there will doubtless be a rush for it. It is no less than a revolver, which it ia asserted wnB'the property of tho notorious ' Thunderbolt.' Eovolvers aro becoming historical. Tho celebrated revolver of poorBurko lies in tho Museum st Melbourne; and tho ono'belonging to the bushranger Thunderbolt willvory" : likely" iako its place in same collection of 'ouriosities'in dus country which may perhaps form the nucleus of the future national muséum of Fiji f !" Tub ANota French TitrATY op CutvtP^rf* -The'Pans Correspondent of ¿Lo i mi »i slates that ti lull approving tho Anglo F.uich Commercial ÄoUvwa! distnbutcd among tho mombais ol tin Assomblym, r»i luarj 21 1 ho preamble of the bill, windi h si 'no3 bv M aiuorK,aflci annljsimrthonow uraniroiiionN miradura! I." tho ti only, sajs - In f ,ct, tho tro.ly Mill oxcißso I happv iiifluenco upon tho commun ii iclitionsot 1 riL» and England, and will permit us in e m oquonco of al almost immediate apphciliou of tin. laud's inim mr it, iii tho law of the 2QU> ol lui,, to ineronso the .S os Ä Ireoaury When Lnglond, out of ,égard for Trinco W justly biiorificed hoi denton principles, wo aro millions«I Î» consider that the friendship of olhoi countnos will notf.o us, and that thoy v, 11 show thomsohesuot ess oa"-or thT tho llret commeionl nation in Europe m seconding us in combinations impoaod by miporious noooasih n,» now convention, as is well understood, will not disturb th» commercial habits of tho two counlnos Xho bilanooIf oxchaugo will not suffor any disturbinco NovorthoW tho commercial )c//>inc is modified on ono notublo noint Whilo reciprocity and oijualit} appoir lobe tho general con ditions of any convention, England has consontod to suh nut to nn inequality If tho Assembly dosiros it, England consents to submit to a differential duty which would affont her exclusively According to tho toni of tho troatv ita obligations fall immediately on her, and sho could rum rouslj bo compollcd lo paj all tho now duties, though thor aro not paid by othor nations Wo could hardly cxnoot that England would givosuchan oxainplo but En«knä has nobly understood that, tho now taxes being purolv fiscal, her economical principles would not provont hor making a sacrifico foi Ti meo under tho circumstances Snell truly friendly conduct will bo pioporlj appreoiatod br Franco ' ' Wallaroo Football Club-Tho third annual general mooting of this club was hold at the Orford Hotel, on Tnday, tho 16th instant Tho secretary submitting his report, congratulated tho membors upon ths success of tho past season, the club hiving played pix first-class matches, and having boon only once defeated, and also upon tho financial position of the club It waa docidcd to award distinguishing can* to tho fivo most oncrgotio playors of last soason-tho comnnttoo being ompowored to award similar bid"»« \°«ay playors vi ho may distinguish thomsolves hereafter Tho following gentlemen vero unanimously olootoi cora mitteomcn for tho ensuing yenr -Mr It A Arnold (secretary), Mr I" Campboll (treasurer), Mr T Brown Mr W G B liloy.andMr B Young A voto of thank« wob passed to tho Mayor and Colonol Richardson for their kindness and couitesy m allowing the club the uso of Mooro Pnrk and tho Military and Civil Ground, and als« to tho offico-benrors of tho past season, after which ths meeting terminated Loss of Life on the Tamar.-The Cornwall Chronicle of tho 10th instant says :-Thoro onn bo littlt doubt but that two moro lives havo been lost by the capaá. ing of n sailing boat in tlio Uiver Tamar last wcok. Ono of tho missing mon, Joseph Innard, was well known hero a« tho keeper of Mr. Ackennan's floating baths, at tho Soutk Ef.k BndgCj for several years past. Ho had loft Mr. Aokor mnn's service to proceed to the iron mines on the Weit Tnninr, with tho viow of establishing himself there as g waterman. Ho has boon absent from Launceston about ten or twelvo days, and on Saturday Mr. Coulter, suporfo» tendent of police, received tho following telegram from chief district constable Simpson, of Georgo Town :-" Two mon, Joseph Innard and William John Budd, loft Ilfrncombo on Wednesday in tho sailing bort Annio Laurio, to proceed to Launceston. Tho boat lins since bcon found washed ashoro on Middlo Island flats. It is supposed thnt sho capsized, and that both men are drowned. The boat was at ono time the property of Mr. Hurst, surveyor. She is now in tho possession of tho police, and appears to be but slightly injured. Innard wa« dressed in black coat, moleskin trousers with patokos on thighs, and black vest. Ho had a £,5-noto with him, a silver watch with tho point off tho hour- hand. Budd was dressed in blnck coat, striped tweed vest, worsted cord troiiBcrs ; had n chequo drawn by Captain Longdon, for £9 ISs. lid. ; ho had also some silvor coin." The Annio Lnurio bolongs to young Mr. Day, watchmaker. Po»r Innard saved many lives of children who fell into tho rivor near tho Soutk Esk ßridgo during the timo ho was ia chnrgo of the floating baths. The Bingera Diamond Fields. -We leam from, tho correspondent of the Tamworth Weekly Naos that Westcott and M'Cnll havo commenced diamond gotting again. They have just finished washing thoir first pug-mill of 9 londs,"from which they obtained tho voryfair yield of thirty-seven or thirty-eight diamonds. Thoy wore all gcniB of good water, anil without flaw, varying from hulf a grain to 2 grains, and aro to bo forwarded to tho | Bank of New South Wales, Tamworth. This is only con- sidered a fair yield, as thoy have lind several machines with nonrly doublo tbo number. It is a good pnynblo washing, and they seem satisfied. On account of tlio groat quantity of fino sand in tho dirt, it has hitherto boon tedious to Bluico, as tho sand mado tho gravel sot hard in tho boxoj. This has boen remedied by John Westcott's Separator. It consists of a sheet of perforated iron (20 holes to tho inch), nnd a slide, both inclining in oppoaito directions. It stands on rockors, and as tho stuff is thrown on tho hopper it is forced through by rocking and water that comos through a ' siovo overhead. By this process the lino sand is separated from the dirt containing tho diamonds, and it also makes it light and loose for sluicing. King's Island.-II. M. C. S. Victoria, Lieu- tenant H. Stanley, R.N., arrived at Warrnambool on Sunday, 11th May, nt 8 a.m. (tho Warrnambool Standard reports) " from a survoying cruise to King's Island. Sha left Lndy Bay on April 30, and sinco that timo had nothing but gales or strong breezes from tho north-west, accompa- nied with squalls of rain or hail, so that sho was unabloto loavo tho nnchorngo at New Year Islands, except for one , , day, during tho whole of that poriod. Two anchors wore down, and sometimes »loam was got up in caso Iho chain* should part. Whilo at tho anchorago the Victoria savod from total wreck tlio schooner Heleno, 140 tons, of Mel- bourne. Lioutonant Stnnloy informs us that tho Victoria brought a line of soundings across from King's Island, leaving (ho anchorago thoro nt tho samo timo as tha schooner. The steamer loft Warnambool again for King's Island on the 12th, at half-past 7 a.m., and will rotura ta Melbourne in about ten days. The Last Ghost Story.—The Forbes Times relates the following story of a stump :—"Not a hundred miles from Forbes a lady had recently lost her husband by death, and after the first ebullitions of grief were over, set to work to arrange the business affairs of her decoased partner. The absence of some letters which were supposed to exist caused her considerable anxiety ; high and low they were sought for but all in vain, until at last the discon- solate and anxious widow was thunderstruck by the consciousness that the departed one was at her side. Seeing the cause of her perplexity, and conscious of his power to put things to right, he led his erstwhile wife to a stump at the rear of the premises ; put in his hand, and drawing out the missing letters handed them to her. In the exuberance of her new-fledged joy she began to be demonstrative, but she was reminded in sepulchral tones that prying eyes and ears were observant of the interview, and seeing that she had the letters safe, he departed whence he came. ïhe search for Coal in Victoria. Nothing could bo more advantageous to the interests of the colony (says the Melbourne Argus) than tho oponing up of a remunerative coal-field. From tho indications ' which present thouisolves in so manv localities, and indeed, judging fiom tho conl which has already boen obtained, thero can bo but little doubt that good coal-ûolos do exist in "Victoria. Hitherto, howover, tho coal doposits which havo been discovered havo only been worked at or near the outcrop, and no systematic endeavour has ovor been mado to trace them to vvhoro tho disjointed soami might bo expected to bocomo thicker and moro valuablo, , or to ascertain tho oxtont of our carboniforous formations. The recent high prico which coal has attained, and tho comparativo uncertainty of tho supply havo, hoivovor, impressed upon tho attention of the Govornmont tio great importance of this subject. When tho Chiof Secretary was at Sydnoy, during tho late Intercolonial Conference, ho requested Mr. Parkos to allow Mr, John Mackenzio, the Govornmont Examtnor of coal-fields in Now South Wales, to visit Vic» torin, for tho purpose of examining and reporting on ths ' coal-fields of this colony, with a view of informing tho Government whether, in his opinion, coal exists in suffi «ionf fjunniities and under such conditions as to justify the expectau'aa that tho seams con bo worked to a prout. At that timo Mr. Mnckenzio could not bo spaicd from hi» official duties in the neighbouring colony. Wo now loarn, howover, that his Government has consented to his visiting Victorin, and that ho may bo expected hero in tho course of a month. Mr. Mackenzie is a gentleman of great practical > experience, and his report upon our coal deposits can hardly fail to bo of tho most interesting and valuable description. Ho has seen specimens of the coal found in Victoria, and, without committing himself to any definite conclusion, ho hos expressed an opinion that thero must bo good seams of coal somewhoro in tho neighbourhood of whore theao speci» ? mens woro found. "Leah the Forsaken."-On Saturday night and during tho last two ovonings, Miss Adelaido Bowrise has appeared at the Victoria Theatre, in the drama or " '' Leah iho Forsaken." Although not ono of this lady"» leading impersonations, her performance of Leah is ex- cellent, Tho part is ono affording a wide scopo for Mis» Bovvring's versntilo talent, and bho was orninoutly successful in her rendition of the unfortunate and trusting Jowe8s. Leah's aU-absorbing love, her despair and hatred, were ably pourtrayoa, ana tho last scene was most impressive. Miss Bowling received a flattering recognition during each ovo ning ', and Mr. Charles Young as tho Doctor, Mr. W. O. Carey as Rudolph, Mrs. Charles Jones as Darno Groschon, Miss Lizzio Morgan as Anna, and Miss Maggie Oliver «* Rose, came in for a fair share of applause. Mr. Young, as Dr. i ¡ Ludwig was as humorous as over, and kept the audiono» thoroughly amused. The part of Rudolpho is not on» exactly suited to Mr. Carey, but ho had ovidontly master»! I it by careful study, and gave a very satisfactory ropresent» ation. Mr. Rainsford, ob Nathan, tho apostate, vn» tolerable, his tendency to " rant " somowhat maning ni» effort«. Mr. Martin, as Hans, had comparatively littlo» i do, but it was well done, and the audienco were not slow u» appreciating his humour. To-night East Lynne will » produced. 'School, of Abts.-The Kennedys opened* new programme last night, to a crowded audience,jw, / ¿ .'were.kept amused from first tof last; Mr., KeMj«rf>t¡ I ^charactcrislic songs and humorous gtdrlcs wore IrreMstiinsk and the Misses Kennedy and Mr. James Kennedy wow «.» very successful. 