THE POPES PAINTED BY THEMSELVES. By Rev. Napoleon Roussel, Minister of the Reformed Church of France, When you hear a man defamed — are told that a man is a tliicf, a scoundrel — you are right to suspend your judgment until you obtain more ample information, for he may have been calumniated ; hut if the man himself should in bland terms boast of the crimes laid to his charge, would you then doubt of his guilt? No, certainly not ; and this for the very simple reason, that he bore witness against himself. Tho confession of tlic culprit, then, being the most conclusive proof of guilt, it is from the records left us by the Popes, that we intend to study the Papacy. We shall say nothing of these gentlemen — they shall tell their own tale. We are about to consult, not a Protestant historian, hut a Jesuit author ; our quotations will not be borrowed from a, book printed at Geneva by Calvin, hut from medals struck at Rome during the reigns of tho Popes whose high misdemeanours they commemorate. These medals aro in our possession ; tliey coine to us from a friend who purchased them from the friends.- of liis Holiness. But as wo do not claim to bo believed on our hare assertion, we beg the reader to refer, at the Royal Library of Paris, to a work entitled, Numismata Ponti- Jiciim, a P. Philippo Bonnani, Societatis Jesu. Roma:, 1629, 2 vols. 4to. ; a work which had the sanction of the General-iii-Cliicf of the order of Jesuits, and that of the Pope's Chancellor Apostolic. In that work will he found, faithfully reproduced by, a Jesuit, and among a great number of other medals, those we have in our hand, and which we,, in our turn,' shall proceed to place before the eyes of ' our readers. Tho more incredulous will do well to go to Rome, where all these medals will bo sold to them for money by the Pontifical money changers, except tlic last ; for we understand that the Pope, aware of the use made of it against him, has given orders forits destruction. To supply its place, however, they have but to go to the Vatican, where, in an immense paint ing, the horrible scone of St. Bartholomew's massacre proudly displays itself. Having given our authorities, let us proceed to an examination of the Papal medals, struck by the Popes, in. honour of the Popes, and in the city of the Popes. We shall then have justified our title — " The Popes, painted, by, themselves." The author here gives a fac simile of tho medals to whicli lie afterwards refers. Before presenting the. Sovereign we shall first produce his throne, and then make him mount it. One of the two sides of this medal needs no explanation : it exhibits the features of Alex ander VII., and serves as a signature to tho picture wc are now going to study on the other side. 'By the exergue (the motto around the picture) we see that the principal object represented in this scene is tho seat itself, designated as the "Rule, of faith, and the foundation of tho Church." It was not superfluous to engrave such pretensions at full length around the medal, for they would never have been guessed at by a mere inspection of the chair. The eliair itself had been brought, in olden times, from Constantinople to llomo, and on tlio back of it the French, at the time of their expedition under Buonaparte, found this inscription in Arabic, God alone is God, and Mahomet is his Prophet! However, let us not attach too much importance to this little anecdote, but, as says our Jesuit author, apply the titles of the con tainer to its contents — of the Papal seat, to the Pope himself.- Tho rule of faith, then, accord ing to the medal, will be, the word of tlic Popo. I confess, I thought that the rule of faith should rather be' the Word of God. But there is no„ need to dwell upon this trifling usurpation ; wc shall find in wlyit' remains of the picture many other enormities. Neither shall I draw atten tion to those Bishops, Archbishops, or Cardinals placed at the feet of the Holy See ; for nothing is'rnore common than to - see a man place others below him ; hut what appears to me monstrous is; that this seat should he placed exactly above the altar— directly above the cross. ! Is, . then, the throne of the Pope superior to the.throne of Jesus Christ? — Is the 'Pope more than God? This medal would lead us so to "believe ; for observe, that the light of the Holy Ghost, while! it rests abundantly on the scat of the servant, . scarcely reaches the cross' of the Master ; observe, that the, angels— one ' furnished with the keys of paradise, another with the fisher man's ring, and a third kneeling iu sign of adoration — surround, not the altar of the Lord, but the tiai-a of the Pope; lastly, notice that the altar is on tlio earth, and the tiara in the heavens. It must bo owned that here are extravagant pretensions ; so extravagant, that it is difficult to give credence to. them. We shall, therefore, do well to rest charitably in doubt on tho subject, and wait for enlighten ment from the medals that follow. We have seen the throne vacant, in the next it is filled. And by whom? By Martin V., whose like ness is on the reverse of this second medal. On our right we see the three dignitaries of the Church, standing as mere spectators; in the centre, two Cardinals, in the act of placing the tiara on the head of the Sovereign whom they have just nominated ; and lastly, higher up, we read these words which explain the scene, "Whom they create, they adore." The man who is kneeling acts out this principle, and him self adores the monarch whom the cardinals enthrone. Now, I see but two possible explana tions ; cither these Cardinals make of the man Martin, a Pope, and then to adore a Pope is idolatry ; or of the man Martin tliey make a god, and then it is blasphemy. Idolaters or blasphemers take your choice. In any case, the scene of the medal evidently occurs in a Church ; for on the left we perceive an altar and a cross. Here, then, without any risk, it may ,be said, that this man' sits in the house of God, to he therein adored. Now, this fact had been foretold iu tlic Bible ; for St. Paul speaks of one ' " who exalteth himself above all that is called God, or is worshipped ; so that he, as God, sitteth in the temple of God, shew ing himself that he is God." (2 Tliess. ii. 4.) Bub how docs the Apostle describe the man of whom ho speaks, and whom the Pope realizes ? He calls him "the man of sin, the son of perdition !" Let us return to the medals. We have seen the throne, and the monarch, let us now turn our attention to tlic crown. Observe the immense ocean, which three ships, 'freighted with human beings, ai'o traversing — losing themselves iu tho horizon. It is tho grandest, the most beautiful scene in this vast universe ; and yet this scene fades away from our view under tho cross of Jesus Christ. Golgotha commands tho world; the cross is there as a light-house, to warn the 'mariners of rooks and shoals, and direct tliem to the haven of safety. The three holes, which appear in the foot and tlie arms of the cross, eloquently preach Christ, who has died to efface our sins, Christ giving his life to save mankind. This, then, is the second thought suggested by this picture ; thus it is with reason that the cross commands the ocean and the universe. But what do I see above the cross — emblem of the Divinity? The .tiara — emblem of the- Papacy ! The pontifical crown rises to the heavens, whieh deluge it,' with glory. The order of the ideas according to the medal then is this : the ocean commands tho earth, the rock com mands the ocean, the cross commands the rock, and the tiara commands the cross ! Above the land is the sea; above the sea is the rock; above the rock, the cro3S ; above tlie cross, tho tiara! Tlie ocean surmounts the earth only; the rock surmounts both tlie earth and the ocean ; tlie cross surmounts not only the earth and the ocean, but the rook ; while the tiara alone surmounts the earth, the ocean, tlie rook, and tlic cross ! The cross is by -turns dominant and subjected ; the superb tiara suffers no dominant ! The cross — emblem of Deity, sub jects all to itself except the "tiara— emblem of the Popo ; but the tiara subjects all to itself, not excepting Jesus Christ ! Tlie ocean to he sustained, lias need of tlic terrestrial basin ; the rock is guarded by the waves ; the cross itself is supported by the liill ; hut notice tho tiara; it rest on no person or thing ; it sustains itself ! and if any thing touches it, it is tlie glory descending from the heavens. Is there by this time enough to render evident the Papal pretensions ? Not yet. Then attend no longer to the symbols, hut to the words written at full length around the tiara : "All kings shall obey him." Obey whom ? the tiara dominant or the cross subjected ? To find the answer, imagine to yourself tlie little liat of Buonaparte placed on a tcrrestial globe, just over the spot representing France, and suppose you road those words above it, " All kings shall obey him." To whom would you think obedience was promised, to France or to tho Emperor? And when this inscription surrounds the tiara placed above the cross, for whom, in that case, is obedience claimed?, I admit that' there is in the Papal phrase an ambiguity — prudent, hypocritical, perhaps ; let us then interrogate history for liiin who thinks that the answer of the medal is not sufficiently clear. When Calixtus III. claimed as his own certain legal rights over Naples, — endeavoured to place liis nephew on a. throne, — snatched the crown from a monarch by releasing liis subjects from tlieir oatli of alliegance, — did this Pope, liy so doing, appropriate kings to his own service or to tlie service of the cross? If any doubt still remains, it will ho. quickly dissipated by tlio Pope, of Popes, Gregory VII., declaring "that Pope is tlie only name in the world ; that the Pope may depose Empcrois; that all princes kiss his feet, and that he can be judged by no one." Lastly, Hildebrand, in his turn, illus trated his own words by liis conduct, in leaving the Einperor, Henry .IV., whom ho had defcroned, exposed for three days and three nights in the courtyard of his palace, kneeling upon tlie burdened snow, with no other covering than liis shirt ! Was it Jesus, lowly in heart,, or a proud Pope, -whom tho first monarch in tho universe thus obeyed ? Yes, kings have obeyed the false god who reigned at Rome ; aud when these royal servants did. nob kiss, his slipper witli a sufficiently good grace, , we shall see how their divine masters made them feel his authority. (To be continued.) 