JOHN D;` O'SULLIVAN. On Tuesday eveniog, 24th June, inthe 'echool- ro6m,Bentinck-street, the memhbera of All Saints Catholic Church presented the Rev. John D. O'Sullivan, the pastor about to be removed to Melbourie,; with the following address and a purse contain.' ing 60 sovereigns. The school- roomiwas crowded, Mr Elward Owens iin making the' presentation .said:-Ladies` and Gentlethenoi iieed not teUl'you `how delighted I fel.in assisting you. in tiis alight testimonial of our affection to- our Priest, moreso when our sentimaents are eniorsed by somany of ' our Town·i ?cn who slightly differ with us,ii a religious point of view,;.but whilst differing all agree to pay this mark" of respect; to the gentleman' who is about to leave usai I need say nothing further as; thes adrea which I will now read will iam sure echo the feelings end wishes of as all :-?: H He :thoe- read the" address :-To the Revi JohnD. O'Sullivan.x Reverend Sir, -We the undersigned, members of your Portlaiid Congregation and othrs feelidg dee nprthypayin 'your, re'iotal .bis a still 'deeper sense of ''the". able". add energetio wayjin "which y;our / SpiritulI and Pastoral dutiese Ini the Church anid oiil'ngst your people havebeen;perfornr. edr take this mode in the: iresentation'u of this purse. to : express; 'in_ son~e eslght degree, acknowledgement'of our aipprecia tion of your iservices sa sa Christicn Priest; and in biddi?gyteto farewell W? wiahbyonulong life and uontinued 'appre ciation.wherever your services as Pastor may bd required : Aftr rerdiog the'addres M "Owsde thankedithe peopl of Heyoriode for the assistance: restdeed the Portiad l hurch . in briedgngg thedmovemnitt to' sucia :In reply tbe Rev J D.O'Sallltau said: t-1 i'ilwith feeliogd of the deepest regget Ileaievyonf . The sentimen whdiiich yqa htave expreasq de.mI wll WaysW a carry in my heait. .;The love, irespect, -ad friendshlpi'y6o have always'; shoia me and.w.och yon b4ae to night beadttl a deep, impression oe .yn, eart.iAs testimonieasmw hichi: I: Iataer (highl*, far ab vaibe the s'ubstisnt l ' offiridg w.Phc .........m.nes .;protvect, I?iiid r depth of: :feeling;.; hbey 1,will :eer.,be ibsveniis ito me; whether 'treading:the ionely biushtraclikor mingling isitheo ' riy rowded throng of diily;i o,, -. duty callis me to the lonely, 'iek-bedzmld the: forest primeval far from-th.e ndisy hauntacfnmen: - ,2There with natr and natnur's God the throes of sicknessand the w~es of life anroAundingiaenb ti sad' epectaidibldt humanity and may'rel'to? ?y t?il'd t1he -ownaufferines;, sorrows and; trclip :my esteem l yon smy, Portlandfriende vil1 be a solace asid'all hardshipi -and will lucite mi'to kai'the less I foe isp prtidg from, ydou w tow 'I have seen"ad :been among aslarge numbr "of congregations but, 6t' il~';n.) lobyr .[,ill ,ev 'enr th .k's..tay'. ?.g you wasthe. moatcheering., :- __,,;' .If in other respect" thingd looked :not " bright, tih eatsiaof his flocki'is lilkodil to thebriised heatAof the pr isndle cheerful compliance on: your:pact ot: all required:of you by your faith and church was the greatest pleasiure you could afford me 'Thleis ° fact. -'Yon hime alway according toyour power done yoir duty. Let as hope them we may: one day, rreap the reward, grieve: not if' (od'sl+provl dence separatea us here belowi ' Inhedaven we shall all.beunited. Let ;whatever .f intemperate anger has produiced mongg :you tf distrastdrcontention or a breaking of th'e muotal charity which:should be thebond.of all plass away; remembeirwe . are all cbldreo'of-, the:, one .God hnd Father, :redeemed :by :the' Immaculate Lamb; sanctified, by the Holy Ghost, Pour. the' sweet oil of::charityn on .:the waters disturbed by ,,anger,: HeIl .the wround 'which istill:bleed by thehbalalm of loie - and friendiship; i be -steadfast :In your!faith-aid! pity, 'not punish or revile or rebuke or hhrt theleiring ones, seeking toibringthedn ,back as: good shepherds, for over thillt, tones conversions is.more joy than over the perseverance of the :inid linioj fi' dcaer, dear, friends good-. bIe,' il,'ivith' pleajure always remem bei""ou,?.Ih. every moment I may have :ii epotuiinit 'Of thiiking you my:dear eol P(l lii6rtn iilbell be present to my milnd. - ..?:" :): V! . ·.. ' ; ,--'4 , . cesaoiea iyou bhaV been to~ b ways loring rid kiidl toe aothel ?eW ?ays charitable; pod'aidd kind-to all who inky differ fbinomos while steadfastia the faith once leliveplpd3t.he' ,reinta~ hint always rememberh-oaity covers a l mltltude'of sins and then With God's: grae yjeri'will' keep the commnand-Lodv oneaibothor' as I have loved : you., Farewell my dear people, God prosptr jou. Be ieighboutrs each to the other and with heirt Tit feelings.Fathro.O'Sullivan bids you fare wVell, -::"' ", ".. .. . '. Isin also deeply affeete b the hInd- - oessof my :Pirotestant friend It,:will always be a'pleasure tome to :thinl *o have gone on together without anii ill feeling on my piart: and o? the larte omy' congregation.- 'I thank thoem.r hope pl ways there willbe the same mtual frieind ship and feeliii'g among t oie cogregations. You my. kind frionds who .may differ from 'me acceptlmyisincere, and best My very dear kind friends, ladies and. children of.my Portland coogregation-I : thank' youi for, your kindness and, he sentiments you have expreed iltowards me to.night .' -- - .The childrer of Portland can~ i vie th any in the colony. The ladles are all that gentlensos, good "nature, and the ioft dispoesition with which .nature has" en dowed them could be, they are charitatle, good and kind. , . In 'conlusion; I must only say, Father O'Sullivan will ever' remember your af tection and esteem, . Always I will with pleasure think of my connection with Portland. And you, my dear, kind lady friends, you, my dear little children, shall be to Father O'Sullivan a beacon light of 'geodneos, and the remembrance, of your virtues a comfort to him in his'trials. Printed 'and Published by thlo Pro \- prietor WurY niA i Coo-sRat thIe biar dii Oilicr, GOawler-streot;' Portland. 