A TRIP TO FORBES AND CURRAJONG (From our Bathurst Correspondent.) Being at Bushmans the day the Premier was expected from Forbes I drove out in company with the principal men of the place to meet and escort him in like a Roman imperator in triumph to the Capitol. The slave that invariably attended at these Roman pageants was not to seen on this occasion ; and as no voice spoke into the Premier's ear 'Remember thou art human,' it was referable to his own good sense alone that he did not, like Alexander in Dryden's "Feast" " Assume the god, Affect to nod, And think he shook the spheres." JUuring all the intoxications andv fuming of incense of that day 1 narrowly scanned' his countenance, and 1 could never for a moment detect there the external manifestation of the aiiternal notion of the god, the demigod, or the hero. The brow spoke contemplation ; the look was hazy, but compose I ; the mouth was sad and serious ; the whole physiognomy had a dash of the tierce pugnacity of John Bull, with the angelic inspirations of ancient statuary. An affability and condescension, even to the shaking «£ hands with every member of the committee, ?were things commented on by all ; the voice, ?when oncu unchained, came like the egr-ss of\ JZephyrus iroin ^-JiiOlia, proclaiming the orator ot democracy in its volubility, sound, and famili arity ; the chest was such as we may imagina that of Manlius, covered with the wounds he l»ore in his country's battles before his ungrate ful countrymen hurled him from the Tarpeian ' .Rock, from which he had repelled the invading Gauls. Energy and ambition were revealed continuously' under a semblance of childlike carelessness. Such, in my mental estimation, was Mr. Parkes on the day in question. We met .him at Field's public-house — the ivory gate, if I may so term it, of the .Billabong gold iJeld-r-^-f our miles from the town. An ad 'tress was here read to him, on the part of the inha bitants, by Mr. Wallace, introduced by Com missioner .Dalton It was piously hoped that the ricketty little bridge that spans the creek WUU.LIL UUJ.J.tfcJJaO, CfcUVl U11LIO QCUIUC IV AJLVMit U11U XJl its stead ; but as the cavalcade dashed over it ?with a thundering noise that must have vexed . the ghost of Memnpn in the groves of Rhada manthus, . the Premier's attention was .merely called to its insecurity, and it was promised that it would be specially lithographed for the benefit ot the. Cabinet. Possibly when some ?dozen lives are lost there, and the fishes down to Condoboliu shall have grown tired of human . food, a new bridge shall be erected. However that may be, we.. dashed away towards the Bushmans with- the rapidity of lightning. A grand triumphal' arch' was erected at the entrance of the, town, and here another address was presented in presence of 3000 people. After snaking one oi those oracular speeches, which, like that of Delphi to King Phyrrus, might mean 'yes' or 'no,' according to the wish of Mm addressed, Mr. Parkes was driven around the town in forma triuvipliuii. The people were tickled to their hearts' content with his .conde scension, --: especially when lie again addressed them, for the .third time that day, at 4 o'clock, in the central part of the town.' The chairman, in his introductory words, had inadvertently said, 'Ye men of Billabong,'' at which low growls, like the lirst warnings of a volcano, .might' be heard to run through the vast assem blage. Posssibly the astuteness of the Premier divined the cause of the suppressed rumbling : but, whether -or not, scarcely had he littered the. magic word ' Gentlemen, '/when a cheer.. Jake that heard on vSlieve-na-Monin the days of . O'Connell broke forth, and from that, for full two hours,' every sentence was backed by a . cheer. The meeting over, he was then escorted ' i-ack in kingly state, to his hotel, where he sig nified his desire of- having the full statement of local grievances dished up Each was categori cally weighed and noted, to be submitted to 'my colleagues,' and with this stereotyped Ministerial kind of promise the committee, col lectively and singly, went upon their way rejoicing. ' A. -standing grievance with the , residents of the Ourrajong goldlioid is that the mails come by Foibes instead of being transmitted direct from Orange via Boree and Bumbery. The jneinbers of the local improvement committee laid their views before the Premier whilst he was there, and it is rumoured that they have been successful in impressing him with their view of the case. Having travelled both roads, I can safely assort th.M.t the one via Boree is anuoh the shorter. It pusses, too, through a highly agricultural region where settlement cm the lands is daily becoming an established fact — sorely against the wish of the squatters who reside in these line legions. The Uurrajong can ?be ieached from Orange, by the road indiea/ed with perfect security from floods, and iu the saving of time indicated by about twenty- seven miles. There are two important advantages sought to be gained ; but there are two more of no less moment to the Onrrajongites — namely, the traffic of the Bugan stock coming through this Hold, to markets, and the commercial inter course that' would inevitably arise with the numerous free selectors. Orange as well as 'Forbes would have an interest in throwing as many obstacles in the wav of this road as pos sible. There are other places, too. that would like to participate in the benefits of a new road to the Ouvajong — for instance Molong. A local writer from that qui t township recom iinenris that a line of road should \»; selected which, whilst beneliting the people of the Cm rajfong, should tap the Riverine plains and 'divert much of the tr«ttiu of tlie.se regions towards Sydney. The road should, in this -writer's opinion, pass through Molong, thence on to Burrawang, thence to Dilga, and then on to Bftlderagera. Here the main road from Obly to .ForbtB is met -, thence by Coobong to the Currajong. As the country is a dead level from this point westward, a small percentage per mile could form a good road from Gunning Bland, Melrose, Ereineran, and Gilguunia, and thus finally to the Cobar copp' r mines, about sixty miles westward of Fort Bourke. No doubt there is much foresight and wisdom in these remarks, and some, of the reasons for not following the Boree and Buinbeiy routes are ; cogent to myself, who recently travelled over ' that way. The reasons given ate ?:— That the - Boree and Brimedura and Mandag ry creeks have to be bridged ; that any amount of bogs and sloughs, sidelings and marshy swamps have to be traversed — all of which I ! know to my cost. Considering the extra outlay that will be needed, the difference in mileage would be nothing. : ? Whether these various theories be true or false, the people of the Uurrajong prefer the first route indicated, and as they are the most interested parties, 1 hope their wishes will be attended to. I Considering the large population on this dig gings, and the rapid progress made at the same time on the settlement of the circumjacent country, iu seems very lime tnai; is ciemanueu from the Government. Contrast it with the outlay in and around .Sydney, and it is nothing. The hundreds of thousands of pouuds that it will take to hring the railway into the heart of the metropolis and to complete the proposed new Governmental edifices would make hundreds of miles of first class roads in this and other disti-icts, for the want of which trade is para lyzed, and the country in the far interior is languishing away. Are not the present depart mental structures sufficiently commodious for years to come ? Is not the railway quite near enough to Sydney for another generation 1 Let the agitators for such useless expenditure go and see the rude bark huts in which the letters are sorted in the far bush, and the kin is of police departments and magisterial seats of jus tice that are made to do duty, and let them j navigate a bngg3r or punch a team of bullocks through the ruts and sloughs, and camp for a few nights under vehicles bogged to the axle tree, and then all the injustice done the country by Sydney will be manifest to their eyes. They j will then admit that the centralization of every spare shilling in Sydney is one of the great curses of modern legislation, and the cause of the retardation of that prosperity which is so observable in all parts of the interior of Vic toria. . In the last-named colony bad roads are the exception. Good ones abound in every district. Melbourne does not furnish the colony with the majority of representatives as Sydney does New South Wales. More than half our members are Sydney men, and hence the interests of the country at large are systematically set a?ide for the benefit of its capital. In Victoria the law has apportioned the inte rior into shires and road districts, where local works are supplemented by Government aid. These shires comprise within their combined areas no less than half the population of the country— 350,000 inhabitants— and 4,600,000 acres of land. All the roadmaking is left to those who understand where they (tits roads) are wanted, and how they are to be made. Hence it is well worth the labour of a short pilgrim age thither, on the part of our rulers, to go and see and learn experience in the art of intercom munication. But it is useless to pursue this train of thought, for, after all, the people are to blame themselves. If the people of the Lachlau read aright the lesson of 10,000 Greeks, in defence of justice and liberty, trampling on a million Persians, they would v»te for local men, and never degrade their cause by electing strangers — and, worst of all, that inflated politi cal windbag, David Buchanan. If, instead of fumigations and burning of incense and filling with money the wallet of that mountebank in politics, they came forth upon the road and -measured their ruts with his longitude and lati tude, and promised him a repetition of the treatment every time he went there unless he agitated for their repair, there would be better roads. No doubt, being one of those natureB that delight in agitations — a man of wh rlwinds and boisterous storms, the ylory of whose life is war, and the breath of whose nostrils is the hissing of the political sirocco, he would feel but little such practical arguments for urging him to advocate his constituents' rights. Well, then there is another mode of procedure : take the first opportunity to relegate him to Jericho, and elect a local man to take his place. And now I must draw to the end of my jour ney. We will have a grand ball and supper, howfver, before we part. It was given by the people in honour of Mr. Parkes at Mr. Murphy's hotel, and a very excellent one it was. Over one hundred sat down to table ; and after hun ger was appeased, and the savoury dishes were removed, the thirst came on most furiously. Champagne and sherry, and aU the beverages you could think of, flew around in huge bumper*, and every face was jovial and beam ing with delight. The Premier made no less than three oracular orations, which seemed to give universal plea sure ; for those at the bottom of the long table, who afterwards confessed they did not under stand one word of what was spoken, were the most uproarious and demonstrative at cheering and clapping of hands. Where the disposition exists nothing else is needed ; and all would have been as merry as. Byron's ' Feast at Brus selis.' only for a wretch of a woman who came to the back of the room and uttered, at the pitch of her Amazonian lungs, *' What about the Iviama Ghost V' The shrill elfin sound came like the first boom ot Marshal Noy's cannon on night of the ball at Brusaells ; and, -whilst the hero of the observation sat as unconcerned as Wellington, all the rest of us got into a terrible state of llusterfication Some ran here, some there — this one asserting it was that drunken 'Shuler Toin,' and that one saying it was a lot of boyish scamps ; but I, who read that a woman lighted the torch of fche oonapiraton} ia the days of Harmodius as in the time of Cata line, in the first French Revolution as well as in the Commune of Paris, am firmly of opinion that a woman was the cause of that ruction, that night, at the supper, as well as of all other ructions — past, present, and to come. 