Queensland. The Peak Downs paper reports: " On Thursday riiglit, about 10 o'clock, it was discovered that fire had broken out in the big stope near Thomas's .Shaft, on the Peak Downs Copper Mining Company's ground. All efforts to extinguish the flames have hitherto been unsuccessful, as none of the men could remain in the mine owing to the intense heat, dense smoke, and fumes of sulphur. Yesterday morning early Captain Dennis, with a party of miners, v.-ot down the shaft, but were unable to remain from the causes stated above. It still rages fiercely, nd some fifty or sixty miners have been shifted to other parts of the mine. The fire is eonfined to that part of the mine between Thomas's and Joubert's shafts, and fortunately does not materially, interfere with the working of the other portions of the mine. Another fortunate circumstance is that the portion of the mine where the fire is raving has been nearly all worked out. It is surmised th tf this disaster is the result of one of the miners carelessly leaving his candle burning near some of the timber, which Is extremely dry, and thus would easily catch fire There are «oiue hundreds of tons of timber, in this portion of the miue. The ladders in the ladder shaft attached to Thomas's Shaft have been totally destroyed, and the shaft has caved in." A LADY'S STUFFING—The Leader relates that two ladies were recendy having their photographs taken by a Collins-street Melbourne artist, when the alarming discovery was made that ihedress improver of one only threw the drapery out a foot, while the other had here projecting to the regulation extent of e'ghteen inches. The artist, being appealed to, had to acknowledge himself short of femin ne deceptions; but on being pressed suggested the use of a window blind. The offer was thankfully accepted, and the ladies, retiring behind the screen for a few minutes, reappeared with the necessary alteration perfected. The sitting up so much time that both ladies and artist forgot all about the loan of the window blind, and it was only when the former were entering a shop on the block that it v as brought to their recollection by a passing gentleman saying to the fair borrower, " I beg pardon madam, but this I think belongs to you!" handing her as he spoke her late stuffing. With a presence of mind that bespoke the true lady, she said, " Thanks. You are very good. Will you complete your kindness by taking it in to Mr— the photographer next door. He lent it to me just now to assist my dress'improver," and then turned away, with the responsibility thrown on him. OIDIUM, APHIS, BLIGHT, AND FLIES.— A corresj ondent of the A ustralasian says :—As there arc many persons who objeet <.0 the use of sulphur for the cuie of oidium in vines, permit me to suggest a much cheaper and more eertain remedy for that disease. One pint of sulphuric acid well mixed with 45 pints of w^ter, and sprinkled over the vines by a syringe, will entirely destroy the oidium ; it is equally effective in the apple blight, and the ophis is general'y. This ret edy, if not properl mixed and if used to strong, will be worse than the disease. The above mixture, if sprinkled over dry sawdust, well stirred till it feels damp to the hand, and placed as litter in a stable, will aborb all the armonia, aud drive away the flies so that the tormeiited horses may feed and rest in peace. Sawdust prepared as above described is the best material that can be employed for fixing the ammon a which is given off in stables, or from libuid manure- It surpasses all other materials in efficiency and economy, and tl»en becomes the best of manures; and I am of opinion that if sprinkled over the vines, and laid on the ground in small heaps close to their stems, will destroy the oidium, and is a better plan than sprinkling the deluded acid with a syringe. A small quantity of sawdust mixed with the diluded acid as above described, laid on a plate, and brought into any room or shop m a house, will speedily expel the flies. The windows and doors could then be closed and the plate of sawdust withdrawn. A "BORE ABATER".—Among the useful inventions of modern days, none deserves to rank higher than an ingenious little machine just invented by an American in Portsmouth New Hampshire. It is called " the business man's bore abater," and its action is simple aud effectual. It consists of a button torpedo, with patent nitro-glycerine back- action attachment, that can be worn on the coat like an ordinary button, which, indeed, it resembles in appearance. When the bore seizes the u abter" it instantly explodes, shivering his hand into a million pieces, and blowing him around the corner into the next street. The inventor, it is stated has already received orders for all he cau manufacture for two years to come. A PRIVATE STILL.—A revenue officer was sent into an illicit whisky-distilling district in Kentucky. He knew illicit distilling was going on hut he could get no basis to work upon. Coming to an Irishman who was tolerably drunk, the officer tapped him on the shoulder, and said " My man, do you want to make fen dollars ?" " Is it ten dollars " said Pat ; « sure and I do." " Then," said the officer, " show me a private still." " I'll do that same; follow me, y<-r honor." The officer followed across lots and fields to the camp of a company of soldiers which had been sent there to aid the revenue officers. The soldiers were in line—dress parade. " Do you see that redheaded man?" asked Pat, pointing to one of soldiers. " Yes," replied the officer. " He is," said Pat, " my brother," He's been in the service twelve years. He'll be a corporal after awhile, but he is a 1 private still.' " " Ten dollars gone, and no illicit whisky found." moralized the officer as he wended his way back to his hotel. Josnr BILLINS ON PARTRIDGES.—The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring i ^ ,, , . . , - ° f the y ear > a n d k eep both eyes open, watching the sportsmen. Partridges | are shot on the wing, and are az easv to m; fic Tf miss az a ghost iz, " ,,0 Itl ° T? ? Z he r J un P hun enufftosee g brood when danger iz near. This must be Seen, it kant be described, and make enny boddy beleave it. The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and either one ov them straddle a gridiron natural eriuff tew hav bin born thare. Take a couple of yung partridges and pot them down, and served up with the right kind ov a chorus, and they beat the ham sandwich yu buv on tbe Camden and Amboy Railroad 87-J- percent. 1 have eat these , j l amfintabel Nu Jersey ham sandwich, and must say that I prefer a couple of baS9 wood chips, soaked in mustard j 1 I o ., r at , er \ and stuk to S ether With Spalding s glue. 