I WILL OF NAPOLEON in. _ (From. L'Ordre.J In the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symptoms of the disease which was BO soon to prove fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of the operation which his physicians had declared to be indispensable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testa ment. The will of the Emperor Napoleon III. is drawn up in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the Sovereign, the dy nastic chief, speaks in one ; in the other, tlie private gentleman, the father, the friend. Motives of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing-at least, at present-the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which the dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only interest the pub lic in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely be proper to gra tify at the present moment. But the political will is a different thing altogether. This, from the hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for which in struction it was written. It will be noticed that this will is built up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflec tions, provisions, remembrances, written in meditative mood, during the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impending catastrophe, he rested satisfied with the compilation of these notes, to which he was hardly aware that he was giving the last touch. This is the document we speak of, and which we print without reflecting or com menting on : " In the name of the Very Holy Tri nity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. " Made aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncertainty of worldly concerns at an age when it may please Divine Provi dence, after so many cruel irials, to with draw me from this life before I have been able personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to the honour of my name, to my respon sibility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspira tions, such instructions as may guide his conduct, in the hope thao Heaven, soothed by the overwhelming catastrophes which have fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his endeavours to rein vest his country with its past glory, pros perity, and grandeur. " Weighed down by the most unmerited and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my justifica tion. " During the tweniy years that I was called upon by the national will to manage the affairs of France I have reigned inde pendently of any care with regard to dynast;,c interests or personal satisfaction. I feel the legitimate pride of being able to declare that I have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, in fluence, and eclat that it has ever been given to any monarchy of the past to enjoy. While maintaining order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of the labourer. Under no other regime has the workman been in a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satisfactory way. " Notwithstanding the renown of mili tary glory which attached to the founder of my race, I had dreamed, I had desired to exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and social emancipa tion ; and when, at the opening of my career as a sovereign, I said at Bordeaux that' the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. "But next to the aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honour of France. In the Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochinchina, in Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of the country. " At the time of life when I am penning these lines in the expectation of soon ap pearing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately making such use of them as the honour of my name and his own may require, the com plete series of documents which will Bhow that, in respect to the Mexican expedi tion, interrupted by imperious motives of international right, and also to that last and frial war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honour and inter ests of the country which for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. " History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevit able casualties, improvident advices, dis appointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the failure of the most generous effort ever attempted to affirm the prero gatives and predominance of France. "An unmentionable crime has com plicated the castastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised jny personal safety to secure that of my army, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless de magogues were working the ruin of France by affording to the conquering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legi timate sovereign. " A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when France will know the truth on all the facts and many other topics which have been*distorted by calumny and the animus of political parties, and on that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of Napoleon. The instincts of the people are monarchical, and no monarchy can reinstate France in a safer position than that of the conqueror of Austerlitz. "If Providence deems my mission ac complished, and bequeaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of repara tion, under the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have remained faithful to me, I advise him to revert to the principles which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. " Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of-the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not be reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and with out. And should the necessity of uphold ing the national honour compel him to draw the sword, let him rely without fear on the courage of the French army, too accustomed to see victory crown its efforts under the Imperial eagle to remain bowed down under the influence of a temporary disaster. " Let him at home especially apply him self to developing the welfare of the work ing classes. Let him beware of the en ticement held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. " Let him see that respect is shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awarding a necessary share in the management of public affairs to the free debates of the tribune and the press, let him protect the country against the excesses of those discussions which prove such fruitful sources of barren and dan gerous agitation. True liberty is order -order upheld in the interest of all and every one. " The experiment of the last events has shown that nations are seldom grateful. France, who had done everything for the enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at a time of supreme ne cessity. International alliances should be founded on the interests, on the hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sove reign help to its action. My son's endea vours should all tend towards improving the soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse io arms, may repair the disasters of war. The ca lamities consequent on successive insur rections during the last two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the Em pire. The Empire will render that pros perity as heretobefore. " But to attain this result, at the same time that it is necessary to proudly dis play before foreign nations the flag of France-ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters-it is incumbent on the nation to insist, without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home the principle of authority which the nation will once more hasten to consecrate shall be respected." LAUGHING. BY THE REV. HENBY WARD BEECHEE. PEOPLE who do not know how to laugh are much to be pitied. Not every one who laughs knows how to laugh in the highest sense. An irradiating smile iB fine ; a small sough, that glances upon the face like a meteor, come and gone in the instant, is better than nothing. But laughing, l;ke poetry, music, invention, oratory, is given in its higher forms to but few. We have a relative, a lady, who is gifted in a high degree with the genius of laughing. One should see her when an exquisite story lights up the inner soul. Only the other night three of us sat together. One told an anecdote, that started another, till, like pigeons in a wood, they poured out in flocks. Soon all were in paroxysms. There was no boisterous roaring. Each one performed wiih refinement, but all were " clean gone." The eldest iw. a_ continuous roll that goes on without check till ihe breath is gone, and the lungB fairly run down; but, gathering a long breath, he dashes down the same long roll again. Another one laughs by a series of short explosive fusillades, recurring rapidly, and continuing in what seems likely to be an endless series. But the lady afore said begins in a genteel way, as if con trolling every movement. So have I seen a gay rider, ambling at first, then movi ig off at a trot, breaking into a gal lop, and then carried off at a dashing speed in a real ran away. It does one's heart good like a medicine to see and herr such a charming performance-so hearty, so natural, so gently furious, so possessed with a demon of laughter that will not be cast out. You shall see the beginning of the laugh carried well along till the ex cess of it seems to disturb her modesty. She covers her face with a newspaper, and some would think that she was resting. But look ! No sound. Only a jeer-like trembling of the whole body ! On-on till in desperation she runs from the room. Ah, there is a good honest heartiness in such an experience, and an overplus of pleasure ; the highest pleasure reaches the edge of pain. It is impossible to discriminate between the wit that produces only pleasure or laughter. A very simple incident nar rated strikes the palpitating nerve of laughter, to the surprise of every one. Some things end their power by once tell ing. Others are never failing. Even to think of them sets one off. We wake up at night, and happening to think of a good thing, bring down censure on our head for untimely outbursts of laughter, " when all honest and sober people should be asleep!" No man can explain to another why he laughs. There is nothing more absurd than to ask a man " what there is funny in a story.'' Stories, like percussion bombs, must explode when they strike, or they are good for nothing. Stories that don't go far are poor things. THE QUEEN and THE COOKS.-Her Majesty one day asked if she might in spect the soldiers' guard-room, and the ranger at once conducted the Queen into the room, which, of course, was at that tune unoccupied, except by "Lhe two men whose turn it was to cook their comrades' dinner, and by another Highlander. The visit of her Majesty took these three sol diers by surprise; indeed, one of the cooks, hearing that her Majesty had left the Palace, and wishing to catch sight of her, was in the act of rushing out of the door when her Majesty entered. Both cooks had divested themselves of their jackets, and with their shirt sleeves tucked up, they felt rather taken aback. Her Majesty first took notice of the stal wart Highlander in full dress ; and graci ously addressed him, enquiring his name and birthplace, as also the length of t.imp he had been in the army. The an swered the Queen's queries, and modestly stated he had been twenty years in her Gracious Majesty's service. Her Majesty took note of and examined the four mndpla which decorated the stalwart fellow's breast- these being the Crimean medal with the clasps for Alma, Sebastopol, and Balaclava; the Indian medal, the Luck now medal, and the Turkish medal. Her Majesty then turned round and examined the appointments of the guard-room. She asked if the benches were the sleeping places of the men, and being answered in the affirmative, the Queen was pleased to state that the whole place was very clean and tidy. Her Majesty then advanced and spoke to the cooks-Grant and Nil son by name. She watched their opera tions a few moments. Wilson, who on the entrance of her Majesty had been making a practical experiment as to whe ther the potatoes he was cooking were sufficiently boiled, was rather put about; and he could only lay down his dish clout, touch his forage cap, and in reply to her Majesty's questions, stammer out with difficulty, "Potatoes, your Majesty." The Queen seemed much pleased and amused; and all the soldiers are warm in praise of their Sovereign's condescen sion and warm interest in their concerns. The Queen next visited the officers' guard room, which being untenanted she in spected leisurely. By this time the guard had learned that the Queen had stolen a march upon them, and had turned their flank; so they were drawn off to the right, in order to allow her Majesty, on leaving the guard-room, to walk straight across the esplanade to the Palace. When her Majesty stepped out Bhe went in front of the guard, and graciously ac knowledged the general salute which they gave, after which she inspected the men.-' Scotsman.' A PRACTICAI JOKE.-The following story, which is going the round of the French papers, ought to serve as a useful lesson to practical jokers. Two diners who were unknown to each other were sitting at the Bame table in a restaurant in the Place de Ch&teau; dTSau. One of them, joking with the mistress of the establishment, said, " I must have some fresh lobsters, otherwise I shall kill you." His neighbour, a young man of about 25 years of age, then drew from his pocket a small revolver, which he handed him, saying in fun, " Here is something which will enable you to accomplish your crime." The revolver was examined and returned to its owner, who had scarcely time to remark that it was loaded when, owing to some defect in its construction, one of the chambers exploded, fortunately without injuring any one. A crowd, however, collected outside the restaurant as though some tragedy had just occurred, the agents of the police came up, and the unfortunate delinquent was carried off to the commissary of police to give some explanation of the affair. In the mean time, an individual present, who had up to this moment kept in the background but had a perfect knowledge of the hero of the adventure, ran to the lodging of the latter, declared to the landlord that a murder had been committed by his tenant, and that he himself was an agent of the police come to make a thorough search of his rooms. The doors were ac cordingly thrown open to him without hesitation, and after he had completed his investigations he retired with an air of much dignity. A short time after wards the owner of the revolver, who had been set at liberty by the commissary of police, returned home, and to his astonish ment and disgust found every drawer and cupboard open and empty and all his money gone. The so-called agent of police had managed to get clear off with money and goods to the extent of about 8000 francs in value.-' Pall Mall Ga zette.' D~?EP SINKING.-Mr. Anthony, an English Government Inspector of mines, says :-One of the peculiar features in the history of the tin, lead, and copper bearing lodeB of the old country is that when the outcrop or cap of the lode has been rich in vhe production of metallic ores, ihey have generally been poor at a depth of from 60 to 100 feet from the surface ; Chat is, that the rich surface deposits have ceased to be profitable at about those depths, and that on an average they have not "made" again until "a- V.ejit.h of from 400 to 600 feet has been reached^ vrhen they have in most cases become permanent inT their profit able yields. Many examples might be quoted in support, but my space here will not allow of such a course; I will, however, give one. The Great Devon Consols, in the Western part of Devon, where Lhe first workings were shallow, and under the title of the Great Wheal Maria gave extraordinary yields of cop per ; these, however, ceased at a com paratively shallow depth, and nothing was found of a profitable character until a depth of about 600 feet was reached, and from this to the present working lowest levels, about 1500 feet, this mine has given in profits to its fortunate share holders something like two millions ster ling. THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE.-We were prepared for almost any prediction of change that might assimilate Japanese manners and customs to those of Europe ; but we must admit that the possible adop tion of our language by the thirty millions of that country in the place of their own is a revolution that had not occurred to us as possible. It appears, however, that it is an event looming in the future. The Japanese Minister to the United States has expressed his conviction that the lan guage of Japan, which is described as very poor, will give place to the English language for general purposes, and the existing vernacular be preserved merely as a curiosity. The new public schools are looked to as the medium of promoting this vast change. Our mother tongue is already being unconsciously adopted by India, and we may note that it will, to all appearances, soon be as freely spoken in A RIM, as in AID erica or Australasia. Of all languages it would seem that the English has the best chance of extin guishing the confusion of tongues. ' Homeward Mail.' THE PEB'XS OP THE TEA-POT.-The ' Morning Advertiser' says it is really becoming a vei / serious question whether we ought to drink tea at all; and when we use the word tea we refer not so much to the dried leaves of tea-plant as the various vegetable and mineral substances wHch are substituted for them by the fraudulent ingenuity of the Chinese grower and the English merchant. We have to thank the ' North British Daily Ma;l' for some veiy suggestive informa tion on this subject; and having read it we are more than ever thankful that our liquid dietaiy is not so limited as the Good Templars would fain make it. Talk about the adulteration of beer, indeed ! The worst examples that can be adduced against a publican here and there pale into utter i nsignificance when the light of publicity is shed on the tricks of the tea trade. One sample of tea purchased in Glasgow contained actually no tea at all, and no trace of it. What it did contain we hardly like to publish, but in the hope that we may be instrumental in turning some teetotaller from the dangerous error of his way we wi1'. give particulars of the various foreign substances which 29 packets of tea analysed by our enter prising provincial contemporaiy con tained. Here then, is ihe awful list: Iron, plumbago, chalk, China clay, sand, Prussian blue, turmeric, indigo, starch, gypsum, catechu, gum, and the leaves of the came'lia sasangua, "cloranthus offi cinalis, e'm, oak, willow, poplar, elder, beech, hawthorn, and sloe. Surely it is high time an anti-tea society were formed.. A crusade must be initiated against tea drunkenness and tea adulteration; and if Sir Wilfrid Lawson were consistent, he would bring in a bill to protect his fol lowers As in London ; for, now the tim^^^^^^^^H summer beverages has passe^^^^^^H almost necessarily driven back oH^^H pump and the teapot. Knowing wlflfl London water is, and, moreover, with what dreadful evils the decoction called tea is permeated, we do not see how they can, with anything but a suicidal purpose, meddle either with the misnamed tea pot or the " choleraic cup." Some one must invent a new beverage for teetotallers. FOREIGN HAMS.-Through the kind ness of a correspondent well known in botanical circles, we ('British Medical Journal') have had an opportunity of examining a remarkable specimen of pre pared meat, stated to be a "portion of a Westphalian ham," sold in London for 16s. as an article of food. On microscopic inspeetion a number of cysts were found each containing a larva of the well-known pork tape-worm. These were found to be alive, their characteristic hooklets, suckers, and corpuscles, being all well formed. As we have probably not removed more than half the number of measle vesicles present in this precious morsel, it would be safe to say that the " mouthful," if swallowed in the condition in which we received it, would give rise to the formation of more than 30 tapeworms in the intestinal canal of the person who ate it. That such meat should ever be sold in any shape is sim ply disgusting. Fortunately, our English hams are free from these parasites. The small white chalky deposits which one often sees in them are formed during the salting and smoking of the flesh. Their irregular form with a size varying from that of a mere speck to one, two, or more lines in length, at once reveals their true character. Nevertheless these soft secre tions are often mistaken either for trichina capsules, or more commonly, for degene rated and calcified measles. TUNING THE NERVOUS SYSTEM.-An interesting discovery has, it is stated, been made lately by an Kalian. He has hit upon a method by which nerves may be tuned like harp-strings, and brought into harmony with each other. His theory is that nervous systems, like musical in struments, are all liable to change of tone, and this change is of little importance if all the nerves change together, as by at tention to diet and temperature the evil may be corrected en mrsse, but when, owing to accident or uneven wear, the general harmony of the nerves is de stroyed, a disconnected action is the re sr't, and a special mode of treatment is required, of which he professes to possess the key. He ca"s himself a "nerve tuner," and contracts to keep nerves in order by the month or year. There seems to be no reason why people should not take i lessons in " nerve-tuning," and, like vio- : lin performers, acquire themselves the i tuning art. Some nerves, like fiddles, want tuning each tune they are used, and i if every man and woman coc'd screw up his or her nerve fibres as they became re laxed, the world would be saved a vast amount of trouble, for it cannot be de nied that the principal sufferers from ner vous disorders are not those who immedi ately labour under them, but their friends and acquaintances. VALUABLE PILLS.-An old lady, re duced :n circumstances, applied to a phy sician to know if she might conscientiously sell some quack pills. The physician re commended that she should sell pills made of bread, observing that '* they did no good, they would certainly do no harm. The old lady corrtnenced business, and performed many cures with her pills, till at Tast' she had. great con33ence in them. At length the physician, whom she called her benefactor, became ill by a bone stick ing in h's throat, which he could not pass up or down ; in this situation the old lady visited him, and recommended her pills in his own language, that if they did him no good, they would not do him any harm. The physician, upon this expression, burst out laughing, and, in the act of laughing, brought up the bone. " His ASS."-When Burke made one of his famous attacks upon the Crown civil list, he was several times noisily in terrupted by somebody who, occupying an official position in the household, seemed to thin": himself the special guardian and champion of Royalty. This officious per- i son kept reminding the orator, every now and then, with vehement interjections, of his duty to the king. At last Burke paused in the flow of his speech, and de clared that he perfectly understood it to be his duty to honour the king ; but he did not thereby feel himself consfcra'ned "to honour the king's man-servant, his maid-servant, his ox, and"-fixing his eyes upon the obnoxious intruder-" his ass." SORROW.-Strangely do some people talk of " getting over" a great sorrow; overleaping it- passing it by, thrusting it into oblivion. Not so. No one ever does that-at least, no nature which can be touched by the feeling of grief at all. The only way is to pass through the ocean of affliction solemnly, slowly, with hu mility and faii;h, as the Israelites passed through the sea. Then its very waves of misery will divide and become to us a wall on the right side and on the left, until the gulf narrows before our eyes, and we land safe on the opposite shore. A TRUE LADY.-The late Lord Col lingwood said to his daughter, " I cannot forbear pointing out to you, my dearest child, the great advantages that will re sult from a temperate conduct and sweet ness of manner to all people on all occa sions. Never forget that you are a gentlewoman, and all your words and actions should make you gentle. I never heard your mother-your dear, good mo ther-Bay a harsh or hasty thing to any person in my li'e. Endeavour to imitate her. I am quick and hasty in my temper; but, my darling, it is a misfortune which, not having been sufficiently restrained in my youth, has caused me inexpressible pain. It has given me more trouble to subdue this impetuosity than anything I ever undertook. REMARKABLE FOUNTAIN.-In the an nals of drinking nothing can exceed a re markable bowl of punch that was made in England ' 11644. It was made in a foun tain, ?n a garden, in the middle of four walks, covered overhead with orange and lemon trees, and in ever/ walk was a table, the whole length of it covered with refreshments. In the fountain were the foUowing ingredients :-Four hogsheads of brandy, twenty-five thousand lemonB, twenty gallons of lime juice, one thous and three hundred-weight of white sugar, thirty-one pounds of grated nutmegs, three hundred toasted biscuits, and one pipe of dry mountain Malaga. Over the fountain was a large canopy to keep off the rain, and there was built on purpose a litile boat, wherein was a boy, who rowed round the fountain and filled the cups of the company. It is supposed more than six thousand men drank from the fountain. If we do not suffer ourselves to be transported with prosperity neither shall we be reduced by adversity. D Mint r sued 38, arrived with 892 Messrs. BREWSTER on 4th instant:-Stations . for really good sheep stations tinues, but we hare not heard of an during the past week. With the exce tion of two or three properties, there is an absence of good compact sheep pro perties suitable for moderate capitalists. Good fattening cattle runB, both in Queensland and in this colony, continue in good demand, and are readily saleable at fair prices.-Store Cattle : These con tinue in excellent demand, bullockB rea lising full prices. Well-bred heifers and cows are also much required for stocking distant stations to the Westward.-Store Sheep : The demand is not quite so brisk, but large-framed wethers with a few months' wool on are saleable at from 9s. to 10s. per head; good breeding ewes are worth 10s. to 14s. per head. Messrs. HARRISON, JOKES & DEVLIN report on 4th instant:-Stations : We have nothing to report wider this head for the week now closing, except soma enquiry after those properties advertised for sale by UB in the latter part of this month.-Fat Cattle : 700 yarded. Prices are much easier this week owing to a large number in. and near at hand.-Fat Sheep : Market glutted, 6869 were yarded, and prices greatly reduced owing to ex cessive supply, and very large numbers coining forward. We sold 996 wethers, A. Gibson, at 10s. 3d.-Store Cattle: We have no variation to notice under this head. We have heard of two rather im portant sales during the week, which serve to show that prices are fully up to our quotations. We hope to report fur ther sales next week. Quotations-Bul locks, good (South), £5 to £5 5s. ; mixed sexes, ditto ditto, £& 10s. to £4 15s. ; bullockB, good (North), j£3 10s. to £4 ; mixed sexes, ditto ditto, £3 to £3 3s. Store Sheep: This market has been very quiet during the week, and we have not heard of any transactions outside. Quo tations-9s. to 10s. ; maiden ewes, 12s. 6d. to 15s. ; breeding ditto, 8s. to 8s. 6d. Messrs. WOLFE & BADGBRY report on 4th instant:-Stations : Such an unusu ally large number of runs having found purchasers during the past month is a gua rantee that the demand is good. The prices obtained have been satisfactory, and we expect same value for any good properties coming into the market.-Fat Cattle: Supply heavy, and prices down considerably. We do not expect very high rates again for some time, as the local cattle will almost supply the market. Prime cattle on Monday realised 17s. 6d. per 100 lbs.; medium and inferior are neglected by the trade, and can only be quitted at store rates. We sold on ac count of Mrs. M'Millan, 49 medium bul locks at from £5 18s. to £5 ; and cows at £5.-Store Cattle : The general demand throughout the colony is unabated, and prices rule about the same as during the past few months; but in this particular market few outside buyers have appeared, and some lots have been sold under quo tations, besides a decline in value is ge nerally noticeable at this time of year. We have sold Picton's 129 bullocks at £4; uluu, 800 eowa ±cfr£5 Prices have been much lower tHan for many months, but the glut having cleared, we anticipate a shade better rates next week. We Bold a flock of 700 wethers, medium to inferior, at 9s.-Store Sheep: Demand good, but few lots offering. Quo tations nominal. Messrs. POWERS, RUTHERFORD, & Co. report 1400 cattle and 14,000 Bheep yarded; prices unaltered; inferior de scriptions dull of sale. The ' Herald* of the 3rd instant says :- ^ In the catalogue of 550 bales submitted by Messrs. Mort & Co., at their weekly wool sale yesterday, there were only a few lots of any importance. For these competi tion was active, and late rates obtained. For odd baleB or small lots there was not much enquiry, and prices were weaker. Sheepskins were also dull, and lower. And on 4th:-The offerings of wool at the weekly sales yesterday were not of an important character. Competition was not brisk, and prices less firm than last week. Leather in active request-sole rather firmer, dressed leather also sold well. By Messrs. Harrison, JoneB, & Devlin: g;HL conjoined, 5 bales of washed wool at 14d. ; HBy, 6 fleece at 17d. ; C over New England, 10 ditto at 18fd. ; HV., 7 ditto at 18d.; TC, 8 greasy at 9d.; TBS, 6 scoured at 13$d. ; Ho, 21 greasy at 8§d. ; and 39 bales of various kinds in small lots. 12 lots of sheepskins at 4fd. to 8d. Sole leather at 6d. to lid., tweed at 22£d. to 35£d., kip at 24£d., horse butts at 9d., bag at 14s. 7d., calf at 23£d. to 48d., wallaby skins at 2B. 9d., bear ditto at 2s. Saturday's 'Herald' says:-At the weekly produce sales yesterday there was hardly any demand for tallow. High freights still keep buyers for export out of the market. Enquiry for hides was strong; well cured light commanded a slight advance, and other descriptions were firm at last week's quotations. Also:-The Stock and Share market has fluctuated less than usual during the past week. Joint Stock and City re mained the same throughout; New South Wales receded a trifle, and went back to 48 ; New Zealand fell to 17, and have not recovered ; Commercial firm at 74f ; Queensland National sold at 4£. There was hardly anything done in Steam, holders being unwilling to accept buyers' offers; the only sales were Illawarra at last week's figure. Insurance flat, only General dealt in. Gaslight stock in re quest ; holders ask 16£ for old and there are buyers of new (£L paid) at £6 10s. premium. Debentures are not moving so freely ; City of Sydney, due 1879 to 1882, sold at 108|. New South Wales Govern ment stock has been weakened by the in tended issue of a new 4 per cent. loan which is expected to have a ready sale for trust funds and other permanent in vestments. The new railway loan is also to be at 4 per cent., and will probably be placed on the London market. The course of sales for the past week has been-Banks : Joint Stock, 13£; City, 10£; Commercial, 74|; New South Wales, 47f, 48; New Zealand,17 ; Queens land National, 4fc. Steam: Illawwra, 4£. Insurance": General, 30s. j Gas-light Co., 16$, new shares, 7|. Debentures: City of Sydney, 108J. Breadstuff's are firm at Sydney. At Maitland holders of wheat are hanging back ; prices remain unaltered, but first class samples would sell at a moderate advance. Prices rule at 3s. 9d. to 4s. per bushel. 