ON THE WAY TO A MISSIONARY MEETING. In the year 1S10, a little boy was born into the world, Donald M'Lcod by name. "When he was eighteen years of ago lie entered the Bengal Civil Service, and remained at Mongliir as assistant magistrate until 1830. He was one of God's own blood-bought, blood-washed children, and he rose from one position of importance to another until the year 1S68, when he became Lieutenant- Governor of tho Punjaub. This post he held with ever-increasing honour until May, 1870, when he returned to England, there to spend the remainder of liis days. We have heard from one who knew liim well that he was a man of inost holy mind, and of tho most de termined purpose to reckon himself dead indeed unto sin and alive unto God through Jesus Christ. He was the friend of all men, hut specially of those that believed. He loved the missionaries of India, and the missionary cause. He made no. . secret of his religious principles, and braved a perfect storm of reproach aud opposition, because, while lie entertained freely and handsomely, he would5 not 'entertain after the fashion of the; world. ' On; Thursday evening, 2Sth November last, he met with a fatal accident which "deprived a large circle of Christian friends of one of the most loving and- large-hearted Christian brothers that ever lived. " Dear old man- (our correspondent goes on to say), he was on his way to speak at a London suburb, at a missionary meeting, -and seeing a' train starting, believing it (thpugli . wrongly, such are the mysteries of life) to lie his train, he rushed at the door .. after.- the traiii was in motion,; was dragged into the tunnel, there missed his hold, and fell under the train. When picked, up, tliey found that he had lost an arm, aiid hotli legs below the kneel Unconscious at first, lie soon . was able to gi ye his name. He was taken to St. George's Hospital without his realising what had occurred, and he was so un conscious of his lost limbs that lie said lie felt well, only a little hurt in one leg ! The coiicus- ision to.the nerves and arteries is so great at such a time that no pain is felt for hours. You will see how graciously God enabled him to speak, and how mercifully he was taken away before the re-action set in. He was a good man, and full of tlie Holy Ghost, and great lamentation was made for him. His funeral was crowded. run au pees ana.. Indians irom all parts pi : tlie kingdom cainc to it. The evening of tlie accident lie was told as quietly as possible that lie was dying," to which he only replied, "Is ;it, really, so? I don't feel very ill." A small circle aroiind him tlienj knelt ' in prayer, and ho closed , it with a warm "Amen." He lay quite silent,' not a murmur escaping his lips, and wearing the same placid countenance throughout. About 9 o'clock, as ho was evidently, sinking, lie was asked , how die felt, and lie replied, " Peaceable, . peaceable." One who loved bini, standing by, said, '.'.I have no doubt you can say, 'Into Thy hand I commit my spirit.; Thou: hast redeemed me, O Lord God of truth.' " He replied,: '.' Most certainly." "And you can say, 'Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly.' " He repeated tlie text, adding, " I ,, shall. then be free from sin and sorrow,; and be for ever with tlie Lord;"' Ho then- engaged' in prayer,, almost inaudibly, hut the lash sentence - was, "Praised be Tliy holy name,, for ever and ever." These were his last words on earth. Presently lie drew a long breath, theii tlie breathing grew feebler, another pause, a few more gentle respirations, and he simply ceased to breathe soon after 10 — five hours after the accident. Wo held our breath, . overawed. I shall never .forgot the silence, the solemnity, the lioly calm of that believer's dying hour. "0 death, where is thy sting ? O grave, where is '.thy. victory ?" .- Dear reader, think over the lesson of this touching story. Sir Donald M!'Leod was in the path of duty, in the path of lioly pleasure, on his way to a missionary meeting, when the Lord met liim and took liim home. 