MOBE GUNPOWDEE. TO TEE KMTOE. Sib,—Will yon kindly allow me space to reDiy to a letter, signed Junes Warn ode which appeared in your last issue. Tbe informer («s he has pleased to style me) has not made any statement to the friends ot Mr Warnock, with a view of - justifying himself for tbe urJand action he h&d; done ; but this I do say, tbat Mr Warnock, J.P., should set a better example, than to render himself amenable to the law, or should be a little more conversant with the law (relating to gunpowder) to know right from wrong, especially alter being previously warned. He complains of me Dot having once warned him ; my reply is, I apprehend that it would be interfering with the rights of tbe British subject. As I happen to be located in each dose proximity to the powder magazine of Messts Warnock Bros, I do not feel inclined to Bubject my family to such risk to gratify Ur James Wamock or any other man. lie verse our positions, and I shonld have been made acquainted with the I car a dozen of times ere this. I am no school boy or laotpuy to run after the heels of Mr Warnock ; and, as regards being oa his premises, I never was in my lite except in the way of business. My family, perhaps some of the younger ones may have gone op the open space, as children will do where there is bo gate ot anything to keep them out ; bat they have not, with my consent or knowledge, as they bave always had strict injunctions from me not to go where they ate uot wanted. Before bringing this to a close,! wtmldask Mr J Warnock (that is, if his memory does, nut foil him) if he has no recollection of bang warned about twelve months, or it may be little more; on the evening of that day, there might have been seen Mr James Warnock (or bis ghost) rolling tbe surplus casks of powder along the pathway that was then in his garden. The p 3 """ was removed to some other part of his premises, and, strange to eay, the following day some casks of powder were received in the Government magatine from Messes Warnock Brothers. I am, Sir, etc; ,I»MRS ANDEBSON. 