R RIG MAM YOUNG'S WIVES. Air Johns. in said further that Air loung observed thai life was a sad, sad thing—" be cause the joy cf eveiy new marriage a man contracted v.- .s so apt to be biighted by the inopportune fun-re! of a less recent bride." Ami Air Johnson sai l that while he and Mr iuung were i>-:- isauny conversing in privaic, one of the Airs Y'onugs came in and demanded a breast-pin, remarking that she had found out that lie had been giving a breast-pin to No. 6, and she, for one. did not purpose to let this partiality eo on without making a satis factory amount cf trouble about it. Air Young reminded her that there was a stranger pre sent-. Airs Young said that if the state of things inside the liuit se was not agreeable to the stranger, he coiti-i find room outside. Mr Young promised the breast-pin, and she went away. But in a minute or two another Mrs Young came in and demanded a breast pin. Air Young ln gm a remonstrance, but Airs Young cut him short. She said No. 6 had got one, aud No. 11 was promised one, and it was " no use for him in try to impose on her — she hoped she kiu w her rights." He gave his promise, and she went And presently three Airs Youngs eniered in a ho ly and openc-d on their husband a tempest of tears, abuse ami entreaty. They had heard all about No. 6, No 11, and No. 14. Tnree more breast-pins were promised. They were hardly gone when nine more Airs Youngs filed into his presence, and a new tempest burst forth and raged round about the prophet aud his guest. Nine breast-pins were promised, and the weird sisters filed out again. Aud iu came eleven more, weeping and wailing and gnashing their teeth. Eleven promised breast-pins purchased peace once more. " That is a specimen," said Mr Youug. You see how it is. You see what a life I lead. A man can't be wise all the lime. In an heedless moment — a breast-piu. It was ouly w .rtli 25 dols— that is, apparently that was its whole cost — but its ultimate cost was inevitably bound to he a great deal more. Y'ou yourself have seen it climb up to 650 dollars — and alas, even that is not the end ! For I have wives all over this territory of Utah. I have dozsns of wives whose numbers I do not even know without lookiug in the family Bible. They are scattered far and wide among the mountains aud valleys of my realm. Aud m irk you, every solitary one of them will hear of the wretched breist pin, and every last one of too n will have one or die. No. 0's breast pin will cost me 2500 dollars before I see the end of it. And these creatures will compare these pins together, aud if one is a shade liuor than the rest, thoy will all be thrown on my hands, and I will have to order a new lot to keep peace in the fatuity. Sir, you probably did not know it, but all the time you were present with my children, you every mo ment were watched by vigilant servitors of mine. If you bad offered to give a child a dime, or a stick of candy, or any trifle of the kiud, you would have been snatched out of the house instantly, provided it could be done before your gift left her baud. Otherwise it would be absolutely necessary for you to make an exactly similar gift to all my children — and knowing the importance of the thing, I would have stood by and seen to it myself that you did it, and did it thoroughly. Once a gentle man gave one of my children a tin whistle — a veritable invention of Satau, sir, and one which I have an unspeakable horror of, and so would you if you had eighty or niuety children in the house. But the deed xvas done — the man escaped. I knew xvhat the result xvas going to be, and I thirsted for vengeance. I ordered out a llock of destroy ing angels, and they hunted the man far into the fastnesses of the Nevada mountains. But ihey never caught him. I am not cruel, sir — I ain not vindictive except when sorely ont- raged— but if I had caught Mm, sir, so help me, Joseph Smith, I would have locked him into the nursery till the brats xvhistled him to death. By tho slaughtered body of St. Parley Pratt (whom God assoil?) there xvas nex'er anything on tills earth like it ! I knew xvho gax-e the xx'liistle to the child, but I could not make those j ealous inotli ers believe me. They believed I did it, and the result xvas just xvhat any man of reflection could have forseen ; I liad to order a hundred and ten whistles. I think x\\-o had a hundred and ten children in the house then, but some of them are off at college noxv — I had to order a huudsed and ten of those shrieking things, and I wish I may never speak another word if xve didn't have to talk on our fingers entirely, from that time forth until tho children got tired of tho whistles. Aud if ever another man gives a whistle to a. child of mine, and I get my hands on him, I'll hang him higher than Haman 1 That is the word with the bark on it ! Shade of Nephi ! You don't know any thing about married life. I am rich, and everybody knows it. I am benevolent, and everybody takes adx'antage of it. I have a strong fatherly instinct, and all the found lings are foisted on me. Every time a woman wants to do well by her darling, she puzzles her brain to cipher out some scheme for get ting it into my hands. Why, sir, a woman came here xvith a child of a curious lifeless sort of complexion (and so had the woman), and swore that the child was mine, and she my xvife; that I had married her at snch- aud-such a time, in such-and-such a place, but she had forgotten her number, and of course I could not remember her name. Well, sir, she called my attention to the fact that the child looked like me, and really it did seem to resemble me — a common thing in the Territory — and, cut the story short, I put it in my nursery, and she left. Aud by the ghost of Orson Hyde, when they came to wash the paint off that child it xvas an Injun ! Bless my soul, you dou't know anything about a married life. Y'ou can't economise. It isn't possible. I havo tried keeping one set of bridal attire for all occa sions. But it is of no use. First you'll marry a combination of calico and consumption that's as t-liin as a rail, and next you'll get a creature that's nothing more than the dropsy in- disguise, and then you have got to eke out that bridal dress xvitli an old balloon. This is the xvay it goes. And think of the wash bill — (excuse these tears) — 9S1- pieces a week ! No, sir, there is no such tiling as economy in a family like mine. Why, just tlic one item of cradles — think of it ! And vermifuge ! .Soothing syrup ! Teething ring; ! and " papa's watches " for the babies to play xvitli ! and things to scratch the furniture xvith ! and Inciter matches for tlieni to eat ! and pieces of glass to cut themselves xvitli 1 The item of class alone would smniorfc vour family, sir. — Mark Twain. 