SOUTH AUSTKALIA. ? -A ? SERMON PREACHED BY HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF MAITLAND AT THE CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. 'Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood.' — Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 28. These words, dearly beloved brethren, which I have quoted from the Acta of the Apostles were addressed by the great Apostle of the Gentiles to the ancients of the Church at Ephesus, with the view of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by Ged of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in sound doctrine, of preserving them from the poisonous pastures and protecting them from incursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after his departure, would enter in among them, not sparing the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstances that c»uld nr t 'but make a lasting impression on the clergy at Ephesus, for he held out no hope of ever seeing them again. 'And now, behold, bound in the Spirit, I go to Jerusalem, not knowing things that shall befall me there, only that the Holy Ghost in every city witnesseth to me, saying that chains and afflic tions wait for me at Jerusalem* And now behold I know that all you among whom I have gone preaching the Kingdom of God shall see my face no more.'' It is, 1 am sure, unnecessary for me to say that the occasion which has called us together to-day is one of great importance and unusual interest, for we are all assembled in great numbers in this cathedral church of Ade laide, not only from the various districts of the vast eoloBy of South Australia, but both prelates, priests, and members of the laity have come here to-day from other colonies to testify their deep interest in the solemn proceedings, full of hope and promise for the welfare of the Church and diocese of Adelaide. The vast crowds here assembled from all quarters of the diocese, and the attendance of so many members of other denominations, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as I do, rendered j still more interesting by the fact that for the first time in the history of this diocese its chief pastor has been consecrated in his own cathedral and in the midst of his own flock. It is always, my dear brethren, a solemn thing to witness the transmission of the Apostolic Office — an act by which the Church renews her vigour, provides : for herpreservation and expansion. As the plants :- throw out the seeds that produce other plants which take their places when they have them selves decayed, so the Church organized by Christ preserves her life and integrity, and. meets the exigencies of the hour by the trans- ; mission of the Apostolic Officp, with all its ! duties, its graces, and its responsibilities, from aae to aee. from generation to gene ration, from her duly ordained ministers to others appointed and called by God to the J sublime office of the Apostolate. These cir cumstances all combined, my dear brethren, cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you to rejoice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from among yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salva tion, charged with the onerous duty of govern ing this vast diocese, with a full knowledge of all its wants and requirements. But for you, my lord, placed as you are to-day as a watch man on the towers of Israel, whose light is this day placed on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men now and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Christ this day makes you a commander of His hosts, with all the powers and with all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, which is His agent in this great work, has endeavoured to impress them on you in the beautiful cere monial which we are all witnessing with such delight, and which causes you to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who, by the imposition of their hands, pour upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened 'to feed the flock of God which is among you, taking care thereof not by constraint, but willingly, according to God, neither for the sake of filthy lucre, but volun tarily,* neither as domineering over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock from the heart.' While all around you, both prslates, priests and people, are joyiul at your elevation to the Episcopate, you, my lord, deeply impressed with the awful responsibility of the dignity to which you have been, through the mercy of God, raised to-day, seem, if I rightly interpret the sentiments of your inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Adelaide may have in you a worthy and useful adminis trator, so that when the Prince of Pastors shall appear you shall receive a never-fading crown of glory. Impressed with the same spirit, and entering into your feelings, I shall endeavour to point out the duties of your office, so that all, realizing to some extent its heavy burden, may sympathize with you in the anxieties that press on you heavily just now, may aid you by their prayers, and in the coarse of your episcopate — which, I trust, will be a long and useful one — may, by their, docility and obedience, alleviate its cares and lessen its numerous responsibili ties. When of old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctifying him and making him a prophet unto the nations, He said to him, 'Whatsoever I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at their presence, for I am with thee to deliver thee. Behold I have given My words in thy mouth ; so 1 have set thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms to root up and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, and to build and to plant. Thou, therefore, gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be not afraid at their presence, for 1 will make thee not to fear their counten ance. For beheld I have made thee this day a fortified city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land.' .~By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission was given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose was sancti fied in his mother's womb. He was commis sioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews, but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewarn both kings and princes of the land and the priests and people of the dreadful calamities that would befall them if they were not converted to the Lord. His mission was not so much to waste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisement of heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked ways of sin, the cause of all the miseries which had covered the land. But the mission with which our young Bishop is charged to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and prerogatives, and therefore conveys graces more numerous and more significant, symbolized by the beauty, the magnificence, and variety of the ceremonial at which we have all assisted with such profit. Christ confers on him to-day not only the power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to ins angels in heaven of binding and loosing with the full assurance that the sentence pronounced by Him here on earth shall be ratified and confirmed in heaven. The words addressed by Our Lord to His apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates who take a part in the consecration to-day, but their wondrous significance is as fully realiszd as when pronounced by Christ himself — 'As the Father hath sent Me so I also you. All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them in name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the comsumma j tion of the world ;' by which words the Apostles were not only appointed Christ's messengers to speak, to preach, and to reprove, but they were | made the possessors of these powers and the I treasurers of His heavenly gifts. And in such a i way did they inherit these powers that whoso 1 ever would reject them would be rejecting God Himself. ' He that heareth you heareth Me j he that dispiseth you despiseth Me.' Behold, my dear brethren, what we witness here to-day, the fulness and prefection of the priesthood con ferred on your bishop, that he my exercise its function for the advantage of both priest and people, and dispense its wonderful graces to the souls of men. Truly he is set up to-day as a master in Israel, as a faithful sentinel on the heights of Mount Zion, to guide and direct, to build and to plant, to root up and pull down, to waste and to destroy, to excercise for a time the wondrons powers of the eternal priesthood of Christ, to sanctify your souls in His name, and to raise them up from the sorrows of this valley of tears to heavenly bliss and glory everlasting. Yes, my brethren, I repeat it, it is not simply a declaratory power with which he is invested, but a real life-giviDg power is conferred on him, by which he shares God's heavenly gifts, that he may convey them to his flock, and dispense food, medicine, and whatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pilgrimage here on earth. And, my brethren, if to-day your bishop becomes the treasurer oE greater powers and blessings than were vouchsafed of old to the Prophet Jeremias, we need not be ashamed to confess that the miseries and calamities which have come upon the world in this age of boasted civilization and progress point out to us the necessity of their being dispensed in season and out of season for the benefit of the faithful wlio are continually led astray by the false maxims of the world, and by the perverse teach ings of false prophets. For never perhapg before was the Church of Christ, her Supreme Head, and her bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias wert set up by God as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a pillar of iron, and awall of brass because of the evils that then prevailed, how much more neceasary nowa-days, when the kings and princes of the world have all consoired against Christ and His anointed, and are set ur- m battle array against His holy Church, and when, to use the words of the Fathers of the Vatican Council, ' unceasing efforts are made by modern rationalism to banish Christ, our Lord and our Saviour, from the minds of men and from the life and customs of the nations ;' how much more necessary, I say, is it that those who are appointed rulers of the Church of God should be filltd with His Holy Spirit and furnished with all the weapons necessary to fight a good fight, to preserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry If the Apostle St. Paul could address the Christians in his day in the following words : — ' Put you on the armour of God, that you may ie able to stand against the snares of the Devil. For our wresting is not against flesh and blood ; but against principalities and nowers. apainafc the rulers of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in the high places. Wherefore take unto you the ^moiir of God, that you may be able to resist :in?the evil day and to stand in all things perfect.' : And again, if the same Apostle could admonish his beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in view the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, ' I charge thee before God and Jesua Christ, who shall judge the living and the dead, by His coming and His kingdom, preach the Word ; be instant in season and oufe of season ; reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine, for there shall be a time when they will not bear sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they will heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and will turn away indeed their hearing from the truth, and will ba turned to fables. But be thou vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry.' My brethren, how much stronger grounds have we for repeating the same admonitions to the young, prelate who by the imposition of hands inherits the same graces, the same powers, the same authority that was vouchsafed to Timothy, that he too, for the advantage of his flock, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with, all patience and doctrine ; may be ever vigilant labour in all things, do the1 work of a bishop and fulfil his ministry? Yes, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic bishop are such as to be dreaded even by angels; for he is called upon not only to oppose the maxims of a world which ignores God and despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard his flock from the pernicious principles which are continually circulated in the public press, subversive alike of the supernatural and natural order established by God for the benefit of man kind. The principles which are now commonly proclaimed in the world withdraw man from the control of ---alL religions influence. What is known as the 'naturalism' of the present age banishes God from all the arrangements of human affairs whether affecting the nations of the earth, the family circle, or the individual ; utterly ignoring His holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion. Indeed, the enemies of religion, as has been observed bv the nreaanfc glorious Jfontitt, aim at the destruction of that necessary coherence or connection that by God's arrangement intervenes between the natural and supernatural order. It is the old conflict between good and evil, between obedience and revolt, between theChurchand the world, between God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism rejects altogether the influence of supernatHral revelation ; it only regards the interests of this world, and drives men on to the attainment of their ambitious purposes without any regard to the Creator of the universe, whom they do not recognize as superior to themsslves, if they acknowledge His existence at all. By this resistance to Divine authority is brought on rebellion to human, which derives its force and sanction from its Author, who is no other but God. ' Those who sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind.' Hence we find that opinions are propagated which strike at the very founda tions of Christianity, introducing a fatal system of rationalism, and virtually excluding any inter vention of Providence from the world. Hence even the sacred character of the marriage con tract is ignored, and all it3 sacramental graces and influences are set aside. As a necessary consequence, we find divorce legal ized in the midst of Christian communi ties in defiance of the Word of God that what He has joined it should be lawful for no man to put asunder. Hence, too, in this age of progress the very foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the education of youth and to withdraw their minds from all religious influence — to banish God and His holy Church from the school. Systems of education are propounded which only embrace the knowledge of human affairs, and pay no attention to the interests of immer tal souls. The Catholic Churcb, on the con trary, continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of our Divine Lord — 'What doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul?' What will it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in this would, if through their fault, and being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the loss of that faith without which it is impossible to please God ? In this question of education the voice of the Church has been continually raised in the interests of youth, in order to protect them from the snares which are laid for their destruction, and which are devised for the pnr pose of undermining their faith. Our preaent Holy Father, Pope Pius IX., has declared that Catholics cannot approve of a system of educat ing youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only9 or at least primarily, the ends of 'social life.' In other worde, Catholics cannot approve of an education which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. It will, theief ore, bo your duty, my lord, to take care, indeed, of the whole flock over which the Holy Ghost has placed you as Bishop, but in particular to watch over children and yonng men. To use the memorable words of the illustrious Pon tiff, Pius VII., addressed in the year 1800 to the bishops of the Catholic world — 'Children ^ught to be the eapecial objects of your paternal love, your vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all . : your -ju.io. may wno cave cnea 10 suoverv society and families, to destroy authority Divine and human, have spared no pains to infect and ' : corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easilv to . , carry into effect theii infamous projects. They v , know that the mind and heart of young persons, like soft wax, to which one may give what form . he pleases, are very susceptible of every sort of impression; that they keep tenaciously, when : age has now hardened them, those which they had early received, and reject others. Thence the well-known proverb, taken from the Scrip tures— 'A young man according to his way, ?even when ho is old he will not depart from . . it.' Suffer not, then, venerable brethren, tlaQ .. ?children of this wurid to be more prudent in this respect than the children of light. Examine, therefore, with the greatest attention ,to what manner of persons is confided the .. education of children, and the young men in the colleges and seminaries; of what sort are the instructions given them; what sort of ; .schools exist among you ; of what sort are the ; teachers in the lyceums. Examine into all this with the greatest care ; sound everything; . let nothing escape your vigilant eye. Keep : off, repulse the raveniug wolves that seek to devour these innocent lambs; drive out of ,._.. the sheepfold ? those wliich have gotten in; remove them as soon as can be; for such is the power which has been given to you by the Lord for the edification of your sheep.' j These are the words of the venerable Pontiff, .Pius VII. , which I take the liberty of address es, ing to you, my lord, to-day, and to remind ... ,you of the ever tender care and anxious ' ..solicitude which you are called on to extend , to the little ones of the fold. I regret that, in the discharge of the duty imposed jupon me on this solemn occasion, I should be ^obliged to say something in regard to the ', differences that have within the last few years r sprung up amongst the peaceful community of South Australia on the subject of education ; but \ unfortunately, that spirit of liberalism which i has characterized the old country in Europe, I and whieh has been waging a continual war I against the Church of God in Germany, Switzer 1 land, and Italy, has found its way into these I colonies, and our statesmen who control the des .._?» tinies of this fair and promising land have not .hesitated to walk in the footsteps of the crafty ;... statesmen of the other hemisphere who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve ;to enslave the Church of God, to crush her , power, and to banish her priests from the schools and colleges over which, from time iminemo . rial, they exercised their legitimate authority. xc is a matter ©i regret cnac in cms iree iana these principles should find any countenance or support, and that any section of the com munity, no matter how small and insignifi : cant, should be deprived of their legitimate rights or privileges on account of their eonRci , entioue views. It is, however, a fact which I cannot but deplore on this occasion, that the '... Catholics of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from, or share in, the funds which are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is called common or mixed education is proclaimed throughout the length and breadth of South Australia, and what has been accora \- plished in many countries of Europe and America, to the great detriment of religion. ,,The public schools and other institutions des tined for the education of Catholic youth are withdrawn from the authority of the Church, from the control of her legitimate pastors, and ... from the bi-nign influence of religion. The pre sent glorious Poutiff, Pius IX., expounds so ? clearly and so forcibly the viewB of the Catholic Church on this important subject, in his famous letter, addressed some years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, ^ that I cannot forbear quoting from it at some iength :— ?' Ic is nut wonderful,' he says. ' that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to eorruj.it the training and ? education of youth, and there is no doubt that tho grcatet.5 injury ia inflicted on society when the directing authority aud salutary power of the Church are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiuess of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For this society is, little by little, ?deprived of that truly Christian spii it which alone can nermantlv secure the foundation of peace and public order, aud promote aud direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which ara necessary for him in order to attain after this life, his last -end hereafter, eternal happiness. And, in truth, a system of teaching which not only is Aiuiiteil to the kuowletlgw of natural, things, aud .does not pass beyond the bounds of our lite on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies ; and elncation which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the miuda and moulds the temler heart of youth, which is 60 proue to evil, must iufallibly produce a goneiation which will have bo guide but its O.vn wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will I)d a source of tne greatest misfor tunes t'j the commonwealth and their own families. But if this detestable system of education, so far removed from. Catholic faith . and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals aud to society \- when it in employed in the higher teach ings, and in echoola frequented by the better class, who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools? For it is: in these schools ? above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of bur holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teach ing ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, there fore, are exposed to the greatest peiils when ever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and to Christian morality, they have justly attracted to them selves in a greater degree than other educa tional institutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of with drawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her and by the desire to extinguish among the people the divine light of our holy faith. The Church which has founded these schools has ever regarded them with the greatest care and intetest, and looked upon them as the chief object of her ecclesiasti cal government, and whatsoever removed them trom her inflicted serious injury both on her and on the schoo'e. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be. false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the schools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound. not only to use her best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary . Christian education and instruc tion, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, aud to declare that no one cao in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.' It is unnecessary for me to remind this congregation that our Holy Father the Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is the Suprema Ruler of the Church, the infallible teacher of divine truth, who holds tbo place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of the universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God Himself, whose representative he is on earth. But it may be said that the system of education 'adopted in this colony does not banish religious teaching from the primary schools ; for I learn that it is proposed that the I Holy Scriptures should be read by the children at tec dine, the Government or Public schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our objection, but rather increase our opposition to and disapproval of the system ; for without taking into consideration the memorable words of St. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scriptures i hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that religious instruction must be givea under the authority of her legitimate pastors, and by those duly appointed by her bishops. I have in my hands a remarkable petition, signed by the arch- j bishops and bishops of Ireland, which was pre- j sented to the British Parliament in the year j 1S24 ; that is to say, five yeatK before Catholic emancipation, when the Irish Catholics were engaged in their great struggle to live as free citizens in their Dative land. It shows that, ] though the Catholics of Ireland were at that time debarred from the exercise of their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings | uuder which they groaned for almost 300 years j only had the effect of making them more stead- i fast in their faith and more attached to the ' principles and practice of their holy religion. I quote the following passage from the petition to which I refer. They say ' that in the Koinan Catholic Church the literary and religious in struction of youth are universally combined, -land that no system of education which separates them can be acceptable to the members of her Communion; that the religious instruction of youth in Catbolic schools is always conveyed by means of catechetical instruction, daily prayer, and the reading of religious books, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated ; that Roinau Catholics have ever considered the reading of the sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the word of God is made liable to irreverence, youth exposed to misunderstand its meaning, anrl thereby not unfrequently to receive in early life impression* which may afterwards prove iijuri oua to their own best interests, as well as to those of the society which they are destined to form ; that schools whereof the master professes a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruction as the Catholic Church prescribes foe youth is exclude! or in which books aud tracts not ^auctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted, to by the children of Roman Catholics; anil 'that threats and rewards have been found equally unavailing as a means of inducing Car,holic parents to procure education fer their children from such persous or iu such schools; tba^any system of education incompatible with the discipline of the Catho io Church, or super intended exclusively by persons professing a religion diffcie it from that of the v.iat majority of the poor o^ Ireland, cannot possibly hv. accept able to the a,tter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating ofteu distrust and discord, as well as a waut of that mutual good faith and perfect confidence which should prevail between those who receive benefits aud those who dispense them.' These worde, written so mauy years ago by the pre lates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the present day in these colonies that — although I admit we are. living under very different circumstances, and enjoying the rights granted to us all under the constitution —I have taken the liberty of quoting them. We Catholics profess our belief in the Scriptures, but at the same time we rieel;i-r- that neitner the conscience, the reason, the haht, nor the moving spirit of eaoh individual is the legitimate interpreter of them, but the Churoh of God, the piilar ami ground of truth, to which has been entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the enlightenment and guidance of her children, and hand it down, untarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from generation to generation, until time shall be no more. I am well aware that the coarse pursued by the Catholics of this and other colonies, and especially by the bishops in regard to educatiou, has frequently been made the sub ject of severe strictures and comments. It has been said that we desire to have the whole education of the country in our own hands, to enforce our views not only on our own flocks, but even on those who differ from us in religion. We are charged with the desire to appropriate to our own purposes, and according to ourowu views, the publicf unds destined for the educational inter ests of the colonies. It has been said, notwith standing our repeated assurances to the con trary, that we object to our schools being in spected and examined as to the character of the teaching given in them, and as to their general efficiency by Government officials, or by those duly appointed by the Boards of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have re peatedly said before. The bishops, as in duty bound, are making every sacritice to secure a good Catholic education for their own flocks; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as ruler's of a portion of the Church of Christ, and chief pastors of His flock, responsi ble to the Prince of Pastois for every sou'l com mitted to their charge, it is their first and para mount duty to attend to the pasture in which the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines with which they are nourished. But the rights which the bishops aud Catholics of these colonies claim for themselves they cheer fully grant to those of otlier communions. If they prefer mixed education, as far as we are con cerned, by all means let thein have it ; and should any other system be aggreeable to any particular sect, let them have their way, and let them be entitled to a proportionate share of the public funds destined for education, provided the secular teaching be found on enquiry and examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catho . lies, on the other hand, shall be always ready to admit the inspectors into our schools to examine their state and efficiency, and if on a fair and impartial examination they are found not to reach the standard as to thecourseof secular teach ing, let the Government aid be withdrawn. But if in our Catholic schools the course of secular teaching is found satisfactory, and to meet all the requirements of the law, let not the teaching of the Holy Catholic faith or of its holy prac tices deprive us of the pecuniary aids to which by the law of the land we may be entitled, and from which we should not be de barred on account of our religious and con scientious views. Behold, my lord, the great mission which is placed in your hands to-day. Like Jeremias the Prophet, you are made a fortified city to defend this diocese, to secure a good Catholic education for its Catholic people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your . rights ; and you are made a wall of brass over all this diocese to resist the aggresions and efforts of those in power who would banish from your Catholic schools that holy religion for | which your and their fathers bled and died. , ' For behold I have made you this day a forti- j tied city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of brass over all the lands, fco the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land. Be not afraid of their pre sence, for I will make thee »ot to fear their countenance, and they shall fight against thee, and shall nob prevail. For I am with thee, saitu the Lord, to deliver thee.' And our Divine Redeemer, when sending His Apostles on the same mission with which He charges you to-day, announced to them that they would be brought before governors, and before kings, and He said : — ' But when they shall deliver you up, be not thoughtful how or what to speak, for it shall be given you in that hour what to speak. For it is not you that speak, but the spirit of the Father that speaketh in you.' But it was not only to the kings and princes of Judah Oeremias was sent, but fco the priests and people of the land ; and so you fcj-day, my lord, are appointed the guide, the light, and father of both priests and people in this vast diocese. It is true that the priests now under your jurisdiction are, in mauy respects, like you, the helpers of God, His agents and instru ments, freely co-operating with Christ in that great work which he prizes so highly, on which His heart, was set for eternity, which caused Him fco come down to this earth, for which he laboured and died. They are your equals in that which is most sublime—the offer ing of the great sacrifice, and the ad ministration of many of the sacraments. But you now possess this power in its fulness ; and, moreover, it is under yonr authority that they discharge their duties, and exercise the solemn functions of the ministry. It is for you to assign to each one his sphere of action, to quicken, rule, and direct ; to be the eye that sees all, that watches over all, that is account able to God and responsible to men for all. To you alone belongs that authority which is the guardian and the pledge of faithful adherence to duty in this portion of the vineyard of the Lord. You have only to consider the variona I figures under which the Church of S ' and jour relation to it are represented to i form a correct idea of the character of voni ' sacred office The Church, you know, is reC I seated as the spouse of Jesus Christ, pure an.l undefilerl, not having Rpofc or wrinkle Her purity is entrusted to your guardianship It w tor you, with the powerful weapon I which God has placed in your hands, to tie! I serve that purity, ami to war aaaiust all that ' won d tarnish her beauty. If thia Cburch J ! .Adelaide, during her long widowhood, has suffered from any abuses or irregularities that may have crept in, ib will be your duty to remove them. You are called ou bv th« nature of your office to pr.otecfc aud defend her, aud to wage an incessant war against all that would sully her fair name. Alain the Church is represented as an ai-my m battle array, and you are placed at the head of this army, to guide and direct it in the great battle in which all are engaged against the world, the flesh, and the devil. All your flock are indeed fighting in the same cause -l but under your authority and command' \ And if you fail for want of viailance or I singleness of purpose, or devoteduess, it will j be vain to expect victory from the bravery of. ' those under your charge. The Church is a ' ship bearing a precious freight to the heavenJv I port through the troubled sea of this world I and you are its pilot, appointed to steer it through the rocks and quicksands that are - sure to come in its way in whatever course 1 ?you may direct it. If you fail in a viailanfc eye or a steady hand, nothing but confusion among those who are under your care, and total I wreck will be their lot. The Church is a house I — the house of Gfod ; you are are a steward in I that house; to you are committed all its trea- I sures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last I .day you may have to rejoice that you have been I God's faithful minister in dispensing the trea- ( sures that were entrusted to your safe keeping 1 Onerous duties have been imposed upon you to- I day ; all your efforts must be directed to the 1 interests of this Church of Adelaide, to which 1 you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble 1 bond, symbolized by the ring which has been put ' I upon your finger. The cross too has been placed I upon your breast to remind you that you will 1 have trials and afflction3, which must be borne I with all meakness and patience ; and the staff 1 which you bear in your hand reminds you of the I power and authority which you have received 1 from Jesus Christ for the edification of the I people entrusted to your pastoral care. And I yet, my lord, how differe'nt is ? your position 1 from that of the Prophet Jeramias, to whom I it was announced by the Lord that not I only the kings of Judah and the princes thereof, I but also the priests aud the people, should fight I against him, and yet he was to fear them not. I But you, my lord; are here to-day surrounded by I your priests and faithful people, who have come I here fco testify their affectioD, their loyalty, and I obedience to your sacred person, aad to assure I you that nothing will be wanting on their parts | to enlighten the heavy responsibilities of your || sacred office. Yes, my lord, you will allow m© If to say before I conclude, the position you hold f§ ought to encourage and sustain you in discharg- fl- ing the onerous duties which you undertake If to-day. The prelates, the e'ergy, aad the % people prostrate before the altar of God in thia f noble cathedral, have offered their fervent and jf united prayers that you be endowed with that | strength and fulness of the Spirit of God to | grovern this diocese with wisdom, moderation, | and firmness. This uuion which exists between fj you, the clergy, and your people, of which I see I signal proof before me in this vast congregation, | ia a pledge to me that this diocese under your | administration will be a fortified city, a pillar of I iron, a wall of brasB, and, like an army in battle i array, will advance to victory. | 