ST. BENEDICT'S CHURCH. Last Sunday evening, immediately after Benediction, a meeting of the parishioners was held in the boy's schoolroom. The Very Rev. Dean Sheridan presided, and explained thu object of the meeting, -which was to take into consideration (now that the debt on their church was all bid. liquidated) the important question of replacing the present unsigutiy anil uuapuiatcu sciioomouses oy suitable buildings as required by the Council c Education. As regarded the necessity of such a work the Rev. Dean thought they all agreed, though there might be some difference oi opinion as to the best means of attaining the contemplated end. He was of opinion (and he spoke from experience) that the plan which had worked so well elsewhere, and indeed in their own district during the last few months, viz., that of the parishioners enrolling their names for certain sums to be paid afterwards in ' small weekly contributions as might suit their convenience, the best they could adopt under existing circumstances. In undertaking a -work ' of such magnitude they relied as much on the zeal and efficiency of: the wardens and collectors as on the liberality of the congrega tion He hoped a holy emulation would spring up between both, and that 'all would bo mind ful of their own distinguished position in the Archdiocese, and sot about the work with a right good will, determined, with the Mes.-ing of God to prosecute it. and bring it to v. hhpp completion. He would not detain them longer by any further observations ot his, but .call upon .the mover of the first resolution. This resolution, which 'was ji.opostdby Mr. J. J. Cumin, and seconded by Mr. Mnoiiioiiamcn, declared that the' meeting deemed' it expedi' lit to erect school houses to replace the present,1 of such; a character as would satisfy the require : nients of the Education Act. ' The second reso lution, proposed by Mr. Uomiii, and' seconded by Mr: Mulcahy, was to the effect; tliat, lists should be opened,' and the .[parishioners re quested to guarantceby the enrolment of their aiames the payment of such sums as they could afford in small weekly contributions.' A vote of thanks, iu the form1 of a third resolution, moved by Rev. James Sheridan, and seconded by Mr. Finnigan,. was carried in favour cf the wardens and collectors, who opened the Avay for the 'present movement by paying off most of the church debt. At the close of the meeting, which was both large and enthusiastic, most of those present came forward and put down their names for various sums, contributing nearly £S0. After a vote of thanks, moved by Father A thy, for the generosity and the admirable spirit manifested that evening, the proceedings were brought to a close. ? .. ^^» ? ? Held Over —Several letters and some reports are unavoidably held ?over'' till-, next week. ' . St. Stanislaus. — We have been obliged to keep back the report of the beautiful sermon cf h s Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane, preached on Sunday last at Bathurst. It will be published in full in our next issue. Diocese op Bathurst. — On Tuesday, 9th September, a diocesan synod was held in Bathurst, called together by the following cir cular from his Lordship the' Bishop of the dio cese :— ' Feast of St. Bernard, August 20 th, 1S73. ? Dear Sir, — 1 have frequently expressed my intention of convoking a diocesan synod, as soon as practicable after the reception of the decrees of the Second Provincial Council of Australia. They are now to hand, and the accompanying document informs you of the time and place ot holding the synod. According to the usage of the Church, you will instruct your flock to be specially assiduous in prayer and other good work that the blessing, of- Heaven may be upon us and the deliberations of the council. 1 am. rev. dear sir, yoms faithfully, in Christ, + Matthkw Quinx.' We understand the ceremonies attending it were most imposing. The faithful attended in great numbers at the Mass of the Holy Ghost. The Bishops, of Bris bane, Maitland, Goulburn, and Armidale, the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, Father Kirk, and several clergymen from other dioceses, w. re present. Rev. J. O'Connor, D.D.— The above popular preacher and lecturer, delivered two sermons last Sunday, in the morning- at eleven o'clock Mass at St. Francis's, Hayniar ket, and in the evening at St. Augustine's Balmain. On both occasions the churches were, crowded. Next Sunday he will preach at eleven o'clock Mass at St. Benedict's, ? .where those who have not heard him yet will have an oppor tunity of doing so . Tea Party and Entertainment at St. Fraxcis. — On Wednesday evening last, a tea party and entertainment was given in St. Francis' Hall, in aid of the debt remaining on the building. About 500 persons were present, who partook of the good tilings provided. After the overture by the band, a judiciously selected programme was gone through by the Victoria Minstrels, which, judging from the plaudits of the audience, gave satisfaction. On the previous Monday the usual weekly temper ance entertainment took place. New Catholic Church, Burro wa. — On Sunday, August 31, after 11 o'clock Mass, a meeting of the Catholics of Burrowa was held in the school-room, Brial-strcet, to take into consideration the desirability of erecting a new church. Those assembled evinced a very ardent desire to further the object, being very unanimous in placing their names down, for subscriptions of large amounts; The. amount of promised subscriptions, upwards of .£'500, ? reflects the highest credit upon those in attend ance, and says much for the prosperity of the town and district. The meeting was addressed by the Rev. J. Dunne, who expressed his regret that Mr. J. N. Ryan was not present as chair man. He drew attention to the state of the present church, an- 1 to its utter inadaptability tor tlieir requirements, .nesoiutions urging tne necessity of the erection of a new Catholic Church at Burrowa, and appointing a committee to carry out all arrangements, were then moved and adopted. The Rev. J. Dunne and Mr. J. N. Ryan were elected treasurers, Mr. T. H. Corcoran secretary. Newspaper Postage- tax. — On Thurs day Mr. Parkes introduced a Bill foi the aboli tion of this tax, which was read a first time Mudger Election — The declaration of the poll took place on Tuesday, wlien the following'numbers were announced ': — Mr Scully, 5515; Mr. A. A. O Connor, SSI ; Mr. Church, 995; Mr. J. G. O'Connor, 1(318. Mr. J. G. O'Connor was declared duly elected. Stuck-up. — A. Chinaman storekeeper was stuck up on Monday between Major's Creek and Jeinbaicumbene by two men dis guised, who searched him but did not find anything, though he had a few pounds on him. Alleged LiBEL.-i-Mrs.- Ann Casey was cm Wednesday summoned to the Central Police Court, to answer a complaint ?preferred aizainst her by George Frederick Dausey, !..»? ] laving written to the Mayor of Sydney a letter in. which, she imputed to complainant \\. iiful and corrupt perjury. FA'idcce x. a* giv, i, tt- prove fcliac d. lon.,.i:::, was tin.- wi .:r oi'-he letter, wIim was til..-.:, cd.u nitted t.. l,,.:-e her i rial at the ne\i. criinin.il . (onrt. -.Mr.-,. Case} liad been, fined -m tin; 4.,h .J..1110 hi-t.'iu:- not,' i,.-. |,i,)ir l,Rr .yard clean, \\-v. jf-.n^ey iniiig ;i uiini -, s.-£iii *t her. Mrs. Casey avers that her yard was per fectly clean at the time, and she produces the t stimony in 'iippov't of her nV-scrtion ofl«onrd ers and servants. She avers tliat ihe eoi parti tion officers were not inside her 'yanl, aim that she was unjustly fined'.' ' She thereupon 'wrote the letter to 1 he mayor which now forms the basis of the libel charge. BUNGENDORE. — A correspondent writes : —This usually quiet little town was enlivened on Friday the 29th ultimo, by the strains, of the town brass band, which was invited by Mr. John M'Mahon of the Australian stores, to hon our the arrival of his father-in-law, Mr. Michael Doyle and two daughters, from Scot land, with a warm *'Cead Maella Failthe' worthy of his native land — the Emerald Isle. The band arriving in the evening at Mr. M'Mahon's, rendered beautifully 'The Bonny Hills of Scotland,' and several other pieces well worthy of more practised perform ers ; after which they were kindly entertained and remunerated. It is seldom the lot of friends arriving in the colonies to be so agrecably surprised, or so affectionately met. ' But it is the hereditery endowment of the Irish race, as shown by Mr. Michael M'Mahon. The Opera. — Messrs. Cagli and Lyster open at the Victoria Theatre, on Monday next, their new opera season. The announcement must be a perfect relief to playgoers. Messrs. Cagli and Lystt-r have, in addition t«- the mem bers of their former company, secured the services of the chief members ofMadame States company. Thirty-one- operas, several of these new to a Sydney audience, will be, it is announced, produced The enterprising ' entre preneurs' here have just concluded a most successful season in Melbourne, and it is but just to expect that their venture' in this city will meet with the patronage and support they must truly deserve. Sir Charles G-avan Duffy. — Sir C.' Ci avan Duffy delivered a lecture on Monday last, on 'Eu'iope of the present day.' The Academy of Art. — In an interview had with Mr. Parkes by Mr. Combes aud Mr. Monteh'ore, that gentleman expressed himself favourable to the objects of the institution, and requested that the views of the council, relative to their request for some Government support, might be submitted to him for consideration. .Railway Meeting. — A. monster rail way meeting was held at Glen Innes on Mon day. Resolutions favourable to a line front Graf ton to there were carried unanimously. A. league was forme- 1 to promote its construction. An Infant Found. — The dead body of a male infant was found in Sparked paddock, ofl' Mitcheli's-road, in the borough of Alexandra, on Monday morning. It was slightly decom posed, so' much so that it was impossible to tell whether it had been born dead or alive. The Water Supply. — The water served out to those portions of the city and suburbs , supplied from the lower level was oa Sunday and Monday brackish. On Saturday evening the tide was unusually high, and the 'strong southerly gale caused the waves at Botany to wash Over the sluice gate into the. reservoir, v - - ' Drowned. — A child named Sheehan, residing at Campbell's'. River, was drowned in. the M a equarie on the 5th instant. Suffocated.— A child of Mr. Owen, of Bathurst, wa- found accidentally suffocated to. death in bed on the 6th instant. Sudden Death. — -An old man named Isaac Heed was, on the 5th instant, convicted at Bathurst of cattle-stealing and was remanded for. sentence. He was found dead in his cell next morning. Death resulted from disease o the heart. Government Measures. -A bill to repeal the imposition of postage upon news papers ; and to make better provision for the insane, were introduced by Mr. Parkes, on. Wednesday. ? The Electoral Bill will be intro duced in a fortnight, and it is the intention of the Government that the Legislative Council Bill shall on this occasion be introduced into the Legislative Council. Thu Public Vehicles Act. — The ?full court has decided in favour of the validity of the by-laws of the Transit Commissioners. Cook's River Dam. — A deputation waited on the Minister for Works on Monday, relative to the Cook's River dam They pointed out that, owing to there being but' one sluica at the' northern end of the dam, the water -i/o wie wesu oi trie uain cm ring Heavy rain, rose to such a height as to submerge a considerable portion of the surrounding dis trict. Tlie remedy could be found in tlie con struction of another sluice, or in laying ;v number of earthenware pipes through the dam at a height convenient for the efiiux of the water. Mr. Sutherland was not prepared to state what course it would be best for him to take The dam was in the St. Peter's munici pality, and the Government were scarcely in a position to expend money upon work not in, tlieir own hands. He promised to obtain the report of the Engineer for Roads as to the best means of remedying the grievance complained of. Wollongong. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of this district will be held oa the 16th instant to consider the best means of procuring the formation of a Sydney aud Illa wami railway. 