MELBOURNE CUP PROSPECTS. Bv Beacon. After the Metropolitan had been decided, and Horatio was declared to have won so I easily as to have been unapproachable, I owners of Cup horses looked very glum in- deed, accepting this great public trial as an augury of what might be their fate in the space of two short months. For a timo 1 they lost heart, and speculation on the I sporting bourse was a dead letter. A re action has, however, set in, and men I appear again to be enjoying the confidence of their own opinions. King of Clubs came into notice, and was backed for a good deal of money, though not in large parcels ; then I Don Juan became the hero of the hour, while a moderate support was accorded Fitzyattendon and Lapidibt. Each week will, no doubt, bring forward something fresh to remind us that all is not over yet, and possibly it may again be in reserve for a first favorite to be returned a losor for the famed Melbourne Gup. My present intention is to classify the field, and I shall commence by drafting those I think least likely to come to the post, or if they do, to carry off tho prize. First comes a horse I have a Btrong regard for when fit and under a burden he can carry, and that is the game little Prophet, who stood to be dead out of thiB race. All through the winter 1 maintained that Dag- worth was more than a 61b. bettor horse than the son of New Warrior, and it was tested and proved at Hawkesbury. Next chmes Patriarch, who has been sold to Mr. H. Phillips, to replace Panic at tho stud at Bryan O'Lynne. who will be a non-Btarter. Then, Priam, one of the first chosen when the weights came out, I shall include in this class, because, if his running was cor rect at Randwick, and I believe it was, 1 sec no reason why he should do better here. Besides, there is reason to believe that he is . a cur. At any rate, there is a radical wrong somewhere, for he ne ver runs up to his private trials. The Arrow, the misused Arrow, for the handicappers were hard indeed on this little horse when they made him nearly tho best of his year, ' can have no chance. This I maintained from the first, and now I have' seen him perform at this age f under a-7 st.' 9 lb. weight I dm' more convinced than over that ho is not in it, and more, that ' it would require pounds to be taken off his back to1 bring him to tho ' front. , Kingfisher has not a ghost of a show, and I do not at all like the look of Contessa ; sho looks not to be within pounds of her- last year form, and if she runs tho first day, why, we know what is sure to happen beforo tho Cup race is called on. Cyclops ia ont of place and out of distance too, at least in this company, and I have no confidence in Valentine over two miles with 7 st. 9 lb. up. j Misty Morn went wrong in Sydney, but is likely to join in the fray. Indox has lots of pace, hut his staying is questionable, still he is one of the best outsiders. Lord Lyon1 and Nydia are not likely to come over, I and did they, I. could stand neither for tho I Cup, .though they would be at homo in Borne | of tM other races. Pcrtobe is sadly.. ;ovor-' I.Tated) and' out of place/ Victorian's pre- I tension's are small, though Western Aust-: Valia may deem him a crack, and be fondlv I hugging themselves with the notion that lie I wilfdstonish us, and ' gviiti fy" lliei r" lid pes and -fulfil' their dreams. Ho will be a starter however, unless a conviction of hia iucoin- I" potency is forced upon the stable the lirst I day, which is not at all unlikely. Brolga should never pay up, and Strop has lost too I much pace to aspire to " cups " in the I sore and yellow of his age. Why 1 put I Fearnaught here ia because I do not think I he is sharp enough for such a venture, and he gallops too high to hopo to stay two miles. I besides I do not think he will reach hiB best I until he has run several races. Lady Athol I does not impress me with being a stayer, but I sho is a Stockwell, and lias a light weight. I I have not yet seen her, though I question j whether I should alter my opinion if I had. I The hurdleroco horse, Dawn of Day, may be I able to stay under this weight ; but has he I brilliancy enough? He has not yet shown I it, and like Bismarck, I oxpect the best argument against them- is that there arc | better cattle in their respective stables. Hindu, Kettledrum, Gratis, and The King | are not as good. Of tho three-year-olds those I least prefer are Kingliko anil Specu lation ; neither can as yet stay. Then 1 cannot so soon trust Rose d' Amour, and 1 fancy Alarm and Sultan have their superiors. I find I have put twenty-nine right I out of tho Cup, which is nearly I equivalent to offending twenty -niuo I owners, in which case somo, worse luck, will I stand offended twice over. So, let mo add I my apology at once ; 1 say that I did not I iqean that it should be so. It is only an j opinion after all. The next lot I leave to I the future, as I have never seen them, and J am oniy acquainted with their running by 1 secondhand information. They are Protos, J Newbold, Ace of Trumps, Ithaca, Mentor, I My Lady, Triton, Goshawk, Castaway, and I Gauntlet. Now come a wholo lot of horses I decidedly . in this race, though I cannot 1 admit them to the first division for diverse t reasons, yet it ia quite possible that a hot I favorite may come from their midst, and j perhaps the winner, and I may have to I acknowledge his pretensions, but at the pre- I sent moment thero are others 1 prefer. It is l a fair argument that if The Ace, with 9 st. 141b., and Dagwortli, with 9st. 51b., were I easily beaten for the Metropolitan Stakes in .1 a slow race they cannot hopo to better I their position under 9Bt. 9 lb. I shall not I take this line however, because, owing to I circumstances, neither ran up to their form, I but I do Bav that it is most improbable that either will get to the end of two miles under such heavy burdens, and when tho pace is forced from the jump, and much as 1 regard Hamlet, making allowance for all the im- frovement likely to be made in his condition, am compelled to say 1 think that the weight will stop him also. According to Exile's running in Sydnoy ho must be out of it, if lie was fully prepared, which is the question. I cannot, however, have him for a winning horse. King Tom forfeits his chance when a boy is on his back, and the beautiful French filly Girondc, I am afraid has not the substance for such a race as this. Wollomai is a slashing goer and a long strider, of whom I have not yet seen enough to form a correct estimate, and has but little to carry, so with him perhaps there is room to hope. And Evorsly hns shown plenty of pace in his races in tho Eastern district, so I must leave him with this lot until 1 know more of him, and I must confess to know next to nothing about Sunlight at the present. The well and highly bred Lothair is thrown in, and there is no reason why he should not be ids good as anything in the race, very good tidings reach me of him; but he once had an attack of tho nasal disease which may come against him in the winding up. There is a good 4 yr-old in the chesuut Imperial, and should he be a better stayer than his stable companion Bonjiroo lie will be up to his neck in this cup. Few horses arc looking or going better. I am in tho dark as to Starlight at present, and lancer I have never yet seen run, though 1 think I have classed him as high as is necessary for this meeting. Lastly come Dagmar and Seaspray from a most dangerous stable; thoy arc highly bred, have light weights, and come from runuing families, still I think that they are over matched when they meet Fitz Yattendon and Lapidist fit. Fourteen more out of it, I I fancy I hear some one say on reading tho j above; now then, what is left in ? Well, at the time of writing I like beat Horatio, King of Clubs, M'Callum Mohr, Early Morn, Don Juan, Benjiroo, Steeltrap, Lapidist, and Fitz Yattendon. And I do not think that any bookmaker would be found scrambling to get the fiold against them for an even monkey, 