The Hospital Committee, at its meeting yes terday evening, very properly decided against having a diphtheria ward in the hospital itself. The reasons against such a proposal are so strong that one is led to wonder that it was ever made. No person- who has read the evidence taken by the Diphtheria Commission can doubt for a moment the danger of patients suffering from this disease being treated in a public hospital, and it is, therefore, gratifying to know that the committee of our local insti tution has rejected any such scheme. Still, there can be no doubt that some better method of treating the disease than now exists is urgently necessary. In many cases whole families are affected through a single sufferer not being isolated, and many lives are lost in consequence of the impossibility of keeping a patient separate in an ordinary household. The Hospital Committee, however, does not see its way to bearing the expense of the erection of a separate building, and has pecided the local boards health other words the iqunicipal oonri tb the matter. We holdthat an isolated building, even if it were in 'sbnie pojjion df -lie hospital grounds, might meet the-n'ecessi- I ties of the case, provided always that/the pia-f tients were not visited by the;; honorary inedii [ cal officers in the ordinaryiourse ; of their hospital duties. We think that it would be r ®W ,and ..dangerous ..for. ..these ..gentlemen to treat diphtheria patients and then pro i ceed to their practice, since they might carry- ; the - disease with them and spread it far and wide. There are numerous cases on record, some almost at our very doors, in which the disease has been carried home by kindly visitors to a sick family, and the disease has been set up even when the person who conveyed it to a new locality has not suffered from it. What is required, therefore, is, a separate building, with a medical attendant specially devoted to the work; the same pre cautions, in fact, as are adopted in the case of an outbreak of small-pox. Under these circumstances, it can hardly ,he ' ex pected that any hospital wiU undertake to bear the expense l and responsibility/riof is it probable that the, municipal councils will see their way to erect a suitable building and pay the salary of a competent medicah atten dant, . The matter is, in fact, one . with which the Government ought to deal The Govern ment bears the expense of stamping out small pox, and we apprehend that the public money would be well laid out if diphtheria could be practically subdued, if not extinguished alto gether. No doubt, our local hospital would be willing to give all ; the help in its power; the interest taken in the question shows that it would do so; but we holdthat the Government may be fairly asked to provide a suitable uiuuuug in wmcn pauema may oe isolated and treated with all the skill which medical men can bring to bear upon their cases. We com mend this to the notice of the municipal coun cils, with which the next move appears to be. Me F. W. Newman has a paper in Fraser in which 1m proposes to turn the Sunday to bet ter account, better account, that is, from his point of view., He says the Sabbath, properly so called, is Saturday, and that the Christian Sunday was not originally intended to be a Sabbath in the Puritan or Evangelical sense, but should be a day for worship, for works of philanthropy, for education, for recreation. He would have the churches hold short early ser vices and then use their buildings for platform purposes, so that the leisure of the day might be used for purposes, of public discussion and; consequent education on ail,topics pf benefit to the community. We only mention this to pick. out one, of the lessons he" says may profitably be taught, to wit, “the.duty of politeness and. distance between young men and women.’? If Mr-Newman had seen the ghosts of ’ all the departed reputations whose death was due to the want of that duty being fulfilled in Victoria, he could not have hit the weak place in our social life more ac curately. The ‘rudeness and coarseness of the; manners of our young people are closely allied to the growing vice which makes what is called ■seduction, and what is certainly child-murder and birth-hiding more and more common.; And the want of the “ politeness and distance ” which‘Mr Newman speaks pf, and which is visible and audible any day and night in our. streets and public places of resort, is unques tionably due in the main to the want of home control. There is a terrible sequence in all social crimes or errors, as inevitable as fate, and we are seeing this in the increasing herd of young prostitutes, of seductions, of infanti cide, and all the other ills of. : that horrible kinship. There is a great want of “ politeness and distance ” in home circles. The source; must be. pure, Or the issuing waters cannot be, and the immense; help to right thoughts. and right conduct which is given by habits of “ politeness and distance” at home cannot easily be divined by the thoughtless parent or the untrained child. Mutual respect is both cause and consequence of, true politeness, and where there is mutual respect between “ young men and women,” the hideous vagaries of larrikin ism are impossible. We quite agree with Mr Newman that any application of the leisure of the Sunday which would help to make our boys and girls, young men and young women, more polite and distant, and so more respectful one towards the other,'would be a great gain to the nation in a thousand good ways. The battle of the oath, unlike that of free dom, is often fought and'never won. Never,, that is, as yet. It. has been raging for years, and ourselves were with the earliest in the struggle for a more rational system of con ducting that part, of oiir jurisprudence. Many years ago we urged the reforms now gradually rising into greater demand, and as the Attorney-General has introduced a large scheme of legal reform, it is to be hoped that the old oath will be got rid of and a simply secular form be used instead. This will be in accord with the Attorney-General’s, educational scheme, and will get rid of a heap of impiously used old-world theological verbiage. All that is wanted is a challenge to speak the ; whole truth under pain of punishment for wilful falsehood either of speech or silence. “Lex,” in Saturday’s Argus, proposes the adoption of the Scotch form of oath, the judge and witness both standing and holding up their right hands whilst the judge administers the following oath :—“I swear by Almighty God, as I shall answer to God at the great day of judgment, that I well tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.” “ Lex” is of opinion this would re duce the amount of peijury, -but we are not at all of that opinion, while the oath prescribed is open to nearly all the objections of the Eng lish oath, and has some special ones of its own. It is a, declaration of distinct doctrinal theology, and therefore inadmissible in a public place where the business is purely secu lar, and where people of all shades of faith and no faith meet and act together. The abolition of all remnants of doctrinal theology in our Law courts is the necessary sequel to the advance made by the State in its notions of its relations with the churches, and is the complement of the secular scheme of education now in vogue. We trust, therefore, that in the grand measure of law reform about to be inaugurated the sweeping away of all those discordant elements will be decided on, and witnesses not be called on to swear at all, by God or by any theologi cal prescription whatever, but. simply to tell “the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.” 