THE NOVEMBER PERIODICALS. The chaplain-general of the British army . discourses like a field officer in Fraser on the subject of the autumn manoeuvres, pooh poohed the idea of England being invaded, undertakes to lay down the plan of a campaign of resistance should the attempt be made, declares that the Imperial army is full of talent, and asserts that if it has fair play these autumn manoeuvres will do for it all that similar exercises have indirectly done for the Prussian army. In a paper entitled "A Bad Five Minutes in the Alps," the writer attempts to describe the train of reflections with respect to the past and of speculations concerning the future which would pass through the mind of a man with death staring him in the face, he himself being in the full possession of all his faculties. Some curious particulars are furnished of the Panthays of Yunnan, by an ex-secretary of legation in China. But could any man of average education indicate the position of this province on the map of the world? Mr. Proctor continues his attractive gossip all those stupendous movements and distances of the heavenly bodies, in attempting to estimate the magnitude of which the mind becomes almost dizzy. How, for example, can we grasp the idea of the vastness of the space occupied by the Great Bear, when we are told that two of the stars in this constellation Beta and Zeta-are separated by an interval 100,000 times greater than that which divides the earth from the sun? Mr. M. D, Conway contributes an essay on Demonology, in which he exhibits the universality of the belief in evil spirits, as well as the uniformity of the elementary notions entertained regarding their nature and operation. Some sensible remarks on the education question, by a working engineer, tend to BLOW "that the great educational weakness of the mass of the people lies, not in the number of them who are not sent to school at all, but in the miseducation of those of them who are sent." It is the general intellect of the child that should be cultivated, he argues, and not the mere power of memory alone. A specially valuable paper, headed " Six Months of Prefecture under Gambetta," throws some light upon the causes of the collapse of France in the late war, upon the demoralisation of the people by Csarism, and upon the odious system of espionage and priestcraft, which has been responsible for so many of the evils which the nation has endured, than anything that has yet appeared in print. Against the bigotry, the poltroonery, the ignorance, and the cupidity of the French peasantry, the energy of Gambetta found it utterly impracticable to contend and the only wonder is that he was successful in organising any kind of resistance in the provinces. Nothing but an ardent faith in France could have sustained him in such an emergency. The worst enemy he had to contend with was a narrow minded and priest-ridden peasantry, too cowardly to fight in defence of their country, and too parsimonious to contribute to the support of those who would. An ingenious attempt is made by Professor Maury, in the Quarterly Journal of Science, to show that in conformity with the law of storms, which defines all gales or hurricanes to be great whirlwinds, in which the winds blow in circuits around an axis vehicular inclined, cyclones are simply the result of the conflict of the two great trade winds. What the meteorologist now needs to accomplish is to produce a chart of the upper atmosphere and when this has been accomplished the science of storm warning will have been greatly advanced. An account of the ninoipholithiemomunents of Brittany, by Captain Oliver, leaves the question of their origin like that of Stonehenge, as much in the dark as ever. According to a paper on artificial light, a new path in the science of across- tion has been opened up by the machine which has been constructed in France by M. Dupuy de Lorne. This, it seems, can he worked against the air by means of a screw, with the labour of eight men, and can be propelled in any direction. An interesting paper on the raw material and the manufacture of paper serves to show how far behind the Japanese the people of Europe are in turning this article to useful account. Fancy saucepans and waterproof coats fabricated of paper ! In an essay on the physiological position of tobacco, smokers are warned that the habit they indulge in is one which poisons the body and enfeeble the mind, and that it is sapping the foundations of the national life. " It must be clearly understood," we are told, " that the temporary excitement produced by tobacco is gained by the destruction of vital force, and that it contains absolutely nothing which can be of use to the tissues of the body. It may spur n weary brain or feeble nun to undue exertion for a short time ; but its work is destructive, not constructive." The Overland Monthly has now been in existence for nearly five years, and improves in character as it increases in age. The fact that California, with one fifth less population than that of Victoria, should be able to produce and support a first-class periodical of this kind, is one highly creditable to the people of that state. In the list of contributors, we find the names of men like Bret Unite, Joaquin Miller, "MarkTwain,",C. W. Stmldaid, and others of lesser note ¡ and new writers of ability are always coming to the front. The current number contains an essay from the pen of Professor Agassiz, and a clever description of the Mother Lode of California, which is said to be one of the largest and best defined melnl-lioaring lodes every discovered ; boingacontinuousfissure 70 miles long formed by some single movement of nature, and filled with nearly homogeneous material throughout. Alivelyskotch of "Queen Elizabeth's California''epitomises the story of Probischer's voyage thither and "A Romance of China Bend shows that the author of "The Luck of lloaring'Camp" has some skilful competitors in his own particular line of homely narrative. A new contributor named Eugene Anthurso pro- mises to make his mark in the literature of the state and the poetical portion of the magazine is above the average A holiday tourist in Spain contributes to JStac fatigued a readable description of some of the towns San Sebastian among the rest which dot the shores of the Bay of Biscay. The best thing in his paper is the epigrammatic sentence with which it concludes, and in which he anticipates the speedy disappearance from the country of convents and tail-lights, because he is averse to believe " that any nation will be found so cruel and superstitious as to derive thoirenjoymonlfrom for tilling bulls, and their hopes of salvation from torturing themselves." Mrs. Oliphant's recently-published ' Memoir of Count de Montalembert" is eulogistically,,¡reviewed and is described as fascinating as the hero himself.'' Its leading facts are epitomised in a narrative in about a dozen pages, and the salient features of his character are presented in a sufficiently strong light, without conceal- ing from the render, however, that strange weakness in Moutalombort's mind' which caused him to believe in Louis ' Napoleon, and to continue to do , so, after the coup d'etat. and was a i picturesque historian, an eloquent orator, and an earnest politician ; . but his mind was always in leading strings! ' An essay on La Bruyere, suggested by the issue in France of a new and handsome edition of his works, sketches his life, analyses his writings, and selects some of the best of his pithy characterise tions of humanity. The concluding article is devoted to a discussion of the questions whether the autumn manoeuvres of the many were successful ? whether the money voted for them by Parliament has been judiciously' expended and whether the experi- ! mentotightto be repeated towards the close of the present year ? All of which are answered in the affirmative by the writer, who appears to be an officer in the army, and not an aged one, for he contends that only the youngest possible officers should be employed in all high positions during such manoeuvres and adds that, " Until the country is prepared to come forward and provide for its old generals, by giving them good life pensions, we cannot hope to see their services dispensed with, nor military commands bestowed upon the best men for them." He points out that Wellington won great victories by being ahead of his rivals in appreciating the tactical requirements of his time, and goes on to say : " Soldiers with a knowledge of their profession, as taught i by recent wars, felt sad as they witnessed the engagements near Salisbury, where the slow formations of an obsolete system of tactics were practised under the approving eyes of so many of our generals," Reviewing the whole affair, the writer in Blackwood arrives at the conclusion, that "it is impossible to estimate in money, or even to describe fully in words, the advantages accruing to the combatants of our army from these manoeuvres." Dr. Holmes is evidently bringing his "Poet at the Breakfast Table to a conclusion in the Atlantic Monthly and is marrying off two of his interlocutors. The story if story it can be called-is tesselated with wise and witty remarks and often upon themes irrelevant to the ostensible topic of discussion. Thus, after touching upon the nature and grace of the theologians, he shoots his train of thought into a siding in this wise : "What is the secret of the profound interest which Darwinism ' has excited in the minds and hearts of more persons than dare to confess their doubts and hopes? It is because it restores nature to its place as a true Divine manifestation. It is that it re- moves the traditional curse from that help- less infant lying in its mother's arms. . . . If development upward is the general law, of the race ; if we have grown, by natural evolu- tion out of the cave-man, and even less human forms of life, we have everything to hope from the future." Mr. Parton continues his biographical sketches of Jefferson, and presents us with an animated narrative of what befell him during the latter portion of his residence in Paris at the outbreak of the Revolution. Mr. J. Fiske contributes an able, dissertation on the primeval ghost world, in which he travels over a very wide field of fact and tradition, and exhibits the prevalence among nearly all savage tribes of a belief in the existence of a soul, or other self, capable of going away from the body and of returning to it. This is held very firmly by the Maries. Under the title of " A Prodigal in Tahiti," Mr. C. W. Stoddard portrays with singular vividness the social life and scenery of that island, interspersing his word-pictures with humorous comment, and interesting the reader almost as much in the person who sees as in his descriptions of what he sees. It is not often so much fun is got out of dilapidated shoe leather as in the following paragraph I had a boot with a suction in the too ; there is dust. in Papute ; while I walked that boot loaded and discharged itself in a manner that amazed and amused a small mob of little natives who followed me in my free exhibition, advertising my shooting boot gratuitously." Mr. Stoddard has a style of his own, distinct from that of the author of The Innocents Abroad, and he is occasionally as diverting as that amusing traveller, while he excels him in pictorial description. Although we miss from the poetical contributions the customary tribute from Whittier, Longfellow, or Lowell, there are some graceful verses by Miss Spafford, Miss Rose Tony, and Miss Bushnell respectively ; while the reviews under the head of literature, art, and music, constitute an excellent feature in this popular magazine. 