MEETING AT STRATHALBYN. Yesterday afternoon, August 11, a mooting, called by the Mayor (Mr. W. Colman), in com pliance with a requisition, was held at Hooper's Hotel, Strathalbyn, for the purpose of con sideling the question of the construction of a railway from Adelaide to the litvor Murray. About €0 persons were present, and tho Mayor presided. The Chairman read apologios for non-atten dance from the Hon. Thomas Iloynelds and Mr. W. Rogers, M.P.'s for Encounter Bay, stating that as they had already uddrossod a mooting at Victor Harbour they did not consider it 'necessary to attend. Mr. Boynulds montionod that he had been almost blind for noma duys, and that although bettor ho was anxious to avoid exposure. Tho Chairman also montionod that Dr. Ferguson was ,unahIo to attond, as ho had been called away professionally. Mr. E. J. Hector moved— " That it is inexpedient to construct a rail road from Adolaido to tho Itivor Murray, tho existing facilities boingsufficient for tho present trade." The Murray was already connected with Ado laido by tbroo macadamized roads—one to Blaucbctowu, one to Munuum, and ouo to Milang. Besides, there was a railway from Goolwa to Victor Harbour, and a groat doal of money had been spent in making Victor Har bour an available port. At prosont tho whole traffic of tho Darling was convoyed by ouo of these routes; some of it was brought down tho river and landed at Blanchotown, soino came to Mannum, some to Milang, and somo to Goolwa and Victor Harbour. I t bad boon assorted by some of the merchants in Adolaido that tho delay in the transport of wool from any ono of these ports was so great that wo wore likely to lose the trade. Now thoro scorned to bo no difficulty in getting the wool from tho river to Adelaide. It was only a question of time. The time usually occupied was about two and a half days for teams. There was also a difficulty at Port Victor. The vessels did not get loaded up sufficiently quick, and a great deal of time was lost. In order to got quicker dispatch for wool to England it was proposed to construct a railway to Mannum at an estimated cost of £400,000. This was accord ing to one engineer's estimate, but it was not confirmed by the estimates of other engineers, which varied from £800,000 to £1,000,000. The whole of the outlay was for the sake of getting about 18,000 bales of wool down the Darling, because it was impossible for us to get the trade from the Murrumbidgee District, which was now in the hands of Melbourne. The Darling trade amounted to 18,000 bales, but the merchants expected to be to able to wrest the Murrumbidgee as well as the Darling trade from Victoria. In order to make people believe that the trade was very important some very fallacious figures bad been read befere the Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Char nock's estimate of the area of the country which was adjacent to the various rivers—the Darling, Murrumbidgee, and Murray—was 200,000 square miles, and he estimated that in 10 years hence it would contain 15,000,000 sheep. They knew very well it contained only 5,000,000, so the numbers would have to increase very vastly during the next 10 years. Of course the sheep were of mixed sexes and ages, so it would be a very rapid increase, and much faster than the natural increase. That was one error. Another was that the sheep would produce 6£ lbs. of wool each. Many gen tlemen there were well acquainted with the pro duce of Merino sheep, and they knew very well whether flocks of sheep of all ages and both sexes would get 6J lbs. of wool each. (Mr. Lander—"Yes.") The Riverina country was expected to contain 15 millions of sheep in ten years' time. Now the area of Victoria, which was the pick of Australia as regarded grass, was 86,000 square miles. It was estimated by Mr. Charnock that the Riverina country was as good as the pick of Australia, but they knew that it was subject to periodical droughts, when the sheep died by thousands, and sheep could not be expected to do as well as in Victoria. Vic toria contained about 6^ millions of sheep; there fore, according to Mr. Charnock, the Riverina country would have to be as rich as Victoria to keep the number of sheep that he estimated it would contain. Tasmania had} % good climate, and contained a large number of sheep in comparison to ber acreage. The area of that colony was 23,000 square miles, and she contained 700,000 sheep. If Riverina, with a very inferior climate, and subject to periodical droughts, were to contain as many sheep per square mile as Tasmania with her supe rior climate, it would only contain 13 million sheep. He thought Mr. Charnock had not been particular in his figures. He bad done all he could to make the trade appear very large, so as to make it appear that the railway would pay. He thought the whole project was prema ture. Some day or other 'a railway might be required—(" No")—to Mannum, Blanchetown, or North-West -Bend, but at the present time we had a great many other things to do. The Northern areas were crying out for roads, rail ways, ports, and all sorts of things, and it would be a mere waste of money to make a railway to the Murray at present. Besides, we had not labour to do everything. If we did one we could not do another. If this railway were projected and passed, the money would be diverted from works in our own province. He thought it was more important to develop our own resources, which brought in taxes and brought in public revenue, than to do anything for the benefit of another colony. Mr. J as. Rankiwe seconded. He certainly considered that it would be highly inexpedient to construct a railway from Adelaide to the Murray, even granting that Mr. Charnock's statistics were perfectly true. He had given the subject a good deal of consideration, and excepting the Adelaide merchants he could not see any way in which a railway would benefit the people of South Australia generally. Of course it would be a great benefit to the merchants, and also to the Riverine squatters; but it was for them to consider whether it would be wise to incur such a large debt for the purpose of benefiting so small a class of the community. It was well known to all there, he imagined, that goods going up the river would pay no duty to this colony, the Govern ment having agreed to pay £13,000 per annum to New South Wales as the estimated duty upon all goods going there. Previously to that arrangement the duties were paid at the ports on the river, Goolwa, Milang, and Mannnm, from which the goods were shipped. This arrangement was, in his opinion, £13,000 given into the bands of the Adelaide merchants— certainly a class of people who required no assistance from the general community. Had this railway been one to the Northern areas, or anywhere else in Sobth Australia, the revenue would have been benefited by the Customs on goods sent there, the land through which the railway ran would be enhanced in value, and probably a ready sale would be found for • hundreds of thousands of acres, is which way the colony would be reimbursed for outlay. It also appeared to him that a railway was altogether unnecessary, and that the present facilities were quite enough for the Murray trade. They had plenty of horses, and they could soon make wagons and find men enough to take all the traffic from Mannum or any other port on the river; ail the_ merchants had to do was to offer a suitable price. The merchants said this was a question of time. He supposed they meant a delay ef several weeka. But the time occupied by wagons would not be a great deal behind that which would be occupied in carrying goods down by rail. He would confirm what Mr. Hector had said as to the inaccuracy of Mr. Charnock's statistics as to the wool which would come down from the rivers. He believed his estimate of 225,000 bales was 70,000 too much. In his experience of merinos he found that a hundred fleeces went to a bale; and, taking lambs into account—which would form at least a fifth of the 15,000,000 sheep—he ceuld not estimate the quantity of wool* they would yield at more than 70,000 bales less than Mr. Charnock did. (Mr. Lander— " No.") The Chamber of Commerce in the letter which they addressed to the Treasurer to 1 encourage tbe Government to bring in a Bill for tbe completion of the proposed railway admitted that the railway if constructed would, not pay working expenses for years. - Well, that was a great deal for the promoters of anything to admit. They generally took a more sanguine view of matters than afterwards appeared was justified, -and he thought they might very safely conclude that the line would. never pay expenses. It appeared that already the expenses of. bringing down wool to this colony was much less than it cost to take it to Melbourne. In a letter, sent by Mr. Allen, of Victor Harbour, to th* Register, he Bhowed that it cost £7 18s. per ton to take wool I from the Murrumbidgee by way of Echuca to Melbourne, whilst it could be delivered at Victor Harbour for £3 15s. If in spite of this enormous difference wool was still sent on. to Melbourne, it showed that there must be very powerful attractions there, and he saw that Mr. Acraman, at the Chamber of Commerce, bad specified some of 'them. It seemed to him that everything had been done which they well- could do to induce the trade to come to South Aus tralia, and he must protest in the strongest manner against the proposed outlay, which would increase to a very serious extent their debt, without promising at the same time to be any benefit whatever to any class of the com munity except the merchants of Adelaide. (Applause.) Mr. R. Allen, Jun., thought in all these questions misstatements did a very great injury, and therefore he wished to correct a gross mis statement made by Mr. Bankine, when he said this colony paid £13,500 per annum which went directly into the Adelaide merchants' pockets. Before this money was paid the squatter, if he ordered goods, paid the duty, not the merchant. Then Mr. Hector atated that the quantity of wool which came down the Darling at the present time was 18,000 bales. If he estimated it at 12,000 he would be nearer the truth: but that it was capable of being increased to 50,000 bales bo was prepared to prove. A railway, bowovor, would never secure it, for if it was a question of railway, the wool would go by way of Kcliuco. Mr. RaNKINK believed that what be said was perfectly correct. Undoubtedly the squatters eventually paid the duty, but tbe merchants stuck it on, and charged them so much more. Mr. Allen was a shipping agent, and ought to know abuut the matter. The merchants at the time they shipped goods at the various river ports paid the auty, and of course they took care when they delivered them to charge the squatters such a price as would cover the duty and recover their profit. Now the revenue paid £13,500 to tbe New South Wales Government; the merchant here paid the South Australian duty, whereas formerly he bad to pay both. Mr. A. 11. 1jANDBKi;b had much pleasure in supporting the resolution. He considered a railway to the Murray would bo vei-sus common soriso and justice to South Australia. (Hear, hear.) lie would first of all look at this trade as if the territory through which the river ran bulonged to South Australia, and he thought he should bo borne out by that meeting when ho stated that, even if such were the case, the facilities offered to the trade were fully adequate to its requirements. They had an excellent seaboard road at one end, with a tramway connecting it 11 miies in length, and goods could be brought along it from the steamers at Goolwa and put on board at from 17s. 6d. to £1 per ton. They had a good land road by way of Milang, over which goods could be taken to the city at dead weight at the rate of 25s, per ton, and along another road from a little higher up the river the average was 27s. 6d. to 30s. If the river territory belonged to South Australia they should consider these facilities amply sufficient. (Hear, hear.) In addition to this it was a notorious fact that within the last few weeks the four principal steamers belonging to the trade had carried heavy cargoes through the Murray mouth—(applause)—and that day there was a letter from Captain Geo. Johnston in the Register speaking in high terms of it. He doubted whether it would be honest, to look upon it in the mildest sense, to tax the population £2 per head for this scheme which had been proposed by some of their worthy friends in Adelaide. Out of a network of rivers of about 5,009 miles of navigation South Australia held only 466 miles, at one end of which was Victoria, and at the other New South Wales. Victoria in the most straightforward manner says determinedly, " South Australia shall not reap the benefit of our population," and she protects her produce by charging a duty of 40s. per ton on flour, 20s. on wheat, and £18 13s. 4d. on soap. In addi tion to this there was 5s. wharfage charged, though they might have to land the goods on the river bank, so that so far as the river ran through Victorian country he thought they might con sider themselves as absolutely shut out. New South Wales, as she was not in a position to do the trade herself, not having pushed her rail ways to the river, kindly consented to take £47,000 from Victoria and £13,000 from South Australia, so that they might forward what goods they could to the river squatters; and when they remembered that the Melbourne merchants had managed to get Victoria to tax her population to the tune of £8 per head to build a railway to further their interests, they might congratulate the promoters on the success of their scheme, and be very happy to see South Australia adopt any such scheme. Though they paid £13,000 per annum for this trade, they must remember that "they had not yet spent their million of money to connect Ade laide with the Murray. Why did New South Wales, when she asked Victoria £47,000 for the share of trade she was doing, only ask South Australia £13,000, except that it showed the latter was doing less of the trade? Immediately on South Australia making a railway to the Murray New South Wales would expect £20,000 or £30,000—(Hear, hear)—and should they refuse to pay she would only make terms with Victoria to farm the duties as before. It would be a most brilliant speculation certainly to con struct a railway for such a trade. He should feel deeply grieved to see their young colony duped and fooled into entertaining such a scheme as this, and he was certain every thinking colonist must come to the same conclusion. Looking at the warmth displayed at the late meeting of the Chamber of Com merce, and the prominency Mann urn assumed, one would almost think that some members of the Chamber had a lease of that invaluable spot, and he was very gratified that Messrs. Goode and Acraman took the stand they did, for they both seemed to think that if they did not step forth and say something in this matter the Chamber would feel almost committed to the Mannum Railway scheme. After referring to Mr. Acraman's remarks, and his statement that even three railways would not secure the Murray trade, he said, in addition to the fact of freights being lower from Victoria than from Port Adelaide, he would show how dis torted facts must be to attempt to show that South Australia held even the ghost of a chance as regarded Riverina wools. Hay, on the Mur rumbidgee, which was about the most central and one of the leading townships in that locality, was from Adelaide about the same distance as Wileannia, on the River Darling, was. He wished them particularly to note the figures he would now give:—Washed wool from Wileannia to Mannum, per ton, as per rates agreed to (per steamer), £6 5s.; Mannum Railway, when constructed as per Mr. Charnock's" rates, £1 Is. = £7 6s. Wool as per statement in Register, from Echuca to Melbourne per ton, £2 5s. 6d.; steamer freight from Hay to Echuca, £2 = £4 5s. 6d. This gave £3 0s. 6d. iu favour of the route by Echuca and Hay. Mr. Charnock gave the figures for this route even lower. They were as follows:—Wool from Echuca to Williamstown, £1 19s. 2d. per ton ; steamer freight from Hay to Echuca, £2 = £3 19s. 2d. This last showed a clear saving to the shipper of wool from Hay of £3 6e. 10d. per ton, besides a cheaper rate of freight from "Victoria. He gave no agency charges in either case, as they would be about the same. Did this look like being able to compete with Victoria for Riverine wool? Yet the promoters of this mad railway scheme would try to make the public believe there was a chance. To show how determined the pro moters of this Mannum Railway were they might note that they had been round to Adelaide Insurance Offices to get an extra rate of insurance put on to vessels crossing the Lake, though there had not been a single package damaged in vessels going upwards for 15 years, and not a bale of wool lost. (Applause.) Truly a Mannum craft came to grief by getting on a sandspit, and damaged a lot of wool, and another vessel got ashore, having left her anchor at home. (Laughter and applause.) But for every accident on the Lake they could count 20 up the river, and in many instances with losses of wool, which there was not in the cases he had mentioned. It was merely a matter of drying. No doubt a Melbourne Insurance Company would soon put this matter right. He had spoken to captains, and they had told him that there was less danger in crossing the Lake than in taking one of the sharp bends of the river. Lately, strange to say, all men who had sur- ■ veyed Victor Harbour—and many were men of note—and who had stated that with little cost it could be made a splendid harbour, were hald up as ignorant pretenders, and it was said that the harbour was no good. This had only come about in a short space of time. It was also said that there were too many ports on the river. Three was the number, and according to his humble experience of trade he had always con sidered that competition was the spirit of trade (applause) and he had no hesitation in saying that the Darling squatters had found that to "be the case, for he believed that they got their goods from Adelaide- for half what they paid ten years ago. The action taken • lately in order to force Mannum opon the squatters by increasing the insurance, making difficulties where -■ none existed, and, in order to carry on the Ma-nrm-m scheme, forming combina tiens among the shipowners at rates agreed to, would just drive the Darling squatters and mer chants to Echuca to seek that which they found South Australia did not offer them, viz., fair trading. (Applause.) This came of trying to force a certain route at no matter what cost to suit a few interested parties. (Applause.) If they were able to spend a large sunP of money for a railway, let them see that it led to the Northern areas and mineral districts, which were pining for want of communication; or at least into our own territory, where we assumed not merely the position of carriers to the colony, but took duties for ■ the general benefit of the colony. Let them think for a moment that when they saw a dozen case of spirits in transit that it had paid 20s. into the common Treasury; a quarter cask £14 to £17; a chest of tea £1 Is.; a half tierce of tobacco £40. This was the case when the goods were consumed by our own people. A railway for the Murray trade would just reverse this, for we handed over the duties to New South Wales in a lumpsum. Would any sane man who had the interest of our young colony at heart use all his public funds for such a work as a railway for the Murray trade under the circumstances? He had hoped that they had committed folly enough regarding the Murray for one while by sending home for that obstruction^ to Murray navigation called the Murray Bridge, which they were erecting near Thomson's at a cost of thousands to the colony, and under which an ordinary sailing-boat of 10 tons would not be able to pass. It commenced in the land of misery, and ended on the other in a country of bog and despair. (Laughter.) It behoved them well to watch and carefully to look into this matter. He hoped that the Southern Districts would put themselves into communica tion with the Northern ones; and, if need be, the country would rise to a man before such a wilful sacrifice of public money should be made as spending it in a railway to the Murray. (Cheers.) He hoped they would see that the Legislature was fully conversant with the facte; ana it was only by agitation and calling their attention toa matter that they could place them in that condition. He looked upon it as domina tion to attempt to force the scheme in such a way upon the colony for such purposes. As to the point in dispute between Mr. Allen and Mr. Rankine, he mentioned that when goods were sent up the eharges were made upon the squatter whether directly or included in the price charged fcr the goods. Under existing circumstances we bound ourselves to pay into the New South Wales Treasury £13,000 a year for three years;hut supposing the Darling in its kindness should take up the idea of closing for 18 months, as it did before, it would place the colony in an awkward position. He did not think South Australia was in a better position than bhe was before. Goods sent up paid^ duty all the same. (Mr. Rankine—"It is paid by the Government; not individually.")_ He did not pay it himself, but the country paid it. Mr. A. R. Addison had much pleasure in endorsing what Mr. Landseer had said. His speech had been more to the point than any he had heard. Mr. Landseer had shown that if a railway was taken to the Murray or anywhere else it would not secure the river trade. They wanted to make the colony see distinctly that if such an expenditure was gone into it would be inflicting the many for the benefit of a few. (Hear, hear.) What So-and-so paid as a merchant in Adelaide was not the question, but it was what the poor man would have to pay for this ridiculous scheme. He was confident that no railway they could make would secure the trade to South Australia. If we are wasted to fight Victoria, it must be with different weapons to her own. If the Government were in earnest in wishing to obtain the Murray traffic, he thought a capital suggestion was made by Captain Johnston, that they should take the risk of the navigation of the Murray mouth. It would not be very great, or if they thought it was, they might divide the risk with the Insurance Companies. He was much obliged to Mr. Landseer for the clear way in which he had put the question, which was not a matter of this or that port, but they wished to save the colony this abominable expenditure. Mr. Landseer pointed out that when Mr. Dunn put up for the district he had suggested that a boat should be subsidized in the way Mr. Addison mentioned, and he understood from Mr. Dunn that the chances were that he would bring such a motion forward. But since then they had learnt that it was unconstitu tional to give seed wheat in a time of distress, and he did not think it would be very constitu tional to 'run a boat through the Murray-mouth to benefit the Riverina squatters or men living on the Darling. The motion was put and declared carried unanimously. Mr. Hectok moved— "That the following circular be printed, signed by the Chairman of this meeting, and forwardedto every member of Parliament and all Chairmen of District Councils in the colony:— "«gir—Your attention is respectfully called to the following resolution, passed at a public meeting held at Strathalbyn on 11th August, on the subject of the Murray trade. (Here follow | the resolution.) If your views accord with those I enumerated therein, your earnest opposition is solicited to any scheme which may be brought before Parliament to provide for such a wasteful I expenditure of public money, for the following j reasons :— I " ' 1. Because the Darling trade, now in our I hauds, and not exceeding 12,000 bales of wool per annum, is insufficient to pay the working ! expenses of any such railway. " ' 2. Because the Murrumbidgee trade, now entirely in the hands of Melbourne, is done at such a cheap rate that it will be impossible, without great loss to ourselves, to divert it to Adelaide. " ' 3. Because the urgent requirements of the newly settled farming areas demand instant attention, and will absorb all the available labour that can be spared from our usual occu pations. " ' 4. Because the development of our own country, occupied by a population paying its taxes to South Australia, is far more necessary, and must be more reproductive than to lay out the money in the speculation of becoming the carriers of New South Wales.' " Mr. R. Aixen and Mr. Rankine supported the resolution. Mr. W. A. E. West-Ebskine, M.P., came not with the intention of speaking, but for informa tion. He was unable to attend the meeting at Meadows; but he had read most of what was said there, although he had not yet mastered the statistics, which it would be necessary to go through and check. As he said to Mr. Charnoek in White's Rooms, when he threw down the apple of discord, as was said—he moved some little amendment tor the sake of creating dis cussion, and not carrying it in the way he believed it would otherwise have gone—nothing was more fallacious than statistics. As to the particular number of bales brought down, it did not matter much whether it was 16,000 or 18,000. He agreed with Mr. Rankine as to the weight of wool per sheep being less than 6f lbs., as especially upon the Darling a great deal was being washed which came down formerly in grease. That would reduce the weight, and as they dumped the up river wool, they would be able to bring down more than before. He did not think any one had said any thing about any alternative route which might be improved. The Victor Harbour and the Murray-mouth schemes might well have been mentioned, for if they wanted the trade they must offer great facilities for it. He should like to see a commission of experienced engineers appointed to report upon the prac tical and respective merits of a route through the Murray-mouth and by way of a canal from Goolwa to the sea. It must be borne in mind that the Chief Secretary was a strong advocate for the Mannum route, Manhum being in his district, and had obtained £1,500 for the extension of telegraphic communication to it, at the same time that there was a telegraph office at Blanchetown. Mr. Blvth said steamers were not obliged to call at Blanchetown, but were at Mannum; but he showed that that was incorrect, as Blanchetown was the last pert of departure for and the first of entry from New South Wales. Mr. Blyth had now got a scratch pack together, and if they proved the men he hoped they would they should have his support ; but tbey must be very careful not to bring forward any such scheme as this Mannum Railway, as he felt convinced it would not be carried; and one reason was that people in the Northern areas would not see a railway made parallel to macadamized roads when they had no means at all of getting their produce to Port Pirie or other ports in the North. The Murray trade being of such very great value to South Australia, he thought the late Ministry ought to be thanked for having secured the concession they did at such a stria _ sum as £13,000. (Hear, hear.) It was imagined by some that this money was paid into tne hauds of the merchants; but it was no such thing. The duties were collected at Port Ade laide; they might actually amount to £14,000 or to £12 000: but in such an important manner as securing the Murray trade, a thousand pounds one way or the other ought net to be looked at. (Mr. Allen—"Hear, hear. ) It was his firm com action that in all probability at the end of three years they would be glad to get the con .tract renewed at anything like £13,000— {Mr. Allen—" VYe shan't get it")-—and he hoped the rtrade would have bo increased that they should be able so pay a great deal more. Re -thought without further delay an enquiry ought to be made by competent men' as to the practicability of mnlring the Murray-mouth accessible in all weathers. For his own part be was inclined to think the «mnl scheme would be the better of the two, but why not have both ? He would support the amount requisite for either provided that the cost was not disproportionately great to the advantages which might be secured, and, if necessary, ha would bring forward in the House a motion for a grant of money to havei an investigation into the desirability of the two schemes made. He thought a canal to the seaboard, aaaa break water at the north-east end of Granite Trimy* which a captain of a ship who had taken him. all round the port showed him might be made at a comparatively trifling cost, would be found admirable. Some time ago he urged upon the Government the desirability of employing con vict labour, but they showed bun that the number of convicts here was happily so small that it would cost a great deal more to take them down to construct a breakwater than to employ free labour. With regard to the reso lution, he thought it might be well to send circulars to the different District Councils, though be did not see much good in it, as they would read the report of the meeting in the papers. (Applause) Mr. J. G. Ramsay, M.P., like his colleague, came there not to speak but to learn, and he must say that he was very pleased indeed both, with the resolution and the arguments which were brought forward in its favour, because they entirely' coincided with his own views. They would remember that about three years ago there was a considerable commotion about this question, and a Select Committee appointed in Parliament to investigate it. He had feft-«n the trouble to read the evidence which was given, and he had come to the conclusion that xt would be very unwise indeed with the present - population to expend even the sum of £400,000,. which was the lowest estimate—though with the present price of iron it would be nearly double that—in constructing a railway to attempt to get the Murray trade because they should be fighting with very long odds indeed. Be gathered his information from various witnesses, amongst others the now strong advocate of the railway, Mr. Charnock. Be was astonished when he saw his name so pro minently brought forward as an advocate of the railway, because he .remembered that he had been against it in his evidence. He was asked,. "Can you give the particulars of the cost of taking wool from the Murrumbidgee to Mel botrne?" and he replied, "Victor Harbour is the place where the trade must come to. I am speaking of wool in particular. Of course - it would answer my individual purpose to have it come to Port Adelaide; but I cannot speak against my conscience." Now it seemed that his conscience had got rather elastic—(laughter) - —for he went in for Port Adelaide at any price. Then, again, he said Victor Harbour was the ■ cheapest route, and went on to show the cost of carriage by the different routes, and he found that the reason the wool went to Melbourne - was because a great number of merchants were strongly connected with runs in Riverma, and of course the wool must go through their houses. If from Mr. Chamock's statistics it was unwiso to make a railway in 1870 it would be a great deal J worse now, because the runs being fenced in reduced the number of hands to a minimum, and consequently the quantity of . duty-paying goods sent up the river would be very small to what it was. Then he was asked whether he thought out of all the land lines it would be possible to develop one so as to make cartage cheaper, more expeditious, and more desirable than the route by Victor Harbour, and he replied, " I very much doubt it;" so that Mr. Charnock seemed to have had his doubts removed since then very considerably. When he stated that wool from the Darling was taken from Port Adelaide to Melbourne—and if there was such attraction in Melbourne as that showed there must be, he did not see how any expenditure, either judicious or extravagant, would prevent the wool going to Melbourne direct from Echuca. Then, too, Mr. Charnock said he was afraid that even in the event of a railway being made to the North-West Bend the wool which went to Melbourne from Victor Harbour might be shipped from Port Adelaide direct; and, in fact, all his evidence went to prove that they would have no difficulty in securing the trade with their present facilities; the greatest difficulty was getting the trade to do.. According to Mr. Charnock the carriage on a railway from Port Adelaide to the Murray would be £1 Is. per ton, but according to Mr. Acraman's and Mr. Landseer's evidence if they could get quantities of over 40 tops they said they could take the wool via Milang to Port Adelaide for £1 a ton, and if they could not get something like 40 or 50 tons to carry on one train they should be running at a very material less. The Hon. J. Crozier, in his evidence, said he believed we could compete with Melbourne. If so he did not see the necessity of the colony going to further expenditure in the matter. Mr. Crozier also pointed out that the Murrum bidgeewool wentto Melbournefor financial reasons —(laughter)—and a railway to Mannum would not remove these reasons, which compelled the wool to go to Melbourne under any circum stances. (Hear, hear.) Another answer should not be lost sight of. Mr. Crozier in reply to the question—" You are aware that the Victorian Government have given a rebate," said, "Yes, they -will do anythingand supposing we were prepared to sacrifice the interest of the country, and tax ourselves for the purpose of competing with Victoria for the Murrumbidgee trade and make the railway, what was to hinder her doing the same thing again and carrying the wool free't Mr. Hamilton, too, said in respect to the Mannum line—"The 'country is such as you would never lay out a railway there within any limit ef cost that would be reasonable." (Hear, hear.) Then Mr. Acraman seemed to have given some very decided information to the Committee. Mis opinion was asked as to whether he thought it necessary to have a double line of rails on the Victor Harbour Railway, and he said he thought the traffic could be carried quick enough to load two or three ships at a time, and he (Mr. Ramsay) thought that was as many as they could expect at one time. He was very pleased to see the statesmanlike views which had been adopted both at this and the Meadows meeting, because -generally the residents in a district instead of condemning a thing on the broad principle went in for a share in the plunder going by their doors. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) Taking the most moderate estimate of £400,000 as the cost of the railway, that at 5 per cent, interest would be £20,000 a year. But supposing that the whole of the carriage of wool from the Murray to Port Adelaide, as given in evidence, amounted to £4,000 or £5,000, would it not be better if Parliament determined to get the river trade for them to vote £5,000 and pay for the whole of the carriage by road ? (Laughter and cheers.) And even if the trade was double that, and they spent £10,000 for carriage, that would be a saving of £10,000 a year on the railway, which would be working at a loss every day. (Applause.) There was also another aspect of affairs. Mr. Acraman in his evidence said :—" The Orange District is supplying the Upper Darling ; wheat there was 2s. 6<L a bushel when it was 4s. and 4s. 6d. at Goolwa." Wheat would always be cheaper there, and they would supply the local trade. New South Wales was pushing on her railways, and we should have to compete not only with Victoria but with New South Wales. They could supply themselves with cereals ■ grown in the district clieaper than we could do, and it would be absurd to have a railway for that purpose. Then there wasanother aspect. Mr. Acraman was asked, " Then you are satisfied with things as they are, with tne exception vou mention ?" That was alteration, of tramway affairs, improving the anchorage, puttiDg a T-head on the jetty, &c.; Mr. Acraman replied "Yes;" M»d on jbe"JS asked, "Leaving things as they are would not increase the trade ? sard I _ think it would. W. McCulloch & Co., the earners in Melbourne, are arranging to bring wool down to Victor Harbour." If Melbourne traders could do business at Victor Harbour tt vras> not called for for us to go to tbe expense of £400,000 in a railway. It would be absurd to go into this expenditure while the Northern Areas were pining for roads. He was strongly against the Government making railways unless there was some prospeet of their paying the cost. He would do all he could to facilitate the making of railways by private enterprise—(Hear, hear)— and would give liberal grants of land along the lines. Further than that, in districts where the land was sold he would give a guarantee of 4 per cent, on the outlay, under certain conditions, to Companies who would make railways and work them for a certain time. He would be rather an enthusiast in doing all he could to facilitate a railway across the continent to Port Darwin—(applause)—in connection with the present railway. It would be wise under present circumstances for the Government to borrow money on the strength of land sold to make a line through the areas to Mount Re markable. He believed it would pay, and tend to make the present railway pay. On short lines it was impossible for railways to compete with wagons, particularly in agricultural districts, where every farmer had his team. If we were going to borrow money he would make great trunk lines as far as there was population at present extend them when necessary, and make Toads as feeders, But it would be frittering away money and increase taxation with out one redeeming feature—and the national debt would accumulate fast enough—to go in for a scheme like this. He would do all he could to oppose it, and he was glad the meeting had expressed itself as it had done. Mr. Ranirino spoke of this railway benefiting Adelaide mer chants. He thought they were very shcrt sighted if they thought it would benefit them to any great extent. If they would advocate a scheme for roads and railways throughout our own territory to take duty-consuming goods to be used by our own population it would ibe of greater benefit to them. But they would come down. They were like a flock of geese, or sheep rather, he should say—if one went through a hedge they all followed. But there were some noble exceptions, like Mr. Acraman. But joking aside, "if £400,000 were the sum required, and a railway were made, a third of the amount would be spent in the colony, and benefit the merchants and people in the colony; but it was shortsighted to borrow money for works not likely to be remunera tive. As to the last resolution, he thought it was wise to call the attention of District Councils and others to the question, because when a subject did not affect them individually they letjit slip ; but if brought before them in their •official capacity they were likely to give it atten tion. (Applause:) Mr. Rankine remarked that Mr. West Erskine had said that the trade of the Murray was of great importance, and that the Govern .ment made a wise arrangement in paying £13,000 a year to New South Wales, instead of duties. He wanted him to say in what way it would be desirable. Perhaps Mr. West-Brskine would say in what way it came back: if it did not it must go into the pockets of the mercantile class. Mr. West-Erskute had taken it for granted that as Mr. Rankine had spoken on the subject he had made himself somewhat acquainted with it. The sum of £13,000 was based upon the duties paid for three or four years to New South "Wales. We collected at Port Adelaide; the goods did not come up in bond. Mr. Ran kike — Instead of the merchant paying the duty the Government paid it, and • did not get it back. Mr. West-Ersktne—It was clearly an advan tage to be able to send our goods up with greater facilities and without the rigmarole of entering. Mr. A. F. Lindsay thought it desirable that the public should know how much public money had been spent at Victor Harbour for the pur pose of improving it as a harbour and making it convenient and safe. The only amount that was applied for the safety of the harbour was the sum spent in providing moorings, and the expenditure was a trifle. The sum of £5,600 , had been spenton a jetty terminating in six feet of water, but more recently £10,C00 had been spent in extending the jetty to Granite Island and making wharfs, and although that might be a convenience to shipping it did not add to the safety of the harbour. Mr. Charnoek gave strong evidence in favour of Victor Harbour before the Select_Comiuittee; but he now said it was only fit for small vessels. It was as fit for vessels of 1,000 as of 100 tons, the difference being that vessels of 1,000 tons must lie further out; but neither would be perfectly safe if there was a south-east breeze. If protected from that one point the harbour would be safe for vessels of from 100 to 1,000 tons, and he believed the ordinary wool ships of this colony were not more than 1,000 tons. But how much was necessary? Mr. Mais, the Engineer-in-Ohief, said that a breakwater could be made for £7,000 ; but subsequently, on recon sidering his estimates, he thought it would require £10,000. But, supposing the larger sum were necessary to make the harbour so secure as to take a vessel of 1,000 tons, the amount would be a trifle. If they thought the traffic was so great as to make it necessary to accommodate a large amount of shipping, a breakwater 1,000 yards long could be made for £50,000. That expense would be trifling in comparison with the enormous amount proposed for a railway. Were a railway constructed, it would be a waste of money; but were it constructed and a few improvements made to Victor Harbour, it would not take the traffic. Mr. Dunn said that he would make it a condition of the construction of the railway that nothing more was done to \rictor Harbour. That seemed clearly to show that such men as Mr. Dunn, who had interests «t and were in favour of Pert Adelaide, were afraid that Victor Harbour would be a dange rous rival to the railway. (Cheers.) If they made it unlawful for steamers to go below Mannum, the railway would have to take the traffic. He regarded it as perfectly legitimate to draw the trade to Port Adelaide if it could be ■done; but the colony should not be taxed for it. If those in favour of Port Adelaide had confi dence in their own theories, let the Government give them every facility to make the railway by means of a Company—(applause)—and let them ha veall profits— (applause)—but he objected most strongly to our being taxed tosupportthe railway. A great deal of money bad been spent that would not otherwise have been expended be cause the taxes were indirect; but if a tax gatherer called on every one, and said—*' The Murray Railway makes a taxation of so much, hand over your share,'' be thought that would be the last of such works, and people would see that works were really of a reproductive character before they were undertaken. There was a wish to depreciate the value of the Riverine trade. Be thought it would be of great value, and he did "not think it would be hopeless to secure it. N o doubt Melbourne was a formidable rival, and would draw a great deal of traffic. The idea was broached in the news papers that it was worth fighting for, and we could expeet a considerable share. And it could be secured at a trifling cost. After the three-fathom line was passed there was an in crease of one fathom in depth every hundred yards till they got to six fathoms, in which depth the Great Eastern could float, which could not be said of Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney. "With a breakwater 1,000 yards long the Great Eastern could lie secure. A mode rate expenditure would make the harbour to five fathoms inside, which would be enough for all purposes. Ho found that the President -of the Marine Board in his last report, sent in in March, recommended thata party of prisoners should be sent to Victor Harbour to commence a breakwater. The late Government when they took office expressed their desire to forward the work; but what had been done was only what was ordered by the previous Ministry, and the late Government had done nothing. When the Government received a strong recommendation from the Marine Board to seud prisoners down he thought they might have taken steps to do so. The motion was declared to be carried unani mously. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman and tbc Press. 