. • =?: ·'. - O EUROP.EAN:. : The mails from Europe, India 8&c.;, were: telegraphed, at Albany, on ITuesdaly, ldtl. reached Perth on-the afternoon of Satirlay, the 5th inst. The Co:onial mails arrived in Perth thefollowing day, Sunday.i The tele graphic intellig nee from- Europe snd. the Colonies we gave in opr isssue' of Saturday last, and we now epit 'mise from .ur.files of nawspapers, suct'h it ms of news as we think will have most interest for our general, readers. : 'HOME MARKETS . WooL: LODoN :-Messrs Windeler andt Bowes report that the yealr opens with con sumption of wool on the same ertendd scale as of late, and with smadl stocks in dealers' and manufacturers' hands. Tho present tone of this and the continental markets hardly support the expectations of renewed activity which it was hoped the new year would bring; prices generally may be quoted steady, but thereis no confidence in tlieir being supported when large supplies' are: brought-to market ; hence,.buyers desire-to limit the extent of their operations as .muchi as possible, as the present level of val.e renders manufacturing in a large degree un. remunerative. The trade cannot be regarded as on a safe basis, suand prices will undergo im. portant fluctuations during the course of the present year ;- a decline of 20 per cent. dur ing the summer is not un'ikely. For the next auctions of Colonial wools hore about 50,000 bales ot new arrivals are in, and by the opening day, on 13th Febih ary, possibly the total may be reaci 120,000O bales. The scarcity of good combing des criptions during the past months will lead to extreme prices for all suclh classes, but cloth ing wools especially of short, weak staple, are not likely to meet with the same atten tion. MIOTHER O'PEARL Sante.L.-Eleven caseis, F-remantle sold at £9 to £20 per cwt. Ais tralian are quotedin the "British Trade: Jouronal', at £10 to £13 per cwt. SANDALWOOD. - SINGAPORE : -- Messrs., Spottiswood & Co., report:-In thie entireab sence of imports since tile date of our last respect, there are no transactions to be re ported at tliis time, but a very brisk demand prevails for the article, and coming imports will certainly realise high prices, we think for good medium sized logs, (8 to 9 per picul.) that 3 dols. 35 cents., at 3 duls. 40 cents. will be obtained. Roots also still con tinue in active request, and would be sale able at 3 dole. 80 cents.i we may reiark'thatj we we find medium sized logs say.7 at 10 per picul, are at present even prdferred to.. logs of a larger size. FLOUnR :--An enquiry for Java lately re duced our stocks of Californian considerably, and the'price advanced to 2 dols per 5015 bag; a largeish import reached this yesterday from HongKong and the valuie has now de clined to 1 dol. 80 cents. at I dol. 85 cents., no receipts of Australian. HORSES :-Next arrivals are expedted to realise fair prices as the market has been without any supplies for the last six months. SHIPPINQ LoNDO :-The Ivy, left Gravesend on the 7th Feby., and De-l on the 9th. 'The Robert - Morrison arrived at Gravesend on 5th Feby. The only vessels on the berth for West Australia were the Hawk and the Rebert l orrfion.. STRAITS :--There had been no- arrivals at Singapore during the month. PARLIAMENTARY, Parliament was opened, as is usual nowadays, by commission on.-the-6th-Febru- ary. Thespeech contained nothing thatwas unexpected or particularly interesting. Her Majesty told the Houses that she had des patched apn Envoy to Zanzilar to put down the slave trade; that in consequence of the award of the German Emperor her Govern nment had 'ebiicuated San Juan-i that the award at Genefahmust be provided for; that the Commercial.Treaty with France had been revised; and that Eigland and Russia had endeavoured throug!h negotiations to' ' ar rive at an identity of view regarding the line which describes the northern frontier of the dominion of Afghanistan." Mr. Gladstone took an early opportunity of introducing the great ministerial measure of the Session, the Irish Unive rsftyBill. On the second read. ing the Government were defeated, and Mr. Gladstoniie placed his resignation" in the hands of Her Majesty who sent for Mr. Disraeli. He, however declined accepting office on the plea that the Conservatives were withouit aprogramme. Subsequently'Mr. Gladstone cousented to reaccept 'ffice and the old minis try was reinstated intact. THECREA TBTRIKES in South.Wales continue, and the distress is .said to be terrible. A compromise has been suggested which has been eagerly accepted by the men, but the masters are not willing to listen to anything bnt unconditional sur render. It is proposed that each pit shJuld adopt a '" standard "of work, that is, should decidethe fair amount of coal each collier should-raise. :The men would then go in at the 10 per cent. reduction, but all who worked upto standard would :have the for mer wages. It is calulated that the in creased "outpot" would reimburse the mas ters, while the men would not be in the-posi tion of prisoners at discretion. The over seers allege, however, that the plan would .bte too'difficult, as the men would lend to each other, and the mastersinsist still upon un qualified submission. They will win, for they can wait for ever, and they will not introduce machine-cutting, or increase time out-turn in any way till they cannot help themselves. They like a shilling for an apple -better than eighteenpence for.two apples. S THE CALWAY PROSECUTIONS0 have failed. The first case was against the Rev. P. Loflus. The jury not agreeing were discharged. The trial of Dr. Duggan Roman Catholic Bishop of Clonfort, for conspiracy and using undue influence at the Galway election, resulted in a verdict of " not guilty." There was a scene of wild excite ment in the court when the verdict was an nounced. No further prosecutions -ill, it is thought take plahe. THEOREAT OORAM 8TREETMURDER still .remains undetected, notwithstanding the rewards ofered for inforination that may lead tohis 6apture. -DF. Hessel, -tlieGerman clergyman.who:was arrested, onriupiscion has been, after several remands discharged. Severalpersons identified him as the Mian they had seen with the girl Harriet Buswell, on the night of the 24th December; but the most complete evidence was.?rdduced, show ing. that he. was ill.:in- an hotel- on the night the murder was committed. The Government, mindful, perhaps, of Dr. Hessel's nationality, has expressed its regret for his detention and has paid his passage to Brazil, while the public'is subscribing liberally to a compensation fund. Dr. Hessel himself has furnished an account of his captivity to the Daily News, in which he states that after his remand he was taken to Clerkenwell Prison, stripped and examined by the surgeon, ordered to go into a hot bath, and compelled to eat without either knife or fork. At night all his clothes, even his pocket- hankerehief and his towel, were taken away, and he was left to sleep bare in a bed with three blankets, but no sheets, and was waked once an hour by a warder, who asked if all was right. His wife was only allowed to see him for ten minutes tach day, and then outside the grating, though he might see his solicitor in the consultation. room. He wasobliged to scrub the floor on •his knees, to wash the tab!e and chair, and to sweep down the walls, while he was ordered when the Governor came, to stand at atten tention. In gratitude for some attention about books, be offered to shake hands with the chaplain, who, however, drew back, say ing he "never shook hands with prisoners." Dr. Hessel suffered no worse than our own countrymen suffer, but the whole system is minstrously unjust. An untried prisoner should be treated like a prisonu-r for debt,- in strict custody, but otherwise unpunishable. THE LOS8 OF THE NORThFLEET an account of which we gave in our last monthly summary of news, continues to ex cite much interest. The .Aiurtlllo, nominally a Spanish ship has been seized, under the suspicion that she was the vessel to which the destruction of the Northy)eet and the loss of 300 lives was due. Nitwithstandifg very Rtrong cirdumnstantial evidence, the Spanish Court of Inquiry has decided that she wais not the vessel, and an action is threatened against the officers whlo caused her . deten tion. There is a strong feeling, in spite of the finding thatithe Murillowas the vessl:. THE CLAIMANTAND HIS FRIENDS I- TROUBLE 'I'he" Stuitipinig tour ' mrade through Eni land, by. the Ticlhbornea Claimant and his backers:foi: the purpose of raisingtifunds for the defence, and excitin'g public symnparth:. has eventuated .in serious. trouble. to ' Sir Rogsr ali -his fi'ends, .The piduishment ~ flict d upon M.srs Oniblow and Whalley seems to have excited the indgnationl of a Mr. SkipWdirth, a Barrist?rkttLiw; , whom in a slpeech at Brighton-rortviled in the coarsest :lag?age,Ah.' ju Iges who hai:tsi tif d Mj;. Whalle.y aid Mr Onsloiw Mr. Skipworth a. speech havig lbcn brought uon her the notice of the Cdurt,;he' and tie aimnat w;t erv ordered to atteridato shew caulse why they, should not:be adjudged gu'iltyoitf coiterilpt, when avery amusinn g scene took place. eMr Skipworth mhade a spee .lh, a?id ?t niumber of completely irrelevant oicuments awer:e.red on his behalf,:mCn'uding a letter of his: own to the Queen on behalf of the Clainmant a iifd containing various absurd stories: as to Mr: Gladstone's passionate appeal to the At. torney-General not to fail in thle Tich?iorne case, and the Attorney-Getneral's :blairdisii: ments to Mr. Baiantine.-Sir J. DI.; Colei ridge put his arm, i~ was stated, amidst roars of laughter, round Mr. Ballantine's neck,-- after the reading of which absurd documents Mr.'Skipworth became rhetoiridal, and said: -" My Lords, if after these Stattements ybofi commit me for contempt of Court, allT-I' iai:n say is that I throw idyself oil my country and my God." The Claii.mant ,was rational, and in the ciurse of tile case repeatedly reI, mrinled oiie of his own pithliy apoiphthgm,~i " Sonme 'eople 'has:ri?, ey and no brains aiid's' other people has brains and no nooney, arird the one set must live on, the:: othr.'-, Mr:'. Skipwortli w;as fined £500 and .imrtrisoffed fot thre'etiitia; o The Claimant was only: cbmpelled to give secifityihiancif for 4o?00; and'to get another to hedisecuri'iy ,:fr.£500: not to be guilty bof further corntetnpt of Couit, and his physician, Dr. Attwood, im nm.diately :g.ve the security required. The Claimain'left th,' Court amidst entl'usiastic demonatratitios from ::tihe crod : t?i e t; There is no doubt thiat if Sir Cliitrles Dilke. were to succeed in petrsuadiing England to set up a Repuhbli and elect a Pi!esideht;, the Clatrimantwould? secure the greatest, pipular majrity of monern timtes. . Te Gibralter Chlronicle relates ti story which might have given a hint tt Edgar PoeI or Coleridge. The Dei Gratia, Britishl shiip: on 5th December, fell in with an Amerieican baigantine, the Mary Celeste, in lat 38.20'. N.i and long. 17.15 W. Thenmaster boarded her, and found her abandotred, from no Rp parent.cause. She was perfectly sound, had suffered from no storm, a small phiil filled with oil being found perpendicular, and notlhing whatever lhad been injured. A swoid which was in the cabin was found to be smeared with bliod, the top-gallant railli`id marks on it of blood, and both bows of the vessel had been cut with some sharp instru, ment. The captain's effects were of. value, and there had been a lady and child on board. It is not mentioned whether the boats were gone, but the theory would seem to be that the crew, or part of them, murdered the captain, ran the vessel towards the Azores, and escaped in the boats, carrying off the: lady and child with them. 