Dn. Neild, aud various other savants of | Wclbouruc, are strongly of opinion that we should be burnt rather than buried, to which I undertakers will be apt to object, but workers iu uietals allach their firm belief. There is an economy of space suggested by the iilea of huhstituting the brazen urn for the elm coffin, which i6 really admirable, and certainly should not be under- estimated at such a tieriod as this, when the liriuff fiplit. ko mer. getically about a square foot of ground, that it is a wonder they can spare the dead their final narrow inheritance. Apart from this consideration, and classical associations, this plan should recommend itself upon infinitely nioie practical grounds. Husbands with un pleasant eiicuiubranccs, in the way of wives, or tuothers-iii-law, would have the serious obstacle of exhumation entirely removed, if they elected to try the soothing properties of strychnine. Aiuateur practice iu this kind of pharmacy, although occasionally tried, is rendered daugcrous at the present day, by reason of suspicions coroners sometimes or dering the cxkuuiatiou of remains. But if those remains were subjected to the firc ordcal, there is little danger of the pyre allowing any suggestive traces to exist. It is always unpleasant to have to reflect upon the wickedness of the world ; but that such wickcdness exists, and in very excellent pro portion to the amount of goodness, is un fortunately too often forced upon our notice. The great argument employed iu favour of the resuscitation of a by gone proceeding, is that the sanitary conditions of cxisleucc would be thereby observed. Notwithstanding the excellent reasju thus advanced for changing the present state of affairs, it has generally been found that people arc especially blind to sanitary reform immediately their suscep tibilities are touched. To the dead them selves, it certainly cannot matter much whether they are disposed of in bulk, or pre viously reduced to carbon. Indeed, if it comes to a question of chcice, it would be preferable for one's remains, after a lapse of year6, to turn up diamonds rather than bones. ?It is the living, and not the dead, who will object to th* frizzliug-up of their departed relatives. It must be allowed even by Dr. NeilJ, that it would require a good deal of strength of purpose, and an intense love of science, to induce a man to permit the re mains of those he loved iu life, and tlio memory of whom he reveres, to be consigned to a woodhcap with the same kind of philosophy that impels him to burn a bullock which had died from Cumberland disease, lest it should infect others of his herd. Classic recollections and sanitary precautions cannot quite remove this from a good many peoples' minds ; and they must be pitied in their deplorable ignorance. While they willingly admit the metaphorical fact, they must be excused for declining to accept tbe ' ashes to ashes ' part of the buiial servicc, iu its literal 6ensc. The time may arrive — pro- bably will — when the world will inveigh iu the strongest of terms against their uncn lighteneJ ancestors, who buried their dead in pits upon areas 6ct apart for the purpose; who planted flowers around their resting places, aud cast up unsightly heaps of mould of such suggestive shape, and planted huge stones to mark the spot where slept 6ome loved one. Very uncivilized, all this, they would aver, when tbe funeral-pile and urn were so simple of adoption. But the present age is insufficiently impressed with scientific notions to accept the proposed modification. The surface of the earth must be raised by another stratum of human dust, before its in habitants will be enabled to realise the advan tages to be derived troni cremation. Besides, the modern poetry of death would be com pletely destroyed, notwithstanding Dr. Nield's quotation of Shakespeare — in which, by the way, he errs, as quoters frequently do, and makes ' unpolluted ' ' unspotted ' — and his subsequent -commentary thereupon. The fact that mortality must assame a loathsome form remains, and as it can be merely a matter of imagination, when the dead lie deep ia the ground, it would certainly appear that such Bhould be preferable to beholding even one's bitterest enemy ' griddled ' to a cinder. The worthy doctor must certainly *6sume that the march of medical science has terminated, or how could he otherwise advocate a system that would interfere seriously with the supply of 'subjects,' and raise the price of skeletons to a fabulous amount. Besides, tbe ideality that hovers over an old grave-yard— aud even in young Australia we have some old enough to awaken memories— must be considered worth some thing. Its headstones and monuments — pretty, plain, and ugly — its flowers, planted by loving hands — even its reputed ghosts — form an agency for good. There is ofttimes as eloquent, and far more impressive, a | sermon preadied by the silent monitors of the common lot which cluster upon the grass, as that heard inside the adjacent walls. We are practical enough, Heaven knows, in these bard, unyielding days, but let us still hare that touch of poetry, conveyed in the mounds of earth and tufts of grass of the graveyard. Our descendants can inurn their dead if they will, and can decorate their chimney- pieces with miniature crypts, containing the ashes of sufficient generations to entitle the owner to sixty-four quarterings npon his escut cheon. 