FROM THE OLD WORLD. No. XI. PARIS, Dec. 27. "Now, what is the practical meaning of all these disgraceful squabbles may oak- the distant reader, "and what is to come next in that foolish country'' Reformer question can be easily answered, but not so the latter by erything may he expected I heard an old general say in the lobby of the Assembly the other day that had Napoleon III landed with foul corporals he would have been full master to do as he liked The mass of the nation sticks, of course, to 'J hers as the man who has given peace to the country, but had he been overthrown by some bold man to morrow no one would use to defend him MacMahon as commander in chief, Ladmnault as governor of stars, Chang with his army at Tours, or Dncrot with his army at Bourges, could easily either of them on any given day over throW. the Government, kick out all the deputies from the Assembly, and introduce any form of gov- eminent they please The fact is, however, that they will never move for the Orleans or for Henry V , the army being half Republican and half Bonapartist and scarcely possessing any Orleanistoi Legt timist fraction As long as The is can manage to retain his power, ev everything will go on as it goes now But the day he is to fall, to die, or to resign, there will come a military dictator, the issue of which Allah himself would be unable to foretell AVtfch a civilian and non crowned ruler like M Thiers, the relation to the at my must naturally be the weakest point You can heat from nearly every officer of a certain rank something of this sort -" If I served some definite regime, I would have known that my position is safe, and that in case I have to lose my life in the service, my family will be called for by the sovereign But, here, what can I expect' If the old man is turned out to morrow, I shall be dismissed the more speedily the greater Alas my readiness to support him " The arguments very substantial one, and there cannot be the slightest doubt what it must lead to the very moment any district bones occurs, and the actual aid of the army becomes necessary Happily enough, the disposition of the people at large (except in the South of France where they had not experienced any of the honors of the wall is very peaceful All they care for is some sort of peace, and some sort of order Republic, Monarchy, Empire even M Thiers as King Adolphe I would be accepted, provided he could secure final evacuation of the territory and continuation of that political tranquillity which has produced such marvellous the suits within the last 18 months And it must be said that M Thiers does all that any human being could possibly have done to secure it if he opposes the dissolution it is simply because he is afraid of the influence of the election excitement on trade He proposes now the creation of a second Chamber simply as a substitute for dissolution Some 200 senators have to be taken from amongst the now sitting deputies the a wanted seats in the Lower House would have to be filled again, the Republican element in the Assembly thus strengthened, and the Monarchist weakened pro tanto and that is all that is wanted to few e the Government a majority, which they have not now, and to put an end to the disgraceful scenes at the bottom of which is invariably one point Monarchy and sits Republic But how far he will be able to realise this second Chamber project is by no means certain yet The Right insist, before everything else, on a responsible Ministry, which means a monarchical one thoroughly obedient to the Duke de Broglie, the Duke D'Audiffut, Pastures, and then followers And this means again Monatchj xii sits Republic In this way, before this letter reaches Melbourne the telegraph may bring you the news that everything that seems now to have been settled by the simple means of the deputies lefustngtogive up the power they hold, has been upset once more For my own part, and from what I have seen during these last three weeks, at Versailles as well as in Paris I think that France is further than ever from having a settled Government, and that there will be no political peace Jan. 4, 1873. Another year has just passed away, and one more big step is supposed to have been made by the Old World towards the mile feature of civilisation and prosperity. If not in England, at all events all over the continent of Europe, the first day of a new year is one exclusively devoted to forgetfulness on the one hand, and to illusions on the other. People who were ready to cut each other's throat on the 31st of December, meet each other on the next day apparently full of mutual well wishes. -People whose life has never been anything else than a combination of endless toil with endless misery, take their midnight's glass of wine on the last day of every year with the most brilliant hopes in their heart. "Trying and hard upon us was the past year they say-" but let us forget it now since it is over. The next year is sure to be better, for we could not stand another one like the past." Yet the new years turns generally out to be worse still and they stand it, and sing the same Bright drinking song on the last day of that year again. And so passes the whole of their lives. Without speaking of what are called the poorer classes, take any man of average competency in any of the European countries, let him give an accurate account of what his year consisted of, and you will be equally amazed at his endurance and at his willingness to entertain slight hopes when none are justified. The Anglo-Saxon race is almost the only one that makes an exception in this respect. If they entertain, perhaps, the same hopes amidst the same sufferings, they, at all events, do not express them publicly, as if afraid of making fools "of themselves. They do not welcome a yet unknown new year, but rather prefer to celebrate the departure of that which is over. The anniversary of the birth of the Saviour seems to them a more appropriate occasion for a retrospective festival of this sort. Consequently they close up their accounts for the year, and get up a substantial dinner on that day. What is the meaning of the goose, the plum- pudding, and the Christmas hamper of gin and port, if it is not a way of showing that a man's yearly accounts have been nicely balanced, and that he can afford to catch an indigestion, or to get screwed, for all the privations he imposed upon himself during the year. Many people may be a inclined to think and, in fact, a good many of them say that the fitness and readiness to endure privations for the sake of a competency in the future are exactly the characteristics very much in want just now among the mass of the people. But this opinion is almost thoroughly wrong. It was all very well to do without carpets when the kings only allowed themselves the luxury of having the floors of their palaces covered with straw. It was very easy to make economy in toilette articles at a time when a shirt was considered a criminal extravagance punishable by law. It was quite possible to live upon a few raw roots and a bit of meat baked in a half-savage fashion, when the stomachs of people were trained to this sort of feeding for a whole series of generations. But how could you expect a man to live upon this stott of food when he had been brought into rhí'w'órld by a mother who was unable to, digest anything more rough than a salary of partridges, and a father who inherited the gout from champagne and port bottles? How could you expect a man to be economical in his dress when the first characteristic of a gentleman is to be smartly clothed, and when the same man in a fine coat is paid a pound where he would have been paid a penny had he a less pretentious outside appearance ? How could you expect a man to live now in the homely way of his ancestors, when-as I am sorry to say it is the case with me-he catches an influenza each time he has to spend a winter day in an uncarpeted room ? Looking at the matter from a relative point of view of the wants which civilisation has called forth in contemporary human nature, we endure all of us in the old world much greater priva- tions than our forefathers did. They slept more, worked less, and had incomparably more time for such moral or intellectual enjoyments as their age afforded. The songs sung, the poetries recited, the ghost stories told by the family fireside, where are they now to be heard ? If you pay the slightest attention to the manner in which such leisure hours (already considerably shortened) are spent nowadays, you will at once see that what is called rest, or leisure, or family pastime, is merely a continuation of toil, labour, and business in another form. At the bottom of all fireside talk is money. How to make more of it, and how to make that in hand serve best, are the almost only themes of conversation between husband and wife, father and son, mother and daughter, brother and sister. From the cradle to the grave the contemporary man has scarcely any other thought in his head, and in the hours of his sleep the dreams that hover over his head are just as full of ledger and double-entry figures as those of his ancestors were full of supernatural visions. . In olden times there was scarcely a man that was not willing to die for an idea whether it were a right or a wrong one-while there is hardly a single man to be found now who would be disposed to do the same except for the sake of money. They die daily by thousands from overwork, from exhaustion, from accidents in industrial or adventurous enterprises. Their personal valour has not decreased, but instead of various old battle-fields they have all only one now-that of pounds, shillings, and pence. Even actual warfare and the formation of annies is now- especially according to British notions mere question of money, instead of a question of patriotism and glory as it was in olden times. Matters have been very much simplified in that way. Instead of various, not unfrequently conflicting, ideas like faith, honour, chivalry, loyalty, patriotism, &c;, there is only one, and a much more definite move- now-cash. But convenient as this change may be in many respects, it has the disadvantage of having rendered the human mind somewhat one-sided as regards its social notions. For all practical purposes two large classes have formed themselves in every country instead of the endless smaller ones that existed formerly. Every trade, every profession, was in bygone days a world of its own-a corporation with special rules, laws, traditions, and manner. They were all more or less at war with each other, but their very multitude prevented any great and deadly conflict between them. Almost every individual had a point of his own, for which' he would have desperately fought, but for which the rest of the people were more or less indifferent. In this way no great general conflict was likely to arise. At certain epochs, however, like those of the rise of Christianity or the rise of Protestantism, small party matters were forgotten, and the whole of Europe became at once overflown by blood and covered with ashes. There was a common fighting point found, and everybody fought. A similar epoch is coming on now. All over the over-peopled, over-worked, and over-prosperous old world, the small lines of demarcation are being effaced, and one dark line is drawing itself deeper and deeper every day. The employers and the employed, the eating and the eaten up, the enjoying themselves and the toiling and suffering, are the only really great parties now in the field, as centuries ago there stood face to face the Christians and the heathens or the Protestants and the Catholics. A terrific fight is sure to be fought, and if it has not come to pass yet, it is simply because in some of the countries there were minor incidental differences to be settled still. They diverted yet part of the people's attention ; but as soon as they are over the one great question is sure to come on the foreground. As proofs may be asked in support of such an assertion, here are some of them. Germany had to settle the question of its unity, and to catch hold of her supremacy over France. The Government of Frederick ? Wilhelm was strong enough to make people otherwise thoroughly divided, unite around these points. Both points have been achieved, and every man that knows anything about German affairs at all, will tell you that a couple of years will not have passed before the republican and working men ln.A'fiinent will have taken possession of the new empire. In fact, the so-called i International was originated and framed, if not in Germany, at all events by Germans,! and in 1848 the revolution was there much more bloody than in France itself, it being the habit of the Teutonic race of doing everything thoroughly durch und durch, as they call it. In Italy, the question of national unity and of the overthrow of the Papal power in civil matters, was of too vital importance to everybody allow the individual interests and passions of the capitalist and the working man to push themselves too much forward. But all who know Italy doubt very much whether Victor' Emmanuel is to have an heir to his throne.' In Spain people wanted to get rid of a loose Queen and of a comipt clergy. They achieved both. They are slow, lazy,' and very much divided still ; yet the work is progressing rapidly, and the International Work ing Men's Association has, proportionally speaking, hardly anywhere so many adherents as on the Peninsula. In Russia the emancipation of the serfs, the necessary to tie the loose and vast empire by railroads, and of restoring the state's finances, keep as yet at peace the country in the hand of the shrewd and good-natured Alexander. But everyone knows that men like Karl Marx, have nowhere a greater number of adherents, and the wildest socialistic theories nowhere more blind disciples . than in Russia, whose very institutions and land laws bear, into the bargain, a good deal of the socialistic character of patriarchal times. In France, the disasters of the war, the overthrow of a disreputable Government, the necessity to pay five milliards of indemnity, to clear off three milliards of war expenses, and to get rid of the enemy still in possession of the soil, have stayed the movement for a while but, according to the French pro- verb, Postponed does not mean lost, and if the excellent land laws of the country will prevent fighting for the land, they will be powerless to prevent the war between capital and labour in the large industrial cities. England is the only country where political struggles were for a long time past purely artificial, when compared with those of the Continent. There was no war to be carried on, no dynasty to overthrow, no constitution to frame, and the consequence was that the capital versus labour question took the disagreeable proportions and character every one is divine of. Vested interests in party and clerical matters still divert' more or less people's attention from the main question of our sad time, but soon everything will be absorbed by the great movement, just as everything was absorbed by the rise of Christianity or of Protestantism. And looking at this general disintegration, or rather decomposition of social arrangements of the old as old, one becomes strongly inclined to ask oneself whether it is not a sad mockery to Avjsh, under such circumstances, " a happy new year to one's fellow-beings. 