TOPICS OF THE DAY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, there fore, the. truth I speak, impngn whoso list." Extract from tho Argus of this morn- wg : — Tno only two speeches delivered during the evening whioh .rose above medi ocrity -.were thoao of Mr. Vale and Mr. Gillies.". |We ask tho pnblic to read the Argna's own report of Mr. Berry's speooh, and then judge by what right that journal every morning ublishes the prefix to this paragraph ' The following tenders for works advertised by the .Railway department' were declared by the honorable the Commissioner of Rail- ways at the Crown Linda Office this morn ing For , 49 waggons to be supplied with all fittings, James Rawlings, £4660. For 50 - ;travorsing sorow-jaoks, Alliance Company of Engineers, £1087 5s. For) 200 cubic yards of mnohinO and hand broken road metal, _ W. Chamhera, £487 10a. ThiB last tender ir'ts.1 he' referred to the engineer for roport. before acceptance. The foliowiri.a tondbrfl were the lowest de clared by.tiie Commissioner of Publio Works this morning for the yearly oontraots issued by tho department : — Cleansing ohlmnoys and flues,' John jM'Lollan, Is 6d each. Cloansing oesspitB mid duet bins, K.Wakofield 8s and ls2d Glazing for the year, referred to tho depart ment for. rtuiorf, to bo announced next Thursday; Winding and repairing olookr, John H.' Waikor, 7s. 1 Mounting tracings, Isi6d,..2s,|4d, John B. Evana. Cleansing and,maintenance of earth c)osets and urinals, .referr/d n.ko 'bo , department for roport, to bo nnnouuoed on Thursday next. Supply of irregular oaatings for Yan Yean works, Lauglauds' Foundry, £22 nor ton. Cartage o( war pipes for Yan Yean, W, Gillespio, 2s 3d per ton for throe miles, 3s 6d for fivo miles, 5s 6d for seven ,4|es,' and 6s 91 for eight miles, Ereotion of jtfia,ad|ir tional subdivisions, medioal officers' qmwtoK and other works, hospital for the ihsatBi Beeohworth, Walker and Haffiday, - Mj9,7w. 10s Id. H- We hear on good authority' that F. Hanns, Esq., tho member for tho Murray Boroughs,' ll" . .T."'T1'"1 f" fl" w'C'""'l'f Hospital, the handsomo' donation' of "£<su. Wo wouia reoommond, says the O. and M. Advertiser, a few moro of onr £300 a yoar.mon .to gCLand. do " likewise, as 'help of thid ' fiffiU 'ttOWB' member of Parliament is quite-aa aeqeptable, and will bo as acceptable,- uA pIlL-RP as thankfully received as thongiAifeSMTP -from "any odor man," and the eximt'rtnffi-'ofitho hospitals of our colony be so muoh tho richer, for the kind liberaUty of thb dondrf/'whb; 'will lord ndtHine bvTiivinc of'theif'BulisFaifoe ' ' to tho charitablo inetitutions'bf ViotoriA. ; In anotKer'column wo publish a letter fr" a oorrdspondont, calling attention torthe yff of aoobmmodation provided byjtho M, a/"'- B. Railway- Company. - The omplalnfwj.l'i just lono, ;:but we -fear < \ ' tempt; to induce tho bampany,. t'<-WdF: the publio intorests in profe'?.08 the shareholders'. pookets wUljie-fMP'Owi rival company or the purohaset/'boeiiiipe , .by the Government is the only.l>I8'r"kbe'' publio; Lot . the residents -.of"18 suburbs;, agitate, and the company- will'P®.??')'8:?8/ to exist. ' ' ' . : V " si..: His Honor Judge Noel r1®® aa 0r8r "> the Insolvent -Court, to-d/' fr,-)ho,,,rel«W9 from custody on Saturdf , pjormng, ofu Mia chaol Bonrkc, of the fin/0'. Wade and Co.. grocers, of; Geelong,'/"8® v®n's> ' 8d.; Tuesday, last, was 8rIEl/'®A.9'(?'1jJ??®I days for,1 provaficattqr . „ ® , 'SS - M/thcM Officer hud dortified bat Bourko wad,.suffers. ing froin scvero dip®® lungs, which would : boL greatly"u6monted by ajonfine- ment. ( / Tn thn Tncaf ita/ Court, to'day, before, his, Honor JndgeNb'. oertifioates woro granted to J. D'ohson,/ Kilda, law agent; andjasi Mitohoner, E/ra'd Hill, blind manufacturer. In tho applirt'0u0'da? Farroll, of Riohmond, : tanner I his ;onor dismissed all the objeotions. but ono r<8rr'n6 1® vexatious litigation with Mr. WooFtt, solioitor. Tho insolvent's o'erti- fioatewrabsPanded for eighteon months, after which mo 't would be granted on payment of 3s p ia tho £. The applications of W. B. Oat Molbourne, late hotelkeeper, and Ohnba Smith, Brighton, laborer, for unoon- dit/al oertifioates, were refused, 'the latter 0p,ccouut of informality. /here is nothing particularly funny abont /fraud summons, bnt sometimos the evi dence brought forward in conneotion with hem is provocative of a hearty laugh. A' 'fraud" case was on the list at the East lollingwood Court this morning, and was utercsting from a certain point of view. R, I. Coe,! a surveyor, was sued this morning or £5, duo to Mrs, Counter, a ady who keeps an hotel in Colling, rood. I Coo said he. was out of employ. nent, and earning nothing, but the landlady atnrmea war too man was a Government servantl The man who served the sammouB said he knew for a fact that Coe was always to be found in the. Crown. Lands Office, and. that when ho presented the ; defendant with the document, he found him apparently " instructing" the clerks. The magistrates decided that a man who is always te be found in a Government offioe instruoting clerks must according to the ordinary rule of evonts belong to tho office where he in structs, gave a decision in favor of Mrs. Counter, and told Coe that if he did not pay up in four weeks, he would go to gaol for a month.1 b At the City Police Office this morning a respectably- dressed man, named Uharlcs Bowman, charged with having stolen a writing-desk, containing £6, was remanded, A young woman, named Cameron, and a man of the name of Lauohlan Smith, charged, on remand! with having assaulted Frank Faulkner, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, were further remanded, on the applioatiou of .Mr. Stephen, who appeared for the defence. Ah Chung, oharged on remand, with having atolen a railway ohair at Kynoton was fur ther remanded. John Levy wnsed of pet- jury, was on the application of the police remanded till Wednesday. \- The funeral of a deceased Chinese resident of Little Bourke street took plaee yesterday afternoon, his remains being followed to the eemetery by rather a lengthy cortege. The hearse was a glass-sided one, disclosing a large varnished pine coffin inside. Ou the box of the hearse, beside the driver, was a Chinese, whose duty it was to throw away, at every few yards, a slip of paper, off a file, whioh he held. On the footboard, in front of him, wero several tea ohests, con taining all sorts of strange things, to be displayed at the grave. Two or three mourning coaohes followed, tho occupants being mostly Chinese, with a fow Europeans interspersed. After the coaches came abont twenty oabB, filled with Chinese. All the Chineae who attended tho funeral woro white round their hats. On arriving at the grave, a variety of remarkable eeremonieB were -performed. . _ Judge Williams now adheres to the prac tice of rising at three o'clock every day, instead of five, as used to be the rule. As an equivalent, he dispenses with the half. hour for Iunohoon, but this still leaves the- sittings an hour and a half shorter than they used to bo. It may. be calonlated that Lyon v. Agency Corporation would, undor" the old regime, have oconpied only nine days instead of twelve.. For our. own part, we wilLfrankly.. say that tho sitting from ten till five, with half an hour allowedforlunoheon, would be by far the most satisfactory arrangement, except for.Sntnrdajs, when the court mightrise, say, at three o'olook. ' ' The s.s. Omeo, whioh is on. .tho point of leaving .for Port _ Darwin, ' ' takes about £10,000 worth of mining maohinory for the quartz companies there. Ourfadetions contemporary' Phnoh is this week espeeially happy in the execution "of its cartoon. It represents the incumbent of All Saints', Sandhurst, the Rev. Mr. Crox- ton, presiding at a pulpit, with a beor- engino alongsido ot Him, whioh is labelled "All Saints' Entire." ' Behind him is a pla card announcing that the rev. gentleman is licensed to retail divine worship and wines and spirits. Tn one hand the rev. gentleman holds the High Church embellished book of common prayer,, .while in the other be grasps the hapdle of the beer-engine. Be neath tho pulpit stands an inebriated waiter, bearing soda and brandy to a besotted drunkard, who'-'poors with a leer from under the engine. The reading matter, too, is capital. ' The first in order of . merit, it may be mentioned that -the rhytbmioal version of tho two taps 'described in the cartoon is spcoially good, following . hard behind the Spring street Ghost. , - We have to ookhowledgo from Mr. Brooks,1 138 Bourke street oast, tho rooeipt of a new work by Dr. Reovoa, entitled the Heart Di seases in A ustralia, publishod by the author. Dr. JIeevca has written and published. many work's upon" diseases that flesh is heir to, but thiB last troatieo is on a: subjeot that is most important. Ilie .hook .is. remarkably well printed, and it's general appearance and cha racter iB a feather in the cap .of Victorian publishers! ' ' . The Geolong Advertiser furnishes a frag ment of political goBsip A story is told reapeoting an ex-M.P., formerly a repre sentative of South Grant, whioh, if true, Burpassea anything that has yet been related in reforenoo to tho deception Occasionally praotisod by representatives on their oonsti-' tuents. It is said that on a oortain occasion two solcotora — who, besides beiug co-re ligionists, wore on intimate and friendly terms with the--; member — engaged' his _ services in oonnoction with an applipation to . the Minister of Lands relative to some ground, An intorvlow with tho Minister was proposed, and the selectors, in due course, marohed to tho Lands Office, for tho purpose of being introduced. On their arrival, however, the M.P. took tho opportunity of entering the apartmont whore I the Minister was seated before bis colleagues. was not elol , aid .tdyjge astonishment and mor. tion of the whoanls, they beard their imed irieffiferuimg the Minister of notuie of ihejr applications, with the itioh that/key should not ho complied _ tfhe rM as "ay bo imagined, wm not very Bat"acor or selectors, and aoaroely i0®0. member, Kfetoa- TostilitroTTho most ' ardent ad devoted of his formqr, oonsti- JrPlfillipiriiaa-a'' flmr -house- :f0r he. ben'3 at tb® pyal. Our-oritic'-and orab atir' wore 'planted Tn_ the front row of the orwded and good-hutaoroth- pitl '.--At-ihomH r tho first r aoti ,we- ., found ithe R|„„i„ od: "a duffing piece,'!, but at th® nd of tho Booona Yit was Mn0t bo i»aS >> JrsT Malanrop spooAilv I icklml iw. '! 0 with her twisters; and Coppin's bii £ upon ,the scene us - Bob 11 AorEB,;i,fa -Wf hunting costume, commenced - the heart business' of ffio ovening.-' How' Hoh 'hewnk -j Wq can look' 'ilowhort slid That, particular schpol. the honest, ,.ch'oBrMrr' ' ,fq(-\J!itted one— now-a-dhyB. ' Ygf -aL-fe ' ' llov.e,,. it still , abo.vo ..all .. things., Th„® lilja) that " warm tjo ' '.qqckles of"vohrIK , heart 1' .hrqadth of' - huino'r4viiicH5- ito? i5"tn the>ving aud'takin' of/gob Iqu'g'htef. Ail' " ithe. old business totood.up Again, iniluding " the >' display of curl papeW'tafm under his -Bp;/rhcn Bob-tosurta' Bis Triendtteffi iB going in for-ttre-farinon— nnd- Ms -Wr hair- (beep in training some time. qiWS' would not aretimh-hondrel.W gtoW ,'drjiht;dn old port. For inetanoe, in. the soeno Where Sir Lucius is inciting' Bob! to 'Wriln 'toi®'"®R tatter.; Slf;Lh?!uk.-,toM?m -.yhglti'. ho must request; tho '. pleasuro.- of i his antagonist's Company -in ..KingBinefid:' -Fields. . According -«to- She'ridatf. -BobwWJ olaims, " Zounds 1 I'mnot aafe'inghimt0 din, Sorl!,' but, filtered through a. merry strinir." E Bannisters, ' Liatons.-Horloyp, Buokstoneh1'"'1 .aBd|Cqppin?"it|IhaB qow, /growu ti, -/(dds!5'' .legsoj mutton and oapors ! I'm not asking ib TO. to a rump-stoak and oyster saues r: . mqllpp-cd jnto yery . perfeotifim 'O'Brien's Sir Anthony was gohd/tao,. .J.atthoiigh;'1 modern! taste will, not, '..give'. 'Jbiny. portnnities for finishing off' his '.'excellent sketch. He pot well into 'th'b/vein 0f Sir Anthony's tetchy bumpr!'.ahdIbrnught,,down the .house with his. fat bits, stfoh--as. the '-' situation in whioh ho.nndIMrt."'MalHj5ll4bvaro puzzled by tho coolness ,'botwpeh;, toe ydune ;'1 lovers:— ... „r v.',,-; OArr. Ansoaora : Nay, tlr!'upori my wo'ri— ' Sir antuonv: Hold your loneuo,--you doe i Mr. 'H Maloprop, toll tho younq lady it's Jaoldg-wayv-Jt'o - wny, it 3 all our ways I It ruus In tho blood of tho Ahsu'utes. | Oait, Aiisoldtb : Sir, I protest — Sir Antiiont : Slloiioo, you r.-puo IIJYour father was so boforo yo I -Mrs. Maloprop, toll tho jSuukI r«dv— Sco,, &c;, : . 3 Mr. Appletoh's Fauikland was a thoreiigb" make-up of the young man of the period ' 1800\. recalling old Drints of fTliarl»u and Elliston, and his acting was on a par with his taste in costume. . | , 1 Tho Colleen Bawn was played at the Poly;-- toohnlo last night, for the benefit of Mr. H. Mason,1 the entorpriaing lessee. Mr. J. p. West pave a remarkably natural imperso'- — nation of Danny Mann, evidently combining many close studies from tho life. So truth ful a realisation of tho character haB'nover been witnessed upon tho Molbourne 'stage. It was full of to.uchos which were startling in their, fidelity. Mr. West deserves all the" more orodit for tho oonsoieutlous-style in whioh ho' played before a spaiBe audienoe, whose attention he rivotted upon himself by tho display of ' genuine power, while the other actors were simply' laughed at, Ho is a sterling player, and one whom wo " ought not to lose. A good word, we know, makoth tho ' heart glad, tho heart of an aotor abovo all, and we are happy to be able ' to give Mr. "West the most sincpre encourage ment, Pluck liko his is bound 'to',, make its way iu too end. n i .! ' ' , 