THE .LEGITIMATE DRAMA, As it WAS BEritESENTEri in KILKENNY THEATRE Royal at the Close of the Last OENTuav. " Fumiilino ovor somo old nowspapors tho otiicr (lay, I lighted upon tho following characteristic inorooau relating to tlio e'oiulitioii of dramatic matters in Iro- land throo-quartors of a contury ago : — ' "By his Majesty's Company of Comodians,' ' avunenny xnoairo ivoyat; , (Tho last niglit, bocau'bo tlie company go to- morrow to Wnterford). " On Saturday, May, 14, 1793, will' bo performed, by command of sovoral . rospoetablo pooplo in this loarriod iriotropolis, for tlio' bonofit of Mr, Koarns, ' "the thaqedy of iiamlet, , " Origiunlly writton and oomposod by tho colehratod "Dan Hayes, of Limoriok, and insertod in Shake- : spoaro's works. : " Hamlet,, by Mr. Kearns (being his first nppoaraneo in that oharaotor), who, botwceii tho acts, will'por- foi'm sovoral solos on tho patent bagpipos, which play two turios at tho samo tlmo. -' " Ophelia, by Mrs. Phin, who will introduco sovoral' favorito airs in oharaotor, particularly ' Tho Lass of lliohmond Hill 1 nnd 1 Wo'll bo happy togotlior,' from tlio Rov. Mr. Dibdin's oddities. " Tlio parts of ICing and Queen, by direction of Bev. Fathor O'CnUnghnn, will bo omitted as being too immoral for nny stngo. ." Raloniits, tho comionl Politilion, by a young gentlo- mnn, boing his first appoarnroo in publio. ' " Tho Ghost, :tlio Grave-digger and Laertes by, Mr. Sainpsom tho groat London oomodiau. 1 ' , \ l " Tho cliaraotors to ho drossod in Roman. Shapos. To wliioli will bo ndded an intorludo; in wliioh will bo lntfoduocd sovoral sloight-of-hnnd tricks by : Surveyor Hunt. : Tlio whole to concludo with thofarcoof > " mahomet the imi>osthiv. "AInhomot .. .. Mr. Koarns "Tiokots to bo had of Mr. Koarns, nt tlio sign of tlio Goat's Board, Castlo Stroot. The .vnlno of Iho t ickots; as usual) will bo taken (if required) in candles bnooii; soap, butlor, chooso, ,fto., as Air. Koarns wishos iu ovory purtimilar to aooominoduto tlio publio. " No poi'Roiis whatovor will bo admitted into tho boxes without shoos or stockings." The 'Faib Sex. — Womou nro a great lnystory. According to Hnllor, .woraon boar lmngor longer than men ; nooording to Plutaroh, thoy oan resist tho offocts of wino hotter ; nooording to TJngcr, thoy grow older arid novor bald j nooording to Pliny, tlioy nro soldbni nttaokod by lions ; and nooording to Gunlcr, tlioy can talk a fowl : " I'm not ill mourning," said n young 'lady frankly tlo a lady quorisfr, " but as tlio widows nro gotting ail tlio offcrs now-a-days, wo poor, girls hnvo to rosort to nrtifioo;" " ' ' ' A f.vitmer in Soulhorn Illinois, sooiug tlio cannon nt Oario. rouiarkod that "'Thorn brass missionaries hail converted n heap of folks." : : A OreStinb aitizon shot the stniHng out of liis.wifo's llftok-hair; which was calmly roposiug on tho window- sill, nnd wliioh lio took for a cat. - - - , An nrticlo itnnouncing tho decenso of n porson, says — " His. reimuus were committed to that bourn whonco 1I0. traveller roturus nttonilod by Iris friends." ; " Siu,":.Baid a Yaukoo to a mombor of oongross, "you prbmisod to voto for my bill." " Yoll," siuiUho mombor, " vat if I. did?" .".Woll, sir, you votod against it." \ " Voll,.vftt if I did ? " " Woll, sir, you" lied ! " ".Yell, val if I did ?" Tr ' is rofroshiug to, como -aiross suoli a gem ns tho following: — , ' ; l'ho lirst bird of spring nt'lomptcd tiJ sing, Itut e-o ho had aouudetin note; . lie fell from the limb— a Urad bird w.13 him— Tliu inuslo Imil friz I11 Ills throat. Some liolploss sort of a porson in Pittsburg, Pn., ndvortiscs ' for " ono or two stndy girls to holp on pautnlooris." 