WILL OF XAl'OU'.ON III. {Frn,A J.'th dre.) Is t'.iti lnttrji' part nf December, 1.T72, Ibo Emperor, fe'lin;; un n^'pnvnliun uf tho .syuiptomn ol tho iliBom'L which was BO s.o m to provo filip", mid IniU.'.^r 1 in no illusory hopes uf thu ultimate sucnrs« of iii,' bpcrt'liiu which lu» physicians hud d"rl"i_\i io bc iiulisiu-iiiiiblo, w:ii inpious 1KT,:O IV, inning him.,. If lo their enre, toe.xpti-.. m ;.i i i:i>?.; his inst will und testament. Ti'.' .iii ' f tvi iUupcrnr Xupalcon III. is ilrinm in two v ;,/ a..-linet parts. Tim stitteiunnn, the Sovereign, thc ilyna-lie chief sp'-i.bs in ono ; in the oli.ei, lite private gentleman, the f.-.l'icr, tho fi Und. Mottvr.i of propriety, whl.-H it is usulcr-s tn dwell upon, will not nllerv of our publishing-nt lens' :t present-tim will of tho ptivato Centillium. The lepioies ntul beipcsta with tillich thc eliapo. sesscel Knipaur him Ihouiihl ptoper to ruwarel eertain devoted fiieiuls, certain faithful servant!', either in tho shape of leivarels or souvenir.-!, would only lutenist the public in n ¡mint of view nf maridel curiosity, which it would scarcely hu proper to gratify ut the picEcul intinipiit. Hut the political will ls a different thing altogether. This, fi om the hour ol ibo author's denth, belongs to history. It lunns part of the ¡inmediato inheriti.iiro nf thc present generation, fur whoso lnsliuctlpn lt was written, lt w ill bo noticed that this will is built up of series nf Holes, thoii,;ht le fleetioiis, provisions, romain trances, written l-l meiliiutivo mood, during the tedi- ous lini.t . of exile. At thu very moment when th J Emperor saw rising before him I'IO probability of enid Impondiiig catas- trophe, he rested nitislleel willi tho eoinplletlou of nuise note , tu which bu wits hnidly aware that ho i e' giving ibu last touch. 'Ibis ls ibo ihietimcni \tc npenli nf, nnd which we print II lihou! rell- cilii,: nr commenting on ; " In tho linnie of tho Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the So», and tho Holy Ghost, I , "Jinda aware by unheard of misfortune of tho uncertainty of worldly concerns, nt an agu whon it rnny please Divino Providence, ofter so many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this lifo before I have been able personally to failli thc mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing, I owe lt ta the honour of my nnme, to my responsibility before history, to the futuro of my rnce, to bequeath to my sou, with ray paternal embrace, and my ardent aspirations, such instructions n's may-guide his conduct, In tho hope that Heaven, soothed by tho overwhelming cutas trophies, which hara fidlen on that beloved French nalinn will abot bim in lils endeavours to reinvest his country with Its past glory, prosperity, and grandeur. " Weighed down by tho most unmerited, and most Infamous accusation', I haya hitherto taft to history, over Impartial und ever true, the euro of my justifica- tion, " During the twenty years that I was called upon by tho national will lo muiingo tho nlhilrs ol' Frunce 1 huve reigned Independently ol' hey erne with regard to dynastic Interests or personal satisfaction, 1 feel tho legitimate pride of being ublo to declare that I htivo brought that country to tho highest degree of prosperity, influença and eclat that it has over been given tn nny monarchy of tho past to onjoy. Whllo maintaining order'in thu interior, and opposing an ¡run hand to the baneful covetousness nf tho disin- herited classes, I have brought nil my efforts to boar on thc moinl, political, nnd social emancipation of the labourer. Under no other regime hus the workmen been lu u more prospérons condition. Never huve the relations between capital mid labour been curried on in a moro peaceful and satisfactory way.' "Notwithstanding tho renown of military glory which attached to tho founder ol' my race, I lind dreamed I hud desired to exclusively devota my reign ta those eflurts nf democratic and social emancipation ; and when, nt thc opening of my career us u sovereign I said nt Bordeaux that ' thc Umpire was pence,' 1 ex- pressed the most sincere conviction that was ever con- veyed to lüuropo and to tho world. "But next to tho aspirations of my hentt wera tba duties of tho mnunrch, mid when I was Induced to draw tho sword, it was never for any other motive than to defend, In ufHrm, or protect tho interests or the honour of Franco. In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochln-Cliina, in Asia Minor, tho triumphs ofiny gallant nrmy have exalted tho grandeur of thc country. " At'tho tinto of life when I nm penning thcBo lines In tho expectation of soon appoaring before Clod, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up ns ii judge for others. I bravo to my son, with the recommendation ol'ultimately making such uso of them as the honour of my miine and bis own may require, tho completo series of documents which will show that, in respect to tho Mexican expedition, interrupted by imperious motives of international right, and also to that lust and fatal war against Prussia, I onco moro had Bolely In view thc honour and interests of tho country who for tho third time In the space of twenty years had by a signai vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. " History will explain how a scries of fatal and un forsecn misfortune?, Inosltiiblo casualties, improvident ndvleos, disappointed provisions, improbnblo results, ended in tho failure of tho moBt generous effort ever attempted to iilUrm the prerogatives und predominance of France. " Au unmentionable crime lins complicated tho catastrophe, and whllo nt Bedan I jeopardised my personal safety to securo that of my army, and to con elude a necessary pence, in Paris brainless demagogues were working tho ruin of Franco by offo tiing to tho conquering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. " A day, which ls not far distant, will dawn when Franco will know the tiuth on nil tho facts and many other topics willoh have been distorted, by calumny and the unhniis of political parties, and on that day France, ufler undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind tho twenty yearn of glory, happiness, nnd pros- perity which shu owed to the rolgn of Napoleon. Tho instincts of thc people arumonnrchlal, and no mnnmchy can teinslnio Franco lu a safer pns'tion than t io con- queror of Austerllts. " II' Provldcnco deems my mission accomplished, and bequeath« to my son the task of carrying out this work ol' reparation, under tho guidance of his excel- lent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of tho devoted frlonds who have remained faithful to mo, I advise him to revert to the principles which inspired my acts nt ;tho beginning of my reign, vi»., order within, pence abroad. " Ktiropo lins been too greatly agltntcd by tho recent wars of the latter years, and Franco may regain her pvostlgo and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not bo one of reprisals, but ono of reparation. Penco within nnd without. And should tho necessity of upholding tho national honour compel him to draw thc sword, let him rely without fear on tho courage of tho French army, too accus- tomed to seo victory crown its efforts under the Im- perial eugle tn remain bowed down under the Inlluence of n temporary disaster. " Let him, nt home e-pcclally, apply himself to de- veloping tho welfare of tho working classes. Lot him bowaro of tho enticement held out by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, con- ceal cruel disappointments, " Lot him seo that respoct is shown to tho legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constltuto tho basis of all social older, lu awarding ti necessary share in tho management of public affairs to tho freo debates of tho tribuno and tho prcsB, let him protect tho country against tho excesses of those discussions which provo such fruitful sources of burren and dangerous ngitution, True liberty ls order-order upheld In tho Interest of all and every one. " Tho experiment of tho last events has shown that nations aro seldom grateful. Franco, who had dono ovcrything far tho enfranchisement of other countries, funnel herself deserted nt a time of supremo necessity. International nlllauccs should bo founded on tho Interests, on tho hopes, and not on tho rights and memories uf tho past. In a powerful, well-appointed army clover diplomacy wltl find n sovereign help to Its action. My son's endeavours will all tend towards ensuring tho soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on n mighty army, Franco, without having recourse to tums, inny repair tho disasters of war, Tho calamities consequent on successive insur- rections during tho last two years have not been ablo to shako tho foundations of thc llnnnclal prosperity laid by tho empire. Tho empira will render that prosperity as flourishing ns heretofore. " Hut tu attain this result, at tho santo timo that it is necessary to proudly dlsplny beforo foreign nations tho flag of France-over respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters-it ls incumbent on tho nation to Insist without wenkness, without concession, with- out compromise, that at home, tho principio of autho- rity, which tho nntion will onco more hasten to consecrate, shall bo respected." 