EVENINGS AND ttO𝔩&GS; IN (THE BUSH. •.'- IV. ' . • To the Editor of the Adooeate. •' SIB,—In my last letter; May 26, I gave on some edifying illustrations of the droll. ways in which "good" <<Wnni1" Protestants 'Prtltant&ritS; BOmB- Bpmeimes show their love and reverence for what they facetiously or ironically^caU their " Holy Bible," 'or " the infallible Word of God ;" lighting their pipes with it, packing their Yarmouth bloaters in it, clearing the bars of their grates with it; and roasting it at taproom fires, after convicting it out of itaown mouth of being a manual or hand-book of all falsehood and obscenity. Odious as the contrast may appear to us Catholics; between Protestant, ip-love and Protestant practical affection for thel Scriptures, the rationale of that contrast is extremely simple. By fanatically exalting the dumb, dead letter of Scripture as it stands in a printed translation, above the living, articulate voice of the Church which -wrote it from the dictation of the Holy Ghost, and which Church alone knows what is Scripture;—by thus, in the spirit of heresy as well as hypocrisy, elevating "the Bible" to an undue pre-eminence, Protestants bring upon the sacred volume the dishonour and opprobrium which sooner or later overtakes all pretenders or impostors when found out. Divorced from the Church, and lifted up so high above its own legitimate sphere, the Bible can never long maintain its false position unchallenged, nor even its own rightful authority." By itself, it cannot prove the infallibility Protestants impute to it. Alone, it cannot substantiate its divine origin or claims. Christ himself said, " If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true." (John v. 31.) In Protestant hands an infallible Bible becomes both the first and Anal cause of contradictory beliefs, that is, of religious falsehood. Among Protestants, the Bible sinks to the contemptible and disgraceful office of being a mere "Stranger's Guide" to the city and tower of Babel, from which emanated their own foreshadowed types in Gentile discord and confusion; and " God is not the author of confusion." (1 Corinthians xiv 33.) But though this deaepration ends in the cottage and the taproom, it does not begin there; nor with the rude and unlettered. These are the victims, not .the inventors, of infidel torpedoes ; though the sufferers from the explosions are most numerous among the illiterate, or the smatterers in .human learning. The waters of life are poisoned far up the stream, at the reservoirs, by those who have charge of the sluices. The profound scholar, with the finest intellectual culture, and versed in subtle speculations, is generally, or always, the chief and leader in every Protestant conspiracy against truth; and this confirms the apostolic declaration, that this world by all its wisdom can never know or love God; Reges ddirant: plectuntur Achivi; as I intend to prove to you by-andbye. There is Professor Jowett, for example. Tou know he was Regius Professorof Greek at Oxford, and the author of No. VII. of the celebrated " Essays and Reviews." He was a rare biblical critic, and an oracle in philology; while his high personal character for amiability and all the private virtues made him the pet and the hero of the rationalising students of the whole Univergity. This learned professor laid down a canon for interpreting Scripture, and accompanied it with a definition. This latter you may .find on page 347 of Essay No. II. To save you trouble I here quote it: Inspiration is that idea,, of Scripture which, e gather from the knowledge of.it." Now, obody can turn up his nose at the proounder of .this definition. ,as at an Irish speaking, unpolished, Galway Catholic riest. . In the. purest classic English the Protestant Greek Regius at Oxford delivers his dictum on Protestant theology after years of diligent biblical study. The canon of biblical interpretation which accompanies the definition; runs thus:—'" The Bible is always to be explained or studied, like any other book, by the laws of grammar, logic, and common sense." Beyond all question, it was very right that Professor Jowett should urge the value of grammar and logic on the undergraduates of Oxford—the sons of the wealthy nobility and gentay of England, who had gone up to the colleges to be perfected in these sciences;. and common sense, too, may be useful to graduates and undergraduates. But how about all those . ,, • • «< ^ - whose blood . . Has crept through scouDdrels since the Flood'?'' How about the pot-boys and scavengers and needy knife-grinders, and tinkers and hodmen and navvies, and coal-taiavera and shoe-blacks, and the whole tribe of workhouse paupers? How must these manage when they eit down to read and interpret holy Scripture, if they have no grammar or logic to bring to bear on its elucidation ? Must they rely wholly on their common sehsei for gathering their ideas of Scripture? And, again, must they study the original Greek, or take the textus receptus of the Protestant " authorised version," or must they wait for the new forthcoming recension ? And again, how; is Hodge' ClodptilS to manage it, if he nevier happened to hear of Barbara, Celarent, Dani. Ferio ? Arid is Tim Bobbin's salvation, ttrough the study of the Scripture, to depend on liis syntax? And 'again, if. grammar and logic be . indispensable for acquiring' the knowledge of Godandthe Kingdom bfHeaveri, where are allthpjKro, 'tfoiuahed BOSS of Eve to go whoneVer tnew B from a bull's foot? And again, did Professor Jowett overlook all the noble avages who run. barefoot in forests when he constructed his definition ^nd canon ? There are many nations or families of these barbarians who never had an alphabet or a written language, or a compulsory Goddenying education law. " Now, when the learned writer of. Essay No. VIL opens up such alarming prospects, riot only for the great bulk of the vulgar erd of mankind, but^what I consider far worse, for me, and for you, too, Mr. Editor, if, like me, you have forgot all the little bit of grammar and logic ever'you knew, and were never overburdened with too much common-sense,—I say, the Greek EegiuB compels us in self-defence to take close looks at his canons, in the hope of extracting more consolation from them than the first sight offers us. "Inspiration," he says, " is that idea of Scripture which we gather from the knowledge of it." Oh, indeed! Well, then, supposing ten thousand Protestants, or Pagans, or Papists, who happen to have a Bible and a quantum stiff, of grammar and logic, and even of common-sense, shall sit down to gather ideas from Scripture by the study of it, every one of the ten thousand will, of course, gather his own idea from his own perusal of it; and every one of the ten thousand ideas may be different from the other. There will, then, be ten thottsand different ideas about the meaning of what iB read. Therefore, according to Professor Jowett's definition, there will be ten thousand different "inspirations." What, then, has the Regius Professor been doing when composing his definition but making a new mask for the old and foolish face of an old and infidel delusion, and scientifically asserting the most unlimited exercise of private judgment, and making every man who reads the Bible his own Holy Ghost ? Serenely as he speaks, he is only telling us that the message God sends us through the Bible has had no specific meaning imposed on it by God; and that all the meaning or all the inspiration Scripture possesses, comes—not from God, but from the reader's brain!!! Inspiration is that idea which we gather of Scripture from the knowledge of it, by the help of grammar, logic, and common sense. Pray, Mr. Editor, admire with what a gentle wave of his dialectic hand, and with what suavity of smile and style, the Oxford Greek Professor thus draws the keen edge of his rationalistic razor across the throat of Protestant Bibli-. cal Christianity in all its hybrid shapes and heterogeneous sizes. The Catholic Faith and Evangelical religion of the Catholic Church the Professor does not touch, or even, aim at. His whole design iB to assassinate the Bible, and with it what is laughably called " Protestant Orthodoxy. He does not even profess to inflict the fatal wound himself. He only affects to make the stiletto or the razor, and show how to use it. And every month of the fickle life of Protestantism brings us fresh instances of the deadly effect of the weapon, especially when wielded by Protestant Episcopal hands. To-day one doctrine of the " Apostles' Creed" is stabbed ; to-morrow, another. This year High Church Bishop Philpotts sits in Exeter ; nest year. Rationalist Bishop Temple. Once Right Reverend Lord Perry, Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, believes in the life everlasting; now his Lordship has held a general council with himself, and alters his belief, and leaves his whole diocese staring and unsettled. From Luther the weapon de- scended to Strauss, from Calvin to Renan, from Chillingworth to Capes, from Darwin to Dr. Perry. It is a progressive game of Rationalistic shuffle and elusive quibbling about "the Bible" as the only religion of Protestants; whereas, in fact, it is not the Bible, but the ever-shifting "ideas" they gather from it. Wrested from the Church, the Bible will "prove" or disprove anything the reader pleases to prove or disprove. Out of the Church the Bible makes every man his own prophet, priest, church, and God; and endB by smothering all objective truth in the rush and crush of innumerable contradictory vagaries. Professor Jowetf a definition has its revenge, however. Dr. Perry denounced the "Essays and Reviews." Now he knows better. He has discovered his mistake and allows every doctrine of the Apostle's Creed to be optional with his Protestant flock. He that is guilty of doubting one, doubts all. Eclecticism has no circumference. The principle of Protestantism is Negation, and Negation has no halting-place in logic short of Nihilism: One stone taken from the arch of Faith imperils the stability of the whole structure. In denying the unity of tlie Church, the short,. sharp, and decisive "dogma" of the protoplastic Positivists was enunciated. These are Dr. Perry's first cousins and poor relations in the Protestant faith. He has been to call on them, and left his card. Their creed is shorter than his at present, and is summed up in one article—" The existence of Qod is impossible ! We all know that the bottom was knocked out of' hell on the St. B31da-road long ago; now they are cautiously taking the hoops off it in Dr. Perry's back- yard on the Eastern Hill" And why not, Mr. Editor? Has he not the right of private judgment ? and did not this right, or rather sin, accrue to mankind iri Paradise at the forbidden tree? But does Dr. Perry/dream that every Protestant will step Vhere hei is novj stopping fend doubting? Does he fancy that even His private tutpr. atr-the Qrampiar .School can keep thfe always Conjugating the Optative tiood of mild un- elief, while an infinitive of boundless, blashemous, licentious emancipation from all ear and love of God and his laws is opened efore them ? > C'est premier pas qui coute. Dr. Perry has taken three or-four "first teps," and the following edifying illustration will show in what direction such steps tend. I hope, Mr. Editor, you are fond of what I call" edifying illustrations." I have my pocket full of them :—Let us enter this Music Hall in the populous town, in a tapoom of whose populous suburbs the Proestant Bible was roasted. It is Wednesday evening, and the third of a series of lectures s to be given on the " Regeneration of Soiety." The Music Hall is crowded to overlowing with an audience of well-dressed artizans and others. A sprinkling of women s also there. All are English, and all are "good" Protestants. The famous philanhropist, Mr. , is the lecturer. He has studied philanthropy in France, Switzerland, and Germany. That is he sitting at the little table up in the orchestra. He is a tall, elderly man of fifty, with an intellectual countenance and a sonorous, flexible voice. As a speaker he is fluent, quaint, lively, argumentative, as fearless as Dr. Bromby, and more outspoken, self- possessed, and skilful in debate. He has addressed the meeting for more than an hour, and he is now replying to questions which he has invited his hearers to propose. Several have ': been asked from the gallery, and answered! amid great applause. Now a gentleman rises on the floor of the hall, and wishes to . ask an important question. There is a hushed and inBtant silence, and the questioner speaks: " Mr. , do you not think the regeneration of society could be more easily effected by carrying out the principles laid down in the Word of God than by those sweeping plans which you recommend ?" " Sir," said the lecturer, rising and advancing to the foot-lights, " I do not understand what you mean by the Word of God." The gentleman explained that he meant the Bible, which he was sure the lecturer " would admit to be the best renovator of society, and the best of books for teaching social morality." The lecturer paused a moment, as if to make sure of the question. Then he drew himself up very erect, and in a pleasant, confident tone, devoid of all bravado, he said: " Sir, I will answer you very frankly. I have read the Bible well and long, and I have formed my own idea of it; and I certainly do not think it the best reformer of society, neither do I think it the best of books; but I believe it, on the contrary, to be the worst of books; and has done more mischief to society, and occasioned more immorality, than all the books in the world put together, and is more like the Word of a Devil than the Word of a God." Such almost verbatim was the reply, given in a sincere and cheerful manner, every syllable reaching, in its emphatic distinctness, to all parts of the hall. And was the lecturer immediately hissed and hooted off the orchestra by an insulted and in iignant congregation ? Nothing of the kind. He stood as calm, proud, and placid as a victorious gladiator; and the words had scarcely passed his lips when there arose from all parts of the music hall, and from a thousand Protestant throats, a loud, prolonged, enthusiastic cheer of tumultuous approbation, responsive to and sympathetic with the lecturer's speech and sentiments. There was not a single Irish Papist in the building. Moreover, those who applauded the infernal, but consistently Protestant utterance, had, in all human probability, een taught to read the Bible in Protestant Sunday-schools and Bible classes, in which they learned to gather their own ideas rom what they read, as Professor Jowett uggests in his new definition , of private udgment. But mark particularly the language of the Protestant lecturer, as if he were repeating Mr. Jowett's rule of Scriptural study. have read the Bible —and I have formed my own idea of it." And what was his own idea? . He believed it more like the word of a devil than a God!!! But as hell is now optional, what does it signify. ? If the worst comes to the worst, the worst is annihilation. To this complexion Dr. Perry has come at last, though Dean Macartney, with all his Hibernian verve and vivaciid, has nouB and feel- • ing enough to wince under the swarming scandals with which his beloved Protestantism is afflicted as it dissolves in the alembic of Rationalism, which, being interpreted, is the hydra—Private Judgment; and wluch evermore meanB the doubt and disbelief of Revelation. But I have an invitation to dinner at the Rev. Mr. Rubric's, a few miles from the Kangaroo Club Hotel. Mr. Rubric is an Ajiglican parson, and gives very nice dinners. You shall hear what happened. June 12,1873. CEOWN LANDS SALE.—Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett and Co. held a sale of Crown lands on Tuesday, at their rooms, Collins-Btreet west. There were offered town lots in Carlton, North Melbourne, Fitzroy, Greendale, and Narrewaxren, the larger number being situated in Carlton. These. started at 20s. per foot (the ^pset),. and reached 25s., and in some instances ae high .a; 31s. The site of the Model. Lodging-house in. King-street, Upoa which there a valuation of J67000 for improvements^was offere^ ana realised .£1733 6a. 8cL „The rest of the Jand offered (With .titaanejjjftm of-one. lot only the upset price.- The ;t?tal„ proewqa , were .£2946 2s. 4d.' PEUTETEE. 