WILL OF NAPOLEON in. -fFrom Lordre) In the latter [-arl of December, 16/2, ibe Eispcror, feeling an aggravotion of tlie synpiunt of the disease wbicli wut so toon to jirovc fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of tbe operation \yhich his physicians had declared ti be indispensable, iras anxious, before resij^ninf; himself to liieircare, to express in writing his iait will and testa ment. The B-ill of'ilie Emperor Napoleon III. is dram up in two rerj distinct parts. The statesman, tlie Sovereign, the dynas tic chief, spcakrin the one ; in the other, the private gentleman, Uie father, the triend. Motives of propriety, which it is use less to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing — at icast, at present— the will of Ihe private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with vrhich too dispossessed jEmperor lias thought proper ta reran} certain derated friends, setUin faithful ierranls, cither in the sbano of rewards or us souvenirs, would only interest the public in a point of view ot morbid curi osity which it would scarcely be proper to gratify at the present moment. But th' political will is a different thing altegethir This, from the hour of its author's leaih, belongs to history. It forms pa rC ot the immediate inheritance of the pr seat generation, tor whose in struction t was written. It wiil --e noticed that tbi» trill is built up of a si* iesofuotcs,tUoughts,reflections, provision- . remembrances, wnttoQ in me ditativo d iod, during tho tedious hours of exile. M the ery moment when the Emperor saw risin ? before him Uie probability of an itnpeu' ing catastrophe, he rested satis fied with he compilation of these notes, to which he was hardly ann that he vts {riring i-« !ail touch. This is he document we speak of, and which we print without reflecting or com Sipnting on ;?' 'In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and Uie Holy Ghost. ' Mode aware by unheard of misfortune el '.he uncertainty of worldly concerns at ?n age w lien it may please IKvine Pro Tidence, e t'tcr so many cruel trials, to with draw me from this lite before I have been able personally to fulfil Ibe mission wtieli 1 bad dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to the In nor of my ntmc, to my rospon kittUty bi tore liistory, to the future of my nee, to b qucatU to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspira ti us, !ucu instructions us may guide bis| conduct, iu Ihc hope that Heaven, soothed' Cy the ovi-r\viiclmuig catastrophes -which lave fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him io his endeavors to reinvest his country witb its past glorr, prosperity amd craadeur. ' Weighed down by the most unmerited and most iufamous accusations, I have lulhcrto left to history, crer impartial and ever true, (lie care of my justification. ' During th-j twenty years that I was rolled upon by tlir national will to man age the affair* of France I hare reigned independently of ony care with regard to (Tynastic internets or porsoDol ssttsfutioa. I feel the ]--gi:imf:tr pride of being able to declare titan bare brought that country to lie higbrat degree of prosperity, influ tacc, and e-l-it that it has ever been given to any monarchy of the past to enjoy. YITiilc maintaining order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the 'baneful cOTcton«nes6 ol the disinherited classes, I have brought ail my efforts to bear on the Dioroi, polilical, and social emancipation «f the laborer. Under no other regime hie the H-orJiinnn bees is a more prosper »cb condition. .N'vrcr hare tlic relations kelwecn capital and labor been carried w in u more peaceful and satisfactory ' Kolnitbftaiulinu the renown of mili tary glory which attacked to Uie founder ?f uiy race, I had dreamed, I had desired io exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democnKic and social craanci nation ; and when, at the opening of my eareer as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that 'the Empire mi peace,' I ei frttKd the nn- st tiuccre conviction that was crcr conveyed to Europe and to tie world. ' Bui next to the aspirations of my Itirt lycro Uie duties ofthe monarch, and wlicu I was induud to draw llie sword it wasuererfor any other motire (ion to tVfi'Qd, to affirm, or protect tie interests or the honor of France. In Crimea, in iialy, in Cuina, in Cocliinciius, in Asm llisor, (lie triumphs of my galliot *tmy lire exsiied tlie graodeur of tbe country. 'At the lime of Jife when I am penning tottc lines in l)ie irpf elation of soon ap ft aring before God, who will judge DC, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the re commendation of ultima teiy making tuna use of them «j the honor of my name and his own may require, the complete series of doenmenu which will thojr tiatt, ia re spect to the Mexican expedition, inter rupted by imperious motives of interna tional right, and alto to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in vieir the honor and interests of the country who for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrust? i Ut destinies to my keeping. ' History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevi table cuaalties, improvident advisers, disappointed provisions, improbable re sulti ended in the failure of the most generous effort ever attempted to affirm tbe prerogatives and predominance of France. ' An unmentionable crime has compli cated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my personal safety to tenure that of my army, and to cotwlttde a news ?cry peace, in Paris brainless demagogues were working the rain of Floats by afford ing to tbe conquering enrmy the spectacle ' of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. ' A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when France will know U)P truth on all the facts and many other topic* which have been distorted by calumny and the aniinus of politieal parties, and oa that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall tcunind the twentyvears of glory, liappineMi and prosperity wbich she owed to tbe reign of Napoleon. The instnets of the people are monarcuCml, and ao monarchy ca* reinstate France- in a safer position than the conqueror of Austrrlitc. ' If Providence deems my mission tc eomplished, and bequeaths to uiy son the task of carrying out this work of repara tion, ander the guidance of hi* excellent mother, ay worthy and beloved wife, an* that of the devoted friends who have re mained faitlfu! to msy J adrite him to revert to the principles which inspired my aots at the beginning of my reign, vie., order within, peace abroad. 'Europe hai been too- greatly agitated by the recent wars of the Utter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not be one of reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and without. And should the ne cessity of upholding tbe national honor compel him to draw the- sword, let him rely without (ear on the courage of the French army, too accustomed to see vic tory crown its efforts under the Imperial eagle to remain bowed down under the in fluence of a temporary disaster. 'Let him at home especially apply brtDself to developing the welfare of the working classes. let Mm beware of the enticement held out by eertain pretended liberal doctrines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. ' Let him see that respect is shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all Bocial order. In awarding a necessary share lot the management of pablic affaire to the free debates of the Tribune and the Press, let him protect the country against the excesses of those discusiioss which prove such fruitful sources of barren and dan gerous agitation. True liberty is order — order upheld in tlic interest of all and every one. ' The experiment of the last events has shown that nations are seldom grate ful. France, who had done everything for he enfranchisement of other countries, ound herself deserted at a time of supreme necessity. International allianoes should be founded on the interests, on the Lopes, and not on rightt and memories of the past. In a powerful, well-appointed army clever diplomacy will find a sover eign help to its action. My son's en deavors should all tend towards ensuring tlie soldier's comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair the disasters of war. Tlie calamities consequent on successive insur rections daring the last two yrars have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperty laid by the Empire. The Empire will render that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore. ' But to attain this result, at the same time tJint it is necessary to proudly dis play before foreign nations tbe flag of France — ever respected, notwithstanding our unmerited disasters— it is incumbent on the nation to insist without weakaeas, without concession, without compromise, that it home the principle of aulhoriiy which the nation will once more hasten to consecrate shall be respected.' 