A GHOST STORY. (From a Correspondent.) For some ye&rs; past the vicinity of Carrickhas been frequented by ghosts, especially the Westbury side of the bridge, a lady dressed in white (so says report) being often seen of a night taking a walk along the Oaks road. There are some people who will not believe these stories, and are so rude in their " infidel notions " as to sneer at the fair reciters, but for all this the stories are told and in eome quarters believed in. On Wednesday night laBt, a weary traveller was wending his way homewards and when nearing the Spot where poor Mrs Regan met her death, these ghost stories came forcibly across his mind, and do what he would he could not shake them off. He had passed the fatal spot and not seeing anything unusual, his spirits began to revive —but hearing a strange sound he looked in the direction from whence it came, and, horror of horrors! on the Sillwood side of the road, he saw a strange object all in white making straight towards him. At times it resembled a dromedary, then all at once it would expand two gigantic white wings, and the only sound to be heard much resembled the puffing of a locomotive engine in full speed. When nearing the traveller it cried out in a loud voice and with determined energy "Kill him—Choker, kill him." This caused the traveller to act in accordance with the first law of nature, and seeing a large tree close by he concealed himself as best he could. By this time the ghost was so near that the traveller saw it had assumed the "human form divine," but of very large dimensions, and it appeared to be having some fun with two other little ghosts in the shape of dogs; the bigger one seemed to be chasing the smaller, urged to it by the monster ghost.' They crossed the main road, and ran along the Oaks road for some distance, when the two tittle ghosts appeared to have a fight about •cmething, and were encouraged _ in _ tlieir diabolical game by the big ghost. This did not last long, and the big ghost returned the way he came, carrying the smallest gliost by the tail. After crossing the road they disappeared amongst the trees. The traveller, greatly amazed, made another attempt to reach his home, which he accomplished without any mishap but the loss of his hat, which lie did not discover until told of it by his wife ; but his nervous system has sustained a fearful shock, and I am afraid that lie will have to take cold baths. On the same night, about the same hour, Mr E. Gillam, of Silhvood, was wakened by his fowls making a great noise ; he jumped out of bed, and thinking there was a thief about he did not dress himself but ran out; the instant he did his dog gave chase to something, and away they •went Jieltcr skelter, crossed the main road, and after going a short distance along the Oaks road the dog collared the object of pursuit and killed it, which tinned out to be a tiger-cat of enormous size, measuring 3ft. 3in. from snout to tip of tail, and weighing between 91b. and 101b. It •was beautifully spotted, and had the dog not torn the skin it would have been worth preserving, being the finest specimen ever seen in this locality. I have no other news to send. You can please yourself about believing the ghost story ; I could" not send it fresher. I vouch for the truth of the tiger-cat. MEETING THIS AFTERNOON.—WE remind our readers that < he Intercolonial Ploughing Match meeting is tn take place at the Town Hall this afternoon, at. :M30. SvnDEX Ai i.iiir.NT.—A few nights ago, Mr Stephen King, representing Messrs Lang and Thniicman, nieiHiaiits, of Melbourne, was in lied at. thcRhip Inn, Hobart Toini. when waking from a sleep ho. without any known predisposing cause, and while simply turning over in the lied froui one side to the other, experienced a sudden agonising pain in the left knee, as though he lr.il b ;en shot. Dr Crowther on being called in stated it to be a displacement of the outer cartilage of tlie knee-joint, and such accidents, to be vi ry rare, though not unknown. Under the assiduous care of the doctor (says our Southern morning contemporary) the patient has only been confined to the bed for a week, and with assistance can now move a short distance, but will not be able to enter on his journey to the North till the beginning of next week. He will have to be very careful in future to prevent a recurrence. FATAL A<.CIIU:>"T.—On Saturday last, as an old man named James Gunton, who resided at Lymington, was shoeing a liorse, the animal kicked him violently in tlie breast. He went into his house, and remarked that the horse had given him " a buster." Early next morning he complained of feeling very unwell, with a pain in his chest ; his wife got up and brought him some tea, but before she returned Gunton was dead. IMPORTANT TO SHIPPERS.—The agent of the T. S. 1ST. Company gives notice that the Company will not be responsible for the correct delivery of any shipment unless each bag bears a distinctly legible private mark of the shipper. RECEPTION* OF A NUN.—At the Church of the Apostles, on Wednesday next, a " reception" or taking tlie White Veil in connection with the Presentation Convent will take place, with all its interesting ceremonies. It is announced that the Most Rev Bishop Murphy will officiate, and preach a sermon, and the choir and St Juseph's Band will render their services. The admission money will be appropriated to the building fund of the Convent. INQUEST AT MOWBRAY.—An inquest was held at the Racecourse Hotel, Mowbray, on Thursday, on the body of Catherine Howe, Mr Henry Gee, foreman. Joseph Butcher deposed that on returning from town towards liis home at Jnverniay, ho hea> d when near the Railway Inn, a enoee, and on going to the ditch saw deceased lying up to her bosom in water ; pulled iicr out, and she sat down by the side of the Dank for a short time; she said she had been deceived by the light, of the lamp, which made iier take the water for the pathway ; she said she would go as far as George Bes- 3 ? V iat '' md witness went as far as the toiLate with her; she walked along quite steadily, and although she had had a drop she knew what she was doing; her clothes were wet but she did not do anything to dry them. Mary Ann Bessell stated "that deceased had tailed at 1,,-r place in the evening about fiiglit o cluck, on her way home, but went back to town, snymg she had left something ; she went away m the direction of town, and witness saw no m0re „f her till the next morning, when she heard bat . W « l was lying dead at witness s neighbor .s 1„„,se. Witness went there, and put deceased i„ a warm bath, but she was nintc dead jMle Sutherland proved that she was told by Mrs Moody that a woman o:i the George Town Road, and Slot Mr Router to take deceased to Mr Bessell's. Viuiess; unurossedhor at Bessell's, and wiapped her m a blanket; on the road deceased stretched her arm out, gave a sigh, and proved that she found dece sed on the s,de of the road at Newnliam at half-past si:: on Tuesday morning Witness spoke to her but she did not answer : iier clothes were wringing wet, and she was very cold, and the white frost was in her hair ; wlil,tE3 called Vrg Sutliel.land D f deposeu that there was nothing on the body to lead to the suspicion that death was produced by violence, but exposure to the cold for so many hours might have caused it, The jury returned a verdict of died from exposure to the cold. 