MISCELLANY. The Final State of the Poll.—Baldness. The End of Time.—A pendulum. What dress is most durable ?—A habit. Passing the Time.—Going by a clock. The last cup of a frolic is generally the hiccup. You don't hear of a policeman being run over—they are never in the way. The Weather for Cabmen. — " Fare " weather. Query.—When a man " lires" with wrath, what sort of shot does he use? i Wht is a Lock like an Hospital ?—Because it's full of wards. The Western wits now call bigamy Utali lising the female sex. Was William Penn's pocket-handkerchief the original pen-wiper? Incredible as it may seem, many of the richest planters of Jamacia live on the coffee grounds. A young lady recently betrothed says that " C. O. D." (Cash on Delivery) means " Call on Dad." When is the weather most like a crockeiy shop?—When it's muggy. Somebody advertises for "a good girl to cook." We have seen some that almost look good enough to eat raw. In what way should the nations of Europe take the rooks as an example? Never to fight without caws. Wrong in the Head.—Mis. Malaprop, whose acquaintance with surgical terms is evidently somewhat imperfect, persists in saying that she once knew a man who was successfully Japanned.—Punch A Nauvoo gentleman gave his two little boys a pistol to play with the other morning, but when he came home at noon he took it away from the surviving one.—American paper. " I'm not in mourning," said a young lady frankly to a lady querist, " but, as the widows are getting all the offers now-a-days, we poor girls have to resort to artifice." Mrs. Partington, noticing the death of Mr. Eyan, the well-known inventor, is extremely anxious to kuow if he is the same person who invented kyan pepper. "Hardly has Mr. Stanley returned from his African expedition," 6ays a French paper, " than the English Government sends Bartle brothers (Sir Bartle Frere) to stop the slave trade on the east coast." New Way to Put It.—A man recently had a monstrous saw-log drawn clear across his body by a yoke of oxen. The log wasn't hurt much, and the widow realised sufficient from it to buy a rosewood overcoat for the dear squeezed out. Never There.—A veteran observer says :— " 1 never place reliance on a man who is telling: what he would have done had he been there, f have noticed that somehow this kind of people never get here." To the Point.—A young medical student recently invited a young lady to attend a concert with him. The damsel's answer to the invitation was in this wise" If you come as a' temporary supply,' I hearing must decline the imitation. I tun only hearing ' regular candidates.'" Rossini's Recipe for Composing an Over ture.—"Wait till the evening before the first per formance ; nothing excites inspiration like necessity and the sight of a manager tearing Ids hair." " In my time," adds the great composer, " Italian managers were bald at thirty." Legal Question.—A jury was brought into court in order that one of their number mignt be instructed upon the following point of law" If I believe that the evidence was one way, and the other eleven believe different, does that justify any other jumnan in knocking me down with a chair?"—The judge answered in general terms. An inebriate stranger precipitated himself down the hotel stain, and on striking the landing reproachfully apostrophised himself with: "If you'd been a wantin to come down stairs, why'n thunder didn't you say so, you wooden- headed old fool, and I'd a ooiue with you an' showed you the way." Poetic Associations.—A young lady who has just returned from Europe advises her friends not to go there "unless you are sure that yon- know enough to appreciate the beauties of Europe. It lends such a charm to Italy to remember that among these groves of olives the immortal Beethoven sculptured the Medice&n; Venus and Shakspeare composed the sub lime pom of' Paradise Lost' "—American paper. Blessed are the Peacemakers.—Two country boys had a fight about a girl at Barrel Station, HI., the other day, and were harmlessly pum melling each other, when a great, clumsy "duffer" of a peacemaker came along, and, in his blundering efforts to separate the boys he killed one of them. There should be exceptions taken to his inheriting the blessing and the promised kingdom. Thriftiness Far North.—The customers of a cooper in the Highlands caused him a great deal of vexation by their saving' habits and persistence In getting ail their tubs and casks repaired, buyin^but verytfttie new work. " I stood it long enough, how ever," said be," until one day old M'Cawbrie brought In an old bunghole, to which he said he wanted a hew barrel made.. Thar I quitted theNorth In disgust." < ASherry Cobbler,— Pray, sir, of what profession are you?" asked an eminent Q.G. recently on circuit of a witness who had come prepared to prove a fact, and who was deemed not Very respectable, " Sir, I am a shoemaker and wine. merchant." " A what, sir?" Said the loarncd counsel "A wine mer chant and tdioehoker." " Then,"bald the oounsel," I may describeyou as a sherry cobbler." j Another Popish Plot.—Mr. Whalley, the well-known member of. Parliament, hai published a letter, in which he asserts that the production of Mr. Wills'® play—" Charles I."—-wad especially sanc tioned by {he Lohl .Chamberlain at the instance of the Ministry, for the purpose of assisting Archbishop Manning to carry out a " conspiracy to break and sub jugatethe spirit of England." Editorial (Jomfort.—The comfort of an editor is destroyed by a boy with a horn, and he ad vertises thus:—"Any parties owning a first-class streak of lightning, the chain variety preferred, and wishing for a subject on which to experiment, are cordially invited to try their skill on a boy, eetat. eleven, who haunts astairway opposite the "Review" office, and exhales' his fleeting aud onion-perfumed breath through a tin horn." Wilt thou leave me in my anguish, Groping on through life alone? Shall i, weak and trembling, languish, With no arm around me thrown? Address " Widow." A Bit of Autobiography.— I was obliged to write too young, when I knew only hall-truths, and was eager to set them forth by what I thought fine words. People -used to call me a good writer then ; now they say I can't write at all, because, for in stance, if I think anybody's house is on fire, I only say, " Sir, your house is on fire f whereas1 formerly I used to say, " Sir, the abode in which you probably passed the delightful days of youth is in a state of inflammation," and everybody used to like the effect of the two p's in " probably passed," and of the two d'sin "delightfuldays."—Mr. RuBkinin"ForeClavi gors." M. Jules Simon.—M. Jules Simon has come just in time to save France from being crushed down, under the force of a By stem which was making of edu cation a common routine, and a tyranny instead of a. blessing. When elected to the Corps Legislate in 1863, M. Jules Simon said in his programme'" Edu cation should be the instruction of children in the pleasantest and most thorough way possible." A rural schoolmaster being asked not more than'a month ago what be thought of M. Simon's governance as compared to H. Duruya, replied." Well, he sends us Erck nmnn-Chatrian'a tales instead of ' TelCmaque,' and tells us to mind our pupils more and politics less."— Daily News. A Couple of Riddles. Not over Alpine enow and ice, But on homely English ground. Excelsior was their device, But sad the fate they found. They did not climb for love or fame. But followed duty's call; They were united in their aim, But parted in their fall. Ans.—Jack and Jill. From foreign parte with fragrance fraught, Thy first within thy second home is brought, Solace to all thy whole dost oft impart, Thou art not science, but thou teachest art. Ans.—Tea-chest. ' Mr. Disraeli.—Mr. Disraeli has earned a place in history ; and will be remembered when many wiser and greater men are forgotten. To meet him in. the long roll of English Prime Ministers is a perpetual surprise, something like that of encountering Saul among the prophets. Not that to be - ranked in the list of English'Prime Ministers is a sure title'to fame. The Addingtons, the Jenkinsons, and the Robinsons, are nearly as much political accidents, mediocrities whose high position illustrates their personal insigni ficance, as if they were English Lord Mayors or American Presidents. Mr. Disraeli's Premiership is of a different order. It will be one of the standing jokes of history, as amuBing to future students of the Victorian era as to us who nave had the happiness to enjoy it at first hand. It supplies the vein <oi comedy which runs through a momentous epoch, as the frolics of Falstaff and Prince Henry lighten the in trigues and wars of Shakspeare's chronicle plays. It is not likely to 1>e forgotten, 6ince what is great often attracts attention less than what is curious. A- paradox, however trivial, an unsettled pointJiowever trumpery— the sex of the Chevalier d'Eon, or the authorship of the Letters of Junius—engage men more than an important but unperplexing truth. Mr. Di&raeli; is a curious puzzle. Nobody ever mentions. his name without a smile ; nobody hears it without a corre sponding smile. It awakens that sense of incongruity in the perception of which we are told that humour consists. Among the staid respectabilities of English politics, Mr. Disraeli is as Fifine at Court or turned duenna. In one sense this is to Mr. Disraeli's credit. It shows that he has had the courage to be himself, and has not shaped his nature upon any conventional model. He has spoken and acted according to his disposition, and brought forth works and deeds after his kind. He has not suppressed or pared away his individuality into commonplace. When he has tried to do so, expelled nature has returned with a bound.—Daily News. A GHOST IN THE STATION-HOUSE.—Few positions in life can be imagined more disagreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police station. The "New Orleans Times" tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost- infested cell in the Fourth Precinct police station in that city. It appears that several years ago "a little old woman" named Ann Murphy committed suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fewer than 13 persons shut up in the cell have attempted to destroy them- selves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering consciousness de- clared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress "with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and down-trodden slippers, with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth finger of her left hand was a plain thin gold ring. "This little woman," said the girl, "beckoned me to get up, and impelled me by some mysterious power to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip round my neck, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor, and fell. I thought I was choking, a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time, over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the description given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep im- mediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. " Father's Son."—" Of Captain Marryat's eldest son Frederick, mentioned in his letter (a fine, wild, generous fellow, who. perished in his prime by the wreck of the Avenger), many stories might be told quite as amusing as those which signalised the early life of his father. He was a universal favourite, but the pranks he sometimes played in his profession alarmed even the least sober among his companions. Amongst his boyish escapades it is related how, when his ship once lay off Gib. he used to be selected to command, the boat which took a certain blind admiral to and from the shore, and. part of his duty consisted in telling the old gentleman whenever an officer saluted him in passing. The temptation to mischief was too strong for poor Fred; the warning, "Officer saluting you, sir,' was given upon all occasions, necessary or otherwise, aud the old admiral was never allowed to rest quiet two minutes without raising his hand to his hah The trick played,upon so important a personage having been discovered, Mr. MidtihipmsnMaiiyat.waa transferred to another ship in disgrace; w^OThe piled -all his baggage in a boat bo as to resemble a coffin, covered it with the Union Jackior a pell, and played the 'Dead March in Saul'onacornopeanas be was conveyed to his new destination. On auother occasion he was serving in a ship off Singapore,' aud not on the best' teimB with his captain, -'who,' on .'giving a ball on board, omitted Mr. Marryat's name from the list of invitations. On the following day, however, when, all the glass and crockery- which had been hired for theguests were ready packed to go hack on shore, he .was the one told off, with malioe prepense, to command boat. On receiving, the order, midBhlpman Fred appeared on deck, slowly and indolently. ' Make haste, sir? pripd the indig nant captain; <* Rub; Sir—jump ? ' Ay, ay, sir,' was the ready response; and jump he did,right over the. ship's side, and dashed into the midst of the hired crockery, thp destruction amongst which may the better imagined than described. The younger boy, Frank, was entered on the roll of the navy at the tender age of three yean, and bis father used to say that when he took turn -tip for that purpose to the port admiral at Plymouth. ahd the officer, wishing to be gracious; patted the little one (who was attired in the costume of a seaman) on the head, with the obser vation, 'WelL you're a fine little fellow,* tiia younjCBter eet all the bystanders in a roar liy the cool I reply, *4hd you're a fine old cock too V Life anil i letters ol Captain lurrjat. 