GREAT DEPRESSION IN THE PRICE OF WOOL. The following important commercial telegram has been placed at the disposal of the Anglo-Australian press agency : — London, March 4. The depression in the London wool sales still continues. The reduction in prices is to the extent of threepence to fourpence per pound. Greasy wools are most affected. Northern Victoria clips averaged 12d per lb ; Western Dis tricts, lad ; ordinary washed, from 22d to 27d ; spout washed fetched up to 304d. Sale of Freehold Farm at Oxley. — A farm, consisting of 121 acres of first class arable land, being Crown allotment 3, section 43, parish of Oxley, situate on tbe Hurdle Creek, now in the occupation of Messrs Phillips and Robinson, and known as Mr Samuel Doway's farm, will, on Satur day, be ofiered for sale by Mr A. L. Ely, at Kettle's Emu Hotel, Oxley. The property to be disposed of is well worth the attention of farmers. Costume Cricket Match.— A meeting of the gentlemen who intend to take part in the costume cricket match, at Beechworth, on Easter Monday, will be held in the committee room of the Public Library this evening. A Strong Love for the Drama. — An extraordinary occurrence took place at tbe Theatre Royal, Lannceston, recently. Four lads wishing to see the performances without paying for admission, climbed up a pipe at the rear of the theatre, and then by means of rough ladders in the " flies " got into the opiiiug above the stage boxes, from which, by lying down, they could peep over the boxes into the theatre. Instead, however, of lying down on the beams they laid down on the laths, which being too slight to bear their weight gave way, and down came two bf the boys through the ceiling into the boxes, where they were secured, before they had well got Over their astonishment. They Were subsequently handed over to the police. The other two boys, alarmed at the accident, managed to escape by the way they had reached their perch, but in doing so one of them stepped on to thi ceiling of the lobby at the entrance to the upper circle, and a quantity of plaster came tumbling down. The Soliciior-Genekal's Visit.— After a sojourn amongst bis constituents for some eight or nine days, tbe Solititor-General takes his departure for the metropolis this morning. Mr Kerferd's connection with his constituents partakes so much of the natjire of personal regard that his stay in the district has not been marked by any public manifestations. Representative and represented have alike faith in each other, so that it is considered as unnecessary for the formar to render an account of his stewardship as for tbe latter to exact pledges for future behaviour. During his stay in the district, Mr Kerferd visited Stanley, Ohiltern, Bright, and other locali ties, at all of which fie was received with an empressement quite refreshing in these days, when, speaking generally, members and constituents seem to have a mutual distrust of each other. At Bright, the Solicitor- General was entertained by a few of the lead ing residents at a banquet, which, however, partook more of a private tjian a public character. In tbe various places to visited, be solicited and obtained information relative to tbe division of the proposed school districts, which will doubtless be turned to account by his hon. colleague, who is striving with might and main to make the Education Act a success. Looking back through tbe vista ol past years, one cannot help being struck with the manner in which Mr Kerferd has gained the goodwill and esteem of all clases of his constituents, without ever sacrificing bis own opinions, or allowing the functions of tbe parliamentary representative to bo merged into those of the delegate. For some time subsequent to bis first return to Parliament. Mr Keferd was, by portions of the constituency, viewed with a certain degree of disfavor. Now, and for years past, since the settlement of the ques tions that caused such rancourous feelings in the minds of the public, no member of Par liament has more thoroughly enjoyed the confidence, and even the personal regard of his constituents. cillltern Police Court — Patrick Qnigby, for creating a disturbance in tbe public streets of Cbiltern, \7»3 brought up at the local police court oil Tuesday,' and fined 20s with tbe alternative of substituting 36 hours' im prisonment for the payment. The following small debt cases were beard and dealt with : — S. F. Owen v F. Miltliorpe ; claim £llGs lOd; order for amount, costs 12s Gd. Same' v P. Galbraith; claim £8 lCs lid; order for ainoOot, costs lis 6d. Same v H. Leechmere ; claim' £1 13s 3d; order for amount, costs 7s Cd. Same v C. Brown ; claim £2 13s 3d ; order for amount, costs 7s Gd. C. W. Rohner v C. W, Bryant ; claim £3 las ; summons enlarged to 11th inst. Same v M. Hiple ; claim £1 10s ; summons onlarged to 11th inst. R. Manley v George Bigby and J. Richmond ; claim ,£4 10s ; case dismisged against Bigby ; order for amount against Richmond with costs 3s Gd. "Wax gar at! a Police Court. — A solitary drunkard, although not likely to be. the last of the race, put in an appearance at the Wangaratta Police Court, OU Wednesday, and was fined 2s Gd, for infringing the laws of sobriety. The Mayor and Dr Miller, J.P.'s, were on the bench. Beechworth Water Supply. — Mr Gordon, chief engineer of water supply, visited Lake Kerferd, yesterday, and examined its capa bilities as a collecting reservoir. From Lake Kerferd Mr Gordon, who was accompanied by Councillor Thomson and Mr Alexander Rodgers, clerk of works, proceeded by way of Hurdle Flat to tbe Lower Nine Mile, and inspected the sources of supply of tbe various races that head from that locality. Afterwards the party, which was joined by Messrs Lang and Matbieson of Stanley, visited Barwidgee, and had a glance at tbe route by which Mr Cbristopherson proposed to bring the waters of tho Kiewa river to Stanley; in cluding the site of the intended syphon at the Barwidgee Gap. On the way from Lake Kerferd to the Lower Nine Mile, Mr Gordon inspected the Union Com pany's tunnel, and with reference to the races generally that head from springs oozing out of the slate in Snake Valley, expressed an opinion that the water was of excellent quality, better than he had seen in most places in the colony. Petiy Robbery. — A few days since a Chinese hut at the Woolshed was broken into daring the absence of tbe owner, and a quantity of rice and some articles of clothing carried off. Dog, it is said, don't eat dog, but in this instance Chinaman has not scrupled to rob Chinaman. Holmes's Creek. — Elsewhere in our columns a communication appears directing tbe attention of the Local Board of Health to tbe foetid state of tbe once pellucid waters of Holmes's Creek, caused by the drainage from the breweries. As many of the resi dents in the neighborhood are dependent on the creek for water for domestic consumption, the complaints made ought to at once secure the attention of the board, and also of the inspector of nuisances. New Means of Employment for the Rising Generation. — John Phelan, revenue officer for the United Shire of Beechworth, and a good many other places besides, is entitled to the credit of having devised a new moans of employment for the rising generation. Being a man of strict moral principles, and strongly opposed to everything savoring of larrikinism, Mr Phelan has come to the conclusion that idleness is a great temptation to youth, and believing with Falstaff, that any employ ment is better than none, he has found vacancies for " respectable young men" in the capacity of informers. At the Beechworth Police Court, yesterday two young men, neither of whom appeared to be over twenty years of age, appeared to prosecute, as infor mers in cases of illegal liquor selling. Mr Pbelan had been fortunate in bis choice of agents, as in both instances' convictions were obtained, but, however desirous we may be of seeing sly-grog put down in the district, and of seeing employment found for re spectable young men, we think that, on the whole, the revenue officer might endeavor to secure a different class of persons to act as in formers. Doubtless, the' profession is easy and luorative, but old-fashioned people who have a regard for the truth, are apt to con sider that that quality is held in little esteem by persons who make their living by swear ing. A Feathered Ghost.— For some time past the Town Hall, Ararat, has been systematically haunted by strange rustling noises, beard at uncertain intervals, "sometimes under the stage, sometimes amongst the spare scenery, and sometimes overhead amongst the flies. Thecheeks of rehearsing amateurs occasionally grew pale as a curious kind of hiss was llGard from below in response to some of their most impassioned speeches. Tbfiags began to grow serious, and it was at, last believed that the forthcoining performance would require to be put off. Nothing could be seen, and the Science of spirit-rapping alone appeared to be the solution of those awful sounds. At length, says the Adonrtiser, the cause of all this I error has heon discovered in the form of a beautiful Water-hen that somehow Or other managed to gain admission into the hall, where, for a week past, it has roamed about unseen. The bird was captured, its wings dipped, and it was turned out in the Botanic Garden, where it is hoped its presence will not create the terror it inspired when strutting its little hour, upon (and below) the stage. Koetoxg. — Our Koetong correspondent, j writing under date 5th instant, thus nlludes to the progress of mining, and other matters ; of interest in the Upper Murray district : — The only important item in mining matters that has occurred during tho past week is, that Messrs Perry and Co., whose claim is the highest on the Cudgewa Creek, washed up a few days ago, and from three tons of black sand got two tons of tin ore ; this has been the best wasbing-up of any claim here as yet. The yield is put down as the result of six weeks' work for three men, and I hear the claim is looking as well as ever. Several of the' claims on the Koetong Creek commenced operations this week, and we are expecting every day to to hear of the prospectors commencing opera tions on their leases. I am glad to be able to say that Mr " Woolshed" Johnson's claim is looking better than ever it did ; he has begun opening out at one end of bis lease, more towards tbe bed of tbe creek, and is getting out some very good black sand, with very little titaniferous iron in it. It was reported here some time ago that Mr Johnson had given up the claim as not being remunerative, -but such was not the case, as he only sus pended working for a week or so. Mr Brown, manager for Bright Bros., has received in structions from his principals to advance at the rate of £25 per ton on any tin ore he can procure; this will supply a want that has long been felt, and hitherto has proved one of tho chief drawbacks to the ' place. Great complaints are made of the way tbe Mining Department is cutting up the leases at present. In one case a lease applied for of two hundred acres on the Dry Forest Creek, and which was approved of both by tbe warden and survevor, was out down by the Mining Department to seventy-eight acre3, and the applicants have even not got this yet, as it is only promised ; this lease has cost the party applying for it close on £150 up to date. In other cases where fifty acres have been applied for .tho applicants have only- received twelve and in one case seven acres out of fifty. We are to have postal com munication at "last. Captain Bance was here last week, and there is to be a post-office opened on the 1st of April.. Mr Inspector Geary has been here on a visit, and we are goiug to have a school opened shortly. In last week's report I made a mistake in writing that Mr Lloyd yvas contractor for Mr Clark's Hotel, it shonld have been Mr Dunn. ' Value of Weeds. — In a work of some re putation in America, written by Dr Grover Coe, it is stated that one of our commonest weeds Erigeron Canavensis ), vulgarly called "cobbler's pegs," may be utilised for medi cinal purposes. Under tbe title " Oil of TCrWrnn » Dr finfl states. " The oil of origeron is, in our estimation, the most valuable remedy of its class. Although not a specific, it is undoubtedly the best agent we possess for the relief of uterine hemorrhage. The dose of the oil in these oases is from live to ten drops, repeated once in from thirty to sixty minutes, according to the urgency of the symptoms. It will act more promptly, being rendered more diffusible, by being pre viously dissolved in alcohol. In addition to internal administration, it may also be applied locally with the best results. A case oc curred under the observation of the writer, over twenty years ago, in which tbe patieutj from excessive loss of blood, was reduced to a comatose condition, and incapable of swal lowing. A piece of cotton wool, saturated with the oil, was introduced internally, when an instantaneous stop was put to the flow of blood. Tbe patient is still living in good health, having attained the age of sixty-three years," In the third volume of Mr Betham's " Flora Australiensis," p. 495, it will be seen that .Dr Woolls, of Parramatta, collected specimens of the plant a few years since, and Port Jackson is mentioned as the only locality for it. This weed has now spread far and wide in these colonies, and has become a nuisance in gardens and cultivated fields- It seems, however, that it has its uses, and those of a most important character, for, iu addition to that already stated, it may be employed internally and externally for various complaints, and its properties are, generally speaking, astringent, styptic, diuretic. American Energy.— Naturalists, geologists, and sportsmen who are in search of occupation cannot do better than proceed to Southern Georgia, where they will find a work going on which is likely to interest them. Active pre parations are, according to the Savannah Neics, in progress to drain the great Okeefino- kee Swamp. This immense swamp, the lar gest in that part of the world, is now to be attacked in earnest and an attempt made to render it valuable for other uses than a resi dence for bears, coons, wild turkeys, snakes, etc. Tbe swamp, which extends down into the upper border of Florida, is a thickly-tim bered morass, nearly 200 miles in circumfer ence — almost twice as large as the Dismal Swamp— and its extraordinary ornithological population, which includes some strange- voiced birds, apparently peculiar to that particular domain, is only paralleled by its endless variety of snakes and alligators. The preliminary work of draining the swamp required an experiment to show the nature of the ground beneath it, and a shaft or tuunel, sunk at the border of the morass, has dis closed, curiously enough, the existence, at a depth of 200 feet, of a bed of genuine bitu minous coal. Its extent, a3 well' as tbe comparative value of tbe coal, remain to be determined. Other geological facts of some interest are said to have been developed by this shaft, one ba ing a stratum of Silnrian rock. Altogether, the Okeefinokee is a most promising swamp, and far above the average. What Was It. — There has be9n an ex traordinary, and, it may be added, singularly unpleasant atmospheric phenomenon near Banbury. About one o'clock in tbe afternoon it AAmAtliiniT in 4-Via eliono nf o nn/1 svf great size" was seen revolving through tbe air. At first people naturally thought it was tho " Claimant," but speedily to their cost dis covered that it was something even more alarming and mysterious. It was accompanied by fire and smoke, and sometimes was high up in the air and at other times close to the ground. Its noise was terrible, and resembled that of an express train running with extreme rapidity. It tore up no fewer than seventeen trees, injured thirty-six more, and threw down 116 yards of stone wall, besides frigbening everybody out of their wits. For a mile and a half this disagreeable thing, whatever it was, pursued its destructive career, and was ac companied in its progress by it whirlwind almost as iniscfiieyQUs as itself, for this latter 'Wtisauce, "it is stated, swept everything before it— dried up a pond over which it passed, carried stones for a distance of forty yards' and knocked down hosts ofraiiings. Altogether, a more troublesome couple than the thing like a haycock and its attendant whirlwind have rarely visited a quiet UOiglibouroood, nor are we surprised to hear that the inhabitants thought " the earth was about to open and swallow .them up.". It is a touching trait in the character of this simple folk that in the hour of peril they were fully prepared to share the fate of the 5anhury cakes whioh have made iheir district so famous. Why will next year be like last ?— Because last yoea- was 1870 and next year will be 1872. A shrill old lady in Memphis, whenever she loses her scissors, rouses her family with, " Where's them shears appeared .to ?" i A Beautiful "Simile.— Referring to the qualifio xtions of sc«ne of tho persons who had signed a petition to the Governor-in-Conncil, pra)ing that the township of Benalla might be separated from" the shire, and created into a borough, the President of the Benalla Shire Council, at tbe meeting on Wednesday, said that one of those who had affixed their signatures had not as much land as ft ' fleft could turn a somersault on." Only entomo logists will be able to fix tbe precise arm. which a flea requires to perform gymnastic exercises, but unless' Benalla fleas are more than usually large or more than ordinarly lively, the quantity of land held by tbe indi vidual referred to must be extremely limited. Building Society. —The usual monthly meeting of the Beechworth Building Society was held at the offices, Camp-strEet, yesterday evening. Mr Gammon occupied the chair, and announced I he receipts for the evening as amounting to £400 Gs. There will be a sale of shares of the monthly meeting in April next. 