'..::_. :;my- Sunday; out, '; '?.; i 'Please M'm, this is imy Sunday evening out ; can I , go novv, ?'' ;.,',' ,', .?..,'?' .'.'.;, 'No, Jane.r can't let you go out, to-, night. Master Freddy isun well, and you' must remain. with him.' '.?,?:?:- i: , /; :: And Jane left the room with a sorrowful countenance. :?? She was dressed ready for setting out on her fe w : hours ? leave of ab 3l.]i(.Ci kjuu liau |juu 1/iL Atvi uuav u^/(iliiru, with tho cherry-colored ribbons, and had a large brooch fastening. her:.shawl, and was even drawing on her glove's ; as' she came intdithorobm;' She had' no thought of being disappointed, for the- mistress had octroye a constitution 'to her domes tics regulating their- Sunday -'evenings' out ;: but :with the despotism of a sove reign, she ' had revoked the' edict and re legated her. subject back to the nursery ? with: Master Freddy as a oompnnion. : Poor Jane. 'Tho little walk that you looked forward to witli Tom or' Harry is swept away, and he poor fellow will keep that appointment, wearily waiting, and at last turn! homo with a great sadness at 1 heart,. arid think^ his Jane faithless, and ;that she was promenading with- some more ? favored : beau, and Jane goes up stairs to i the nursery and pets Master Freddy .and hushes him to sleep, and never vents her feelings by as much as one angry .slap- upon- the tempting shouldersofthat peevish brat: ? ' ? . ? Poor Jane;: It was hard on thee.thaf after thy . toil and moil thou couldst not hare thy Sunday evening out, and I swear ?that thy 'sad face as tliou departedst the room spoilt my evening^ enjoyment and roso up constantly, like sortie reproachful /ghost, between thy 'mistress ?arid myself,1 and made her otherwise pleasant laugh have an edee on it ! '; '. ' Youandl,sir,'whciiwcare'disappointed, are not given to turn away and bear it witli' a sad countenance.: We fume and swear, ,w«. juvci^u tile lutua, uuu uuuau uui nivus; and are cross with our children, and if we are. annoyed, why, sir, :tlio world shall know it; :? ??-' If we have a tri.itesse of our own, shall our wives dare 'to la ugh or be merry p -? ??:? ?' .-?? ? ???'?? ??' '?' ? ? ' You; sir, had made up your mind to go to the opera,1 but you d illy dallied about' ?engaging a seat till the last moment, and then the place that you wanted next tho charming -widow, Mrs Sad weeds, was 'taken, and you wore annoyed and wouldn't go at all, and came home and bullied your wife., You swore at hor because tho dinner had to.be rechauffe, andyouforgot thatyou were ari hour late, and you whipped Miss Polly and sent her howling to bed, and you boxed the ears of Tom,- and then you drank three tumblers of ? whiskey and water, and went to bed erosser than over, and your poor wife hnd to creep' in besidu you and listen to your railing until Jsleep overcame you, and all because' through your own fault you wero disappointed out ofanevening's pleasure. Think of Jane's, sad'face, sir.; had she nota right to,veht her feelings ah(J call her mistress a tyrant ; and yet she went up stairs instead, and sat meekly by the side of Master Freddy. Miss Rosie, yon little pass, you're* member that pic-nie that you hoped to attend with a certain military gentleman, and how you got up betimes in the morn-' ing and dressed your charming person with more, than usual care, and had on your saucy little Gipsy hat by nine o'clock;, and wero coaxing on those delicate straw- ' colored kids, waiting for the carriage to come round, when plash, plash, plash,' came down the rain, and great streams, were tumbling from the house tops, and great streams ran gurgling along thV streets, and thero was no pic-nic for you/ that day ! How you tugged off those' gloves, Miss, and tore thorn all up tho back, and flung your hat to ono end of the room, and your lace shawl to anotlior.and stamped up anddown, pausing occasionally at the window to play an ugly tattoo on the pane, while you scowled and pouted at the torrents without, and, if you thought on the matter at all, must have objurga ted a certain Mr Longfellow and his insane song about the beautiful rain! Rosie, ma belle, think of how meekly the nursery maid turned from her cavalier: and went up to the nursery. , Do we think onough of our servants ¥? Madame, Jane and Mary are not mere' machines, for whose use you have paid so; much, and if you only give them food 'to enable them to work and some corner' that you can shove them into1 at ?night, you have not done your duty. ; It were better for you, madam, and better for them,' if they -were machines ;' but unfortunately they are human,' and'' have souls and passions and instincts and; feelings, and if we pinch them they feel' it ; and if we prick them they bleed. It is inconvenient, but unfortunately it is; 'true. ! You have feelings, my charming:; Mrs ; Crumpton, and you indulge them, you pamper your sensibilities. Are you sad? You can have quiet and soothing' j friends,- and pleasant music, and people- 1 are considerate. But Mary down stairs1 is reading a lettor and you ring tho bell, and she crushes the scrawl into her pocket' and wipes her eye with her sleeve, and - . : comes in with the' tea- urn, and you scold . ' her because' 'those muffins are a little- ?'.\ burned, and you don't know ' that -thatr ?;' ?letter she crushed away into her pbckefc .:«;? announced the death of a dear'sister, and' '?: \ you scold and scold and- scold, and she- ??'-? gulps down her tears and serves' you for' ??', so many dollars a month, and there is no-' clause in the bond' allowjng her to weep. Master Freddy must be amused, and poor .jane witn a splitting neaaaciie goes up 'and sings for him and soothes his piercing cries, while you have the room darkened and the children kept away, and'- : cooling lotions applied to your forehead, madam, when it. aches ; but Jane is only one of. the se;ru/Vanbther race of people, ? who have no right to be ill. ? -?. ?.: . : God help 'them ! They have their sick- - nesses and their headaches, and bitter dis appointments. Tom 'marries some one-' else ; brother Dick' is sent to the'peni-- ?. tentiary, father becomes a drunkard;- ' . -.' their own health is-'bad, they. ' are dying of consumption, and they bend ?; „ their shoulders': to : the ' yoke. - 'ir .- they serve faithfully, they- gel; their- ; \ scanty wages and they are barked at and ' ? scolded, and when sickness comes, fling/' \ them out ; let them go to their hospitals' or their homes, or some other proper ;l place, but don't trouble my lady, about--' such canaille !?'?? ??????? ?-'.'- -???? ?'?'''' . Do not grudge Jane lier Sunday out,.-' and let her havo-it with u- kind word. We* are all the : better ifor a' little recreation.; ' Tho merchant- after his toil at the desk, 1 ( tho schoolboy after his labors withjjs presente, the student after his struggle with Mill; and Huxley, the young' lady after her season of balls : and: ; routs,' arid ? gaities, and dancing, and ' late bed-going, all are 'better for relaxa- ? tion;:a little folding of the , arms, and a. littlo idleness, a wandering down some . '' shady lane? and angling by pleasant.wiiters, and exchanging ? tho desk- aud the college for the green sward, and the crushing, stifling drawingroom for a little flirtation: by. moonlight over the rustic gates or m downy arbor. ? : — ? .-:??'-? ? And if i Jone ? can' only run down' the- ! street,and hang on thearih of the police-' man-, or. saunter away- with Harry, and forget Master Freddy and servitudo for- '? an hour, while'she dream's of the boy-god 'who sharpens his arrows on the whet- ' stone of the human heart,' do not grudge it. God lovcth a cheerful giver, if it be only a Sunday evening out to the little fag, the serva scrvprum in.the scullery.~ Cananian Ilhtstrdldd News'. -. ? 