FOREIGN NEWS. The Vienna Exhibition was opened on May 1 by the Emperor in person. As was to be expected, the proceedings were of an excep tionally interesting character. The drizzling rain which prevailed seems to have besu the only drawback to the magnificent displav which was made in honour of the occasion. The Prince of Wales, Prince Imperial of Germany, and other Princes were present. The Exhibition is still far from complete. The Emperor William has just returned from a 10 days' visit to St. Petersburg, where there were great fesiivitie3. Prince Bismarck was very coldly received. The German State Council have unanimous ly determined to expel the Monastic Orders of Redemptorists and Lazar-sts, and the Congre gations of the Holy Ghost and the Most Holy Heart, as coming under the law against the Jesuits. wiium six momns meir convents must be closed. The health of the Pope, owing to his strong constitution and judicious treatment, has im proved. He heard Miss on Wednesday morning, and received during the dav metnben? of various ecclesiastical orders. That his condition was at one time critical may be surmised from the fact that Cardinal Antonelli deemed it necessary to forward a note to the Catholic powers requesting that there might be no interference with the freedom of action of 'the College of Cardinals in choosing a suc cessor to the Papal chair. The Shah of Persia started from Teheran on his visit to Europe, in the presence of 80,000 people, who showered blessings upon him, and evidently regarded his departure as a gyat era in the history of Peisia. Five millions sterling are to be expended on the trip. Sir Bartle Frere has concluded his East African mission, and reached India on his w«»y home. Though unsuccessful at Zanzibar, be has induced the Iinaun of Muscat and other chiefs in that region to accept the treaty for the suppression of the slave trade. This is a good beginning, and will not fail to have an influence on the Sultan of Zanzibar. Spain has passed through another ordeal with that quietude which geems to mark — for the present, at least — her political changes. Some days since the Permanent Commission appointed to represent the dissolved ^National Assembly ventured to act as though itself, and not the Government, were supreme at Madrid. Ministers met the emergency with great energy, and after a menacing popular demon stration, the Commission was dissolved by decree, and those who prompted this coup d' etat — Marshal Serrano and Signor Sagasta — have deemed it prudent to leave the country. The new Assembly is expected to decide upon a definite form of Government, and to complete the liberation of the slaves in Cuba. Several changes in the Ministry are likely to be made after the Assembly meets. Senor Figueras will probably be President of the Assembly ; Senor Piy Margall, Minister of Finance ; and the veteran Orscnse, President of the Republic ''. The Carlists have gained some considerable successes in the northern provinces. We have tidings of another serious reverse and loss of life of the United States troops, in consequence of being drawn into an ambuscade by the Modoe Indians at their lava-bed fast nesses in Oregon. They are still being pursued. A Washington telegram states that only 30 of the Modocs now remain, and that thev occupy a new and stronger position. More earthquakes have occurred at San Salvador, and the inhabitants of the unfortun ate capital have been impelled to the resolu tion to seek another site for the city. A telegram from Toronto announces a ter rible colliery explosion at Nova Scotia, by which 42 lives have been lost, including the manager of the mine. It is reported from Havanna that the Com mander-in-Chief of the Cuban insurgents has been killed. 