CROP OF NEW YORK MURDERS. A man named Foster wan tried and convicted in 1871 of the murder of a gentleman named Putnam in a street car in New York, He was sentenced to death, but his counsel procured a fresh trial, with the same result. The £ase was taken through all the courts of the State until it reached the Court of Appeal, and that body hag affirmed the conviction. Foster was taken into Court oa January 24, and for the third time sen* tenced to be hanged, unless the Governor should grant him a pardon or commutation. The New York 1 lmes of t he 24th gays—" Those persons whose literary tastes lead them to delight in perusing accounts of' horrid murders need not fear that the supply of their favourite food will run short. The new year has indeed, opened brilliantly. Kather mora than the average number of mutilated corpses have been found iu tbe rivers. The other evening a man was discovered in Jersey City dying from a wound. On Monday a compositor shot a fellow-lodger in this city, because the latter had ventured to address a few civil words to a young lady with whom the compositor seems to have been in love. Hence we may see the danger of falling in love with young ladies, for, ofcourse, the subsequent act of shooting was quite right and proper. Yesterday a man chanced to have a quarrel with a drayman, and struck bim with a whip. Upon this the drayman used his proud privileges as a freeman, and shot his assailant dead. These are all the murders we have heard of up to the hour of two A.M. , but perhaps before going to press we may get a few additions to the pleasing list. In the meanwhile Foster, the car-hook murderer, is to be re-sentenced, and perhaps a few of us will live to see the law turned into something else than a laughing-stock. An amusing story is told in London circles as a fact. A prisoner was accused before Sir Robert Chambers witn stealing a silk handkerchief Upon cross- examination, the prosecuter was not clear upon the important point as to whether he left home with the handkerchief in his pocket. The learned Judge, in his summing up, dwelt upon the doubtful character of the evidence, and urged that gentlemen were often mistaken upon such points. For instance, said he, I should have declared a minute since that I had my watch in my pocket, I now find that I have it not and I remember leaving the watch upon a table in a dressing room. The prisoner was thereupon acquitted, and, as he descended from the dock, he said to the gaoler, That judge is a wise and just man. I should like to know where he lives." On obtain^ ing this information, be left the conrt jumped into a hansom cab, and drove to the residence of the Judge, announced that he had been sent by His Lordship to bring his watch, which be had left upon the table in his dressing-room, received the prize of his ingenuity, and neither the man nor the watch has since been discovered.—"London Letter." Last week a remarkable case was reported in Waterford. For gome weeks past a Mrs Keane wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander Street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on Suuday last a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St Patrick Burial Society in the city, of which he was a member, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s, the amount due to him under the rules of fhe society. He next proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and, sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence The usual wake was held, when all tue relatives of the deceased, with the neighbours, assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed siuce last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The grave however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the t ext day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting and takding his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted and in walked Mrs John Keane, and delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neclc, in the wildest ecstasy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and iuneral. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter Street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created. the greatest amusement in the city. An elderly schoolmistress is mentioned in a recent report of a Cnurch of England school inspector, who when he proposed to her that the children should sing, shook her cane in the faces of the young folks, and said, " Now you little wretches, sing God is Merci ul,' will you?" 