GREAT BRITAIN. ' MR. BRIGHT AND THE SECULARISTS. That the odd feeling of affectionate regard with which Irishmen generally looked upon John Bright has not quite died out, despite his becoming a member of the Coercion Government, is proved by the kindly com ments of the press upon those portions of his recent brilliant address at Birmingham, which referred to matters merely political — that speech which evoked from his consti tuents a display of almost passionate enthu siasm, especially where it pleaded for national education on the principles of the league. With reference to his unfortunate views on that great question the Cork Examiner says : ' There is only one topic in the whole of Mr. Bright's speech the treatment of which has caused us regret. We cannot but be sorry that he should allow his large mind to be dwarfed down to the proportions necessary for association with the Nonconformists on the education question. He confesses, indeed, that they are the minority, yet he holds that their views should regulate the country. ' I admit,' he says, ' that the multitudes differ with me and. you.' And yet the multi tude must give up their convictions and yield them to the passionate, intolerant Non conformists. How strong these convictions are it is unnecessary to say. Nothing could give a more violent wrench to the feelings of a religious people than, flinging religion out of the school doors as if it were a pestilential thing. It is scarcely less a tyranny to the conscience than it would be to forbid worship in a church. Yet this is the oppression which the Nonconformists desire to exercise, and in which they are countenanced by Mr. ??Bi-igUt. DEATH OF AN 'AUSTRALIAN EXPLORER. We have to announce ' that Sir Paul Edmund de Strzelecld (perhaps better known as Count de Strzelecki) died oh October 6, at his residence in Saville Row. For some days previous to his death Sir W. Gull and Mr. Prescott Hewitt prounounced his condi tion hopeless. Count de Strzelecki came from an old Polish family, but, like many others of his countrymen, owing to political circumstances, sought an asylum in .this country., Early in life he was a great travel ler, and on his way from China he happened to land at Sydney. There he met ,Sir George Gipps, the then Governor, aud at his sugges tion explored a great portion of Australia, districts which were then unknown. to travel lers, aud it is well known to many of his friends that in his explorations he discovered specimens of gold. On his arrival i\\\ Eng land,' after his travels in Now South Wales he received a welcome from the ColomaJ ? iiaflff Secretary, and many who had heard of his eminent scientific 'knowledge and of his extensive travel became his warmest friends. His genial and amiable manner made him a great favourite in society. He was selected as one of the Commissioners for the distribu tion of the Irish Famine Fund in 1847-8, and it was during the last-mentioned year that, while discharging his duties as one of the Commissioners, he was stricken by fever at Mayo. He recovered after a short but severe attack, and then assisted to promote the emigration of many impoverished families to Australia. The Government, in considera tion of his valuable services during the famine in Ireland, nominated him in 1848 a Companion (Civil) of the Order of the Bath, and further rewarded him in 1869 by creating him a Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George, an honour which he highly prized. Count de Strzelecki had reached the ripe age of 77 years. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in Juno 1853, was a D.C.L., and a member of several of. our learned societies. AN ENGLISH MARQUIS ON HOME RULE. The Marquis of Salisbury, who appears to. have dipped his tongueiu an extra dose of ac(ua fortis, has been denouncing Irish priest* and Irish peasants for their insolence and turbulence, and he is especially furious against Home Rule. To the suggestion that the Irish nation will return a majority of Home Rulers at the next election his answer is that both parties in England will combine to crush them. This is a naive expression of the Tory idea of ' constitutional Govern* ment' in Ireland. It was practically illus trated on the Education question. THE TICHBORNE TRIAL. At length we (Tablet, Nov. 1) begin to see daylight in the Tiehborne case. Let us explain, lest we should be guilty of contempt of court, that we mean as regards its dura tion. The evidence for the defence is now concluded, and Mr. Hawkins began to recall rebutting evidence on Wednesday, with the understanding that the witnesses at his dis» posal would be done with on Friday, ' when he might have to make a special application.' Should this application refer to the summon ing of more witnesses from America, our calculations may possibly be disturbed; otherwise if we allow even &, month for the tail end of Dr. Kenealy's speech, and another month for Mr. Hawkins's, we may hope to arrive at the summing up by the end of th© year, and in January, at all events, t» be delivered from an intolerable bore. SPIRITIST WONDERS. The London correspondent of the Birming ham Post writes as follows : — ' If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. There are two? mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr, Cooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They mako tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air present them selves to favourites of the spirits ; a lady floats in the air, not in a dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each other's hands like so many idiots, bufc sit at liberty, with powerful opera glasses in their hands, and are invited or the stage, and sit there during the performance — 'mani- festations,' I ought; to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, so. that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it. aud incredulous audiences are permitted on the stage who can watch behind it. The floor below it Is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap door impossible, aud there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation; yet a man enters the box, his legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks ; when the door is opened the man is gone, and no one can conceive in what way he has disappeared. He returns to his box in thejgarb of si gorilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened ; and although a dis tinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body of the meeting, yefc neither the could discover how the disappear anccscame about. Whether the gorilla ate the i butcher, or whether the butcher ate the j gorilla, or whether both ate each other, I nobody was able to say, or to suggest in. what possible .manner they could have dis appeared. The Maskelene and Cooke spirits excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirit disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the bettor of this world, but now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritistpranks which no Cock-laue ghost could pretend to, and w.ould have brought Dr. Johnston down upon his knees in won- . der and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooko would, have been fire aud faggofc.' 