Trnft te Herself; 3T FR2DSRICS W. SOMNSOU. . ' The maaej did yon m^V' be asked. 'The Turkish, bonds irtnch' my brother had in l»is pncket-biofc that night ?'' ' Doa't bs hard on tie — don't be too hard — but they are all gone,' he gaspei tortb, ' I didn'fe taow of bis miaoy — I climbaJ d:-wa into the lock to help him af tsr he fell, and tiien T «-Vi»4v}it tVi-it- he ins rls*--rl T *v»n$*lnJf-f »»?4 his heart beat, and— aad I found tiie pu^kes-book, and took the baads from it, not tlimkuig much about th«ui, not knowing what they were worth thea; upon my soul I didn't.,' be cried again. ?' Dj not pledge year S'lul to mo,1' said Hetty, sternly : *? ratbar think, man, of its passing away into the hands of its Make:-, and bo be honest if you can.' ?'I am— I'm telling you all the tratb.,' whim pered Paulo ; ' it is ociy wheu 1 goc away — when I was afraid of -being hanged — that I found out t-h'i value of the Bjnds. I was poor, and the temptation was too raach. for me. aad 1 sold some of them. With the nrmoy i lived ; there were some Bonds left -whea Garth and Tony put me infcj prison — tinny those two to gether, Miss Deerham, of all men upon oarth! and they vrere hidden in a safe place, aa I thought, but wheu I got back they were all gone. God forgive thfi rascally thieves who took them away — I won't,1' said I'aulo, striking bis hand -upon the back of the chair over which he had been sobbing for the last few mnnents; 'its beggared me, it's hindered me corning back to you with all that I had left, ifs very, very hard.' He buried bis head in the arms he had folded over the chair, and cried nutil the old thought came uppermost again. ' You will write to Tony, then, and tell him that I am not shaaimiug. Tell him there was a wretch of a doctor who told me yesterday that I couldn't live a fortnight. ' Beg him to come, say it's every bic of io true. There s no one, oh there's no one in the world, but biaa.' 'Tour wife,' suggested Hetty. ' She wonldn't come to me. We never agreed ' very well, she was a bad temper,'' replied lJaule 'and directly I was tiken up, she ran away, being afraid of the case. She didn't stand by her husband as she should, she never cared a bit for me.'' ' Yon do not wish to see her then.' 'I don't know how she would treat me,' an swered Baretti : ' and I can't take my own part now, you see. We used to fight sometimes, '' he added, ' and poor Fanny might be glad of paying off old scores, if she's alive now, which I doubt. This death coming suddenly upon ?npoDle lwfnre their time.' he saiH with annt.lipr violent shudder, '. is a hard and cruel thing.' ' Hush ! dojuot; talk in this way, you who have ? ' ' Don't say any more, please,' cried Baretti. ' I remember now — I bad forgotten, just for a mooieat I hxl f jrg.ittanjhow sorry I am for everything. Try and believe that, iliss Deer ham, there, I will swear it, it' you like.' ' 'No, I Hj not require your oath,' cried Hetty, as he made an effort to rise to his feet ; ' I will believe that, after your fashion, you are sorry. I bear no malice against yora, and I Ciinnot stand between you and your last hope of mercy. Heave vengeance or mercy to God for all your past malevolence. Pray to Him, yon poor sinner, whilst there is time.' ' Yes, yes, I will. I always do,' he said, with a trifle too much alacrity; 'and you have been kind to me, you are a good woman, I tnew it, I saw it from the first, What a wife you would have made Tony ! aud what a ? hi ! heaven's mercy, who is this ? not my Fanny, the woman who was here when I looked in first at yon, not Fanny?' „ Mrs. Baretti, with her baby in her arm?, had stolen noiselessly into the room and towards tbe husband upon whose life she had once cal culated, and he made a second effort to rise in his astonisbment.This time he succeeded, aud stood trembling and clutching at the chaii' back for support, and staring at his wife as at a ghost that had dismayed him. ' Yes, here Paulo,' said Mrs. Baretti, ' to take care of you till your son comes bank and to follow you to your grave in gratitude for some thought of me still. I haven't been a good wife, I've been she worst of wives, but I'll take care of you till the end.' Paulo sat down again. 'You're very kind ' he said slowly, 'but you need not talk about following at niy fune ral ; it is n't considerate of you. It isn't, what's Hint- '» ' Yonr child,' replied Mrs. Baretti coming close to him, and with some interest in him tiud his affliction on her face ; ' you would like to see it, wouldn't you.'1 ' My child!' said Paulo, staring at the in . fant ; ' that one ! why who would have thought of that now. My child, another Tony! g»od Lord, what's the Bse of it to me.' ... . , He -still regarded it with' grini interitnoBs:' thesufpriseatfindingJiiinself the father of an infant of that age taking away even bis aston ishment at Mrs.Baretti's presence. 'It's a girl, a dear little girl whom I call Minnie, after a woman who did me once a deal of good. I will tell you how presently T wi' tell you every thing/' j ^'^'Vm /'' eald Panl0' eti11 interested in the little child ; ' what a rum little chap.' He began suddenly to cry again, and to hide his face with his coat-sleeve. Afra. Baretti, a woman of business now, firm and selfposses sed, and conscious of her duty even, looked to wards Hetty inquiringly. 'T had better take him home ?' she said ' Yes,' replied Hetty ; ' I think you had!' It's right I should.' Hetty once more assented. ' I don't feel 'afraid of him,' said the wife, ' and I don't mind takiug care of him, now that he's come to this, and so close on that. It's odd, it's like a book to w-n !-;?» t.ha.. Paalo.' He murmured something in reply, but did not look at her. ' Will you come with me P' she asked. ' T haven't been a good wife ; you have been in your day, the worst of husbands : but for 'the days that are left I can make amends, if vou will.' J 'Yea; I'll c.j3i3.' slid p,mio. 'He rose at or.ee aud caught hold of her arm with eagerness, ' I should like some braady,' he whisper ed. Mrs. Baretti nearly allowed her baby to t,lin from her arms at this wish ; but Paulo'bad not any covart meaning. He had not heard Min me s story yet, or, being .a nervous nnn h« might stiil have ht;sil:ited .it ilie offer ? if her services. Ons glance re:iss;jred her. '?'You' must not di-i-.ik in tbe h'.msc of a Deerham,' said Mrs. Baretti. ' Yes, yes ; that's right, I forgot.. But. .slieV; ji good forgiving Christian ; and to spare ones., bad, so awfully bad as 1 am, is wonderful;11 ho replied. 'I would have l)--en sHiticiio:; with her giving me uptojimic.:. English j:!~:.ic.\ not French mind, and writing to my hoy. Tint's what I came for, n:-,:)iini,' else.' Tnpv v.-«'u''l hare hurried over fr.ju, Fr.woihcn, .?laiM'.-IiuvJd it all I was alnvys Muhnn avfiil liar tbut u.-vbody would '..jlif-,,. ,„.?; b-.a »,/,, ..he'll writ, herself. Willj-y,, n,t J.i.'ss K-crLan- ' Ymi p;-jmi^-d me— you will n,.t i31.c..t yoll, ' T w'.'.l scad tM tun. ' 'TbaVs w*3 -. that's kind,' €aidP«t\o : we'll go. Havcy,).a got that baby tight? * *Yes.'' . ' It ittokk to me as if j.idM &-op it,' Paulo said, in a half kind of gr«*3. 'How old is It?' * Sis mouths.' ' It is odd. to think -iat tbababy shoul d bet there, and belosg to «»,'' he said. '1 don't felt half smuo ncii aioae bow. But you're very good, Fany, fcJ fcike care of me, 1 always thought you were a good sort,' lie added, coaxingly. 'Thank you, MifiB Deer ham fer everything. God bless you ! can't say more wan mat. Thus tbis ill-matched, cross-grained pair of nondescript departed from the house, through ihe French window, and by the way that they had cetne. There had not been much sympathy or emotion evinced between them at their un looked-for meeting, and it was not to be antici pated. But Paulo was grateful ; and Mrs. Ba retti had made up her mind to do her duty at last, aud see the last of her husband. THE PENITENT PAXTLO. The doctors were right in their opinion of Paulo Baretu's case ; the days of the brigand and assassin were, drawing fast to a close. Life at.tbe galleys cad not agreed with him, and had followed too closely on a life of unrestraint and passion not to have its natural effect. He had not been treated well, Paulo maintained till his last hour ; tbe brutes had been always down upoa him, they had tried his temper : they had shot at him in one futile effort which he had made to escape, and they had done their best in every way to kill him. Extra punishment far little offences ; serious restrictions of his privileges for great ones ; no mercy under any circumstances ; his own desperate nature war ring at every turn against tbe rules — and his constitution, never very strong, broke up more rapidly than even the prison doctors had bar grined for. They were talking of his dissolu tion when a chauce presented itself of his es cape ; and though they were searching for him in Paris, whither, they believed heaadretreatcd it was only as a matter of form, and with the ulterior object of burying honest Paulo. jxli ? j-*iiicui-i mas wigduii^aiUj' muug ; tuiu the Barstoft visitors were scared by the green faced man who came in his bath-chair along the pier, and to the piei'-head, where he had once cursed his son for leaving him. Mrs. Ba retti had provided a bath-chair for her hus band; and there was n,t much attempt to elude the vigilance of those who might be looking for him. Tbe Doctor in Barstoft had main tained that it would be sudden death to Paulo to excite him m any great degree, and be would be allowed to die in peace, even if dis covered, Mrs. Baretti was assured. She even endeavoured to console Paulo with this asser tion ; but his spirits were jnot raised by the thought that a medical certificate was always ready to interpose between him aud arrest. It was scarcely consolatory to 'know that he was far too ill to be taken into custody and trans ferred to the Freuch authorities, and 'he would have preferred the information that, with peace and care, he might eventually recover. 'I here were sudden gleams of hope, wild clutches at life, that were horrible to witness in this man, and which were followed by much mailings ?£ despair again. He who had been terribly re gardless of the value of life to other men, was deeply concerned about his own profitless ex istence. If Tony would only come, he might get better; with Tony to take care of him there would be removed from his mind the one auiiety that was waring him away. To think ? the boy had notforgiven him for the great mis take which bad brought him to this pass, and by which he had suffered most of all«of them ! Huddled in his bath chair, with his wife's plaid shawl wrapped in many folds abaut him, and above which his hideous head peered, he was not a pleasant sight to Barstoft company, but he had taken a fancy to the pier — there waa a chance that the breeze might bring him round a little, and Tony might come that way by sea, thongh it was very much out of his way to do so. After all, why should he not recover, thought Paulo : he was not. an old ra.au ; hia chest was like a bullock's, and though the doc tors said there was something wrong inside of it, liow the devil did they know what was inside him, he should like to know ! Paulo, when disposed for argument, would reason in tbis way; but his voice was a feeble and piping one, and he did not care to exercise it frequently. He preferred to have his bath, chair brought to the pier-head in the bright sunshine, wherein he could bask and wait and pray for Tony, aud his wife, always a stolid sentinel, knew that be did not care as a rule for intrusion on his thoughts. Here he would sit and glower at the sea for hours, unless any boys at play uponthe pier ran againsthis chair — which was not an unf requent case — when he would look round and swear at tlaem in a mild falsetto, like a forlorn and limp Punch with »Uthe fun gone out of him. . He preferred the. hot afternoons of that August month for com ing out of doors ; tEere were less people to atinoy him, and the heat kept prying women (how he hated prying women) in their homes. Mrs. Baretti brought her baby into the sun shine on tbese afterAQons at times, and. Paulo ^roulcl condescend to notice it, and to cry over ! it and wish tbat it were Tony, nutil the old brooding fit would seize him and take him away from present company. It was on these sultry afternoons that Hetty Deerham found him on the pier, with Mrs. Baretti by his sfde. There was a news paper across his lap, but be had grown tired of perusing it, and was watching intently a ves sel in tbe far-off sunshine on tie sea. The pier was almost destitute of visitors, 'the ^'y was hot and close, and only the laping of the waves amongst the timbers below seemed to break the stillness of the scene. Hetty advanced cautiously to Mrs. Barctti sitting in the shade on the seat which went round the wooden lighthouse in the centre. She had not brought out her child on this oc casion. ' Is he asleep ?' she asked in a very low voice. ' No ; lie does not sleep much,' was the an swer. '.'I heard that you were here.' ' I wisl) he wouldn't come — he will die on tbe pier one of these .early days, I think,' mut tered Mrs. Baretti. '1 thought that I should like to see him again,' said Hetty, '? 1 have been anxious con cerning him.' ' Anxions ! — why.' '? His penitence is ?o strange aud hard, and he stands s » close to the brink-,' said Hetty, uneasily. ' H;nhe wot soon a clerarrman ? or expressed a wish t) seo one r ' ' No; as he gets weaker,' said tlio wife, ' bo ho bpcouiM iiin-r hopeful of getting better. 1 think.' Hetty i7vo3s.'-i tn him, aud his eves wandered from (lie ilisraut isliip l-- her fiice, at which he Winked iu the sun :ii if cidoavonring to recol loct her. ' Miss Dccrhaui, isn't it ?' be said. ' Yes,' \v:is ( !;r, rc;-ly. 'Tony ]i:.sn.'i c-.tn-- j-eV he said: 'you v.T'AC: yuv. l;ei.: T.jiir Kurd with mo.'1 ' 1 did not writu, 1 telefTi'aphcd.' '?That was l;ifi.l. ' he crii'd exnltaiitlv : ' that was like a thoughtful wouuui. My vote thinks -??!';:'. thins but lier l::.l.y. i;-,t -f oilier people Jinii-li. I-int — ' i:- ,-i Ivv.' ovo.ikii'' v,lif=per ' I i!.!nk ri::sL.;;g;... ' I tr«6t that yon Wft as hopeful of iitattawi; life a- of this one,'!eMid Hetty, tS aa 'eirnestr voice. 'WeshoMdaUhejriepairea.'* ??. 1 Paulo blinled at her again over Ms wrap pings. ' ' \ - ' : ?'-. : \- ' I should not have thought that yon were a religious woman,' he said slowly. ' I do not know that I am,' said Hetty. ' But disappointments, and regrets, will mate one serious at times.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 