THE NOVELIST. THE NEW MAGDALEN, [BY WILKIE COLLINS.] fÎHAPTEii XITI.^ENTER JULIAN. A week has passed. The scene opens again in tho dining-room at Mahlethorpo House. The hospitable table bears once moro its burden of good things for lunch. But, on this .occasion, Lady Janet sits alone. Her attention is divided between reading tho newspaper and feeding lier cat. The cat is a sleek and splendid creature. He carries an erect tail. He rolla luxuriously on tho soft carpet. He approaches his mistress in a series of coquettish curves. He smells with dainty hesitation at tho choicest morsels that can bo offered to him. The musicnl monotony of his, pur ring falls soothiugly on ber ladyship's ear. She stops in the middle of a leading article and looks with a care worn face at the happy 'cat. " Upon my honour," cries Lady Janet, thinking, in her inveterately ironical man ner, of tho cares that trouble her, " all things considered, Tom, I wish I was You !" The cat. starts-not at his mistress's complimentary apostrophe, but at a knock at tho door which follows close upon it. Lndy Janet says, carelessly enough "como in ;" looks round listlessly to seo who it ia ; and starts, like the cat, when the door opeus and discloses - Julian Gray ! " You-or your ghost ?" she exclaims. She has noticed already that Julian is paler than usual, and that there is something in bis manner at once uueasy and subdued-highly uncharacteristic of him at other times. Ho takes a seat by her side, and kisses her hand. But-for tho first time in his aunt's experience of him-ho refuses tho good things on the luncheon-table, and he has uothiug to say to the cat ! That neglected animal takes refuge on Lady Janet's lap. Lady Janet, with ber eyes fixed expectantly on bur nephew (determining to ''have it ont of him" at the first opportunity) waits to bear what ho hus to say for himself.- Julian has no alternative but to bréale the Bilonco, and tell his story as ho best may. " I got back from tho Continent hist night," ho began. "And leonie here, ns I promised, to report myself on my roturn. How doos, your ladyship do ? How is Miss Roseberry ? ' Lady Janet laid un indicative (merer on the laco pelerine which ornamented the upper part of her dress. "Hero in the old lady, well," bbc unuttered-¡md pointed next to tho room above them '"And there," she added, " is tho young lady, ill. Is anything tho matter with you Julian ?" " Perhaps I am a little tired after my journey. Never mind mo, Is Miss Eoseberry suffering from the shock?" "What else should she ha nuffcring from ? I will never forgive yon, Julian, for briuging that crazy impostor into my houso." " My dear aunt, when I was tho innocent moana of bringing her hero I hud no idea that such a person as Miss Roseberry was in existence. Nobody laments what has happened more sincerely than I do. Have you lind medical advice ?" ' I took her to tho seaside a week sinco, by medical advice," ll Has tho change of air done her no good ?" Nono whatever. If anything, thu chango of air has madohor worse. Sometimes she sits for hours together áspalo as death, wiLhout looking at anything, aud with out uttoriug n word, Sometimes sho brightens up, and seems as if she was pu«ur to sny nometing-and then, Heaven only knows why, check» herself suddenly ns if sho was nt'niid to speak. I could support that. But What cuts ms to tho heurt, Julian, is, that she docs not appear to trust uni und to love mo as she did Who seems to bo doubtful of mo ; shu seems to Im f - ighiened ?u "Í10' ^ Ilot k')tw *h"t it wan simply impossible that sucha thing could be, I should really think she suspected mo of believing what that wretch said of her ?lu ono Word (aud between ouivdvcM) I benin to fear hbo Will novor got over thu fright which caused that fainting ut i'hurois aurions mischief somewhere-and try ns I mi}> to discover it, it is mischief beyond my findiug." Can tho doctor iio nothing ?" Lady Janet M blight bliu-k eyes answered, Moro file roplicd ¡H words with n, look of Miprcmo contempt. tho doctor!" «hu repented liisdnii.fully. "T Drought G nico burk lust night, in fdnvr despair, und 1 sont for tho doctor Uti" muming. Ko is tit tho head.of Iiis profession ; ho is said to bo making ten thousand a year-and he knows no moro about it thau I do. I nm quito serious. Tho grea". physician has just gono away with two guineas in his pockot. Ono guinea for advising inc to keep her quiet : nuother guinea for telling mo to trust to timo. Do you wonder how ho gets on at this rate ? My dear boy, thoy all get on in tho same way. Ihe medical profession thrives on two incurable diseases rn these modern days-a He-disease and a She-disease. She-disease -nervous depression ; ho-disease-suppressed gout. Remedies, one guinea if you go to tho doctor ; two guineas, if tho doctor ¡roes to you. I might have bought a new bonnet," cried her ladyship indignantly. " with thc mouoy I have given to that man ! Let us change the subject. I lose my temper when I think of it. Besides, I want to know something. Why did you go abroad ?" At that plain question Julian looked unaffectedly sur prised. " I wroto to explain," he said. " Have you not received my letter ?" " Oh, I ¡jot your letter. It was long enough, in all conscience-and, long as it was, it did not toll mo tho one tiling I wanted to know." " What is tho ' ono thing' ?" Lady Janet's reply not too palpably at first-at that second motive for Julian's jonruey which she had suspected Julian of concealing from ber. " I wanted to kuow," she said, " why you troubled yourself to make your inquiries on tho Continent in per son ? You know where my old courier is to bo found. You havo yourself pronounced him to bo the most intel ligent and trustworthy of men. Answer me honestly could you not havo sent him in your place ?" "I might have sent him," Julian admitted-a little reluctantly. " You might have sont the courier-and you were under an engagement to stay here ns my guest. Answer me honestly once more. Why did you go away?" Julian hesitated. Lady janot paused for his reply, with the air of a woman who was prepared to wait (if necessary) for the rest of tho afternoon. " I had a reason of my own for going," Julinu said at last "Yes?" rejoined Lady Janet, prepared to wait (if necessary) till the next morning. "Areason," Julian resumed,." which I would rather not mention." " Oh !" said Lady Janet. " Another mystery-eh ? And another womau at the bottom of it no doubt ? Thank you -that will do-I am sufficiently answered. No wonder-ns a clergyman-that you look a little con fused. There is perhaps a certain grace, under the circumstances, in looking confused. Wo will chango the subject. You stay here, of course, now you have come back ?*' Once more the famous pulpit orator seemed to find himself in the inconceivable predicament of not knowing what to say. Once more Lady Janet looked resigned to wait (if necessary) until the middle ot noxt week. Julian took refuge in au answor worthy of the most commonplace man on thc face of tho civilised earth. " I beg your ladyship to accept my thanks and my excuses," he said. Lady Janet's many-ringed fingers mechanically strok ing tho cat in her lap began to stroke tho wrong way. Lady Janet's inexhaustible patience showed signs of failing her at last " Mighty civil, I am sure," she said. " Make it com plete. Say, Mr. Julian presents his complements to Lady Janet Roy, and regrets that a previous engage ment-Julian !" exclaimed tho old lady, suddenly push ing the cat off her lap, and flinging her last pretence of good temper to tho winds-Julian, I am not to be trifled with ! There is but ouo explanation of your con duct-you aro ovidoutly avoiding my house. Is there somebody you dislike in it ? Is it mo ?" Julian intimated by a gesture that his aunt's last question wa9 absurd. (Tho much-injured cat elevated his back, waved his tail slowly, walked to tho fireplace and honoured the rug by tukinsr a seat on it.) Lady Janet persisted. " Is it Grace Roseberry ?" sho .asked next. Even Juliau's patience bogan to show signs of yield ing. His mauuer assumed a sudden deeision.Jhis voice rose a tone louder. 11 You insist ou knowing?" ho said. " It is J Miss Roseberry." " You don't Uko her ?" cried Lady Janet, with a sud den burst of angry surprise. Julian broke out, ou his side ; " If I seo any moro of her," he answered, tho rare colour mounting passion ately in his cheeks, " I shall bo tho unhappiest man liv ing. If I see any moro of her I shall bo false to my old friend who is to marry her. Keep us apart, if you havo auy regard for my peace of mind, keep us apart." Unutterable amazomeut expressed itself in his aunt's lifted hands. Uutrovernuble curiosity uttered itself m his aunt's next words. " You dou't mcau to toll mo you are in lovo with Grace?" Julian sprung restlessly to his feet, and disturbed thc cat at the fireplace. (Thc cat left tho room.) " I don't know what to tell you," he said, "I can't realise it to myself. No other woman has ever roused tho feeling iu mo which this woman seems to have culled to lifo ia an notant. In thc hope of forgetting her I broke my engagement herc : T purposely seized thc opportunity of making those inquiries abroad. Quito useless. I think of her, morning, noon, and night ; I see her and hoar her, at this moment, as plniuly as^I seo and hear you. She has made /icr-self a part of Hii/-self ; I dou't understand my life without her. My power of will seems to bo gone. I said to myself tbis morning, ' I will write to my aunt ; I won't go buck to Mubluthorpe House.' Hero I am iu Mablethorpo House, with a meau subterfuge to justify mo to my own conscience. 'I owe it to my aunt to call on my aunt.' That is what I said to myself ou tho way hero ; and I was secretly hoping overy step of tho way that «be would eome'iuto the room when I got hero ; I um hop. ing it now. And she is engaged to Horace Holmerot't to^my oldest friend, to my best friend ! Am I un iufer nal ra«cal, or am I a weak fool ? God knows-I don't. Keep my secret, aunt ; I am heartily ashamed of my self ; 1 used to think I was mudo out of botter stuff thin this. Dou't say a word to Horuco. I must, and will, conquer it ; let mo go." . . ¡o snatched np his bat. Lady Janot rising with tho activity of a youu# womau, pursued him across the room, aud stopped bim at the door. "No," answered tho resolute old lady, "I won't let yon go. Como buck with mo." AH sho said those wgrds sho noticed with a cortam fond prido tho brilliant colour mounting in his chocks tho hashing brightness which lent an added lustre to his eyes. Ho hud uover, to her mind, looked so bnudsomo before .She toole bis arm. and led him to tho chairs which they bad just left. It wa« shocking, it was wrong (sho mentally admitted), to look on Mercy, under the circumstances, with any other eye than tho oyo of a brother or a friend. In a clergyman (perhaps) doubly shocking, doubly wrong. Hut, with all her respect for the vested interests of Florae, Lndy Jnui't could not blame Julian. Worse still, she was privately conscious that ho hud, somehow or other, rison, than fallen, iu ber estimation within tho lust minute or two. Who 'could deny that her ndopted daughter was a chnrini'ig creature? V-ho could wonder if a man of relined tastes admired hör? Upon tho whole, her ladyship humanely decided that her nephew was rather to bo pit ied thau blamed. What dnughtor of Five (no mattor whother sho wa3 soventeeu or seventy) could hu vu honestly arrived nt any othor conclusion? Do what a man may-lot him commit anything ho likes, from nu error to a crime-so long as there is a woman at fie bottom of it. there is an inexhaustible fuud of pardon for him in every other woman's heart. '"Sit down," said Lilly Jauut, smiling' in spito of herself ; ''and don't talk in that horriblo wny again A mau, Julian-especially a famous man liko you-ought to know how to control himself." Julian burstiug out laughing' bitterly. ' Send npstuirs for my self-control," he said. "Its in her possession-not iu mino. Good morning:, aunt." Ho rose from his chair. Lady Janet instantly pushed him back to it. "I insist onjyour staying herc," she said, " if it is only for a few miuuteä longer. I have somafchiug to say to you." "Does it ref or to Miss Roseberry ?" " It refers to tho hateful woman who frightened Miss Roseberry. Now are you satisfied ?" Julian bowed, and settled himself in his chair. " I don't much liko to acknowledge it," his aunt went on. "But I want you to understand that I have suntu thiug really serious to speak about, for once iu a way. Julian ! that wretch not only frightened Grace-she actually frightens Me." "Frightens you? She is quito harrale-s, poor thiug." "'Poor thiug !"' repeated Lady Janet. " Did you say. ' poor thiug ' ?" " Yos." " Is it possible that you pity her ?" " From tho bottom of my heart." Tho old lady's temper gave way asrain .at that reply. " I hato a man who can't hate anybody !" shu burst out. " If yon had been au ancient Kornau, Julian, I believo you would have pitied Nero himself." Julian cordially agreed with her. " I believe I should," ho said quietly. " All sinners, my dear aunt, aro more or loss miserable sinners. Nero must have beuu one of the wretchedest of mankind.'' " Wretched !" exclaimed Lady Janet. " Nero wrotched ! A man who committed robbery, arson, and murder, to his own violin accompaniment-only wretched ! What next, I wonder ? When modern philanthropy begins to apologise for Nero, modern philanthropy has arrived at a pretty pass indeed ! We shall hear next that Bloody Queen Mary was as playful as a kitten ; and if poor dour Henry the Eighth carried anything to uti extreme, it was tho practice of the domestic virtues. Ah, how I hate cant! What were wo talkiug about just now? You wander from the subject, Julian ; you ¡ire what I call, bird-witted. I protest I forget what I wanted to say to you No, I won't be reminded of it. I may bc nu old woman, but I am not in my dotage yet ! Why do you sit there staring ? Have you nothing to say for yourself ? Of all the peo ple iu the world have you lost tho use of your tungue r " Julian's excellent temper, and accurate knowledge of his aunt's charaoter, exactly fitted him to calm tho ris ing storm. He contrived to lead Lady Janet insensibly back to tho lost subject, by dexterous reference to a narrative which he had thus left untold-the narrative of his adventures on tho Oontiuout. " I have a great deal to any, aunt," ho replied. " I have not yet told you of my Discoveries abroad." Lady Janet instantly to.ik thc bait. "I knew thoro was something forgotten," she said. " You have been all this time iu tho house, and you have told me nothing. Kegiu directly. " Patient Julian began. 