GOVETI'S LEAP IX A STOBAL A Sjietcii from Xatubb. A riTFUi Jay cf storm and sunshine-smiles ; A time when e'en it st.en.13 that .Nature's soul Xs torn by diverse passions good and ill "Warring for mastery in her troubled depths Undaunted by earth's threats ; a traveller now Slow wandei s on upward. triviug for some point Of vantage ground o'er elemental rage. JTothing for miles but >pare trees fchivering cold In thinnest garb ol leaves that scarce can hide The grcyneea of the leaden \ault, when lo ! A sudden break reveals a scene sublime— A mighty gorge with gently wooded slopes Blue-green in mossy distance, velvet soft In rounded outline and moist- breathing bloom; Contrasting with the solid majesty Of crowning fortress lines that angry rise Above the valley, in defiance stern Onst&nding; str- ng with thousand feet of wan Bed-fronted, streaked with blackening lines of time. A view majestic ever ! Ay, but now E'en awe-compelling in storm-grandeur ceres. When o'er tbe ramparts black clouds frowning brood, Hiding each loftv summit in a gloom 01 shrouding mists that hang in cumbrous mass, Or. torn and jagged at the edges, sed . White cloud-bits straying to the vale beneath. A constant c!i-r ge motionless and dark The vaporous volumes rest upon the heights, Then sudden sweep down in some glen-recess Dividing there in downy fragments white That sleep awhile upon the mountain s brow, Then, restless, swiftly upward climb, as il In hast© to join the mother-cloud above. The gazer watches. Ah, one moment now The Quenchless 3U», resuming power, strives To pierce th<= veil, ju-t lights the nearer slopes, Anil 'gainst the white streaks of shower- bank Throws up in black relief a bastion rock "With sentinel tower beneath. The gleam is gone ! A distant growl. A flash ! Then ifrom . afar. Boiling resistless, sweep the thunder-heaps Ftom peak t . j>eak lid every towering height Is robed white witl: broodiiKyumnlus, Throwing great arms into eacu hollovwnb gorg e, Advaccir-r, now silent, in suspended strength, Then firlcg forth its roaring cannono' . With lightning fork that renus the steaming pall As fortress answers fort in echoing rage. The fight is won ! The one-time glorious scene Of mouLt and vale is blotted out from view, Till naught is seen but one broad sheet of mist, And on the brink of a great sea of foam, Dike skeletons in ghastly humid air, The gaunt trees stand with white arms stretching wild. But, no ! a wind uprises, and once more The shroud lifts off, rock-guardians glower dark Amid the greyness, and from out the depths, As from some horrible infernal fire. The smoking inhts seethe up Again the towers And tree-clad slopes are clear revealcl, while bright With recent moisture reddening rocks glare forth One instant, and the waterfall light gleams Against a background dark, like shimmering ghost. The sudden gleaming smile 'ncath frowning brows Lo, bides but for a while, for fuming down The vapors spread oV-r all the scene once more— A blue flash qui vers through the grey, a crash, The lulling storm reiuming, bursts as if To anger wrought by "cloud-compelling Jove," Though fain its surging breast it now would calm And cease to strive in fierce electric ire. But first its pent-up moisture it must vent In passion torrent of great-dropping tears, Till all relieved by downward pouring rain Its will is gained. Yet ono: more Nature's face Is hid by dim-grey veil of blinding cloud, And then the sun o'erwhelms his watery foes As Heaven's blue eyes peep through thebreakinggloom, The " brouillarda" vaubh, suft the landscape glows With purple tints— moist atmospheric hues, While wet rocks glittering in the sunlight seen Like laughing lips rejoicing, and the trees Arc diainoud-iaueu all with glistening drops. The storm has passed. Karth breathe? in sweet repose, The lowering frown has left the mountain's brow, In dream of blue the peaceful valley lies And world and sbv in smiling beauty blend. AUSTRALIA Govett's Leap, March, 173. 