CONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. REYNOLDS. The consecration of a Bishop is at all times an interesting event, because it is, as the Bishop of Maitland so felicitously expressed it in his sermon on the occasion, "an act by which the Church renews her vigor, provides for her preservation and expansion." but there are circumstauces connected with the important event which took place in S. Francis Xavier's Cathe- dral on Sunday last which render it one of more than ordinary interest. Not only was it the first episcopal consecration in this diocese, but to many of those present it was the first they had ever witnessed, and probably to many more the only one they will ever witness. But independently of these fortuitous circum- stances, the presence of the venerable Metropolitan of Australia, whom we might appropriately call the Patriarch of the Australian Church, and the fact that the Bishop about to be consecrated was no stranger, but one who was personally known to a very large proportion of those over whom he has been called to rule, would alone be sufficient to attract a large congregation, and to awaken some degree of enthusiastic interest in the proceedings of the day. It is no matter for surprise, therefore that at an early hour on Sunday morning crowds of people from the suburbs, the country, and all parts of the city were seen wending their way towards the Cathedral, which, long before the hour appointed for the commencement of the service, was comfortably filled. The arrangements made by those gentlemen who had undertaken the task of allotting the seats were so well carried out that there was no confusion or overcrowding. In order to make room for the large number of clergy who were expected to be present, the choir was considerably enlarged, and the altar amis brought for- ward some distance. The following are the names of the prelates and clergy who took part in or were present at the ceremonies : — His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Folding, Arch- bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia ; the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst ; the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Murply, Bishop of Hobarton ; the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, the Very Rev. F. Byrne, the Very Rev. J. Tappeiner, S. J., Superior of the Jesuits ; Very Rev. A. Strele, S.J., Superior of S. Aloysius' College; Rev. Frs. Palhuber and Hager, S.J. ; and the Revs. P. Hughes, Wm. Kennedy, Theodore Bon- gaerts, Chas. Van der Heydcn, Jas. Quinlan, J. Maher, M. O'Connor, P. Corcoran, P, Moore, C. McCloskey, P. Bourke, P. Keough ; and the Revs. Dr. O'Connor, of Sydney, and Fr. Colletti, the Archbishop's (Secretary. At 10 o'clock precisely the procession filed into the sanctuary, (sic) First came the cross-bearer, followed by the altar-boys in surplices and soutanes, then the clergy of the diocese. Next came the assistant Bishops, with their chaplains, as follow : — The Bishop of Hobarton, Chaplain, Dr. O'Connor; the Bishop of Bathurst, Chaplain, Rev. P. Corcoran ; the Bishop of Maitland, Chaplain, Fr. Bourke ; the Bishop-Elect of Adelaide, Chaplain, Very Rev. Fr. Tappeiner — the rear being brought up by His Grace the Archbishop, accompanied by his chaplains, the Rev. Fr. Colletti and the Very Rev. Fr. Strele, S.J. The Ven. Archdeacon Russell and the Rev. P. Kehoe officiated as Major and Minor Masters of Ceremonies respectively. The Archbishop having taken his seat on the throne, was robed by his chaplains, and the Consecration Service was commenced by the First As- sistant Bishop, Dr. Murphy, addressing the Archbishop, who sat in front of the altar, as follows : — "Most reverend Father — Our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, requires that you raise this Priest here pre- sent to the charge of the Episcopate." The Consecrator—"Have you the Apostolic mandate ?" The Bishop of Hobart Town —"We have." The Consecrator — "Let 1 it be read." The Yery Eev. Fr. Byrne, Consecrator's Notary, then ascended the pulpit, aud read distinctly and audibly the Bull of Consecration ; after Avliich the Consecrator, holding Avith both his hands the book of the Gospels open on liis knees, Avith its lower margin towards the Bishop-Elect, administered the oath of spiritual fealty and obedience, which . being done, the Consecrator said — " Thanks be to God." After this the : latter read distinctly, and the assistant Bishops in a low aroice, the folloAving exa- niination, all three wearing their mitres : — The Consecrator — "The ancient disci pline of the Holy Fathers teaches aud enjoins that he aa'Iio is elected to the order of the Episcopate be first most diligently examined with all charity on the doctrine nl? flin ITnlv Tviiiifv. nnrl lin infovrnorjH-nrI \----- w o on diArers causes, and conduct conformable to this dignity, and necessary to be kept according to the saying of the Apostle, "Lay hands on no one quickly;' both that he whois to be ordained be instructed Iioav one constituted under this authority ought to converse in the Church of God, and that those Avho lay on him vlieir hands, for his ordination may be blameless. By the same authority and command, then, dearly beloved brother, Avith sincere cha rity, AAre ask of you if .you Avill, as far as your nature is capable, bend all your understanding to the meaning of the Divine Scripture ?" The Bishop-Elect — " I aa'ill in all things so conform to it, and obey it." The Consecrator — "Will you, both by word aud example, teach the people for Avhom you are to be ordained Avhat you understand from the Divine Scriptures?" The Bishop-Elect — "I will." The Consecrator — " Will you re verently receive, teach, aud keep the tra ditions of the Orthodox Fathers, and the decretal constitutions of the Holy Apos tolic See?" The Bishop-Elect — "I AA'ill." ; The Consecrator— "Will you sIioav fidelity, j subjection, and obedience to blessed Peter the Apostle, to aalioin God lias given the poAA'er of binding aud of loosing, and to His Vicar Pope Pius IX., and liis suc cessors, the Roman Pontiffs, according to their canonical authority?" The Bishop-Elect — " I aa'ill." The Consecrator — " Will, you, to the utmost of your power, by the help of the Lord, restrain your conduct from all evil. and turn it to all good ?" 'Tlie Bishop-Elect — " I Avill." 'The Consecrator — "Will you, Avitli the help of God, observe, keep, and teacli, chastity and sobriety?" Tho Bishop- Elect — " I aa'ill." The Consecrator — Will you be always employed in divine tilings, ana tiisenrangicci rrom eartniy business or filthy lucre, as far as human frailty will alloAV?" The Bishop-Elect — "I Avill." The Consecrator — "Will you, iu your oavii person, obseiwe humility and patience, aud in like manner teach others ?" The Bishop-Elect — "I aa'ill." The Con secrator—" Will you, in the name of the Lord, be affable and compassionate to tlie poor, to strangers, and to all in need ?" The Bishop-Eiect — " I Avill." Tlie Con secrator — "Do you believe, according to your understanding, and the capacity of your reason, in the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, one God Almighty, and the Avhole Godhead in the Holy Trinity co-essential, eon- substantial, co- eternal, and co-omnipotent, of one will, poAver, and majesty, the Creator of all creatures, from Avhoiu, by Avhom, and in Avliom, are all things Aviiicii are in Heaven and 011 earth, a'isible and invisible, corpo real and spiritual ?" The Bishop-Elect — " I agree, and so I bclie\'c." The Conse crator — " Do you believe that each single person in tlie Holy Trinity is the one God, truly, fully, and perfectly ?" The Bishop. Elect — "I believe." The Consecrator — " Do you hclicA'c that the very Son of God, the Word of G od, eternally horn of the Father, con-substantial, co-omnipo tent, aud co-equal in ail respects to tho Father in Divinity, born in time by the Holy Ghost of Mary, ever Virgin, Avith a rational soul, having Iavo births — one of the Father, eternal, the other of His Mother, temporal, true God, and true man, not adoptive not seenung, nut me only Son of God in two, and of two natures, but in the singularity of one person, impassible and immortal by His divinity, but avIio suffered for us aud for our salvation in His humanity by a. true passion in the flesh, Avas buried, and rising again from the dead by a true re surrection of the flesh ; on the fortieth day after liis resurrection, iu the flesh Avith aa'hich He rose again, and His soul, He ascended to hea\'en, and sits at the right hand of the Father ; that He Avill come thence to judge the living and the dead, aud Avill render to every one accor ding to his Avorks, Avhelher they be good or evil?" The Bishop-Elect — "I agree, and so I belioA-e in all particulars." The Consecralor — "Do you believe also that the Holy Ghost is fully, perfectly, and truly God, proceeding from the Father aud the Son, co-equal and co-essential, co- omnipotent. and co-eternal in every respect with the Father and the Son ?" Tlie Bishop-Elect — " I believe." The Conse- crator—" Do you believe that this Holy Trinity is not three Gods, but one God, almighty, eternal, invisible, and unchange able ?" The Bishop-Elect — " I believe." The Consecrator — "Do you believe that the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church is tho one true Church, in which is given the one true baptism, and true remission of all sins ?" The Bishop-Elect — " I believe." The Consecrator — " Do you also anthematise every heresy lifting up against tho Holy Catholic Church?" The Bishop-Elect — " I anathematise it." The Consecrator — " Do you believe alsoin a true resurrection of the same flesh with Avhieli you arc uoav clothed, and everlasting life?" The Bishop-Elect — "I believe." The Consecrator—" Do you believe also that the New and Old Testaments, the Law and Prophets and Apostles came from the mm fhlrirl n.nrl t wuu 4 Jl.HU Bisiiop-Elect— " I believe." The Conse crator— "May this your faith, dearly beloved brother in Christ, be increased to true and eternal happiness." . The responses Avere all made by the Bishop-Elect in a firm and clear voiee, aud, the examination being concluded, he Avas led to the Consecrator, whose hand lie kissed, after aa'hich the Mass was pro ceeded with as far as the last verse of the Gradual. Iu the meantime the Bishop- Eiect Avas conducted to S. Joseph's altar, Avliere, having _ laid aside the cope and donned the episcopal robes, he read the Mass to the same point as the Consecrator, when, being again. led to the front of the altar, the Consecrator addressed him as folloAvs : — " Let us pray, dearly beloved brethren, that the goodness of Almighty God, Avatehful for the good of His Church, may grant to this Elect the riches of His grace, through Jesus Christ, our Lord." Then all present prostrated themselves in prayer; after Avliich the Litany of the Saints Avas sung, the office of Chief Cantor being ably filled by Father Colletti, avIiosc rich sonorous a'oice reverberated through out the building, and the responses Avere sung Avith corresponding devotion and effect. Alter the Te rot/amus audi, nos, in re sponse to tho prayer for the souls of the faithful departed, the Consecrator rose, and turning towards the Bishop-Elect, made over him the sign of the cross, in voking the blessing of God upon him. At the end of the Litany, Fr. Tappeiner bold the Book of the Gospels open upon the neck and shoulders of the Bishop- Elect, Avhilc the Consecrator, with the Assistant Bishops, laid their hands upon him, saying, " Aeeipe Spiritum Sanctum" - -- -- — ("Eeceive the Holy Ghost.'") His Grace then laid aside the mitre, and pro ceeded with the preface, as MIoavs : — " It is truly meet and just, right aud salu tary, that Ave should always and in all places give thanks to Thee, Holy Lord, Father Al mighty, Eternal God, the honor of all digni ties, Avliich minister to Thy glory by holy orders. O Clod, Avho in secret and familiar discourse, instructing Moses, Tliy servant, among other rites of Thy heavenly Avorship' concerning the fashion also of the the priestly vestments, didst order thine elect, Aaron, to be clothed Avith a mystic garment during the time of sacrifice, that future posterity might 1'oceive understanding from the examples of their ancestors, that this teaching of thy doctrine may never fail or be wanting ; and thus even the foreshadowing of the emblems might inspire reverence under the ancient dispensation, and Ave from our oavii experience might have a more just knoAvledge of the realities prefigured. For the vesture of the former priesthood designates the adorning of our minds ; and the glory of the Fontil'f is not iioav in the beauty of his garments, but in the unsullied brightness of souls. For the graces aa'hich heretofore charmed the carnal eye are to appear to the eye of the understanding. Wherefore, on this Thy ser vant, whom Thou hast chosen for the highest offices of the priesthood, bestoAv, Ave beseech Thee, this favor, that whatsoeA'er Avas figured in all the variety of dazzling ornament5, and costly apparel, may appear in his conduct. In this Priest fill up the measure of graces Thy ministry requires, aud provided AA'ith all means of promoting Thy glory, pour out upon bun the holiness of Thy celestial unction." The head, of LlieBislinn-F.Wa-. tlmi, bound by Fr. Colletti with a Avhite scarf, and the Consecrator, turning towards the altar, began the Veui Creator, Avhich Avas taken up by the choir. At the end of the first A'erse the Consecrator, taking his seat before the middle of the altar, anointed the head of the Elect, saying : — " May thy head he anointed and conse crated by the blessing of Heaven in the Epis copal Order. In the name of the Father f, the Son f, and the Holy Ghost f. Amen. May this, 0 Lord flow plenteously on his head ; may it descend through the very ex tremities of his frame, that tho a'irtue of Thy spirit may both fill his interior and surround his exterior. May constancy of faith, purity of Ioa'c, sincerity of peace abound in him. Hay his feet, by Thy grace, he beautiful to preach the Gospel of peace, to manifest Thy goodness. Give him, 0 Lord, the ministry of reconciliation in Avord and deed, in tho virtue of signs and Avords. May his discourse and preaching be not in the persuasive words of human Avisdom, but iu the showing forth of the spirit and a'irtue, Give him, 0 Lord, the keys of the kingdom of heaven, tliat he may use and not glory in the power which Thou beatowest for edification, and not for destruction. May whatever he shall bind on earth be bound also in Heaven ; and what ever he shall loose on earth be loosed also in Heaven. May his sins be retained whose sins he shall retain ; and his be forgiven whose he shall forgive. May ho bo filled with blessings whom ho shall bless. May he be a faithful and prudent servant whom Thou, 0 Lord, mayest place over Tliy family, that he may give them food in due season, aud show every man perfect. May he be diligent in carefulness, fervent in spirit. May he hate pride, love humility and truth, aud never abandon it, overcome by praise or fear. May he not set up light for darkness, nor darkness for light. May he not say that evil is good, or good is evil. May he bo debtor to the wise and the unwise, that he may gather fruit from the maturity of all. Grant him, \+ h A niMi'/lAnol IllHAM A +A Hill A \J XJVJi.ll) LJ-J.'O VyJJXfSwVJJJCvl UHll'lll.) LVJ XllLC J-JJ .J Church and the people committed to him. Be Thou his authority, his power, his bul wark. Multiply over him Thy blessing f and favor, that through Thy bounty he may be ever fitted for imploring Thy mercy, and by Thy grace be ever devout. Through Jesus Christ our Lord." His Grace tlieu intoned the following Antiplion : — " Like ointment on the head that ran down upon the beard of Aaron, which ran down to the skirt of his garment, the Lord hath com manded blessing for ever." Aud the 132ncl Psalm. " Jacce quaiii bonus," &c.;, being sung, the hands of the Bishop-Elect were anointed with holy chrism, the Consc- crator using the following prayer : — " May these hands be consecrated with consecrated oil, and the chrism of sanctifica- tion; as Samuel anointed David King aud Prophet, so be thou anointed and consecrated in the name of God theFaftlior, of the t Son, and of the Holy f Ghost, making the likeness of the Holy Cross of our saviour Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from death, and brought us to the kingom of Heaven. Hear us lovingly, 0 Almighty Patlier, eternal God ! and grant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Through the same, &c.; Amen." The crozier ancl episcopal ring were then blessed and delivered to the conse crated Bishop. Then, delivering the Boole of the Gospels to him, the Oonse- crator and assistant Bishops gave him the osculum pads (the kiss of peace) and the the new Bishop having retired to his own altar, accompanied by tho assistants, pro- ceeaeci wltti iuo ivxtiss as lar as tm? uhoi- tory, when, kneeling before the Conse- crator, he presented him witli two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. Then, standing with His Grace at the Epistle side of the, altar, he accompa nied him in tho Mass, and received the Communion at his hands. After the Blessing the mitre was blessed and placed on the head of the newly-consecratccl Bishop, the following prayer being used : — "AVe place, 0 Lord, on the head of this Thy Prelate and Champion the helmet of defiance and salvation, that with glorified and armed head he may appear to the ene mies of truth terrible, with the horns of both Testaments ; and by the abundance of Thy grace, be their valiant assailant, who didst distinguish the countenance of Thy servant, Moses, adorned by means of discourse with Thee, with the most shining horns of Thy brightness and truth ; and didst order a tiara to be placed on the head of Aaron Thy High Priest. Amen." Tho gloves were then blessed, and put upon the hands of the consecrated with the following prayer : — " Surround, 0 Lord, the hands of this Thy Minister with the clearness of the now man, who came down from Heaven ; that as Jacob, the beloved, obtained his father's blessing by offering to him most savory food and drink, with hands covered with the skins of kids, so may he also, through the victim of salvation, offered by his hands, deserve to obtain £tlie blessing of Thy grace. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who offered himself to Thee for us in the likeness of sinful flesh. Amen." Tho newly-consecrated Bishop was then enthroned upon the seat from whioh the Consecrator had just risen, and the " Te Dcuni Latulanius" was begun. During the chaunting of this hymn the new Jiisnop, Witll I/IIO cl.LLctULi-J, down the aisles of the church, blessing the congregation as lie went. On return ing to the altar, he was conducted to his own chapel, wearing his mitre and carry ing his pastoral staff, where he read the Gospel of S. John, the same being also read by the Consecrator. The sendee, which, lasted about two j hours and a half, was of a most impres- sive character; and the attention of those present at it never flagged. It was origi nally intended to have had a High Mass on the occasion, but it was afterwards thought that the prolongation of the ser vice which this would have entailed would be too great a strain upon the physical constitution of His Gracc the Archbishop, and it was therefore considered better to have a Low Mass on this occasion and a High Mass on the following Sunday. At the conclusion of the ceremonies, His Lordship the Bishop of Maitlaud ascended the pulpit, and preached the following sermon : — " ' Take Leecl to yourselves and to all the flock oyer which tho Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood.' -Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 2S. These words, dearly beloved brethren, which I have quoted from the Acts of the Apostles, were addressed by the great Apostle of the Gentiles to the ancients of the Church of Ephesus with the view of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by God of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in sound doctrine, of preserving them from poisonous pastures, and protecting them from the in cursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after his departure, would enter in among them, not sparing the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstances that could not but make a lasting impression on the clergy of Ephesus, for he held out no hope of ever seeing . them again. 4 Aud now, bohold, bound in the Spirit X go to Jerusalem, not knowing tlio tilings tnat sliall beial me tnere, only that the Holy Ghost in every city Avit- nessetli to me, saying that chains and aillctions wiiit for me at Jerusalem. And now, behold, I know that all you among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God shall see my face no more.' It is, I am siire, unnecessary for me to say that the occasion which has called us together to- day is one of great importance and unusual interest, for we are all assembled in great numbers in this Cathedral Church of Adelaide, not only from tho various districts of the vast colony of South Australia, but both prelates, priests, and members of the laity have come here to day from other colonies to testify their deep interest "in tho solemn proceedings, full of hope and promise for the Avelfare of the Church and Diocese of Adelaide. The vast croAvds here assembled from all quarters of the Diocese, and the attendance of so many members of other denominations, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as I do, rendered still more interest ing uy the fact that for the first time in the history of this Diocese has its Chief Pastor been consecrated in his own Cathedral and in the midst of his oavu flock. It is always, my dear brethren, a solemn thing to Avitness the transmission of the Apostolic Office— an act by which the Church renews her vigor, provides for her preservation and expansion. As the plants throw out the seeds that pro duce other plants Avliich take their place when they have themselves decayed, so the Church organized by Christ preserves her life and integrity, and meets the exigencies of the hour by the transmission of the Apos tolic Office Avith all its duties, its graces, and its responsibilities, from age to age, from .nnAmSr.11 f ran prn.f.1 (1 n flVml llflV lllllv OV- jJVUUllKUii. , -I , iained ministers to others appointed and called by God to the sublime office of the Apostolate. These circumstances all eoni- oined, my dear brethren, cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you to rejoice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from among yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salvation, charged with the onerous duty of governing this vast Diocese, Avitli a full knowledge of all its wants and requirements. But for you, my Lord, placed as you are to-day as a watchman on the toAvers of Israel, whose light is this day set on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men uoav and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Christ this day makes you a commander of His nosts, Avitli all the powers and Avitli all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, Avliich is His agent in this great work, has endeavored to impress them on you in the beautiful ceremonial Avhich Ave have all Avitnessed Avith such delight, and which caused you to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who by the imposition of their hands pour upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened to 'feed tho flock of God Avhich is among you, taking care thereof, not by constraint, but Avillingly, according to God, neither for the sake of filthy lucre, but voluntarily, neither as domineering over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock from the heart.' While all around you, both prelates, priests, and people, are joyful at your elevation to the Episcopate, you, my Lord, deeply impressed with the awful re sponsibility of the dignity to Avhicli you have been, through the mercy of God, raised to-day, seem, if I rightly interpret the sentiments of your 'inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Adelaide may have in you a worthy and useful administrator, so that ayIicji the Prince of Pastors sliallj appear you shall receive a never-fading crown of glory. urilli -i ll., ttnvnp siiivit. ii.nd enterici" XIlipiCOSCU- IIAVAJ. , _ into your feelings, I shall endeavor to point out the duties of your office, so that all, realizing to some extent its lieavy buicleii, may sympathize Avith you in tho anxieties that press on you heavily just iioav, may aid you by their prayed, and in the course of your Episcopate — which I trust Avill be a long and useful one — may, by their docility and obedience, alleA'iate its cares and lessen its numerous responsibilities. When of old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctify ing him and making him a prophet unto the nations, He said to him, 1 WhatsoeA'er I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at their presence, for I am AArith thee to deliver thee. Behold, I have given my words in thy mouth ; so I have set. thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms, to root up and to pull down, and to Avaste and to destroy, and to build and to plant. _ Thou, therefore, gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be not afraid at their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance. For, be hold, I have made thee this day a fortified city and a pillar of iron aud a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judali, to the princes thoreof, and to the priests, and to the people of the kill.' By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission aa'as given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose Avas sanctified in his mother's Avomb. He Avas commissioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewarn both kings and princes ol the land, and the priests and people, of the dreadful calamities that Avould befall them if they Avere not coiiArerted to the Lord. His mission Avas not so much to Avaste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisements of Heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked Avays of sin, the cause of all the miseries which had" covered the land. But the mission Avitli Avhich our young Bishop is charged to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and prerogatives, and therefore con- veys graces more numerous and more signifi cant, symbolized by the beauty, the magnifi- cence, and aranety of the ceremonial, at Avliich Ave have all assisted Avitli such profit. Christ confers 011 him to-day, not only the power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to his angels in heaven of binding and loosing, with the full assurance that the sentence pronounced by him here cfn earth shall be ratified aud confirmed in Heaven. The Avords addressed by our Lord to his apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates Avho took part in the consecration to-day, but their wondrous significance is as fully realized as when pronounced by Christ Himself. ' As the Father hath sent me so I also send you. All power is given to me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Iioly Ghost, teaching them to observe all things Avhatsoever I have commanded you, and be hold I am Avith you all days even to the con summation of the world by which words the Apostles Avere not only appointed Christ's messengers to speak, to preach, and to re prove, but they were made the possessors of His powers and the treasures of His heavenly gifts. And in such a Avay did they inherit His poAvers, that whosoever would reject them would be rejecting God Himself. ' He that heareth you hoareth me ; ho that despiseth you despiseth me.' Behold, my dear brethren, Avhat aa'o Avitness here to-day, the fullness and perfection of the priesthood conferred on your Bishop, that he may exercise its functions for the advantage of both priests and people, and dispense its wonderful graces to the souls of men. Truly he is set up to-day as a master in Israel, as a faithful sentinel on the heights of Mount Siou, to guide and .livonf fn LulLI OlArl fn lllot'if fn vnnf 1111 flll/l UXXt/l/U) WW fc/UXIXfc tVXAU. UU JJXCUAXV) VKI J. VU U pull doAvn, to aa'aste and to destroy, to exercise for a time the Avondrous powers of the eternal priesthood of Christ, to sanctify your souls in His name, and to raise them up from the sorrows of this valley of tears to heavenly bliss and glory everlasting. Yes, my brethren, I repeat it, it is not simply a declaratory power with Avliich he is invested, but a real life-giving power is conferred on him, by which he shares God's heavenly gifts, that he may convey them to his flock, and dis pense food, medicine, and Avliatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pil grimage here on earth. Aud, my brethren, if to-day your Bishop becomes the treasurer of greater powers and blessings than were vouchsafed of old to the prophet Jeremias, Ave need not be ashamed to confess that the miseries and calamities which have come upon the world in this age of boasted civili zation and progress point out to us the neces sity of their being dispensed in season and out of season for the benefit of the faithful, Avho are continually led astray by the false maxims of the world, and by the perverse teaching of false prophets. For never per haps before Avas the Church of Christ, her Supreme Head, and her Bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias Avere set up by God as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a pillar of iron and a Avail of brass, because of the evils that then prevailed, Iioav much more necessary noAV-a-days, Avhen the kings and princes of the world have all con spired against Christ and His anointed, aud are set up in battle array against His holy Church; andAvlien, to use the words of the Fathers of tho Vatican Council, ' un ceasing efforts are made by modern rationalism to banish Christ our Lord and our Saviour from the minds of men, and from the life and customs of the nations ;' Iioav much more necessary, I say, is it that those aaTlo are appointed rulers of the Church of God should be filled Avitli His Holy Spirit, and furnished wifli oil tlio womiAiics w fiorVif. n. rrnnrl 1tX<MX (Ull VUV H Aivvv'Jutv,; "O"1' v fight, to preserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry. If the Apostle St. Paul could address the Christians in his day in the folloAving words : — ' Put you on the armour of God that you may be ablo to stand against tho snares of tho DeA-il. For our Avrestling is not against flesh and blood ; but against princi palities and poAvers, against the rulers of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of Aviekedness in the high places. Wherefore take unto you tho armour of God that you may be able to resist in the evil day and to stand in all things perfect.' And again, if the same Apostle could admonish his beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in a'iew the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, ' I charge thee before God and Jesus Christ, avIio shall judge the living and the dead, by His coming and His kingdom, preach the Word ; be instant in season and out of season ; reprove, entreat, rebuke Avitli all patience and doctrine, for there shall be a time when they Avill not bear sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they Avill heap to themselves teachers haA-iug itching ears, and Avill turn aAvay indeed their hearing from tho truth, aud will be turned to tables. But be thou vigilant, labor in all things, do the Avork of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry.' My brethren, how much Stronger grounds nave we for repeating the same admonitions to the young prelate avIio by the imposition of hands inherits the same graces, the same powers, the same authority that was vouch safed to Timothy, that lie too, for the advan tage of his flock, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine ; may be ever vigilant, labor in all things, do the Avork of a Bishop, and fulfil his ministry. Yes, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic Bishop are such as to be dreaded even by angels ; for he is called upon not only to oppose the maxims of a Avorld which, ignores God aud despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard his flock from the pernicious principles Avhicli are con tinually circulated in the public Press, sub versive alike of the supernatural and, natural order established by God for the benefit of mankind. The principles which are uoav com monly proclaimed in the world withdraAV man kind from the control of all religious influence. What is known as the ' naturalism ' of tho present age banishes God from all the arrange ments of human affairs, Avhether affecting the nations of the earth, the family circle, or the individual ; utterly ignoring His Holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion. Indeed, the enemies of religion, as has been observed by the present glorious Pontiff, aim at the destruction of that neces sary coherence or connection that by God's arrangement intervenes betAveen the natural and supernatural order. It is the old conflict betAveen good and evil, betAveen obedience and revolt, betAveen the Church and the Avorld, betAveen God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism rejects altogether the influence of supernatural revelation ; it only regards the interests of this Avorld, and drives men on to tho attainment of their ambitious purposes Avitliout any regard to the Creator of the universe, Avhom they do not recognise as superior to themselves, if they acknowledge His existence at all. By this resistance to divine authority is brought on rebellion to human, whioh derives its force and sanction from its Author, Avho is no other but God. 'Those Avho soav the Avind shall reap the whirlwind.' Hence Ave find that opinions are propagated Avhich strike at the very founda tions of Christianity, introducing a fatal system of rationalism, and virtually excluding any intervention of Providence from the world. Hence even the sacred character of the marriage contract is ignored, and all its sacramental influences and graces are set aside. As a necessary consequence we find LliYUXUG lUgailKUU. XIX UXJ.O JXXXllOU Ul VJXlllbtlclLl communities in defiance of the Word of God that aa'hom He has joined it should be lawful for no man to put asunder. Hence, too, in this age of progress the very" foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the education of youth, and to withdraAV their minds from all religious influence— to banish God and His Holy Church from the school. Systems of education arc propounded which only embrace the know ledge of human affairs, and pay no attention to the interests of immortal souls. Tho Catholic Church, on the contrary, continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of our Divine Lord—' What doth it profit a man if he gain the Avhole Avorld and suffer the loss of his oavu soul ? ' What Avill it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in this aa'o rid, if through their fault, and by being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the loss of that faith Avitliout Avhich it is impossible to please God ? In this question of education the voice of the Church has been continually raised in tne interests of youth, in order to protect them from the snares Avliieh are laid for their destruction, and Avhich are devised for the purpose of undermining their faith. Our present Holy Father Pope Pius IX. has de clared that ' Catholics cannot approve of a system of educating youth unconnected Avith Catholic faith and tffe power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of social life.' In other words, Catholics cannot approve of an education aa'hieh fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. It will, therefore, be your duty, my Lord, to take care, indeed, of the whole flock over aa'hieh the Holy Ghost has placed you as Bishop, but in particular to Avateli over children and young men. To use the memo rable words of the illustrious Pontiff, Pius A7TT U. +U/1 ..no,. 1 D no 4-„ 4.1,.. T>- , i xx», Miiiixvonuii XIX oxxx/ jvtw. xuuu tv tXlCJ -DlSilOpS of the Catholic world—' Children ought to be the especial object of your paternal love, your vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all' your care. They who have tried to subvert society and families, to destroy authority diA-iuo and human, have spared no pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easily to carry into effect their infamous projects. They lmoAV that the mind and heart of young persons, like soft Avax, to Avhicli one may give aa'hat form he pleases, are very susceptible of every sort of impression ; that they keep tenaciously, when age has now hardened them, those which they had 'early received, and reject others. Thence the well-knoAvn pro verb, taken from the Scriptures— " A young man according to his Avay, even Avhen he is old he will not depart from it." Suffer, not then, venerable brethren, the children of this aa-orld to be more prudent in this respect tin o. the children of light. Examine, therefore" Avith the greatest attention ro Avhat manner of persons is confided the education of chil dren, and the young men in tho colleges and seminaries ; of what sort are the instructions given them ; Avhat sort of schools exist nmon" you; of Aviiat sort are the teachers in the 1 Lyceums. Examine into all this with the greatest care ; , sound every tiling ; let nothing escape your yigihlnt eye. Keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these innocent lambs ; drive out of the sheepfold those which have gotten in ; remove them as soon as can be ; for such is the power which has been given to you by the Lord for the edification of your sheep.' These are the words of the venerable Pontiff, Pius VII., which I take the liberty of address ing to you, my Lord, to-day, to remind you of the ever tender care and anxious solicitude which you are called on to extend to the . little ones of the fold. I regret that in the discharge of the duty imposed upon me on this solemn occasion I should be obliged to say something in regard to the differences that have within the last few years sprung up amongst the peaceful community of South Australia on the subject of education ; but unfortunately that spirit of liberalism which has characterised the old countries in Europe, and which has been waging a continual war against the Church of God in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, has found its way into these colonies, and oiu1 statesmen who control the destinies of this fair and promis ing land have not hesitated to walk in the footsteps of the crafty statesmen of the other hemisphere, who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve to enslave the Church of God, to crush her power, and to banish her priests from the schools and colleges over which from time immemorial they exercised their legitimate authority. It is a matter of regret that in this free land these principles should find any countenance or support, and that any section of the com munity, no matter how small or insignificant, should be deprived of their legitimate rights or privileges on account of their conscientious views. It is, however, a fact which I caunot but deplore on this occasion, that the Catholics of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from or share in the funds which are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is called common or mixed elucation is proclaimed throughout the length and breadth of Mouth Australia, and what lias been accomplished in many countries of Europe and America, to the great detriment of religion the public schools and other institutions destined for the education of the Catholic youth are withdrawn from the authority of the Church, from the control of her legitimate pastors, and from the benign influence of religion. The present glorious Pontiff, Piux IX., expounds so clearly and so forcibly the views of the Catholic Church on this important subject, in his famous letter, addressed some years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, that I cannot for bear quoting from it at some length 1 Is it not wonderful,' he says, ' that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to corrupt the training and education of youth, and there is no doubt that the greatest injury is inflicted on society when the directing authority and salutary power of the Cliurcli are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the happiness of the Church and of the commonwealth 'de pends so much. For this society is, little by liotle,| deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently se- seeure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for linn in order to attain after this.. life, his last end hereafter, eternal happiness. And in truth, a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies ; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the minds and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must in fallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes to the common wealth and their own families. But if this detestable system of education, so far re moved from Catholic faith and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals and to society when it is em ployed in the higher teachings, and in schools frequented by the better class, who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religions teach ing ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefoie, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education, is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and 1.0 lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational in stitutions all the care, solicitude, and vigi- l.inco of tho Church. The design of with drawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to car y this design into effect are therefore inspire d by a spirit of hostility towards her and by the desire of extinguishing among the people tl .0 divine light of our holy l'aith. Tho Chun h which lias founded these schools has ever r e garded them with the greatest care ai:d interest, and looked upon tlicm as the clii if object of lier ecclesiastical authority ai d government, and whatsoever removed the 11 from hor inflicted UOl'ious iniury both on h-r 1 and 011 the schools. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this pernicious design o; removing the schools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby ex posed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, hut moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.' It is unnecessary for me to remind this congrega tion that our Holy Father the Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is the Supreme Ruler of the Church, the iufalliable teacher of divine truth, who holds the place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of the universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God himself, whose rep resentative he is on earth. But it may lie said that the system of education adopted in this colony does not banish religious teach ing from the primary schools; for I learn that it is proposed that tho Holy Scriptures should be read by the children attending the Government or public schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our ob jection, but rather increases our opposition to and disapproval of the system ; for without taking into consideration the memorable, words of bt. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scriptures hard to be under stood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to then- own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that religious instruction must be given under the authority of her le gitimate pastors, and by those duly appointed by her Bishops. I have in my hands a re markable petition, signed by tlie Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, which was presented to the British Parliament in the year 1821 ; that is to say, five years before Catholic emancipation, when the Irish 'Catholics were engaged in their great struggle to live as free citizens in their native land. It shows that, though the Catholics of Ireland were at that time debarred from the exercise of their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings under which they groaned for almost 800 years only had the effect of making them more steadfast in their faith, and more attached to the principles and practices of their holy religion. I quote the following passage from the petition to which I refer, l'liey say ' that in the Roman Cat holic Church the literary aud religious instruction of youth are universally combined, and that no system of education which separates them can be acceptable to the members of her Communion ; that the religious instruction of youth iu Catholic schools is always conveyed by means 1 of catechetical instruction, daily prayer, and the reading of religious hooks, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated ; that Roman Catholics have ever considered the reading of the sacred Scriptures by children as ...an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the Word of God is made liable to irreverence, youth exposed to mis understand its meaning, and thereby not unfrequently to receive in early life impres sions which may afterwards prove injurious to their own best interests, as well as to those of the society which they are destined to form ; that schools whereof the master pro fesses a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruc tion as the Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in which books and tracts not sanctioned by it are read or com mented on, cannot be resorted to by the children of Roman . Catholics ; and ' that threats and rewards have been found equally unavailing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to procure education for their chil dren from such persons or in such schools ; that any system of education incompatible with tlie discipline of the Catholic Cliurcli, or superintended exclusively by persons pro fessing a religion different from that of the vast niajority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, aud must in its progress he slow and embarrassed, generating often distrust and discord, as well a want of that mutual good faith and perfect confidence which should prevail between those who receive benefits and those who dispense them.' These words, written so many years ago by the prelates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the pre sent day in these colonies that— although I 1 admit we are living under very different cir cumstances, and enjoying the rights granted to us all under tlie Constitution — I have taken the liberty of quoting them. We Ca tholics profess our belief in the Scriptures, but at the same time we declare that neither the conscience, the reason, tho light, nor tho moving spirit of each individual is the legiti mate interpreter of them, but tlie Cliurcli of God, the pillar and ground of truth, to which has been entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the en lightenment and guidance of her children, and hand it down, untarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from gene ration to generation, until time shall bo no more. I lau well aware that the course pur sued by the Catholics of this and other colonies, and especially by the Bishops in regard to education lias frequently been made the subject of severe strictures and comments. It .has been said that wo desire to have the j whole education of the country in our own hands, to enforce our views, not only 011 our iwn flocks, but even on those who differ roiu ns in religion. We are charged with .lie desire to appropriate to our own pur- loses, and according to our own views, the public funds destined for tho educational ill- forests of the colonies. It has been said, notwithstanding our repeated assurances to :lie contrary, that we object to our schools aeing inspected and examined as to the cha racter of the teaching given m them, and as co their general efficiency, by Government officials, or by those duly appointed by the Board of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have repeatedly said be fore. The Bishops, as in duty hound, are making every sacrifice to secure a good Ca tholic education for their own flocks ; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as rulers of a portion of the Church of Christ, aud chief pastors of his flock, re sponsible to the Prince of Pastors for every soul committed to their charge, it is their first and paramount duty to attend to the pastures in which the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines with which tliey are nourished. But the rights Avhicli the Bishops and Catholics of these colonies claim for themselves they cheerfully grant to those of other communions. If they prefer mixed education, as far as we arc concerned, oy all means let them have it ; and should any other system be agreeable to any par ticular sect, let them have their way, aucl let diem be entitled to a proportionate share of she public funds destiued for education, pro vided the secular teaching be found on en quiry aud examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catholics, 011 the other hand, shall be always ready to admit the inspectors into our schools to examine their state and efficiency, and if 0:1 a fair and impartial ex amination they are found not to reach the standard as to the course of secular teaching let the Government aid be withdrawn. But if in our Catholic schools the course of secu lar teaching is found satisfactory, and to meet all the requirements of the law, let not the teaching of the holy Catholic faith or of its holy practices deprive us of the pecuniary aids to which by tlie law of the land we may be entitled, aucl from which we should not be debarred on account of our religious aucl conscientious views. Behold, my Lord, the great mission which is placed in your hands to-day. Like Jeremias, the prophet, you are made a fortified city to defend this Diocese, to secure a good Catholic education for its Catholic people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, Support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your rights ; and you are made a wall of brass over all this Diocese, to resist the agressions and efforts of those in power who would banish from your Catholic schools that holy religion for which your and their fathers bled and died. For behold I have made you this day a fortified city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land. Be not afraid of their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance, and they shall light against thee, and shall not prevail. For I am with thee, saitli the Lord, to deliver thee.' And our Divine Redeemer, when sending his Apostles on the same mis sion with which lie charges you to-clay, he announced to them that they would be brought before governors aucl before kings, and he said — ' But when they shall deliver you up, bo not thoughtful how or what to speak, for it shall be given you iu that hour what to speak. For it is not you that speak, but the spirit of the Father that speaketh in you.' But it was not only to the kings and princes of Judah Jeremiah was sent, but to the priests and people of the land ; and so you to-clay, my Lord, arc appointed the guide, the light, and father of both priests and people in this vast Diocese. It is true that the priests now under your jurisdiction are, in many respects, like you — the helpers of God, His agents and instruments, freely co-operating with Christ in that great work which He prizes so highly, 011 which His heart was set from eternity, which caused Him to come down to this earth, for which Re labored and died. They are your equals in that which is most sublime - the offering of the great sacrifice, and the administration of many of the sacraments. But you now possess this power in its fullness ; and, more over, it is under your authority that tliey discharge their duties and exercise the solemn functions of the ministry. It Is for you to assigii to each one his sphere of action, to quicken, rule, and direct ; to be the eye that sees all, that watches over all, that is accountable to God and responsible to men for all. To you alone belongs that authority which is tlie guardian and the pledge of faithful adherence to duty in this portion of the vineyard of tlie Lord. You have only to consider tlie various figures under which tlie Cliurcli of God, aud your relations to it, are represented, to form a correct idea of tlie character of your sacred office. The Church you know is represented as the spouse of Jesus Christ, pure and undo- lileil, not having spot or wrinkle. Her purity is entrusted to your guardianship. It is for you, with the pev.-erful weapons which God has placed in yo.ir hands, to preserve that purity, aud to war i gainst all that would tarnish her beauty. -If this Cliurcli oi' Adelaide during lier long widowhood has suffered from any abuses or in igularities that may have crept in, it will he your duty to remove them. You are called 01.. by the nature of your office to protect and defend her, and to wage an in cessant war against all that would sully her fair name. Again, the Church is represented as an army in battle array, and you are placed at the head of this army to guide and direct it iu the great battle iu which all are engaged ' against the world, tlie flesh, and the devil. All your flock are indeed fighting in tlie same cause, hut under your authority and'eommand. And if you fail for want of vigilance or single- ,, ness of purpose, or devotedness, it will be vain to expect victory from the bravery of ' those under your charge. The Church is a ship hearing a precious freight to the heavenly " port through the troubled sea of this world, and you are its pilot appointed to steer it through the rocks and quicksands that are sure to come in lier way in whatever course you may direct it. If you fail in a vigilant eye or a steady hand, nothing but confusion among those who are under your care, aud total wreck will be their lot. The Church is a house-— tlie house of God ; you are a steward iu that house ; to you are committed all its treasures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last day you may have to rejoice that you have been God's faithful minister in dispensing the treasures that were en trusted to your safekeeping. Onerous duties have been imposed upon you to-day; all your efforts must be directed to the interests of this Church of Adelaide, to which you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble bond, symbolized by the ring which has been put upon your finger. The cross too has been placed iipon your breast to remind you that you will have trials and afflictions, which must he borne with all meekness and patience ; and the staff which you bear in your hand reminds you of the power and authority which you have received from Jesus Christ for the edification of the people entrusted to your pastoral care. And yet, my Lord, how different is your position -from that of the Prophet Jeremias, to whom it was announced by the Lord that not only the kings of Judah and the princes thereof, but also the priests and the people, should fight against him, and yet he was to fear them not. But you, my Lord, are here to day, surrounded by your priests and faithful people, who have come here to testify their affection, their loyalty, and obedience to your sacred person, and to assure you That nothing will be wanting on their part to lighten the heavy responsibilities of your sacred office. Yes, my Lord, you will allow me to say, before I conclude, the position you hold ought to encourage and sustain you in discharging the onerous duties which you undertake to-day. The prelates, the clergy, and the people prostrate before the altar of God in this noble Cathedral, have offered their fervent and united prayers that you may he endowed with strength and the fullness of the Spirit of God to govern this diocese with wisdom, moderation and firm ness. This union which exists between you, the clergy, and your people, of which I see a signal proof before me in this vast congrega tion, is a pledge to me that this diocese under your administration will be a fortified city, a pillar of iron, a wall of brass, and like an army in battle array will advance to victory." After the sermon the Bishops aucl Clergy haying formed in procession left the Church and the congregation sepa rated. The Archbishop, Bishops, Clergy, and a few of the leading members of the laity afterwards met at Dr. Crimson's where a cold collation was prepared, and tlie healths of the Archbishop, Assistant Bishop, and the newly elected Bishop were drunk lvitli enthusiasm. iwiiiiiiiibi— aaa 