PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1873. THE statements of the public revenue for the quarter and half-year ending the 30th of June, bear out the Treasurer's anticipations of increase for the present year. The actual receipt for 1872 was £9SS,8SS ; the increase in the last half year over the corresponding half of the preceding year was ÜÖG.S64. Supposing that the revenue for the remaining half only equals that of the corresponding period of 1872, the revenue for the year will be £1,055,752, or about £18,00. more than the Treasurer's estimate three weeks ago. So far, then, the figures may be considered cwcccuiu^iy octii-meioijr Scarness near me! details of the statement are examined and collated with the facts exercising an admitted influence upon the revenue of the colony, that satisfaction will not extend so far into the future as at first sight it might seem to be warranted in doing. The revenue for the half-year was £504,873, as against ¿438,009 for the like period of 1872 ; the revenue for the quarter £257,509, as against £230,141 for the corresponding quarter of the preceding year. Here, then, is an increase of £60,64, of which the first quarter contributed £39,406, and the second only £27,308: the revenue for the first quarter of 1872 being £230,141, and the increase for 1872 £39,466; while the revenue for the second quarter was £207,803, and the increase only £27,303. The percentage being at about 105 and 136 respectively, it is apparent at once that the rate of increase is falling. It is necessary, then, to look for the principal items in which that diminution has occurred. It is not in the Customs. There, on the contrary, the result of the examination is reassuring. The revenue for the first quarter showed an increase of £18,248, and of the second quarter of £23,904, on the receipts of similar periods in 1872. The Excise and Stamp Duties present no cause for anxiety. It is in the land revenue that the explanation is to be found of the falling off for the receipts from that source are £5582 less for the last half-year than for the half-year ending the 30th June, 1872, and on the quarter £7002. On the first quarter of this present year there, was an increase of about £1500, on the second a decrease of more than £7000. This has arisen from the expiration of annual payments for selections under the Leasing and Conditional Purchase Acts. The receipt on account of conditional purchases during the last quarter was £38,204, as against £43,974 of the similar quarter of 1872\. For selections under the Leasing Act of 1860 the payment was £5114 less, and the rents of homesteads selections barely held their own. The proceeds of sales by auction in the last quarter being £5000 more helped to restore the balance, and it was well for the revenue that it did. in former occasions, when reviewing the Treasury statements, attention has been drawn to the indisputable facts that the income under the leasing, conditional purchase, and homestead selections clauses in the different Land Acts was in its nature a terminable one unless a continuous immigration were maintained and that when the conditional purchases and leasing selections made on so large a scale by the owners of runs were paid for there would be a very inconvenient hiatus the income from land. Of that these returns give us the first warning and year by year, quarter by quarter, will be found similar returns enforcing it, unless means be taken to bring up our population to what may be termed the old rate of land requirement. It is quite clear that the colony has passed the period when the payment for fresh land met the gap caused by the cessation of payment for the early large selections. This is a point which must not be overlooked. The Treasurer estimates his receipts under the Acts of 1868 and '72 at £15,000 more for 1874 than for 1873, but at £4029 less than for 1872. In the face of the figures quoted, it is impossible to see where that addition on this year's estimated receipt will come from. Again, in licenses there is shown a decrease of £740 during the last quarter, while the half-year shows an increase of £57. This is not a large sum in itself, but it occurs on a considerable and suggestive item and the railway receipts prove that while the first quarter of the year must have yielded an increase of about £3000, in the second the increase has fallen to £1706. Making every allowance for unfavorable weather, there is here another suggestive fact. In truth, the real increase in the quarter's revenue may be attributed mainly to the Customs, the Excise, and the Stamps-to those sources which depend upon the activity of trade, and that again upon the impetus given to settlement and the increase of population. It is not to be expected that the late rates of importation will continue there is nothing to justify such an opinion. As was shown yesterday, the average rate of import in non-speculative periods is about 2 percent, per head less than that of last year, and whenever the average rate is exceeded the falling off following the year of excess is sure to make itself felt. Take, for instance, the import of 1866 and compare it with the gradual diminution until 1871-from £25 183. per head to £12 10s. A renewal of those disastrous times is not apprehended, but it is necessary to insist that the financial barometer indicates a decrease in trade, which must tell upon those portions of the revenue which are derived from impositions upon it. Many circumstances besides our own tend to such a conclusion. There is no question now that the immense commercial activity of Great Britain has met with a check, and the revenue for the quarter ending the 30th of June was three quarters of a million less than that for the corresponding quarter of last year. It must not be forgotten, too, that the export of wool was less in quantity last year than in 1871 by five millions six hundred and four thousand nine hundred and fifty-one pounds, and that the export for 1873 is by no means likely to exceed that of 1872, while prices are tending downward. These are the sciences that act upon the import trade here, that will lessen our importations, that will tend to tighten the money market and that will then lessen consumption as well. To leave them out of sight is to navigate without regard to beacons and buoys. Let us suppose, for instance, that the Customs revenue fell to its old rate of about £2 9s. per head without the ad valorem our present rate being more than £3 4s. with it-the loss to the revenue would be more than a hundred thousand a year. Then, if (he estimated expenditure of 1874 were really voted, and followed by the usual abomin- able spectre of Supplementary Estimates, to even half the amount of those presented for 1873, there would be a deficiency instead of a surplus; or, if the surplus were age be maintained, the air alarm inUSttllso be maintained. We are not desirous of prophesying evil things-the sugar accurst for ever boding ill" is generally a very melancholy timber- lity butes drawing attention to facts which the colony cannot afford which it ought not to desire to lose sight of, more especially in the face of that spirit of profusion which the Government seem inclined to let loose upon the land. In the prospect of our large engagements every nerve should he strained to divert the enormous expenditure of the colony into a really profitable channel, and to keep its mere perfunctory outlay within bounds. And the true main- stay against all the fluctuations of trade the true support of the land revenue of the colony-the real lever by which taxation may he lightened, and yet its proceeds increased, will be found in the earnest, vigorous, and sustained maintenance of a continuous free and full immigration. Let us have ten thousand souls a year added to our numbers, and there would be an inclination to condone even worse financial management than has lately been seen in any Government who brought them to our shores, The bill which has recently passed the imperial Legt»lntuie,nnd which lteitesthit it is expedient to amend the laws with respect to Customs duties in the Australian colonies," seems to have excited a good deal of discussion in the old country there are a whole host of predictions, appro Pensions, suggestions, and receive methods stories, most of which might just as well have been left alone The accident of separation from a patent colony was not adequately) cared for in the original settlement, or this bill would never have been necessary and now it carries the independent right of each to a point beyond what it could have possessed had no such sept ration occured In that case there would have been no necessity for conferring power to remit duties in the intercolonial trade, and then imposition would have been impossible the Australian colonies have now the opportunity of taking each others produce, or of declaring it free and of imposing lower duties on the import of foreign manufactures when they come from another colony than on their original in port ilton from a foreign State This latter is a doubtful boon , of the value of the first pm liege there can be no question The pith of the hill is contained in its third clause, which runs as follows - The Legislature of any one of the Australian colonies shall, for the purpose of carrying into effect an agreement between any two or more of the said colonies or between any one or more of the said colonies and New Zealand, have full power from time to time to made laws with respect to the remission or imposition of duties upon the importation into such colony of any article the produce or manufacture of or in ported from any other of the said colonies or the produce or manu- facture of or imported from New Zealand Provided always, that for the purposes aforesaid no new duty shall be re posed upon, and no ousting duty shall be remitted as to the importation into any of the Australian colonies of any article the produce or manufacture of any particular country which shall not be equally imposed upon, or remitted as to the importation into such colony of the late article the produce or manufacture of any other country Provided further, that no danes shall be levied upon articles imported into any of the Australian colonies for the supply of Her Majesty's land or sea forces, nor shall any duty be levied or remitted contrary to or at variance with any treaty or treaties for the time being subsisting between Her Majesty and my foreign Power the discussion on the bill in the House of Lords was one not calculated to impress one with any extraordinary respect for the speakers Liri GiiEi treated the question much the same as if the spirit of Lord Gowrie and some of his obtuseness had descended I upon him He wanted to know if the Queen's authority were not upheld in the commercial policy of the colonies, in what could it be upheld It does not appear that the powers conferred by this measure in any way impugn Her Majesty's just jurisdiction It gives the people of Vusti fire, on the one hand, is much free loan of interchange as the people of different counties in Great Britain have and no more The meiecncumstance that the Queen's subjects live in Queensland instead of Essex ought not to deprive them of the lights which, had they never emigrated, would have vested in them as a matter of course And to protection, the noble Earl was haunted by a very fragmentary sort of ghost For our own consu m ation the consumption of the people of the colonies e have the power of exchanging our produce duty free, and in like manner tinpot ted trades ft out foreign States which have once paid duty We cannot impose a less duty on American class than on English ones, or on French brandy than on brandy from the States But the duty once paid, we can buy from our neighbors and they can buy from us without any further tariff, it we. think proper so to agree This, in reality, is a step towards free trade and not to protection If Earl GREY knew more of the peculiar climatic and seasonal differences of the colonies he would soon see that his apprehensions are visionary Nature herself enters the lists against a policy of protection, and, as Viscount CIXTEIÎBUHÏ pointed out the exigencies of neighboring colonies compelled them to practise illegitimately, as it were, what the measure before the Louis would legalise Lord CVUWRVON, indeed, went beyond Earl Grey in his gloomy Vatican thus let us hope that his prop itches were on a par with his knowledge Tot he depicted the Australian colonies as kept dialing free trade and the new imposition of (differential duties Does he really suppose that a waning party in Victoria is the Australian colonies? There is nothing to lead us to suppose that the policy of New South Wales tends to a system of protective duties but the contrary South Australia has shown no sign of return to the old 1 by doctrine, nor has Queensland In f let the greater part of the taxation of the colonies which it first sight savors of a protective pt he) owes its imposition simply to the financial exigencies of the times Huts the ad valorem duties which appeal to have excited Lord CutvinxoN s censure will find few friends here when we see an opportunity of getting rid of them and in New South Wales they are looked upon as an incubus, to be got rid of as soon as possible. The fact is, that both the Lords and the Times, have fallen into the error of mis est ö just ." 2. o f", . smaller homes So far from the removal of commercial difficulties between the colo mes lessening their attachment to the mother country it will tend very much to strengthen it The colonists return to the play lieges they left when they left her and if they make a bad use of them as are agst themselves they are far more likely to fall out with each other than with the parent State which gave them the opportunity of doing so As to the Queen's authority in matters of commercial policy the less that is excited as between the colonies and Great Britain be) on those considerations which concern the Empire as an Empire the lees we hear" of it, the better if the Government here are to be told what they are, and what they are not to tax as colonists of the productions of colonists and how their trade relations with the mother country are to control those between the Australian colonies, it is only necessary to a very little further to find a claim to tax us whether we life it or not the first pie a text for taxation of the North American lorries was that it a mate of commercial policy Then it crept on to a matter of political light, and thence it feel the feel 1114 of discontent which fructified into rebellion, and opened into independence Every removal of these chances of discord is in leah!) a strengthening of the union between the colonies and the mother country to assume otherwise is to assume a hat can neither he sustained by theory nor inferred from fact As regards the use that will be made of these new powers by the colonies it would be idle to speculate Our own impression is that it will remain for some time to come a mere dead letter The soreness arising from the postal and telegraphic controversies will have to be got rid of and the self assumed chief of the Australian colonies will have to put not a little of her isolating policy on the shelf before the colonies will be in apt temper to discuss so ticklish a subject as a Customs Union or a reciprocity of tariffs At any rate, we have seen little evidence of any feeling that wayside, and, in fact, the whole question important as it is has been made far greater fuss about than any immediate practical results to be obtained from it necessitated We had accidentally lost a privilege we have got it again How to use it is an enquiry that we have never yet seen made for the vague suggestions as to a Customs Union which have now and then been floated about were of so in definite, and, so to speak uncertain a nature, that they are altogether outside recog union HAS A DOZEN drunkards, three of whom were discharged, and three fined 10s. each, were brought up at the Central Police Court, yesterday, before the Police Magistrate. Frederick Quest, a seaman belonging to the Erne, was brought before the Water Police Magistrate, charged with disobedience of orders. The charge having been withdrawn, prisoner was discharged and sent back to the vessel, On the previous day, a man named John F. Elliot, 31, described as a seaman, was remanded till Monday on a charge of having obtained money by means of a false pretence. In our notice of the case, the name Henry Simmons was given by mistake. 