THE PEERYBii PAPERS. "Oh, Men, with Sisters dear ! Oh, Men, with Mothers and Wives! It is not linen you're wearing out But human creatures' lives f ' Stitch— stitch— stitch. In noverbv. bum _ X v 9 UITL Sewing at once, with a double thread. A bhroud as well as a Shirt." " -The Seng eftheShjrt The Man that jerked these noble lines tqesfl, wrote the same for Men ! By eenBeqaenV®! no use to go and chuck 'em at the' his of a parcel of grovelling elavedriver. T? others, that are as tender about the his as a Bledge-hammer is about the forehead, to there's the fact before you, and n0 ting over it, that among other luxurieeof a season, you've acclimatised the sewing-m and the Song of the Shirt ! To work from o'clock in the morning till going on for mito isn't bad for a golden clime j but that's 'from golden Ballarat, with the worker dead buried ; and in Heaven, doing well, let mhone! » a wm De so good as to take I note, as the Bong says, that here Ihere'a bread I and work for all" — especially work ! If greedy on that tack, you can have the work, n j wait for the bread. Why, bless you, inlhj, land of plenty, I've really known a sewing, machine girl to earn two shillings and pence a day, and find herself in board, lodging, and mangling. It's true that she was so ill. mannered as to go and die, but that showed tS» smallnees of her spirit,- and, maybe, the empti ness of her stomach. For' my part, I alumt think that if a sewing-machinist dies— has the impudence to die— Bhe ought to be prosecuted according to law. For a mean-souled, up-country newspaper "gent" (disgracing the honest name of Ballarat) has thought it a good thing to go out of his senses and blackguard me! because, taking things as I read 'em in the daily prints, I made a remark or so about that Ballarat sewing-mMhinist, which got off the chair the other day, and died! This miserable, mud-pollywog of i newspaper Thing, can't understand that Wei and Death do join hands, even in this comfy It (the Newspaper Thing aforesaid) won't nh its dazed brains together, and make eat it people do kill theirselves with labour in bourne, or Ballarat j and the way the trompeiy, half-baked snob puts it is this, that his sewing- machine girl" wasn't a girl at all, U only a " middle-aged person." lie Ken of Ballarat ought to catch this mingy hound, and fiog him at a carfc's-tail, or the " middle-aged persons " should tea Mm in a blanket — the sad newspaper cur! 3b to " middle-aged " in his mind is to be of no manner of use! Beautiful thought ! Let no Mi all the "middle-aged persons," and eoplease this twopenny Ballarat cad, — this sprawling Tadpols offering himself as an apology for a Man. Got thee to a kennel, Dog ; and leave off snarling &S; half-starved womer, even if they are so on fashionable as to be " middle-aged persons," Of come to town, and I promise you, onfcheCarnOT rank, as brave a warming of your hide as everts Austrian butcher, and woman-beater, Hsjnw got from Barclay and Perkins' British draynffl- If your masters are wise, my hearly, they'll MA you down stairs, as soon as possible. YouVefflt the sort for Victoria. Go away to some oil® land, where the noble nigger ' wallope" a" the word) the ignoble she-nigger ; W dont disgrace Ballarat with your nnowv chat. Go away, my friend; but first come to m Carriers, and let us warm you, in a cheerful for the sake of the " middle-aged persons used to be our mothers, don't you know. J1® your wages, and go away from Ballarat to M®® other Star j — such as the Dog-8tar, whW® don't have any show, nor " middle- aged pMSOD! of the female gender neither. Go awtf - Monkey land, or Lubberland j but go so shall have one cur s tail tne less to. " Our usual Summary for Europe to- morrow." In this style the papew g1® what's to be expected when the mails move. Ab previously noticed by me, these maries are waited for by Europe in the state of fever. If Bendigo didn't sen how her Pups were, Europe couldn t S gggme blow ; and if Sandridge didn't mention t© how many coal-bargee were lying a 80 lovely bay, there'd have to be a row All one can hope is that the London - j " Daily Telegraph," and others wiU imitate us, and each start its Bish o for Australia. # The merciful man is merciful fye "The bearin' o' that obserwafaon 1 . application on it." And yet there men, and men that are merciful wi bendibus! This is just so aaaoP -nrdlg8? Lights. One of these— one or mo ( blood of an evening by taking the jj street at a sharp trot, or canter. > ,f|Bt snuff-ooloured, and of a pi0UB bstf tbea the enmple'a t»d> "" a Shining Light-did the same thing, even with a Sw tf he'd be smothered with holy t m o.bmao, « » rule, are not rt» rBa't. bom then OarrieM are. the« dreadful people that go WW Lother all the time, ever get mar- flfoiei®?0 bare cakes and ale, and ried ' JEwiai the bitters piled in very nre these people, as the poet says, « Ltog upthe climbiogwaveP" Why agree to let one another alone at «" V audio" «>ei»eI from bT,8 " "" time to come. A Divorce Suit e jduW" . lofting man, or woman can IhiBWlJ ft doeln.t get out of faabion, aorier does, orothera of the Fine ""till v the Natural Man (and Unnatural told ou pretty Ucoeridering. 7m j.uo»w.0(d#18TTg f believe in Volunteers. A matter of T wal drilled, and came to know all Militia, and Volunteer games. They art of war, and I do believe that if JSTfSh 1,16 out with a loaded gua a fair dA.n«i from the Collingwood Water-tank, I haw hit it in the stomach. Later on, I could have scientifically murdered a fellow- £ th a rifle at 300 yards j but at that « of perfection, I went one on nan-pay ich nobody hasn't ever paid). Still, I didnt Lpt avBT any liking for the system. I didn t J/the drums, the torn-fool uniform, the brass L, and all the frills. It eeemed to me, too, M the paste- board imitation of real soldiers was fean blunder; and that Rifle Clubs would HA sea as much as they could well do when fti bold enemy chanced to be in season- fljth a good rifle, a straight eye, a sound mm, i slouched hat (a la kickshaw Italian biiond) and a few odds, and ends, a citizen Wald make a ripping soldier. They tried it Moe in America— and didn't fail. L&teit; from the Land of Dreams : A Warm " flit Iron has communicated to a Select Circle at Outlemaine the following deliverances 1. That the New Governor iB a " werry game old party" (fern, Weller's ghost was finding his way about it the time.) 2, That Francis isn't a bad sort, and able to lick Daffy in & canter, hands down. (Nimrod's Ghost) 3, To be or not to be, that is the question. (Bhade of Hamlet.) 4\. Paps is riz. Ghost of Insane Verandah Ik.) 5\. The vea'her, and crops at Castlemaine hare net been improved by the railway to that great centre. (Ghoet of Extreme Eailway Castle hfanisc) who died of locomotive on the brain.) 6\. The circulation of "The Daily Telegraph" and "Weekly Times" together sums up to one million a minute. (Ghosts of Enraged Pro prietors of the " Age," who dance a breakdown oa the mediums, smash their favourite utensils, ai flow away accidentally with the Warm Plat Iwae. These are subsequently purchased by the mediamiatic owner at a Collingwood Pawn Shop ; ind the Proprietors aforesaid are prosecuted for flat-Irony.) In consequence of the presence of bad spirits (rum ia a battle-axe bottle) the seance closed, and the indifferent spirits rushed out into the MItaIi it t . - « w lue nignt— and had a tripe-supper, at wh other's eiDenie. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 