PATENTS. abstracts of recent specifications. Joseph Alfred Wilmoth. " Patent Engine Fuel." Onopartof ordinary clay is placed in a puddling machine, with as much water as will thoroughly saturate without liquifying, and to this two parts of fino sand, and one part of pul- verised coal are added. When tho whole is thoroughly incorporated, it is moulded or stamped into blocks of convenient sizo, and dried, either in kilns or in tho open air. Any neutral agent, a3 a coloring matter, may he added if required. Dee. 16, 1872. Not granted. Ralph Wilson. " Patent Improved Bricks." These bricks are made with grooved sides, in a dove-tailed fashion, to form a key, tho bettor to keep the stucco from falling off. Dec. 18, 1872. Not granted. Georoe Marshall. "Improvements in Ridley's Reaping and Threshing Machines." A horizontal hoara, having spikes or teeth on its under surface, runs across the machine, and below it is a spiral roller so arranged that it3 teeth pass lietwcen those of the board. There is also a passage from tho beater cylinder to tho narrow space between the threshing board and threshing cylinder. The object of the invention is to prevent heads ot corn entering the body of the machine before thoy are properly threshed. Jan. 7, 1873. Granted. James Davis. "Patent Victorian Sashes." Tho sashes arc hung upon hinges, in a frame sliding np and down as an ordinary sash. Tho sash can thus be reversed, and the exterior of the glass bo cleanod without the necessity of going outside the window. April 22, 1873. Granted. William Henry Cory and Edward Cory. "Improvements in the Manufacture of Artificial Fuel Blocks and in Machinery for Compressing other Materials into Blocks." Coal dust or small coal is mixed with plastic cement, such as Portland, &c.;, and the mass is then compressed into moulds. The moulds are mado in a re volving tablo, which, on iti1 revolution, brings each mould under a hopper holding the materials. At the bottom of each mould thoro is a plunger which is made to act upon and compress tho block of fuel formed in tho mould. May 6, 1873. Granted. Thomas Whitwell. " Improvements in Ap paratus for Heating Air and Gases." Two furnaces, ovens, or chambers aro oncloscd in an iron cose, ana divided by walls into several narrow compartments. The partition walls are constructed with openings alternately at the top and bottom, so that the air and gas passing the furnace. &c.;, is led alternately under and over the walls. The furnaco is first heated by ad mitting and burning gas and air as they traveiso the compartments, and, afterwards, tho air to bo heated is forced through the furnaco in tho opposite direction. Zigzag passages aro also formed in the partition walls, and tne air passing through these becomes highly heated before mixing with tho gas. Cleaning doors are placed at the bottom of the furnace, through which dust and gas deposits can he easily removed. May 6, 1873\. Granted. Acetate or Soda as a Meat Preservative. — The use of acetate of soda, a very cheap article, is attraoting attention us a preservative for animal and vegctablo substinces. The meat is disposed in layors, in barrels, and is covered with ono- fourth its weight of tho dry a-etate. Tho temper ature of tfao room in which tho barrels are placed should bo about 70 deg. After being left twenty- fcnif bouts, tho piece of meat aro turned, and those at the bottom of tho barrel placed at tho top. In forty-eight hours thoy can be taken out ' -'ricd. Whoa ilia meat is required for uso, , „ -iked iu topiil water, to which a i l irafcf 'mmoniac is added. Meat smalle'f nftirrtoilfl odd by this p?&56W bo jn»_ , entire. Tile tA-tedWaxtotf of veyrfsfbiee fe fJeimau to bo accomplished in the' sam'e wiW. bltf they lOM nearly three-fourths of t licit tf'oTtehx: Air sub- stances thus preserved must be kt'jd iff d dry pkice» thoy havo a strong tendency to absorb moistiires.- AETfo-SfEAM-EiJojffil/Somo months ago wo gave a! lWtive of WtfrtopS Acfd- stsem-ongine, sliowifig (ftdi by prrnrping hot air into the boiler, the power of the tidgiatt wait? increased v theinsido of the boilor was kept quite clcafl, iiifd fifcr was saved. These advantages had been satisfacftfrify provod iu fixed engines on land, in sea-going steamers < and now a year's experience has demon- strata! fhtft fho Waraop method can bo em ployed wiflt etfrfcft rfelvif dtSge ttt lpeomotives on rail ways. The Lancashire ttttf Yorkshire Railway Company havo experimented during fftti pilst twolvd'mqbth with one of their goods-tnfgfticS, add have fciind flint the inside of tho boiler does «crt become foul, that Vosk fuel is burnt, and that the engine docs its duty with tf srit.nnd liveliness never shown before. These results' aro sp satis factory it at tho company are now fitting fh4 Warsop apparatus' ft? siij other enginos, which is a promising recognition oi 'iff, mania— Chamber a' t Jnttrnal. . VtioiooAkftiK Quoits. — Photographs, pro- fesfteclly ititisb eft spirits trthpn by certain racdi- umirftic jffiofo'grtwM hrtfc? lately fcnllMl tboir way to thd Colony. Thj rojldyMrfjJ Wcfhod may. or may not, account ft'r ilititf jWddimtioYr, aim is therefore worthy of attention by theso' li'tf tako an interest in the subject A good many plans have been suggested for producing theso, but I have not seen mentioned a plan which I tried last vtiar, and which could bo made use of with- odt arty fiiispfcitfii Off the part of the sitter, and may lid-fe h'eeH ftiWd b?.thoto tt'licr hate professed to take spirit photograph's: T n only apparatus necessary is a reflector, stich fls is ua&l; fof re versing negatives, but, instead of silvowd, ittaafl of plain gloss, and fitted in the samo way on to tho lens. By a lengthening of the hood of the Ierifl this woojd not b« noticed. - Next is tho ar rangement tit tllfi stuuih. At the right 'or left of the position in which thb' cdriWM fitafldq should be a brodd door, hung with dark ctlffetttt, olid open ing into another room where the spirits UGctt ih readiness. A screen or anything else may hide this from the sitter wlion in place ; at other times it is merely a passage into another room. We are now ready to operate ; tho, sitter, is in position, flild po ena but himsolf and the opera tor in the room. Whllo focussing, by a signal— a cough or anything elso — the spirit, aa 1 may call him or her, parts the curtains, and stands in front of them. The operator goes on with his focussing, not only his sitter, but his spirit as well— tho latter, of courso, by preconcerted signals : ho may examine his sitter from tbo right aido of the camera, or from the left ; this will tell his spiritual assistant to movo a little to tho right or left, and so on till a goad combi nation oi both sittor anil ghost are sh wn on the ground gl-ss. The picture is taken, the sitter is developed; and also the spirit, the 131101, who is in a woakor light, to a less degree, and bo tho spirit photograph is produced. Immediately the cap is closed, or oouree the spirit decamps, and the sitter has no knowlcdgo of it. Ho may then, if of a doubtful nature, follow tho photographer into the dark room, and see the picture devel oped. It would bo advisable to havo tho spirit a littlo in advance of the sitter as regards dis tance from the lens, as I think that tbo great fault with thoso produced by the Stereoscope Company is their being too much in focus. 