BUBENS'S APPRENTICESHIP. (From the German.) There was great disturbance in the establish ment of the widowed Countess Lalaing, in Ant werp. A valuable document was missing, on the possession of which a considerable portion of the Countess's wealth depended. She had taken it from her strong box, in order to produce it before the Court, and quite remembered having laid it on a small table, in her room : but there it was new not to be found. The whole household was called together, and interrogated, but, from the steward to the turnspit, none would confess to having seen it. She was about, in despair, to dis miss the servants, when the major-domo observed that her ladyship's page, Faul, had not made his appearance. Messengers were despatched in search af the absentee, but without success. ' Doubtless,' remarked one of the grooms, 4 he is in the house behind, with the old arawing-mRBter. He is for ever hiding there." The supposition proved correct. The page Paul was found with the old artist, Jan Claeseens, and was brought before Mb mistress. When made aware of what had happened he grew deadly pale, und at once confessed that he was the delinquent. Unaware of the importance of the document, he had been unable to resist the sight of a piece of parchment, and had covered the unoccupied places in the deed with sketches and designs of every possible description. He, on the spot, pro duced the corpus delicti, which was certainly unfit for presentation in a court of justice. It was, fortunately, possible to copy the written oontents of it, which was all that could be done. But the Countess was so angry with her yeung attendant that she could not but read him a sharp leoture. 4 1 have you indeed as a page in my establish ment,' she said, 1 but you attend to none of your duties. When you should be waiting on me you are off with the old drawing-maBter in the court ; when you should be bearing my train, before I know where I am, you have disappeared; in the churches yon go from altar to altar, and are so deep in contemplation of the pictures that when I have ended my prayers I am obliged to send a servant to arouse you ; when we lately went to visit at the Burgomaster's, you ran off into the portrait-gallery, and left me to get whom I could to lead me down the steps. Now, all this, let me tell yon, Paul, cannot go on. Either you must fulfil your duties, and put aside your art studies, or you must turn, painter and give up my service. Think the matter quietly over aud give me your answer to- morrow.' The page Paul stood the picture of contrition, his face red from shame. He canght his mistress's hand and humbly kissed it, while a tear stole down Ms cheek. The Countess in turn was touched. You are a good boy, Paul,' she said, 'but you must see that things cannot- continue thus. Speak to your mother. You appear to me to have arlistio talents ; perhaps eke could manage to get you instruction from some good artist. For her sake I would gladly keep you in my service, but if you oannot conquer your inclina tions, you must understand that I cannot keep you with me any longer.' The boy, Peter Paul Rubens, tearfully thanked the Countess for all her kindness, and went eff with his griefs to his mother. He was, however, loth to unfold his tale, &b; he knew well how diffi cult she found it to bring up her seven children in any comfort or respectability ; and how re joiced she had been when her second son, Peter Paul, had obtained his situation with the Countess, who had been since in many ways a help and a friend to the family. Mary Pypelipke, born of a respectable family in Antwerp, had married a doctor- of laws, a certain counsellor, John Rubens. The war and the religious entanglements obliged him in 1568 to resign the public situation which he held And to take refuge in tke old imperial eity of Koln. Here, in 15Y7, was Peter Paul horn, on the festival of SS. Peter and Paul, whose umteduamea were in consequence bestowed upon him in. baptism. Until he was tea years old he remfined . in this city ; his father then died, apd his mother returned with her obildren, in greatly reduced circumstances, to- Antwerp, j Her distress was now great indeed on bearing the decision of the Countess, and on further learning from her son that he could in no case ever think of restraining himself in bis muoh-leved study. She oouldnot in he. lpve lev him bear to - ; make Paul unhappy, and yet she saw no way whatever of enabling Mot to follow the course of life that he so desired. In her perplexity she criled together the guardian? of her children, and a few of her relatives, in order to consult with them as to what she had better do. The common decision arrived at was that Paul must certainly take up some money-making calling, but that there was no reason - why he should not, in his leisure hours, devote Mmself if he chose to art. It was resolved that he should follow his father's profession of the law. The yonth was satisfied enough, as he was to be released from his service as a page, which made the pursuit of painting 10 very difficult. He agreed to everything arranged for him, aud an advocate was soon found who was willing to take him as a pupil into Ms office. Paul's first free hours were employed in visiting the old drawing-maBter, and entreating instruction from him, for certain hours morning and evening The old man, however, an artist of but ordinal degree, told him he would but waste his time in coming to him, as he bad already profited to the fullest extent by the instruction he was capable bfgiving, and advised him, if he really wished to become a great artist, to seek for a better master but Paul was in despair, and made many attempts to shake the honeet t>ld man from his expressed opinion. The latter, however, remained im movable in his refusal to take the boy as his papil but promised to speak of him to a friend of his oae Theodore Yerhaegt, who, he said, was a really good artist, and whose landscapes were very much sought after, and were paid for well by lovers of the great art. He was as good as his word and after Rubens had displayed a few of his attempts to Yerhaegt, the latter g odly received him ason« of his pupils. The boy hastened to avail himself of the in struction this new master was able to giro him" but still he was dissatisfied. Yerhaegt was a cor rect artist of the old school in the Netherlands and had a good knowledge of perspective but his landscapes lacked something, which something was what Rubens was striving after. His genius made Mm long to overstep the stiffness of the certain roles and schools of art ia vogue in the Netherlands. Life and colour — these were his two darling aims; to attain the power of impart ing these to his pictures was what bis soul longed for j and yet was what he found it impossible to receive iastrucfion in. As a child he had in Koln revelled in the enjoyment of the glorious colouring of the German school, and these glories now hovered before his soul. At last, however in Autwerp he saw a picture, in which a a very ex- cellent colourist had displayed his powers. It was a Crucifixion. SS. John and Mary stood near at hand, while the Magdalene embraced the foot of the cross with her arms. In the painting there was life, feeling, and glowing colour. On inquiry it appeared that the artist was a native of Ant werp, by name Adam Van Noord, who, however usually put on his paintings the name Van Oort! It was generally, but erroneously, then supposed that this artist had studied in Italy, as he was the first who introduced the glorious colouring and enchanting chiaro-oscuro of Titian and Correggio into the Netherlands. RubenB expressed his ardent desire to study under this Van Noord to the rich art-patron who had purchased the picture, but the latter damped his ardour by informing him that Van Noord was very proud of the secret knowledge he possessed and by no mean, inclined 10 betray his mysterieB to his pupils ; on the contrary, he was cold and repulsive to them, made them draw and copy in a room apart, and worked himself in seoret, in a locked-up studio into which he liked no one to penetrate. It won Id not, indeed, be difficult to become a scholar under him, but it was more than doubtful if Rubens could gain what he desired by learning of such a master. Yerhaegt was or a similar opiuion, when the boy imparted his desire to him, but at the same time, he was quite anxious that his pupil should now go to a new maBter, and also that he should devote him self leae to landscapes than to historical subjects, ia which latter Line Mb chief talents seemed to lie. Indeed, as an artist of this sort, if he had but known it, the boy w&s; already superior to Van Noord bimaelf, but then the latter had his mys teries, to which he owed his chief fame. Rubens could think of but one way of attaining hie end ; he stooped to artifice. His mother had long since been obliged to allow him to give up his law studies, aud devote himself quite to art, and he was therefore iree to pursue his plan. He could even, by folio wing it, spare her small purse the pittance on which he contrived, by muoh self- denial, to exist. As Van Noord'e pupil be could learn nothing that he wanted; aB his colour-grinder be might make use of his opportunities, to get at the wished-for secrets. With a beating heart he set out to apply for the situation. Van Noord lived in a email house in a back street. He had no family, with the exception of a wife and one little daughter, who afterwards became the wife of the artist Jaoob Jor- deans. He, as was eaid, worked qsite alone, and only occasionally visited his pupils, to direct their studies. At this time he was at the height of his fame, and bis works were much sought after, but already he ha$ begun to fall into au ill-regulated course of life and bab:ts, which somq time '"later brought: about his ruin as an artist. As com- missions .flowed in he .worked the faster and the less carefully covering many artistic deficiencies with tlie'cioak of his brilliant colouring. It was known afterwards that at this time he had muoh recourse to strong drink, as an aid to labour, and that he seldom went to bed sober. He had already one colour- grinder in his ser vice, a somewhat'stupid youth, named Jan, whose duty it also was to lend a hand frequently in aid ing the mistress of the house with the household work. This obo servant did not at all supply the needs of the quick-workiog artist, so that when Rubens came and offered his services they were gladly accepted, coming, as they did, just at the right moment. The painter certainly looked at the boy's gleaming eyes and glowing face with a distrustful glance, but he could gather nothing which could give Mm ground for real distrust of the noble genius who canpe tq him fi& a simple colour-grind e?. Rubens sought to set suspicion at rest by his unpresoming Behaviour, and his tale of how, though of good family, he had been compelled, through poverty, to seek a plaoe, and means of relieving, his mother in her distress ; and his rase was an altogether successful one. He did his work well, appeared to know nothing of drawing or painting, asked no questions, and fori 'f f astened to win, pot only the approval oi bis master, hut also of the mistress of the house, to whom he so willingly made himself useful that the somewhat lazy Jan quickly resigned to him all the household jdutiea he had hitherto been obliged to perform. , But still Rumens saw that Van Noord continued distrustful qf | him, and that, at unexpected moments, he would suddenly intrude upon him, and look Curiously round the room, as though to discover whether his new servant secretly devoted himself to art studies, and might therefore be a eitiliog from him his darling jnieut . ' " therefore, took great oare to fflyiteriei- chamber which could betray leare no paui'a services in the household had him acquainted, however, with a large 0 "nto which was stowed away all sorts of attll! \ nld pictures, old artists' tools, old 1- gnd so forth ; and here he had ar- ' d for himself a very tolerable studio, in the 'hidden oorner of the room. A broken easel propped-up stool enabled him to v ' trial of the Tarioua observations IT contrived to take of hi. master'. of working a is ar It "eB not rL8 between whiles, to hide his paints and ? toeether with the sketches he worked at, d r the lumber with which the attic was lumbered, and as each pictnre was completed t took it home with him on Sundays, whenever J hd leave to visit his mother. Thus, as time t on he contrived really to get at the deeired k'owledgei and also, at lasi, to completely quiet Van Hoord'i suspioions. He did not, however, flllow his master's style and manner slavishly, , t availed himself of the new .hints, and forked them out quite after his own wonderful at last began painting a great picture in his \- itudio. It was a " Mater Dolorosa," a bust Dfl'fe iie ; and to it he gave the features of his ther for whom he intended his new work to b«a delightful surprise. The troubled, sorrowful n made an excellent model for the mother four Lord, as Bhe must have looked when the 0 rd had pierced her bouI, as it pierced the side 'of her blessed Son. The picture had got on far towards completion, when an accident occasioned the discovery of the boy's secret ; and yet, it so happened that the discovery only proved favour able to him as an artist, and was the cause of furthering still more his aims for self improve In'the year 1598 the painter Adam Van Noord tae elected member of the famous art-brother- hood of St. Luke, at Antwerp. The members of thii union gave their new brother a great banquet, in honour of his entry into tueir oircle. On this occasion the friends ana relations and admirers of the elected artist gathered iu great numberB to offer their congratulations. Jo pay hie tribute of honour to Van Noord, there came to Antwerp that famous painter of the Dutch school, Octavius Van Veen, usually called Otto Venius, who valued Rubens's master us representative of the style of painting which he himself also endeavoured to follow. His ap pearance at the banquet was much thought of, si he was highly esteemed in all art circles. Van lieord was, of course, much pleased at thiB at tention shown him j but still he recognised that he had a formidable rival in this friend and sdmirer of his, and he was not over fond of rivals. He had drunk a good deal ef wine at table, when he took it into his head that Van Veen must go home with him, and three break the necks of a few more bottles, i > order to inaugurate an increase of their old so- called friendship. Their discourse, while they were alone together, touched upon Italy; which Van Noord began lamenting he had never Been. 1 Have you never been in Italy ?' asked Veen. ' It is, then, the more wonderful how you have attained to such a perfection in oolouring. What ws owe to study and to good fortune, it seems you owe alone to year own genius.' ' You rate my powers too highly,' answered the other modestly. 'Although I have never been to Italy, some excellent Btudies of an old master of the Italian School came in my way, and they pre me my first ideas about a possible improve ment en the Btyle in vogue here. My only merit lies in having worked out thoBe ideas.' Van Veen had long perceived that his host had drank enough, and perhapB a little more than enough ; he caught, therefore, now, at an op portunity for bringing his drinking bout to an <na. 'You would pleaBe me much, he said, if you could show me those Italian studies.' ' Willingly,' said Van Noord, ' but I mast first hunt them up, and heaven knows in what corner or attic they may no n be hid. If you allow me, however, to leave you, I will go in searoh ef them.' So saying, he set out on his way to the upper ffioni of the house, which oh ordinary occasions he never visited. Dressed in his feBtal suit, he vent groping and creeping through all sorts of odd nooks and crannies, spying about for the long- forgotten sketches or studies. Now, Rubens had been making great use of this festive clay, to continue working at his great and sll-but finished picture. After he had helped to dreu his master, and had seen him off, he had conolnded that the reBt of the day waB sure to be tree and safe for work. He knew well Van Coord's love of strong drink, and did not expect r>im to return till late, and did not then expect to tee him at all sober. He hoped to spend some delightful hours at his task, and to oomplete his vork. Some of the house linen hung on lineB drjiDg in his attic ; but he cared nothing for Ikst, nor for the trumpery with which he was iurrouaded. He eat at his workj so engrossed in it that he never heard his master's return, or even ull approaching steps, as he ascended the un- bwjaeated Btsirs to these upper regions. The f®sder may, however, imagine the astonishment 0 the master, when penetrating into the novel studio in search of the sketches, he suddenly came upon his busy colour- grinder. As his glance took & the painting before his face his eyes seemed as it they would start out of hia head with amaze- ®ot, and his mouth openrd wide under the tonaence of the same sensation. He saw now how e 1 justified his suspicions of this cunning boy a been; he recognised also at once that an was before him with whom he was not Uby to be compared himself in any particular, aii very excess of anger and of surprise made i® dumb; he uttered no exclamation, but as Hackly, and as unnotioed by the boy, as he had tended the stairs he descended them again. Siting into the room where he had left his fl?« ' k® stammered out i Ihe fellow iB a very devil.' ho had seen a ghost, Van Veen ques- M sim with vivacity, but Von Noord only "I»t8d hi, former .peech : 0 he ®Ho w is a very devil!' n a vigorous application of cold water inwardly rt,outwarly, he waB at last induced to explain rg What had haPPenec3 ; almost howling with eof6 6 whil®» and declaring that his offending Hlvrndep should never leave the house alive. I la'D lD BOase meMure pacified him, Van Veen tad ''neaf®d to be allowed to see this wonderful and gD - Wor« Bering it as his belief that passion tbe rPriBe had caused the master to over-rate the painting be had seen j but this by nn0rd r®fused to believe, declaring he could dajk DeaD8 be mistaken as to its being a « a second Titian o rLfh " " ,0Ui your pupils.' g forth 88 one of ThiB view of the matter certainly did somewhat 7 BDd affibiti0U> "tUt, andThe two then carefully crept up to the attic, in order Lite to surprise Rubens at his work. He still sat un suspiciously before his easel, but when Van Veen saw the picture there escaped from him an in voluntary exolamation of wonder, at which a cry sLSrr ?uti r t?elad> andhe 4 deadly pale, brush and palette in hand. Van t to burflt forth in reproaches, when his friend caught him by the arm and whispered, ' Master Van Noord, he will lift up aea i aHoh ,Bkr 8uCh a 8h0lar Dever go forth out of your school.' « My son ' said an excrBTingrt0 E"benB» ' yu hav® profited well by excellent master. Tell me how you have at- tamed such perfection while yet so young.' .J,0 klndn«" of the tone emboldened his hearer, ti H? y tojd hiB tol®« and all the difficul- ties that had beset him hitherto. He expressed w 40lndadlDiration forhiB n""tr that Van Noord was wonderfully pacified, and began to forget hi. wrath. His friend, however, w well that this reasonable moderation would be temporary, and he, therefore, on the spot proposed that _Rubens should in future pursue his studies with him. He pressed this so urgently, both on the servant and master, that in the end the boy accompanied him that very day to his mn. As the two eat together that evening Van Veen explained that not only had4he execution of the nearly finished picture amazed him, but that also be had been much struck by the face of the Madonna as it represented one well known to him. When Rubens explained that he had painted the face of his own mother in his picture, and when he had mentioned what her maiden name had been, Van Veen discovered that, as a young man, he had known her well. He accom panied Rubens next day to her house, and there renewed his acquaintance with her, and obtained her willing consent to his taking her son as his pupil to Brussels. In after days Van Noord used often to boast that Rubens had studied under him, and used to tell hew it was he who first discovered the lad's marvellous genius. He outlived his wonderful pupil, dying only in 1641, a very old and decrepit man, while Rubens died in 1640, in the bloom and heyday of his years and fame. The bind and excellenb Van Veen waB indeed a good friend : in 1600, when he saw that his pupil had learned all he could give him in the way of instruction, he enabled him to visit Italy, and to study there at the fountain-head of knowledge.— — " The Argosy." 