LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. ?\\\ri:sr.Kv.is An.vivkiirauv Sisitviri's at Hamilton. — We an; requested to call tlicallen tion of our muter* hum advertisement in another column, fiiini whirh it will be seen Hint the l!i-v. .). IT. Pleleher, Principal of the NewingUin College, is to prcarh thu church anniversary services at Hamilton, on Sunday nexl. morning and (?veiling, and that a public meeting will lie hold on Tuesday, for thu furtherance* of Lliu same, object. Vot.u.ntkku Aiirir,i.KUY Band. — The band of the Volunteer Artillery will perform in the grounds attached to tho Asylum for Imbeciles, mis aiicruoon, commencing at lour o eiocic sharp, weather permitting. Profjraminu : -1. Grand March, Omnr Pasha, J. A'ie ; 2. Christ mas Echoes Quadrille, D. Godfrey ; It. The New Burlesque Vtilse, Coote ; -1. Quick March, Artillery, J. M. Gales; 5. Selection from Lucia di Lnmmormoor, Donizetti ; 0. Helphegnr Polka, Victor Andautu; 7. March — The Old Fortyone, arranged by J. M. Gates; 8. Prince Imperial Galop, C. Coote ; God save the Queen. — J. M. Galos, Bandmaster. Thk Late Cor.usroy in the Harbor. — At the request of Captain Cosier, master of the schooner Peri, and of Mr. Lochhead, owner of the steamer Commissary-General, the Local Marine Hoard held nn investigation on Thurs day, touching the late collision between these two vessels, which took place in tho harbor of Newcastle, on Monday, the 21th instant. After a good deal of evidence was taken on both sides, the board came to the decision thnfc the master of the steamer did not exercise sufficient vigilance, and that, had he done so in due time, the collision might have been averted. The Division op tub Hastisos EtECTonATE. —Tho Macleay Herald states that Mr. E. Jud der, tho chairman who presided at the meeting of the 22nd October, in Kempsey, for the sub division of tho electorate, forwarded to Mr. li, B. Smith tlio vote of thanks' unanimously ac corded to him by the meeting. As a proof of tho influential character of tlio meeting, Mr . Rudder forwarded a list of a number of tho gentleme*n who were present. To that Mr. Smith sent tho following reply : — ' Sydney, Gth November, 1873. Dear Sir — I beg to acknow Urtnflo,'-(5biiVGyini' '&\- tWe'nfrsaiVmafion''of-(7io vote of thanks unanimously adopted at a public mectiug, of which you were tho chairman, held in Kempsoy on tho 22nd of October last, for the services I havo ronderel in reference to tlio division of tho electorate of the Hastings. Jn cordially thanking the gentlemen who have thus generously recognised my humble eflorts, I beg, through you, to assure them that during my parliamentary career, I have persistently en deavoured to do all I possibly could for tho interests of tho electorate — a course I will nur sue while I bare the honour of being its repre sentative. When I found that an individual member, howorer sincere his zeal or well direct ed his efforts might be, could not do adequate justice to so largo a constituency, I moved in 'thoi matter of its division, and I havo reason to believe with some success. It also gives me great satisfaction to find that my efforts to pro «w*-« mi. jiiuL'iuam ui lii-u illaLl JUb ULL (JVUry occasion, received such emphatic approval at tlio public mooting held on the 22nd ultimo. Those efforts, I can assure my constituents, will not bo relaxed in tho future, although I trust they will soon be confined within a more limited area than they have hitherto been. I cannot close these remarks without acknowledging the courtesy and attention I havo invariably received from the heads of departments whenever I had any repre sentation to make in reference to tho electorate. This is only the moro creditable, as I am not genorally a supporter of tho present Adminis tration. Again thanking the gentlemen who, at tho meeting before, referred to, so liberally recognised my services, and to yourself for tho kind manner in whioh you havo conveyed that recognition, I am, dear. Sir, yours faithfully, K. B. SwiTif . To E. W, Kudder, Esq., Kemp se-y - ilia, Maeleay Itiver. Cricket. — The return match botweon tho Newcastle and Singleton Cricket clubs will bo played to-day, on the Singleton ground. Tho following players will represent Newcastle, viz.: — G. Bewick, jun.. 11. Bryant, A. A. Glen nie, G. Gilbert, John Jloguc, It. Hogue, Thomas Hogue, John Hudson, P. Koogh, W. Slior wood, and A. Walt. Tt will be seen that some of our best players will not bo able to take part in tho match. The Newcastle men leave for Singleton by the early train this morning. Lecture at Hamilton. — The Rev. J. A. No lan, of West Maitland, delivered a lecture in the Congregational Church, Lambton, on Wed nesday evening last, on ' Ghosts.' The rev. lecturer was listened to by an intelligent audi ence of about 120 persons, for nearly two hours, with unabated interest, and showed that the subject is one of greater importance than is usually assigned to it. The subject of ancient superstitions and modern spiritualism were ably dealt with. The lecture was enlivened by humourous and telling anecdotes. At the close, Mr. Wm. Conn moved, and Mr. John Hopkins seconded, a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Nolan, which was carried by acclamation. The Chairman, on behalf of the Wesleyan Church Building Committee, to the funds of which the proceeds of the lecture were devoted, thanked the Rev. Mr. Lewis and his congregation for the use of their church. The choir of the Dark Creek Wesleyan Church enlivened the proceed ings with several good pieces of music. Port D.unvi.v in Skwcxstur. — On Thursday, tlio steamship Gothenburg, from Port Uarwin ch route to Melbourne, called into Port for eoal, and some of her passengers (of whom she had in all upwtirdu of 250, ebielly in the steerage) took tho opportunity of having a spree on shore. Ac cordingly, a number of Ihem hired an omnibus nnd enjoyed n drive about town, ' singing, as they wt'nl.' several well-known and popular airs; others, who were not satisfied with this, went in fora regular 'soak,' visiting nearly all the public-houses in town, until at last they be came so aflected as to give vent lo their feelings hv shouting and yelling about the streets. Some of them, more disorderly than the rest, burst open the side door of the Ship Jim, which had been closed against them, nnd inilicled somo trilling damage. The police frequently cautioned the diggers to be more orderly, but all their warnings were in vain, and Sub-inspeclor Thorpe was under the painful necessity of order ing some half-dozen of the most outrageous to be locked up until the vessel was about to sail, when they wore put on board by order of the Police Magistrate. G.w.t.axt J! Esri'K from Dhuwnino.-- On Saf ur- day, whennnoldand respected inhabitant of New castle, Mrs. Christie, of Luke Mnoqunrie Jfoad, was proceeding to the residence of her son, Mr. Christie, of liiillouk island, she bad the misfor tune to fall from I In; punt, into the deep water, at the A. A. Company's shoots, where she must I inevitably lmvo been drowned, had it not been 1 for the gallant conduct of a young man named ' I'ifliard ('iardner, who was engaged in wheeling ballast from :i ship in the neighbourhood. On hearing the screams of her two grandsons (lads of about eight and ten years respectively) who were in churgi* of the punl, ho dropped the liar r.iw which In; wns wheeling in the middle of the plank, and rushed to her assistance, unhesitat ingly jumped into the water, and brought her safely lo the shore, where, through the good ollices of Airs. Frost, near whose residence the accident happened, she was soon able to bo con veyed to her home, and is now, wo understand, quite recovered f'roiu the efl'octs of her involun tary immersion. — We believe this is not the first time that Mr. Gardner has been the means of rescuing persons from drowning, and deserves the more In be taken notice of, as others were standing on the wharf ut the time, who could do nothing but look on, while a fellow creature might lmvo been drowned. WkSI.KVA NT MllTlllllilST C'lll'UCir, WaLI.SK Nil — The -imiiversary .services of the Sabbath-school in connection with I he above church, were held :-u .Sunday last, when scriinnis were preached by llie Jiuv. Ji. Me ICeown (minister of the circuit) ; [lie I'ev. J. Puggou, and Mr. Ingrain. .Notwith standing Ilio very inclement weather in the morning and afternoon, the congregations were rery large. On tlio following M onday afternoon, he Sabbath-school children, numbering one iwidred and twenty, were regaled with cake, sweetmeats, nnd tea; after which, a public tea neeling was held in tlio church, when about one Kindred ami fifty persons .sat down to tea, which ivas supplied by Mr. U. Jones, of Lnmbton, in his Licst style. A public meeting was afte. wards lield. Tho church was crowded. The meeting was opened by singing nnd prayer, by tho Key. l{. Alejujowu, after which, Mr. 1'ule was called to the chair. The Chairman then called upon leadership of Mr. Tainsett, beautifully rendered 11 piece entitled, ' Hold tlio Foot.' Mr. Lov--ll presided at the harmonium. Then followed some recitations by sonic of the children, after which, the chairman, in a forcible manner, urged the claims of thu Sabbath-school children upon the sj'inpathy of their teachers and parents, in their struggles to do right. He (the chair man) urged upon the teachers and parents, the importance of impressing upon the minds of the children the valuo of right principles. He re marked, that one of the chief failings of children, nnd often of those who had advanced to man hood, was, their not having the moral courage to say ' Xo '.' to that which is ovil. Tho Chair man encouraged the children by some well-timed remarks, and urged them to dare to do right, no matter what might bo the result. After somo singing by the children, the Chairman then called upon tho Itev. J. A. Foggon, who then addressed the meeting. He expressed his satisfaction at being present at that meeting, and .sympathised with the tcachurs and children of the S.ibbnth-school, on tlio unfavourable state of the weather on tho previous day. Ho depro cated the perpetuating of those differences be tween tho various sects of tho Christian Church, and hoped that the time would soon come when the children's feelings of rivalry and jealousy ex isting between the various Sabbath-schools would tho Sabbath-school ''children desired tu»'b-* ro cognised by the Churuh ilia manner more marked than they arc at present, and spoke of tho child ren of their Sabbath-schools as the future odice bearcrs and ministers of the Church. The rev. gentleman concluded his remarks bv urgin' upon the parents tho advantages of giviw the children a good, sound, home training. °Tho [?luldreii then sang some more pieces, which were followed by some recitations, which were well given by some very young children, in a manner n uiuii uiiuiiuu umuu ujjpmuse. iur. li. 1). llut Icdgo then addressed the meeting, and spoke of the nso and progress of tho Sabbath-school in stitution, and of the cla-ms which it had upon the Church. Ho also dwelt upon tho keen per ceptions of children with rogard to tho circum stances which came within their rango of obser vation, and urged the necessity of followin' up the instruction which tho children received in the Sabbath-school by lives which enfoiccd, in lection was then taken up, tho children mean while, singing another piece. Tho Itev. R. M'JCeown then addressed the meeting, and, with considerable eloquence, enforced the advantages of example, and impressed upon tho teachers tho groat importance of going with the children and leading them to Heaven, instead of merely pointing tho way. Ho noticed the duty which devolved upon others as well as parents aud teachers, to set a good example to tho children, nnd showed that doing and teaching in tho Scrip tures wero inseparable, and forcibly reminded them that every sinner was not mi/rely a sinner himself, but a teacher of sin. Votes of thanks were accorded to tho Chairman and the ladies, and tho meeting closed with the doxology and benediction. 'Keoistbation. — The undermentioned officiat ing minister has been registered for the celobra tion of marriages : — Itomnn Catholic Church (diocese of Maitlnnd) — the Itevcrend Thomas Aloysius JCealon, Jtaymond Terrace. DiikaI'Kui, JIokse Accident. — A very scrioui nceiilent (says thu Tenterjield Star) happened near tho Border on Saturday, the Oth'instant. It ap pears that Mr. Jesse Bowman, the manager of the Cemetery Hill Creek Tin Mining Company, was out searching for a missing horse, and hay ing found it he removed the saddle from tho ono In.* 'lmd been riding to tho other, and at oneo mounted the fresh one. The animal thereupon made a sudden plunge, and started off through tho bush, bursting the saddle-girth, and throwing tho rider, as a matter of course, heavily to tho ground. He fell backwards (through the crup per catching in the horse's tail it is supposed and causing a sudden jerk, when tho girth broke), ind us ho fell tho vicious brute kicked him savagely, breuking his right leg below the knee, and dislocating his ankle. Two parties who wero out kangaroo hunting found him shortly after the accident happened, and with the help of a sheet of bark on which they placed the suf ferer, they carried him to Mr. Downing's Herd ing Yard Hotel, where ho has since rcmainod. The fracturo is said to bo a very dangerous ono. Ca.rhi.uie Accii'Ent. — An accident of * Tory dangerous nature, but which fortunately was unattended by serious results, occurred on tho Dap to Jtoad, on Friday last. It appears that on the afternoon of that day, while Airs. W. W. Jenkins, of Berkeley, accompanied by two of tho Misses Jenkins, were driving into town, and when descending the eastern side of Garden Hill, tins polu of the carriage broke, thus allowing tho vehicle to run forward and come in contact with the legs of the horses. As misht be expected, both animals began al once to kick and plungo furiously, the immndiate result being that ths coach mail (William Saddler) was thrown vjo. lently from the carriage on tho road, where he fell upon his back with great force. He was no sooner down, however, than with tho agility of an acrobat, ho was upon his foot again, and hav ing clung to tho reins throughout, ho succcedod with admirable tact and courage in keeping tho horses under control to somo extent, until tho occupants of the carriage got safely out of their dangerous position. While in the act ofleaving the carriage, however, Miss Jenkins narrowly escaped being kicked by ono of tho horses, tho animal's heels having almost grazed her head. After some considerable trouble, Saddler suc ceeded in disconnecting thn horses from tho vehi cle, his conduct throughout the priticttl and dau gcrous mishap being highly praiseworthy. Licensed VieTi/Ar.r.Kits' Association1.— On Wednesday evening Inst, a meeting of tho abovo association was held in the new Oddfellows' Hall, Klizabelh-street, the president (Mr. C. H. Dar ton) in the chair. The minutes of tho previous meeting having been rend and confirmed, th» .secretary described the present, position of the association, and what he believed were its future prospects. Ho was of opinion that the Into fate of the Permissive Liquor Bill might be attributed lo the action which had boon taken by tho Li censed Victuallers' Association. He dunicd, however, as he believed, wns the impression on smile minds, thai the licensed victuallers had, in funning themselves into an an association, set themselves in bnttlo array against ministers of religion and temperance and total obslinonce ad vocates. The. objects of the association wero ' To protect and defend its members against vexa tious or malicious prosecutions, aVising out of the pursuit of their business; to ostablish a unity of feeling nnd action among them; to se cure the full nud free exercise of their occu pation; to obtain such improvements in tho laws regulating the trade as may from time, to time bo deemed expedient ; to oppose all undue restric tions on tho same, aud generally to promote tho interests of the trade; to establish a benoyoloat fund for aiding nnd nssisting necessitous and do servins members, and ultimately to provide a home for members who may, from ago or Infir mity, bo iuenpacitnted from pursuing their avo cation-!.' The report of the proceedings of a committee, lately appointed, was rend and adopted, auditors were eleeted, and a vote of thanks was awarded to Mr. It. Driver, M.L.A., ' for the eminent services ho had rendered to the association.' Mf.VICIP.Vt. Co.VPKREXCK IN S YDSKY.— The following (says the Empire.) is the text of tho petition agreed to by the Municipal Conferenco 111 Sydney, to be presented to Parliament : — ' T« the Honorable the Legislative Assembly of Now South Wales, in Parliament nssembled. Tho petition of the members of the Municipal Coun cils of tho boroughs and municipal districts of Now South Wales, humbly and respectfully showeth — That your petitioners beliuve (hat the Government is reliovcdof very much labour and expense by the municipalities already incorpo rated, in muking roads, bridges, and many other improvements within the limits of their rc.ipe tive boundaries. That in order to omplet* urgent nud necessary improvements, tho exponse of which have unavoidably involved an outlay (with thu strictest regard to economy) far exceed ing tho amount raised by rates, endowment, &c;, for mnny yenrs to come, many of the Munici pal Councils hare been compelled to borrow money, to repny which, with interest, both tho endowment and a largo portion of the rates must bo devoted, leaving a margin barely sufficient to meet ordinary expenses, and nothing whatevor to carry on further improvements, or to keep in repair the many miles of roads, streets, and other ' ' improvements alrendy made. That the prexent rate of endowment, on tho scale provided for in section 189th of the Municipalities Act of 1867, i.1 inadequate to meet the wants of claims of the municipalities. Your petitioners arc of opinion that nothing short of a. porpetual. endowment, equal to the amount raised by rates, subscrip tions, &c;, will be sufliciont to oarry on the necoa sarv works, and »rav that vour honorable House will duly consider the matter by amending th» 180th section of the present Municipalities Act, so as to meet tho requirements ; and your peti tioners, ns in duty- bound, will ever pray.' Tub Oranoe Road Mohder. — Confession of .Iabvis. — Henry Vincent Jarvis, convioted ou ' iiriuay land, »i 1,1,0 Control Criminal Court, on circumstantial evidence, of the murder of James Moggoridgo, carder, on tho 22nd July last, on tho Orange and Buthurst road, and who was sentenced lo death by his Honor the Chief Ju». I tice (Sir James Martin), has made a verbal con fession, admitting the circumstances of tho tnur« dor and his guilt to-the llev. Canon Kich, who, as chaplain of Darlinghurst gaol, has been as siduous in his attention to Jams since th» dreadful fiat was announced. Tho confession was received by the Sheriff on Monday night about seven o'clock. The Sheriff waitod upon tho Colonial Secretary yostorday morning, and eonimumcatod to him the particulars . of the criminal's confession. Those particulars aro, in ? '? ' sabstance, a confession that he, Jarvis, commit ted the murder, and that tho circumstances con nected with it, as revealed in the evidence given at the trial, were accurately stated with thooxi ception of that; portion referring to the broken sixpence, which Jarvis denies. He states that ho felt aggrieved at not being paid the wages duo to him by Moggeridge for services performed, and had a feeling of revenge towards him in con sequence, besides a desire to possess himsolf of tho moneyjhe knew Moggeridgo had. The mur der was committed while Moggeridge was stand ing at the fire, by Jarvin striking him with an axe, and then throwing his body on tho fire. A written confession has not been made but it ig expected that such will bo the ease. If it b«, instructions have been given to the Sheriff to keep it in his possession until it comos boforeth* ; ? Lxocutive Council when considering the fate of tho murderer, or until the execution take place, should it be decided that the extreme penalty of I tho law shall be inflicted. The criminal is said . , to be very penitent — bowed down with contri- ''* lion. — .Empire. . ' . ' ? '? 