ON THE RANK. [Br CABBY.] Some considerate friend, signing himself " Health," has addressed the following letter to me :—" Are you aware that the ' Hospital washing* is drawn through the streets by prisoners to the 'washing depot ¥ Is not this sufficient to create a pestilence in hot weather, or in fact at any time, as the odour from the bed clothing of diseased people cannot be healthy ?" Although I do profess to know a little about liorseology, F must confess -that I Imow next to nothing about pathology, or, as I suppose this cage must be called, streetology. Our; wise Government, thaidgh, in their insane idea of retrench- !mei5t,have evidently not seep thp matter | in the same light as "Health ;" l|or it is I evident that if any harm' caine from the : dirty cl#thes,the prisoners would be the | first to get the benefit of "it, and in chat ; case ' the Government would have to doctor them and in case of death would have to bury them. Were free labor employed this expence would be; saved, and ;the Government would have the credit of circulating a little more of our money. However, I suppose the clothes must be washed, and if Mr " Health " can device .means to get them from the Hospital to the washing depot without conveying them through the streets, I have no doubt, on his communicating with the Hospital authorities, his scheme will le thankfully received. If lie can't devi e a scheme I hope he will not say. any* thing more about the matter, because my nerves are none of the best, and it's not very consoling to mo who is on the streets all day to be told that there is a probability of such things as pestilences knocking about. The inhabitants of the other colonies are remarkably sharp people. Although they take every opportunity to cry down poor little Tasmania, yet at the same time they try to take advantage of every point of excellence she may possess. Thus it has become a regular thing for Victorians to come over here on the look-out for wives, and in many cases our gentlemen stand not the ghost of a chance with them. Our jam too (stepping from the sublime to the ridiculous) is counterfeited by them, and it is said that if you buy so-called Tasmanian raspberry jam in Melbourne, you discover that there is about one raspberry to every pound of jam, the balance being made up of pumpkin, Swede turnip, rotten figs, or some other rubbish. For some time past we have had a good name for our horses in the colonial market, and our sharp neighbors are taking advantage of this. At Adelaide the other day a sale of Tasmanian mares was held, at which a number of mares were sold whose sires never even sniffed Tasmanian air. How they could be sires to Tasmanian stock I can't explain, but their progeny were sold as having come from Tasmania, and in consequence realised very good prices. I think our jam makers and our horse breeders should look to this matter, and see if itcau't be stopped. I don't know whether they try to get rid of their ladies by representing them as coming from Tasmania, but if they would do it with such things as jam and horses, why should they not do the same with the ladies ? Our new Government are evidently trying the New Zealand dodge of making the prisoners support themselves, but as they are much more clever than their New Zealand prototypes, they have commenced in a different way. Some prisoners having to be conveyed by the coach to Launceston were supplied with raw meat and raw potatoes to eat on the journey ! And a capital idea, too. Pigs can eat "raw potatoes, and grow fat on them, too, and what is to prevent prkoneis from doing the same. Certainly they might be a little indigestible, but if you make a prisoner's life too easy he would always be getting into gaol! I see the Council are already going in for extras at the Pavilion in the Gardens. More glass is to be added to the building at a cost of £22 10s. That's the way the money goes. A few meetings ago an account was passed of some £17 for the payment of some trees that had been placed on the Windmill. Will, _ When will our Aldermen learn wisdom 1 When will they learn that it is wrong to spend money on luxuries, while so many necessary works are required? Many petitioners for necessary works have been.informed that, although the Council recognised the necessity, the state of the funds would not. admit of any money being spent on those necessities; and yet in the faceof this, money is actaaJly frittered away for things which are very nice when you can afford to pay for them,but which are totally unnecessary, and are of benefit to only a few. 