Tuougu an honest merchant in a plain dealer, a carpenter is a deal planer. Kaxsas lawyers are fined for profanity and contempt'of court when they under take to quote liatio to the judge. Messrs, Grant ft Co., have purchased .froHi thefehah the copyright of bin Jourunl of Travel.—Sewsvendor. A medical writer says the healthiest position to lay in is with the head to the north People who own hens should bear this fact in mind. A Down-east editor says bis experience in journalism teaches him that there is nothing in this world,that, wjjl so disgust and sicken the general reader' as to learn after wading through the particulars of an awful accident, that there is a proba bility of the victim's recovery, ,, ; The Like Mvbt be Deawn Sour- i 4THERE.—My Lady: " And why did you leave your last situation ?" Sensitive Being: " WpH^ffijjIady, I "adn't been in the "ouse 'a$&M;<j$th prhea I bsweer. tained las the Jodie;, ff. the family 'ad toerer creo beti'pfeieaied"at 'Court ?*~ :?unch. . ' The Juwaib of Constantinople- notioei as a singular. <£5ri»b£idefaoe that the Sultan of Turkey, the Sbsih *of > ^Pem®, and tbe Viceroy of Egypt are'of thosame age, the three having been born in the year 1245 of the Hijtal', corresponding with the year A..D. 1830. Ticejre are two sorle of caiiT'We, ioubV the truth i>f fche<»mmon sayiiigthat one j of them has nine lives, but m iray « poor • fellow's back can: attest that the other bw ; nine lives, but many a ppor fellow's bach "cato attest that the other has nine tails. ' & tHTBiclAW, on presenting bis Viil to the executor 'of an estate of a deceased atietit: asked, " Do you wis.b to have my ill sworn ?" " No," replied the executor *' the! death of the deceased is sufficient evidence that you attendecWiim -profession «l'y '• " A wealthy farmer of Fulton has this notice posted up in hit field .:—" If any .man's or woman's"cows or oxen gits in these a;r oats, hie or her tail will be cut off, as the cose may be. A. man eye um, and pay my taxes but confoozilation to a ■ man who lets bis. critters .<run-:. loose 'said' eye-' _ A Sacramento lawyer remarked to the court,—" It is my candid opinion, judge; thefc you an old fool." The judge allowed hi# mildly beaming eye to fall upon the lawyer a brief momcWt; then, jd a voice husky with suppressed tobacco juice and emotion, said, " It is my candid opinion that you are fined 100 dollar?." As a cure for corns the " Medical, Press avid Circular says : ■ Cnktor-oil should he applied to the corns;aftcr paring closely each night before going tobed It softens the corns, which become as the flesh. It will cur$ every time. Tipk^B aroused his wife from a round sleep tbe other night, paying be had seen a ghost in the shape of an ass. " Oh, let me sleep," w«& the reply of the irate damp, j " and don't bo frightened at your own I shadow." Lord IIotoiiTos adds*the following to i the long list of Sidney Smith'B jokes :— Of Lord Maeau'lay he said, that Macaulay •' not only overflowed with learning, but stood in the slop." .1 A wretch has started the malicious Te- J port that London coutains two thousand , poets. There is some cholera in the metropolis, and there uiay be a few eases j of smallpox at the East-end} but wc in- ; dignantly deny that we are suffering from such an attack of poets. Onthe contrary J the City is uiiusually hcalty —Hornet. , TilERB can be no doubt now that the j Vienna Exhibition ha* proved a failure, j Vulgarly speaking, " it 1 has not p;iid," | There is, indeed, a growing iuipnwdon that 110 great exhibitions will pay. They | are no longer novelties, and therefore on , longer attractive. i A newsagent named Cockle, who was to be examined on behalf of the defendant in the Tiihborne trial, has committed suicide at Surbiton, where lie was in business In the middle pf the night he ! left his houss and wanflcred on to the Suuth Western line and a train ran over , him. Tub " Manchester Courier " says that Mr. John IWron, of the Bolton and Srfuthpott Railway refVei-hmeiit-rormis., j has been intrusted with 'he maiiufaeure of the bridecako which is to gr;iee the ; royal breakfast-table on the on-ai- ion of , the marriage of the Duk'- n{ Edinburgh i with the only daughter of the Kmperor 1 of Ku*sis. The cake, which is described Jlti •! chef d'witvre of the-confectioner s ait, j towcr-i to s height of 7ft. <iin.. and weighs | upwards of 2-)0lh. - I A " LaDT rORRESl'OSDENT" of the j Belf.ist A'ews-lctter says tl\at «abbut 8.O0O . 1 beuging-letters wctc received by ■ tbe j Shah during his recent visit to Enaland They hsve been packed in a Jarpe che*t and sent off* to Persia,M«jeaty means to deposit thsoidfl^fc^uscuoi. was greatly flattered by ha»ing s.i mny letters addressed to him, tauing ihem ,as< so many compliments It may interest thp, mercantile ccvni; • miinity (*av» the ^Civilian) to know rest t be " Muriflo " rteamHhip if once more on - tbe high'seas. She is, at present, trading between Antwerp and Spain. Her mate, j \»ho was in command when she cut down j the f^orth fleet, continues in prison., j The Graphic, in an article on present fa>hioni», says" As to bonnets and bats some of our readers will here, with sur prise that specimens are shown at the Vienna Exhibilion made of glass j fiie time is probably at hand When our bon nets and windows may be cleaned at the I same time. A contemporary states that I ' the hat is made of looec pieces of glass, I fastened closely together by a guttapercha ! band, which allows it to eonform to the | bead. Inside there is a lining tf silk, and the trimmings ar* various, being for the roost part birds and flowt-w. ; A bonnet ni&de; of glass weighs but a few ounce», is very durable, because rain cannot spot it, and the cost thereof is small.'" ExTBiOBDINAUt PttlCE OF * V lOMS.— At a sale by auction at Dresden recently J was sold the famous vioUu which Count j TraUtsmannsdorff, Grand Squire of Squire VI., bought from Jacob ataincr under peculiar - conditions. The Count paid Stainer 66 gold carol^s cash for the instru ment, and engaged to give hup.4 goto dinner daily for life, besides 100 Conns a month, a new coat per annum, twobarfeLs of beer, and the material for light and i heat. Further, in case of Stainer's mar riage, he was to receive as many hares as I he require-!, and twelve baslce's of fruit. His old nurso was to receive the same quantity. As the vendor lived sixteen years, his violin cost the Count 20,000 florins. It was sold recently for 2,500 thalers. 