MISCELLANEOUS. The-Khiva Expedition will, it -is said, start earlier than was expected, and be j accompanied by both English and American special correspondents. ' Her Majesty's ship Barracouta has been commissioned at SUeerness by Captain Fre mantle, a younger son of the Bight Hon. | Sir Thomas Fromantle, Bart. She is in tended to go to the coast of Spain for the j protection of British, interests, and will then proceed to Australia to relieve the Basilisk. The Times has discovered that the rate of colonial progress is so rapid, that political and statistical knowledge bocomes stale in' an incredibly short time, and that if " we would keep up with the march of events in these new countries, wo must revise our j opinions and our facts from year to year." The article referred to, which will be found in the issue for March 20th, then enters j upon an elaborate notice of the papora relating to Her Majesty's colonial posses sions, recently presented to Parliament. j . A remarkable statement was made in the House of Commons. Mr Akroyd asked the Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs whether be wus aware that the Chinese coalffeds covored 400,000 square miles, while the English coalfields only cover 12,000, and that in Shansi in particular 30,000 square miles are known to exist in beds from 12 to 30 feet thick. Lord Enfield replied that he was well aware of the facts, that tho coal was equal to the best Cardiff, and that tho price was from 31s to 49s 6d a ton. English men want to work these fields, but the Chinese hesitate. This is an endless supply, but we could not get it here under 87s a ton. Take the cost at 10s at the' pit's mouth, and it will cost 103 to carry to the I sea, .£3 for freight home, and 7s between the Pool and the cellar. We want coal hero, not there. Mr Church, the general manager of tho London General Omnibus Company (Limited), writes to the Times to confirm Lord Bosebery's views as to the scarcity of horses in England. His company have bought 22,024 horses in twelve years, and the average has risen from £23 to £32, the greatest increase being in 1872. Until 1870 the company always bought English horses, but since 1872 they have been compelled to go abroad, and for eighteen mouths have purchased all their horses in France. This difficulty is felt also by the " Tram" companies, which want, to use engines instead, and is said by Mr Church to have reduced the number of | working horses in London to an unprece dented extent. That the facts point to an increase in tho price of horses seems clear, I but there is as yet no proof of decrease in quantity. The demand may be overtaking the supply. Are the Hungarian horses, the short, swift, strong beasts used in Vienna, too dear for London ? The American Congress has taken a step which may be very wise, but which makes tbeir governing machine cost more than our Monarchy. They have passed a Bill raising the salary of tho President from .£5000 to -£10,000, of the Vice- President from £2500 to £5000, and of every Senator and Congressman to £1300. This makes the total expense exceod £400,000 a year, or more than tho sum actually paid for tho support of Koyalty, even if the mileage is given up, as the franking privilege has been. This last was so frightfully abused that' its abolition will appreciably affect post office revenue. The increase is pro bably wise, thongh it is doubtful whether a large salary renders members more inde pendent, or introduces a more unscrupulous class into politics. For one thing, it will assuredly tempt men of higher education to remain permanently in Congress, as if it were a fairly paid profession. The United States seem to bo intending to appropriate a part of our Alabama in demnity to the public purse, though it was altogether awarded as equivalent for private losses. A Bill which proposes not to in demnify the Insurance Companies,—those of them, at all events, which were covered by the higher rate of insurance.—has passed the Senate, and is expected to re ceive favourable consideration from the House. The argument on that Bide is very skilful. Tho American advoeato says that if the Insurance Office charged a higher rate, it was not tho loser, but those ship owners who paid the higher rate. They again probably recouped themselves by higher prices, but then the final losses fell on the public who paid the higher prices and could not recoup themselves, and the only way of compensating them is to let the Treasury take the money and spend it on their account. A very ingenious argu ment,—only that it re-introduces the claims for " indirect losses" which the Tribunal disallowed and the American Government agreed to waive. Surely if a more careful examination discloses that a part of the award was an indemnification for damages for which the United States formally agreed not to ask indemnity, they ought to return that portion of the in demnity at once. If my horse, carriage, and person had been injured in a collision and I promised to ask no indemnity for the personal injury, but it were discovered that more had been paid than would cover the injury to the horse and carriage, is it not clear I should be bound in honour to return tho surplus ? Lord Mftlmeabnry on Tfednesdoy made a great speech about the value of rabbits. Ho believed rabbits were favourite articles with the poor for the Sunday's dinner, and quoted a mass of statistics showing the popular demand for gatno. Tbo'skin dealers also skin and dress 300,000,000 of skins a year. The total value of the rabbits was about £1,500,000 a year. He be lievcd if the Game laws were abo lished wo must have a strict trespass law, that the country would be over-run every night by bands of armed marauders, and that we must add 10,000 men to the county constabulary. In o;her wards, Lord Malmesbury believes that when the Game Laws are repealed rabbits will be extermi nated, for that ib the pith of his moan over them, that consequently lands of marau ders will hunt after their ghosts, and that consequently policemen nust hunt these marauders. • Lord Grenville gently quizzed his fellow peer, admitted by a stretch- of his culinary conscience thi edible qualities of rabbits, and promised to collect official statistics of their sale. It doe3 not seem to have occurred to any peer "shut the question is not whether rabbits are nice with or with out onions, or whether rabbit skins are useful, but whether it is lair that a mono poly of land should be so used that rabbits are kept in millions at other people's ex pense. Nobody is asking for what is called the " Eepeal of the Game Laws," but for a new law authorising tenants to kill off ground game or preserre ground game, as they please. 