LITERATURE. Literary Notices. Neoclassic poet lias had his works so frequently translated into English as the tender, plaintive, and elegant author of the' Bucolics and the .¿Eneid. So numerous are English translations of the latter poem that we venture to say that the JEneid is almost as familiar to mere English scholars as are the plays of Shakespeare, or any of the British Classics. We have translations of the ÜDneid both in prose and in poetry, and in all styles in both, namely, in prose both free and literal, and in poeti'y both in blank verse and in heroic rhyme. In fact, the translations of the poem which have been published are very numerous, but, probably, are greatly exceeded in number by those which wisely or wrongly, are allowed to remain in manuscript, for the majority of Latin scholars translate the JEneid as part of their college curriculum, and generally retain the manuscript as a relic. In j fact, we may say that the Mantuan Bard has j been almost Anglicised, and, therefore, we may i presume that most readers of English litera ture are acquainted with the distinguishirig features of his works. ¡ j Mr. Christopher Pearse Cranch, who is an 1 American poet, and also a scholar of average merit, has done the iEneid into blank verse, and his work has been published recently ; thus adding another to the long list of previous translations of Virgil's great work. Mr. Crunch is a poet, and has earned some fame by. his previous writings, and this fame will be rather increased than diminished by the trans lation under notice. The poetry of it is mostly smooth, sometimes plaintive and elegant, often fiery and animated, and always sufficiently near the original to give an English reader a clear idea of the lioman poet's meaning, and yet not sufficiently literal to serve as a crib to lazy students. A quotation will show this more forcibly than wo can do by merely asserting it. The passage in the first book, describing the Royal Banquet given to iEneas and his band, is well known, and, therefore, we shall quote Mr. Orauch's translation, but first we shall give from Owgau's translation, an almost literal version of thc commencement of the passage, which will serve our readers as a standard of com parison for the merits of Mr. Cranch's version. Mr. Owgan translates : Then father ./Eneas and tho Trojan youth assemble, and guests recline on crimson coverlets. Attendants supply water tor tho hands, and dispense the bread on salvers, and lay nap kins with tho fringes clipped. Fifty maldons within, whoso Bendee is to set on the meats lu long array, and light the altars of tho Home-gods ; a hundred oth«r maidB, and so many youths ol eu nul agoto pilo tho dishes, and set on tho cups. The Tyrians also through tho festive hall, assembled numerous, bidden to reclino upon embroidered couches. They gaza astonished on the presents of ./Eneas, they gaze upon lulus, on the glowing features of tho god, und well-lelgned accents, tho robe and voil embroidered with yellow acanthus Moat ot all, the hapless Phasulotan, doomed to coming ruin, cannot S'tto lier fauoy, and kindles while Bhe looks, und ls tempted both by tho boy and his gifts. He, when ombniolng, bung upon ./Eneas' neck, and satisfied t>e warm affection of his Imagined lather, advanced to the Qii<"en. 8ho, with her «yes and her whole heart is lixed upon him, and sometimes folds him to her bosom-Dido-unconscious what dangerous deity was plotting for her mlsory. But he, heedful ot his Cyprian mother, ueglna by slow degrees to oll'aco SyohrciiR, mid essays to ocouny with living lovo, lier long-sleeping passion and unpractised heart. Tilia and thc i'omainder of the passage is thus thrown into blank verse, by Mr. Crunch : And now acas, now tho Trojan youths Assemble, and on purple couches Ile. Tho water tor their hands tho H»rvnuts bring, Ami broad from baskets, and around supply Towels with imp well shorn. Within uro seen Eifly mnWl-Morvants, who lu long array Attnnd tho hearths, and with burnt sanrMco Enlarge tho tiilliiunco of tho household gods ; A htindruil others, too, nf equal ago, Who sorrn tho dishes, and who lill tho oups, And crowds nf Tyranna also como, and throng Tho festivo rollins, invited to reclino Upon the embroidered couches. Much they admire The gilts jEneas brought ; lulus, too, Tho glowiiiß beauty ot' tho god-liko face, And simulated speech ; the doak, the veil With Baftrou-hued acanthus broidered round. But the Phoenician qupen, all dedicate To passion fraught with coming misery, With soul insatiate burns, and gazes long. Moved by tile boy and bv his gifts alike. He, having hung about iEneas' neok. Locked in a fond embrace, and tho deep love Of his false father satisfied, then seeks The queen ; sho with her eyes and all her heart dings to him,-fondleshim upon her lop; Nor knows, unhappy one, how great tho god Who presses «II her breast. He, mindful of His Àcidalian mother, by degrees Begins to abolish all the' memory Of her Syehicus, and with living love Preoccupyfthe mind long since unmoved, And unaccustomed motions of her heart. When in the fräst therp came a pause, tho pinte» Iîemoved, large bowls are set.. the wines are crowned ; The rooms are filled with noise; the spacious halls Resound with voices. From thc ceilings high O'erlaid with gold, hang lighted lamps, mid night Is vanquished by the torches' blaze. And now The queen demaiv's a bowl heavy with (rems And gold, and fills it high with unmixed wino As Ileitis did, and his descendants all. .Then silence hushed the rooms, while thus the queen : .'0 Jove-for thou, 'tis said, dost give tho laws Of guests and hosts alike-boat thy will. That this may hp a joyful day to all, Tyrians and Trojans, in remembrance held By our descendants. Bacchus, giver ot joy, Be prsBont; and propitious Juno, smile! And yon, O Tyrians, favouring, celebrate Tho meeting \" With these words sho poured upon The table a libation of the wino ; And what was left touched lightly to her lips, And, with a bantering tone, tn Bitias gave. He, not unwilling, drained the foaming bowl, And from tho full gold drenched himself with wine. Then followed other attests of lordly rank. Long-haired Iopas with his golden lyre Pours out with ringing voice what Atlas taught. He sings the wandering moon, and of the sun Tho labouring eclipses ; and of men. And cattle, and of showers, and fires of heaven ; Arcturus, and the rainy Hyades ; And the two constellations of the Bears ; And wli3' the Winter suns make haste to dip In onean, and what oauses the deluy Of slowly moving nights. The Tyrians shout, Redoubling their applause ; tho Trojans join. Thus did the unhappy queen prolong tho night With varied converse, drinking in the while Long draughts of lovo ; and much of Priam asked, And much of Hector; how equipped in arms Aurora's son hnd come ; how looked the steeds Of Dlomed ; how large Achilles stood. "Come now, my guest," she said ; "and from the first Belate to us the Grecian stratagems, And all thy'people's sad mishaps, and all Thy voyages : for now the seventh year .Bears thee still wandering over land aud sea." Our author is happy in his renderino- of the passage which describes the effects produced on the enamoured Dido by the departure of the Trojans : Bo saying, abruptly she breaks off her speech. And sick at heart, Hies from the light, and shuns HiBeyes, and leaves him hesitating much lu fear, with many tilings ho wished to say. Her maids receive and bear her fainting form Back to her marble chamber and her bed. But good JEiieas, though he muoh desires To calm and to console her In her grief With soothing word", groans bitterly, hi« heart Shaken by love for her ; -but rion« the less Prepares to execute the god's command, And to his fleet returns. ? The Trojans now Bond to their work, and all along the shore Draw their tall vessels down, till the tarred keels Aro floating. Then they bring their leafy oars, And unwrouerht timber fresh nut from the woods, Eager for flight. You might have seen them move, Hasting from every quarter ; as the ants. J When, mindful of the winter, a great heap ! Of corn they plunder, piling it away, j Across the fields the long black phalanx moves, J And through a narrow pathway in the grass I They bear their spoils ¡ some of thom push^ hurd, j Thrust on the ponderous grain ; and some drive on J The stragglers, and the loiterers chastise : j And all the pathway glows with fervent toil. j What were thy thoughts, O Dido, seeing this? What groans were thine, when from a tower's high top. Thou sa west the shores alive with hustling crowds, And the whole sea confused with clamorous cries I Acoursed power of love, what mortal hearts Dost thou not foroe to obey thee ! Once again In tears the queen muse go, and onee again Try him with prayers, and, suppliant, submit Her anger to her love, lest, dying in vain. She should leave aught untried "Anna," she said, " Seest thou how they are hastening on tho shoro. Crowding from all sides 1 Now their canvas wooei The breeze : the joyful sailors hang the sterns With garlands. Since I oould foresee this grief, 0 sister, I can bear it. Yet for me This one thing do : for this perfidious man Was in thy coulidence, his inmost thoughts Disclosed to thee ; and thou alone dost knjw Tho soft approaches, and tho seasons best For touch ¡ne him. Go, sister, speak to him, ThiB haughty enemy, witti suppliant words. 1 took no oath at Anils, with tho Greeks, To ruin the Trojans ; sent no fleet to Troy ; Nor did I desecrate Anohises' tomb, Or vex his ghost. Why dnps he turn denf ears To all my words I Whither now does ho go? To his unhappy lover let him (¡rant Only this one last favour,-that he wait Till flight be pasy, and the winds propitious. Not for tho former marriage bond, which ho Forswore, do I entreat him now,-nor yet That be forego fair Latlum and his realm. I only ask a little empty time Of respite and of space, that I may calm This wild delirium, and may'each my heart. Conquered and crushed, the lesson how tn grieve. For this lost boon I beg, willoh, granted me, I will payback, requited by my death." Those of our readers who may feel a wish to enlarge their library, by the addition of ano ther translation of this renowned work, will do well to- order Mr. Cranch's translation from their bookseller. Gerald Massey's " Tale of "Eternity, and other Poems," are written for the future, hut are adapted to please enlightened readers in the present. The " Tale of Eternity" embodies a curious conception, which, if the new psy chology, now embraced by thousands pf think ers in all parts of tho world be truo, 1S something more than au airy nothing to which the poet's brain lias given a local habitation and a name. Tho bard had often noticed th" eerie thoughts that nass through the mina during the hours of " darkness, aud on one occasion he found his dreams of the possible and the ghostly transformed into realities. Two shapes stood before him, one of which was angelic, aud the other A human face in hideous eclipse i No hiHt.ro In tho hair, no Ufo on lips ; Tho tainted; gleam ot n corpse lurid, wnn, Bhowed mo the Iviii« likeness of a man I The old soiled lining of some martial dress i " A spirit sorely stained with earthiness, This darksome shape, spoke or seemed to epeak m words which were understood by the bard : Toi I nm one of tlioso doomed souls who dwell In heaven's vast shadow wh¡< h ?ho good call Hell. Io I am the gloomy sneak who did The depd "f darkness, fancying all was hid : The awful eves hoing on mo all tho while. And devils pointing "t me with their smile. I carry such a hell within my breast, That all about me throbs with my unrest. As tho' the heavens were shaken, or rho earth Were overtaken in the throes of binti ; Doors tremble open, walls dlsinn grari.« And through tho sense the som iceops open gate I With such a pulse of power my pangs awake At midnight, that from sleep they sometimes shake youl Matter, with mind's thrilling*, doth so quake, That atoms (rom their fellow atoms start. As tho' they felt the heavo of some live heart. Mr. Massey is a believer in Spiritism, and this fact will account for the philosophy taught in the following passage, which the. reader is to consider as a continuation of the spirit s speech: Yes, lt is true, nil true, tho thinp; you dreamed ; Most real is the life that only seemed. Soul's no mere shadow that gross substance throws, Our passions are not pageantry sho TS, Exhaled from Matter liko tho cloud from Cape, They are tho life's own lasting final shape. This scheme of things with all tho sights you see, Are only pictures of the things that be. "What you call matter is but as the sheath. Shaped even as bubbles are, by spirit breath. Tho mountains aro but firmer clouds of earth, Still changing t" the breath that gave them birth. Spirit, aye, shapeth Matter int" view, As muslo wears the forms it passes through. Spirit is Lord of substance, Matter's solo First causo and forming power and final goal. The poet here attempts to turn the tables upon Dr. Tyndall. Professor Huxley, and.other philosophers of the Materialist school, who contend that spirit is derived from matter. Looking at the question from a neutral stand point, we feel inclined to regard one hypothe sis as being as tenable as the other, and both as enormously difficult. The genesis of mind we hold to be perfectly inscrutable. But, to return to our poet. The grisly shape relates in glowing and animated verse how he was once a man, had a wife, was tempted by another woman, fell into the snare, an i how his compan ion in wickedness came to him in the pangs of parturition, and encouraged him to kill the fruit of their illicit intimacy. Ho committed the fatal deed, and afterwards became a con science-stricken murderer. Finally, he died, and was then doomed by the laws of the spirit world to go through the entire performance of his crime at the same hour o± the night for ever. The description of his companion in wickedness is forcibly drawn. She was a buxom beauty ! In her way Imperious as the Thane's wife in tho play. A woman wno upon the outside smiled. Burnished like beetles Inwardly defil»d; With hair that like a thunder cloud, hlack-brightening, Caught the sunlight and dashed it back in lightning. The Devil never toyed with worthier folds. About a comelier throat to strangle souls ; . A face that dazzled you with life's white heat. Devouring as lt drew you off your feet. With eyes that set the boast of the Mood astir, Leaping in heart and liraln alive for her; . Melted tho sword of soul within its sheath : Tils knee-joints loosened, smitten by her breath Until you bowed as the strong beast öoweth. When ^ten captive by the dark of death : Lithe a^brous lips, cruel tu curve and hue, Whtoh greedy as tho grave my kisses drew With hers, that to my mouth like live things clung. Long after and in memory liercoly stung : A dainty morsel of tho Devil's meat To roll beneath my tongue ns poison sweet 1 Had not th<> mother ate forbidden food, This was the daughter among women that would. , Although Mr. Massey's rhynie occasionally halts, it is nevertheless smooth enough for all poetic purposes, and where rough its rough ness is owing to the angularity, ruggedness, and originality of the thought which it expres ses, In reading over the horrible story which our author relates, Ave cannot help exclaiming with Hamlet, "Alas, poor Ghost !" Some of the host authenticated ghost stories teach a similar doctrine respecting tho punishments Avhich both small and great criminals have to under go in the future life, so that our poet is not singular in his psychological views on this question. We Avould very strongly urge our married readers to ponder Avell what thc poet says respecting the possible fate of quarrel some married people. Our faith is capacious enough to receive his statements Avitbout questioning their authority : A wedded couple, bedded snug ns birds lu nested peace, ono night must needs have words Ot strife before Hioy slept. A foolish tiling Had on a sudden set. them bickering ; Homo wildlire wish had dront a subtle snark That kindled at a breath blown thro' the dark, And all their passion burst, in tongues of flame ; Their anger blinding eaoh to personal blume. She had bee« pillowed on lils beating heart. And In an Instant they had sprung apart I Tho arm that wound about her Ito withdrew, And night with dark divorce carno 'twixt tho two. A little thing had plunked them palm from palm ; A little thing had broke thoir happy calm ; A'[tile thing fallon in the pleasant, path V j u "^-stream, that turned to bubbling wrath ! And little might have made thom yield and cling Hopentant; yea, ii very little thing. A «mou would have Biilliccd to make Ibo stream AM fl¡eo 0,100 m°ro : dream out Its happy dream. A Kiss have fused thom Into ono again, And saved thom ninny a year ol' piteous pain. iwaa such a little tiling they had to do; iioth yearned to make it np and this both knew, iliraeoould but have said good night; searod Love would have oome down to brood Uko Holy Dove, and, being done, all would have been m well. «ot hoing dono it loft tho rift for Holl ip break thro', mid another triumph win. £rer the worst of Traitors are within ; «ut neither spoko, tho1 long upon tho wing Love waited lingeringly listening 1 '.'Wúb'ti&i;" ho heard her In hor slumbers weep, Alia then he Blept. and in tho guiso of Bleep iJDatu carno for ulm, nor gavo him time to say unod night," "good bvo," and at lils sido sho lay A widow I And upon that dark no day a¿ th broke for her. Em- him nor hell nor heaven v." "I*" : praying still to bo forgiven, w!?i i i nlBnt- ttt' »«?''' bedside ho Htiinds, "ringing his soul ns ono may wring tho hands ; «y natural law of grieved lovo ; not rout, ?u'vongeaiicoand unnatural punishment. Lot till decent married folk who, from some weakness of temper, ure liable to havo a little marital tiff iu the still hours of tho night, take warning by this story. Instead of questioning the poet's authority as sceptics and heterodox people -would feel inclined to do, let them receive his statements as gospel, and in order to avoid the fate of wandering and repentant ghosts which he so glowingly depicts, let them never quarrel, more especially at night, or if they should be so unfortunate as to have a little tiff, why, let them instantly kiss and make it up, and so be on the safe side. Mr. Massey's poems are destined to occupy a conspicuous niche amongst the British classics. 