TALES. A CHRONICLE OF THE C6tT0N COUNTRY. (COSCLHIJED.) from the corn hill magazine. Now Ram loll bad long suspected that Muneram bad bewitched his wife, and so caused her to forget her wifely duties ; tho clandestine intorviow he had interrupted in creased his mistrust and dislike an hundred fold, and he brooded over his wrongs until he began to crave for vengeance. To.accuse | him openly of witchcraft would, ho knew, bavo been dangerous in the highest degree ; for the English Government, most unreason ably as ho thought, had no sympathy for such old world superstitions ; and if" any harm should befall Muneram in consequence of such an accusation, he knew that the ma gistrates, in pursuance of an unpleasant habit they had contracted, would surely convict him of an abetment of hurt or of worse. So ho pondered deeply in his mind how he might attain his end without getting within the meaning of any of those obstructive sec tions of that prejudiced volume the Penal Code. Therefore it was that our Ram lall early one morning rose up and saddled his pony, a lean and long-suffering beast, living chiefly on air and having a pink tail, mounted thereupon and set forth across the dried-up waste to pay a visit to the Darogah, or chief of the neighboring police force, a man in whom he had confidence, as being discreet and open to conviction ; as doubt less ho had proved on many former occa sions. Being a man of some importance, a semi-nude retainer held on to the pink tail of the pony, and one ran on either side of him, holding each a leg. A portion of his way being along a new road, which had been for years in course of construction but made no progress, for the simple reason that in the cotton country the result of one season's labor, and all tho material collected for the next year's Work, literally sank down and was buried quite out of sight in tho spongy, swampy, black soil during tho rainy season. Ram lall grimly surveyed the piles of stone and metal destined to be decently interred by tho approaching rains, 'and cynically reflected that much as the English undoubtedly could do, they cer tainly could not make roads ; ho further wondered why tho tracks which, hod satisfied his forefathers should not suffice for him and his descendants : granted, indeed, that carts stuck hopelessly for weeks together in the mud, or wero smashed and jolted to pieces by tho rough, stony ravines, still, why all this unseemly hurry ? thcro was a timo for all things. And further, as ho passed the grand Serai built for the convenience of rail- .way travellers, and which was never used because it had hoen erected half ainilo from the nearest water, lie .pondered on the in scrutable ways of the evor-restless Sahibs. The Brahmins having prognosticated that April would bo a favorable marrying month, the whole country resounded day and night with the din. of horns and tom-toms, and other fcarfnl and excruciating sounds, sup posed by tho simple Hindoo to bo music, and from out of tho village of Malleghat, to which Ram lall was journeying, there issued pro fession after procession of marriage parties, .-the brides clothed in soft raiment, and mounted, cross-logged, on gaily-decorated bullocks ; tho men in crimson turbans and white raiment, and sprinkled all ovor with a red pigment, and on their necks garlands of nvil-smclling ilowors. Arrived at tho police post, where tho constable on duty was sitting on his heols doing nothing and the rost of the men were scattered about in various atti tudes assisting him to do it, and the Darogah, or chief, was assiduously cleaning his teeth with a piece of stick, and coughing, retching, and expectorating after the manner of Indians of all classes whon at their toilette— which is most exasperating to an Engish oar, and is, moreover, quite an unnecessary ceremony — our Karn lall was received with considera tion ; passing through tho trim garden, ho liccoated tho Darogah, who on his side, after a final and violent attempt to choke himself, proceeded to finish his toilette with the holp of a looking- glass tho size of lialf-a-crown, let into the lid of a powter snuff-box, and presently entertained his visitor at a light and wholesome repast of betel-nut and buffaloes' milk. Then en sued a dialogue between these two worthies,, conducted with a subtlety and power of finesse peouliar to the Oriental mind. On the one hand, Ram lall was weighing tho Darogah's dishonesty in the balance, to find out what amount of his hidden treasures would have to be expended if ho' would gain his end ; on the othor hand the Darogah strovo to probe the depth of the villony of his visitor s intentions, and by heaping dif ficulty on difficulty, to make tho host bar- gain ho could for lumself ; and with all this, probably not a word passed on oither side which could lead a third person, had there been one present, to imngino that anything unusual was in course of negotiation. Ram lall left his friend with a plan of. re venge developed in his evil old brain, and betook him homeward with a merry heart ; for he felt there was nothing to balk him if he only chose to open his purse sufficiently wide. That night, whon all his household slopt soundly, and when no sound save the bark ing of multitudinous curs and the oconsional wail of tho jackass, or now and then the more discordant notes of the barbaric music of some marriage- feast, disturbed the still ness of the night, Ram lall rose up, girt up his loins, wrapped a loose dark blanket round him, seized a heavy iron instrument and passed into the courtyard, where some three or four of his men were sleeping, each tied up securely as to his head and ears in a cloth, and snoring to that oxtent that their nnited efforts amounted to a roar, this being the customary manner in which Eastern watchmen keep guard. Stepping, ovor their bodies with impunity, for nothing short of a salvo of artillery could have awakened them, ho passed out into the lano and crept cautiously to tho back of his house, and there selecting a likely-looking spot in the mud wall, neither very thick nor very hard, he began to pick a great hole with the iron instrument in hiB band. Softly but swiftly tho old man wrought, panting and laboring heavily, but always progressing dexterously, fashioning the hole until it grew largo enough to allow a man to pass through it into tho chamber within, an outer room stored full of grain. Squeezing himself in, he knocked - the grain-baskets about, cut a great hole in the side of one, and' then crept back into the lane, panting, trembling, and guiltily listening to every night sound the breeze brought him. Next this midnight prowler stepped a few paces ttp the lane, entered tho patch : of weeds and rubbish called by his enemy Muneram a garden, and quietly buried a tin box, of which he had torn off the lid and burst the lock, under some dried leaves and refuse in a corner, threw a silk handkerchief on the ground just outside tho same garden, and then, his work over, crept back again to bed, and fell asleep in a highly contented frame of mind. Morning, at, Doongergaon, . the one cool hour of twenty-four, that before sunrise : tho village hags have commenced to raise their morning sacrifice of dust-clouds each before her respective door ; tho younger women are setting forth for the wells ; others renew tho cabalistic markings on tho thresholds and lintels-of the door, whereby evil spirits are defied ; the cattle are flocking out of their houses (for they not infrequently lodgo under tho same roof and go in and out by the same door as their owners) and take the road to their dry and barren pasturage ; tho kochu bird, earliest of "risers, -beguis to practico his scales -f the last cry of the last pack of jackals is faintly hoard in tile' distance, as the crea tures get them away to' their caves and dens ; and in all the streets the sound of grinding is beard; all the village, excopt the customers of the opium-shop yonder, are awake, and stirring. .., Soon arises a grand hubbub from the vicinity of Ram lall Detail's domain ; . a, ter rible chorus of harsh voiscs is . rising up in lamentation, for tho cowherd who was first abroad has brought in the news that the houso has been broken into ; out forthwith rushes the worthy Ram lall, with anguish and surprise dopictod on his countenance, and a delighted crowd quickly collects ; all tho men shout and talk to other men long distances off at the top of their voices, and all tho woman Bcold and screech, and the little nuked children tumble about, and they all thoroughly enjoy them selves. An Indian crowd, whatever' tho cause which has attracted it, seldom does anything beyond shouting. For instance, on the occasion of a destructive fire, which is snapping up their houses wholesale, no one ever saw these simple creatures lend a hand to save their toasting grandmothers or their goods and chattels from the flames; they prefer to stand about, and use their lungs instead of their hands.. Ram lull, with noisy following, wandered disconso lately about, until, chancing to pass the door Of - the wind's house, the handkerchief -.was perceived lying on the ground, and it .was instantly remarked that Muneram had not joined tho crowd. 'Enough — it was all quito clear— it was tho work of Muneram or tho devil, tho terms being almost synonymous. Then up rose Ram lall, and bade his watch man gird up his loins and run to_ fetch tho polico ; ana that functionary, tying a dirty rag round his head and seizing his staff of office,' sped away across tho plain. The crowd withdraws from the neighborhood of the wizard's houso, and awaits the arrival of the police with intense interest. Come what might, there was at least a chance of getting temporarily rid, of thoir tormentor. After a. while the polico arrive in proces sion.; first comes the" chief officer in a braided coat, with trousers wrinkled up to his; knees, and his, bare feet thrust into ammunition boots, astride a very small lean pony, his head being wrapped up in a hand kerchief, and an immense yellow umbrella over all. After him come his men, in various stages of undress, their batons in their hands, and a determination to distin guish themselves depicted on thoir faces. The chief officer, being a considerable per sonage, was nt once stayed with plaintains and comforted with pan, and then Ram lall told liis tale ; how that ho had slept an inno cent sleep in the bosom of his family, and awoke to find himself ruined and beggared, his long storod-up wealth of jewels ana cash gone, and, worst of all, suspicions rested on the man he. had so long protected. He wished to dostroy no man's houso nor to blacken any man's faco ; lie, Ram lall, was a man who said nbthing to anybody, who had never been known to injure or quarrel with anybody, but it seemed that the snake he had cherished had stung him. _ And n the people sitting abouthim on their heels mur mured their approval of thoir Patail's elo quence. AU this time thereJiad beon a great up roar going on within doors, much shrill jar ring of women's tongues, loud bursts of pas sionate abuse. Many times that morning had the poor girl, who was the causo of ail this fuss, threatened to hang herself, or to poison hersolf, and twice had she rushod forth to the great opon well, there to end her sorrows, but oach time the hags within restrained her. She believed no word of the theft, or tho suspicion resting on her lover, not she ; she bitterly mistrusted her wily master, and fully determined to interfere to sako hor lover if slio could find tho means so to do. So sho scolded, and sulked, and scolded again after the manner of her spcoics, and behaved herself like a very termagant. The police officers then commenced their usual oeremonics ; tho chief officer, after a minute and deliberate inspection of tho pre mises, 'announced to the admiring crowd that, in his "opinion, tho house had certainly been broken into ; for, argued he, there can be no reasonable doubt that a liolo has beon made in the wall. - Tho premises of Mune ram, reputed wizard, wero then' searched, the broken box found in tho garden, and tho innocent Muneram was at onco hustled off in custody to the Patail's courtyard, in spito of his protestations and cries and the tears and lamentations of his brother and little sister. _ The. customary examination of witnesses having been gouo through, and ovcry wit ness as usual having denied all knowledge of everybody, everything, and every place undor tho sun, and having Bworn that they wero people who never loft home, and novor spoke to anybody during their natural lives, Ram lall rose and thus addressed the moot ing " My friends, it is very nccesssry that in a case of this kind nothing bo dono in a liurry. Yon talk of witchcraft in tho village, and indeed tliero has been much sick ness of late' ; our children have been dying, our cattle falling by dozens, somoof our best wells turned brackish, and now I have been robbed of the savings of many years : money indeed which I had sot aside to build a temple to the god Gnnesh with. AVhothcr this bo witchcraft or no I cannot tell, but this I know, that I am a just man, and un less there ho certain proof I hopo to seo tliiH prisoner set at liberty. Go now, all of you, the heat of the day is coming on, tho polico liecd.quiot and repose in inquiring into such a case as this. Como again when tho sun is a hand's breadth from his setting and you shall know the result." When tho assombly had dispersed, Ram lall took asido the chief officer, and said to him, " Brothor, I must get rid of this fellow somehow; ho 'must bo arrested, disgraced, driven out of the village. Curse him 1 and the mother that boro him ; this charge can and must be proved." Said the cliiof officer to him in reply, "I tell you, Ram loll, it won't do ; if this goos up to tho magistrate we shall f ho smashed. I m a family man, and a risk of this sort don't suit mo — unless, indeed, I am paid well to, undortako it. If, indeed, the pri soner would confess to the robbory, we might have grounds to detain him ; but the truth is, Ram lall, you were out walking last night, and you were seen coming from the direction of the prisoner's house. If I am to work this, I must bo paid, Ram lall." The chief officer merely said this on speculation, to tighten his hold upon Ram lall's money-bags, and no entreaties or threats . on tho letter's part could induce him .to say a word as to his informant. " Pay me and you are safe," was all his answer. Aftor much haggling it was decided that Ram lall wail to pay Him 2000 rupees to work the case, half in advance, half when a conviction was obtained, and further, a sum of 100 rupees to each of the policemen concerned, to keep them quiet, and as much for hire of witnesses as might bo hereafter demanded. These arrangements thus pleasantly con cluded, they called for the wretched victim of this vile conspirary, who all this while had boon standing hand cuffed in tho court- yard, with a rope fastened to his arm, his clothos torn and his once gay turban mud-bespattered, under the burning sun, sullen, dogged and silent. He made no entreaty now, no cry for mercy 'passed his lips ; he knew ho had fallen into a snare, and he swore to himself that no entreaty of his should increase the revengeful triumph of his enomy. There was no chivalrous thought in his broast of suffering himself in silence to screen her in the house yonder from shame or punishment ; tho thoughts of our native brethren are not as our thoughts on such mattors ; their innor life is as far from ours as the east from the west. . His sullen obstinacy angered the old mnn, and whou asked at length ho raised his manacled hands to hoaven, and called upon his gods to say whether he was a guilty man or not. Ram lall turned and said bitterly to the police officer : — " Take him into that out house yonder and show him a littlo of your police procedure." Two of tho policemen en tered followed by thoir officer, and Bhut tho door upon themsclveB and their victim. Rom lall, who fully appreciated' tho meaning of that threat of showing a prisoner a little police procedure, waited outside listening for the sounds he knew would come, and which did come— the first fruits to him of his dearly purchased revenge". Those sounds came, but no groan of pain, no cry for meroy. He listened intently, and heard a scuffling of feet, a rapid whispering, and all was still. He waited on impatiently; minute after minute, still the fatal door did not open. What devil's work was in progress within ? Suddenly the door was opened an inch of two, and tho chief polico officer, with bare head, ghastly yellow face, and terrified eyes, beckoned him in, and shut the door quickly after him. Ram lall peered about in the dark room until, in a corner, he discovered his victim lying dead. This had been the rosult, then, of allowing him their procedure, or, in plain words, of attempting to make tho man confess to a crime he had not committed. The conchies, with the sweat pouring like rmndoEfe'cir faces, and the gallows vi- vidlybeforethem, stood trembling with abject terror at tho deed they had done. Then tho Darogah, throwing his turban at tho feet of Ram lall, ' besought him, saying, "Oh, Fatail, you are our father, our mo ther, and all our kindred, we know nono but von ; we have done this thing in serving you, and. yon must save our necks. If we hang, yon must most certainly hang too ; so; in saving our neeks, save your own also. You must pay us and pay others, but pay ment will not do all things. We did not mean to kill the man — we morcly pressed him to answer some questions, and ho died in our hands ; hut you are our king and mas ter, yon must and can save us." Thus hav ing spoken, and aftor covering up the body with wood and straw, the four guilty ones crept out of the room, and shutting the door, took council together how to dispose of the body. In the meantime a sentry was placed over tho door on tho outside, to make it ap parent to all comers that tho prisoner was within, and «1bo to keep all intruders on the dreadful secret inside from entering in. It was agreed that at night the body should ho thrown into tho great well at the back of the house, and it should be given out in the morning that tho prisoner . had escaped. When the body came to the surface again it would , be apparent that, in. remorse and despair, ho . had committed suicide. .Thus settled,' Ram- lall re-entered his abode to face the inmates there, and one of them in particular, with a very troubled hoart in deed. The long hot hours passed wearily away, and at last the fierce hot wind, tired of its. boisterous blowing, died away ; the hour of lamp-lighting drew near, the gossipB gathered round the house, and, sitting on thoir heels, condoled with Ram lall on the loss of his property, complimented the police on thoir skill, and cursed tho culprit for a wizard and a thief ; for it was givon out that tho prisonor had confessed to tho theft, and was to be taken to tho station-house early next morning ; and when it was told them that ho had endeavored to connect other and respectable, persons with tlie caso, the curses against him were redoubled. . The evening grew on to night, the soft clear Indian summer night, the villagers de parted one by ono, and soon only the accustomed night sounds broke the still ness. In the second watch of tho night tho great wooden gate of tho Patail's courtyard was softly oponed, and Ram lall himself, with' the same stealthy tread as that he had on tho previous night gone forth on his evil errand, stepped forth into tho road, gazed and listened, held his breath and listened, then beckoned with Jiis hand,- and there issued out of tho gate threo men bearing something having tho similitude of a human body. With rapid silent steps, without a word or a wliispor, they passed like ghosts in the gloom ; soon a splash broko for an instant the silence of tho night, and four figures re passed with guilty footsteps through tho gateway, and once again tho great doors were softly shut. Long before dawn there came the pri soner's brother and little sister to the gate, knocking and asking to be allowed to ac company thoir brother ; immediately there was no small stir .within, and the newB went forth that tho prisoner had fled ; for the police in their. tondor mercy towards him had loosened his handcuffs that he might sleep the easier. There was no doubt of his guilt. But his brothor seemed to havo stranco doubts and fears, and hung about Ram lall all day, asking for his brother, cry ing to him to deliver up his brother. Then said Ram lall : " How ! do you say that I have got your brother ?" " Ayo.l" said the yonng man, " you havo killed him, and Bugwunt (God) knows it." Then Ram lall, in consultation with his friend the polico officer, whoso men had of. courso gono to hunt up tho escaped prisoner, drow the young man "into a shed, and, having gagged him, hung him by one arm to a lofty beam, and. left him, saying, "remember, I am master here; say again what you have just said and tho rope shall go round your neck instead of your arm." The crowning incidents in this village tragedy had yet to be enacted. Two days passed away, throughout which tho Patail's young wifo had, after tho impulsive fashion of her race, mourned her lost lovor, and called for vengeance on her hated husband. Early on the morning of the third day, when the first faint blush of dawn reddened the sky, tho girl arose and wandered out to wards that great well she had visited onco or twice beforo. Her heart was sore within her, and she had determined that sho would run away from the cruel old tyrant who owned hor, and seek elsewhere for tho lover she had lost. When sho reached the well sho sat down on tho low parapet which sur rounded it, and looked down into the depths of tho cool black water which had so often fascinated her beforo. As sho gazed tho old thoughts catno back again to her, and sho began to wonder how it would be with hor if Bhe wore -lying still and dead down below. Suddenly it seemed to her that , tho still wators grew troubled and trembled, and in a moment there roso up, as though to meet and claim her, from their dark depths, with arms npraised and joined hands uplifted, as though praying to her for vengeance on his .dostroyer, tlio dead body of her lover. The waters had given up their dead ; their terri ble secrot was disclosed. With a wild cry the girl startod to her feet, staggered forward and foil heavily into the weu ; her lover's grave became her grave too. There is littlo need to dwoll on tho closing scenes pf this sail story. Enough to say that, by dint of sowing money broadcast, Ram lall managed to hush tho matter up. Inquosts wore held on the bodies, vordicts of suicide returned, and after a while the. story began to be forgotten. It was not until six months had elapsed that Muneram's brother plucked up courage to go in and tell his story to the officials of the district, and then at last tho whole affair oozed out. Witnesses whose lips had beon hitherto closed from dread of the all-powerful Ram lall camo forward ; the policcmon confessed their share in that wicked night's work; and all concerned were brought to trial, and received tho punish ment they had so jnstly merited. 