GUNDAROO. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] Court of Petty Sessions. The usual Court of Petty Sessions was held here on the 27th inst. Messrs. J. Styles and A. Affleck occupied the bench. John Mara summoned C. A. Mussay for balance of wages due to him as shepherd. De- fendant pleaded not indebted. The plaintiff was then sworn, and deposed that he hired on the 1st February for twelve months at the rate of £35 per annum, and a ration and a half, and that the sheep were taken from him on the 16th of this month ; he asked for his wages and got a cheque for £7 6s.; he had previously asked several times for his account, but could not get it; he took the cheque for £7 6s., and never demanded any balance of wages, but summoned for the balance. Mr. Massy stated that he agreed to give £25 per annum and one and a-half ration; he paid him £7 6s., and now handed in to the bench an account due to him by plaintiff, which made up the full amount of wages due; the plaintiff had never asked him for his account. Case dismissed, the bench remarking it was a hard case against Mr. Massy to be summoned for what he did not owe, as was shown by the account handed in and not disputed by the plain- tiff. The information stated that the defendant "neglected and refused to pay," when it was admitted that he had never been asked to pay. The next case was C. A. Massy v. Edwin Blakey. This was for £4 4s., value of two rams which were found drowned in the river. Mr. Fraser was called by Mr. Massy, and deposed that he found a ram in the river drowned, and that it did not belong to him, nor was it one of the rams that usually run with his pet sheep. Mr. Massy stated that the rams drowned were those he sold at £2 2s. each, and he now sought to recover their value. The bench thought the case proved so far as the ram sworn to by Mr. Fraser was concerned, and gave a verdict accordingly with costs, together £2 5s. 6d. Another case, same v. same, was withdrawn, in consideration of the defendant paying costs of court. A petition was sent to the Government nearly two months ago, requesting the erection of a court-house at Gundaroo, the receipt of which has not yet been acknowledged; but as the assembling of Parliament is close at hand we will, when it meets, no doubt, learn whether it was received by the Minister or not. At the present time, the court-house that is is a disgrace to the colony. I need not occupy your space with a description of it, but I may state that at or near the window, if it can be called such, is a dead calf, and the smell that entered the court room during the hearing of the above cases certainly did not add to the pleasantness of the proceedings. Had Mr. Parkes or Mr. Suther- land visited Gundaroo, and under a similar state of circumstances given an address in the Gun- daroo court-house, wo would, I doubt not, have a new and more pleasant one before long. Mr. Whiteside has paid us a visit for the purpose of reporting on the road between here and Queanbeyan being made a main road from the railway at Gunning to Monaro. I suppose we will soon know what is to be the result of the inspection. Mr. Edgar has given up all idea of opening the two half-time schools at Sutton and Gun- daroo, so that for the present at least they will remain closed, as they have done for some months past. There is really nothing of importance going on just now, and business is not very brisk. THE LAW OF THE ROAD.— The pleasant change which has taken place in the weather has led to many ladies devoting their leisure time during the day to short trips in buggies driven by themselves, and we are sorry to be so apparently ungallant as to have to remind them that there is considerable danger in not remembering their proper side of the road when meeting or passing other vehicles. A serious complaint of this description has been made to us, with a request to publicly give the above hint. On the occasion referred to, several young ladies were in a buggy, the horse in which was driven by one of themselves, and they raced past, on the wrong side of course, another similar vehicle, also occupied by a lady, and in which was a high tempered horse. The lead thus obtained was kept for a short distance, but the driver of the other buggy found it impossible to keep in the rear, and on approaching the one in front, its young lady-driver resolutely barred the passage, and an accident was with difficulty avoided. Should a mishap occur, or any damage to a vehicle arise from a collision from either of the causes stated, the offending party will be legally responsible, and young lady- drivers might do worse than fix this fact in their memories, or paterfamilies may be required some day to day heavy damages. FOND OF MUTTON.—On last Sundny night the carcass of a sheep, minus a rear leg, which was hung up at the rear of the promises occupied by Messrs. D. Davis and Son, in Cooma-street, was carried off by some hungry thief. A suspicion exists as to the guilty party, but it is very im- probable that sufficient proof can be obtained to secure a conviction. THE HALF-HOLIDAY MOVEMENT IN YASS.—In compliance with a requisition which appears in another column, the Mayor (Mr. Cottrell) has called a public meeting, with a view to forward- ing the object of the recently formeed Half- Holiday Association. The meeting is to take place at the Court-house this evening, and ladies are invited to attend. DOG POISONING.—A great many complaints have recently reached us of valuable dogs having been destroyed by poison recklessly laid in baits in or near to the town. If poison can legally be in- discrimately distributed on land adjoining the boundaries of a well-populated town, the sooner some restriction is placed upon the practice the bettor it will be for the inhabitants. We are told, but do not vouch for the truth of the state- ment, that dead carcasses of sheep, over which poison has been scattered, may be seen quite close to the roadside on the Douro estate, and if so, surely some greater protection is required to prevent the encroachtment of frollicking dogs on the interdicted ground than a two-wire fence. The Municipal Council will this afternoon be engaged in the consideration of their proposed by-laws. Perhaps they may deem it worthy of consideration whether- a heavy penalty should not be incurred by placing poisoned baits on land within the boundaries of the Municipality. FRAUDULENT INSOLVENCY.—James Price Owen, formerly a publican in Sydney, arrived in Yass by the Gundagai mail on Wednesday last in custody of the police, having, we understand, been arrested on a warrant in which he is charged with having, before the sequestration of his estate, concealed a portion thereof to the value of over 10s., with intent to defraud his creditors. OBTAINING BOARD AND LODGING AT THE EX- PENSE OF THE STATE.—On Tuesday evening last, an elderly man, who had the appearance of having lived a very debauched life, applied to Mr. E. M. Brown, tailor, for employment, re- presenting himself as a tailor by trade. His ap- plication was refused, and on his making his exit from the premises he picked up a good- sized stone and throw it with considerable force through the shop window, nearly striking Mr. Brown while sitting at his work. The latter rushed out, seized the fellow, and finding that a constable was nowhere to be seen (a very usual circumstance when the services of such is re- quired), he conveyed his prisoner to the lockup, where he gave him into the custody of the officer in charge. It turned out that the offender, who states his name to be James Cowan, had wilfully broken the glass, with a view to obtain board and lodging in the gaol, and the reason assigned to the bench was that he was starving and un- able to procure work at his trade. He was sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. EVERTON MERINO RAMS.—In our advertising columns it will be noticed that Mr. A. H. Hume, of Everton, near Burrowa, announces that this year he has nine hundred of his well-known and highly-valued rams for sale. Mr. Hume's reputa- tion as a breeder of prize- taking sheep, and the numerous medals and cups and certificates he has carried off in wool competitions in the metropolis and elsewhere, renders the announcement referred to one of importance to owners of flocks in this and neighbouring districts. CLOSING A ROAD.—The settlers on the Mur- rumbidgee River, who have for several years been in the habit of using the road across the flat at Good Hope, which has been recently closed, and a detour on hilly ground rendered necessary, have resolved to hold a meeting at Mr. Flanagan's resi- dence next Monday, with a view to concerting steps for securing the re- opening of the road. TO LEASES OF MINERAL LANDS.— It is notified that persons tendering money to the Treasury, in payment of rents for mineral lands, will be required to furnish the "numbers" of the selec- tions or leases to which such payments are in tended to apply. Payments will not be accepted unless this information be furnished. CELEBRATION OF MARRIAGES.—The undermen- tioned officiating ministers have been registered for the celebration of marriages:—Church of England— (Diocese of Goulburn)—The Reverend Cuthbert Fetherstonhaugh, Uruna and Jerilderie, Deniliquin; the Reverend Jonathan Evans, Albury. Wesleyan Methodist Church—The Reverend John Meek, Grenfell, Burrowa. WITHDRAWAL FROM TEMPORARY COMMON AT ADE- LONG.—The undermentioned portions of land have been withdrawn from the temporary com- monage at Adelong, for sale in right of improve- ments, namely, portions 384 to 387, 389 to 397, 399 and 100, each containing two acres; portion 388, containing 34½ perches; portion 398, con- taining one acre and two perches, and portion 101, containing one acre and twenty-five perches — parish of Adelong, county of Wynyard. TENDER ACCEPTED.—The tender of Mr. Samuel Bates, of Yass for the erection of a court-house and lockup at Gunning has been accepted by the Government. WITHDRAWAL OF LAND FROM SALE.— The under- mentioned portion of land advertised for sale as the Police Office, Wagga Wagga, on the 8th proximo, has been withdrawn from sale, namely : Lot F, portion 9, county of Clarendon, parish of South Junee. APPROVED AURIFEROUS LEASES.— The applica- tions for leases of auriferous tracts enumerated in the undermentioned schedule have been approved by his Excellency the Governor and the Executive Council, and leases for the same will be issued as soon as practicable, the rents for which will be payable from the 1st instant:—Southern Gold District.—John White and 4 others, Eaglehawk Reef, Adelong, quartz, 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £5; Jas. Hodgson and 3 others, Caledonia Reef, Adelong, quartz, 8 acres, rent £8, survey fee £2 ; Hy. Copeland, Reserved Square, Adelong, quartz, 9 acres, rent £9, suryey fee £2 ; Richard White and another, near Donkey Hill, Adelong, quartz, 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2 ; J. W. Ashworth, Victoria Reef, Adelong, quartz, 4 acres, rent £4, survey fee £2 ; Ware Copeland. Water Reserve, Adelong, quartz, 8 acres, rent £8. survey fee £2 ; Robert Hopson and 3 others, Sharp's Creek, Adelong, Creek-bed, 200 yds., rent £2. survey fee £2 ; John Johnson and 3 others, Gib- raltar Reef, Adelong, quartz, 15 acres, rent £15. survey fee £2 10s. ; John White and 2 others. Yankee Reef, near Adelong, quartz. 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2; E. Vickery, Victoria Reef, Adelong, quartz, 10 acres, rent £10 survey fee £2 ; John Calloway and another, Mudhole Creek, Upper Gilmore, alluvial, 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2 ; Samuel Hodge and 7 others, Donkey Hill, Adelong, quartz. 10 acres, rent £10. survey fee £2 ; W. Workman and another, Upper Gilmore, alluvial, 2 acres, rent £2, survey fee £2 ; Job Adams and 3 others, Davis's Creek, Adelong quartz, 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2; John Ross and 8 others, Spring Creek, Burrangong, quartz, 4 acres, rent £1, survey fee £2; Peter Crane, Chance Gully, Burrangong, quartz, 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2 ; William Williams, sen., Currajong Reef, Adelong, quartz, 4 acres, rent £1, survey fee £2 ; John Hawkins and 4 others, Church Hill, Adelong, quartz, 3 acres, rent £3, survey fee £2 ; Willm. Fitzgerald, Copper Reef, Lac-ma-lac. quartz. 5 acres, rent £5, survey fee £2 ; John H. Cassidy and 7 others, Green's Reef, Lac-ma-lac. quartz. 10 acres, rent £10, survey fee £2 ; H. McLeod and 3 others. Green's Reef, Lac-ma-lac, quartz, 3 acres, rent £3, survey fee £2 ; Stephen Halloran and 5 others, Green's reef, Lac-ma-lac, ½ acres, rent £1. survey fee £2 ; Richard Pote and 3 others, Jones's Creek, Gundagai, quartz. 5 acres, rent £5, survey fee £2 ; John Fyfe and 7 others, Stony Creek. Gundagai, quartz. 3 acres, rent £5. survey fee £2 ; Thomas Ward and 2 others, Jones's Creek, Gun- dagai, quartz, 4 acres, rent £4, survey fee £2 ; Thomas Hazel and 5 others, Bongongolong Creek, Gundagai, quartz, 7 acres, rent £7, survey fee £2 ; John Hazel and 3 others, Bongongolong Creek, Gundagai, quartz. 4 acres, rent £ 1. survey fee £2 ; Joseph Argaet, Stony Creek, Gundagai, quartz, 6 acres, rent £0, survey fee £2. INSOLVENCY.—James Richard Webber, of Guy's Creek, near Queanbeyan, labourer. Cause of sequestration : Sickness, want of employment, &c.; Liabilities, £153 0s. 4d. Assets, £4 10s. Deficiency, £148 10s. 4d. Official assignee, Mr. F. T. Humphery. ADELONG.—The undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed trustees of the land at Adelong, dedicated for a public library:— Messrs. James Burleigh Sharp, David Wilson, J, P., Donald Murchison, and Andrew Smith. THE EMBEZZLER WARDILL.—The Daily Tele- graph of Monday states that the defaulter R. W. Wardill is still missing, and up to a late hour on Sunday night nothing was known as to his where- abouts. A rumour was afloat that he had escaped to America, but there is but little reason to be- lieve that it is a fact, as the ships leaving the port during the past week have been vigilantly watched by the police. SALE OF PROPERTY.— On Monday last Mr. G. A. Elliot submitted to auction the Junee Hotel and freehold property attached. The bid- dings were spirited, and the property ultimately fell to Mr. Dacey for the sum of £1450. — Wagga Wagga Express. THE MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY.—A special meeting of the members of the Mutual Provident Society, for the consideration of the directors' re- port, was held on Tuesday last at the offices, Pitt- street, Sydney. After some discussion, the report was unanimously adopted, and the meeting ad- journed until Wednesday afternoon, when certain propositions contained in the by-laws submitted by the directors will be discussed.—S. M. Herald. DARING ROBBERY IN GEORGE-STREET, SYDNEY.— A robbery of a most daring character was per- petrated, it is supposed, between Saturday night and Sunday morning, on the premises of Mr. Joseph Bullard, clothier and men's mercer, George-street. It appears that Mr. Bullard, on leaving for home on Saturday night late, made everything secure, but on returning to business on Monday morning it was evident that the place had been broken into, and upon making a search, it was discovered that that thieves, of whom there appeared to have been two, had effected an en- trance by wrenching the bolts from a door at the rear. Once entered, the depredators appear to have gone to work in a most scientific manner, casting off their old garments, which had the appearance of belonging to the "tramp" species, and then ransacking drawers, chests, and every conceivable place, with the idea of coming across a more portable article in the shape of money; but not successful in this, they then set to work in making up evidently two bundles, of the most costly materials, such as Crimean and white shirts of the best workmanship, paget coats of the latest fashion, jewellery, consisting of breast pins, sleeve links, and other "nic- nacs," and then took their departure, unseen and unheard. The loss is estimated at about £150. The left- off garments are in the possession of the police. —Evening News. [By telegram we learn that one of the robbers has been appreheded, and a quantity of the stolen properly recovered. EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES CONNECTED WITH AN ASSAULT CASE.—The following extraordinary story is related by the Inglewood Advertiser.— "We have been informed of an almost murder- ous assault, attended by a singular train of cir- cumstances leading up to the time of the assault being committed. It appears that some months ago two men living in a tenement at Burke's flat, had a dispute on some question, the out- come of which was that they agreed never to speak to each other again, while, at the same time, they decided that both should still live in the same place, and to prevent any further dis- pute as to space, a notch was cut in the middle of the fireplace, which was situated at one end of the room, and an imaginery line leading from the middle of the fireplace to the opposite end of the hut was to separate the space allotted to each man. In this way they lived for several months, as stated, neither speaking to the other nor invading each other's territory, and each man using only half the fireplace, until the other morning, when one of them, while comb- ing his hair, put his head past the boundary, where upon the other man, who was getting his breakfast, caught up a stick to repel the invasion ; but the invader was too quick for him, and, snatching away the stick from the man who was about to strike, belaboured him with the weapon in such a brutal and unmerciful manner as to break several of the unfortunate fellow's ribs, and nearly kill him. On Saturday last, the wounded man was brought in to the hospital, where he is now receiving every attention." MURDER ON THE ORANGE ROAD.— The Free Press states that the Bathurst police have been unremitting in their endeavour to discover ad- ditional facts that may tend to place the murder of James Muggeridge beyond the possibility of a doubt, and within the last few days they have succeeded in finding other portions of human remains in the locality in which those were found upon which the inquest was held. Senior- sergeant Garvan, sergeant Carroll, and the black tracker, on Thursday last, were searching in the vicinity of Vittoria, when they came across a number of charred human bones, two trousers buttons, and a pocket knife ; some of these pieces of charred bones are large, and all of them bear marks of having been cut or chopped. The knife, which is of a large size, has two blades, but the bone or plated handle has been burnt off, the rivets and the iron sides only remaining together with a heart-shaped plate. There were no remains of a fire where those last bones and other articles were found, and at the time of the inquest it was observed that there were very few cinders on the ground where the camp fires had been, the ground presenting the appearance of having been scraped. The remains were brought into Bathurst on Thursday evening by senior- sergeant Garvan and sergeant Carroll, and ex- amined by Dr. Morgan, who states that they are human bones of the same kind as those produced at the inquest. It appears that the bones last found must have been taken from the camp fire on a shovel or a piece of bark, carried some dis- tance, and then scattered in the high grass; there were no traces of fire where these bones were found, merely some charcoal cinders, and this may account for so few cinders being found at the camp fire. The bones brought into town on Thursday last were found in the bush, forty yards south of the camp fire. AN EVASION OF TOLL.— Not a bad story is told in town of how an astute financier of about nine summers got the better of the Bridge Company's janitor to the extent of twopence. He had been sent to the north side of the river upon a message with two companions, more youthful still, and was duly furnished with sixpence. But Satan, in the form of nuts, tempted him in Fitzmaurice-street, and twopence was invested forthwith. Upon his arrival at the bridge he exerted all his diplomacy to induce the tollkeeper to allow the three to cross for fourpence, but Cerberus was inexorable. After a short argument, therefore, the youngster abandoned persuasion for strategy, and quietly dolling his coat, took one of his companions upon his shoulders, and carried him over in triumph. The tollkeeper gazed pensively after the trio, and mentally acknowledged that the young hopeful was master of the situation.—Wagga Wagga Ex- press. FATALITY AMONG SHEEP.—We hear that the fatality among sheep just now in the neighbouring district of Queanbeyan is very great. One pro- prietor has drawn out of one paddock as many as a thousand skins at a time. The sheep in this district are bad enough, but we have not heard of any such losses as this. It is apparent that the country about here is very unsuitable after a series of wet seasons for fine sheep, whatever it may be for the coarse breeds.— Braidwood Dispatch. HARD UPON THE LIQUOR TRADE.— Mr. Fox, the New Zealand statesman, thus recently vented his extreme teetotal notions:—"Was there," he asked the N. Z. senators, "a Christian Church in the country among whose office-bearers a publican would be admitted ? Would any father apprentice his son to a publican? He thought the publicans should be made to feel that there was a ban set upon them. The bill did not go far enough; he could recognise no distinction be- tween the position of the merchant who supplied the liquor and the publican himself." THE BOY DIFFICULTY SETTLED.— The Central Australian thus disposes of a hacknied ques- tion: —"Messieurs the editors of the Colonial Press don't bother your brains about what we are going to do for our boys. They'll come out all right, there's nothing to be feared about that. Give them a fair schooling, instil into them a liberal allowance of morality, teach them how not to be imposed upon by humbugs, prohibit them from becoming volunteers, learn them to ride a horse without stirrups and to thrash any black guard that calls them out of their name or insults a girl, and the time will come when these colo- nial cornstalks will grow into men with a good deal of first-class material in them, and are likely to take precious little nonsense from anyone. The question they will very soon be asking is— 'What shall we do with our mammies and dads, and other elderly cripples?' To be sure how they will laugh years hence when some old news- paper's leading articles are shown to them com- mencing with—'What shall we do with our boys?' " THE HOTHAM MURDER.— The trial of Elizabeth Shannon for the Hotham murder took place on Saturday, at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, before his Honor Mr. Justice Fellows. The evi- dence given at previous investigations was re- peated, and in addition the answers the woman wrote to questions put to her soon after admission to the hospital. These seemed to point clearly to her guilt. The jury retired at about half-past six o'clock, and at nine o'clock were sent for by his honor. They said they were agreed as to the prisoner's guilt, but three jurors had doubts as to her sanity. His honor declined to take the verdict in that form, and locked them up till nearly twelve o'clock, at which time the jury could come to no further agreement, and were discharged.— Daily Telegraph. A SMALL AUDIENCE.—Mr. Chapman, at his re- cent re-election, consequent upon his acceptance of office as Treasurer of Tasmania, had an audience of one—and that one the returning-officer. Mr. Chapman, however, observed all the formalities usual on such occasions. He made a speech to an invisible audience, moved, seconded, and carried a vote of thanks to the returning-officer, all by him- self, and concluded by inviting the returning-officer to join with him not in "liquoring up," but in giving three cheers for the Queen. Viewed from a distance these proceedings must have appeared rather singular, if not comical. Fancy two sober- looking elderly gentlemen locating themselves be- fore a public building, bowing and scraping and gesticulating to each other, and then excitedly tossing their hats in the air and giving three cheers. To a stranger then certainly would sug- gest the idea that the New Norfolk Asylum was minus a couple of patients.—Launceston Examiner. THE MURDER OF CAPTAIN WITHECOMBE.—The Adelaide Observer of the 16th instant contains a full report of the trial, on the 14th, of Joseph Adams, aged 18 years, Thomas McLean, aged 21, William Edgar, aged 23, and Benjamin Reb- beck, aged 22, for the wilful murder of Charles Alfred Withecombe on board the barque Tongey, at Port Adelaide, on the 20th day of July. The prisoners severally pleaded not guilty in firm decisive tones. The jury returned the following verdict:—Joseph Adams and Thomas McLean, guilty of wilful murder, with a recommendation to mercy on the ground of the youth of the pri- soners, and that they had received considerable provocation ; William Edgar and Benjamin Rebbeck not guilty, as the jury considered they were not aware of the unlawful intentions of the other two prisoners.—His Honor said that of course he had no power to act upon the recom- mendation of the jury, his duty being simply to award the only sentence fixed as the punishment for murder; but he would see that representa- tions were made in the proper quarter, and doubtless the recommendation, taken in con- junction with the circumstances, would receive due consideration. Addressing Edgar and Reb- beck, his Honor said they were now discharged from the fearful penalty impending over them, and he trusted that the awful position in which they had found themselves placed would prevent in future their committing acts which resulted in their being mixed up in a case of such solemn importance as the one now concluded. Rebbeck and Edgar then warmly shook hands with their two unfortunate comrades and left the dock. When asked why sentence should not be passed upon them, both Adams and McLean protested they were not guilty of wilful murder. The prisoner McLean said that the doctor's evidence was that if the captain had been kicked there would have been external marks of violence. He concluded by saying—"I never intended to kill him, as God is my judge, and I can say no more." The prisoner Adams—"I am not guilty. I never intended to kill him. He was like a father to me; but it is too late now." Through- out the whole trial all four of the accused had maintained a tolerably composed aspect; but after the verdict had been announced both Adams and McLean appeared powerfully affected. His Honor, addressing the prisoners, said they had been found guilty of the wilful murder of Charles Alfred Withcombe. Of course their intentions in administering the blows were beyond human fathoming, but certainly a strong chain of evidence had been submitted by the Crown. The recommendation of the jury would be laid before the proper tribunal, and his duty now was to award them the punishment of their crime. His Honor then delivered the sentence of the Court as follows:—"You will be hanged by the neck until you are dead, and then buried within the precincts of the gaol, and may God have mercy upon your souls." The prisoners were then re- moved, Adams protesting that they were strangers in the colony and had no one to do any thing for them. THE CLAIMANT'S DEFENCE.— Dr. Keneally con- cluded his Tichborne oration on the 22nd August, having spoken a month by the almanac! Thirty and one days has the eloquent counsel kept pos- session of the much-tortured jurymen, thus throwing into the shade the achievements of Burke and Sheridan on the Warren Hastings impeachment. He is not able, it seems, to pro- duce Arthur Orton. More romantic a good deal than the appearance of Sir Roger at Wagga Wagga is the disappearance of the jovial, rollick- ing young Wapping butcher, who left the Gipps Land cattle station and was seen no more by living man—except the claimant. Only he, so far, is known to have been favoured with glimpses of Miss Lodor's lover. The claimant stood in the dock with Arthur at Castlemaine, though the police records do not show it, and Arthur visited him at Wagga Wagga; but, like Banquo's ghost, the missing Orton has been invisible to others. The situation is undoubtedly curious, and what the defence should still do is to advertise in all the papers a notice to the faithful lover that his Miss Loder still lives, and is single and true to him. From what we know of Arthur, he would respond to that appeal— unless the claimant has murdered him.— Daily Telegraph. VALUE OF FIRST-CLASS SHEEP.—Many of our colonists whose business is farming, are not sufficiently alive to the advantage to be derived from keeping good livestock, rather than the usual rubbish of the old hum-drum days; and we never lose an opportunity of strengthening the precepts we inculcate in this regard, by any examples that may fall in our way; knowing as we do full well what loss a farmer entails on himself who obstinately persists in sticking to a long-nosed pig instead of a Prince Albert ; and would as soon see a brindle bullock consuming his pasture for three years to get fat, as an all- red Devon, that is made up and ripe in one. A striking instance of this superiority of good over bad stock occurred on Friday last, when a con- signment of sheep belonging to Mr. Andrew Gibson, of Tiranna, near Goulburn, were sold in Sydney, by Messrs. Harrison, Jonos, and Devlin, and realised 17s. a head. If all farmers who feed for market would follow good advice, the butchers' shops of Sydney would be constantly filled with primo beef and mutton ; and it would not then be a matter of wonder, to see such bullocks as those prize ones of Mr. White's from Singleton show, which Messrs. Buttel and Laws are now killing, and one of which hung in the shop on Saturday — a regular picture. —Evening News. Holloway's Pills.—The slightest indisposition (that it may not rapidly run its disastrous course from bad to worse) should engage the immediate attention of the afflicted of all classes. A few doses of these thoroughly purifying and strength- ening pills will always be beneficial when the the least disorder reigns, or when nervous fears oppress. Two or three pills at bed time have the happiest effect in promoting perfect diges- tion, whereby the muscles are rendered more vigorous, the spirits more buoyant, and the entire frame more hardy. Holloway's medicine increases the quantity of nutriment derivable from a given quantity of food, whereby the quality of the blood is improved, the tone of every fibre throughout the body is heightened, and the disposition to fall into disease is reduced to a minimum. 