INQUEST. At half -past 10 o'clock on Saturday forenoon, the City Coroner (Sir. Henry Shiell) empanelled at the Observer Tavern, George-street North, a jury to inquire into the cir cumstances connected with the death or Captain James longmuir, of the British ship Rifleman. The man now in custody on the charge of murder on the bigh seas is eparejjand.about middle height. His age is . about 36 yean. When brought before the Court on Satur day he was very untidy, but this may have been the result of his long confinement on board ship. If his then personal appesraace was that which he presented when discharging bis duties in the captain's cabin, it is not surprising that present bears is Julius ProuMaus Wilhelm Krauss, although he is said to have gone by that of Julius Proutz. He has evidently been the recipient of a fair education, and is something of a linguist, if the statement made by Mr. Morgan, that he found in Krauss's pantry papers and letters in different languages, is taken into consideration. He is said to have been a schoolmaster in bis own country; and a letter, which will be found in our subjoined report of the inquest, will show, although there are a few trifling errors in spelling, that he must have had a very fair knowledge of the English language. Though his appearance cannot be said to be a prepossessing one, yet his countenance is not a bad one, or one mat might be looked for in tile alleged perpetrator of a fearful tragedy. On Saturday when he did speak, he did so without hesita tion and very distinctly. The question about an. explosion which he said bad injured his head, and his statements about bis having several times been out of his mind, and bad bis head laid open, show that he was keenly alive to the awful realities of the position in which he stood. The letter which has been found in his pantry (which has not as yet been sworn — according to the requirements of the laws of evidence — to be in Krauss's handwriting) supplies a motive for the commission of the offence with which Kraues has been charged. He complains of ill-treatment — -—'the first, during along seafaring life,' received from the captain, and concludes by asking whether, if a steward is struck with impunity by a captain, he ' may not avenge himself according to his own best way.' The inquest, though the jury had been empanelled an hour before, did not commence till half -past 11 o'clock. The delay was caused through the time occupied in removing the remains of Captain Longmuir from the cask in which they had been brought to Sydney, and placing the body in the dead-house, go that it might be viewed by the jury. The Observer. Tavern was surrounded by a crowd, who satisfied their curiosity by watching the man Krauss og he was takeninto the Coroner's Court. Before it, fora longtime bis outward appearance would have led one to suppose that be took no interest whatever in the proceedings. Hekept his bead averted from jurymen, witnesses, and spectators; and almost appeared to be asleep. He was supplied with a chair after be bad been in Court some time. It will be sees below that he complained on Saturday of a severe headache and rheumatic pains. Among those who were in the Court as spectators of the proceedings were the agents of the Rifleman and the cap ; tains otseveral vessels in the harbour, some of whom had . been personal friends or acquaintances of the late Capttin Longmuir. George Morgan deposed : I am chief officer of the British ship Rifleman, which arrived in this port yesterday ; I sailed from London on the 28th December last for Sydney, . . the master of the ship being James Longmuir, whose dead body has just been viewed by meat the dead-house, Circular Quay, in the presence of the Coroner and jury. 1 ' The Coroner to the man in custody before the Court : Vfhat is your name f ' Julius William Krauss,' was the reply. Witness: I know the man Krauss before the Court ; he shipped on board the Rifleman, as steward. Coroner to Dr. Hamilton, who had just entered : As this is as important case, I should like yon. to have another ?nodical man assooiated with you in making a post-mortem examination of the body. Dr. Hamilton said, the Coroner telling him that he might select some one to make the lamination with htm, that he , would ask Dr. Mackellar to assist him. The Coroner desired Dr. Hamilton to hold his post mortem examination in conjunction with Dr. jtfuflfcwHitr as soon as be possibly could, as the friends of Mr. Longmuir desired to bury him as soon as they could get possession of the body. Witness resumed : Krauss was cuddy steward on board . Hie Rifleman; about 6 o'clock on the morning of Sunday, Che 16flx of March but, Krauss came on deck and told me that flie captain wanted me; it was my watch en deck at detune; I went down, opened the door of the captain's room, and said, 'Do you (want me, sir?' the steward (Krauss) made answer, 'I think it's about the grog he wants you;' at the same time I felt a heavy blow on tile * left temple; the steward bad accompanied me to the cap* tern's cabin, ami stood at my back; I did not know that he was down below till I was struck from behind. Coroner: At what part ef the ship was the cabin? The front of the poop, on the starboard side. Witness: I knew that the steward had accompanied me whea I heard hie voice behind me; after the frlow on. the left temple I felt a second; I then turned round and grasped nim in time to ward off a third; as it was dark I aid not see who it was, but I grasped my assailant and threw him against the front of the captain's bonk ; he struggled hard to get his arms free ; there was no light in the cabin at the time ; seeing that he could not get his arms free he dropped the bolt he had attacked me with. The bolt referred to was here produced in Court by water police constable Martin. It was about two feet in length, and must have weighed several pounds. The Coroner here remarked that the inquiry was not into the circumstances connected with the attack on the chief officer of the Rifleman, as he was alive ; it was only into the death of Captain Longmuir; he had allowed this portion of the evidence of the chief officer to be imported into the case, as it led up to the discovery of the body of the captain of the Rifleman, although, strictly speaking, it had nothing to do with the case. Witness resumed : It struck me that my assailant must have a pistol, and I therefore slipped my hands down, and laid hold of bis wrists, and called out for a light, and the watch ; about two minutes afterwards, John Nicholl, the boatswain, came in, I still having hold of my assailant ; I did not know so far who was my assailant ; as soon as John Nicholl came in I released his hands. Lid Nicholl bring alight with him into the cabin ? No ; I released my assailant's light hand, and gave it to Nicholl, «sd told him to hold on to him ; Nicholl let go his arm and grasped him by the collar ; immediately afterwards I heard a pistol shot go off. - All this occurred in the captain's cabin ? Yes, all this occurred there ; by this time there was getting to be a little daylight ; I could see something flash towards my head ; I struck up the barrel of a pistol, and a second shot went off ; I held on to the barrel till the second mate and some of the hands came with a light. The Coroner here noticed that the man Krauss was hand cuffed. He said it was not usual in such cases to keep a man in handcuffs. If he made an attempt to get away, then the police might do so. The Coroner concluded by directing that the handcuffs should be taken off. Witness : As soon as a light was brought into the cabin, Krauss dropped down at my feet, and pretended that he was drunk. The Coroner told witness that he must not tell what he conjectured from the man's dropping down at his teet. Conjectures were not admissible as evidence in a court of justice. Witness: When the light was brought in, I saw that my assailant was William Krauss, the steward ; I saw that he still held a pistol in his hand, I having hold of the barrel ; I then had his feet and hands made fast with a piece of rope ; we then turned our attention to the captain. While all these occurrences were taking place in the cabin, did you hear any sounds as if coming from the captain? No. . - Did you see whether he was in his bunk or not ? I could see that there was somebody in the bunk. We did not see the captain in the bnnk, till we lifted the rug which covered the body in the bunk. Who was present when you did so ? The second mate— the boatswain not being there, as he had been carried out after receiving a shot in his neck. The Coroner desired witness to exclude the boatswain from his evidence, as he was in no way connected with the enquiry. Witness: There were present when the covering was lifted the second mate, the saUmaker, a passenger, and several of the men ; when we lifted the rug off- we saw that the captain's body was covered with blood ; he was lying on bis right ride, with his left side up, and there was a large wound over his right temple ; we could see the wound as we looked at him ; there was a piece of ' log ' line right round his neck ; the bedclothes were saturated with blood ; the piece of log line had been passed round the neck tightly, and then knotted; the captain's face was purple; we cut the line immediately, and tried to restore life, although he appeared to be dead, but our efforts to restore animation were unsuccessful; the body was quite warm. i. What might the time be then?— About 5 o'clock in the morning. When had you last seen the captain? On Saturday night, about 10 o'clock, or rather between 9 and 10 o'clock. Was he all right at thai time ? Yes. . Who slept in the cabin F Was it in the ' cuddy ' or out side ? It was outside ; there was a division between them. 'We had three cuddy passengers. Did any one occupy the captain's berth besides himself ? No; he occupied it alone. Was it customary to have the door of it always shut ? No ; it was always open. What was your latitude and longitude at this time ? It was 31*33 south, and 34-1 west. Had the steward access to the captain's cabin at night ? Yes. At what.time did you go on your watch that morning? I had taken charge of the deck watch at 4 o'clock that morning. - And between/that time and bang called by the steward, djd yon hear any noise ? Nose whatever. I saw a light in the captain's cabin, but I heard no noise. I did not think it unusual then, though I would have done so at other times, for a light to be in the cabin at that time in the morning. Why did you look upon it that morning as unusual for a light to be in his cabin ? Because he had been complaining en the previous evening of his face having been burnt with the sun. How far were the berths of the passengers from the captain's cabin ? The nearest would be about 30 feet off. Where did the steward sleep ? He had a berth in the cabin, on the opposite side— the captain slept on the star board side, and the steward on the port side ; the second mate, Mr. Newton, occupied the same berth as the steward ; the second mate had the watch between 12 and 4 o'clock. The Coroner : Now go back to the captain, if you please. You have told us about the steward being secured and taken out, and described the position in which you found the captain. Did you discover anything which could give a clue to the perpetrator of the murder -it is not Because the steward assaulted you that we can be assured that he was the murderer of the captain ; you must there fore give evidence as to the case of the captain '( I cannot say anything about the captain. If you can give evidence to connect any one with the offence you had better give it ? I have none whatever. Did you find any trace as to the perpetrator of the offence ¥ We found several pistols on the steward, and I found seven more pieces of the same sort of stuff as was found round the neck of the captain. Tell us what you found on the prisoner when you secured him ? I found one revolver besides the one I had taken out of his hand, five barrels of which were loaded. Two of the six barrels in the other revolver- I had taken from him were discharged, and four were loaded. We also found on him a single-barrelled breach-loader, which was loaded. The breech-loader and one of the six-shooters were in Mb trousers pocket.. To exhaust the subject of the revolvers— did you recog nize them? The revolver from which the shots had been discharged was mine, and the other two were the property of the captain. Did you give the steward permission to use your revol ver? No. Where was it kept ? In one of the drawers in my cabin, and when I last saw it it was unloaded. Do you know where the captain kept his revolvers ? No. The steward, however, had access to his cabin at all times ? Yes. How do you know that the breech-loader and one of the six-barrelled revolvers were the captain's? I had cleaned them, and knew that they were the captain's. Juryman : Did you usually keep the drawer containing your pistols locked ? No ; there was no lock on it. The Coroner remarked that he believed it was an un usual thing to keep drawers lacked on board ship. Coroner : Did you find any ammunition on the steward besides the revolver £ Yes ; mere were 27 cartridges in his pockets, of different sizes, to suit the revolvers ; there were* none to suit the single- barrelled pistol ; as I hare men tioned, I found seven short pieces of log- line in the steward's pantry. Were they of the same length as that round the cap tain's neck? Four were of the same length, and three were longer. Did you find whether any of your ' loglines ' had been interfered with? Yes, I found that a new logline, which \re had in the ' lazarette ' had been cut Had the steward access to the lazarette ? Yes. The cabin stores were kept there? Yes. I may add that there was another piece of the same sort of line lying in the Captain's bunk. Did you find anything else on Krauss ? I also found a dagger asd a two-bladed clasp knife. Were there any marks, or anything whatever in the cabin indicative of a struggle r The cabin did not bear the appearance of any struggle, or disorder ; nothing had been knocked about. I should judge the captain had been killed while asleep., and that he must have been drugged, as he was not a sound sleeper Juryman: Did you know whose property the clasp knife and the dagger were ? The dagger was the stewanrs own, I believe, but the clasp-knife, I think, belonged to the captain, as he had one like it. Coroner : You think that the captain had been assaulted while in a drop sleep ? From the appearance of the body I should judge that at the time the assault was mode upon him, he was in a deep sleep; he was undressed, and his clothes were off. Did you find any instrument in the captain's cabin which would account for the wound in the temple? Nothing but the bolt he had attacked me with, which is a ' channel plate' bolt. When the steward come on deck and told you the cap tain wanted to see you, had he the bolt with him? No. I presume that, after the occurrenee, whan the necessary excitement had subsided, you made an examination to see whether there were any marks of a struggle ? Yes, and I saw a mark on a beam, as if the head, of the bolt tod. struck it, and left aa iodeatatioa, Did the steward draw blood when he strucV~^~~~; — -- I a great deal ; I fitted the head of the bolK bT?. K ? tion in the beam ; I did not hear any sound. « « f* 'S^U- ? hsd struck the beam, when I was assaulted1 ™e bx-lt ? Did you observe any blood on the «h-'ur»«i- , H There seemed to be blood on them, but I am nnf* clotlie«f ? as his clothes were very dark and dirty : there wJ6IT.sure. ? on the cabin floor; it was confined to the cantef ?no,bl(-^ ? I noticed that the steward's clothes were wet V Si hask- ? marks of blood. et' M lf from thj ? Has the steward got these clothes on H9Trr V I got mem on board. °- l bay, H The Coroner : Well, we had better have them n j H as exhibits, and examined to see whether they bear ^ I Had there been any difference between the cant ? I the steward previous to the morning referred hf w ^ H except that the captain blowed him up oCcas[r.n ?!thi?« I being dirty and having the things dirty fi the £hh?7 ht ? How did he receive these reproofs— Did vou {,„' i.- ? say anything in reply to them? No -I neve? hSt?' ? say anything in reply, ueanl ''m ? citei°n P^nT' °f ^o^V*™* » theaWptoward^ ? Had the captain been finding fault with the »to , ? within twenty-four hours of his body being found LJ? ? cabin in the position described? Nbt that I amawa I On your securing the steward you charged him with I h&vmg; murdered the captain ? Yes. m ? Now tell us what you said to him so far as vour mo™,, fl serves you, or you can recollect, as that matter beenmo ^ H ofgreatimportance? Shortly after IhadEXX ? in irons he asked for writing materials, savin* thitY H wanted to make a statement as he would die in «i afl hours. e* H Hod you charged him then? No. I ref usod to tako tt. H irons off him, telling him that I would write down any I statement he had to make. He was then handcufM H Then- he said he had been drinking very hard sincp h. ? had been on board the ship, and that what had hanDena? ? that morning he knew nothing at all about it. Ttis »« H all I could get out of him. WM ? You have said that you charged him, and that he mud* I a xeply ? No ; I did not do that exactly ; I only read th« ? official log out to him after he had made a statement to me H I afterwards made an official entry of the occurrence m mv H logbook. ' ? flow long effer the discovery of the captain's body? Im | mediately after ; about twelve hours after discovering the I body. ^J Lid you do so in the presence of any one Y No. H ' Did you call any one to certify to the truth of these en- | tries in your logbook ? I had it signed by the second m»te I the sailmakcr, boatswain, and two passengers. I read my H account of the occurrence in the logbook over to them, anl ^| they signed it. Three or four days afterwards I read it to H the prisoner. ? The Coroner desired witnes? not to speak of him as a pri- H eocer, but as Krauss. ^M Witness, at the request of the Coroner, produced the H official logbook of the Rifleman, and read the entries H having reference to the subjects of the inquest over to the H These entries are, with a few exceptions, but a recapitu- H lation, in perhaps a more graphic form, of the occurrences H of the eventful 16th of March. ? It may be worth while to narrate one or two of the refer- ^| ences in the logbook, although they cannot all he said to H have any strict bearing on the proceedings of the inquest, fl Soon after going on deck at 4 o'clock to take charge of the H watch, Mr. Morgan states that he noticed a light in the cap* H tain's cabin, but took no particular notice of it, as Captain H Longmuir had been complaining of having his face burnt H with the sun, and hnd had wet bandages on it, and he con- H eluded that he had the light in his cabin to enable him to H change the bandages. About twenty minutes to 5 o'clock H the light had disappeared in the cabin, and about $ o'clock H the steward, as was usual when he was on watch, brought H him a cup of coffee, the mate then walked aft when the H man at the wheel said to him (the chief mate) that there H must have been something the matter with the grog the H crew had got on the previous night, ns all the hands had H been bad and vomiting during the night. Five minutes ? afterwards the steward came to him and told him that the ? captain wanted him. [Then follows the account ef the ? assault on him by Krauss, and of the struggle ? until with assistance he was secured and removed.] Ob ? removing the covering from the captain's bunk, Mr. H Morgan states that his face was quite purple, and that there ? was a cut over the right temple live inches in length and ? very deep, which, it seemed to him, must have caused ? death. During the same day they had the body of the ? captain washed and placed in a cask of spirits. Tho boat- H swain, during the scuffle in the cabin, was shot in the neck, ? but it was found that the wound was not a dangerous one. ? * * * * On searching the steward's pantry after the H occurrence, the chief officer found a box of cartridgea whica ? were his (Mr. Morgan's) property, and several papers ani ? letters in different languages, as well as a letter in ? English enclosed in an envelope, in which reference H was made to ill-treatment received from the captain, andm H which the writer says that he supposed he might avenge H himself in the best way he could. On enquiring m tfie H morning, he found that some of the men had been sick ana H vomiting during the night,' and caused some of the grog ? (about which the complaints had been made) to be put H away. Entries following- referred to complaints of some f aj the cuddy passengers as to perceiving a strange taste in bj some drinks supplied to them, and to the steward having aa pressed a passenger to drink in one instance. H Witness having finished the reading of the log, tue aa Coroner directed that a copy should be taken and appenow aaj to the depositions. , , .,,,,., H The examination of witness being resumed, he said tuai, aa in reference to the statement made by the steward wu» m under arrest, he had been drinking hard; he naduwer aa seen him drunk during the whole of the rime &at; ?** '«» ? been on board ship. From the time they sailed up to me a| time of the occurrence he had never seen Krauss drunk. H Coroner: Do vou know the steward's handwriting;. ± ? H Is there any 'one on board who is acquainted wim»- H I do not know, but I can get a copy of uw handwriting. H He made the entries in the store book. , , ? Tt is ? ?Where is the book he is supposed to have kept ? « H on board ship. It contains weekly records of »^ ? disbursed, which it was the duty of the fte™™^^ ? the captain every Saturday evening. His ^°^ea2. ? be seen on reference to the ship's articles, which ^ ? The Coroner expressed his intention of hrraw fl«»Jg ? ^tt^s &&£&*£&* I ^^Sifa^^the letter foundinthepan- ? tl7: ' Sunday, February 24 1873, 7 o'ctoc^ ? « This date I shiftea'myeelf entirely, bog 'J™ S* ? as well as top ; put on a clean pair of stockuigs ai i ^ aa p.m. The captain told me I was not shifted . , « ble. ? not have any beggar to serve uj .at 1™ «&J; ani ? I told him that I was entirely igw. ^ H went in to my pantry, where 1 'Jtgsed «* I self that if Captain Longmwr was ^R1!^ serve ? my appearance (oWure) to putsome ««^g^ t^poa ? up, as I was sure he was only trymg to w^V~ ^ gfruck ? me. The Captainhereupon ran into my ?*'ui uineine at ? mt a violent blow on the left side of my face, «u u^ tf & aa the same time that he'd throw me overboartij , ^ aa foreign. ? would give him any cheek. *« w, ? pulled me out of my pantry by &e; '^J and pntf ? telling me to go and sbStmyseM; ^J^fl^^lptA ? a pair of pante which were dirtxer ***TfSe-^ ? ?anTservedlhe table with them, ^was lettrn a| shed ?) for the remainder of the toy. ^ &s; W ? « Querry : Is a captain entitled to stnkt s a sre ^rf H 'pvobatum mores Domine o^fotevttj^^.^sw ? ? — Tnwj- the evidence 01 me cniei omcer 01 tne ^toKfld^if to the steward that he had better pay B^^the evidence as it .was read over. rtjestioDwut „ ve a very bad headache, and am suffering ?^^inaticB ' hut I will pay such attention as I can. **?? ♦nXp evidence being read, witness (by Coroner) ?n°nn v reading the entries in the official log-book to ^ On my ., ^^ te ^gd n0 reply -whatever to make *-it ? rnnan- I do not know whether the captain had ^VfM with the steward about the grog. Were there foUncoffipl«ntB aboIlt the grog PrevioU6 tothe mur-ta*-') *' 25? ^vipicThaving been read over, 2* *£»££? (after the usual form), asked Krauss Ser^wishcd to ask Mr. Morgan any questions? v a i ? There is one question I would like to ask. I « hurted' on my bead by an explosion which was not *?«J I in tlie official log book. 'r Mnrssn ? I cannot say whether it was entered in the v v nr not' I had nothing to do with it at that time. H kroner' ' Did you know of the explosion ? I heard t-J hnt I did not see it. vimte- I laid out money out of my own pocket to buy i.- . for the pantry, «6 no one paid attention to the things WSJmSSnfa' it; I nave been out of my mind lewrel times, and I have also had my head laid open on *T^COTwaeri interrupting: I don't require you to make rfatement If you wiBa to *'* aay questions y«u °an do 8 JFyou volunteer a statement, well and good; but I *^eCOTonCTXnye2d tot ^would in all likelihood law to further examine Mr. Morgan when the proceedings mp resumed, and shortly after 1 o'clock adjourned the * w«t till half-past 9 o'clock on Monday morning, SS to be held at the ofi&ce; of the City Coroner, in Hyde Hundreds of persons were assembled round the tavern in which fie inquest had been held to catch a glimpse of Krauss as he was removed in a cab to prison. On Monday, at the Coroner's office, Hyde Park, the in onirv 'W&s; continued. Mr George Morgan, chief officer of the Rifleman, being mrae'stedto do so, produced the store- book (exhibit C) sup ped to have been kept by Krauss, and in his hand IrritiBe ? the entries in it after the 16th of March had been tent by a boy whom witness had placed in. the cabin as steward ; the entries between the 1st January and the 15th March were by prisoner. Was tne English letter the only -writing found in the pantry ? No, there were papers or writings in several different languages, but apparently all in the same hand writing, although I cannot say that they were, as I did not compare them. The Coroner said that as »he English letter was the only one produced, he presumed it had been selected as bearing on the subject of the inquest. The -witness replied that it was so and because it had been written in English. The Coroner then said-that he would have the evidence of an expert taken as to the hand writing of the letter and entries in the store-book. Witness : The spirits were divided out by the steward ; this duty was never delegated to any other person ; spirits were served on the 16th of March, at 8 o'clock on that evening (Saturday) ; only once a week. You saw him serve them ? Yes. Is it -within your knowledge that anything followed the issue of spirits on that occasion ? I saw nothing. I can «nly speak* as to what I heard. The Coroner : Then it will not bfe admissible as evidence. Have you any of the spirits which were issued on that evening. Yes. [Bottle containing rum produced.] Bow do you know that the spirits -produced are portion cf loose issued on Saturday, the 15th, to the crew r One of the seamen named Mortis returned it to me in the jQOrniDg. The Coroner said he would call Martin and examine him «s that point. He would have the ram submitted to chemical analysis. There were some of your . men sick on beard, during the sight of Saturday, 16th F I believe so. The Ceroner then gave directions to bring as -witnesses two of the men who had been sick on board. , Coroner : The steward had charge of the spirits for the crew? Yes. If the captain desired a glass of grog, how did he get it? He always kept it in his room. He did not require to call upon the steward' to mix grog, or to bring it to him ? No. I presume you had a medicine chest on board ? Yes. Where was it kept ? In the starboard after cabin. Do you know -whether there was any laudunum in it ?when you left England ? There was a bottle of it in the chest. I have now got it on shore. The steward had access to the medicine chest ? The s «aptoin always kept the key of it, which was hung on a ^ nail in his cabin. Did the steward serve you with any spirits on the night «i Saturday, the 15th of March P No. Yea were not sick on that night p No. Witness : The steward's hour for turning out in the JBoming was ordinarily 4 o'clock ; he brought me my coffee about 6 o'clock in the morning. Witness : At 4 o'clock the second officer went down to torn in, after I relieved him. Had there been any disturbance -with your crew immedi ately after you left England?— No disturbance whatever with them. There had been no attempt at mutiny ?— None. Or any allegation that the ship was in a leaky state?— Xwme whatever. ., Everything -went on harmoniously till the morning of me 16th of March, when you were called to the captain's «*in, and assaulted as detailed?— Everything had gone en w™ i everyone had seemed to be quite comfortable. Witness here produced a bottle of laudanum, apparently almost full; he said that a few drops had been taken out *- medicine, but with that exception it was in the same Wjw as it was when found after the murder. *$* jaryman: Did you bring any other letters on shore, in SI S*a * My oi tilem corresponding with the phrases wine English letter? Witness said they were in the pos «*sion of the police. Krauss declined to ask any questions. JohnNicoU deposed: I am boatswain of the ship Rifle S of.Aberdeen, in which I Bailed from London for ffi^-^Deoen*er J*8** I arrived here on last Friday, ^?^P^t; I was entered as A.B., but was rated as ™»«wam by the captain about a month after we sailed ; I S iT1^' who u before the Court ; he was steward on 2fitih fi™1811 ! I remember the events of Sunday, the w oi march, nothing having previously occurred to mar «»» « ? J5.the ''I* of disputes between the captain and S»»\i iiS? ^Ptein and steward; on the night of Satur rfmWf * 'at 8 beUs, I received my weekly allowance jdW™2 romtne steward— two wineglassfuls ; the usual ^wancewasone wine glass, but the steward generally till f, i «» i u; z drank my grog, and remembered nothing eoffi*- t ?ext m«ramg, when I was called to have 10 rffi^^ been ^usually sleepy; I slept from second w 7^ 6 o clock; I should have been up every Sfti P^P tl* ship ; I had always to get up to »Ct « ? 81ck «U I had seen the captain's body ; 8teZd tJBm?te er two ***** J haA ki* mysetf down» »» askedhri-*88?4 *me g0'1* *«-m the cabin to the galley; I aHwTJ!' ^the had put into tiifigrog the night before, k tedlTV*,^* 8hiP ^d been sicic ; \e answered, that flat hprt^TPx? aew ca!Bk of Tam *8 evening before, and aen ^l1®1*11* *-»t *^ fact of its being new had made the fcX^J^y^ k?t sxsnthe captein alive ? On Sator * ooioacmf ♦ ^v i Weat * °r *ae g10^ 5 ke was sitting on 8torflv*ft» *^ break of iba P°°P- Witness continued : -«*ontS^ ? ^^ewation between me and the steward ?^etbW*^?168 after~I he'da noise like a scuffle fcttlh^V111!?!111 *? ca^ and immediately after qmcklv-^T T*ef mate calling out, ' Jack, come here, ^ not sJ?* JSS**? **** b** it wbb dark, and I ^edoat 5^r?r teU wn-*e the sound came from; I -* Mr \J^rfeaKy°u?' I was guided by flie sound *' eaterincTT8 Voloe to *he ^Pta'1'* state-room; jQ;Bon thTSJ iT ^ Mr* Morgan, and another ?* fiettr^ iL M hold of 5 l co^d distinctly ^eea&n;'rt?1*0^11 there was no light in ?'* ««ld »«,! 5Te' ^e chief mate held the steward, -**-illi uJl *^2. Md of his arm ; I did so, and ?««S«n wjwtww the matter, but he $4 no( ' answer me; from the man the chief mate had hold of Tih^SF*?** 1 rec°SBi8ea *hat it was the steward; Ithena^ed the steward what was the matter; he re turned no answer to me, but Baid'letme go'; he jerked his hand out of my grasp; I caught hold of him by the collar, and he pulled a revolver out of his pocket or some part of his person, presented it at my face and fired; I # JSX hcad on one side- aBd the oa31 struck me in the neck. [Witness here showed the mark of the wound in the neck caused by the pistol bullet. He was asked by the Coroner where the point of exit had been, and he replied, Ihe ball is not out as yet to my knowledge.'] Witness continued : The steward with the same hand then shoved me on the floor ; before I got up he had fired another shot at the chief officer ; the chief officer, the steward, and I. were then the only persons in the cabin ; Mr. Morgan evaded the shot and had hold of the steward again; he got him down on the floor in a siting posture; we both called aloud for help, but it was some time after that the second officer came in with a light ; after him came some of the watch ; they were told to lash the prisoner's hands ; on the light being brought in, I found that the man who had as saulted Mr. Morgan and fired a shot at me was Krauss ; all this took place in the captain's cabin ; Krauss was secured and removed ; before he was taken out of the cabin, the chief officer asked the steward what he had done to the cap tain—hie body not having yet been discovered ; he made no answer; the chief officer then directed the second mate to look in the captain's bed ; I was present when the captain's body was discovered ; the second mate (Mr. Newton) lifted a counterpane which was over the body, and discovered the head and upper part of the body covered with blood, and also a piece of log-line round the captain's neck ; my wound was not attended to as yet ; I did not feel it sore then ;. the log-line was twice round the captain's neck, drawn tight and knotted pog-line (exhibit F), with whiskers embedded in the strands, and smeared with blood, produced] ; I removed the logr-line, which was cut 'by the second officer; it had been sufficiently tight to leave a mark all round the neck; the second officer said that the captain was dead ; the body was warm ; he had on a shirt and a pair of thin drawers; the chief officer said to the steward, 'You scoundrel, you have killed the captain;' he answered, ' It -was not me, sir, it was the cook ; ' this occurred in my presence ; he was then removed from the cabin, while I assisted in washing the captain's head ; I only observed one cut on the upper part of the temple, on the right side ; it was a clean cut, as if made by a knife ; I then began to feel sick and faint ; whea the light was brought I saw a ' channel ' bolt (exhibitG) produced in the cabin; I saw it on the deck; the carpenter had charge of Buch stores ; my attention was not drawn to a mark on a beam over ike captain's bunk ; 1 signed theofficiallog-book after having an entry read to me by Mr. Morgan, about 12 o'clock that day ; I do not remember what it was I signed on the first occasion, as I was ill ; I heard an extract*from the log read some time after, in presence of all hands, to ? the steward in confinement ; it detailed the occurrences of the 16th March; the steward made no answer to the extract on its being read over ; on his making no reply to the official log, some of the hands said that the steward had confessed to them that he had been driven to do as he had done by the captain's usage of him, the chief officer asked him whether he had said so to any of the hands ; he answered firsts-' I have not said so';' on the question being repeated he said 'I might have said so;' and he afterwards said, 'I did say so;' he said he had mentioned this to two of the men whose names he did not remember; the crew could communicate with. Krauss through the bars of a small window after he was secured. Do you know whether there had been any row between ike captain and the steward ; or whether the captain had had reason to find fault with him for misconduct ? I only ' know of it by hearsay . The Coroner said that his reply would not be admissible as evidence. Had the captain complained of the steward's neglect of duty ; or of not having done hie -work in a satisfactory man ner? No. ? Had you ever seen the steward under the influence of drink ? I have smelt drink upon him ; but I cannot say that I have ever seen him under the influence of drink. ,The jury wished to know from Mr. Morgan if he recol lected having asked the steward what he had done with the captain and why ? The Coroner said that he would recall him and ask these questions. Mr. George Morgan recalled : I have no recollection of saying to the steward ' You scoundrel, you have killed the captain,' or of his replying, ' No, sir, it was the cook;' I remember having asked him, after I had read the official entry to him in the presence of the crew, whether he had confessed to the hands that he had been driven to the crime by the captain's ill-usage; he said.' I don't know,' I said ' You must know ;' he said then ' I might have said so ;' I said then ' Give me a direct answer — either yes or no ;' he said ' Yes,. I did say so'— he did not say to whom ; the rum I received from tne second officer is in the same state as when I received it ; I washed the bottle clean in which I put it ; the cork I think was in the bottle. The Coroner here said to the jury that Mr. Watt had told him that he could not say whether the laudanum had been interfered with, because it had come from Wapping, where . the article sold was generally inferior and of different strengths. It might have been reduced. As Mr. Watt did not know what its strength had been, he could not say how much it had been reduced. Mr. Watt had also said with reference to the contents of the stomach, that it would be unnecessary to Bubniit them to analysis, seeing the body had been so long in spirits. The contents of the, stomach had, however, been kept in a bottle. Witness: I saw some dark marks on the 'channel plate 'after the murder, but I could not say whether it was blood. Charles Newton deposed : I am second officer of the ship Rifleman, and left London in that capacity ; I remember on Sunday, the 16th March, giving to the chief officer some spirits, which I had received from a seaman named John Martin, in the same state it was in when I got it from him ; I did not see -what Mr. Morgan did with the spirits. . The Coroner here handed the samples of spirits to Mr. Charles Watt to ascertain whether they contained any foreign substances; and asked when he would be able to give the result of his examination ? Mr. Watt said he would by to be able to give the result by Wednesday. Mr. Morgan recalled : I produce a six-barrelled revolver, which I laid hold of, and from which two shots have been fired. KrauFS declined to ask any questions. The Coroner said that the police had gone over the papers found in the steward's pantry ; but had found they were all personal memoranda with the exception of the English letter, so that it would be unnecessary to encumber the depositions -with them. Witness Newton recalled:. I remember the morning of Sunday, the 16th of March last— nothing havingpreviously occurred but the captain speaking three weeks before in the cabin to the steward about Mb dirty clothes — I heard what took place from the poop close to the companion ; I heard the captain tell him to shift his clothes, and he said he would not, as he had done so in the morning ; I did not hear the captain apply an epithet to him ; I then heard the cap tain shift his chair and saw him follow the steward to the pantry ; I then heard the steward say, ' Yon had better not strike me;' I had often heard the captain complain to him about his dirty habits ; he was dirty in his habits about the cabin; the captain told him in the cabin that he would be better to shift himself, as he would not allow him to serve at the table until he did ; the steward in the pantry said, ' If rL strike me, you had better look out for yourself;' did not hear anything more then, nor did I afterwards hear the steward refer to it; I have been very ill firm about that time; in the night of Saturday, the 16th March, at eight bells, I received grog from Ihe steward; the steward and I occupied Ihe same cabin; on tasting my grog, I said to the steward, 'It has a very peculiar taste; ' it tasted bitter ; I did not like the taste at all; he said to me, 'It's anew cask, sir;' I told him a new cask had no business to taste like that; I tasted the grog and threw it out of the pantry window, saying-, 'I can't drink that;' I went below till 12 o'clock, when I went on deck to relieve the chief officer ; when I turned in at 8 o'clock, the steward was in his pantry ; I was on deck from 12 o'clock till 4 o'clock ; between fliese hours I saw nothing of the steward ; I had no occasion to go near the captain's cabin in that time ; I neither saw nor heard him ; I jWrf no noise At 0. bW ^ Vi^ifi Tfiuiei waj ft charge on deck ; I felt very sleepy and 31, and was half asleep while I was oh watch; when my watch was over at a quarter-past 4 Mr. Morgan relieved me ; at twenty minutes past I met the steward at the bottom of the ladder -with the coffee-pot under his arm ; his utunl time was from 5 o'clock to half -past 5 o'clock ; I spoke to the steward and told him to call me at seven bells (half- past 7), to be sure and call me bo as to wake me, as I had slept very deep for the last week or two ; he said, 'Yes, I' 11 wake y ou ;' I then -went to my cabin on the port side — just in the saloon, and turned in ; the pantry *vas next to the captain's cabin; I had laet seen the captain 'on the night of the 15th, but at what time I cannot say ; I was awoke about a quarter-past 6 o'clock on Sunday morning by hearing Mr. Morgan calling ' Jack,' who was the boatswain ; not knowing what wae the matter I did not turn out the first time ; be called ' Jack '' again from the captain's cabin in somothing like a shriek ; I jumped out thinking some one was overboard or something1 wrong; I ran along the passage to the captain's cabin ; as I was entering the door I heard the report of a revolver, and saw a flash in the direction of ** aft ;' a few seconds after there was another fiash towards deck and a report ; I could see Mr. Morgan's face by the flash ; I turned round and called for a light ; some one handed me a light— who it was I could not say ; I then entered the cabin with a light and saw Mr. Morgan with his arms round the steward's arms, which -were pressed to his side ; Mr. Morgan had also hold ot a revolver which was in the steward's right hand; Mr. Morgan said to me, 'Take the revolver from him ; ' by this time there were three or four of the watch in ; the steward fell to the deck ; I then sent some of the men for a piece of rope and made the steward's arms and legs fast ; Mr. Morgan then asked me to see what he had done with the captain [the evidence which here follows is corroborative]; I do not remember the chief officer saying anything to the steward about the captain ; I now produce a revolver (exhibit J^, the five chambers of which were loaded ; when we took him outside I. thought of searching him again, and I found in his pocket a single-barrelled breech- loading pistol, a dagger in sheath, twenty-seven revolver cartridges of different sizes to suit the revolvers which were found on him ; I had never before seen the steward with the dagger; finding nothing more on him he was secured in the deck-house; about half-an-hour afterwards I went forward with Mr. Morgan to see him ; the chief officer said to him, 'What you have to say I will write down;' he said, 'All I have got to say is— that I have been drinking very heavy ever since I left London, and if you look down the lazarette you will find the empty bottles;' he said he knew nothing about the captain ; it was all dark to him ; I had never noticed Krauss to be the worse for liquor since we left London ; I signed the official entry in the logbook ; it was subsequently read to Krauss in the presence of the chief officer, myself, and all hands ; he made no reply when it was read over to him; I found empty bottles in the lazarette. Kraues declined to ask any questions. By jury : I never saw Krauss much cleaner on board ship than he is now; the rum was all used for the body after the murder. Edward House deposed : I am secretary of the City Bank ; I have had some fourteen or fifteen years' experience in handwritings ; X look at the store book and letter produced ; I have examined entries in the store book and compared their handwriting with that of the letter, and believe them to be in the same handwriting ; I come to that con clusion from certain portions of the letters, and the letters F's and T's (capitals^ and especially figures being alike ; the date February 24th, 1873, in the letter as well as in the store book were much alike ; the letter is not so well ?written as the book. Krauss declined to ask any questions. The Ceroner here read the letter which -we have already published. The inquest was adjourned about 1 o'clock. On the proceedings bemg resumed, John Martin deposed : I am an able seaman on board the Rifleman; I remember the night of Saturday, the 16th March last; I was supplied on that evening with grog by the steward — I only got grog on Saturday — and not feeling well, I only took a small quantity of it ; it made me . very sleepy ; I put ihe remainder in a bottle with the in tention of drinking it again, but I gave it to the second mate on Sunday ; I put it in a clean bottle and gave it to the second mate in the condition in which I got it ; a West Indian'boy gave me some rum which he had not drunk, and I also put it in the bottle. Krauss, interrupting, said that if he was allowed to speak, he wished to remark that he thought that there was in the bottle of rum more than he had served for two men's al'owances. Frederick Schiillc deposed : I arrived in this colony on Friday last, in the Rifleman, Captain Longmuir, from London on the 30th December last ; I recognise Wilhelm Krauss, who was the steward on board the Rifleman ; three weeks before the 16th of March, about noon, I asked the steward for some water, for washing ; he did not bring it immediately, and I had some words with him ; I intended to complain to the captain about it, but as the captain had some words with him a few minutes afterwards, about his dirty habits, I did not do so ; before dinner the same day the captain asked him to shift his clothes, as he looked very dirty ; the steward told him he would not shift bis clothes as he had 'dene so in the morning ; one word gave rise to another, and the captain rushed after him into the pantry ; this occurred in the pantry ; the captain struck him in the pantry ; I did not see him do so, but he (the captain) told me he had done so a few days afterwards ; the steward, after the occurrence, came back to his cabin and said, as I heard from the saloon, — ' If you think you can strike me, you had better look out for yourself;' at the same time the steward shifted his clothes, but he did not look any cleaner than before; I remember the night of Saturday, the loth of March; the steward filled the decanter in the saloon with water; as he brought it in, I intended to take a glass of it ; but just then he told me that he would brin£ me a glass of limejuice ; I said that, as the weather was -warm, I did not object; shortly afterwards he brought in three glasses, with a spoon in each, tor each of the passengers ; I put my glass on the swinging' tray ; I came in, put a spoon in the glass, and stirred what was in it up ; the steward went up to the tray and took the spoon away, saying that the limejuice would rust it ; X drank what was in the glass ; it seemed to me to be rum, water, and sugar; there was no lemon juice in it; I felt very sleepy three-quarters of an hour afterwards; I did not wake up at night ; I was in the habit to get up once or twice every night and walk in the passage, or go on deck ; , about a quarter past 5 o'clock on Sunday morning, the 10th, I was aroused by hearing Mr. Morgan's voice crying out ' Jack, Jack, come in here ;' I thought there was some thing very peculiar in his voice, and so turned out and went into the saloon as soon as I could ; there I saw Mr. Newton, who asked me for a light, and at the same time I heard two pistol shots, one fired a few seconds after the other; Mr. Newton went into the captain's cabin with a light with which I had supplied him, and I followed him. [The evidence following this is corroborative.^] . After the steward had been secured, and before he was removed from the cabin he woke np from his feigned drunkenness, and paid, ' What's the matter, 1 did not do it, the cook did it ;' I went to bed about half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday evening, and I had last seen the captain alive about half an hour previously on the poop ; I slept in the next cabin to the steward ; some time before the time mentioned the captain had a few words with the steward about his dirty habits. By jury : The steward was n« dirty on board Bbip as he is now ; I did not notice a sediment at the bottom of the C* s, which the steward said contained limejuice ; I me sleepy about h»lf -an- honr after I drank what was in the glass. Philip Hall deposed : I am cook of the British ship Rifleman ; the steward gave me some bread about 6 o'clock on Saturday evening, which I eat;, it rose in my stomach, and I vomited ; it continued off and on until 4 e'clock in the morning ; the bread was soft bread, and had been made by the steward ; I was also seized with giddiness in the head ; 1 did not drink mm ; X objected to it, as I had seen it made at Barbadoes; I saw the steward about 8 o'clock on Satur day evening, and again at half-past 4 o'clock on Sunday morning ; I was not ready .when he called with the coffee at that time ; I visited the cabin at 8 o'clock on Saturday evening for flour, but not«again till I heard a cry for help on Sunday morning ; there was a ' sour twang ' with the breed which I had eaten. , - By jury ; J ha.ye Aeyer$sobey«J or4ere; or been found fault with by the captain: when the steward came to the galley on Sunday morning, I said, *' Steward, I frel fear fully bad; ' he asked what I had had to eat; 1 said only the bit of bread you gave me ; he made no reply ; I asked' then when the captain would be up, as I wanted a dose of medicine, and he said at seven bells, half -past 7 o'clock, when he got up for a bath ; I hud some words with him about not giving me enough water for cooking. Kraups said that he had no questions to ask witness ' now.' Robert Smith deposed : I em an able seaman on board the Rifleman ; on the loth of March we got our grog as ? usual from the steward ; I drank it at 8 o'clock, when I got it ; at 10 o'clock, when on watch, I felt very ill, and ?was seized with vomiting and purging: I thought it was rather strong. and the steward said, 'it is the legular 'stingo,' Bob, it is out of a new cask j at 12 o'clock I was relieved, and the vomit ing and purging continued till 4 o'clock in the morning when my turn came to go to the wheel ; when at the wheel I spoke to Mr. Morgan about the illness of the crew, all of whom, with the exception of the two who did not drink, suffered as I did. ? ? ? ' Senior-constable Martin of the Water Police force de poBcd : About 1 o'clock on Friday, the 9th instant, from information received, I proceeded on board the Rifleman, then in the stream, which had just arrived from England j I there saw Krauss who was confined in the deck- house in irons ; I directed the irons to be taken off and asked him his name, and he told me ; he answered that bis name was Krauss, on the articles, but bis real name was Julius Proutz ; I then charged him with having on the 16th of March last, on the high seas, on board the Rifleman, of his malice aforethought killed and murdered James Longmuir, the late master of the said ship ; I told him if he had any reply to make I should give the same in evidence ; he replied, ' I did not know what I was doing at the time — I must have been out of my senses ; an explosion took place down in the lazarette which burnt my hair off; ' then put him into the boat, and after leaving the ship I said to him what about the explosion ? he said, ' It was about three woeks before I did it.' I said, ' Did what P' he hesitated for a moment, and said, *' About what occurred on board ;' in coming across the harbour a boat was going across towards the Rifleman from the Circular Quay bearing two or three captains ; I drew Krauss' e attention to them, and said, ' These are some friends of Captain Longmuir's ;' he said, ' I am sorryfor it — it cannot be helped now — it was God's will.' Krauss declined to ask any questions. George Henry Hamilton deposed: I am a legally quali fied medical practitioner ; on Saturday forenoon last, 1 was present at the dead-house, Circular Quay ; by direction of the City Coroner I received the body of a man removed from a cask which contained a large quantity of spirits ; on . getting the body placed upon the table of the dead-house, and examining the external surface, I found no marks or violence on the trunk, but on the head, on the right side, I found a gaping wound over the right parietal bone, pene trating, or rather dividing the integuments to the pe riosteum, or natural covering of the bone, about two inches in length, irregular in its course ; on dissecting the scalp to the bone (on post-mortem examination, in which I was assisted by Dr. Mackeilar), beneath the integuments, I found a fracture commencing at the protuberance of the parietal bone, and continuing downwards and for wards through the squamous portion of the temporal bone, and ending in the zygomatic fossa, about five inches in length ; the brain substance was found (on removal of the skull cap) to be in a perfect state of decomposition ; the fracture in the skull penetrated to the inner table ; the viscera were highly decomposed ; I removed the stomach, which was also considerably decomposed ; the cause of death had been fracture of the skull; the channel belt pro duced would be quite sufficient to cause death. Charles Kinnaird Mackeilar deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing in College-street ; on Saturday last, at the instance of the City Coroner, I assisted Di. Hamilton in making a post-mortem examina tion of the body of James Longmuir, at the dead- house, Circular Quay ; the body was that of a rather stout man, in a very much decomposed state ; a gaping wound two inches in length, and of a more or less incised character, over the protuberance of the right parietal bone; this w.as the only external mark of injury I could, discover ; we proceeded to remove the scalp, and on doing so discovered a fracture of the skull, communicating with the wound before named, and situated immediately below it; the fracture was a comminuted one, and extended from the right parietal protuberance in a direction downwards and forwards through the gquamous portions of the temporal bone and the great wing of the sphenoid, ending in the ' zygomatic fossa ; this fracture passed through both tables of the skull, which were slightly depressed; that fracture, - in. my opinion, was the immediate cause of death; the viscera were so greatly decomposed that all the evidence was negative ; the comminuted fracture of the skull must have been caused by a heavy instrument. Henry Wilson deposed : I am an ordinary seaman on board the Rifleman; on Saturday night before the captain was found dead the steward gave me some grog, which I did not drink ; I gave it to Jack Martin in the same state in which it was when I got it from, the steward, and he put it with his. The Coroner : There were two points to which he would, draw their attention— first, by what means Captain James G. Longmuir came by his death, in other wordB was he murdered ; and secondly, if he was murdered, by whom had the deed been committed. The jury immediately after returned a verdict of wilful murder. The Coroner then told Krauss (who had been directed to stand up) that it was his duty to commit him to take his trial at the present Criminal Sessions on a charge of wilful murder. Krauss : Thank yon, sir. I am much obliged to you for your kindness in allowing me to have a seat during the pro ceedings, and while I am ill. I have nothing more to Bay. Krauss, to Coroner: I beg your pardon. Will X be allowed to have a legal adviser P The Coroner said that if he were in a position to engage legal advice, he had a perfect right to do so. If he were not in that position, he could ask on his trial to have counsel assigned to him. Krauss, while reference was being made to letters having, been found in his pantry, in several languages, said that he could speak and read and write seven with ease. One paper was shown which contained memoranda in some half dozen languages — among which were entries in Latin, Italian, German, French, Dutch, and English. The memos in Latin referred to the treatment of a Mack seaman for a tuberculous disease ; the English are notes of disbursements of stores ; one of the French memos is to the following effect^' — ' On the morning of the 19th February we passed the Cape de Verde Islands, all. goes well.' The memos in German are the following de tached sentences : — The longest day has an end— O Lord into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail — at times headache cemes from much growling —Those who fall into the wolves den, musthold with them.' The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on the case seems to be the most important of all is without date, and to the following effect :—' There has been a very great row (baruffa grandissima) with, the captain, (described as ' Signor il capitano ') (Humiliation — Bassemento f) -who struck me a blow on the head. The whole thing arose out of nothing at all on my part deserv ing of such treatment.' This extract will show that at the time it was written, Krauss was brooding over a blow re ceived from the captain. All the memos in the several languages have been written in a remarkably neat hand. They seem to have been written at different times. £- When Krauss was taken from the Coroner's Court, in a cab, a large crowd assembled outside to see him removed. 