THE MAGAZINES. THE latest numbers of British periodicals, brought by the mail, contain many thoughtful articles, in which much useful and interesting information will be found by the reader. As we might naturally expect, tho CONTEMPORARY RBVTEW occupies a "conspicuous position in British serial literature, both on account of the advanced views -which it propagates, and the depth and semi-scientific character of its thinking. It is truly catholic in its aims, and nowise straitlaced, and henoo, often contai os first-rate articles on both sides of disputed questions. As an illustration, we might refer to what may be termed the Prayer Controversy in 'connection with which both sides bad an opportunity of expounding and supporting their views. The latest number has a variety of highly thoughtful articles, which vre would strongly advise our readers to peruse. Di*. Carpenter's article on the "Physical Condition of Inland Seas" is full of information interest- ing': to students, of physical geography ; and Mr. Peter Boyne discourses in his own style on Milton, displaying in his paper those advanced notions of the possibilities of the future, which aré now held by'many of the great thinkers of the time. The notion of a bottomless abyss, the region of punishment, into which nine tenths of the human race are to be thrust, and in which they are to dwell everlastingly, subject to some kind of inexpressible torture, is so revolting to tho human mind, that it is now beginning to be rejected by the ablest minds of the time, as a mere figment or myth of past ages. Yet, take away this notion, and you destroy the base of Milton's great epic, of Dante's " Inferno," and of a world of other poetry and speculation. "Whilst discussing this topic, Mr.Bayne saya: Hut lt la a circumstance of fatal import that tho triumph of Christ, ns depicted by Milton, ls mainly in a netti heaven and earth, the present heaven and earth having; heen burnt up. And ns salvation ls muinly future, so thero ls a etato of dam- nation ot which, in theconclurllng portions of lils poom, Milton says little, but which, ns realised for us in tho hell of tho earlier books, ls of supremo importunée. Take tue delinea- tions of boll out of "Paradise Loit.'i' nnd the whole work will collapse. Into tho Krcatest po ¡iii nf Protestantism, as into the greatoit poom of OAtholloism, enters the unuttorable horror which, for nearly two thousand yoara, bas sut as a nightmare rm the breast if Christendom. Neither in Homer nor lu Shakespeare havo we anything corresponding to the Dantesque or Hiltonia hell. Afar, ou the dawning rim of European civilization-written as on tho gnlden bars of morn- ing-are the Homerle pooms. lu modem times, representing ul I that western civilisation has felt, thought, and Imped fur, we havo the works of Shaaespoaro. It ls man as he is, mau on his green world, with Ita summer showers ami its wintry blasts, Its trees that flush ruddy and white with blossom to be smitten Into fruitlessness by the east wind, its gleamings of beauty at morning and evening with long grey hours ol toll between, that lonna the subject of both. lu botli there ls tho shadow. Homer knows of Hades and Its pallid, melancholy ghosts. Shakespeare la for ever wondering and pondering over the secrets of sorrow and of evil, of tho night and ol' tho gravo; and t-otween and mild the rlppliugs of his Infinity laughter, thero aro snatches of tenderest wall. Du*, neither In Homer nor la Bhakespearo is thero anything corres ponding to tho Danteeque or Mllloilo hell. Tho sad looks of the Greeks towards the future ls essentially tho cloud on tho face of the happy child ut tho thought af being neat tn bert, attesting and measuring lils present Joy. A prison-house of the universe, tn which ingenious, exquisite, elaborate torture ls iulllotod to all otern'ty, whether DB described in revoltiug and grotesque detail by Dante, or In.moro sublimo, hut not less appalling, imagery, by Milton, ls so monstrous a concep- tion, that wo may doubt whether warks, of which lt forms mi interesting part, will bo permauoutly enshrined among the household treasures of mankind. We do not ondorsc tho thought expressed in the last sentence of tho preceding extract, because we seo no reason to doubt tiio perma- nency of Milton's fame, oven should men cease to believe in the real existence of tho burning lake, and fearful tortures, which he baa so graphically described. The EDINBURGH REVIEW contains an artic] on tho " Trevelyan Papers,"' au essay on th .' Tulmnd," a paper on '. Kecent Events in AJ gbanistan." and a -uumbér--"of-óthér:-ártiólei 'I'd general readers, the most iutcrcsting.pape in the number is the " Review of Mrs-.G-rote' Memoir of her Husband," the celebrated histc rian of Greece. The following extract convey a; world of sound wisdom to those ambitiou politicians, who are desirous o£ rectifying at bound tho political grievances of their rac« and at the same time serves as a fair sample c the reviewer's style : Tba french Revolution In 1830, and the reform movemei in England which followed ir, rou*ed thia little knot of econ« mitts and philosophers to some degree ol political ambltloi They conoelved ttiat tba tim« was come when very grei changes would be brought about In the oonst»tutlou of th country, hy democratic ascendancy. They Imagined Ilia they had found In Lord Durham, who was himself the mot Imperious and aristocratic ot men, «.suitable leader ; and ttl! they would compel the ohiets nf the Whig party to corry o tho revolution which they desired to effect. Grote er ¡ere Parliament for the city nf Londor. » oho'co which hs owe much more to the universal respect entertained for hi* chi raoter as a banker mid a man of letters, than to nuy aympatb for the moro extreme opinions be may have enterca! ted i poUiicJ. Slr William Molesworth, Ewr.rt, Charles Tiller Mr. Warburton, Roebuck, Charles Buller, Mr. Balk« Gurri* and Mr. Strutt, were the principal or.mments of this sectio (which never exceeded fifteen or twenty members of ttl Houso ot Commons) and they all regarded Ur. Grote s their chief. The Radical party In tho Parliament of 7834 wi undoubtedly moro numerous, and consisted of nearly tift English and Sootcli members. But wo aro speaking hore c the. mora Immediate friends and follower! of Mr, Grol whn did not very willingly associate with men of le» phill anphlcal principles. An attompt waa mad« in 1835 to disci] line the whole of the British Radical party into what wi termed the *. Brigada" by a moro regular party orgarlsatloi but the scheme failed, because O'Connell claimed to join it, ? the head of lils Irish band, and the mora scrupulous membei of the party declined lo act systematically wt-ll him. F< though theso distinguished men profaisod advanced popult and democrats opinion', they none of them bad any personi sympathy or acquaintance with tho people ; still leis ha they any thine In common with theDanlel Whittle Harveys, tr Tom Duncombes, and the Wasleys or tbs day. Their all Tai lor Place, was tho only link between the lleuthamltos an elia populace of Westminster. And Mrs. Orote liai pubUshe a very amusing letter from the h'o Mr, .Joseph Parkes, a soi of runner for tho party, who appears io havo believed that tb attitude of the country in 1832 and the Anal passage of th Reform Bill was mainly duo to its own inestimable service to Queen street-square. The philosophical Radicals wei oirtaliily very much at a loss for «dherent« In the street when they were reduced to rely on snell «gents. But lil trut they sought no such adherents. Their own manners an tutes were to aman fastidious and relined. They felt and e. pressed the utmost oontempt for what they regarded as th gross prejudices and ignorances of the class In whoso nam they fought. They utterly repudiated th« doctrines < philanthropy, based on th« old maxims of Christian oharit and kindness, holdi g them to be mischievous and pcriiiclou to the general interests of society ; they were disposed t make un concessions to the woakuesa and iutirmiUes of ht man nature ; and so far were they from courting oopularlt] that the measures they would have recommended for tb improvement of society were of a harsh and unsympathlsln I character. I .FRASER'S MAGAZINE IS unusually interest ing. It contains amongst other literary no tices, an able review of Syed Ameer Ali' i Critical Examination of the Life and Teach inga of Mahommed." Syed Ameer Ali, thougl a Afahommedan, is a Barrister of the Middl Temple and. a member of tho Royal Asiatii Society. His work is commended by th reviewer. We have not seen the work, am therefore can give no opinion on its merits. A far as we are able to judge from this review o it, Syed Ameer Ali seemingly holds strange opinions on historical subjects. He regards ai the three great calamities which have befalloi tb.3 world, first, the defeat of Xerxes b; the Greeks; second, the victory of Oharlei Martel over the Moors, and third, the unsuc cessful siege of Constantinople by the Saracen! in thc eighth century. Of course he judges o; tho defeats of the Moors and Saracens as J Maho m medan, but with respect to the defeat o: the great Persian braggart, which he regardi as a calamity, we think few even of the mosi liberal of mankind will agree with him. Ai article on tho functions of Government ii India, is thoughtfully written. Thore is niue! truth in the following extract: ? The ordinary Englishman In India may bo taken as a fall type of the nation, and holsworthy nt serious study. . It is his confidence in himself, his Indomitable oaurage boll I moral and phyalciul, lila strict though nar.ow seine of justlci his dogged perseverance, steady Industry, and untiring energ] that have won and kept the country. Wo have cone greai things in India. We have conquered all resistance. Through out our Indian dominions law and order reign supreme. Om energy has Dierced diem with the railway, and girdled their with the telegraph. Splendid mads, magnificent bridget, aiic stately buildings, bear testimony to our material success ai rulers ; but the qualities willoh have achieved these undent able great results have not been successful in the still mon subtle and delicate taalc ot assimilating the subjeot races, o winning tlielr affection and conQdeuce, ruling them in accord' anea with their feelings and customs, evoking their gratitud! and sympathies, or in bringing the political and social gull which ilea between us and them. Perbans lt would he correct tstaay that tbe very.qualities which render us irresistible af conqueror", render us nnab'e to assimilate the races we subdue with ourselves. There ia something accra and bard tn thc EngllBh nature, before which Oriental nations crumble away and lose all cohesion. And thin very hardnesi prevents any assimilation afterwards. Fortunately we can point to om most auocesaful Indian servant as a proof that there are many and brilliant exceptions to thia lacie of Imagination which we have desoribed as a national defect. All the Englishmen who have acquired great Influence ovet Asiatlas, who hr ve commanded tbem successfully In great enterprises, who hara brought out all their best qualities their fidelity, courage, and endurance have been men wac thoroughly understood them, knew their virtues and theil failings, entered into their feelings, sympathised with theil aspirations, and made allowance for their prejudlcci. The system of English education Ia India, judged by any fair test, must be prouonnced a costly failure. Its results are tn be seen ia the shoals of showy, weedy, superiloinllv edu- cated youths, vrhoas a general rule, turn out indolent, dissi- pated men. They abandon all prejudices of oaste, and with them but tao frequently all notlo.is of self-restraint and self respect. They ape our manners with ludicrous effect, and emulate nur vioes withdeoided success. To evokes precoo'ous intelligence wnioh never keeps its promise, and to queroh every spark of native originality and manliness, seems to be sha general result of our English system of éducation. The pliante, plastic, receptiva BaDoo of Bengal eagerly avails him- self of this system, partly from a servile wish to please tho Sahib Höge, and partly from a desire to obtain a Goverpment appointment, the position which nature seems to hr TO specially fitted him to.-. Politically these people are olphera, and need rot bo taken into account. So amount ot sharpness and intelligence can compensate for the want of moral r-irl pliyaioal courage. If wa left India to-morrow, these men would soon be sitting in the offices of our successors, and doing their work with tba same pliancy and In:e'. 'genes with which they now serve us. The classes whom itu mast desirable we should enlighten, the men, whom In any crisis would coma to the front, »hose to whom the matt of the people look up. and who would become leaders in time of danger, ail thiso hold sullenly aloof, and are not to be coaxed or cajoled into acquiring an allen language or learnlngau allen literature. Why Ia this I Bccanse, as usual, we begin at th« wrong ead. Tbere ts a good deal of cant uttered lu connection with Indian affairs, lt ia very desirable that Englishmen should thnioughly realise that our Government In India li a pura despotism, and all tbat this implies. Our right to be there ls simply that of the strongest. Our rule In India would not last four-aud- tweuty hours after the last British soldier was withdrawn. The most sanguine and farseeing statesman can nit foraeo a time when it would bo practicable to withdraw from the country without leaving a legacy of bloodshed, rapine, and anarchy to our Indian follow-subjeoU. And this beoauso wa have to deal with a continent, not with a country, with a number of nationalities, not with home. The hlstery of Europe proves conclusively what Very lutte efiïet a com- mon religion and a common civilisation bave in eradicating der ply-rooted national t> ntl pa th les ; infinitely more difficult would lt be tn reconcile the various peapies under our swr v in India, where the fanaticism of rival faiths ls added to long- standing natlonalenmltles. It is useless, tbereforo, to moirtd our government and legislation with reference to Improbable contingencies in the dim and distant future. The crying need of India at present la rest-rest from fanciful and costly re- forms, and well-meaning but rash experiments. Our policy should bo wisely conservative ; to deal tenderly with native prejudices ; to study caxofully native wants and wishes ; then changes aro necessary to Introduce them cautiously and gradually; to roslit tho growing tendency to subvert aud up- I ?et, under the name of improvement; to give the greatest j amount of personal llbr-rcy compatible with our own security ¡ to maintain law and order with a llrm hand; to give a ch-r aoter of permanency So the spirit of our ruie, and consistency to our alma and measures ; to prevent, the pol'cy of our Govornmutit ohanglng with the changes of governors or the exigencies of party war.are : to enlighten the mass of tho pcoplu by vernacular oduoatlon; to maintain the balance be- tween luooHia and expenditure, even at tho cost af soma ol' that progress willoh 1» more apparent than real, and of that development willoh la of quoationnblo utility. Theso aro tho true functions ot Government In India. Tho most noticeable contributions to ST. PAUL'S is tho " OWI'B K est in the City," a new tale the commencement of which promises well, and tho usual monthly instalment of Mr. Uaring tón. " The) Lay of an Old Pauper," by Mr. Eubulo Evans, is fairly done into bad rhyme, fairly expressive of what we might expect to be tho style of a poetic pauper. Wo have no right to expect better poetry than this from a pauper. I don't behave aa I ought, I warn't never sent to school. And I can't bo thankful for nought, I'm such a poor old fool. But I thlnka^trhen they screws me down. To bury me with the growns,. They'll say, "There's tomo !" tho town As is wusser nor old John Jones 1" BELGRAVIA continues " Strangers and Pil- grims," and gives tho opening of a new tale entitled " Through Fire and Water'' by Mr. F, Talbot. Tho most readable artiste in tho number is called'* KeminiscenceB of Charles Phillips," who created such a profound sensa- tion by his ''-Defence -of ' Courvoisier," the murderer of Lord William Russell, it ap. pears that the outcry which was raised in the newspapers at the time of the trial against Mr.- Phillips was wholly unwarranted. Time however, brings its revenges, and here isjonó <»f them; Phillip» had defended Courvoisier, the murderer or Lard William Kussel! ; and during the course of lbs trial, tho prisoner, taking his counsel aside,' confessed to him lils guilt Phillips was horror-struck, and on tbe point of throwing un" bis brief; but he consulted Baron Parke, wbo sat on the bench beside the judge who wu trying tba case, and ny bira be was advised to proceed with the defence as If nothing had happened. The gravamen of tho charge made by the Examiner was, that tba counsel, having this oonlesslon In bis pocket, made a rolemn appui to beaven to witness bis bellefin the prisoner's Innocence, and that he endeavoured to tbrew the blame ot tba ir urder upon the Innocent female servants. Haring carefully examined Ibe facti, I am ba jud to state that there ls so ground whatever for any such charge. I have seen a pamphlet which contains letters fru-n many of tbe couniel wbo wera then preBeut, positively stating that nothing of tbe kind oc- curred ; and I give an extract from one written by Mr Samuel Warren, in which bo thus disposes of tbs subject-. « i was dining," writes Mr. Warreu," " some time ago with Lord Dalman, when I mentioned to him the serious oban* akalnst you. which had recently been revived by the Examiner, His lordship immedlrtely stated that he had enquired Int« the matter, and found tho ohorge to be utterly unfounded ; that he had spoken on tbe subject to Mr. Baron Ptrse-who sr ton the bench beside Gbiot Justice Tyndal, wbo tried tbs case-and that Baron Parke told him be bad, for reasons of his own. carefully watched every word you uttered ; and ariured Lord Denman that your address was perfectly unex- ceptionable, and that you made no such statement as that which was eubicqnently attributed tn you. The charge Of haviug endeavoured to cast eusplolon upon the female ser- vants ls as easily disposed of. Phillip's cross-examination of these servants took place on Wednesday, aud it was not until the eveulng of the following day Courvoisler admitted to him his guilt." GOOD WORDS continues the_ serials, now running their couvse in it, and Rives a number of other articles, amongst which there is the commencement of an able sketch of the lato Sir Henry Durand, written by Mr. George Smith, the editor of the Friend of India. The number is of average merit. The ENGLISHWOMAN'S REVIEW contains a mass of information on the woman's rights question, and on other subjects related to it. The review opens with an appreciative notice of the late John Stuart Mill, and hus interés-ing articles on the "History of the Married Women's Property Bill," and on wages of feniiiles at home and abroad, in addition to reviews of books, comments on the Events of the Quarter, and on a vaiiety of _ miscellaneous subjects. The work is fairly written, carefully edited, and nicely printed, anc will doubtless command extensivo circulation. It occupies a position in our serial literature which is peculiarly its own; , 