Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTURE. ©Y THE AUTH0EES8 OF ' LADY AUDLEVS 8ECRET,' &a.; [The right of publication lias been purchased by the proprietor* ef tbe Sydney ifoil.] BQOK I.— CHAPTER XH. Lucius has an Interview with a Famous Personage. It iB one thing for a man to make a rash promise, but another thing for him to keep it. A man in love will pledge himself to any enterprise — to any adventure — even to the discovery of a new planet or a new con tinent, should his mistress demand as much. After -contemplating the question from every possible point of view, Lucius Davoren was disposed to think that he had pledged himself to the per formance of something that was more impossible than astronomical or geographical discovery, when lie promised to find Lucille Sivewright's father, or, failing that, obtain for her at least the story of his fate. j At uau ueeuivu u greai puuii u- get me oia man to speak freely of his lost son ; but even with this new light thrown upon the business an Egyptian darkness still surrounded the figure of the missing man. He lad sailed for a certain port. He might be still a ?denizen of that Southern city. Yet what less likely in such a man's career than continued residence any where. The criminal is naturally a wanderer. He las no fixed abiding-place. Fresh woods and pastures xew are the necessity of his contraband existence. Xike a smuggled keg of cognac, he passes from place 'to place under a cloud of mystery. None see him. arrive or depart. Like the chamelion, he changes colour—now wearing dyed whiskers and a wig, now returning to the hues of nature. He has as maty names as the Roman Jupiter. Had Lucius been a free man, he might have gone straight to Rio, and hunted up the traces of the missing man, unaided and alone. He might lave discovered some clue, even after the lapse of years since the sailing of the Spanish merchant man El Dorado. It was just within the limits of possibility that he might have found the man him self. But to do this would have involved the abandon ment of much that was of vital moment to himsielf— 'would have indeed thrown the whole scheme of his existence out of gear; In the first place he was poor,, and his pitiful salary as parish doctor was of inestim able value to him. Now a parish doctor has no more liberty to rove than the parish turncock, and vast 'would be the wonder of the vestry — or the overseers —if informed that the parish surgeon had gone for a fortnight's grouse shooting on the Sutherland hills, or set sail for the Mediterranean in a friend's yacht, or joined one of the great Cook's caravans for Egypt or Peru. Agi∈, Lucius had now the nucleus of a very fair private practice. His patients, for the most part email tradesmen, paid punctually, and there were among them some wealthy traders whose custom was worth having. He saw the beginning, very small it is true, but the beginning of a fortune. That dream of Saville-row was to be realised out of such small beginnings. His patients believed in him, and talked of him ; and, so far as reputation can be made in such a place as the Shadrack Basin district, his reputation 'was fast being made. To turn his back upon all this 'would be to sacrifice, or at any rate to postpone inde finitely, his hope of winning a home for the woman, he loved. Beyond this there remained a third xe&Bon; -why he ?should refrain from setting forth upon that wild-gooBe chase which, however barren as to result, would at leaBt serve to prove him the most devoted and chi Talrous of lovers. To go to Rio was to leave Lucille, and for an indefinite period ; since the business upon which he would go was essentially a business requiring deliberation, ample leisure, time for in quiry, lor, travelling to and fro, time enough to waste in following up trails that might prove false, but which promised fair at starting, time and indomitable patience. How could he afford time and patience with his heart racked by fears for the safety of Xucille ? What might not happen during his absence ? The old man was in so precarious a condi tion that his illness might at any moment take a fatal turn — in a Btate so critical that to deliver him over to a strange doctor, and perhaps a careless one, would be a kind of assassination. ThuB, after profound thought, Lucius determined that even love Bhould not impel him to so rash a course as a voyage to Rio in quest of Ferdinand Sive ?wright. ' After all,' he said to himself, 'there is no wiBer ?saying than that ofJApelles to the cobbler — ' Let every man stick to his own trade.' I may be a clever sur geon, but a very poor detective-officer ; and it will be safer to spend the little money I can spare in employ ing a retired policeman than in trying my 'prentice land in the art of detection. We bluster a good deal in the newspapers about the incompetence of the -police — when they fail to hunt up a criminal who has plunged into the great sea of humanity, leaving no bubble to maxk the place where he went down — yet I doubt if any of those brilliant journalists who furnish indignant editorials on the police ques tion -would do much better in the detective line than the officials whose failures they ridicule. Yes, I will submit the case to Mr. Otranto, the private detec tive.' Once resolved, Lucius lost no more time; but called at Mr. Otranto's office in the City, and was for tunate enough to find that gentleman at home — a plain-mannered little man with a black frock-coat buttoned up to the chin, and the half-military stamp of the ex-policeman strong upon him. He was a brisk little man, too, disinclined to waste time upon un necessary detail. To him Lucius freely confided all he knew about Ferdinand Sivewright — his character, antecedents, the ship in which he sailed, the port from which he went, the approximate date of his departure. Mr. Otranto shrugged his shoulders. He had whistled a little impromptu accompaniment to Mr. Davoren's statement under his breath; a kind of internal whistling, indicative of deepest thought. ' I'm afraid it's not the most hopeful case,' he said ; ' twelve years is a' long time. See what a number of earthquakes and shipwrecks and revolutions what you may call general blow ups you get in a dozen years ; and then consider the case ,of one individual man who may drop through at any moment, who, being by nature a bad lot, will change his name any number of times. However, I can put the business into the lands of a party out yonder who will do all that can be done on the spot.' m Yonder, meaning Rio ? ' inquired Lucius. ' Have you correspondents so far afield? ' ' Sir,' said Mr. Otranto, with a complacent glance st the map of the world which hung against the wall opposite him, ' there are very few corneft of this habitable earth where I have not a corres pondent.' The business was settled without farther dis cussion. Lucius gave Mr. Otranto a substantial deposit, to prove that his inquiry was not prompted by frivolity, and to insure that gentleman's zeal ; private inquiry being, as Mr. Otranto indirectly informed his client, a somewhat expensive luxury. This done. Lucius felt that he had not been false to his pledge. He told Lucille nothing, how ever, except that he meant to keep his promise, so far as it was possible and reasonable for him to keep it. ' If I tell you that I think you foolish for che rishing a wild hope, dearest, you will tell me that I am unkind,' he said, as they paced their favourite walk in the barren old garden at sunset that evening. ' Lucius,' asked Lucille, not long after this, ' I am going to ask you a favour.' ' My dearest, what do I live for except to please your ' ' O, Lucius, a great many things; for your patients, for science, for the hope of being a famous doctor by-and-bye.' ' Only secondary objects in my life now, Lucille. They once made the sum of life, I grant ; they are henceforth no more than means to an end — and that end is the creation of a home for you.' ' How good of you to say that ! I am hardly worthy of such love, when my heart dwells so much upon the past. Yet, Lucius if you could only know how I cling to the memory of that dim strange time, which seems almost as far away as a dream, you would forgive me even for putting that memory above my affection for you.' ' I forgive you freely, darling, for a sentiment which does but prove the tenderness and constancy of your nature. I am content even to hold the second place. But what is the favour you have to aek, Lucille ? ' ' Let me hear you play ; poor grandpapa is seldom down-Btairs of an evening now. There could be no harm in your bringing your violin, and playing a little now and then when he has gone back to his room. His room is so far from the parlour that he would never hear you, and, after all, a violin is not a crime. Do let me hear you, Lucius ! The old sweet sad music will remind me of my father. And I know you play divinely,' she added, looking up at him with innocent admiring eyes. 'What could he do r He was mortal, loved muBic to distraction, and had some belief in his own playing. 'So be it, my sweetest. I'll bring the Amati; but you must Btow him away in some dusky corner between whiles, where your grandfather cannot pos sibly discover him, or he might wreak his vengeance upon my treasure. After all, as you say, there con be no harm in a violin, and it will be hardly a breach of honour for me to play you a sonata now and then, after my patient has gone to bed. Your father must have been a fine player, or his playing would have hardly made such an impression upon you as a child of seven.' ' Yes,' she answered dreamily, 'I suppose it was what you call fine playing. I know that it was sometimes mournful as the cry of a broken heart, sometimes wild and strange — so strange that it has made me cling closer to his knees, as I sat at his feet in the dusky room, afraid to look round lest I should see some unearthly foim conjured out of the shadows by that awful music. You know how children look ' behind them with scared faces as they cower round the Christmas fire, listening to a ghost story. I have felt like that when I listened to my father's playing.' ' I will bring you pleasanter music, Lucille, and conjure no ghosts out of the evening shadows — only happy thoughts of our future.' This was the srelude to many peaceful evenings, full of a placid happiness which knew not satiety. LuciuB brought his Amati, feeling very much like a ' conspirator when he conveyed the instrument into Mr. Sivewright's house by stealth, as it were, and gave it into Lucille's keeping, to be hidden by day, , and only to be brought forth at night, when her grand father had retired to his remote bedchamber, beyond ken of those sweet sounds. I The old woman in the bonnet — who was at once , housekeeper, cook, laundress and parlourmaid in this curious establishment — was of course in the secret. ! But LuciuB had found this ancient female improve upon acquaintance, and he was now upon intimate and friendly terms with her. She had fived for an indefinite length of years in Mr. Sivewright's service — remembering Lucille's childhood in the dark old back rooms in Bond-street — but no power of persua sion could extract any information from her. Upon entering Mr. Sivewright's household in the remote past she had promised to hold her tongue ; and she was religiously silent to this hour. Of the old man she could never be induced to say more than the one expression of her opinion involved in the statement that he was a ' carrack-ter ; ' a remark which, accompanied as it always was with a solemn shake of her head, might be complimentary or other wise. Lucille she praiBed with fondest enthusiasm, but of Lucille's father she said not a word. On the the various occasions when Lucius had ventured to press, his questions on .this subject, she had acted always in the same manner. Her countenance assumed a dork and forbidding aspect ; she abruptly set down the dish, or tray, or teapot, or whatever object she might happen to be carrying, and as abruptly vanished from the room. Persistence here availed nothing. ' Mr. Sivewright bound me over not to talk about his business when he first engaged me,' she said once, when hard pressed by Lucius, who had hoped through her to obtain some better clue to the fate of Ferdinand Sivewright, ' I've held my tongue for uppards o' five and-twenty years. It ain't likely I should begin to blab now.' Although incommunicative, this faithful domestic was not unfriendly. She treated Lucille with an affectionate familiarity, and in a manner took tie lovers under ler wing. ' I was sure and certain, the first time I laid eyes on him, that you and Dr. Davory would keep com pany,' she said to Lucille ; and her protecting influ ence overshadowed the lovers at all times, like the wings of a guardian angel. She evidently regarded herself in the light of Miss Sivewright's duenna ; and i would come away from Bome mysterious operations in j the labyrinthine offices and out-houses of the ancient ! mansion, where she had a piece of lumber which she spoke of casually as her good gentleman, in order to hover about Lucille and Lucius in their walks, or to listen, awe-stricken and open-mouthed, to the strains of the violin. Discovering ere long that this rough unpolished jewel was not wanting in some of lie finpr qualities of the diamond, Lucius admitted Mrs. Wincher, in some measure to his confidence — dis- cussed his future freely in her presence, imparted his hopes and fears, and felt that perhaps within this common husk dwelt the soul of a friend; and ' assuredly neither he nor Lucille could afford to sacri fice a friend on account of external shortcomings. So Mrs. Wincher was accepted by him, bonnet and all, and her hoverings about the pathway of innocent love went unreproved. 'I am so glad you are not angry with Wincher for being a little too familiar,' said Lucille. ' She cannot forget that she took care of me when I was a pobr solitary child in those back rooms in Bond-street, and I know she is faithful and good.' Mrs. Winder's good gentleman was a feeble prowling old man, who took charge of the collection, and pattered about from mom till dewy eve — which, by the way, never was dewy in the Shadrack district — dusting, polishing, arranging, and rearranging Mr. , Sivewright's treasures — a very feeble old man, but learned in all the mysteries of bric-a-brac, and enthu siastic withal ; a man whose skillul hands wandered about among egg- shell china, light as the wing of a butteifiy. He had been Mr. Sivewright's factotum in Bond-street, but was no more in clined to be communicative than Mrs. Wincher, whom he spoke of, with reciprocal respect, as his good lady. Happy summer evenings, when, in the deepening dusk, Lucius awoke the sweet sad strains of his violin, while Lucille sat knitting by the window, and Mrs. Wincher, in the inevitable bonnet, occupied ! the extreme edge of a chair by the door, listening with folded arms and the seriouB attention of a musical critic. ' I can't say but what I've a preference for livelier toons,' she would remark, after patiently awaiting the end of a sonata, 'but the fingering is beautiful, i I like to watch the fingering. My good gentleman used to play the fiddle very sweet afore we was mar ried — ' John Anderson,' and the ' Bird Waltz,' and ' British Grenayders,' and such like — but he | give it up afterwards. There was no time to waste upon music in Bond-street. Up early and abed i late, and very often travel a hundred miles backards and fonards between morning and night to attend a sale in the country — tliat was Mr. Sivewright's motter.' These musical entertainments were naturally of rare occurrence. Mr. Sivewright had been for some time gradually improving, and was more inclined tor society as his Btrength returned, but was, on the other hand, disinclined to come down-stairs ; so Lucius and Lucille had to spend the greater part of their time in his room, where Lucius entertained his patient with I tidings of the outer world, while Lucille made tea at a little table in the narrow space which the collector had left clear in the midst of his crowded chamber. There were a few flowers now in the one unobstructed window, and Lucille had done all she could, with her small means, to make the room pretty and home like. Mr. Sivewright listened while the loverB discussed their future, but with no indulgent ear. ' Love and poverty ! ' he said with his harsh laugh ; ' a nice stock-in-trade upon which to set up in the business of life. However, I suppose you are no more foolish than all the fools who have tra velled the same beaten road before your time, and the same old question remains to be solved by you, just as it has been solved by others — whether the love will outlast the poverty, or the poverty outlive the love.' 'We are not afraid to stand the test,' said Lucius.' ' We are not afraid,' echoed Lucille. CHAPTER XIII. He Fears his Fate too Much. The quiet course of Lucius Davoren's life, so full of hard work and high hopes and simple unalloj ed happiness, was by and by interrupted by a summons from Geoffrey, that spoiled child of for tune, who, in his hour of perplexity, turned again to that stanch friend -whose counsel he had set at naught. This was Geoffrey Hossack's letter : — ' Stillmington, August 13th. ' Dear Lucius, — I daresay you'll be surprised to see me still abiding in this sleepy old place, when yesterday's grey dawn saw the first shot fired on many a moor from York to Inverness. However, here I am, and in sore distress of mind, no nearer a hopeful issue out of my perplexities than I was when you ran down here nearly four months ago to see that dear child. Will you come down again, like a good old fellow, forget how rude and ungracious I was last time I saw you, and hear my difficulties, and help me if you can ? ' After alh you are the only man whose good sense and honour I would trust in such a crisis of my life — the only friend before whom I would bare the secrets of my heart. Do come, and promptly. — Yours, as ever, ' G. H.' Of course Lucius complied. He left London early in the afternoon, and arrived at Stillmington a little before evening. He found Geoffrey waiting on the platform, with much of the old brightness, and youthfulness of aspect, but with a more thoughtful expression than of old in the candid face, a graver look about the firm well-cut mouth. They greeted each other in the usual off-hand manner. ' Uncommonly nice of you to come, old fellow,' ' said Geoffrey. 'I ought to have run up to you, of course, only — only I've taken roet here, you see. I know every post in the streets, every tree in the ever lasting avenues that make the glory of this slow old town. But still I remain. You're looking fagged, J Lucius, but bright as of old.' ' I have been working a little harder than usual, that is all,' replied Lucius, who was disinclined to speak of his new happiness yet awhile. It would be enough time to tell Geoffrey when the future lay clearer before him ; and as he had somewhat ridiculed his friend's passion, he did not care to own himself a slave. ' Now, Geoffrey, what is the matter?' he asked presently, as they strolled slowly along one of thoBe verdant avenueB of lime and chestnut which sur rounded the little gem-like town of Stillmington with a net- work of greenery. ' Still the old story, I suppose ? ' ' Yes, Lucius, the old story, with very little variatibn. She is here, and I can't tear myself away, but go dawdling on from day to day and hour to hour. Half-a-dozen times I have packed my port manteaus and ordered the fiy to take me to lie sta tion, and then at the last moment I have said to myself, ' Why should I go away? I am a free man, and an idle one, and may just as well live here as any where else.' ' 'Ah, Geoff, that comes of your being without a profession.' ' It would be just the same if I were half-way towards tie Woolsack — ay, if I were Lord Chancellor — I should only be torn in twain between my profes sion and my hopeless foolish love.' ' But how does it happen that she — Mrs. Bertram — is Btill here ? Are there perpetual concerts in Still mington ? ' ' No ; but after the little girl's illness, perhaps in consequence of that, she took a disgust for concert singing. She fancied the lurrying from place to place — the excitement caused by frequent change of scene— rbad for her darling's health. Nor was this her only reason ; she has often told me her own dis like of public life. So, when the little girl recovered, Mrs. Bertram advertised for pupils in tie local paper. The doctoT, who had taken a great fancy to her, recommended her to all his patients, and in less than a month she had secured half-a-dozen pupils, and had taken nicer rooms than those in which you saw her. She has now a singing class three times a week. I hear them sol-faing when I pass the win dows during my morning walk. There is even a little brass- plate on the door : ' Mrs. Bertram, teacher of music.' Imagine, Lucius, the woman I love to the verge of idolatry is obliged to put a brass-plate on he ' * dpor and teach squalling misses, while I am wallo wing in wealth.' ' A much better life for any woman than that of a ' public singer,' said Lucius ; ' above all for— ' .. ' 'Such a lovely woman as Jane Bertram. Yes, I agree with you. Wfeo could Bee her and not adore her! But think, Lucius, how superior this woman must be to all the things which most women, love, when she can willingly surrender professional success, the admiration of the public, even the tri umph of her art, for the love of her child, and shut herself in from the world, and resign herself to lead a life as lonely and joyless as the life of a convent.' ' It pro res, as you say, that the lady possesses a superior mind, for which I should have given her credit even without such evidence. But it appears that in her seclusion she has not closed her door against you, since you are so familiar with her opinions and her mode of life.' ' There you are wrong. I have never crossed the threshold of her present abode. On the very day you lelt Stillmington she told me in the plainest words, but with a gentleness that made even unkind words seem sweet, that she could receive no farther visits from me. 4 You have been very good,' she said, ' and in the hour of trouble such friendship as you have shown to m^is very precious. But now the danger is past I can only return to my old position. It is my destiny to live quite alone ; pray do not try to come between me and Fate.'' ' ' You pleaded against this decision, I suppose ? ' ' With all the force of the truest passion that man ever felt. 1 think I was almost eloquent, Lucius, for at the last she burst into tears ; she entreated me to desist, told me that I was too hard upon her, that I tempted her too cruelly. How could I tempt her if Bhe did not care a straw for me ? These ambiguous phrases fanned the flame of hope. I left her at her command, which I dared not disobey, but I stayed in Stillmington.' Si' ' You have stayed on all this time and seen no more ' of her i ' ' Pan si bete . No, I have seen her and talked to her now and then. She is obliged tcr give her child aa airing every fine afternoon. She has no mud here, and the mother and child walk out together. Some times, but not too often, for that would seem like per secution, I contrive to meet them, and join them in their ramble in one of the. long avenues or across a breezy common ; and then, Lucius, for a little while I am in Paradise. We talk of all nianner of thingB ; of life and its many problems, of literature, art, nature, religion, and its deepest mysteries ; but of her past life she never speaks, nor of her dead husband. I have studiously refrained from any word that might seem to pry into her secrets, and every hour I have spent with her has served but to increase my love and honour for her.' ' You have again asked her to be your wife ? ' ' Over and over again, and she has refused with the same steadfast persistence, with a constancy of purpose that knows, no change. And yet, Lucius, I believe she loves me. I am neither such a blockhead nor such a scoundrel as to pursue any woman te whom I was an object of dislike, or even of indifference. But I see her face light up when we meet ; I hear the sweet tremulous tone of her voice when she speaks of the love she refuses to grant me. No, LuciuB, there is no indifference, there is no obstinate coldness Here. God only knowB the reason which keeps us asunder, but to me it is an inexorable mystery.' ' And you have sent for me only to tell me this: In your letter you spoke of my helping you. How can any help of mine aid you here ? ' ' In the first place, because you are a much cleverer fellow than I am, a better judge of human nature, able to read aright much that is a mystery to me. In the second place, you, who art not blinded by passion, ought speedily to 'discover whether I am only fooling myself with the fancy that my love is returned. You know I was just a little inclined to be jealous of you the last time you were here, old fellow.' ' You had not the faintest reason.' ' I know. Of course not. But I was fool enough to grudge you her gratitude. I don't mean to repeat that idiotcy. You are the only friend whose opinions I really respect. The common run of one's acquaint ance I look upon as egotistical monomaniacs ; that is to say, they have all gone mad upon the.subject of self, and are incompetent to reason upon anything that has not self for its centre. But you, Lucius, have a wider mind ; and, I believe, your judgment being untroubled by passion, you will be able to read this mystery aright, to fathom the secret my darkened eyes have vainly striven to pierce.' ' I believe that I can, Geoffrey,' said Lucius gravely. ' But tell me first, do you really wish this ' mystery solved, for good or for evil, at the risk even of disenchantment i ' ' At any hazard ; the present uncertainty is unbear able. I am tortured by the belief that she loves me, and yet withholds her love. That if inclination were h'er only guide, she would be my wife ; and yet she toils on, and lives on, lonely, joyless, with nothing but her child's love to brighten her dreary days.' ' There are many women who find that enough for happiness. But, no doubt, as your wife her Mriafr-np.f- might be gayer, her positiom more secure.' ' Of course. Think of her, Lucius, that loveliest andmost refined among women, slaving for a pittance.' ' I do think of her, I sympathise with her, I admire and honour her,' answered the other, with unwonted earnestness. ' And yet you advise me against marrying her. That seems hardly consistent.' ' I have advised you not to marry her in ignorance of her past life. If she will tell you the secret of that past — without reserve — and you find nothing in the story to damp or kill your love, I will no longer say do not marry her. But there must be nothing kept back— nothing hidden. She must tell you all. even if her heart almost breaks in the telling. Anditwillthen be for you to renounce her and your love, or to take her to your heart of hearts to reign there for ever.' 'I do not fear the test,' cried Geoffrey eagerly. ' She can have nothing to tell me that she should * blush to speak or I to hear. She is all goodness and truth.' ' Have you ever asked for her confidence.' J1 Never. Remember, Lucius, I possess her friend ship only on sufferance. In a moment she may give me my irrevocable dismissal, forbid me ever to speak to her any more, as she has forbidden me to visit her. I could not afford to surrender even those occasional hours -we spend together.' 44 In that case why send for me ? I thought you wanted to bring matters to a crisis.' % ' Why, so I do. Yet at the thought of her anger# % grow the veriest coward. Banishment from her means such unutterable misery, and to offend her iB to pro voke the sentence of banishment.' ' If she is as good and true as you believe, aad as I too believe her to be, she will not be offended by your candour. She may have a confession to maketo you which she could hardly make unasked, but which * once being made might clear away all doubt, remove every impediment to your happiness.' s ? ' You arerightl Yes, I will hazard all, 'Whatis that old verse ? ? ^ i * 1 He either fears hiB fate too much, : Or his desert ia small, „ Who ft are to put it to the touch, And win or lose it all.' ? ' Just imagine my feelings on the twelfth, Lucius, when j I thought of my collection of guns going to rust, aad those Norwegian hills that X had made up my mind to iahoot over this very Auguet.' 5 «? Bravely said, Geoff. And now I will do my uttermost to aid you. I fhinit that I may have some influence with Mrs. Bertram. 9er gratitude exagger ated the trifling service I did her sick child. I will ?write hfer a .letter ; as your friend I can say much more than you could say for yourself. You shall deliver it into her hands, and then ask her, in the simplest, plainest words, to tell you whether she loves ? or 'does not love you ; and, if she owns to caring for you a little, why it is she rejects your love. I think you will come at the truth then.' *' You will write to her ! ' cried Geoffrey aghast. ' You, almOBt a stranger.' ' How can I be a stranger when she thinks I saved her child's life ? Come, Geoffrey, if I am to help you I must go to work in my own way. Give Mrs. Bertram my letter, and I'll answer for it, she will give you her confidence.' Geoffrey looked at his friend with the gaze of sus picion. Yet, after entreating his aid, he could hardly reject it, even if the manner of it seemed clumsy and undiplomatic. ' Very well, I'll do it. Only I must say, it strikes me as a hazardous business. Write your letter, but for heaven's sake remember she is a woman of a most sensitive nature, a most delicate mind ! I implore you not to offend her.' ' I know more of her mind than you do, — by the light of psychology.' ' Very likely,' replied Geoffrey rather gloomily. ' But you haven't hung upon her words or studied her looks day after day as I have done. Psychology is an uncommonly easy way of getting at a woman's mind if you know much of her after a single inter view. However, write your letter, and I'll deliver it. \- I can cut my throat if it makes her angry.' . ' One does not cut one's throat at sevenand twenty,' said Lucius, coolly. ' And now, Geoff, if you have no objection, I should not be sorry to bead my steps towards your hotel with a view to refresh ment. We seem to have wandered rather far afield.' Geoffrey, ir his desire far unrestrained converse with his friend, had led him away from the town, by a winding road that ascended a gentle hill ; a wooded hill covered with the richest green sward, whence they, looked downward on the gentlemanlike town of Stillmington, with its white villas and spotless streets and close-cut lawns and weedless flower beds, over -which the spirits of order and prosperity spread their protecting wings. The respectable family hotel proudly dominated the smaller tenements of the high t street, its well-kept garden gaudy with geraniums, its fountain bubbling mildly in the sunset. ' Come along, old fellow,' Baid Geoffrey ; ' it was rather too bed of me to forget how far you'd travelled. I've ordered dinner for 8 sharp ; and haTk, the clock of Stillmington pai&h; church proclaims half-past 7, ju6t time enough to get rid of the dust of the journey before we sit down. And after — ' ' After dinner,' said Lucius, ' I'll write to Mrs. Bertram.' ' Then by Apollo, as old Lear says, I'll deliver the letter to-night. I couldn't afford to sleep upon it. My courage would evaporate, like Bob Acre's, before morning. Thus, with, simulated lightnesB, spoke the lover, while strange doubts, gnawing fears consumed his heart. 