THE visit of the Secretary for Mines last week to the Ballarat School of Mines will lead to the Mining Department being better informed than before upon the character of the school. Mr Smyth lias asked for information, and Mr Barnard is sure to oblige Mm.to his heart’s content. That done, it -will be the duty of the district, and all other mining representa tives to see that the Minister of Mines in Parliament is urged to a Jit appreciation of the merits of the school. We invite the Sand-' hurst members ! equally with other gold-fields representatives, - to assist in the vote being fairly distributed—“according to the work done.” That is'Mr Mackay’s own phrase', and it is a right sounding one, and if it be rightly ■practised it will be as:good,as it;sounds.The Ballarat school has deceived-since 1871, the date of its birth, £2356, and has expended £2333. Of the £2356 £l5OO came from the Government; and of the £l5OO £3OO have been spent in the school building, £612 on the laboratories, and £ll5 in furniture, &c.; That is, near £lOOO have been spent on the government property, for the reserve and all its belongings are Grown property. Subscriptions,' donations, term fees, and examination and certifi cate fees Make up the balance of the revenue. What has the school done? Made itself a name in the first place, quickened this colony and the sister colonies to a sense of the value of such a technological seminary, and thus begotten schools elsewhere. Since 1871 its students have increased. In 1871 the students were in the several terms or quarters as follows ; 8,10,13, 9; total, 40. In 1872—14, 13, IS, 21; total, 66. In the present year—23 and 30; total, 53, for the half-year only. There have been good groundings in mathe matics, practical mining subjects, mineralogy, metallurgy, and assaying; and so great is the fame of the school, and so appreciative the student public, that the means of the council are not equal to the demand for the education, the school gives, but gives only in too small doles. We leam that there are, at the present moment, applicants entered on ahead for next term, in hope of vacancies in the classes. This means that the school at present can only afford to hire a given amount of teaching power. The council asks more money, both from the Government and from the public, and asserts that with its present. domiciliary ap pointments 1000 scholars might be passed through the several terms of the year. To do that more lecturers would be required, more frequent convening of classes, and that means more money. At the present scale of income the council can only afford one lecturer on each subject for two hours twice a week, though we do not see that the number * of students may not be almost " indefinitely in creased in respect of the subjects already taught, even with the present staff of lecturers. Of course there is a line to be drawn as to numbers as-a mere matter of physical conve nience, but we presume that line has not" yet been approached very near. But there are subjects which the school cannot touch at pre sent for want of means. There is the con struction of mining shafts and drives and the erection of a museum of mine engines and machinery, models and real-, machinery. The council has hadoffers of enginesandothertMngs, but there is ho place in wMch to house them, that they may be exhibited and their working practically taught to students. Then, - instru ments for surveying are required to enable the school to teach surface and underground sur veying, The school reserve offers a site for the erection of a macMnery depot, beheath the floor of which shafts may descend and drives' be constructed, so that the whole art of deep sinking and mining might be placed bodily and practically before the eye of the student; And, more. Such a depot would be a kind of per petual exhibition of industrial art, for the depot would always be open to receive either new inventions or old ones, or .models of such ; things, and the general public would be able, to get hints of knowledge, as well -as amuse ment at such' a display; The business men Of Ballarat would see in a moment their' interest in aiding-to make -the machinery depot a museum of. real value, and of incessantly in creasing value. A livelier co-operation of the public generally, and of the Government too, is required to make the work already done by the school more and more fruitful Mr, Flude has an admirably furnished labofatofyj there is the basis of a museum .of minerals, the ghost of a library, but all is but the beginning of a scheme capable of, and absolutely requiring, large extension. The Secretary for Mines has promised models of all the miggets not yet represented in the museum,, and if mining companies would furnish sec tional drawings of their shafts, showing the Muds and depths of strata gone through in sinMng, and give generally a record of ' the area and worMngs -of . the mine per plan, the museum would be all the more instructive and attractive. We, years ago, advocated the creation of a pictorial record of the whole field, not only as a memorial of the past, but as a guide to continuing enterprise, and the School of Mines is the place to give such a record a dwelling place. Then there is the testing of pyrites which, the - school wants to go into, but cannot on i? .anJ: adequate .scale, for. want of funds. This subject touches quartz mining . vitally, ; and- quartzg, mining s is more and more vital to our future. Already good work , has been done in Mr Flude’s de partment, and his assays are public property in many parts of .Victoria, but for the due ex perimenting in ‘ pyritous ores, a reverberatory furnace, and proper triturating and amalga mating apparatus are required. This, too, means money, and the school gives this fact as a part of the information to the public as well as to the Mining Department arid-the 'Legislative : Assembly. A good deal of teach ing in mapping and drawing has -been done,- and we have before us now some well- executed circulars,’ issued from the. lithographic' press worked in the school As we Tjaye stated,-the school has laid the . foundations of a large and very practical cameulum, part of which is even now being worked, but to apply the whole scheme,' and apply it so as to meet the actual wants of the time., and the colony, the school must have funds, and.for this the coun cil appeals ..both to the Government andto the public. The appeal is an honest one, and we trust that it wUI have the attention it de serves. - ,‘TfB 'Stawell cihimhblders' must' be"‘as the’ British at Waterlod were in’fhe 'eyes of that tremendous political jumper "Napoleon I.' They have been beaten over and over again, and they will not see it, but keep bn. fighting. • On Fri day they were anhiMlated absolutely, lost be yond redemption, and oh Saturday they turn up again as fresh as ever, flourishing a ; rule nisi for a prohibition and stay of' proceedings before their enemies. It is a very carnival for the lawyers, and gives an agreeable, titillation to affairs on the exchanges where “jumps’’are- But yesterday the jumpers, by the 'mouth of their pfpphetj.breaffied blended waih-' ings and invitations, upon a foe so. prostrate and done up that very pity tempered the blast of triumph to a cadence less terrible ; it would have been had the whipping, per, Cope; been less exhausting. To-day. the worm turns with the “rule” and bleeds but’fights, Deus Mackay holds -his hand meanwhile, and as things- stand nobody knows how the war will end. . The rule is, yet to be argued, and it is probable the refusal of the rule would be an end, in some sense, but if the rule be granted, then we, may look for a weary campaign in which the litigants will be looted right and left by the law] .For the luxury of disputes like these is not to be made vulgar by cheapness, nor can the chaotic condition of pur ; happy. mining industry be sufficiently illustrated without a large expendi ture of cash at conveniently, recurring inter vals. By-and-by,-perhaps, : we.;• shall arrive at a stage in wMch people will see that they are fools for permitting the mining chaos -to con tinue. If ever that stage does come, we may then get rid of. the miner’s-right, make tecni cal defects in holdings curable by fines, have one code instead of half a score, and the miner really know something about what he is liable to, what he has to do, and how to do it. 