SOTTING- HP WITH A CORPSE. A REAL GHOST flTOBY. It is not worth while to tell me that tne spirits of thedead never walk this earth, to be seen by mortal eyes, after they have taken leave of their I olaveT tenements — I know better. Bobert Dale I Owen may write to favour of dead men coming I I bark to visit the scenes of their mortal toils, and 1 a thousand others may write against it s it is all j one to me. I shaU have my own opinion, until I j J try to oome baokmyselfand can't, and itispfoved j I to pie, by the best authority of the spiritual world, j I thai rid one else can. »You will say, I make no 1 j donbt£ as my friends tave always done, that my 1 feato afermed me, and that my excited imagine- 1 tion caused me to fancy that I saw the 1 myoia friend, Dr. Benton Atmok, and heard his I voice speaking to sne/ when ! knew he w» ® I orushed arid mangled porpse,er you wdl oonolude j that I mtofc kavebtoritoleep. i mistakes to either hy pothesis. In the fiMt plaog, I I was not a timid man. I never htohwn afraid , oftfuytidugto earth, air Or sea. I had .leaped la&vafflesswmH; I « Tarn o' Shanter' visions bad ever yet caused me i to quioken my paoe. I had been, ail my life, a sturdy, hard-working person; so no sick, puling f anciea had haunted me through long, weary days of idleness working for twelve hoars on the stretoh, until you are wearied to death, and sleeping like a log for ten, is not conducive to romancing, nor did I. wish it to be. I had no thought of writing novels, or even ' ghost stories,' in those days. I was a plodding chancery lawyer, never venturing .te make a speech, but drudging, as I have said, ior the clothes I wore, and the food by which life was kept to my body. Dr. Fentou Atwiok h%d moved to Darby town ten years: before. It was well he had an annuity to fall back upon, Ipr there was no need of his diploma, er any science here. He had had a case \- or so of ' ague and fever,' and sometimes in the autumn a few chills— nothing more. Strange that Dr. Atwick's should have been the first death! Alas, poor physician, thou wast ' unable to heal thyself!' Our salubrious olimate and braeing mountain fur might baffie every effort of miasm to find a victim amongst us. But accident— the creature of fete— how unforeseen, how impossible to guard against its treacherous dealings. The veriest invalid on earth waa.eafer from that than | hale, heazty Fenton Atwick. | I don'Aknow how, I got toto a sort of reverie ! one evening— thinking of our lives, and the popular idea that we all have a ' mission' to per form. I wasn't given to snoh things. I should as soon have thought of joining an open troupe — having no more idea of music than a steam- engine —as turning metaphysician. But there I eat, looking out of my window on the giant moun tain, ablaze with golden aureola of the setting sun, with my pen behind my ear, and a ponder ous volume of Goke all unheeded before me, asking myself over and over again, of what avail my life had been to myself or others, and whither it was tending, until the light died too from the western sky, and the shadows of night, or pf death, crept, darker and darker, into the room. ' Pshaw !' I exclaimed, ' I am as visionary as a ohild emerging from, or an old man going into the realms of the unknown. Yery soon we too j will be duBt, as our ancestors we — perhaps a part of that which the young man, galloping madly by a few moments ago, sent ourling into my window here, over my books and into my nostrils. And then our children (not mine, of course, as I am a baohelor, but other people's) will look out of this very window, as I am doing now, and wonder what they were made for, and whitherward they are tending. And they will find themselves — in the dark as I am.' I struck myself a sharp blow j on the forehead, as if by this means I should ef fectually floor the goblin thoughts that were bewitching me; and drawing a parlor m&toh; across the green serge that ccvered my table, I j lit my lamp and reopened my book. But, strange I to say, I could not collect my thoughts, j ' I am tempted,' I muttered, ' to go for Atwick and Fleet and Jones, and have a rubber at whist, for it seems I am determined to be at oroes pur poses with time this evening.' I sprang up out of my ohair as I oonoluded, for a heavy ' thud,' like the falling of a human body, struck distinctly on my ear. I glanced hastily around the room, ami as nothing was disturbed, listened for a repetition of the sound from without ; but the silence was profound, and I took up my book again. A moment more, and I heard some one walking rapidly down the street. 'It is some visitor to me, I hope.' But no ; the footsteps paseed on. Then there came the sound of running feet — one, two, three separate persons going by. Then there was -a hasty tread on my own steps, and som8 one came up. j turned quickly as the ; door was pushed op9n. ' Ah, Fleet, it is you ! I am glad to see you. I Oome in.' He did come in ; and then I saw, by i the lamp, that there was a ghastly lock upon him, frightful to behold. ' Come, Jerry,' he said, while his teeth chat tered. ' I have been sent to fetch you. A fear ful accident has just happened. Dr. Atwick — ' ' What ?' I asked, while a shudder I thought te be mortal ran through and through me. ' Is already dead, and as I havs told yon, by an accident ss horrible as it is unforeseen. Jones was with him in his office, and they had rises to come up here, when Atwick extinguished his lamp, and turning suddenly, stepped out of the window instead of the door, aud fell upon the rocks below. He was a dead man when Jones got down to him.' My God, how horrible !' I was at the scene of the catastrophe in a few I moments. And there, laid out already with the 1 I grim formalities of death, I gazed upon the dead I body &t; my friend Atwick, whom I had beheld 1 but a few hours before in the perfection of health j —a mangled, bloody corpse, lying still upon the I pavement, with a crowd of people gathered, like I ghostly statues, to the twilight about it. Some I of the men had already constructed a litter. I j was requested, as I knew Mrs. Atwick, perhaps j better than any one in the village, to hasten on ( before, aud break the hideous truth to her as i gety as I oould. I shrank backj appalled. 1 Demurring and fearfnl, I should positively have declined this painful duty of friendship, but for. 1 the temporary absence of onr rector, and the I necessity of speedy action to some one. The | statement of a great writer that there is some- | thing not altogether unpleasant to us to the mis- I fortunes of our dearest frsends, is a rank libel I upon even medium human nature. I should sot 1 have been more distressed if Mary Atwiok, the j woman to whom I was going on each an errand, 1 had been my own sister. And yet, my acquain- I fcftiifiA vifti hfii VAfl vafv filiohfi. Shfl was ftfiv thing but a popular woman ; she had mingled but little with the people of the village, and had thus remained without friends, while Atwiok himself had been a universal favourite. I had I visited his houe on more social terms than pay ! one else, I: believe,. and though Ihad ucver found ! her yarying from a cold and haughty reserve, L I had every reason to believe. |het: Atwick was I devotedly attached to her and his children. If,i i however, I had known it toffe pthprtrite— it they had been to each other olgeots -of mutual indif ference, or aometimes even, of avprrioa, should I hot still Have hesitated to break the qidti; Ot a household with tidings of each a death to one of its members? Yet, I was so strioken withn< dumb sort of amuament, tbftt I had realized I ribihim of my pitiop, and had iiot a thought of wfratT was toeay-- even when Jdound my hand uppn the . gate jthe yprd-inolosqre. Alii : at oaoe, however, .a sepsq.of whri I htl come to do struck terrpr to my soyul, &nd.to;&mm;& shudder I had experienced in my ojffioCj thrilled me. from head to 'foot. ; here ;we?e niights about the house as I we»t upithe .gravelt; walln But I thought Eomehne had come; on the.eame errand, ' as I e&w; the figure of a paan going np the steps berore mctu;I paused «|u instentjontheireshld ot the portioo, waiting for the figure, with its back to ward me, to lift the knocker to strike for admission, when the door flew open without a sound, and the person entering revealed to the— " my God !— the bloodstained features of Fenton Atwiok himself! 'How, how!' I oried; 'have you recovered sufficiently to get here before me, and alone ?' It moved toward the door of an inner room, beckoning to me with its mutilated, bloody hand. Aud a voice that I ehoald have known, without the words, belonged to nothings, mortal, said slowly: 1 am here, in the spirifcpbefore you, Jerry ; my body follows on apace. Over it 'I have no further oontrol. But, " that thou dceBt, do quickly," or poor Mark's heart will be broken. I was s till looking, when the figure vanished, as Iknew.it would, and I was again alone in. the moonlight. Wondering, amazed, everything, bur.' frightened, I pattsed a moment in dumbfoundered bewilderaient. .There was no strongeremotiou toheartorntod th»B>bitter sorrow jfar the wo man upstairs, as I stepped back and gave a long, load rap upon thedrior. A servant came to light the lamp in the hall, mid admitted me. Mrs. Atwiok esme to is rimmehi. Her face was whiter than the gown Bhe wore, as she: looked at " me, ' I was at my window upstairs, when I saw you come in at the gate, with Dr. Atwick betide you. Tell me where he has gone !' _ I tried to speak to her, but I could not. My lips were etill sealed, when all at once she went down on her knees, crying oat that ' he was dead.' She asked no confirmation from me of the horrible truth tbat had come upon her. I never saw any creature go on e.a she did in my life, and I hope, in God's mercy, that I never may. When I spoke to her, at last, she railed oat at me, ' to be gone, and leave her alone, for I had murdered him !' I think her mind had entirely lost its balance. I knocked at the door of the next house and bade the woman go to her, for I could do nothing. They had taken her upstairs, when the heavy tramp of the men with the latter was heard without. ' He has shown" no symptoms of returning con sciousness, I suppose ?' I said to Fleet. ' Consciousness ! I should think not, when he was dead even before Jones had lifted him from the earth,' I was answered. When the body was laid oat — in spite of the horror th&t; came over me by its presence— I looked at it. I knew that - he was dead, as yon or I will be when we have slept beneath the sod a thousand years. And yet I oould not divest myself of the idea that there wab a latent expression of consciousness about the fece. I saw it through the congealed blood upon his temple— even after I had touched his brow with my fingers, and found it colder than the marble Blab upon the table close at hand. No wonder they should tell me I web white and Bick ! Men have been as pale with far less cause. They sent me home with a young fellow named Oompton. He and I, and some others, were to sit up the next night. I had not slept one wink when the day dawned again ; but I was glad to walk about beneath the light of the sup, and be able to talk of that fearful accident with my fel low townsmen, though to so Btrange and subdued a voice. When the evening came, I went back to the widowed house again. Tae horror of the thing seemed as fresh npon them all as on the evening before ; and strong men sat in the Bhadow of this great calamity, with eyes on which the mist of tears had gathered, erer and anon, and talked— if at all — in hushed whispers to eaoh other. It was the old-fashioned way, and we were sitting . in the room with the corpse. It was considerably y past midnight, when I took a book from the little table, on which a pot of coffee had been placed, and began to read. Soon after this, three of th8 men proposed a walk ; but, as Charley Fleet and Compton were to remain, I said nothing. I was still reading, and wiie awake and as free from fear as I ever was in my life, when the same shudder I have spoken of twice before ran over me from head to foot, and froze the hlood in my atos. The book dropped from tny hands. I looked up, and saw Fleet and Oompton both asleep in their chairs I strove to oad them, but my tongue refused to utter a sound. And again the voioe I had heard upon the portico came to me, to low, but distinct tones : — ' Hurry to the dispensary, or it will be too . late ; Mary is there. My spirit can no longer strive with her ; it is departing from earth." I turned my head, with a fearful sort of attraction, toward the body. The sheet was turned down, and the faoe exposed to view. The ghastliness of death was still there ; . but the face looked at me. ' My God, Compton, look, look at that !' He sprang to his feet in an instant. ' How did it happen ? Where are they all ? His wife must have been here while we were dozing.' I knew that I had never been farther from sleep ; but his voice reassured me, though he said he had heard nothing, and I rose hastily, Quick, to the dispensary !' He followed me in amazement to the little room in the rer of the house, where Fenton Atwick had kept a supply of medioines, which he often dis tributed! gratis, to the hands of a factory, five miles down the river. I hastily pushed the door open, and beheld Mrs. Atwick, standing by a desk. Ab I sprang forward, she fell, faoe downward on the floor. We lifted her to a sofa, bnt she was dead! A phial of prussia aoid was open on the desk. In any business never wade into water where yon cannot see bottom. An applioant for a pair of boots at one of our shoe- shops was asked what number he wore, and replied, as soon as he could < recover from his surprise, . " Why, two, of - course."— American - TapW" Mban.— The meanest man on record is a Yer- „ . , monter, who refusea to pay his first wife the money which he borrowed frbm her to buy an Indiana divoroe and oover Ahe expense of the - wedding tourwith anotherlady. 4 Man a Slavb.— A<»ordtog jfco a writer in ;.> "Blackwood/' evefy man who is riot a monster, a." ' mathematician, or a mad hilbehpher, is the slave wf tome woman or other. 1 V . A WEW Weeks since the Bev. Dr. M— pastor of the High ChaTch Baptist ' ooiqregatidn in one of the thriving Oities of New Jersey, received the following note t— Deri1 DifetbrYoU would greatly oblige one of yonr YririfohMers % at an " eariy honr, you wouldpreachon E<riiatto iii, last clause .tffil: to,"',, dance.' " On the following Sabbath evening the doctor created quito-fr ronsation to the oongisn- tion by reading the note, arid Mingu When t shall have become' fdlfy totisfied that tbe im- portant doty of daabi4| 4s riegltrfl Ifttoy coh. ' gregation, rest assured I will give all needful admonition on the subject," 