; . . THE SPIRITISTS OUTDONE. - . i ; ' Tho.! London correspondent of the. / Bir mingham Fost ' writes :— "If any .devout .Spiritists prevail in tho Midlands, they should 'mako .a- pilgrimage at onco' to- tlio Crystal Palaqo ot' Sydenbomi " Thoro are two mcdioms there, Mr. Mnskolcno and Mr. ., Cooke, who bare great qualifications for astounding them". They, greatly Burpass tbo, 'Dqyqnport Brothers: They' mako tables dancoj-walking sticks coh- vof so, .wreaths of flowers to.float through Iho air— -not in tho dork scqneo,. but in; tho-qpqn daylight. Tho nudionco are not. required to sit round in tho dork, .holding each others; honds liko so many idiots, -but with. powerful opeirarglasses in tboir bands/ are invited on tho stagoj nnd eit there during the performance — " manifestations' I ought to say. cabinet is placed before tho audienco, eiovatod sq.thdt porsons coosee under.it, and over it; and on both sides of.it, and incredulous auditors nro- permittod on, tbo stago, who can watob bohind' it.?1' Tbo floor,' below is covered with a carpel- which renders ; tbo ,'uso: of a trnp-door impos sible, and thero are no possible means by wliiqb persons placed in tbo box could escape from it witbont observation, yet a man enters' tbo box, bis logs are locked in heavy wooden stocks; wben" tho, door is opened tho man is.gono nnd ho ono can concciyo in what' way ho -bas dis appeared. Ha "returns to bis box in tbo garb' of a gorilla manifesting Satanio proclivities: Ho suocccds in dragging into bis cabinet one KiDg' Bill, a butcher, and botk" gorilla and bntqbor nro gooo whoh - tbo door is : again opened ; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to bo on tbo stage," and a very incredulous and. suspicious gontlcmdn'from tbo holy of the meeting, yet neither could discover lionUho disappearances came about.:: AVbotber tho gorilla ato tho butobnr, or whetbeg' tho butoVer ato tbo gorilla, or whether botb atobach otbein no ono was able to soy or to suggest in whatlpcssiblo , 'manner tlicy eould havb dia-. appeared, v Tlio, Maskelcno and Cooko spirits' oxool.ill others that ' have over troubled tbo worldbcfore:, Tbo Davenport Brothers were' always: found in - tboir cabinet. They wore liko spirits who bad. lost tboir logs, they hover poold m away. But these spirits disappear with vclooity. . For a long timo tbo Spiritists- havo.boi\n, so thoy say! gqlting tbo better 'of tho world, but now tlio children of tbo world liavo got'tbo better of the spirits!', Mr.Masko- lene and Mr. Cooko play Spiritists' pranks whioh no Cqok-ldno ghost could prctond to, and which would bare brought Dr. Johnson down upon, bis knees in wonder : and' ddoration. Two' centuries ago, tlio end of Messrs. Maskoleno and Cooko would havo boon fire and faggot." 