SIAWTTLTORu N MUTUAL "ItlPIROYE. IiENT ASSOCIATION. The usual weekly mneoting of tho abovo association was held in the Wesloyan school room, on Friday evening. After the pro liminary business, the Chairman, Mr. J'. Parker, called. on thoe Rev. L. Fison to read his paper on " Wealth, Value, and Profit." Thn. following is the substance of the essay: Wealth, Valuo, Profit- those are the sub jects w,hich aro to engage our ithtoutipn. this, evening ;: and truly they open before us so vast a field that our difficulty will be, not to find something to say, but to compress what must be said, within the tiime at, our disposal Of thq very greatest importance also are they, for on the right understanding of them de ponds the right understanding of the seience. of political. con mny, the Ii ghost and. noblesl of all. sionges, if. interpreted aright, as that which, tenches, not how to make money, but how. to do justico. 1 have put Wealth and Valup before L.rofit becauso it in neces?ary to come to a right understanding as to tlhosd terms, in order that we may be quite clear us to this. Fir sineo Wealth is the posses. sin of what is valuable, it is evident that we m tdtt Icknow what true wealth is before we can klnow wlhat to prize and what to consider as prolit. It is also evidlent that in order to naeertain ii)0 nature of true wealth we must. first determine the nature of true value. Value our political cronomists define as " that. quality in anything which fits it to be given or received in oxchange, or, in other words,, to be lent or sold, hired or purchased." That, is, Value is not an absolute, but a relative, quality-a thing being valuable only in relan. tion to something else, and the measure ofelit, value being the quantity of that other thing for which te can exchange it. Hence it is evidlent that, according to this dofinition, lValue is regulated by dem,atud and supply, and must vary as they viary. A ton of gold, under ordinary circumstances, is worth many tlhousand sheep ; but to a starving mariner, shipwrecked on a desert island, many thou-. sand tons of gold would be but a poor ex. change for it solitary leg of mutton. "The word Value," says John Stuart Mill, " whl?n' used without adjunct, always meoans Value in exchango." Nolthing, therefore, is vnluable which does not possess exchangeable value. Is this so ? I cantnot exchange noses withl mIy good frienod Mr. Parker, nevertheless I beg to remark that may nose is not without. its value, and that I cannot conceive of any pecuniary temptation strong enough to induce. mee to part with it. Money value is always. in the thoughts of our political economists, and that, too, the present money value-i.e., how much money can be got at this present. time for the thing whose value is under con-. sitleration. In short, their idea of value is. always that of mercantile, or exchangeable. value, and they degrade political economny. into the art of getting-a nmean and paltry art;. whereas it is tile science of. gaining-a very noble science if rightly understood. The. distinction which I snake between getting and gaining will become apparent as we go. on. I maintain that we must seek for a defi nition of value better and higher than that; which our political economists give us; tiat. the true value of a thing is not the price. which any one man or any number of men. can be induced to give for it, but its power. of benefiting mankind ill general-in other. words, that, in estimating the value of a thing. we have to consider,, not " Wihat will it fetch, in the market ?" but " How much good will. it do ?" Value, then, is a fixed inherentt. quality altogether indtlependent of price, and. which does not vary with the fluctuations of' price-tlhe price of it thintg being what men. will give for it, while its value is the standard: of what they ough to give. Men,, being it-. iiornut of the true Inwesof politieal econoulny,. beetuse they have been taughtt to look upon. self-seeking as the root thereof; have made. Pr'ice the standard of Value, instead of taking; Value a. tihe standard of Price ; whence it. has come to pass that they have lost sightt of tIe true definition of Value-viz., Power f'or good. Observe, tllis is no unpractical thee-. logian's view. It is the only true and. reon sonable definition of the teornm; and, tlhe world will vet have to acknowledge tlhat the only thotroughly practical mien. are thoso whom it. has got into the habit of calling visionary and. unpractical. Unfortunately it has not learned. to look beyond the market price, or value in. exchanrge, and whatever brings a great price. it declares to be of great value ;. but I repeat. that the real question as to. tile value of a, thing is not " What will it fetch in the mar ktot P" but " What good will it do ?" or, in, other words, "To what does it avail ?" For,, how great soevor maosy be its market price,. yes if it avail nothing to the benelit of man kind it is worth nothing, and, no eagerness of' meon to buy it, nor willingness of fools to give. a great price for it can increase its value;; while if it tend to injunre mankind, its value. is a. negative quantity, or less than. nothing,, oven though much money may be gladly gixen, for it. But if it a.tail for good- if it. tend to benefit the community-then is it. valuable, even though no trader will trouble. himlself with. it, and no man, will buy it valuable,.not only as bringing in the unseen, and impallpablo coin of Heaven, whereof our. present system of political economy knows. little and cares less;- but also as winning. most assuredly, sooner or later, even.tlthe mta-. terial coiu of earth i theb greatest abundance.. This will appear more fully when we treat of Profit. T'Je nobles definition.of Value withl which I have meot is that given, by Mr. Rus-. kin on the 118th page of his. Unto this. Last." " Mueh store," he says, " has. beoa. set for centuries upon the use of our English. classical education. It were to be wishod. that; our well educated morehants recalled to. mind this mucll of their Latin schooling-. tlhtmt the nominative of 'Valorcnat-a word al-. ready sufficiently familiar to them-is .alor,, from 'llermo, to be woll, or strong-strong int life, if a mal, or valiant; strong for life, if a. thing,.or valuable. To be valuable, then, is. ' to avail towards life.' A truly valuable or. availing thiing is that which leads tolife with. its wholo struength. IIIn roportiou as it does. not lead to lifo,.or as its strength is. broken,. it is less valuable: in ieroportion, as it loads. away fronm lilfe it is unvlutable or maligtant. Tihe value olfnt thiltg, thelruf'otre, is indeie)r. dest of opinionii or of quantity. Thlink what. you will of it, gain how mtch. yot, may of it,. tihe viluo of a-. thing itself is neithloUC greatr nor less. For over it avails or ivilt nvail s. not. No esuttmate eao raise, ino dlislain depress, th;lo. liowur which it Ilollds f'rom.lthe M kler of tll, things and men." But since, strictly speak ing, a thing can have no power of itself, and cannot by itself avail for either good or ill, tile moro correct definition of value would be, not as the political ecouonmists give it, That quality in anything which fits it to be given or received in exchange," but " That quality in anything which fits it to be used for the benefit of maukiud." Accepting this defi nition of value, we shall be ablo to come to a right understanding as to the nalureo of Venalth : but first let us hear what our po litical economists say obout it. " Wealth," says ,TJlli Stuart Mill, " consistsof all useful and agreeable articles which possess exchange. able value." "Under the term Wealth," says Mr. Senior, " we comprehend all those things, and all those things only, which are trnhsforable, are limited ill supply, and are directly or indirectly productive of pleasure, or' preventive of pain ; or, to tuse a11 equi valent expression, which are susceptible of exchange, using this word ' exchange ' to do note hiring as well as absoluteo purchase; or, to use a third equivalent expression, which havo value." So then, a thing, in order to be considered wealtlh, must, according to Hill, bo " useful or agreeable," and must have ex changeable value-in other words, we must be able to make it our own, and to buy or hire something else witht it if we choose. To these conditions Mr. Senior adds a third- that it be limited in supply. Ouce more we have to note that the idea of money vaile or price underlies these definitions. No man who had not that idea in his head could give such delinitions of wealth. According to those definitions, light anldt air fr?rm no part of wealth. They aro indeed both useful and agreeable, but they possess no exchangeable value, nor, thank Gotl, are they limited ill supply. At least, [eo does not limit them ; but when we are ftaolishr enough to stint our. selves of that abundarnce whvere?vitlr he has supplied them, and so bring plague and pestilence upon the land, we learn, or at least we ought to learn, that they have a money value whiclh may be estimated by the actual money loss caused by their absence, andtl that they have also a vailu infinitely hirlher than aniry which can be expressed in £ s. d.-n value which may be aplroxilmated to, though not fully estimated, by the graves iut our Godacres, tihe gap,. in, our household rings, the bitter teats, the bleeding hearts, and the wailing of Rachel wv?epinrg for her chlildre't, and refusing to be cnorforted because they arJ not. Continually bcund d.rwnr by the idea of money value, our political economists have never been aible to rise to ia just estimate of \ Wealth-tlhey have never been able to look upon it apart f'rorm Price, and therefore those things wliich have been snuneht alter in 13he markeot they have called 1ernlth. It is true. that they speakr of it ra consisting of " usofuJ. and agreeable articles," but their measure of tlhis utility and this agreeableness is always, directly or indirectly, the imarket price thereof ;. arnd even. when they define W\Veirtll. as consisting of thiugs productive of pleasure or Ipreventive of' pain,. they mean that thing is wealtll, not because it has tiose qualities, but because those qualities cause men to.de. sire it, and make them willing to pay f:c it.. 'To be conscluded ,rext wee.e/ 