ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATKEB, &c.; On Monday sight Arthur Gainfer made his first appearance in Victoria. He has an easy, n&foral; manner, and a prepossessing exterior. He looks, in short, what we un derstand by a gentleman, and your stage gentleman is so scarce a thing! that when he is seen he is worth particularly mentioning. I do not'know if Mr. Gamer is to be Included in the list of those stare and semi-stars who' have come out as the result of Mr. Ear. j wood's visit to England; but if he is, then have the management reserved s their trump . card tc» the last Not that Mr. Garner is a prodigy, or a celebrity, or a genius; in fact, nothing could exceed the quiet modesty with which he was announced-so quietly, indeed, had his advent been heralded, that when he came on in that bright little comedy, " Kind to a Fault," there were a good many people in the house who had forgotten he was to make his first bow that evening. Those savages in the gallery, indeed, seemed to regard his appearance as an excellent opportunity of indulging in that Yahoo badinage at which they are such expert practitioners. So they commenced to howl like demi-wolves, and to interject requests after their manner-that he would "Speak up, and speak slowly." Apparently the policeman has no place in the gallery of the Royal, so that unless Mr. Cavanagh, the ubiquitous and genial boxkeeper, can "spot" any particular boy from his post of observa tion, and catch him in the act of making the night hideous with his bellowings, there, is not much chance of putting an end to these Mohawkian interjections. There may be more to say on this matter anon; meanwhile it is satisfactory to be able to record that Mr. Garner triumphed over the savages, and that in a very little time from his being yahooed, he was demonstratively applauded, and that finally he was called on. Not that I think these calls-before the curtain are any sufficient test of an actor's merit; for I have known some of the very worst actors we have ever hadin Melbourne called on with an uproarious scream. Nevertheless, if calls were an indication of merit, Mr. Garner, on this ground alone, would have to be credited with a very high degree of merit indeed. If he is to be judged by, this one character, I have no hesitation whatever in forecasting his position on the Melbourne stage. He seems intelligent, and he is certainly re fined, and he puts onequite at one's ease by appearingto be perfectly at ease himself. The piece in which he made his first ap pearance is announced as by the late Mr. William B rough. I do not think it . has ever been played in Melbourne before, but it will certainly be played a many times'in the future. The odd circumstance about it is that it has no plot tospeak of. A young lady appears to have eloped from her home, for no purpose whatever that I could dis cover. - She misses the gentleman she is going to meet, and, in male attire, takes refuge in the chambers of a gentleman of whom she knowshardly anything. A married lady runs away from her husband, and she also takes refuge in the same house, and also for no obvious reason. . The lover and the husband are both , necessarily enraged, and the innocent occupier of the rooms is made the object of the single lady's loyer and father and the married lady's husband's vengeance< As he is somehow, in' addition; complicated with theloves of a groomand a serving-woman -though how, or for what dramatfc reason; is quite beyond the,,power of ascertaining-he has confessedly plenty upon his hands, espe cially as his landlady flies at him with all the fury of the outraged virtue of which a mature lodginghouse-keeper is generally un. ?1 derstood to iw capable. ; Necessarily evepr. thingis Jinallyset tight, though why things 4#iopld ever h^ve,,got wropg I am not pre pared to say. The effect upon the mind of the audience, however, js of air agreeable kind, and if ' the audience1 had gobe away at the end' of -f Kind to a Kaulk" they would .-have- gotoe awaywith agree ' .able recollections, the more especially aa (lie1 piece will be agreeably remembered in asso ciation with Miss,, Juno's return1 after alohg absence froru theRoyaL And Miss Junoiij going away to 'America. Everybody is softy she .is going, but then Miss Juno may say ".Quefair?? JSo,whenshe bids goofl-byejto , : us we wiU all believethat, like some other misfortunes, that of her going -avt^ay is lor the best, and jrjll jrefusq to say good-bye,' tint' comfort oupplvefy with the other void, which, at an^ ratb, helps ub so much better to hope for the best, whether thefuture BhWl ; he best or onlybad, . She played the partTof Mre. Qffnfo in *{Kind to a Fjmlt," " made^er' duch ia favourite inthis djy, aSd^ ' ^matter iof touiTO/tbefeby added td tfcei l'; 'Mfcrete th6t fare felt' »t the prwgpefct of Her le£vin& .-MrUr. h> ? >.<. - .. | .Of the ottattich&rafctersin; this piece, it! is to be remarked Chat, Mr. Greville made the world additionally indebted to himfor! an othir haft's enjpjinient,duiingwbicli hie jjour trayedingrotestyQe ?ii»es fold lively teblburs the loves, and sorrows, ahd pocalationstof a susceptible bat selfish-minded footman;; Mr. O'Brien was happy as an amorous'iand' irritable attorney,; ilfx. Dunn diverting as a burlesque alderman; &ra.;' Collins jaunty and,saucy as a .well-to-do lady's maid, iand Mrs. Wooldriolge quite in her element; 4s a loquacious lodgingliouae-keeper. A3'the eloping young lady, Miss Douglass was hardly so happy as one could have wished, especially in her boy encasements. L After the comedy came " The Cordican Brothers/' I cannotsay why " The Cori^can Brothers " fehoiild have been Tevived.;JNot but that it is agood play of the'^en&atiitmal; order, but inasmuch as it is notnew,ta&& as the popular taste Ilthink is not inthisiUrec. tion, but rather in & direction suggestivpof a revolt from the sensational, it coq^now somewhat as an anachronism. The two scenes, namely, the forest' steneand the jjfand opera scene, have been, as usual, wellpaaHted, though without any alteration frotoj the cuBtomary style of treatment, and Mr. Har wood has played Chateau Benaud in', his customarily effective, manner. Moreover, MisB Juno has played Madame de LfcspArre, as a tnatter of course, agreeably; Mr. Ajfole ton, DeMontgiron, exceedingly carefully; Mr. O'Brien, the Orlando, characteristically »^Mr. Stewart, the Golonna, humorously; Miss Wooldridge, Marie, most daintily; Mrs. Wooldridge, Madame dei Franchi, typically matronly; and Miss Jenny Brice, the little part of Estelle, picturesquely; but then all this excellence does not redeem the piece from staleness. To be sure, if a great actor had played the twin brothers, one might have forgotten die staleness of the pieces but as Mr. Belton played them, there is nothing to be said further than that, as he did his best, he is so far meritorious. Only "Mr. Belton's acting is not likely to make one'for* get the relatively uninteresting character of the piece. The gentleman who did the ghost in the first slide scene, however, is to be commended for the ghost-like rigidity, both of his face and limbs, so that if characteristic ghoetliness could have communicated that strong element of interest required, this gentleman would have been entitled to great praise. Mrs. Phillips's benefit was extremely well attended, as it deseryed to be, on Thursday night. "The Rivals" went with consider* able smoothness, and if, taken as a whole, it was not equal to its performance in the better days of high comedy in this city, it was so good as to make one wish it were possible to see the old comedies a little more frequently. Mr. O'Brien's Sir Anthony was beyond, the average of respectability; and if Mr. Greville as Sir Lucius was just a little out of his element, he was orly less successful ty Com parison. Mr. Coppin, as usual, went b£$ond the limits of ordinary deserving as Bob Acres, and Mr. Appleton'sFaulkland was in the last degree careful both in manner and costume. In "Woodcock's Little Game," which,fol lowed, Mr. Gainer quite confirmed the good opinions he evoked in " Kind to a Fault," and Miss Juno played Mrs. Larkins with a very agreeable sprightliness. To night the sensational is to give place to the domestic. A new piece, by Mr. Byron, called "Daisy Farm," is to be played, and Miss Juno will sustain the leading' female part in it.. The rival houses, to wit the Apollo and the Polytechnic, have been open during the week. At the former .of these there hasieen a miscellaneous performance of xniiiBtiylsy, ballet, and farce ; and at the latter " Oliver Twist" and " Black-eyed Susan" "havetteen represented, under scenic disadvantages, to admiring, and generally youthful, if strongly flavoured, audiences. Mr. J. A, Howe, who, many years ^ ago, was the wealthy, proprietor of -one of the most successful; circuses, we ever had in Melbourne, is how in this city, the reverse of rich and prosperous. He fame hither with Chiarini's, and was left hert by Chiarini'sto find his way back to California as best he could.. Everybody knows iow few friends a man has when his needs* arfr the greatest, else if this were not so there would be no difficaltyin Mir. Rowe' getting back to America. Some of the few friends that are yet to be found here are therefore endeavouring to get up a performance sb as raise money sufficient to help him to .return, and when it is remembered that with jone exception Mr, Bowe contributed the: latest sum ever given 'by any single individual to the Melbourne Hospital, it will be confessed that he has some preferent claim upOix the publicof this metropolis. Fyom Dunedin the news is to the effect that Mr, Fairclough w^s still at; the. Queen's Theatre in thafcctyy "interpreting" Shak speare and other ill-used dramatists; and thatatthe ^rineeSB's 66ededto " Oliver Twi£t*' 'with Mr. -Doi&laS; as Holla. In " Oliver Twist" Mi-. MtfsgAve, who is known to us .in Melbourne atfa good second "old, man,!! iia4> v^sreA; #*> * gather from ithe papers,, ^^jonejpeftea ability in a different,}in$, .exfmpWfi^;^ P1* perfonnaflic^,otthe A^fs! A,®0® of # r qma ftbOllt tO te pinnnoed. fllBO B, burljBBque Ot * FromN'ew York I hear of Mr. C. E. Horn* ley's continued Success fn'oohnfexltih fith ' The WmBifts farffiwder Sti(s '.j^p^bpiiSi$p' wst'J de acrlptitm, and his imhliflations'are both popu lar and favourably noticed. Hehasirb*oftred hlsoantataof " CMttus," land to la Bpston-r^n ^-established ijrfcal tfub lication^"Becoilectfon£( «f 3 MeMelssohn," which ihaVa-%tt3^dMtde'&tt;^ti<^,'to liiet&me; pjonrtnenteatyectof perfomtfnoe atthfciiwer« pool Philharmonic Society's conoertiBj From: New York I also hear that <rtir bid friend Berr Strebinger holds a leading poBltibiiltt oneofthe theatricalorchestras of .that. city, item, that MiBS Emelme .Zaviatowaki] had left thie stage and was married on the j 23rd April TAHITE. 