TALES AND'SKETCOES. SJACOK FORTUNE. By JAsEs LOCKiRT. A PADDING REN.. en darkness overtook us, the Laugh ing Philosopher became silent, and began to mend his pace. I wes very tired. To make matters worse, my shoes were broken in several places. The gritty mud worked in and out at every step, galling my feet most horribly; the pain making the long road longer than it really was. The village clock struck seven as we passed through its long dark street, and turned down a foul smelling lane to the boatman's lodging house. "I I can't tell why he's called the boat man," said my friend, "he plays the fiddle now, and beats his deputy drab; and--here we are at last." We stepped over a gutter as he spoke, and stood before the door of a tolerably large house. The door was shut, and the building had a lop-sided look in the gloom. A candle flared in the window, on a kind of a make-shift counter, setting off to advan tage A few coarse rolls, farthing candles, and junks of black puddings. My eye caught a printed notice which was stuck up among the puddings, in a position which the candle made conspicuous. I had just time to read the inscription, "Lodgings for Travellers," when my comrade raised the latch, and I entered at his heels. We stepped into a long bare-walled ap artment, half filled with smoke. At the first glance before my vision cleared I saw only a dusky outline of many heads clus tered around a table, near the fire. My comrade was recognised at once. " Hurrah! boys !" a shaggy fellow roared, "here's Mac. How are you, Mac? Give us your paw. They shook hands with great energy. "But Mac," said the shaggy one looking at my friend lovingly with one eye (for a ragged shade covered the other), "where is Mary ?-where is the gimlet ?" "She has' gone off with a grSldling sodger, d--ý-4her ; lcft me at Shrowsbury." ',That's bad," said shaggy head. She was a rare one; she was worth a deal to you. She could squeeze blood from a flint stone. Come up to the fire, and take a warm seat my hearty." The cronies sat down to compare notes by themselves. Not one noticed me, except by a glance-a glance which, I was sure, read me like a book. I sought an obscure corner, and forgot my own troubles for a time as I scanned the juggling trampers of the "padding ken." There were two, women and nine men. One of the women was of the ordinary travelling type-hard-featured, loud-voiced with a red .snub nose, and scanty clotted hair. The other sat a little apart with a child in her lap, quiet and desponding. She was good- looking, but, her face like her gar ments had a faded and worn look. She dat, apparently in deep thought, her face twitching occasionally, as if she suffered bodily or mental pain. At those moments, I. observed she invariably bent her head over the child, to conceal her emotion. The men were of all ages, up to the grey head whose palsied lips now and then quavered out an oath which outdid in blasphemy the youngest there. Some of them were maimed and crippled. A fetid kind of heavy smell which I could taste in my mouth, filled the room. The place was over-heated with a large fire; most of the fellows were fat; at all events, I felt the sweaty odour of the beggar-men almost overpowering. Supper occupied a long time in cooking, and a longer time in eating. The varlets were rather nice in their diet. The tooth some bits were carefully picked out of each scran bagl all the conmaon morsels going to the landlnrd's piggcy i;,r a few mugs of ale. The philosophlcr invitord the distr(essed woman to share our ino', and w,:.s vc'y merry over the meal, never hoin~, ,.. at a loss for a smart reply to any quer,;, ihuvever pers nal. I could not help obsering that a strange restiveness affected the whole squad. The fingers were often paddling about the elbow, the hand often dived smartly within the breast, and many queer mouths were made in attempts to get round far enough to scratch the small of the back. The conversation never flagged, but it mostly related to the expariencesof the day. A good word for the "ttatty cove" whogave away sixpence in exchange for a little pat ter; and a curse for the b- wretch who begrudged to give away his hard rind of hard cheese. Early in the evening tle landlord showed me my bed. As he put down the candle with one hand he extended the other and told me to "pay for my doss." "What doss ?" I asked, bewildered. your bed, my lad," he replied. " ['t ~'t strap anything here." 8? all right," I said, "the Philoso phor p., oised to square it." "Very good," he replied; "but remem ber, you have only half the blankets. I'll put Stumpy in with you. Good night. t The bed was dirty and cold, but I crept into it, over-wearied with long-continued travelling, and fell asleep at once. A RUFFIAN AND HIS VICTIMI. In the middle of my first sleep I; was 1 awakened by a roaring voice in the adjoin- < ing room. The door stood wide open. By I rising up in bed, I could see the landlord (evidently far gone in liquor), holding on to the bedpost with one hand, while he swung a clumsy, hobnailed boot round his head with the other. The woman who passed for hiswife was crying, crouching .n a corner ofihe roam 1-lf undressed. "Stand up," roared the felloi~4 ' stand up'straight, and" let me have.a f hy.. '. The boot was flung with .the' rd, but the woman with a qui'qk ?"rk. ided the missile, which Oruik t'. behind her. .... Bring it back here, and give me another chance, you long-jawed b-h." " Oh, John ! how can you treat I so, and I not well," the woman sobbed, but she took back the boot nevertheless. The ruffian forced her back again to her corner with a curse. Taking his stand once more by the bedpost, he prepared for another throw by taking careful aim. " Stand more in the light, Mary," he said in a jocose tone. " I'll pin you this time. Three throws and down goes your house. Making a feint with the boot once or twice, which confused the woman, at last he threw it quickly. I heard the heavy thud, as it struck her with great force. The wo man fell, with flying arms and dishevelled hair, prone upon the Aoor, sobbing and moaning heavily. The scoundrel chuckled in great glee, undressed himself with dif ficulty, and scrambled into bed, leaving the woman where she lay, with the candle burning beside her. Stumpy had joined me in bed while I slept. If he heard the row he paid no heed to it, for he lay very quietly behind me. I saw his wooden leg resting against the bed, very quietly also. I soon fell asleep again, but awoke very early, stiff with cold, and unrefreshed. The first streaks of dawn were on the window, but the house was silent; The whimper of the woman had also ceased. The great fear upon me rushed through my mind every morning when I opened my eyes. I felt also a sense of de gradation when I thought of the roof which sheltered me, and' the dirty fellow who snored by my side. The place smelt loath some as a grave. Slowly the dawn brightened into day. A delicate landscape of frost-work beautified the dirt-bedimmed window of the low lodg ing-house - weeping willows by grassy streams castles with gothic doors, goats feeding among the rocks in upland pastures, in the far perspective I could see M'Oormack lying murdered upon the r. ad, and the dis guised murdress flying with streaming hair across the stubbles. I followed the first footfall I heard upon the stairs down into the murky kitchen. It proved to be the Philosopher, but he looked I fretful and sullen, returning my morning greeting wit Pa ventriloquist growl in the throat. He had the toothache inboth jaws, he said, and felt mad enough to fight a policeman upon his own beat. He boiled the kettle however and we had breakfast together on a great variety of scraps. A FRIEND IN THE ROUGH. "There is my last tanner," he said at parting (as he put sixpence in my hand); "and there is the road to London" (point ing down the street). "I have good hlopes of you; you will work your way yet, my boy. Good morning and good luck to you," were the last words of the Philosopher. It was a clear frosty morning, the ground was hard under my feet, and the fields mottled with snow, but I felt almost light of heart with my sixpence in my pocket, upon the high road to London, with the trim hedges of Berkshire at either side of me. I bought a small loaf as I passed through Reading, a little before nightfall, sleeping that night the sound sleep of weari ness in a haystack, without a mouse to annoy me. - Next day I left the towers of Windsor Castle behind me, walking all day at my best pace. Once the landlord ofaninntook compaesion on me, as I quenched my thirit at his horse-trough. I had a good meal of bread and cheese, and a whole pint of warm ale. I believe the good-natured landlord, who was a fat man, with gaitered legs enjoyed it with as much relish as myself, for he watched me the whole time with a gleam of satisfaction in his eye, never troubling me with a single NEARING THE GOAL. The spirit of the malt carried me with a fleet foot through the gardens of Hammer smith as far as Hyde Park Corner, ieforo I stopped to rest. Twilight had darkened into night; the lamplighterrian from lamp to lamp, leaving a trail of stars behind him, as I mixed witn the motley crowd, and put my foot for the first time on the streets of Lon don. I was tired and hungry; but hunger and fatigue left me as I wandered on at random throughthe bustling streets. My position was desperate, but no pang oppressed my mind. I had succeeded in the first part of my enterprise, unaided and alone, and I was proud of it. A simple country boy, London was to me a dream of romance real ised in a far land. The tales I have heard of the great city, by the winter fires of Wales, and treasured up, rushed through my mind. The hum of eager life, the stately streets, the costly magnificence visible on every side, all this was at last before me. I was so elated that I could scarcely refrain from a shout of triumph as I brushed past the scented dresses in my travel-stained cor duroys. JACK'S FIRST SIGHT OF THE THAMES. It was well on to midnight when I found myself, by chance, on one of the.bridges in the heart of London. I strained my neck over the parapet, and took a long look into the darkness below. It brought back to my mind the old tower on the edge of the sea far away in Wales, and all its murky vaults and angles. I heard only the water go past with a keen swish beneath the aiches, on ward to the sea. Lower down the river,,a steamer was snorting about, with coloured lights on each side, like monstrous goggle 'eyes glaring through the gloom. A blurred I half moon stood above the city, and stillness began to settle down upon the streets. A hasty foot went over the bridge at intervals, ut oftier a womanuwent past with a weary Step.. - A hA 4 ON THE ox DGE . I crept into one of the niches of the para pet, pulled my cap well over my ears and, crouching low down, tried to sleep. s'elept at once, but awoke very soon, pinched and stiffened with cold. I found the niche abode the arches a bad substitute for the lee side of a warm haystack in the country. The sound of life also disquieted me. Instead of sheep faintly bleating in the far-off fold, or the twitter of a restless bird in the long hedges, I heard the belated cab rattling round the corner, and the heavy tramp 'of the watchman's foot. I rose from mny lair, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes, and com menced to run over the bridge to warm my blood. A COLLISION, AND ITS CONSEQUENCES. As I turned a sharp angle, I ran against, and overset, a small bareheaded urchin. As he fellinto the gutter under a lamp, I ob served that he was also barefooted. At first he made a crying mouth, but, as his sharp eye measured my size, a ferocious spasm came over his face; he sprung at me, his features twitching all over, and struck me a sharp blow on the cheek. I pinned his arms to his sides with little effort for his strength was really small. He struggled manfully to free himself before he gave in. "Let go," he said at last, "I won't hit yer again." I pushed him away from me, and we stood gazing at one another for a few moments. "Why, you are a country, joskin, and can't fight a bit," he said, with a look of contempt. "I come from Wales, and don't knowLon don," I replied. "Have you any browns ?" " I have only got threepence." "Do you want a bed ?" "Yes." "Come on then, with me; I knows" a place that will suit your book all to pieces." We left the broad street, and. wriggled through a labyrinth of lanes, dived through the darkness of an arch into a fetid court, reeking with the stinking fever breath of the slums. It was very dark, but I heard the screams of women, and the rough quar relling of men, in some of the houses close at hand. "Six steps down, and mind your feet," I said the little fellow. I managed, with care, to follow him down 1 to where he stood, knocking at the low i door of the underground lodging house. A SUBTERRANEAN LODGING HOUSE. After a protracted fumbling at the lock, the door opened, and an old woman, stood before us, with the stump of a lighted candle in her hand. She was a very old woman, quite bald, and bent nearly double. She stretched out her lank figures, and touched the boy's cheek. Her mouth f worked with a convulsive spasm for a few seconds; the quavering words came at last. "It's my grandson comed home again; I it's my gransan comed home again;" which I she kept repeating, over and over again, t after we had followed her into a kind of cell at the end of the passage. It was a queer place; a more hole in the wall, littered ( with bundles of dirty rags, assorted with some regard to order, and evidently an article of trade. The woman mumbled with inarticulate fondness over the boy, which he repelled rudely enough, and demanded" somethink to' eat, in quick sticks." She obeyed him at once by turning to a dark corner, and pok ing feebly with her fingers among some rubbish, her shadow nodding up and down upon the wall in amost grotesque fashion. At last she fished up a jagged lump of breaul, and a carrot gnawed away at the thickelst end. The boy surveyed it with disgust, ad when the woman turned her back, slyly it it in my head. "You take it," said he, " I'had a good tuck out of tripe at Flummerty Kate's; I , ain't a bit hhngry at all." I devoured the bread and carrot in secret with intense relish, for I was faint with hunger; every mouthful felt like a healing ( medicine infusing the strength of life. The I boy took my lastcopper, and poinfed out my kennel; a dark recess, hidden by a screen ofsacking from any prying eye. He soon afterwards retired with the old onein to some inner den, and left me in the dark ness to myself. A FRAPTERNAL COMBAT. The loudi tones of a voice startled me from sleep some time in the morning. Peep ig 3autiously through a reitof the sacking, I found the cellar had two occupantswhom I had not seen before; they were engaged in angry altercation; both ware young, and both had a similar cast of fetu.res small eyed, lowbrowed, with a buildoglook about the jaw. "Don'tyou call me a liar again," one said, with a louring look. " You are a liar "repIie'the other, "and as mean as a beggar-" A blow in the face stopped his mouth; he staggered to the wall; patsed his hand across his brow, then wentat his antagonist with a rush and a muttered curse. Both struck at once, grappled, and rolled over the table, with a crash, to the floor. One of them was yelling for help in a choking voice as the old woman tottered into tho 0 I den. She stood almost erect in her excite Iement, and her words came fast enough. "Let alone; oh don't boys; you know you are brothers, and went: to school little She losth ervoicek.and'broke-idown- with ;ageai criy sobbing out'atintervals, " They were little boye once, both oi them, and ewent .to school." The men stopped in their rough work on the floor, and rose panting to their feet. A softness flitted about their grim lips as they looked on the wailing woman. "Go to bed, old girl," said one, " it's all over now; go to bed; see, we shakes hands." And they did shake hands, with apparent cordiality. When she retired, the men pulled off their boots, and, to my great con sternation, came crawling into the hole where I lay.- I crouched like a rat in the f rthest corner, keeping as still as death; but one of them, in stretching himself, touched me with hisffoot. BOWLED OUT. He sprang out into the darkness, scream ing, "There's something cold in the bed; good God, strike a light Ned." The other sought about with his hand until he caught me by the hair, and pulled me with a jerk from my lair. A match was struck, hurriedly, both of them asking at once who I was, and what the h--I did there. I told them my story, but th'e one who had found me out was not easily paci fied. ' Never you get in a man's bed again in that way," he said; "you little devil, what a fright I got !" "Poeh!" said the other, "what about it? you're easily scared." "D- it, I thought 'twas her ghost." "Why youdid not murder her, did you?" "You get out; I neither want a gibe nor a joke about it;. but never you get into a man's bed again in that way," he repeated once more, as a last warning to me. We all three kept back among the rugs again, and after a few muttered oaths the quarrelsome brothers fell asleep. I dared not close my eyes, but sat in the corner longing for the dawn. Very soon the sounds of the city's life came down into the dark collar. I was glad to creep away from my sleeping bed fellows, undo the cumbrous fastening of the door, and run up the stops into the light of day. I sought my way through lanes back again to the bridge which overlooked the river, up and down. There quietly touch ing the shore, lay Ihe big ships whose keels had furrowed every sea; now back in the home where they were built, among the steeples. And there also were the corded bales of merchandise, puffed to bursting, like the picture in my " Robinson Crusoe," which I left in Wales, most romantic prob ability of all. Some of the sunburnt men I saw, lounging about among the decks, might actually have left their footprints in the sands of Juan Fernandez itself. THE "FLEETWIING." " One of the ships especially took my fancy. She had a long shining black hull and white masts, with a female figure head all gold and green, and flowing black hair holding a speaking trumpet in her right hand. A sailor sat at his ease, astride of her highest yard,,doing something among the network of ropes. She was evidently outward bound, for her sails wore bent, and a crowd of men were bustling vbout her decks. I went into the dock, and lounged about the vessel for hours. A peep at her stern told me that was the "Fleetwing," of London; and a board on her rigging gave theinformation that she was the first ship for New Zealand,.a real clipper, A 1 at Lloyd's, and copper fastened. I ventureto look over her bulwarks, and saw mennailing down the hatches, and a big black sow sitting on her haunches looking at them with a critical eye. A thickest, freckled man, with a huge gap in his front teeth, strutted about in authority, spurting out an oath now and then at the men under his charge. When the man had gone to dinner, the man in authority kept the deck alone, walking up and down with a very import ant straddle. When his back was turned, I scaled the bulwarks, and ascended the poopladder with as little noise as possible. My football made him turn round; he made one step towards me, ejected a clot of to bacco juice from thegap in his gums, got me well under the fire of his eye, and said, "Well, young 'un, well," PROFFERED BEIRVICE RfTECTFR .!'I want to go to sea, sir;" I said; "Ao you want any hands?" "Were you at home ?" "I tended the cows on the common down in Wales, sir," I replied. " Go home again-then, my lad,. stick to the cow's tail; yeu may get leg bespattered and perhaps haniged; but there is no fear of drowning; it's a cold death, drowning, !ty lad." "I would like to be a sailor, sir; I know some of the ropes already," "Be off out of this, you cheeky little beggar, or I'll send you to Limerick with three kicks this minute," said the man in authority. I scrambled ashore, but not disheartened; I had not played my card. Lingering rounnd the deck, I learnt, by chance, that the ship would drop down the river with the even ing tide. I resolved to try my last chance when it was. dark, and waited about patiently till the time. It was hard, starving all the day, with the smoking joints in the cookst shop window before my eyes. I could not tell my misery to the well. fed people who rubbed shoulders with me. I only waited, waited for the night. X:ACK GETS ON BOARD). The last glimmer of day was almost gone, when I stood: agai by,the vessel'seide. The crew were going on board, half drunk- and noisy porters, with heavy sea chests on their shoulders, staggered over the gangway; and a few woman and idlers were hanging about, getting in everybody's way, and adding to the general confusion. The voice of the man in authority was louder than ever but I escaped his eye, by slipping on board slyly, and diving into the side oftheforcastle at once. The lamp burned dim to staroard; but the larboard side, where I was crouched behind a tarpaulin, was almost dark. I could see only one man, apparently asleep, with his head hanging out of his hammock. I was frightened very much, for I could not hope to remain long undiscovered where I lurked; but chance favoured me for the time. All at once the place was filled with light. Peeping from my hiding place to note the cause of it, I observed a colossal negro struggling to wriggle himself through a small hatchway in the deck of the fore castle; one hand clutched a flaring tallow candle, and he dragged a huge bucket of coal after him with the other. He closed the hatchway carelessly, and went out with the light. A minute afterwards, I was down among the coals secure from obser vation. ' AS A STOWAWAY. By the light of a few matches which I had in my pocket, I was able to have a short look around me. There was little room for movement; the place stunk hor ribly of grease and tar, and was littered with nautical odds and ends of all kinds. Crawling away on my belly as far as I could from the hatchway, for the purpose of mak ing my bed, I came upon a pile of biscuit bags, which set my mind at ease on the score of provender. I had one ripped open in a trice. As the ship went down the' river to the sea, I lay at my ease in my lair and "mounched, and mounched and mouu chod." Unfortunately, a new want, which I had not foreseen, assailed me. When my hun ger was appeased, I began to be tormented with a burning thirst. However, the warmth of the hole, and the pleasant ripple playing about the stem of the ship, lulled me quickly to sleep, and I soon forgot all my troubles. I know not how long I slept, but I awoke with a severe headache, and the pangs of thirst were worse than ever. I soon, also, grew deadly sick, for the vessel pitshod heavily, the waves breaking on her weather bow with a heavy boom, and the swish of the spray overhead was incessant. The rats too quarrelled, and squeaked, and fought like devils, around me. In spite of my loathing, I was too ill to lift my hand to scare them away. I know not how long I lay in my misery, half insensible (for it was always dark in my den), but I heard the watch called several times. The black man had been among the coals once or twice, but just then a paroxysm of retching always came upon me, and I was unable to speak. DISCOVERED. When the hatchway opened again and the light glimmered down upon me, I felt that my greatest trial had come, and pre pared to face it. The negro was down upon his knees filling his bucket, when Ilaid my trembling hand upon his shoulder. At first I thought he was going to strike me. Gradually his face softened into a broad smile; allhis teeth showed at once, as he said, "Stowaway! By golly, won't you catch it." SThe implied threat of the black had no terror for me. In my agony of thirst I was past fear. I had only strength to pronounce the word "water" as I sank down ex hausted upon a coil of rope. The man wriggled up the hatchway, and soon wriggled down again with a pint pot of water in his hand. The first mouthful of water stuck in my throat, and nearly choked me. As I drank less greedily I felt the strength of life coming back to me, and a vigorous freshness running through all my limbs. "Iam sorry for you, but you will have to face the mate now, and he is a Tartar," said the cook. The watch below were all asleep as we passed through the forecastle. The moment after, I stood in the glare of the sun, blink ing, upon the deck. The mate stood with his back towards us, upon the break of the poop. He turned round at the sound of our footsteps, and I recognised the man with the gap in his gums. " Sir," said the cook, "I found this chap in the coalhole." "It's the cowboy, by G-! You little monster, come up here," said the mate. "Cook, go down and call Captain Yulpy up!" OAPTAIN AND MATE. He took me by the ear as he spoke, and wrenched it round like h screw of paper. The pain was intense but I set my teeth hard, and managed to keep back a cry of pain. The captain came at once. He was a" little man, with a white face, a cruel eye, a mottled hose, and a thick "neck, furrpowed with fat. "' Ha !" said the captain, "we've caught you!" And he fastened upon my disengaged ear, like a beast of prey, and screwed it round and round. I still kept back the. cry which noearly stifled mne. Both men ex'rtcd them selves, each pulling the opposite way at once. My eyes flashed fire, my head seemed cut to the brain; the cry of agony came at last. I tried to sink upon the deck, a: permitted, only to be jetked again ,, feet by the ears. "Now, Mr. Sparlin," said the c: "give us a match--a strong one-.!:': of brimstone, mind. I'll make hi?r hell." He pushed the flamingmatch up as the mate pinned my head- to :.. warks. "Ha, ha !" roared the captain, him up. Strike another match, MI. lin." I had not long to suffer; son: seemed to burst abuoout my he .i?t,. fainted among their hands. When life and memory came slowy I found myself stretched upon the . soaking wet. Somebody had dronceh? . with salt water. ROUGH IHIDES COVER GOOD HEART~ Neither Captain Vulpy nor his subor .:1::: were visible. A middle aged, graveo i< ing sailer, who sat, splicinga rope, nc: r stepped up and raised me to my feet. " Cheer up," said the man; "you'i cme get over this. We'll make you a joit it: in no time. This is only a squall. r with me, and I'll stow you away i:: i longboat amongthe sheep. Out of sigh- .~; mind, you know." The glint of compassion in his eye, ::. his kindly words, gave me some co . my misery. He made a bed for m i. stern of his longboat brought me se:a ,: clothes of his own, finally covering , with tarpaulin shreds and an old sa.: companions were three misorabl' :; which stood huddled together in th: o. the boat, staring at me with grief . eyes as I lay in my lair in the ster . As the hours wore on, the breezb i. :., and the ship lay over to the wind. night set in, all hands were called sail. The voice of Sparlin reache my hiding place, sometimes in : sometimes in command to his men. "Haul out that reef tackle," . "Jam the blocks, you lousy begga! you sir, d - your lazy soul there on the yard!" I ventured to peep out, and say . '..:.. knotting the reef points on the m?i: i.;:i yard, and the straddling legs oe .,., just.visible below the foot of the ;::.3i:.?sa::. where he stood on the break of the .-, Tho sailor who had befriended n::, ij fo -get me. At supper time he bro: ' :., tea and bread; his honest fa,. -s sou'wester, and his oilskin jacket, t and shining with spray. " Well, my lad, how do you fees snug, oh ?" he said, in a loud whis i I tried to express my thanks, but ,_L ! on, without minding me. "Snap up your bit of grub, and !r,.p dark. You'll have to turn out to-'i':ir though. Sparlin was asking abou? ", I'll try and get you in my watch. ,o night, my lad." Soon after he went away, I fell a ok . I slept a sound, dreamless asleep, until th. bell, striking the hour of six, awoke m?. As the sound died away, the voice of ??,, lin again broke the silence, in the wi .1,, "Turn to, forrit; wash decks. '.io:: that boy? Rouse him out with: . handle." I did not wait for violent inje: orept out at once, and stood agai., : deck in the grey morning light. : were scattered about the deck ,,'?i:: ropes, and putting things in orcde I was very much frightened, bult o ,i not help noting that the binnacle i?h, : glimmered in the dawn, and flii?.;ie streak of red light upon the1?: :.! sailor at the wheel. JACK'S IKITIATION. "Well," said Sparlin, as he s?,ir,!.!-i : to me, "you've been skulking, hvr? ; , We'll play at cat and dog ever!y a ' remember, I shall act the dog, an? ,:.u always be poor pussy the eat." t? "':?.k at once-bow wow-and pinned n:m by-?, sore nose, with his forefinger ael fnt h':i until I screamed with pain. lieo :i:o::' me with a kick, telling me, with ad .::i. su " go forrit," and pass water along !:!- .:.: I was the last one of the chain who r, the buckets from the head pump to r:'p'i , and I got a fair sprinkling of it fL~fr: pains. To do him justice, his heart seoend o;. in his work, for he toiled with u?,c,:: ,: zeal, dashing the water against , 'li:: warks and along the deck with ave Ii.r! vicious turn of the wrist. Before 'i.t , :< was swabbed dry, I had to go ':,?' M.:, my knees before Sparlin whilst h1 ::·u::, my bare head with a common d,,eck ?r,., until theblood came--"to wash,"'e L :u ' the stink of thb strawyard from ;ay ,cur?.: carcase." At seven bolls, Captain Vulpy ,:'ia ": deck, half-dressed, wearing can:? ik,':a on his bare feet, and his hraces t:liingi I: hind him on the deck. Captain "7ilpy ?,:?i, himself heard almost before he waor to i:e seen. " Take apull of the weather nnki.i~i;.:', it's all hanging in a hight," !: ~s;:i. "D)-- it. why don't you waTh,' uI Ih watch, Mr. Sparlin ?" Sparlin repeated the word of co;rnr:u',d. "Clap on to the weather mainisr: . ,· crippled sons ofb- . Loik ;lb:. ?:,. will you." The men tugged at the r,,Fi 1- lln@ enough, myself among the numlrv, : ,,(, hi 8parlin did his best.to excite thia to ex ertion in the most venomous Eng.ish h! wa.t master of. "Clap a wat:eh tackle on tho:emiat.opr.l sheet, and sweat up the lower tun::il thal ym'rds," was the next order. ":'ild vo;,. stowaway boy, jump' up and loose tie .,,4. royal." (To b con.inuod.. 