THEATRE ROYAL. On Friday Miss Rose Evans took her benefit at the Royal. There was a good, though not a bumper house, and we are inclined to think that the attendance would have been larger had a different programme been selected, but the fair beneficiare essayed to take the leading part in the first three acts of " Hamlet;" The effort was an aspiring one, but we do not think the ambition is of a kind that deserves to succeed, as there is something so utterly incongruous in the idea of a feminine Hamlet. Miss Evans must necessarily appear more unnatural in the character than many other actresses might do. The martial" bearing, resolute determination, and intensity of passion dis tlnguishing. the unhappy Prince, could hardly he fittingly represented by a pretty vivacious little woman, however great her talent for de clamation, and however diligent a student of Shakespeare she may be. To exhibit an essen tially masculine character, in an essentially feminine style, is essentially burlesque, and this is just the error Mis3 Evans could with difficulty avoid in her rendering of such a part. She made the personation perhaps rather worse than necessary, by avoiding every; attempt, ex cept in the mere matter of garments, to impart any. trace of manliness to her, appearance, uf. .her acting we -will, not say much, because we regretted to,. observe• that. she was very unwell from the" commencement,- and under such circumstances it would be un generous to deal in criticism. Even-with so much against her she wou applause," not alto gether undeserved, for her delivery'of several passages. At the, close of each act she was c.alle,I, before the curiam and greeted with bouquetsand hearty cheering. 'Mr. Gladstone's Horatio might not harmonise with ordinary ideas respecting Hamlet's friend, but his con ception of the character had the merit of being perfectly original. Mr. "VVoolfe did mot flatter the guilty Claudius, but abundantly justified the light estimation in which his nephew held him. Mr. Milne made a respectable Polonius, follow ing the usual practice of representing the Lord Chamberlain as more drivelling in his manner than there is any warrant for. Mr. Holleway was successful as the ghost, his voice, however, j being too much of this world. The • Queen was impersonat ed by Miss Cooper, who acted in her usual careful rnauner,. and. threw a good deal of genuine feeling into her dialogues with her son. Miss Arden played Ophelia quietly, her part being, a s"-mple one, not having to go through the iiiad scenes. Miss Sutherland acted the player queen, and the other charac ter w..re assumed by various members of the company. At the fall of the curtain Miss Evans came forward, and briefly returned thanks for the large attendance that evening, and for the kiudness she had experienced during her stay in Adelaide. She regretted that her indisposition had prevented her from doing justice to the part sho had undertaken that evening, and hoped that at a future time she mulit be able to afford them more pleasure. She then retired amidst great cheering. A number of songs, sentimental and comic, were then sung by the Misses Kelly .Montagu, Bella Sutherland, Mi'ily and Fanny Downey, and Mr. Hans Phillips, and most of them encored. Mr. Holloway then announced that Miss Evans was so seriously unwell that she would be unable to appear in the comedietta of the " Happy Pair," and the "Artful Dodge" would he substituted. This piece caused great amusement, and brought j a far too lengthy programme to a close about midnight. " Savourneen Deelish," a new sen- ; sational Irish drama, and "The Spectre Bride groom," are announced for to-night, 