A CRUISE IN THE POLAR SEA. BY JAMES GRASSIE, Chapter IV. 'The discovery of a north-west pas- sage from Greenland to the North Pacific Ocean, although usefull by add- ing to our geographical knowledge, will never be available for commercial purposes, because if open one year it might be closed the next, and the in- tricacy of its navigation, rendered doubly hazardous by berg, land, and floe ice, would not be surmounted by one out of every twenty navigators; and a winter in these cheerless regions is appalling to any one who has win- tered there. The Sahara in Africa—a pathless world of burning sand—is dis- mal enough to the traveller; but there are green spots even there, and the sun gilds it with his cheering rays. In the polar regions the sun is invis- ible for a considerable portion of the year, the long night of winter is sombre and unhallowed in the extreme, and its cold is almost insufferable. Let the reader contemplate a climate where not only the spirit of wine, but mercury in the thermometer, freezes and becomes malleable as lead, and smoke evinces an inclination to solidify. I have broken butter with a hammer, and seen the splinters fly like glass, and sat beside a red-hot stove until my knees were burning, and at the same time my back seemed freezing; and the gloomy ghost-like twilight which the borealis and stars produce gives one a sad foretaste of the regions of woe. But these regions were not always thus, and geological discovery proves that at one period the sun shone continually over them, "not as in other climes obscurely bright, but one unclouded blaze of living light." Fossil remains of the most delicate tropical plants—plants which could not have arrived at maturity without the aid of a continuous sun, have been found as high up as Spitsbergen in 80° north latitude; and the fauna of Siberia, which is as far north as Greenland, at one time surpassed in number and variety of species the fauna of any part of the modern world. The "bone quarries" of Siberia have been wrought for the last hundred years, and still seem inexhaustible, and the whole whole mass consists of the bones of extinct animals closely com- pacted together by superincumbent pressure, and are now excavated to be converted into bone dust for manure. The prevalent idea amongst geologists is that the earth, as it is at present constituted, is too sterile to produce food for the innumerable animals that then existed, and Siberia itself could not now maintain them for one year. How insignificant is our knowledge of the past history of the world, confined as it is to our apocryphal record of four or five thousand years, which is scarcely a drop in the great ocean of undiscovered truth, and appears like yesterday which is past. If we de- scend beneath the Siberian bones we shall find the remains of other creatures which held dominion over the world countless ages before the Siberian fauna came into existance; and the most ancient of our records—the pyramids of Egypt—are built of stone which is the very youngest limestone on earth's surface. And, if M. Riviere's premises are correct, the Mentone human skeleton existed long before that rock was deposited. At Natchez, in America, a human skeleton was found in a deposit nearly as old as that of Mentone. At Dussel- dorff, in Germany, human bones were found incorporated with a very ancient rock; and in the Gulf of Florida a human jaw bone and teeth were found beneath the coral formation which Huxley estimates to be a hundred and forty thousand years old. With these truths staring us in the face—that strong circumstantial evidence point- ing to pre-historie races of men—it would be premature to deny that man existed when Greenland was the land of the sun, and if one of them could be called into existence now he would mourn sadly over the ruin of his once beloved Greenland. " Alas," he would say, " what is fame that men through- out every age have in some degree struggled for? What is statuary or written immortality, or footprints on the sands of time, when a single con- vulsion of the earth can bury them all for ever fifty thousand feet deep ?" And these convulsions, although few in time, have been numerous in eternity. Ecclesiastes, the preacher, in his first chapter says—"There is no remem- brance of former things, neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come;" and when we look behind through a confused geological record upon the vestiges of creation and see the marks of men of whom we know nothing — neither when they lived nor when they died—we feel, alas, that the preacher is right. The sculpture found in the wilds of America was never chiselled by the red Indians, and the ancient philosophy of China was part of a civilization in- augurated long before the Mongolian was born ; and, for aught we know, there may be similar records in Aus- tralia fifty thousand feet beneath its surface glowing in circumambient fire. But the sculptor and the philosopher are alike forgotten, and Ecclesiastes estimates fame at its proper value when he says—"There is no remem- brance of the wise more than of the fool for ever, seeing that which now is shall all be forgotten, and the wise man dieth as the fool." Alack the day ! That is poor comfort for the heroes who deluged the world with blood ! It is cold kettle for the Moltkes, the Wellingtons, and the Napoleons, either of the second or the tertiary period ; and "the divinity which encircles kings" is tabooed by the same sacred writer when he says—"That which befal- leth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth both, and as the one dieth so dieth the other. Yes, they have all one breath ; so that a man hath no pre-eminence over a beast." Now Mr. Longfellow, what say ye to that with "your footprints on the sands of time ?" What say ye to it gentlemen heroes who cut each other's throats "That your names may live through time In your country's story ?" The Esquimaux have some mythical legends about a flood of icebergs and snow which once buried their country ; —probably confused interpretations of missionary instruction; but it is singular that they invariably add that the sun was always with them before that catastrophe, and never hot enough to melt their beloved ice. "The sleep- ing places were then," they say, "amongst bowers, and the snow house was unknown to their fathers." They seem a very innocent and harm- less race even in their unconverted state, and I would sooner trust one of them in his child- like simplicity than an "elder of the kirk" in all his pre- tension. Whatever the former saints may have been the saints of the present day are very exclusive in their opinions, and the Protestants and Catholics lose half their time closing the gates of mercy in each other's faces. They both incline to the same goal, but make the road thither a Donnybrook fair throughout. The Mussulman is excluded from heaven because he be- lieves that Mahommed was a prophet, and we ourselves have believed in a good many false prophets also. We believed that Mr. Duffy was a rebel to the backbone, and all the time the honest man was merely adopting a little patriotic jugglery to obtain a state pension and a title. We believed that the Portland prophets really wanted a railway to Hamilton, and all the time their share list was merely a subscription list for behoof of their Shire engineer and solicitor, two patriots in distressed political circum- stances, with very capacious pouches. :?$?/ M#$(^%n:;%rly! poun.4^ vvluciv a halfpenny worth of bread. Webelieve<} and many /of us "still believe, that' Brita]o<I^h'e|^Q^or t.lie%|e, butiii Scotland a uarrow minded pld driyeller of d iDulie caii- close*( up a larg&'cPuiity on the» pe.gplei and an .olduDiichesa ehn depopulate, towns pnd drive their geese. Stlate Kpensioiier'filive tliere suinptuously/while'the taxpayers who support them are starving. Iu Victoria are getting, m bpt^ and ^'ithe infant giairt" ia pver h^fyjfln^ $ars in debt before lie i^put of his swaddling clothes, and ' the taxation presses heavily on th§ common necessaries iof life while thf lllx£»H6s" go almost scot free ; and pe minister, ,t,o get rid of a : ^nti&rl;'TivhlJ 'cAn 'withf & bHmtllfyuise the salaries pf our judges, such as they< are, five huudred ,a^^r each and saddle that a,thoiint on the. poor unhappy tax payer. In Bhortf^disguise it as "you, will,-there is no place under the canopy' of heaveu where the ipe'opld'are iutore needlessly, taxed; and shamefully rat,ed than those jin^Victpria. What with provision duties, Shire Councils, Robd Boards, and church collections,- the «»'<> i«f lt# 1 uo'! think,nowever, that that; state #tif< :oppression wilU- last Mnuclu longer,( because, there, is a. point at which it4 is* said- the- vdry':worm will' turn, and the Victorians are very ne'ar that ...point] mow. j ..The. thxtfriyeK>'mW,: safely exclajmi i" I .quitted!'England iiic disgust, .br^en^dovyn under, ikrhea'vy load, of taxati6n~titbes 'arid " state pensions, apdlcapje hero to relieve my ruin and be alone,- but,;lol<myi; oppressors sent o.governor after nie fori whom J.have no.employment whatever; and I have nevertheless tb pay hi»n ten tlibusarid' h'yeaV. want a pV&ident; elected bjyjija ,peppje, and" a federal union, ,of| the Australian states, but.our puny n^rroNy pot' UJ>.. the;;i^mp; and sit in Iheir cobbler a., etnjls t(splitM»g hairs vwhen they ought to be founding a great 1 ri>public<i ..CoirulptiPtti i&fest;&>%litio!ur puDlic institutions,.and bas/'crejjtiinto our very? hPspitals, which'^now .toiist have Chief: {Secretaries Jike the j6Ht";! and patriots are'bought aud.sold.'iti the market daily ;p,igs; -tri ^iRijMifleld.' It would appear that,the clime of A us tralia is not congeniol to the crowth-of) geiiuino -patriots, :^vho vt- er'6;arp^entifqt, as hob nails, in ancient 'Qir^etie. fecot vl?- Americti its Washington, and Sou Domingo its loussaiut, liu|,E^| t^Jftlyipatriotio iiero we have reaify tor the wax work would melt in fam'met. t;h«ITote.Cfotlma&yMi; 