EUROPEAN POLITICS. [From our Paris Correspondent.] Paris, October 4. "Incapable but honest," was the gene-<*> ral opinion entertained of Comte do Chambord until few days ago, but since he has written a letter to a partisan Unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the socond adjective is with drawn. It is only another poof of the counsel—"Pat not your faith, in Prinoee." It u said that men are only consistent whan in opposition; now the Comte de ChambordV having sown as many oaths as a dioer or a lover, that he would never abandon bis white flag—it being rank Mafcphemy for the people to nail theirs, I the tricolor, to the mast—or the making i of the Pope temporally, first floweret the earth and first gem of the sea, and crash ing, St. Michael and Batanfaahion, the consequences of the first Revolution, now hints all these views are para inven tions of the enemy. L0? ML Jourdain, and speaking prose, the Count ha* been • liberal all his life,- without knowing it. This result of the " fusion" was not ex pected. If Henri V. really intends to " pose" for the throne that it Menu Pro videnee apeeiaUy created for him, he mint apeak to the people neither in panbtes nor in platitude*. He mast pot down his liberalism en paper—whidi wiUISUy represent its valne at the same tune—sign, seal, and " awear" to it. The ghosts of Oharies X. and Napoleon HL nughteome «p for the oowsion to enooarage him to ** swsar." When Berne Tooke was asked toswn the Thirty-Nine artieta, he re plied, " Tail pluamiie ,on? hnndred and thirty aute if yon wiah." It is not in that spirit the teeat peasantry under the ana would Iflce to aee Harry the Path ■jndorw the nornta of their charter. No matter what h? may recant, or the "dispensations" he may receive, the Oomto 4* Ohamhord may become King, owing to the" aeadent of an accident," bat he will never be the corner-atone of the nation, bat a target for afew years for paper pe?eta and the whipa and aoocw of tM Mar ho be datWerad from being another kind of target, l&e; hia dearly beloved oowan, Lomu PbiUppe. whose life was •ttempted onoe a year, owing, perhapa, to hia habit of carrying a Sally Gamp umbrella, which made him eo remarkable and—-Camoos. The more the conntry desires to ponces a common sense Republic, the stronger ommm the determination of the chance majority in the Ohntber to bestow upon it •> Hooarcfay. The peopto certainly do not mat tim land of greatness thnnt nnm it, but tibor sovereign Assembly is like woman—"if die wiUdot, she wS; and tkerVs an end oat." Besides, the Royalists are not at all fools—quite aAotber e^eUatHm aococding to their owdueaU—and woold not drag t&eur; Ktng through the mad, it «wydid not beliora he would eauzge "a thing of beaaly and a joy for ever." It ia not Oovgnt that the Radicals a? an inA neanr power, since they- ham aeleeted Oe "Red" Prince Napoleon for chief. Thk alliance ia one of the latest additions to "the sweep —pen* of princes." The moderate Bepablkans find, like the Igyptiaas of old, that their atraag& for the moment lies in sitting stflL The bat subject patriots think about is th* eertaim hard winter staring both eitiaana and rarala in the Cue. It is* miitiln In nilniilitn upon private charity to relieTe a coming misery of Tast pro portions. The State has bad to suspend pobtie works — fortitcationa aad the umiMHMM/nuHxt vc iisg guu? ezoepceoi— vu the fCQ«nd of eoooomy, aad the people ham taade afi the bone^oraping retawnct ntsnta pnasfhle The Fkeoch, bear in mind, are the only nation who have eoe oaaded in l?alrinfl an ?[?|"*i«™g Ai^k out of diaaorved bonea uaieine. May the hones even be forthcoming, aa there are oglynimon that the tax-ga&erer; will lay on his stripes with • heavy hand, no matter what form of Government, or pos sibly none at all, may be established. We have desired to rid ourselves of the invader, and mast pay for the whistle that charmed him away. The "Five IGBiatds Polka" ia very much in vogue, for 36,000,000 of people ean dance to it, bat it sends a shiver through one, creates a sensation like what a person in con sumption nrast feel when hia health has been toasted. Tea, the hardahips of the ensuing winter proaise to be exceptionally severe; the misery cannot be a? aucosss foDy disposed of aa the cholera, and the pune of Sir Bkbard Wallace does not, after aU, equal that of Forrunatna, for no foreigner—frnssians exoeptod.—ia ever prevented from bestowing donations and praatanv good works. The Jews have just celebrated the Kippcmr, or Feast of Atonement, which leqiuies a fasting aad praying for 24 hooaa, sa well as cessation from aU worldly mlhsay Wonder what would be the effect if politician* ware to try the effects of * Kipponr? Mow especially in the ease of the writer of the latest pamphlet, who profoundly observes in the opening: passage— *'That it ia necessary to create a new world, aa thai which is ancient is dead, aad that which is new-born wiU im-rr?*;'«- 1y die." To their credit be it said, the Jews abstain «a a body from political agitation* ; some ef the ablest writers in the Paris journals are Jews, and members of thai persuasion occupy moat important official positions. While the teeth of their co-religionists continue to be drawn—«ot on the painless extrac tion system—4a Roumania, here in Paris the Jews ean find a, temporary Promised Land, because France ia perhaps rich in the production of all that ia temporary. Sufterance, however, is the badge of all their tribe, aa Being very wealthy, every Christian charity appeals to them, and with success, for assistance. They are partkadariv distinguished for the great attention thwdmrte to ail their reHguras duties. The Jewish colony is divided into some tea or twelve sections, or tribes; when ? member dies every survivor is said to contribute the thousandth or less quota of the funeral expenses. If declined, the ««??■■* is earned, id a general relief fund. In Borne hoars Banine will be placed on his trial, which may last for six or twelve weeks. His own story is now repoblished in a popular form, which is strange, as many consider his book the most damning piece of evidence against him. The journals abound in plans of battle-fields and maps of Mete, and the carpet Moltkes demonstrate in quite an off-hand way, that if die Marshal had done this and avoided that we would have had the French army now quartered in Berlin. Likely the two fair, eqii&triennet;, whose evidence piques enri- : osity so much, will also condemn the ] prisoner's strategic skilL It is rather j too much to expect that in the tremen dous struggle among the newspapers, home and foreign, to report the trial, the sensational press of Paris will pot hold its own. Any moment after the indictment has been read the announce ment that the accused has been found guilty may be expected. One can never forget the "harrowing details," obtained at an "immense expense," supplied by a journal of Bmperor MVri«niH«i'? execu tion at Queretaro a month before it took place. In all the changes and chances in tiie French character, politics apart, no one «an ever upbraid the working of the tribunals in their dispensation of justice. The trial may be tedious or short, direct or minute, bat it will be exhaustive, and the judgment delivered aoond. He heapeth up nones andknoweth not who shall gather them, may be well applied to the late Dr. Nekton, who left his immense wealth to his son, and the latter is about supplying what hia father omitted. Pray remember the poor, for it is rather a good fashion to do eo, and ! deserves to be encouraged, especially on the part of men like KeUton, who nobly rose from indigence to honors and wealth. Young Nelaton contemplates erecting and endowing an hospital for incurables. Strange dedication for a distinguished man, who was famous.for curing every body but himself, In any ease some journals recommend that the boSding be rapidly poshed forward and fee pretenders of all sorts admitted for life. People enquire what has Bochefort done with all his fortune, for in the latter months of hia cometic career he was reaping golden harvests. In the late sale of his household furniture, all it brought wu some 3,000 franca, aadfhe< executor of his estate avows that is all the means of support left for his children. It is then 3,000 francs more than possess j the children of those duped Communists whom Bochefort poshed to their natural termination. It is a common saying among the workpeople that no matter whether the devolutions they take part in be successful or otherwise all they receive in any case ia tie blows. Perhaps the richest and most lucky man in France is ■tf?Dn? d'Anraale, yet Ihe is not at aH popular. His ambition is to be " second" in GauL Bis wealth | will go to the Comte de Paris in the natural course of things, who is not a millionaire. It has therefore been a fortunate occasion for the Count to be re instated in the family castle of Amboise, famous in history for the triumph of the Guises over the "dumb captain," the! Prince of Conde, sad where decapitations | and hangings continued for a month before the cattle, and where the young Kinft his brothers, their attendants, and the todies of the Court wore daily spectators. A abort time ago the Comte i and Comtesae de Paris visited this pro-1 party after being restored to them, in a { very quiet manner and alone. Not being j known, the house porter, like all such i Gerberases in. Fraoce, was rude. ThAj Count threw open the window of the dining-room to admire the landscape, and waa ordered not to do so by the porter. The two visitors inspected other portions of the building, and on departing passed through the dining-room, when the porter! brutally called upon the Const to dose the window. The latter replied coldly, " I shall do ao whan I come to inhabit the castle in a few weeks." The porter was dismissed for his insolent bearing, and such is the history of the noise made about the poor toncUrge having been sent adrift, Ae. We have had another suicide with the revolver by an officer, who was disgusted with life, after squandering a fortune to produce that feeling. The beat way of stopping this mania now ao much the mode, ia for the press to pass over in silence theatrical descriptions of the events. More wxteresting k the account of * poet man Who lost his aft%etionate wife, and by an Ondian metamorphosi? believed himself changed into e. weeping willow. He went about the atteets with a flower-pot on hia head, announcing his transformation—" Tfis a mad world, my masters." We are to have, when the exhibition of very interesting Oriental curioaitiea doaea, a show of all the articles connected with babydom, such as cradles aad perambula tors, feeding bottles aad feet jars, lolly popaand toys, squills aad night lights, soothing syrupa aad clothing. litera tare wfli -not be neglected; froml?C's up to CindreSa, Jack in the Bean-stalk, and kindred infantile classics will find a local habitation. Deputies are reported to be rehearsing their intended speeches for the forthcom ing Assembly, with their wives for an audience. It is hinted that not a few of the representatives wQI arrive in the Chamber with two or three discourses, to suit cirenmataaoes, as thoughtful patriots acted during the Reign af Terror. Um ABO Cubbabt Pik.—Chop anuJl aome attoes of lamb with sweet herbs. Four them in • dich with eamatta, and seaaoa them with salt aad-nutmeg. Then beat «p aome eggs in white wine, aad poor it over them. Cover the dish with paste, baka it, and send it to table with white wine and sugar. 