Telegraph and Mail. [BY SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.] LONDON. Via BOMBAY, August 15. ROCKEFORT has been transported to New Caledonia. A Spanish vessel of war seized an English steamer that was lending arms for the Carlists in Spain. Dr Keneally, in his defence of the Claimant, stated that he would prodnoe eighty or ninety of Ziohborne's old comrades in the Carbineer*, who will identify the Claimant. He refuted the statements regarding the tatooing, and explained that they were merely temporary marks. Sir Charles Cowper and the Hon. Saul Bamuel had an interview with Lord Kimberley ywterday respeoting postal matters. The members of the Colonial Institute are arranging for a challenge shield to be competed fat by Australian Volunteers. Fid Bombay, August 15. Thirty-two eases of typhoid fever have broken OQt, principally in Marylebone. Colonel Farnel Wolaelly has been appointed Governor and Commander-in* Chief of the Chllcusoast. Continuous rain has been ezperienoed, which has had the effect of spoiling the manoeuvres at Dartmoor. The Queen is at Balmoral. Cholera is becoming more prevalent at Berlin. The English vessel seised by the Spanish Mthorities for landing arms for the Carlists was •he yacht Deerhound. Captain Stuart and the orew are detained at San Sebaitian, and will be tried for piracy. August 16. A petition baa been presented to wind up the London and Australian Agency Corporation. Ho farther eases of cholera are reported in London. The Spanish Cortes have passed a bill calling out eight thoasand men from the reserve force. The Carlists are preparing to show a deter* mined resistance at Oarthagena. Spanish insurgent vessels have fired on foreign frigates. XThe fire was returned, but no damage was done to either side. Discount, 4 per cent. Stock Market steady. Dbbxhtubss.—Queensland Sizes, January and July, 110*. Straits tin is quoted at £159, and Wallaroo oopper at £91. Fid Bombay, August 16. A contract has been signed for the construe* turn of a cable between the Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Aden. August 18. If The wool sales closed firmly. Nearly two thirds of the quantity offered was purchased by French buyers. The English manufacturing trade is considered to be in an unsatisfactory state. Arrivals.—Moravian, Hopeful, Winefired, Fe- Tftda, and Moneta. Fid Bombay, August 18. Gladstone has been legally advised that he will not require re- election. The Russian Imperial family are assembling at Lovadia (?) to receive the Duke of Edinburgh* who is expected to arrive in September. The Duke's marriage with the Grand Duchess Maria is to take place at St. Fetersburgh in January next. August 19. A diploma of honor has been awarded at the Vienna Exhibition to the Acclimatisation So briety of Victoria. Arrived: The Warwick, Cissy, Palmerston, Constantine, Garnock, and Vienna. Fid Bombay, August 19. An expedition from the Gold Coast against the Ashantees is being inaugurated. Gregory's resignation is authoritatively de nied. The Tichborne Claimant's solicitor has retired in consequence of differences with Dr. Keneally. The Carlists have fired on ;the English and French frigates at Bilboa. Both commanders are acting in concert to compel due respect being accorded to their flags. Cioctly connected with the postal question is that of a line of steamers roand the Cape of Good Hope. The company organised to carry out this purpose ii making progress, consider able oapital has been subscribed. Kbwspapib " enterprise" appears to exist at Liverpool as well as in London. The Albion charges its contemporary the Courier with describing " with circumstantial pomp of sent: ment the Boyal visit to Bolton a day in advance of the event." The Courier (it is added) makes no reply to the charge. The St. George's, Hanover-square, Vestry have adopted an address to the Bishop of Lon don pray|ng his Lordship to exert his authority in proteqging the wives and families of Church men ficom those clergymen who are seeking to introduoe auricular confession. A 00RBtBFOirj>i5T of the Times, under date Constantinople, June 12, telegraphs—" An Im perial Firman empowers the Khedive to make laws for Bgypt, to enter into commercial arrange ments directly with foreign Powers, and to .maintain military forces to any extent he may consider to be necessary. All restrictions upon these subjects are removed, except that the Khedive may not have ironolad war ships. The railway from Constantinople to Phillipopoli will be opened with great ceremony on the 17th instant. All the Ministers will be present, and will travel over the line." Tks reporter of the London Globe has " interviewed" Calcraft, the hangman, and is enabled to announce that that last functionary of the law is about to retire from public life. He state*, however, tbat he will not do so with entire satisfaction. "He has long entertained a Lope that he might have occasion to perform on a newspaper reporter, but has never yet been gratified. He retires, therefore, to some extent a disappointed man. As an old servant of the publis- be seems to think it rather a wrong done to him that his cherished wish has not yet been gratified." Ah interesting account of a ghost in a gaol is given in the Standard of Uniontown, Pennsyl vania. For the pant four months the prisoners in the gaol at that place have made serious com plaints of the conductof an evil apiritwhohaunts the uNtitution. It eeema that when the town dock strikes 12 the ghost commences its nightly rounds through the gaol, making a peouliar noise. He drags with him a chain over the iron grating which extends over the entire inside of the prison above the cells. He then walks round the gaol outside, where the prisoners exercise in the daytime. After making a thorough inspec tion of the building in this manner he unlocks the door and enters the inside of the grating which surrounds the cells. He goes to every cell which contains a prisoner, and taking bold of the bar rattles it furiously. After making tbe rounds of the upper cells, he descends to the lower tier and goes through the same performance, always dragging the chain after him. The prisoners often speak to him, but can obtain no answer. This state of affairs has caused a great deal of excitement about the Conrt-houoe. The sheriff and his deputies have made a rigid investigation, and have done their best by keeping light* burning all night to scare the ghost away, but in vain. He still makes hie nightly visits regularly, and the supernatural horrors of the gaol are said to add in no small degree to tbe pangs of captivity endured by its unfortunate inmates. OAFtAnr Thoxas, of the steamship Legisla tor, was fined £50 and costs by the Liverpool magistrates on June 6, for having refused to convey a distressed English seaman from Fayal to England. A YOtnra man named Philip Frederick James Laws, a letter-carrier, pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a letter sent from the Cape of Good Hope, containing diamonds of the value of £500. The Recorder, after expressing his re gret that persons who sent such valuable articles through the pott did not register their letters, sentenced the prisoner to five years' penal ser titude. Another letter carrier named Oorbyn pleaded guilty to a similar offence, and was sen tenced to the same term of penal servitude. Thb farmers on the Sbaftesbury estates in Dorsetshire have combined not to employ unionist laborers. It is stated that they have signed the following document almost unani mously :—" We, the undersigned, occupiers of land under the Dowager Marchioness of West minster, feel that it is necessary that we should combine together to protect ourselves against the present organisation of the Agricultural Laborers' Union. We therefore agree with each other that we will not employ any member of the Agricultural Laborers' Union on our farms, and that we will, in the event of a scarcity of non-union laborers, aid and assist each other during haymaking and harvest when necessary. In forming this combination we do not wish to refrain from giving proper wages to the laborers, but to protest against combination and dictation promoted by paid agitators." M. Tanas has addressed a letter to an in habitant of Nancy, in which he says:—" I have retired from public life because I have a strong conviction that party government in a country which is so sadly divided aa ours was a mistake, and could not but add to existing divisions. A Government acting energetically against all disorder, and moderately, amicably, and peace ably towards all parties which are not factious, is the only Government capable of appeasing political passions, and of restoring to Franoe a certain amount of unity and well-being. Con sequently, I have preferred to retire rather than to pursue a policy which was not my own, and which, in siding with the Right, was far from siding with the majority of the country. I turn to the repose of my books and to my friends, desiring nothing but the restoration of Franoe." The Commercial Club of Nimes has been closed by order of the Prefect for having sent an address to M. Thiers, which contained a criti cism upon the Assembly. Ladies who wear chignons, as well as the bald of the other sex, will be glad to hear that there is every prospect before long of hair being grown in the graden, and transferred by an easy and pleasing process to the head. It seems that cuttings of hair, properly treated, will strike like geraniums, and a savant in Kentucky has, according to the Sew York Tribune, dis covered that by inserting the cut end of a lock of hair into a kind of paste made of two vege table and a simple ohemioal, it can be made to grow, and be thence transplanted successfully to a scarified skin. In fact, all that is necessary is a small head rake sufficiently "sharp in the tooth to «crape the skin off the scalp in little furrows j the hair should then be at once in serted in the wounds, and personal beauty is thus reduced to a mere question of agony. Wigmakers will not like this, but it is impossi ble to deny that it will be a vast improvement on present arrangements; moreover, lovers may not only exchange locks of hair, but actually engraft these souvenirs on each other's heads, and for this reason alone the discovery will be hailed with rapture by the romantic and affec tionate in every quarter of the globe. Mb. Mill's Posthumous Works.—l &m; informed on good authority (says the Maw ehetfer (htardian'e London correspondent) that Mr Mill's autobiography, which is singularly brief, is almost exclusively occupied with the history of his opinions, religious, philosophical, and political. It indicates changes in his views and sentiments, and the causes that contributed towards those changes; and, as may be readily supposed, the book possesses an extraordinary and a very intimate kind of interest. Mr Mill's autobiography will form an admirable companion picture to Newman's " Apologia pro Vita Sua." Mr Mill's two other poithumous works have been completed for some time. They form the continuation of a scheme or trilogy, in whioh the " Essay on Liberty " may be con sidered the first part. Previous to the publication of that work, Mr Mill stated it would probably give the death-blow to any influence he possessed with the general public, but the book "On Liberty" added to his popularity instead of diminishing it. He had resolved to publish the book "On Nature" during his lifetime, judging from the reception given to " Liberty " that it might have a chance of a fair hearing. I believe, however, that he could not look forward to a period within the compass of his own life when it would be prudent to. issue the last of the three works, entitled « Utility of Religion,** the contents of whioh will, if I am rightly informed regarding them, somewhat stagger the more or less ortho dox members of the Mill Memorial Committee. Thb biggest vine in the world is to be found near Santa Barbara, California, and certainly, from the account given of it in the New Tori Herald, it seems to put the famous Hampton Court vine to the blush. The trunk of the Banta Barbara vine is nearly four feet in cir cumference where it leaves the ground, and continues the same size for some eight feet up, where it branches out very regularly, and al though kept well trimmed baok it covers a sur face of some four thousand square feet. Eight thousand bunches of grapes, weighing twelve thousand pounds, or six tons, were pioked from it last year. It is owned by an old Spanish woman who cannot speak a word of English, but who knows very well how to calculate correctly the amount due to her for a drink of wine made from the grapes of the "big vine," whioh every one is expected to drink who visits it. The age of this Tine is variously < stimated at from thirty-five to fifty years, and romance has woven the tale that the original cutting was given to a Spanish girl by her lover as a riding whip, and that she planted it as a memento of their engagement. The ap pearance, however, of the Spanish lady who now owns it is such as to lead visitors to the conclusion that she never could hare had a matri monial engagement, or that if any such contract was ever entered into, her lover was perfectly justified in forgetting it. 