THE NORMANBY PLATE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' TELEGRAPH.' Sir, — It is to bo hoped that in future, if this event is to be kept as one of tho features of the May meet, that tho conditions will bo such as to ensure the object whicli this race profeeBOs to secure. There has usually been a gentle mon's race in connection with our annual meet ing, and hitherto the conditions have been such that it was strictly confined to. gentlemen's iiuunB, uuu iiu uii|jit'u=iiiiiiit'i}a, BUUU us wu now hnvo the regret to eeo going on, with rela tion to the non-entry of a woll-known gentle man's hack this year, hits until now arisen. This year, however, the -powers that be, for somo reason best known to thenieolves, have ' altered all that,' and' in effect tho race is open to any trained horBo whoso owner cnreB to put him in. Tho various letters that hnvo appeared with roferenco to tho non-entry of Mr. Lyons' hack Mario, have all been capped nnd exceeded in — what ehnll I call it? — in logical clearness and clear-headed perception of fncts, by a paragraph in your contemporary's issue of to-day by Yarra mnn. It is thofupremely ridiculous and ludicrous naturoof tho production, with its apparently in voluntnrj'blurtingoutof tho truth hero and there, that has mndo me notice it. It is never eafo to writo undor the influenco of a grievance, for the writer is almost euro to show his hand more or lesa, and woro it not a well-known fuet that nil connected with the getting up of the race meetings, &c;, &., woro nlwuyB gontlemon of irroproachublo honor and intogrity, who. have, the sporting intorost only at heart, I should feel inclined to Bay that the ' Yarraman ' in question had written under a senao of ohargin at srimothing that had gone amisB with him. Ho begins tho paragraph by lamenting the 'good old days,' whon gentlomen's races woro inoro patronised than, according to his showing, they aro now. Wo can cordially agree with him so far j it ia a pity that tho ovila ho bo feelingly deplores should exist, but whon we recollect tho stringont oondit.iona of 'tho good old days,' and note the excessively loose ones at this de-1 generate year, 1873, we cenBo to wonder. He then gets off tho stilts and descends into ordi nary languago, and ndducea tho conduct of tho ownor'of Mario in withdrawing hie intended nomination ' because it got wind that a Sydney . duffer would bo entered ' as a sign of tho dogeneraoy of tho times; for ho says the said-. ' duffer ' was ' never good enough . to win an up-country ovont in tho parent colony ' — that is, ho wi-ihea to make his readers infer that Mr. Lyons, is a groat fool to withdraw hia horso ' from a race whioh ho is bound to win. And yet a few lines further on, ho says Mario's run ning 'could not have done oredifc to the ovent.' Charming innocence— delightful blurting out of what ho doesn't mean. A paragraph like tho ono in question is calcu lated _ to mislead thoso who aro not fully acquainted with tho facts of tho case, and. to give them a wrong impression. Itis this reason which has inducod mo to address you, as I am in a position to bo able to give somo information not afforded by indignant 'Yarraman.' The sentonco in which he accuses Mario's owner of meanness, and being afraid to spond a few pounds on tho raeo would bo boneath notice, both from Iho way.in whioh the writer himself a little further on, disposes of it, for ho says the horso would havo been sure to navo boen beaten, and no one, of couro, enters a horse if he has not tho ghost of a ohanco, for the more pleasuro of being beaten, and also' from tho coaraoness of it, wore it not that anything ap pearing in tho form it does, is supposed to carry somo weight. Last year Mario was entorod, and ran, and though unwell at the time, ran a pretty fair raeo., Tho fuel of hia owner entering him when not in a fit state to' run, properly shows ho is not devoid of spirit; and not long after, on the horse being challenged, he look it up, and the result was the raeo between Mario and Mr. O. E. Smith'a horse, owners riding, for £50. Mario won, and I am in a position to atuto aa a fact that Mr. Lyona did . not pocket the Btakea himself, but handed half to tho trainer and half tb a charity. This year Mario was entered for the Normanby Plate, and went vinto training, his ownor, I presume, thinking that only hacks would run, and, as Mnrio iB a pretty fast hack, that he stood a fair chance. Soon nflor it got wind that somebody was about to enter tho mare Louise, own sister to the Quack j still the sporting authorities Bpoke in glowing terms of Mario, and praised him up to a wonderful degree for what reason is beat known to themselves. At length the day before the entrances closed Mr. Lyons ascertained for certain that Louise was entered. Now, it may be correct that she has as yet won nothing ; still, when we consider the parontage and training, and the fact that tho Quack himself was'not fortunato at first, it must bo evident that a lona fide gentlemun's hack like Mario is, how ever good of bis kind ho may be, would stand no chance. It is true that the condition that any ownor of a horse in the ruce may claim tho winner for £75 might act as a 'partiul exclusion of racors, yet when we con sider the value of the prize, and tho stakes to bo added to it, and tho fuct that if the owners of the winner had taken care to take advantage of the favorable opinion of Mario, which tho newspaper comments had been extremely likely to induce, and had taken odds againat him (I do not, of course, say this was thoir intention) thoy would havo made a swinging profit oven if they had to sell their mare for £75. Considering, I suy, all this, thoy would not havo much to complain of. The prcsumptiou is that Mario's owner, whon acquainted with tho facts, like any one else would havo done, declined to enter hia horso whon he felt pretty sure of being beaten through an ovasion, if not of tho letter, yet of the spirit of the regulations —and when, through tho ill-advised comments of writers of the journals, hia running might be the cause of Bomothing very questionable, Mario was withdrawn ; and I think every ono who knows tho facts will agree rightly bo. Yours, &c;, ' ? ? TRAINER. 