I 1 OUR TWO YEAB OLDS. BT AUOUR. Although the racing season of Australia does not close until the end of July, we have advanced far enough to warn us that the legitimate sport of 1872-3 is drawing to an end, for the curtain will drop at the Adelaide Meeting, which commences on the 23rd of the present month, and this being so, a retro spective glance at the doings of our crack two year olds may prove of interest to those who are anticipating future events. The yearly increasing importance of our great three-year-old contests renders the perform ances of the crack two year olds much more interesting than heretofore, and the intercolonial character that now attaches itself to the straggles for the blue riband of New South Wales and Victoria compels us *o pay mote attention to the doughty deeds of probable Derby winners than was the case in the "good old days," when each colony had its own horses only contending for the proud honour of Derby winner. Despite the extra liberality bestowed by the V.R.C. upon its* bantling, that of the A. J. C. takes precedence, both in the time set apart for its decision and the hearts of the public, in whose affec tions it has taken a strong hold, merely, 1 presume, because it is the first great three Eiar-old race of the year, and affords specu tors an opportunity of investing in their favourite double, the Derby and Metropoli tan. Looking back to the opening of the .spring campaign in Victoria, we discover that the first two-year-old race of the season was the Maribyrnong Plate, which intro duced us to such celebrities as Dagmar, Hose d'Amour, and Lapidist, the two first named only exhibiting anything approaching first-class form. Commencing with the win ner, Dagmar, it will be remembered that she was bred by Mr. G. W. Petty, at Maribyrnong, and is a daughter of Fisherman's son, Mari byrnong, and Nightlight. In colour, she is a black brown, and shows great quality. She has the sweetest of heads, well set on to a strong muscular neck, with powerful shoul ders, but betrays signs of weakness behind the saddle, a defect which is noticeable in more than one of old Niglitlight's descendants. That this filly should inherit a wonderful turn of Bpeed is a circumstance that calls for no astonishment, seeing that Lantern and My Dream, two of the fastest animals that ever trod the Australian turf, claim the same mare for their dam. As stated above, Dag mar made her first public appearance on the first day of the last V.R.C. Spring Meeting, and upon that occasion cleverly won the Maribyrnong Plate, defeating 11 opponents, among them Rose d'Amour (then My Leah), Lapidist, and Benvolio. Her next attempt was in the Flying Stakes, but here she suffered an easy defeat, only getting third to Barbelle and Flame, her position in this race being attributed to a baa start; but she got no nearer the front in her succeeding essay, when she ventured to meet Loup Garou and Barbelle in the All-aged Stakes, wherein the two flyers of New South Wales finished in front of her. After this she betrayed slight symptoms of lameness, and I fancy her trainer eased her off a bit, for when she figured in the Two- year-old Stakes on New Year's Day, she finished behind the flying Mary Avenel and several others that had previously succumbed to her in the Mari byrnong Plate; a similar fate attending her efforts in the Ascot-vale Stakes, won by Lapidist. It will be observed that Dagmar neyeriau up to her proper form after the de cision of the Maribyrnong Plate, and it remains to be seen whether Mr. Wilson will be fortunate enough to bring her back to that pitch of excellence which enabled her to so cleverly accomplish her first and only vic tory. I am told that she is fast growing into a strapping big mare, and having been enjoying her ease since the autumn meeting she may appear in something like her old form by the time that the V.R.C. Spring Meeting conies round, for though engaged in the Maxes' Produce Stakes at Rand wick, her starting for that event is veiy improbable. Dagmar'e conformation impresses me with the idea that she is not a weight-carrier, and when she is called upon to traverse a mile and a half with 8st. Sib. upon her WV probably this opinion will be confirmed, for I'm satisfied that the mile and a quarter of the V.R.C. Mares' Produce Stakes will be much more to her liking than the mile and a half of the V.R.C. Derby. A glance at her pedigree will convince anybody conversant with breeding that she is forea in a maimer' which denotes fine speed rather than staying qualities, as the annexed tabulated form will show: Heron Mainbrace The Flying Dutchman Bustard Daughter of Sheet Anchor Daughter of Bay Middleton Barbette Boarding School Ju Plenipotentiary Marpesga Camel. Garcia Bay Middle ton Torch Whalebone Daughter of Octavian Daughter of Sultan Cobweb lamplighter D'Anoi^e G&Strel.; Mies Hap Orrille Rosanne Lottery tfoigiaoa Bay Middlfiton Nitocrls Sultan Cobweb Sandbeck Darioletta Emiluu Harriet iiuley Clare Waxy Selim Maiden .beron mare Shuttle Ratherine ftelim Baochante Phantotn filagree gfafia Wtiaigfthfc'g dam From this it will be iron that tlwwghher 1 vfMj* Ilyre iflrcourijiitf n^ieBStth»,three, stram^or Bay Middj&froo; mora famntiR vfom iwperly icwesedj,trfthf0tori mnntag . strain*; toeu fwv i MA tm wwr&i; {hat ww etrtln, at all j events, of the much-abused fluid is no detriment; still, with, the name of Bay _ Mid dleton occurring thrice in a horse's pedigree, I should anticipate rare speed, hut not stag ing qualities; and though Dag mar inherits stoutness from her sire through Sheet Anchor, and from her dam through warding School Miss, who. & a daughter of the stoutly-bred Plenipotentiary and Marpessa (the dam of Pocahontas, who produced such celebrities as Stockwell, Rataplan, King Tom, &c.;), and, fond as I am ot a dash of Bay Miadleton, I cannot regard. Dagmar in the light of a Derby winner shbuld all go well with three or four of her opponents, ana especially Maid of Avenel, by Stockham, out of Mary Avenel, a well-shaped but not very taking filly that was bred by Dr. Bathe. It will be remembered that the worthy doctor saved Stockham from sinking into oblivion by securing him to perform the duties of a stud horse m his establishment. Passionately fond of the stout Weatherbit family, Dr. Bathe determined to fjiyethis handsome chesnut a chance jtp distinguish himself at the stud, and one of the first mares thatvisited him was the beautifully-bred Mary Avenel, whose son, Julian Avenel, by Ace of Clubs is possessed of a fine turn of speed ; but it was left to Stockham to make her more famous in the annals of the turf, and their union resulted in the production of Maid of Avenel, who made her d&>ut on New Year's Day-, when she was pitted agiinstllie'trwo year-old cracks of the season. Despised by the public, and not favoured in the start, she came through her horses in gallant style, and disposed of her opponents cleverly enough to heave no doubt upon my mind that she was a filly of the highest class. Unfortu nately she was not engaged in the Ascot-vale Stakes, a circumstance to be regretted, as it was evident that time had worked a con siderable improvement in Lapidist and Rose d'Amour, more especially in the colt,' who is more at home over a distance of ground than short courses. There can be no doubt that Maid of Avenel ran like a thorough stayer upon the solitary occasion that she appeared in public, and remembering that the time occupied in running the five furlongs was lmin. 6sec. only, I cannot help thinking that the Maid's prospects of gaining Derby honours are of the most roseate hue. On the score of breeding she cannot well be sur passed, as a perusal of her pedigree will testify. Sheet Anchor Miss Letty Pantaloon Honoria I. Bird catcher Alice Hawthorn The Knight of Avenel Tapestry Lottery Morgiana Pnam Orville mare Castrel Idalia Camel Maid of Honour Sir Hercules Gruiccioli Muley Moloch Rebecca The Doctor . Blue Bonnet Melbourne Stitch Tramp Mundane Muley Miss Stephen son Erailius Cressida Orville Golden dam Leg's Buzzard Alexander mare Peruvian Musidora Whalebone Selimmare Champion Etiquette Whalebone Peri Bob Boot)' Flight Muley Nancy Lottery Cervantes mare Doctor Syntax Lottery mare Touchstone Maid of Melrose Humphrey Clinker Comus mare Hornsea Industry For Stockham Dr. Bathe claims the honour of being nearly full brother in blood to the ralebrated Beadsman, the sire of Blue Gown, Roeicrucian, Pero Gomez, and many other lioi^s of the British turf. That he is entitled to this distinction there cannot be the shadow of a doubt, for both horses are by Weatherbit, Beadsman's dam being Mendi cant by Touchstone out of Lady Moore Carew, a daughter of the celebrated Kite ; the latter a granddaughter of Castrel, a strain which Stockham gets through his dam Birthday, by Pantaloon, a son of Castrel, her dam being Honoria by Camel, the sire of Touchstone, who was the sire of Mendicant. Maid of Avenel is equally well bred on her dam's side, as Mary, Avenel is by Lord Faucon berg, a son of Irish Birdcatcher and Alice Hawthorn, the former famous as the grandsire of Stockwell, and the latter as one of the stoutest runners that England ever saw, and rendered still more celebrated in the annals of the turf as the dam of Oulston and Thormanby. TibTacket, MaryAveiiel's dam, wasby Kmghtof Avenel out of Tapestry, the dam of the great French mare La Tocques; Blue Bonnet (a Leger winner) was the Knight's dam, and she was by Touch stone, also a Leger winner; Industry, the grand dam of Tapestry, being a winner of the Oaks, so that on both sideB Maid of Avenel inherits the best strains of running -blopd, and, therefore, itis nbt tobe wondered pt that this judicious combination resulted bo happily. Lapidist's victory in the Ascot-vale Stakes entitles him to rank next in succession. Here we have another example of the correct ness of the fusion of the Weatherbit and Sir . Hercules and Touchstone strains; ?and a Derby pedigree right through is that of Mr. Filgate's sturdy bay, who, like Maid of A^nel, is full of "the good old Waxy blood," and other stuff of which Derby ?winners are made. Than his dam Chrysolite there is no better bred matron in the world, seeing that she claims Stockwell for her. sire and Juliet for her dam, the latter being a granddaughter of the celebrated Kite,- whose name also appears in tfie pedigrees of such turf notabilities as Orlando, Beadsman, Blue Gown, Roaiorucian, Digby Grand, Cantiniere, ana Gang Forward, the last named, being nearly related to the beautifal little Stock well mare that has given us Cleolite and Lapidist Inbred as be is to Sir Her* cules, Lapidist conld hardly fail to prove a success, and notwithstanding his defeat* at the spring and summer meetings, his breeding and make and shape were: always good( enough to induce me to hold a fftvour opinion of nim when tried over a" scope of around. For presuming to entertain ibis idea I ym veil pubbedoy " Old Chum," a corespondent of ypurs whoopuld seenotmi jn Rose d'Amour and LapidLit toMl in lo ?with. In the nutumn the l$>H' had7; tin dp portuAity ^oftesting hiscapftbilittefc Mas a stayer, and the extra futiong suiting Mai to Weatherbit Child of the Mist ShefetAnchor HtaWty/; St. Francis Taurina Sir Hercules Factory Girl Whalebone Peri UipipUghter Hie Baron Pocahontas Touchstone Lancashire Witch JjOttery^ Priam Onilleaare §t.-Patriot Surprise Spinning^ Wandetw Thalestris Merlin - Spotless Juniper L Blrdcatclier , n*5H«rcule8 i Buicdoli Echidna dencoe Oarac-1 Banter Tombov Kite Economist Miss Pratt Sultan Trampoline Muley Clare Whalebone Selimmaie Master Henry Boadicea JenTj Bustard Olympia Rose d'Amonr; by Fireworks but of Art Union, is, perhaps, the most consistent of all the two year olds that appeared during the season, having figured in publicse ventiraes and run four seconds and three firpts, com' mencing by finishing next to Dagmar in the Maribyrnong Plate; then holding the same unenviable position in the Two-year-old StakeB on New Year's Day, and following this up by scoring another second in the Ascot-vale Stakes. In the Nursery Handi cap, however, she broke the spell, by gaining a clever victory over Lapidist, nothing being within cooey of the pair. As time advanced, so did this filly improve, and the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes "Being over the distance to which she is most partial, she was served up particularly warm. The race proved but a canter for her, nothing having the ghost of a chance with her, although the flower of the New South Wales two year olds was opposed to her; and they fared no better when the distance was increaaed a couple of furlongs, and her weight raised 71b. by in curring a penalty for winning the Cham pagne, the only one that troubled her being the Victorian-bred and fast- improving Ben volio, next to whom came Master M'Gratk, a Yattendon colt that showed some form on the succeeding day by finishing in front of Rose d'Amour and Benvolio in the Nursery Handicap, receiving 171b., including the sexual allowance, from the Kose, and Tib. from Benvolio. Although defeated, Rose d'Amonr was not disgraced, considering the amount of yreight she conceded to Master M'Orath; yet; with all her brilliant deeds, I'm not satisfied that her three-year-old career will be at tended with the same- feucces?, albeit Bhe is a well-grown filly, . a splendid weight-carrier. With capital action: but. like Dagmar, a mile and a quartw im probw)if be found to tie her best distance. She, too. is full of the " trashy Bay Middleton blood, as breeding fanatics term it, having less than three strains, all upon her dams side; consequently she as bred for speed, and if she can but stay, of which I have my doubts, she will prove the trump card of Mr, Tait's three , year olds next sprpg* Here is her pedigree in full, and a glimpse at foe lower portion of tins tabulated form wul show now full of Bay Middleton blood her dam is 