1 1 EEM1NISCENCES OF CAPTAIN MAERYAT. | (From the Home Noes ) Frederick Mabhyat was born in Westmin ster ia 1792. He was of the really illus trious race of vulgarly so-called Cockneys, for not only men born within the sound of Bow Bells, but those born within the limits that sound could reach, if universal Bilence reigned as the bells rang out, are Cockneys. That, at least, is the old tradition. The outline of his life ie soon drawn. He went to sea when a mere boy ; he left it when a man in his prime ; but he had been in above a hundred engagements, on land and sea. Qe earned rank and honour by the zealous part he took in the destruction of men, and much praise for having rescued from watery graves almost as many as he killed. Thus the account was balanced. Hie novels began with the Naval Officer, which waa partly written before he withdrew from aotivs ser vice, and they dosed with those juvenile stories, ont of whioh alone he made a hand some income. Books of travel and a pro fessional work or two may be included among his literary efforts. Magazine writing be commenced in the first number of the Metropolitan, edited by Campbell, and rendered ponderous by the insertion of a lecture on Anoient Geography which Camp bell had previously read at the London In stitution. Marryat's contribution was the first part of the Pacha of Many Tales. The novelist affected the utmost disregard for publishers, and the most unreserved con tempt for critics, whereby wo may see that the gallant captain was no fool at driving a bargain, and very sensitive as to publio judgment on his books. Without ever com pletely cutting himself adrift from literature, he in his later years took to farming on his little estate at Langham, Norfolk. He tried hard not to be a gentleman farmer, but a real farmer ; and be dressed accordingly, and looked very like what he wanted to be. The result, however, was the usual crop which gentlemen farmers reap ; and, amid disappointment and severe affliction, came ill-health, successive ruptures of small blood- vessels, decay, delirium, and death, a.d. 1848. The sailor-author was one of fifteen sons and daughters, some of whom besides him self contributed to literature. He, for his part, was an idle, troublesome fcoy, who loved play, could learn easily, and was flogged continuously. One of his masters once found him standing on his head, book in hand, in the schoolroom. ' He did so,' he said, ' because finding it impossible to master his task on his feet, he tried t'other tack ! ' He was for ever running away from school, and was always found * at or near the sea. He was allowed to h^/e his own way, and in 1806 he was afloat in the Imp6rieuBe. In that fighting ship alone the boy was in fifty engagements. After one bloody affair, he was laid out for dead by the side of others between the guns, the | fresh sea air blowing over them all. An officer who had not been in the boarding affair, which had cost so many victims, and I who was an enemy of the lad, looked down I on him and said, ' here's a young cock who j has done crowing. Well, for a wonder, this chap has cheated the gallows! ' The fresh air, however, had brought the chap to his senses, and Marryat faintly exclaimed, ' you're a liar.' Whatever work the Impurieuse had to do, all went well with her if the day was Sun day. Cochrane called upon his men to face terrible dangers. Death and destruction stared the crew in the face, but they smiled and went on cheerily, if they were asked to do impos8ibilitippon a Sunday. No matter what the work, it ''is done then, and done nobly. In saving men from drowning, Marryat more than once nearly lost his life. In describing his own experiences of drown ing in a rough sea, he said he felt as if he were enclosed in waving green fields, which approached nearer and grew greener as his senses gradually forsook him. It was like sinking down overpowered by sleep in the long, soft grass of a cool meadow. On one occasion Marryat's gig upset, in which were himself, a middy, and an old bumboat woman who could swim like a fish, but the boy could not. The old woman struck out and held up the captain, who in vain called on her to leave him and save the boy. ' What,' cried the old lady, ' hold up a midshipman, whon I can save the life of a captain ! Not I, indeed ! ' There is a good ghost story in tbe book, of Marryat's brother Sam appearing to the captain at night, when ho had turned in, just to say, 'Fred, I am dead,' an announcement which, in course of time, proved to be true. We prefer a livelier story of court life at Brighton, when Marryat and his wife were sojourning there, and were among those who were invited to court: — ' It was the custom at the pavilion balls for their Majesties to receive their guests in an ante-chamber, where the ladies, having kissed the Queen's hand, and been saluted in their turn upon the cheek by the King, were generally engaged .in a few gra cious words of conversation before tbey passed through to tho ball-room. These entertainments were usually graced by the presence of some of theF ? ; andW — — F ? 's favourite and elegant expression, when waiting to escort the ladies of his ac quaintance to the ballroom, of 'has dad bussed you yet ? ' was as good an evidence of his royal paternity as he could wish to carry about the world with him.' Marryat contrived to live down a strong aversion to him felt in America, of which country and people he wrote in terms of ad miration. He had a way of heedlessly saying things which gave offence, as, for instance, when some one observed he 'could not get over Colley Grattan's nose,' Marryat remarked, ' no wonder, since there is no bridge to it.' And quite as heedlessly he sent a houseful of furniture to a poorer friend, not an article of which, except the chairs, would go in at the doors. His own house was crowded with memorials of his , wars and travels. How he came by some of I the trophies is thus told : — ' During the war those Burmese who were in the possession of any stones of value UBed to make an in cision in the flesh of their arm or leg, and, inserting the jewel, allow the flesh to close over it again. Captain Marryat became aware of this custom, and after each en gagement made his sailors pass their hands up and down the bodies of the slain, and wherever a bump was perceptible a cot of the knife soon relieved the owner of his then useless property.' To his two boys Marryat was much at taohed, and the loss of the eldest of them accelerated his own death. The following passage shows that they were their father's sons: — 'Of Captain Marryat's eldest son Frederick, mentioned in this letter (a fine, wild, generous fellow, who perished in his prime by the wreck of the Avenger), many stories might be told quite as amusing as those which signalised the early life of his father. He was a universal favourite, bat the pranks he sometimes played in his pro fession alarmed even the least sober among his companions. Amongst his boyish es capades it ia related how, when his ship once lay off Gib., he used to be selected to com mand the boat whioh took a certain blind admiral to and from the shore, and part of his duty consisted in telling the old gentleman whenever an offioer saluted him in passing. The temptation to mischief was too strong for poor Fred; the warning, 'officer saluting yon, sir,' waa given upon all occasions, ne cessary or otherwise, and the bid admiral was never allowed to rest quiet two minutes without raising his hand to his hat. The trigka|Hi«)n(trtiBti(e»iiu|« having been discovered, Mr. Midshipman Marryat waa transferred to another ship in disgrace ; when he piled all his baggage in a boat so as to resemble a coffin, covered it with the Union Jack for a pall, and played the Dead 1 March in Saul on a cornopean as he was | conveyed to his new destination. On another ' occasion he was serving in a ship off Singa pore, and not on the best of terms with his captain, who, on giving a ball on board, omitted Mr. Marryat's name from the list of invitations. On the following day, however, when all the glass snd crockery whioh had been hired for the guests were reedy paxjked to go baek on shore, he was the one told off, with malice prepense, to command the boat. On receiving the order, Midshipman Fred appeared on deck, slowly and indolently. ' Make haste, sir ! ' cried the indignant cap tain. 'Bun, sir— jamp!' 'Ay, ay, sir,' was the ready response ; and jump he did, right over the ship's side, and dashed into the midst of the hired orockery, the des truction amongst which may be better imagined than described. The younger boy, Frank, was entered on the roll of the navy at the tender age of three years, and his father used to say that when he took him up for that purpose to the port admiral at Plymouth, and the officer, wishing to be gracious, patted the little one (who was at tired in the costume of a seaman) on the head, with the observation, ' well, you're a fine little fellow,' the youngster set all the bystanders in a roar by the cool reply, ' and J you're a fine old cock too ! ' ' 