TUE BUILDING ACT IN COLLINGWOOD. A meeting, attended by about 70 bur- gesses, was held on Tuesday evening at the Studley Arms Hotel, Welling- ton-street, Collingwood, in aid of the movement for the suspension of the Building Act for a period of three years throughout the district lying east of Wel- lington-street. Mr. Peters occupied the chair, and urged that the Building Act was quite unsuitable and injurious to the in- terests of the district. If under the Building Act a larger 'number of superior houses would be erected in the district, then by all means let the act be continued. But he thought that the revcree would be the case. When throughout a great portion of the district the streets were not made, it was idle to talk about applying the building act in those localities. Mr. Payne said that as the owner and builder of seveial houses which had been elected against the regulations of the Building Act, ho could say that if he had conformed to the act the cost to him would have been a third more, without affording any more rent. If the act were in force capitalists would not invest their money by building houses in a locality where taxes were high and lents were low. Tims settlement would be stopped, and a serious blow would be struck at the prosperity and ad- vance of the borough. He trusted that tim nninion of the meeting would be so unanimous and hearty that the borough council would see the advisability of con- forming to its wishes. He moved-" That thiB meeting is of opinion that to continue to enforce the present building regulations now in operation in this town will be the means of preventing settlement therein, induce latepaycrs to leave the district, and hinder capitalists from investing in a locality thus tiammelled, thereby giving to the townships of Richmond, North Fitzroy, and other places an undue advantage over us, as those regulations aro not yet in force in these municipalities, and as the said regulations would also prevent any incieaso of rates on the large area of land at present unoccupied in our midst." Mr. M'Burnie seconded the resolution, and stated that an estimate had been furnished to him as to the relative cost of a three roomed cottage built of wood without com plying with the regulations, and a similar dwelling built, of brick in accordance with the act. The cost of the one was £4613s. 2d., and of the other £70 6s. 8d., or a difference of £3013s. Gd. in favour of the former. The motion having been put to the meeting,' was carried, with only live dissentients. ? Mr. John Myers moved-"That during the time the Building Act has been in operation in Collingwood it has been the cause of great dissatisfaction, by preventing the residents from making the smallest alterations or ad- ditions to their premises, unless .-done under the superintendence of the building surveyor, whose vexatious interference is only another instrument for increasing the expenses of the already overburthened pro- perty-owners, by fees and unnecessary and costly alterations ; this meeting therefore respectfully urges,on the,town council the necessity of rescinding or suspending the building regulations now in force." The re- solution was seconded by Mr. It. Thomson, and carried. Mr. Dow moved-" That Coun- cillor Morgan be requested to lay before the mayor and the members of the town council of Collingwood the foregoing resolutions." The motion was seconded by Mr. Bedford, and carried unanimously. FOLLOWING the example set in the mother country and Victoria, the authorities of the Brisbane Hospital have decided upon insti- tuting a hospital Sunday, and have chosen Sunday, November 30, as the day for appeal- ing to the charitable. , A NEW sensation has been discovered by a contributor to Chambers'» Journal. He had never seen the interior of St. Paul's Cathe- dral, anti, it being his last evening in London previous to his return to Australia, he pie vailed upon a grey-headed old man, so he says, to let him into the building whon the shades of evening had gathcrod around it. The colonist, who was left in the building alone, saw a few feet from the floor-not a ghost-but a rope dandling from the vast height above, and having been a fumons gymnast in years gone by, he caught hold of it, and found himself being drawn up, of course to his great honor. Soon he almost lost possession of his senses and strength, expecting every moment to be dashed to pieces. Ultimately, lie became quite uncon- scious, and when he "came to," he found himself on the floor, with his grey-headed friend bending over lum. It appeal's that the old man returned just in time to see the hero of this startling episode dangling in the air. that he whistled three times, just as he had observed the-workmen did when they wanted the rope lowered, the pulling-up stopped, and the rope came down, the colonist holding on till it nearly reached the floor again. If the story is.not true, it might fie. Moral Wlien you go into St. Paul's and see a rope swinging from the roof,'don't practise ; gym- nastics nponit.. '<? - ' .. .;- ' ; 