CRICKET. CRICKET GOSSIP. Br "Bat." Aa & matter of course the all absorbing topic of conversation in cricketing circles during the past week has boon the inter colonial match iu Sydney. An unusual degree of interest was felt in the match owing to an impression prevailing in many minds that the result would be a close one, and I must candidly say that I was among those who looked upon the chance of New South Wales winning the match as being extremely rosy. Seeing the manner in which Coastick was collared by those members of the combination team who represented New South Wales, and dwelling on his inferior performance with the ball in tho late match between Melbourne and EastJMetbourno, one could scarcely fail to infer from, the one case that the Welshmen were quite able to repeat their good batting on their own ground, and from tho other the inevitable conclusion to bo arrived at was that. Sam was getting out of form. The assiduous manner in whieh our opponents practised fer many weeks boforo the beginning of tho match, and the fact that there was some fresh blood in their ranks — to wit, Jeffrey and Pocockc, both of whom are said to be excellent players — all assisted to make the chances of New South Wales in this match the more encouraging. The result of the game, as far as it lias yet gouo, tends to tho belief that the Sydney men liavo not the ghost of a show of proving themselves victorious over our men. The bracing sea air of tho voyage landed Sam Cosstick on tho shores of Port Jackson as fresh as a two-year-old, and lit to bowl, as the saying goes, for " a man's life." With tho "oldnoss" in good fettle, and tho turf of tho Albert ground soddencd as it was by the nnprccedentedly heavy falls of rain to which the siBter colony has been subjected, even tho best batsmen of England would find tho keeping of their stumps in tact against Cosstick a task of no ordinary magnitude. The wet weather has proved a most formidable obstacle to tho success of New South Wales, for it appears that not withstanding what has beon said of the effectiveness of Coates' bowling on a wet wiuKCb, uur uivxi uiityeu mm wiiat greater ease than when they encqun- terod him in Melbourne on a tolorably fast wicket. While it did not suit Coates or Mooro, it agreed Bplendidly with both Coss tick and Alice, and our defensive style of cricket carries with it greater effect on a dead ground .than the faster and more bril liant play of the Sydney players. While admitting that the unfavorable weather as sisted us greatly, one cannot get over the fact that New South Wales has never been remarkable for pluck in playing an up hill gamo. Tho only chance of their winning tho match is to play with courage and determination in their second innings. With regard to the pernonnrl of the team of opponents, much surprise is ex pressed by good judges at the rejection of Sheridan's name by the match committee, and that no efforts wero made to induce Nat Thompson to take part in the encounter. Our neighboring cricketers cannot afford to leave men of such undeniably good cricketing qualities out iu the cold even when meeting a weak team from Victoria. As our special reporter lias given an account of the play elsewhere 1 must be brief in my remarks of the match until the last wicket lias been bowled. The East Melbourne contingent did not show very prominently in tho scoring-book iu the first innings, and their best man in tho second innings has failed to astonish the Browns. Six Jblimonters scored exactly 19be- tween them while the five M.C.C. men, with the assistance of a few sundries, scored all the best out ot n.f runs, reopio arc drawing inferences from this as to what would havu been the probable result of the late cup match, had it been played out. If the East Melbourne representatives do not pull up in the second innings tlioy will never hear tho end of it. I expect to sec both sides make an increase on their respective stores in the second innings, . but as regards the result of the match 1 look upon it as being all up with New South Wales. Owing to the con tinuance of tho wet weather the match had to he postponed until yesterday and to-day. The New South Wales Cricketers' Associa tion generously proffered to pay nil the ex penses in connection with the delay of the Victorians. It will pay them to do this as line weather (if ever it intends to be fine up there) will bring a good gntc. While the cracks of the Melbourne and East Melbourne clubs aro away in Sydney lighting in their country's cause, the remain ing players are contesting a friendly battle on the M. C. C. ground. Each eleven was composed of half of the lirst and the re mainder sf the second eleven, except in the the case of the M.C.C., whose ranks were strengthened by Curtis Reid opportunely coining down from Beech worth. Of course, with the absence of Cosstick from the M.C.C. eleven, Reid's assistance is not in considerable, for Cosstick himself comprises the bowling talent of the Melbourne. Alice and Boyle are away in Sydney, Wyntl- liam has left town, so the East Melbourne has not a bowter left, as Darke has not yet resovered his form, and Dan Wilkie seems to have lost the cunning of his right hand for ever. Under these circumstances, it was expected that there would bo some very heavy scoring. Andrew Loughnan adminis tered beans to the opposing bowling, making some grand bits, one of which was perhaps the longest hit of the season. C. Reid, who seem3 to have laid aside his bowling and taken entirely to batting, played a very steady innings of 20. Y oung Ford showed the possession of a tine free style in making his 2G very rapidly. Kelly, instead of making a score, could not tot up more than 8. This player is falling off every day. At point he does not shine with anything like the lustre of former days, and his place lias been taken by Curtis M'Furland. In his batting he shows a corresponding decadence. Gold smith aud Hepburn on behalf of East Mel- bput io arc making it very sultry for the bowling of Wardill, Reid and Co. When the stamps were drawn the East Melbourne had pat togother 38 without the los9 of a wicket. The ravages of the locusts have proved de trimental to tho interests of cricket in South Australia. Thoy have eaten every blade of grass on the turf, which was prepared for the intercolonial match with Victoria, and nothing but absolute bareness remains. Owing to this mishap it was resolved by tho Adelaide cricketers to delay the proposed visit from the Victorians uhtil next season. In re sponse to the request from the Tasmaniajis an amateur eleven from Victoria will cross the straits next week and play one match at Launoeston, and another at Hobart Town. It is not yet decided what names will « one pose the team. The islanders are vc v s- l oug this season, so I would recommend Victoria to take a strong team across. A Mr. Bailey mado 128 not out over there the other day. Much dissatisfaction is expressed in cricket ing circles at the want of punctuality with which the challenge cup match between South Melbourne and Carlton is distinguished. Owing to the dilatoriness or some other cause, it is very rarely that a match is com menced ou the Carlton ground before three o'clock. The captains of the contesting clubs should inBiBt on a commencement of tho game before half-past two o'clock, but I think by a little exortion on behalf of the players a commencement of operations at two o'clock could bo effected. The erickoters arc bidding for the patronage of the public, and thoy have been very successful in making the game populnr. If they .wish f< r a continuance of patronage, punctuality and an early commencement must be the order <>f the day. An acrimonious dispute recently took place iu the Warrnambool v. Mortlakc match. A one day's match was arranged between these clubs, the stumps to he drawn at a cortain time. As the game was very close, and the appointed time was drawing ucnr, the captains thought it advisable to extend tho timo in order to play the match out. Both captains agreed to the extension, but ono of the Warrnambool batsmen, who was in possession of the wickets at the time, refused to play beyond tho time originally appointed for drawing the stumps, and forthwith left the scene, arguing that it was not in the power of tho captains to extend the time, ami that the matter rested solely with tho umpire. Tho absurdity of this argument iH at once manifest, as it is well known that au agreement entered into by both captains is binding on tlio players of An old Ballarat cricketing friend writos mc as follows Our beautiful Eastern Oval, upon tho level and classic 'sward of which so many of you Melbourne fellows have distinguished yourselves, looks as well as ever. Grave doubts were entertained whether a worthy successor to Braithwnito would be found, but tho new curator, Mr. Wiu- Pobjoy, already promises well to main tain the name and nunc of the ground. Early and late the scythe and the roller may be seen moving, while small repairs to damaged turf succeed the attacks of armed heels upon the grass with commendable rapidity. A great metropolitan authority on cricket grounds long since condemned the white clover, but 1 think lie would change his opinion were he only to take a bird's-eye view of the oval from the railway. Air. J'objoy, f may tell you, was celebrated in his time as wicket- keeper to tho South Oxfordshire eleven, and later as captain of tho Creswiek team, whom he often led to victory. His colonial reputation, however, chiefly rests upon the fact that he was the introducer of tho big pedestrian handicap, which made tho annual Creswiek tryst almost more thnn n mere Victorian sports meeting. The pavilion lias been lixed up by the club (high time too), and now' looks quite ship-shape. Tn another week it is expected that all requirement's will have been fmllilled. The weather, L need scarcely say, has been terribly against cricket, and indeed every other kind of out door sport. I-ocal matches are the order of j.. 1 s tllc ultj blitrt' o ((jl'/ihau iluf ii1| ovrioual v militated against long flights. Tims the match with East Sydney fell through, and well that it should, for otherwise the renova tion funds would have run short. For more than jive out of eleven to pay their own expenses in a far away from home match is not to be expected from Ballarat in these ' weak, piping times of peace,' when calls are many anil dividends few. Still there is life in tho old dog yet, and the Melbourne cracks limy many times more have to gird up their loins before tackling the B. <J. C\, with ' old Dan' iu charge of the timber- yard. On the western ovnl tilings are remarkably quiet, although the central playing ground is kept in tolerable order. The City Club in fact, instead of being like a Tadpolts all head and no tail, seem to ho precisely the converse. Yet there are woalth, intelligence, anil dor- mant enthusiasm connected with the same institution." 