LONDON"GOSSIP. [FItOSt OUR LADV CORRESPONDENT.] I THE heat has been so great that only the thinnest or coolest-looting materials find favour at the watering places, which are now the Gathering resorts of both lenders and followers of fashion. Hence, blue Unen costumes have found favour amongest our belles, and not without reasons, for there is something eminently distingue about these dresses. The newest style of trimming them, is with ecru guipure, or soutache embroidery, arrayed in " Brandebourgs " on the polonaise and tho plaits thereof-also notice that tho polonaise is made long before, fastens in front and is looped up at the aides. Irish guipure is also very fashionable, by the way, all the newest polonaisesare worn with a pelerine tied in at the waist. Do not fancy these linen costumes are cheap. Au contraire, tho embroidery with which they are trimmed is so expensive, that thor cost as much as the most elaborate silk toilette. The shades of the linen vary from deep indigo blue to tho palest shade of Myoiotis, only with reference to embroidery, the there is this rule-the light blues are trimmed with nainsook, or fine embroidery, tho deep colours with heavy thick embroidery; when economy in trimming is an object, the linen should be dark blue with a very deep kilted flounce and polonaise. Severs cufia and pockets should be trimmed with large pearl buttons ; a morocco belt and bag takes the place of a sash. The best style of bat to wear with these simple costumes, is the straw hat " Andrea," which turns up at the back. This is trimmed en suite with blue linen in van- dykes, a blue foulard torsado knotted round tbe crown, and floating blue gauze veil, but always dc rigueur a bird's wing at ¡ the side. Iron grey linen is likewise much worn, especially at the spas. These dresses are always trimmed with dark Bhades of faille ribbon made up in bows. The beet form of polonaise, however, for warm weather is the " Aisse ; " this ( reaches (in very graceful folds) in front almost as low as the skirt-at the back , it is short, very bouffant, well looped up, ~~ and confined at the waist behind, but in front there is no band-the polonaise bangs loose, and describes a very wide band ; this loose frontis sometimes made of guipure, in which case a double row of buttons which otherwise ornaments the band is dispensed with. This style of polonaise looks very well over a striped , silk skirt. Tobe more explicit imagine a polonaise back of black China crepe, the front of Spanish lace studded with jet. Tho advantage of such a style is that these polonaises can be worn over a low bodiced dress. White muslin polo- naises have the fronts embroidered in satin stitch ; those of linen are braided. Embroidery is par excellence the order of the day. ,J?or autumn wear (alas ! the beautiful summer is faßt waning into autumn), embroidered costumes of silver gfay and prune, embroidered in violets will bo worn, violets worked on the silver grey polonaises. Black silk grenadine polonaises embroidered in jet, in wreaths and branches are tho " broidery " designs wbïch cover the garment, worn over black silk skirts ; thc effect is rich in the extreme, entre nous, so is the cost. In Paris, tho embroidery on one of these polonaises amounted to 800 francs, but the beauty of the design and the ex- quisite skill of the needlework render these positive works of art. Dolmans arc embroidered in narrow bands of embroidered beads. Palo blue mantelets j trimmed with guipnre ate in great vogue 1 at tho spas. Tboy serve also for opera cloaks and carriego wraps. Duince dresses are worn now without tunics. Train skirls with bauillonnees from the waist (very wide) and ruchings between each pulling aro now worn by thu ultra lashionists. Foulards aro going out, they aro so common; but velvet skirts are de rigueur in every lady's wardrobe. If the day be the least chilly, out comee, the velvet skirt, orer which «ny polo I nais» can bo worn. Lo iv bodices for ball dresses cover the shoulders, pointed very low, both back and front ; addod to to the bodice ia a plaited ruff, which goes all round the neck, higher behind than in front. This fraise is made of tho dress silk, lined with stiff muslin ; this has a very quaint appearance. " All that glitters is not gold." It ia all very well for ladies to talle of adopting the medical profession, but is it all gain P Dr. Mary Walker, ono of the female pioneers of that science, has found her profession so unromunorative, that she has entered the Treasury office at Washington as a clerk. Think of this, ye of the Sisterhood who are Ughliug for medical knowledge at Edinburgh. Tho betrothal of Prince Arthur to the Princess Thyra of Denmark has been officially contradicted, which seems strange ; does not tho course of their lore run smooth ? There has occurred here a sad and curious scandal in high life, in which an old lady, moving in aristocratic society, cuts a most disgraceful figure, though the probabilities are that abo is after all only a fool of the vory first quality. Misa Jane Warren, a single lady of sixty-five, instead of petting a dog or cat, or a parrot, indiscreetly takes to petting a page ; and, as we all know what London gamins aro, it turned out that petting a pago " not wisely but too well " is a dangerous pastime. The boy was but eleven and a-half when he first entered Miss Warren's service, and being now sixteen and prosecuted for fraud, this impudent young villain turns round and accuses his venerable mistress of an undue partiality. Thc jury.however.could not agree, so the case stands over till nest session. Meanwhile the prosecutrix will be tabooed from all respectable society for the rest of her existence. " Conduct IB fate," and kissing your menial page now-a- doys, whatever might be the fashion in the time of the ' crusades, and giving him about £C or £10 per week as pocket money, is, to ! say the least of it, an indiscreet pro- ceeding, which assumes an ugly look when made tho subject of a cross examination in a magistrate's court. Uer friends should have prevented the exposure at least of Miss Warren's imbecility in thus spoiling a servant. That semi-royal lady of whose death I told you in my last letter, the Duchess of Inverness, has bequeathed all her money to the Princess of Wales, Princess Mary of Teck, and the Duke of Cambridge. Tho Queen lias departed from Osborne to Balmoral, where she will stay till November. As she intends this year visiting tho Hebrides and tho Orkneys. No one seems to know when the marriage of Ibo | Duke of Edinburgh will take place, and j I fancy the nuptials will be solemnized abroad. ' The Shah of Persia did not much like j Vienna, it appears. He did not pay a ¡ visit to the Empress, for which ho sub- sequently thought fit to apologise. The ! Viennese too were disappointed that be did not spend money among them. Our sensation authoress, MÍBB Brad- i don, who however is Mrs. Maxwell, wife of the publisher of " Belgravia," is busy ! writing a drama in blank verse, which it j is to be hoped will .succeed, for we need 1 a ne» play writer just now. People are i getting sick of Mr. Andrew Halliday's j re-cbauffees of Sir Walter Scott. The | Eousby'a are about to appear on the , scene again, and Mr. Eyder, who Beems : to supply the London theatrical market ; with heroines, has a new female pupil ; ready to appear. This is about all the 1 theatrical news I know of. i Innumerable cases of drowning have occurred at our watering places this season, of strangers and visitors, nod only the other day Prince Arthur, while taking his morning bathe at Trouville, was submerged by a high wave, and was brought to shore sense- less, but by dint of great exertions was at last revived. Happily in this case he had been watched by some of Ilia suite, or otherwise he would have been lost. The Duke of Brunswick (Duke Charles), whose eccentric habits made him at ono time quite a notoriety here, died at Greuovo the other day. Ho had great wealth, which ho has, after making many wills, bequeathed to the city of Geneva. At one time the Emperor Napoleon III. was to have been the inheritor, but he offended the Duke by coldness and neglect. Adieu ! September fi, 1873. Av ExTiNOUisnEn.-Forward and Loqua- cious Youth-" Hy Jove, you know, upon my word now-if I were to eoe a ghost, you know, I should be a chattering idiot for thc rest of my life !" Ingenuous Maiden (dreamily) "Have you seen a ghost."-Punch. UHJIKHGOINU Ins examination, a medical student was asked what was the mode «f action of disinfectants. He replied, " They smell so badly that thc people open thc windows, and thc fresh airgots in." ACAUEMV PEKCILMKUX.-Affable Stranger -"There, sir, my Work'nug on the Linc again ! Sir Francis can appreciate a good thing, sir." Astonished Stranger-"Eh? What? 1 thought Millais painted this-" Affahle Stranger (contemptuously)-"1'ooh ! 'E may have painted it, but I made thc frame." Punch. WOMAN SUFFRAGE.-When a Taunton man went home recently at night, he saw- strange sliadows on thc sitting-room curtains, and heard hoarse whispers within. Applying his oyo to thc kcy-holu he beheld his wife and wife's sister, who had attended thc woman suffrage meeting, rehearsing a scene that filled his heart with anguish. With an empty hand-box to represent thc receptacle in which freedmen deposit their ballots, and a bundle of slips of paper for votes, these excited females were going through tho form of voting, and thc point of thc matter seemed to lie in tile ability of one to deposit faster than tho other could snatch them out. .lust os a slight disagreement arose, owing to thc sister's !ratting in three at a time and losing enough lair in thc operation to make two and a half switches, he unfortunately entered thc room and interviewed the hairbniBli, thc'flowcr-pot, and tho stove-lifter, all of which left an indelible impression upon his organ of cautious- ness, mid assisted bim downstairs in such a hurry that the sight of thc Btarry heavens from thc stone steps was moro cxhiliarating than thc spectacle of three buuehes of cannon cracker's tied to a dog's tail. He was doubt- ful before, but now eloquently expounds upon thc necessity of female iuflucuce to secure purity and decorum at thc nolls, and will appear in public after thc swelling goes down on his bead and he loses thc crick in his back. I -American Paper. | 