THE STORY-TELLER. THE ARTIST'S REVENGE. (From an English Magazine.) In the long and narrow street running from the Piazza del Palazzo to the magnificent Church of Santa Croce stood the office of the Guardia of Florence, one of the civic functionaries, who, about the middle of the fourteenth century, exercised a jurisdiction corresponding with that of our sheriff. One day, in the year J354, an. immense crowd gathered about it, attracted by the sale of the goods of a citizen under seizure for debt; and the more than usual number of known bargain-hunters drawn thither-a class as numerous then amongst the good citizens of Florence as amongst the inhabitants of any of our country-towns in the present day-proved that the occasion was one of no ordinary importance. Nor did they Beem likely to be disappointed in their object, for the property, though consist ing of rich stuffs, splendidly mounted arms, and furniture in the most exqui site taste, was selling off at the lowest prices. " They seem determined to ruin the man, that's certain," said a weaver of the Strada del Carmine, shrugging his shoul ders at the same time with a most resigned indifference. " And if that infamouB Duke of Athens had not stripped us of everything," re joined a woman standing next to him, "what bargains of beautiful gowns I might get now." " I can't but think," said the weaver, "that the Signor Guardia bears the owner some ill-will j it looks vexy much like it, at all events ; and, after all, it is a pity." " It is scandalous; it is infamous, friend," exclaimed a citizen, who now came up. It was the owner of the seized goods; and if the Castilian dictum be true that asserts " On the brow, and in the eye, The index of the mind doth lie," His mind was a noble, an upright, and honourable one. But there was a frown upon the lofty brow, and a flash of indig nation was in the intelligent eye, as he gazed on the Guardia, who returned the glance with a look of irrepressible exulta tion in the evident but impotent anger of his victim. For some time, however, the latter remained a silent spectator of the utter sacrifice of his property ; but, at length, as if losing all patience, he made his way to the official, and begged that he would discharge his duty a little less harshly and a little more impartially. But the Guardia, whom an old rivalry in a love affair had rendered his implacable enemy, noticed his remonstrance only by a contemptuous smile ; and the sale went on as before. The citizens loudly ex pressed their indignation at the odious proceeding of Guardia-an indignation, however, that in no way seemed to lessen their enjoyment in the bargains of the rich stuffs they were securing at the ex pense of the unfortunate owner. No sooner was the sale over and the work of spoliation completed, than he b6ldly made his way through the crowd, and suddenly leaping upon the platform erected for the purposes of the auction, sadly, but calmly and proudly, addressed the assembled throng. " Citizens of Florence," he cried, "hea ven knows-and many of you, my fellow countrymen, know too-that I have lived in all honour, honesty, and peace unto this day. Who can say that I have ever borne malice or hatred to living man ? Harmlessly and quietly have I gone in aud out among you ; but the work of this day has changed my whole nature. I am not what I was when I first saw this morning's light. Let him who has made the change look well to it; for he shall yet dearly rue this day's work. I will not use sword or dagger ; I know the use of no other weapon but my pencil; and I need no other. I will tell you what has brought me to this, that you may know how your magistrate can reward a man for doing a citizen's duty. The widow of my dearest friend was in urgent need of a sum of money, and I raised it for her, on my personal security. Death snatched her away before she could repay it, and I asked in vain for a delay of three days. Nothing would satisfy the Guardia but the ruin of an honest citizen. Yet, me thinks, a Florentine magistrate might well have deemed a little more courtesy due to Andrew Orcagna. Well, signor, you have worked your purpose, so will I mine; and here I swear, before assembled Florence, that I will plunge you, while yet alive, into hell." And while the last words were yet upon his lips, he sprang to the ground, and the crowd giving way before him, he went off in the direction of Santa Maria la Novella. " If we did not know him to be Andrea Orcagna, the painter," said a woman in the crowd, "we might take him to be some great magician, with his spells and his witchcraft. To hear him talk of send ing a man down to hell alive makes my blood run cold." " To my thinking, he had good reason to complain," said a respectable looking citizen. " He deserved better of the citi zens of Florence than that they should quietly stand by to see him ruined. Why, he is not only a, painter, but a poet, a sculptor, and an architect-and, what is better, a friend of the people, always ready to stand up for our rights." " That's true, friend," said the weaver ; " and while he was speaking, I could not help thinking it was Alighieri Dante's ghost come to upbraid Florence with its ingratitude. But the Guardia has ordered the streets to be cleared; so we had better be off." ****** Six months afterwards, a crowd was again assembled in the streets of Flo rence ; and again on account of Andrea Orcagna. But this time the artist was ; the voluntary and gratified cause of its j assembling. He had just finished adorn- ' ing the Church of Santa Croce with the : two masterpieces, "Paradise" and "Hell" 1 -a design conceived from Dante's great epic-and he announced to the nobles of Florence that his labours were completed, and solicited the honour of their presence on the day when they were to be first presented to the public gaze. The artist's mission was then regarded as a high and holy one ; pen or pencil was not then prostituted to the services of despotism. Half a century had scarcely elapsed since the Florentine people, in enthusiastic admiration, had borne in triumph through the streets the Madonna of Giovanni Ciambue ; nor were they now less ready to hail the productions of a genius, the glory of their city. The po pulace flocked to the spot as well as the nobles ; and foremost in the throng, im pelled by malignant envy, was the Guardia. The splendid painting called forth ac claiming bursts of admiration alike from noble and from artisan; and some were congratulating Orcagna on his brilliant success, when a peal of laughter made the lofty aisles re-echo. It was followed by tlie cry, " The Guardia ! the Guardia ! Look at him! Sure enough, there he is ; in the very middle of hell! Bravo, mas ter ; bravo, painter ! You have now kept your word." And the weaver of Strada del Carmine -for his was the exclamation-pointed to a full length figure of the Guardia, dis tinguished by three crimson lilies in his white cap, pursued by a demon with a fiery cross. Close beside him was the judge who had signed the warrant against the artist, and also the likeness of Cecco d'Assoli, a celebrated magician of that day. A shout broke from the assembled popu lace ; and the pitiless official, who, before the weaver's acclamation, had half sus pected, notwithstanding their hideous dis tortion, that he was gazing on his own lineaments, rushed towards the door, ac tually howling -with indignation, followed by the jeers and hisses of the crowd. "I am at last avenged!" murmured Orcagna. " Friend," said Sylvestro di Medici, emphatically j " beware of this man 1 He has the cunning as well as the venom of the serpent." " Well, at all events," said rhe artist, carelessly, " I have filed his teeth, toler ably, and extracted a few of his fangs." "Nevertheless, Orcagna," said a voice from the crowd, " beware of the Guardia, for he will follow you, even were it, in deed, to hell." And the crowd dispersed, leaving An drea to triumph in a mode of vengeance which he was the first to advise, and the terrors of which, in a superstitious age, we can now scarcely estimate. ***##* Orcagna had received, from the monks of Santa Croce, only a small sum in ad vance, and, confident in the enthusiasm excited by his gigantic work, he imme diately repaired to the Abbot to request payment of the stipulated amount. The reverend father gave him to understand that it was not possible to meet the de mand. The Church was poor ; they had fallen upon evil days ; the first love was growing cold, and the faithful no longer gave their wonted abundant alms. In short, he was told that he must wait whether patiently, or not, was his own affair. In vain he appealed to the civic authorities-the Guardia's influence was at work, and his complaint was dis missed. And now commenced a series of perse cutions, till at length the artist felt that he had no resource but to quit Florence ; and, unfortunately, lie gave too loud ex pression to his determination. Before he quitted for ever his ungrate ful country, the great painter wished to retouch the frescoes with which he and his brother Bernardo had adorned the Capella di Strozzi, in Santa Maria La No vella. In order that the work might not be interrupted, the chapel was shut up, and none but the painter admitted. On the eve of the day when it was again to be thrown open to the public, and while the artist was yet putting the finishing stroke to his work, it was discovered that a re liquary of great value and a pyx with the host had been abstracted from the chapel. All Florence was in commotion at the news; the first day eager enquiry waa passing from mouth to mouth as to who the sacrilegious plunderer could be. The next day the name of Orcagna was whis pered ; and the third day the Guardia, exulting in such a pretext for the ruin of his enemy, openly denounced him before the Gonfaloniere, or chief, of the republic, and the celebrated artist was thrown into the State prison. In the middle ages, the penalty for sacrilege was death, or perpetual impri sonment. Heavy, therefore, was the charge against the unhappy Orcagna; and, innocent as he was, his heart sank within him, for he well knew the fickle character of the Florentines; and, be sides, disgrace and ignominy must rest | upon his once-honoured name. He underwent two examinations, and vehemently, passionately indignant was his protest against the accusation of theft. "Many may have been my faults and errors," he said ; " but thus to degrade myself to the level of the vilest of crimi nals-my lords, you do not yourselves believe it possible. This hand, that has obeyed the inspiration of my high and holy art in adorning the shrines of Santa Maria and San Pietro Maggiore-think you this hand could be that of the nightly marauder, the base plunderer of the sacred vessels of the chapel of Strozzi? In any other city but Florence, Andrea Orcagna need not have asserted his inno cence." But what were protestations and asser tions to minds predisposed to believe in the guilt of the accused; or, at least, de termined to condemn him as guilty 1 The Guardia had gained over the Gonfaloniere, and prejudiced him against the unfortu nate artist by insinuations that the party of the nobles would strain every nerve to screen men frt>m the just indignation of ' the Florentine people; and since the ex pulsion of the Duke of Athens, the whole power was vested in the hands of the popular party. The Gonfaloniere, him self a straight-forward, honest man, had no suspicions of the malignant motives of the Guardia, and seconded him vigor ously, believing that he was thereby thwarting the Guelf faction. All seemed to promise a triumph to the Guardia, and the unhappy Andrea was about to be put to the torture, had not Sylvestro di Me dici, a noble, but on the popular side, made strong objections, and succeeded in influencing some others to interfere in favour of the artist. But no interposition availed to alter the determination of the head of the re public, whom the Guardia completely influenced, and he had sworn to be con tent with nothing short of the utter ruin of Andrea. At length proclamation was made that the last day of trial was over, and the day appointed for passing sen tence. Florence heard that the scaffold was to rob her of her most illustrious painter, and that city of the arts was moved to its very centre ; and her cry of indignation and regret was re-echoed by the tributary towns. The Arctini and the inhabitants of Empoli came in crowds, and the citi zens of Pisa sent a deputation to demand the release of that Andrea who had im mortalised that Campo Santo. But all was in vain. The tribunal assembled to pass sentence. Vast was the concourse of the people. The lips of the inexorable Gonfaloniere were already parting to utter the terrible decree, and a thrill seemed to pass through the immense multitude, as if it had been one man; suddenly a voice was heard, crying, " Make way ! make way !" and a figure rushed through the crowd, and stood in front of the judgment-seat. The intruder was a young man; and he now vehemently exclaimed, " The great artist is innocent." "Thanks be to God!" burst from a thousand voices. The flush of triumph, so lately kindling the Guardia's brow gave place to a deadly paleness ; but he stooped, and whispered a few words in the ear of the Gonfalon ier e. " I was wandering in the "Valle di Ciiiusa," resumed the stranger, " when I learned that the life of Andrea Orcagna was in jeopardy ; and as I had my own good reasons for knowing he was innocent, I thought it best to lose' no time in com ing here." " And who are you ?" asked the Gonfa loniere, in stern tones. " I am called Ciro Sinistra, the bandit; for it may be that you have some curiosity to know my trade as well as my name. Three months ago I was a prisoner in one of your man-cages here. One night I heard the door of my dungeon grate upon its hinges at an unusually late hour, and a man stood before me. He was masked, so I did not see liis face; but what he said was more to my purpose. 'I come to offer you freedom,' he said, 'and, ; moreover, fifty ducats, if you be willing to earn them.' I was as willing as he could desire, and I obeyed his command to fol low him. He told me that he only wanted me to steal away the Strozzi reliquary. This was no small trifle ; and, after a lit tle hesitation, I undertook the job ; and having been let in the church, I got over the rood- screen, and soon had the re liquaiy in my possession. While my hand was in, I thought I might do a little business for myself ; so I broke open the tabernacle with my poniard, and took off with me the pyx, which is just now with a Jew in Ferrara. As to the reliquary, I put it honourably-for there is honour among thieves-into the hands of my em ployer, and, having received the pro mised fifty ducats, I made the best of my way to Arezzo, hoping to escape to Rome." " The name of that man !-his name, I say ?" cried Orcagna ; and his demand was echoed by the now shouting multi tude. " His name I cannot tell youanswered the robber ; " and, for the best reason I do not know it. But what I have said is not the less true, I solemnly protest to you, my lords. I was horror-struck when I heard that the consequence of my night's work was death or perpetual imprison ment to the good Orcagna. It is not, however, because he is the pride and boast of our country, that I am so ready to risk my head for his ; but he once saved my life from the scaffold. I made too free in taking what he was not willing to part with; and in the hope that, as I was then young, I might leave off my evil ways, he did not give ine over to justice, and Ciro Sinistro is not the man to forget this good turn." Great was the excitement in the vast assemblage, and many a heart throbbed with pity for the self-sacrificing bandit. But the Guardia was unwilling that his victim should thus escape him ; and soon his harsh voice was heard above the mur murs of wonder and satisfaction, exclaim ing, " Was there ever such manifest col lusion ? It is a fine story, my lord, and does some credit to those who have got it up. It is easy seen that this poor wretch has been bribed. Orcagna is guilty ; he must die." Muttered execrations were heard in the assembly at this persevering malignity ; but the shrill voice of the robber was again raised, and gave fresh stimulus to the excitement of that excitable mul i titude. " Signor Orcagna," said he, " you asked j me the name of my liberator ; I knew it not, nor do I yet know it; but tell me 1 ( what name is borne by the signor there 1" And, as he spoke, he pointed to the Guardia. j " The Guardia, the Guardia !" ex- ! claimed Orcagna, to whom the question was as a blaze of light on the whole trans action. " Well, then, it is the Guardia who has in his possession the Strozzi reliquary; he it is who opened my prison-doors. I recognised at once the voice that offered me liberty ; a prisoner is seldom likely to ; forget it." j The eye of the malignant adversary quailed before the concentrated gaze of the multitude, and, for an instant, he buried his face in his hands; but the next moment he raised his head, and haughtily claimed the protection of the court against such foul and calumnious imputations. The artist now endeavoured to plead his cause. " Let your excellencies but deign to consider the rancorous hatred borne to me by this man. It is well known that he has long sworn to work my ruin ; and who else could have had influence suffi cient to release a criminal from the dun geons of the State ?" "All this is mere assertion; nothing has been proved," said the Gonfaloniere ; " we are -but wasting time to no pur pose." " But here is proof to some purpose proof sufficient that a viler wretch than the Guardia walks not the earth and Sylvestro di Medici made his appearance, triumphantly holding up to the gaze of all the missing reliquary. No sooner had the bandit uttered the words " I put it into the hands of my em ployer," than the young noble, actuated by an instant and intuitive suspicion, left the court, and taking with hfm four archers of the guard, searched the house of Orcagna's enemy, and returned with his prize, the irrefragable proof of his friend's innocence, and of the guilt of his implacable foe. Amid the acclamations of the whole court, the wretched Guardia was sentenced to die the death he would have inflicted on the innocent. Need we tell how the people bore Or cagna in triumph through the streets of Florence-how, from that day forth, the Government loaded him with favours how nobly he evinced his sense of them by that wonderful monument of his ge nius and his gratitude, the Loggia di Lanzi, and by those master-pieces of art still seen in the churches of their city ? Need we say that the poor bandit was pardoned, and proved his penitence by the whole course of his after-life, passed under the protection of the grateful Or cagna? 