THE MURRAY RAILWAY. Yesterday afternoon, August 11, a meeting, sailed by the Mayor (Mr. W. Colman), in com pliance with a requisition, was held at Hooper's Hotel, Strathalbyn. for the purpose of con sidering tbe question of the construction of a railway from Adelaide to the River Murray. About 80 persons were present, and the Mayor presided. The Chairman read apologies for nonatten dance from the Hon. Thomas Reynslds and Mr. W.Rogers, M.P.'s for Encounter Bay, stating that as they had already addressed a meeting at Victor Harbour they did not consider it necessary to attend. Mr. Reynolds mentioned that he had been almost blind for some days, and that although better he was anxious to avoid exposure. The Chairman also mentioned that Dr. Ferguson was ,uuable to attend, as ho had been called away professionally. Mr. E. J. Hector moved— ' That it is inexpedient to construct a rail road from Adelaide to the River Murray, the existing facilities being sumcientaf or the present The Murray was already connected with Ade laide by three macadamized roads— one to Blanchetown, one to Mannum, and one to Milang. Besides, there was a railway from Goolwa to Victor Harbour, and a great deal of meney bad been spent in making Victor Har bour an available port At present the whole traffic of tho Darling was conveyed by one of these routes; aome of it was brought down th« river and landed at Blanehetown, some came to Mannum, some to Milang, and some to Goolwa and Victor Harbour, ft had been assertod by some of the merchants in Adelaide that tho delay in the transport of wool from any one of these ports was so great that wo were likely to lose the trade. Now there seemed to be no difficulty in getting the wool from the river to Adelaide. It was only a question of time. The time usually occupied was about two and a half days for team?. Thoro was also a difficulty at Port Victor. The vessols did not get loaded up sufficiently quick, and a great deal of time was lost. In order to get quicker dispatch for wool to England it was proposed to construct a railway to Mannum at an estimated cost of £400,000. This was accord ing to OBe engineer's estimate, but it was not confirmed by the estimates of other enginoera, which varied from £800,000 to £1,030,000. The whole of the outlay was for the sake of getting about 18,000 bales of wool down the Darling, because it was impossible for us to get the trado from the Murrumbidgeo District, which was now in the hands of Melbourne. The Darling trado amounted to 18,000 bales, but tho merchants expected to bo to ablo to wrest the Murrumbidgee as well as the Darling trade from Victoria. In order to make people believe that tho trade was very important some very fallacious figures had been read bef*re tho Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Char nock's estimate of the area of the country which was adjacent to the various rivers— the Darling, Murrumbidgee, and Murray— was 200,000 square miles, and he estimated that in 10 years hence it would contain 15,000,000 sheep. They knew very well it contained only 5,000,000, so the numbers would have to increase very vastly during the next 10 years. Of course the sheep were of mixed sexes and ages, so it would bo a very rapid increase, and much faster than the natural increase. That was one error. Another was that the sheop would produce 6| lbs. of wool each. Many gen tlemen there were well acquainted with the pro duce of Merino sheep, and they knew very woll whether flocks of sheep of all ages and both sexes would get 8$ lbs. of wool each. (Mr. Lander — 'Yes.') The Riverina country was expected to contain 15 millions of sheop in ten years' time. Now tho area of Victoria, which was tho pick of Australia as regarded grass, was 86,000 square miles. It was estimated by Mr. Chamock that the Rivorina country was as good as tho pick of Australia, but thoy knew that it was subject to periodical droughts, when the sheep died by thousands, and sheep could not bo expected to do as well as in Victoria. Vic toria contained about 6^ millions of sheep; there fore, according to Mr. Chamock, the Riverina country would have to be as rich as Victoria to keep tho number of sheep that he estimated it would contain. Tasmania hadj a good climate, and contained a largo number of sheep in comparison to her acreage. Tho area of that colony was 26,000 square miles, and she contained 700,000 sheep. If Riverina, with a very inferior climate, and subject to periodical droughts, were to contain as many sheep per square mile as Tasmania with her supe rior climate, it would only contain 13 million sheep. He thought Mr. Charnock had not been particular in his figures. He had done all ho could to make the trado appear very largo, so as to make it appear that tho railway would pay. He thought the whole project was prema ture. Some day or other 'a railway might bo required— (' No')— to Mannum, Blanchetown, or North- West Bend, but at the present time we had a great many other things to do. Tho Northern areas were crying out for roads, rail ways, ports, and all sorts of things and it would be a mere waste of money to make a rail way to the Murray at present. Besides, we had not labour to do everything. If'we did ono we could not do another. If this railway wore projected and passed, the money would bo diverted from works in our own province. Ho thought it was more important to develop our own resources, which brought in taxes and brought in public revenue, than to do anything for the benefit of another colony. Mr. Jas. Rankike seconded. He certainly considered that it would bo highly inexpedient to construct a railway from Adelaide to the Murray, even granting that Mr. Charnock's statistics were perfectly true. Ho had given the subject a good deal of consideration, and excepting the Adelaide merchants he could not see any way in which a railway would benefit the people of South Australia generally. Of course it would bo a great benefit to the merchants, and also to the Riverine squatters; but it was for them to consider whother it would be wise to incur such a large debt for the purpose of benefiting so small a class of the community. It was well known to all there, he imagined, that goods going up the river would pay no duty to this colony, the Govern ment having agreed to pay £13,000 per annum to New South Wales as the estimated duty upon all goods going there. Previously to that arrangement the duties were paid at tho ports on tho river, Goolwa, Milang, and Mannnm, from which the goods were shipped. This arrangement was, in his opinion, £13,000 given into the hands of the Adelaide merchants — certainly a class of people who required no assistance from the general community. Had this railway been one to the Northern area*, or anywhere else in Sobth Australia, the revenue would have been benefited by the Customs on goods sent there, the laud through which the railway ran would be enhanced in value, and probably a ready sale would bo found for hundreds of thousands of acres, ia which way the colony would be reimbursed for outlay. It also appeared to him that a railway wai altogether unnecessary, and that the present faculties were quite enough for the Murray trade. They had plenty of horses, and they ooull soon make wagons and find men enough to take all the traffic from Mannum or any other port on the river; all the merchants had to do was to offer a suitable price. The merchants said this was a question of time. He supposed they meant a delay ef several woek». Butthetimo occupied by wagons would not be a great deal behind that which would be occupied in carrying goods down by rail. He would confirm what Mr. Hector had said as to the inaccuracy of Mr. Charnock's statistics as to the wool which would come down from the rivers. He believed his estimate of 225,000 bales was 70,000 too much. In his experience of merinos he found that a hundred fleeces went to a bale; and, taking lambs into account— which would form at least a filth of the 15,000,000 sheep— he could not estimate the quantity of wool* they would yield at more than 70,000 bales lees than Mr. Charnock did. (Mr. Lander— 'No.') The Chamber of Commerce in the letter which they addressed to the Treasurer to encourage the Government to bring in a Bill for the completion of the proposed railway admitted that the railway if constructed would not pay working expenses for years. Well, that was a great deal for the promoters of anything to admit They generally took a more sanguine view of matters than afterwards appeared was justified, and he thought they might very safely conclude that the line would never pay expenses. It appeared that already the expenses of bringing down wool ia this colony was much loss than it cost to take it to Melbourne. In a letter sent by Mr. Allen, of Victor Harbour, to the Rvjister, ha ? howed that it cost £7 18s. per ton to tako wool from the Murrumbidgee by way of Ejhu^a to Melbourne, whilst it could be delivered at Victor Harbour for £8 15s. If in spite of thia enormous difference wool was still sent on to Melbourne, it showed that there must be very powerful attractions there, and he saw that Mr. Acraman, at the Chamber of Commerce, had specified some of fthem. It seemed to him that everything had been done which they well could do to incfuoe tho trade to come to South Aus tralia, and he must protest in the strongest manner against the proposed outlay, which would increase to a very serious extent their debt, without promising at the same time to bo any benefit whatever to auy class of the com munity exoept the merchants of Adelaide. (Applause.) Mr. R. AxLBK, Jun., thought in all thoso questions missUtomonts did a very great injury, and therefore he wished to correct a gro3s mis statement made by Mr. Rankine, when he said this colony paid £18,500 per annum which went directly into the Adelaide merchants' pockets. Before this money was paid the squatter, if ha ordered goods, paid the duty, not the merchant. Then Mr. Hector stated that the quantity of wool which came down the Darling at tho present time was 18,000 balea. If he estimated it at 12,000 he would be nearer tho truth; but that it was capable of being incroaaed to 50,000 bales he was prepared to prove. A railway, however, would never secure it, for if it was a question of railway, the wool would go by way of Echuca. Mr. Rankinb believed that what ho said was perfectly correct Undoubtedly tho squatters eventually paid the duty, but the merchants stuck it on, and charged them so much more. Mr. Allen was a shipping agent, and ought to know about tho matter. The merchants at tho tine they shipped goods at tho various rivor ports paid tho duty, and of course they took care when they delivered thorn to charge the squatters such a price as would cover tho duty and recover their profit Now the revonue paid £13,500 to tho New South Wales Government; the merchant here paid tho South Australian duty, whereas formerly he had to pay both. Mr. A. H. Landbker had much ploasuro in supporting the resolution. He considered a railway to the Murray would bo wm common sense and justice to South Austrana. (Hear, hear.) He would first of all look at this trado as if the territory through which tho river ran belonged to South Australia, and he thought ho should bo borno out by that meeting whoa he stated that, even if* such were the case, the facilities offered to the trade were fully adequate to its requirements. Thoy had an excellent seaboard road at one end, with a tramway connecting it 11 miles in length, and goods could be brought along it from tho steamers at Goolwa and put on board at from 17s. 6d. to £1 per ton. They had a good land road bj way of Milang, over which goods could be taken to tho city tit dead weight at tho rate of 25s. per ton, au-l along another road from a little higher up tho river the average was 27s. 6d. to 30s. If tho river territory belonged to South Australia they should consider thoeo facilities amply sufficient. (Hear, hear.) In addition to this it was % notorious fact that within tho last fow weeks tho four principal steamors holougiug to tho tra-lo had carried heavy cargoes through, tho Murray mouth— (applauso)— and that day thoro was a letter from Captain Geo. Johnston in the Register Bpeaking in nigh terms of it. Ho doubted whather it would be honest, to look upon it iu tho mildest sense, to tax the population £2 per hoatl for this scheme which had been proposed by some of their worthy friends in Adelaide. O.'f; of a network of rivers of about 5,000 milos of navigation South Australia held only 466 miles, at one end of which was Victoria, and at tho other Now South Waloa. Victoria in the most straightforward manner says determinedly, ' South Australia shall not reap tho bonofit uf our population,' and she protocts her produco by charging a duty of 40s. per ton on Hour, 20s. on wheat, and £18 13s. 4d. on soap. In addi tion to this thoro was 5s. wharfago charged, though thoy might have to land tho goods on tho river bank, so that so far as the rivor ran through Victorian country ho thought thoy might cen sider themselves as absolutely shut out. Now South Wales, as she was not in a position to do the trade herself, not having pushod her rail ways to the river, kindly consented to tako £47,000 from Victoria and £13,000 from South Australia, so that thoy might forward what goods they could t» tho river squatters; and when they remembered that tho Melbourne merchants had managed to get Victoria to tax her population to tho tune of £8 per head to build a railway to further thoir interests, thoy might congratulate tho promoters on tho success of their schemo, and bo very happy to see South Australia adopt any such .scheme. Though thoy paid £13,000 per annum for this trado, they must remember that thoy had not yefc spent their million of money to connect Ade laide with tho Murray. Why did Now South Wales, when she asked Victoria £47,000 for tho sharo of trado she was doing, only ask South Australia £13,000, except that it showed tho latter was doing less of tho trado? Immediately on South Australia making a railway to tho Murray New South Wales would expect £20,000 or £30,000— (Hoar, hear)— and should they refuse to pay she would only make terms with Victoria to farm tho duties as before. It would be a most brilliant epeculatioH certainly to con struct a railway for such a trade. He should feel deeply grieved to boo their young colony duped and fooled into entertaining such a schemo as this, and ho was certain every thinking colonist must come to tho samo tonclusion. Looking at tho warmth displayed at the late meeting of the Chamber of Com merce, and the prominency Mannum assumed, one would almost think that some members of tho Chamber had a leaao of that invaluable spot, and ho was very gratified that Messrs. Goodo and Acraman took the stand they did, for they both seemed to think that if they did not step forth and cay something in this matter the * Chamber would feel almost committed to tho Mannum Iiailway schemo. After referring to Mr. Acrarnau's remarks, and bis statement that even three railways would not secure tho Murray'trade, ho Baid, in addition to tho fact of freights boing lowor from Victoria than from Port Adelaide, ho would show how dis torted facts must bo to attempt to show that South Australia held even the ghost of a chanco as regarded Riverina wools. Hay, on the Mur rumbidgee, which was about the most central and one of the leading townships in that locality, was from Adolaido about tho samo distance as Wilcannia, on tho River Darling, was. Ho wished them particularly to note the figures ho would now give:— Washed wool from Wilcannia to Mannum, per ton, as per rates agreed to (per steamer), £6 5s.; Maunum Railwav, when constructed as per Mr. Charnock's* rates, £1 Is. = £7 6s. Wool as per statement in Jitgiiter, from Echuca to Melbourne per ton, £2 5s. 6d.; steamer freij-ht from Hay to Echuca, £2 = £4 5s. 6d. This gave £3 0s. 6d. iu favour of tho route by Echuca and Hay. Mr. Charnock gave the figures for this route* evea lower. They were as follows :— Wool from Echuca to Williamstown, £1 19a. 2d. per ton ; steamer freight from Hay to Kohuca, £2 = £3 19s. 2d. This bat Bhoweda clear saving to the shipper of wool from Hay of £3 6s. lOd. per ton, besides a cheaper rate of freight from Victoria. He gave no agency charges in either cajse, as they would bo about the Bame. Did this look like being able to compete with Victoria for Riverine wool? Yet tho promoters of this mad railway schemo would try to make the public believe there 'vaaa chance. To show how determined the pro motera of this Mannum Railway were they might note that they had been round to Adelaide Insurance Offices to get an extra rate of insurance put on to vessels crossing the Lake, though there had not been a single package damaged in vessels going upwards for 15 yeare and nofc a bale of wool lost ( Applause. V Truly a Mannum craft came to grief by getting on a Eandspit, and damaged a lot of wool, and another vessel got ashore, having left her anchor at home. (Laughter and applause.) But for every accident on the Lake they could count 20 up the river, and in many instances with losses of wool, which there was not in the cases he had mentioned. It was merely a matter of drying. No doubt a Melbourne Insurance Company would soon put this matter right He had spoken to captains, and they had told him that there was less danger in crossing the Lake than in taking one of the sharp bends of the river. Lately, strange to say, all men who had sur Teyed Victor Harbour — and many were men of note — and who had stated that with little cost it could be made a splendid harbour, were hald up as ignorant pretenders, and it was said that the harbour was no good. This had ' only come about in a short space of time. It wa3 also said that there were too many ports on the river. Three was the number, and according to his humble experience of trade he had always con sidered that competition was the spirit of trade —(applause)— and he had no hesitation in saying that the Darling squatters had found that to be the case, for he believed that they got their goods from Adelaide for half what they paid ten years ago. The action taken lately in order to force Mannura upon the squatters by increasing the insurance, making difficulties where none existed, and, in order to carry on the Mannum scheme, forming combina tions among the shipowners at rates agreed to, would just drive the Darling squatters and mer chants to Echuca to seek that which they found South Australia did not offer them, viz., fair trading. (Applause.) Thia came of trying to force a certain route at no matter what cost to euit a few interested parties. (Applause.) If they were able to spend a large sum of money for a railway, let them see that it led to the Northern areaa and mineral districts, which were pining _ for want of communication; or at least into our own territory, where we assumed not merely the position of carriers to the colony, but took duties for the general benefit of the colony. Let them think for a moment that when they saw a dozen case of spirits in transit that it had paid 20s. into the common Treasury; a quarter cask £H to £17; a chest of tea £1 Is.; a half tierce of tobacco £40. This was the case when the goods were consumed by our own people. A railway for the Murray trade would just reverse this, for we handed over the duties to New South Wales in a lump sum. Would any sane man who had the interest of our young colony at heart use all his public funds for such a work as a railway for the Murray trade under the circumstances? He had hoped that they hail committed folly enough regarding the Murray for one while by sending home for that obstruction to Murray navigation called the Murray Bridge, which they were erecting near Thomson's at a cost of thousands to the colony, and under which an ordinary sailing-boat of 10 tons would not be able to pass. It commenced in the land of misery, and ended on the other in a country of bog 'and despair. (Laughter.) It behoved them well to watch and carefully to look into this matter. He hoped that the Southern Districts would put themselves into communica tion with the Northern ones; and, if need be, the country would rise to a man before such a wilful sacrifice of public money should be made as spending it in a railway to the Murray. (Cheers.) He hoped they would see that the Legislature was fully conversant with the facts; and it was only by agitation and calling their attention to a matter that they could place them in that condition. He looked upon it as domina tion to attempt to force the scheme in nch a way upon the colony for such purposes. As to the point in dispute between Mr. Allen and Mr. Rankine, he mentioned that when goods were sent up the charges were made upon the squatter whether directly or included ia the price charged for the goods. Under existing circumstances we bound ourselves to pay into the New South Wales Treasury £13,000 a year for three years; but supposing the Darling in its kindness should take up the idea of closing for 18 months, a& it did before, it would place the colony in an awkward position. Ho did not think South Australia was in a better position than she was before. Goods sent up paid duty all the same. (Mr. Rankino — ' It is paid by the Government ; not individually.') He did not pay it himself, but the country paid it. Mr. A. R. AddisO* had much pleasure in endorsing what Mr. Landseer had said. His speech had been more to the point than any he had heard. Mr. Landseer had shown that if a railway was taken to the Murray or anywhere else it 'would not secure the river trade. They wanted to make the colony see distinctly that if such an expenditure was irone into it would be inflicting the many for the benefit of a few. (Hear, hear.) 'What So-and-so paid as a merchant in Adelaide was not the question, but it was what the poor man would have to pay for this ridiculous scheme. He was confident that no railway they could make would secure the trade to South Australia. If wo are wasted to fight Victoria, it must be with differenl weapons to her own. If the Governmeni were in earnest in wishing to obtain the Murraj traffic, he thought a capital suggestion wm made by Captain Johnston, that they should take the risk of the navigation of the Murray mouth. It would not be very great, or if thej thought it was, they might divide the risk with the Insurance Companies. He was much obliged to Mr. Landseer for the clear way in which he had put the question, which was not a matter of this or that port, but they wished to save the colony this abominable expenditure. Mr. La-*dseer pointed out that when Mr. Dunn put up for the district he had suggested that a boat should be subsidized in the way Jlr. A'ldbon mentioned, and ho understood from Mr. Dunn that the chances were that he would bring such a motion forward. But since then they had learnt that it was unconstitu tional to give seed wheat in a time of distress, and he did not think it would bo very constitu tional to 'run a boat through the Murray- mouth to benefit the Riverina squatters or men living on the Darling. The motion was put and declared carried unanimously. Mr. Hector moved — 'That the following circular be printed, signed by the Chairman of this meeting, and forwarded to every member of Parliament and all Chairmen of District Councils in the colony:— ' ' Sir — Your attention is respectfully called to the following resolution, passed at a public meeting held at Strathalbyn on 11th August, on the subject of the Murray trade. (Here follow tho resolution.) If your views accord with those enumerated therein, your earnest opposition is solicited to any scheme which may be brought before Parliament to provide for such a wasteful expenditure of public money, for tho following reasons : — ' ' 1. Because the Darling trade, now in our hands, and not exceeding 1*2,000 bales of wool per annum, is insufficient to pay tho working expenses of any such railway. ' ' 2. Because the Murrumbidgee trade, now entirely in the hands of Melbourne, is done at such a cheap rate that it will bo impossible, without great loss to ourselves, to divert it to Adelaide. ' ' 3. Because the urgent requirements of the newly settled farming areas demand instant attention, and will absorb all the available labour that can be spared from our usual occu pations. ''4. Because the development of our own country, occupied by a population paying its taxes to South Australia, is far moro necessary, and must be more reproductive than to lay out the money in the speculation of becoming the carriers of New South Wales.1 ' Mr. R. Axles and Mr. Raskixe supported the resolution. Mr. W. A. E. West-Ersktne, M.P., came not with the intention of speaking, but for informa tion. He was unable to attend the meeting at Meadows; but he had read most of what was said there, although he had not yet mastered the statistics, which it would be necessary to go through and check. As he said to Mr. Charnock in White's Booms, when he threw down the apple of discord, as was said— he moved seme little amendment for the sake of creating dis cussion, and not carrying it in the way he believed it would otherwise have gone— nothing was more fallacious than statistics. As to the particular number of bales brought down, it did rot matter much whether it wa3 16,000 or 18,000. He agreed with Mr. Rankine a3 to the -weight of wool per sheep being less than 6^ lbs., as especially upon the Darling a great deal was being washed which came down formerly in grease. That would reduco the weight, and as they dumped the up river wool, they would be able to bring down more than before, fie did not think any one had said any thing about any alternative route which might bo improved. The Victor Harbour and the Murray- mouth schemes might well have been mentioned, for if they wanted tho trade they must offer great facilities for it He should like_ to see a commission of experienced engineers appointed to report upon the prac tical and respective merits of a route through the Murray-mouth and by way of a canal from Goolwa to the sea. It must be borne in mind that the Chief Secretary was a strong advocate for the Mannum route, Mannum being in his district, and bad obtained £1,500 _ for the extension of telegraphic communication to ic, at the same time that there was a telegraph office at Blanchetown. Mr. Blyth said steamers were not obliged to call at Blanchetown, but were at Mannum ; but he showed that that was incorrect, as Blanchetown was the last port of departure for and the first of entry from New South Wales. Mr. Blyth had now got a scratch pack together, and if they proved the men he hoped they would they should have his support ; but they must be very careful not to bnng forward any such scheme as this Mannum Railway, as he felt convinced it would not be carried; and one reason was that people in the Northern areas would not see a railway made parallel to macadamized roads when they had no means at all of getting their produce to Port Pine or other ports in the North. The Murray trade being of such very great value to South Australia, he thought the late Ministry ought to be thanked for having secured the concession they did at such a small sumas£13,tt)0. (Hear, hear.) It was imagined by some that this money was paid into the hands of the merchants; but it was no such thing. Tho duties were collected at Port Ade laide ? they might actually amount to £U,000 or to £12,000; but in such an important matter a3 securing the Murray trade, a thousand pounds one way or tho other ought not to be looked at. (Mr. Allen—' Hear, hear.') It was bis firm conviction that in all probability at the end of three years they would be glad to get tho con tract renewed at anything like £13,000— (Mr. Allen — 'We shan't get it') — and he hoped the trade would have so increased that they should be able to pay a great deal more. He thought without further delay an enquiry ought to be made by competent men as to tho practicability of making the Murray-mouth accessible in all weathers. For his own part he was inclined to think the canal scheme would be the bettor of the two, but why not have both? He would support the amount requisite for either provided that the cost was not disproportionately great to the advantages which might be secured, and, if necessary, he would bring forward in the House a motion for a grant of money to have an investigation into the desirability of the two schemes made. He thought a canal to the seaboard, and a break water at the north-east end of Granito Island, which a captain of a ship who had taken him all round the port showed him might be made at a comparatively trifling cost, would be found admirable. Some time ago he urged upon the Government the desirability of employing con vict labour, but they showed him that the number of convicts hero was happily so small that it would cost a great deal more to take them down to construct a breakwater than to employ free labour. With regard to the reso lution, he thought it might be well to send circulars to the different District Councils, though he did not see much good in it, as they would read the report of the meeting in the papers. (Applause.) Mr. J. G. Ramsay, M.P., like his colleague, came there not to speak but to learn, and he must say that he was very pleased indeed both with the resolution and the arguments which wero brought forward in its favour, because they entirely coincided with his own views. They would remember that aboat three years ago there was a considerable commotion about this question, and a Select Committee appointed in Parliament to investigate it. He had taken the trouble to read the evidence which was given, and ho had come to the conclusion that it would be very unwise indeed with tha present population to expend even tho sum of £400,000, which was the lowest estimate — though with the present price of iron it would be nearly double that— in constructing a railway to attempt to get the Murray trade because they should be fighting with very long odds indeed. He gathered hU information from various witnesses, amongst others tho now strong advocate of the railway, Mr. CUarnock. He was astonished when he saw his name so pro minently brought forward as an advocato of the railway, because ho remembered that ho had been against it in his evidence. He was asked, ' Can you give the particulars of the cost of taking wool from tho Murrumbidgeo to Mel botrne?' and ke replied, ''Victor Harbour is the placo where tho trade must come to. I am speaking of wool iu particular. Of course it would answer my individual purpose to have it come to Port Adolaido ; but I cannot speak against my conscience.' Now it seemed that his conscience had got rather elastic— (laughter) — for he went in for Port Adelaide at any price. Then, again, he said Victor Harbour was tho cheapest route, and went on to show the cost of carriage by tho different routes, and he found that the reason tho wool went to Melbourne was because a -rreat number of merchants wera strongly connected with runs in Riverina, and of course tho wool must go through their houses. If from Mr. Charnock's statistics it was unwiso to make a railway in 1S70 it would be a great deal ;wcrse now, because the runs being fenced in reduced the number of hands to a minimum, and consequently the quantity of duty-paying good:- sent up the river would be very small to what it was. Tkon he was asked whether ho thought out of fill the land lines it would be possible to develop one so as to make cartage cheaper, more expeditious, and more desirable than the route by Victor Harbour, and he replied, ' I very much doubt it;' so that Mr. Charnock seemed to have had his doubts removed since then very considerably. When ho stated that wool from the Darling was taken from Port Adelaide to Melbourne — and if there was such attraction in Melbourne as that showed there must be, he did not see how any expenditure, either judicious or extravagant, would prevent tho wool going to Melbourne direct from Echuca. Then, too, Mr. Chirnock said he was afraid that even in tho event of a railway being made to the North- West Bond the wool which went to Melbourne from Victor Harbour might be shipped from Port Adelaide direct ; and, in fact, all his evidence went to prove that they would have no difficulty in securing the trade with their present facilities ; the groatest difficulty was getting the trade to do. According to Mr. Charnock the carriage on a railway trom Port Adelaide to the Murray would be £1 Is. per ton, but according to Mr. Acraman's and Mr. Landseer's evidence if they could get quantities of over 40 tons they said they could take the wool via Milang to Port Adelaide for £1 a ton, and if they could not get something like 40 or 50 tons to carry on one train they should be running at a very material less. The Hon. J. Crozier, in his evidence, said he believed we could compete with Melbourne. If so he did not see the necessity of the colony going to further expenditure in tho matter. Mr. Crozier also pointed out that tho Murram bidgeewoolwenttoMelbournoforfinancialreason3 j —(laughter)— and a railway to Mannum would not remove these reasons, which compelled the wool to go to Melbourne under any circum stances. (Hear, hear.) Another answer should ! not be lost sight of. Mr. Crozier in reply to ; the question—' You are aware that the Victorian Government have given a rebate,' said, ' Yes, they will do anything ;' and supposing wo were prepared to sacrifice the interest of the country, and tax ourselves for the purpose of competing with Victoria for the Murrumbidgee trade and make the railway, what was to hinder her doing the same thing again and carrying tho wool free ? Mr. Hamilton, too, said in rospoct to the Mannum lino— 'The 'country is such as you would never Jay out a railway there within any limit of cost that would be reasonable.' (Hear, hear.) Then Mr. Acraman seemed to have given some^ery decided information to the Committee. His opinion was asked as to whether he thought it necessary to have a double line of rails on the Victor Harbour Railway, and he said he thought the traffic could be carried quick enough to load two or three ships at a time, and he (Mr. Ramsay) thought that was as many as they could expect at one time. He was very pleased to see the statesmanlike views which had been adopted both at this and the Meadows meetiag, because generally the residents in a district instead of condemning a thing on the broad principle went in for a shard ia the plunder going by their doors. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) Taking the most moderate estimate of £100,000 as the cost of the railway, that at 5 per cent, interest would be £20,000 a year. But supposing that the whole of the carriage of wool from the Murray to Port Adelaide, as given in evidence, amounted to £4,000 or £5,000, would it not be better if Parliament determined to get tho river trade for them to vote ±5,000 and pay for the whole of the carriage by road ? (Laughter and cheera.) And evea if the trade was double that, and they epent £10.000 for carriage, that would be a saving of £10,000 a year on the railway, which would be workingata loss every day. (Applause.) There was also another aspect of affairs. Mr. Acraman in his evidence said :— ' Tho Orange District is supplying the Upper Darling ; wheat there was 2s. od. a bushel when it was 4s. and 4s. 6d. at Goolwa.' Wheat would always be cheaper there, and they would supply the local trade. New South Wales was pushing on her railways, and we should have to compete not only with Victoria but with New South Wales. They could supply ^ themselves with cereals grown in the district cheaper than we could do, and it would be absurd to have'a railway for that purpose. Then there was another aspect. Mr. Acraman was asked, 'Then you are satisfied with things as they are, with the exception you mention!' That was alteration of tramway affairs, improving the anchorage, putting a T-head on the jetty, &c.; Mr. Acraman replied 'Yes;' and on being asked, '? Leaving things as they are would not increase the trade?' said— 'I think it would. W. McCulloch & Co., the carriers in Melbourne, are arranging to bring wool down to Victor Harbour.' If Melbourne traders could do business at Victor Harbour it was not called for for us to go to the expense of £400,000 in making a railway. It would be absurd to go into this expenditure while the Northern Areas were pining for roads. He was strongly against the Government making railways unless there was some prospeot of their paying the cost. He would do all he could to facilitate the making of railways by private enterprise— (Hear, hear)— and would give liberal grants of land along the lines. Further than that, in districts where the land was sold he would give a guarantee of 4 per cent, on the outlay, under certain conditions, to Companies who would make railways and work them for a certain time. He would be rather an enthusiast in doing all he could to facilitate a railway across the continent to Port Darwin — (applause) — in connection with the present railway. It would be wise under present circumstances for the Government to borrow money on the strength of land sold to make a lino through the areas to Mount Ro~ markable. He believed it would pay, and tend to make the present railway pay. On short lines it was impossible for railways to compete with wagons, particularly in agricultural districts, where every farmer had his team. If we were going to borrow monoy he would make great trunk lines as far as there was population at present extend them when necessary, and make roads as feeders, But it would be frittering away money and increase taxation with out one redeeming feature — and the national debt would accumulate fast enough — to go in for a scheme like this. He would do all he could to oppose it, and he was glad the meeting had expressed itsolf as it had done. Mr. Rankine spoke of this railway benefiting Adelaide mer chants. He thought they were very shcrt sighted if they thought it would benefit them to any great extent. If they would advocato a scheme for roads and railways throughout our own territory to take duty-consuming goods to be used by our own population it would be of greater benefit to them. But they would come down. They were like a Sock of geese, or sheep rather, he should say — if one went through a hedge they all followed. But there were some noble exceptions, like Mr. Acraman. But joking aside, 'if £400,000 were the sum required, and a railway were made, a third of tho amount would be spent in the colony, and benefit the merchants and people in the colony; but it was shortsighted to borrow money for works not likely to be remunera tive. As to the last resolution, he thought it was wise to call tho attention of District Councils and others to the question, because when a subject did not affect them individually they letgit slip ; but if brought before them in their official capacity they wero likely to give it atten tion. (Applause.) Mr. Ra-'KI-'B remarked that Mr. Wost Erskino had said that the trade of the Murray was of great importance, and that the Govern mefit made a wiso arrangement in paying; £13,000 a year to New South Wales, instead of duties. Ho wanted him to say in what way it weuid be desirable. Perhaps Mr. West-Erskine would say in what way it came back : if it did not it must go into the pockets of tho mercantilo class. Mr. West-Erskhte had taken it for granted that as Mr. Rankine had spoken on the subject he had made himself somewhat acquainted with it. Tho sum of £13,000 was based upon tho duties paid for three or four years to New South Wales. We collected at Port Adelaide ; tho goods did not come up in bond. Mr. Ranking — Instead of tho merchant paying tho duty the Government paid it, and did not get it back. Mr. WEST-EitSKns'E — It was clearly an advan tage to be able to send our goods up with greater facilities and without the rigmarole of entering. Mr. A. F. Lindsay thought it desirable that the public should know how much public money had been spent at Victor Harbour for the pur pose of improving it as a harbour aud making it convenient and safe. Tho only amount that was applied for the safety of tho harbour was the sum spent in providing moorings, and tho expenditure was a trifle. The sum of £5,600 had been spent on a jetty terminating in six feet of water, but more recently £10, COO had been spent in extending the jotty to Granito Island and making wharfs, and although that might bo a convenience to shipping it did not add to the safety of the harbour. Mr. Charnock gave strong evidence in favour of Victor Harbour before tho Solec^Committee ; but ho now said it was only fit for small vessels. It was as tit for vessels of 1,000 as of 100 tons, the difference being that vessels of 1,000 tons must lie further out; but neither would be perfectly safe if there was a south-east breeze. If protected from that one point the harbour would be safe for vessels of from 100 to 1,000 tons, and he believed the ordinary wool ship3 of this colony were not more than 1,000 tons. But how much was necessary? Mr. Mais, the Ecgineerin-Chief, said that a breakwater could be made for £7,000,; but subsequently, on recon sidering his estimates, ho thought it would require £10,000. But, supposing the larger sum were necessary to make the harbour so secure as to take a vessel of 1,000 tons, the amount would be a trifle. If they thought the traffic was so great as to make it necessary to accommodate a large amount of shipping, a breakwater 1,000 yards long could be made for £50,000. That expense would be trifling in comparison with tho enormous amount proposed for a railway. Were a railway constructed, it would be a waste of money; but were it constructed and a few improvements made to Victor Harbour, it would not take the traffic. Mr. Dunn said that he would make it a condition of the construction of the railway that nothing moro was done to Victor Harbour. That seemed clearly to show that such men as Mr. Dunn, who had interests at and were in favour of Part Adelaide, were afraid that Victor Harbour would be a dange rous rival to the railway. (Cheers.) If they made it unlawful for steamers to go ba'ow' Mannum, the railway would have to take tho traffic. He regarded it as perfectly legitimate to draw the trade to Port Adelaide if it could bo done; bat tho colony should not ba taxed for it. If those in favour of Port Adelaide had confi dence in their own theories, let the Government give them every facility to make the railway by means of a Company— (applause)— and let them haveall profits- (applause)— but he objected most stronglytoourbeingtaxedtosupport the railway. A great deal of money had been spent that would not otherwise have been expended bs cause the taxes wero indirect ; but if a tax gatherer called on every sne, and said— 'Tae Murray Railway makes a taxation of so much, hand over your share,'' he thought that would be the last of such works, and people would see that works were really of a reproductive character before they were undertaken. There wa3 a wish to depreciate the value of the Riverine trade. He thought it would be of great value, and he did not think it would be . hopeless to secure it. No doubt Melbourne was a formidable rival, and would draw a great deal of traffic. The idea was broaehed in the news papers that ic was worth fighting for, and we , could expect a considerable share. And it : could be secured at a trifling cost After the three-fathom line was passed there was an in crease of one fathom in depth every hundred yards till they got to six fathoms, in which depth the Great Eastern could float, which could not be said of Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney. With a breakwater 1,000 yards long the Great Eastern could lie secure. A mode rate expenditure would make the harbour to five fathoms inside, which would be enough for all purposes. Ho found that the President of the Marine Board in his last report, sent in in March, recommended that a party of prisoners should be sent to Victor Harbour to commence a breakwater. The late Government when they took office expressed their desire to forward the work; but what had been done was only what was ordered by the previous Ministry, and the late Government had done nothing. Whan the Government received a strong recommendation from the Marine Board to send prisoners down he thought they might have taken stops to do so. The motion was declared to be carried unani mously. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman and the Press. 