■MISCELLANY. Gardening for Lunatics.—When Archbishop Whately was engaged one day in his gardening operations, a companion referred, among other matters, to the great revolution in the medical treatment of lunatics, introduced by Pinel, who, instead of the strait-waiscoat and other maddening goads, awarded to each | patient healthful and agreeable occupation, including agriculture and gardening. " I think gardening would be a dangerous indulgence for lunatics,observed Dr. Whately. " Ilow so ?" said his friend, surprised. " Because the might grow madder," was the rejoinder. Hot Sand Baths.—One of the therapeutic novelties ill London, rccentiy introduced from j the continent, consists in the erection of estab- j lishments for administering hot sand baths, as a remedy for rheumatism, recent cases of ner- i vous disorders, affection of the kidneys, and all cases ivhere heat is walked a3 the chief therapeutic agent. The advantages of this treatment arc that it docs not suppress respiration like the steam bath or Turkish bath. Tiie body can endure it3 influence for a much longer time and a much higher temperature can be applied. It can bo used for infants, and permits of easy application to a part or to the . whole body. A Happy Man'.—Inquisitive lady—"Who, may I ask, arc those three tall ladies singing V Communicative Stranger—" The Misses Bilclerbogics." Inquisitive Lady—" They seem rather remarkable persons !" Communicative Stranger —" Quite so. By all who are so favored as to possess the privilege of their acquaintance, they are with justice admitted to be naturally, physically, ar.d intellectually perfect!" Inquisi- j tivo Lady—" Dear me ! And t'.ie lady at tlio j piano !'' Communicative Stranger—1" She is ; ' also a Miss Bilderbogy. Indeed she to as by far i the mo3t tran3cendently gifted of theni all." j Inquisitive Lady—" Dear me ! Then she is so no ; longer?" Communicative Stranger—" On the I con'rary. Marriage has improved her!" Inquisitive Lady—" Good gracious ! Arid whom did she marry, pray V' Communicative Stranger—"Me." ' , Answered.—" Oh, look -here,-. Mr.Crispin 1 I bought theso boots here only a"week ago, and j they're beginning to crack alreadyJ"—Ah, ; miss ! perhaps .you've,.been .walking in them ! | Our boots are intendeclifor carrijye people, you ! know!" ' . ' r I TriE Troxjsseau of a Princess.-—There was j lately exhibited at tho atelier of Madame ! Cortonesi, in the Corso at Rome, a considerable portion of the wedding wardrobe of the youthful I Donna Anna Maria Torlonia, which is estimated ! to cost £10,000. There are forty splendid dresses : made for morning and evening weir. Therj is i a royal-looking ruby velvet trimmed with white j Brussels lace; a blue velvet visiting dre33 trimmed with chinchilla fur; a black velvet trimmed with costly aable ; a green velvet with anew pa senientcrie to match, and another black velvet with lace. All these velvet dresses are lined with tho richest silk of tho same color, : such silk as dresses are made of. Amongst the evening dresses one of the prettiest is a pale blue silk; trimmed with Brass2b and Venice lace, 18 inches deep, and a border of blue featlier3. j Another exquisite costume is of mauve satin, ! also1 trimmed with feathers, tulle and lace. Then there is an exceedingly beautiful black lace dress, to. be wore over white satin, a ponceau satin trimmed with black lace flounces, and a faille dress of the now s union shade, trimmed also with black lace and flowers to match. The ! visiting dresses are of violet silk with velvet and violet bloncd trimming; there is a dark blue faille with Cliantilly lace. Tho morning dresses j are exquisite, and three of them are miracles of j comfort and beauty. One of them is of white j cashmere, lined and trimmed with cherry-colored' silk and ptsmnenkrie. Another, Irish poplin, pearl grey, lined and trimmed with pink silk. A third, of Cochemir". des Jn cs, of tne shade called Cafi->at e in Rome, lined with blue silk and trimmed mill velvet to match. A "Goak-."—Tho Herald says "Wo heard an amusing story at the Supreme Court. At the same time our honest belief is that it is a cunningly devised fable, to a point moral. While a learned judge wa3 lately at Sandhurst on circuit business, he was disturbed, while busy ' in his chambers, by a spitter spattering noise on : the pavement without. He called the messenger | in, and savagely ordered him to stop that row. ! It was ceased at the mere sound of the judge's 1 voice. His Honor demanded from the mcs.eager what had been up 1 Reply : Your Honor's Associate's been sp niting a top ! Diptheria.—Diptheria appears to.be committing ravages in South Australia similar to those j winch are so common in Victoria. The " South i Australian Jiei/ister" of the 5th inst. says A : tairiblo calamity has befallen a family on 1 the Cootong. The five children of Mr. Todd ' were attacked with diptheria, and four' have j died as tho result. The oldest, a boy of thirteen, j was removed to another locality after the first death happened' and ho has since recovered. Y/o hear that other losses from this maligant disease have occurred in the neighbourhood, and we observe from the Wallaroo papers that it has been prevalent in the Moonta mines latolv, but few, if any fatal cases liavo occurred.* The Iuisiiiian Again.—In a jolly company each one was to ask a question ; if it was i answered, he paid a forfeit; or, if he could not ; answer it himself, he paid a forfeit. Pat's j question was, " How does the little ground-squir- 1 rel dig his hole without showing any dirt about | the entrance i" When they all gave up, Pat ! said, " Sure, do you seo, lie begins at tho other j of the hole." One of the rest exclaimed, j *• But how does ho get there ?" " Ah," said Pat, j that's the question—can you answer it yourself Victorian Railways.—Return of traffic for the week ending 27th February, 1873 Passengers, 24,063; passengers, parcels, carriages, horses, dogs and mails, £4,684 7s -id; merchanoise, minerals and cattle, £8,200 03 lOd. Total fdr tho week) £12,884 83 2d ; corresponding week in 1872, £12,321 lis 9 J. The Old African Lion.—It will be remembered by the habitual visitors to tho Zoological Society's Gardens in Regent's Park, that among tho " great carnivora" which they used to see fed 'with huge piece3 of horseflesh at four o'clock in the afternoon was a grand South African lion named Nelson, with a copious black mane, one of the gentlest and best-tomperod of his formidable race. This fine animal had belonged to tlie society's collection sinco March 1862, when ho was purchased of Mr. Jamrach, the well known wild-boast dealer at the east end of London, ' having previously formed part of tho stock in trade hf a foreign travelling menagerie, which was dispersed in September 1861. He was considered to be at least ten or twelve years old at that time; but some opinions gave him fifteen, so that his age when he died would be nearly twenty-five. Nelson became feeble towards the natural close of his life, and died of mere sensility on May 19, last year. His majestic hide wa3 eventually purchased by a Lincolnshire country gentleman, Mr. Liveaey, of Stourton Hall, near Horncastle, who has caused it to be preservedv An old Scotchman, when rallied by his friends for marrying a young wife who would be sure to outlive him, said, " Well, then, she'll bo near ine to close my cen." " I don't know about that," retorted tho neighbour. "I've married twa wives and they opened my cen." " Stop drinking and saw and split your own wood," was the "remedy" which a dyspeptic received " by return of mail" from an advertising quack j to whom lie had sent a dollar in advance. He got the beat of the quack, ho-wever> by following liis advico and getting well. Valuable recirease, by Josh Billings.— "How to Pik out a Wife."—Find a girl that is 19 years old last May, about the right height, with a blue eye, and dark brown hair and white teeth. Let the girl be good to look at, not to phond of musiek, a firm disbeliever in ghosts, and one of six childen in the same family. Look well to the karakter of her father ; see that he is not the member ov 0:1113' klub, don't bet 011 , elekshuiu, and gets shaved 3 times a week. Find out all about her mother; see if she has a got a heap ov good konunon sense, studdy well her likes and dislikes, eat some ov her hum-made bread and apple dumplins, notiss whether she abuzes all of her nadors, ask her servants how long they have lived thafe, and dont fail to observe whether her dresses are last year's ones fixt over. If von are satisfied t-luit the mother would make the right kind ov mother-in-law, yu kan safely konchule that the dauter would make the right kind of wife. After thoze preliminarys are ali settled, and yu have done a reazonable amount ov sparking, ask the yung lady for her lieart and hand, and if she refuses, you kan konsider yourself enohered. If, on the contrary, she should say yes, get married at once, without any fus3 and feathers, and proceed to take tlio chances. I say take the chances, for tharo ain't 110 recipee for a perfcckt wife, c-nny more tharo | iz for a perfekt husband. Tliare iz just az menny good wifes az tliare iz good husbands, and I never knew tew people married or single, who were determined tew make thcmse'.fs agreeable to each other, but what tliey suckceeded. Name yuro oldest boy sum good stout name, not after sum here, but should the first boy bo a girl, I ask it az a favour to 1110 that yu kaul her Rebekker. I do want sum ov them good, old- fashioned, tuff girl names revived and extended. New Route from Russia to China.—At a late meeting of the Russian Society for tlio En- j couragement of Commerce and Industrp, a re- 1 port was read by M. Boutine upon the opening | up of a new route from Russia, through Tartury, to China. Two expeditions wore sent out, the second being at the worst per od of tli3 year, having to travel through a de; iert covered with snow. Twenty- five men and 150 camels wore sent, and 1,500 pounds of Chinese uorchandise was brought back. It is exp c od that the proof thus given of tlio possibility of traversing the Mongolian steopes will give a new spur to the trade with China, although some fro3h ar- I rangernents will, it seems, have to bo entered into with the Chinese : u 1 o ities, who at present insist on caravans passing by way of! Oivr?a and Kiakhta. The compositors employed 011 tlio Few York T: i unc have invited the co- operation of their fellow craftsmen throughout the United States for the purpose of erecting a statue to Mr. Horace Greeley out of old typo. 