The OamberweU Ghost. At tbe 'Surrey Sessions on the 11th December, Maria Horgan, nineteen, described as a servant, was indicted for stealing n watch mid chain, the property of William Wells, at OamberweU. -It appeared from the evidence of James Ham, » detective sergeant of the P Division, that for some weeks a great deal of excitement had been caused in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's houser No. 135, Camberwell-roaa, by a report that«' Ghost' was committinj: Mllaorts of damage. Flower-pots were thrown abont; Irees damaged, and persons struck with various missiles, without, the origin of the mischief being discovered: Detectives Pattock and Neville were engaged to detect the perpetrator of these dangerous iraans, ana on ittonaay, tbe 18tn ultimo, tney went to the prosecutor's honse, when they ascertained that the mother pf, the latter had just been struck by a broken flower-pot, and cut on the- (arm. A vine, was Also cut down, and a water-hut overturned. They' saw the prisoner in a very excited state, and she showed'' them a braise on the forehead, which she said .hafl been inflicted by a mitt she found in the wasnabuse, The officer searcbed the phioe, bnt failed 'to find any trace of a man. Daring the time they were roarchiBg.fhe place flower-pots were thrown about, in a most mysterious manner, and then the prisoner screamed trat, and begged to be allowed to leave the house, is she was afraid to stop. Just at that 'time' a watch and chain Wore missed from the breakfast room, and the detec tives having a suspicion about the prisoner's conduct, followed her upstairs. She ran 'into a bedroom, fol lowed by the officers, who found the watch and chain concealed in the bed. They took her into custody: Martha Platt, -.a. rirl in prosecutor's employ, said' that on the' Sunday evening1 previous the prisoner came to her and said, 'I must do something to make missas believe somebody has got into the house.')' The prisoner then opened the kitchen window, as though it had been forced, and told witness to scream ont and call for the young master. Witness went upstairs and called him, and a little while after wards the prisoner -told her not to say anything about what was done, and to throw some flowerpots ont so as to alarm the house. She, however, declined to -do so. On Monday the1prisoner said, 'I must do something else to- make' missus think a man is in the place,' and then, taking np the head of a broomstick, struck herself several heavy blows on the forehead, causing bruises. She afterwards struck herself with a flower-pot and cnt her forehead. Shortly afterwards she rushed in from the wash-house screaming, and said u man concealed there had struck her. The prosecutor said the prisoner had only been in his service six weeks, and -for the last fortnight great damage had been done by flower-pot and other missiles being thrown about. The whole neighbourhood had been thrown into alarm by freaks of the ' Ghost.' The jury found the prisOBer guilty, and the deputy chairman sentenced her to twelve months' hard labour. 