PRESENTATION CONVENT, HOBART ' '?' - : ;. 'TOWN. ??'? '???' ? ? ?' '..., '.. (From our, Special Reporter.) I'- i: : niJCEIVINGTlIE'WIIITB VUIL', ' ?The ceremony 'was announced for 11 o'clock, and shortly after that hour, the pro-- cession, headed by the cross-benrcr, left the sacristy, followed by twelve boys wearing soutanes and cottas, after whom followed the clergy walking two and two, and also wear ing soutanes: and cottas; then came the thurifcr heater ami nnnlvtPR. immndintnlv after whom was the master of ceremonies, followed by the deacon and sub- deacon, and lastly.His Lordship the Bishop of Hobart Town, who was attired in full pontificals imd wearing the handsome mitre, the gift of the late Earl of Shrewsbury to the late Bishop Willson. While the procession was wending its. way tp the altar the choir of tho cathedral sang the hymn O Gloriosa Virginum. At the termination of the procession, thc; nuns,1 headed ??? by one of the young lady . boarders of the convent carrying a icross,, and followed, by two younger Indies called 'angels,'' the novices, the professed nuns, Mother Assistivnt,andMotherSupotior, the noviciate walking between the latter two ladies, a lighted taper being carried by each of the three, passed along the aisles. The novice-elect was attired in a rich white, tarleton dress, a .white tulle veil, and a wreath of 'jessamine' and orange blossoms ; she also wore a bouquet of orange blossoms in her breast, and carried one in hor hand. Altogether her appearances was very pre-. possessing, both in her bridal array and sub-, sequently when she appeared in the .modest attire of a novice. /; ? ; ' ' After tlie procession had arrived ' at the; sanctuary the: service commence!, the Bishop hcing celebrant; deacon and sub deacon, Rovs. C. P. Woods and P. R.'.llen nebry respectively. The young ladies in attendance called ' angels,' were the Misses Jane and Teresa, Boy 1 son (sisters of the novice-elect),, Miss Bridget Flanagan, and Miss Margaret- Trelogan ;' Rev. D. S. X. Beechinoir,1 master pf ceremonies. Prayers having . been said, and the Bishop and deacons having taken their seats in the aisle in front of the iriain altar, the remaining priests taking seats in the sanctuary, the Roy. M. J. . Beechinoir received the Bishop's blessing, proceeded to the pul pit, antl delivered a somewhat extempore. sermon, taking his text from xix chapter of St. Matthew, verso xxix : — 'And every one that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children,' or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred- fold and shall possess life over ln.qf.intr _' Tin rpfnrrml tn t.hn r.hnifift nf tlin young novice in embracing evangelical pdr verly, and in abandoning everything worldly in order to follow Christ. He trusted she would persevere in her constancy and endeavor to adorn her soul with the many priceless sifts of God. The life which she was about to enter on would enable her to hold conversations with her God on most important subjects, and a far greater friend ship would be cemented between Him and herself. Father Ueechinor concluded his excellent discourse by imparting the bless ing of his heart to the young aspirant. The Bishop and deacons then proceeded to the'grate,'iriside'which thenuns were assem bled, and after some preliminary prayers, the following questions were put to tlie young lady, and her answers given : — His. Lordship— My child, what do you dc rhand ? ( ' ' . . ... , ' Novice elect— Mercy of Goil, the holy habit of religion, the cha-ity of the order, and the society of the mot hers and sisters. ' His Lordship— Is it with your own free will arid consent you demand the holy habit of religion? : Novice-elect — Yes, my lord. ' His Lordship— Rev. Mother, have you en quired' into the other , points necessary to be known' for those who, enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied ??? 'Lady Superior— Yes, my lord. His Lordship — My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and' dp you think you have suf ficient strength to hear const'antly'the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus' Christ for the love arid fear of God alone ? . , Nqvice-'elect— Relying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hopo to be able to do so. '. His Lordship— What God has commenced in you may He perfect. The Choir then replied ' Amen.' The Novice-elect then retired from the cathedral and went, into the convent, and the ceremony of blessing the habit or new dress in which she was to attire herself, was per forniea by the Bishop. Some prayers wcae then said, arid the novice presented herself, attired in tlie habit of ' giiimp' and veil, minus the cincture, but holding in her hand a lighted wax candle. On her entering the cathedral- the 'chanters commenced the anti phon, ': Qua est ista.'. The Bishop then blessedithe novice and the remainder of the religious dress, with which , she was clothed. The Lady Superior then raised the novice, who had 'been in a kneeling position for some time, and the Mother Assistant presented the cincture with the rest of the dress to the Superior, who put it oil the novice while the Bishop 'repeated the following prayer in Latin :— ' When' thou wast young- thou didst' gird' thyself, and didst' walk where tliou 'wbuldst, but. when thou shalt be ol'd another' shalt gird thee. In the name of the'Father; and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen.' After receiving the cincture the novice knelt and tlie Lady Superior gave her the veil whichhad 'been blcsscd,'tlie other one' being withdrawn, the Bishop saying in Latin at the ? same time: — 'Receive the white veil, the emblem of in ward purity, that thou mayst follow the Lamb without stain; and mayst walk with Him in white: In the name of the Father, and: of. the Son; .and of .the Holy Ghost. Amen.' . ? . .--. : . ..... ,,„?-? . Tho Lady Superior then put on the cloak of the novice, the Bishop, meanwhile saying in Latin :— ' May. the Lord restore to thee therobe of immortality which thou didst lose in the prevarication of thy. first parents. .In the name of the Father, and, of ? the Son, and of- the . Holy Ghost. , Amen.' The novice then;took .the.wax candle in her hand, and was sprinkled with holy water. by the Bishop, who at the same .time. gave her the religious name, she selected,,, ,viz , Mary Francis of. Sales. , ,The refrain if egnum, mundi was. then, sung, -by one of the nuns, who1,; possesses ay voice of excellent sweetness and effect, and it was , replied to by the choir.; The novice repeated alter nately with the choir : ' My heart hath uttered a good word, I speak my works to 'the King' ; the choir replied : 'Whom! have seen, .whom .1 have loved, in whom I '.have, believed, and toiyards whom my hear iiiclirieth.' ' After this the Veni Creator was intoned by the Bishop, and after sothe prayers had been said, the novice was sprimclcd with holy wator. The hymn being finished, the clergy and religienses rose and turned to the altar, the' novice still remaining prostrate, and the Bishop said the following prayer : — ' O God .jsho wiliest not the death or a sinner, but always seekest the amendment of his life by repentance, we humbly beseech Thee that Thou mayst vouchsafe to pour the plenteous grace of Thy mercy on ,Thy servant, re nouncing wordly concern* ; so that being admitted into Thv emn. she mav be able to finish the course of this present life so good a soldier in Thy service, that she may receive at Thy hands the prize of everlasting recompense. And as by Thy inspiration shedesireth to be associated and live in community with this sisterhood, so with Thy elect she may obtain the pro mised remuneration from Thee who rc wardest all the virtuous, through Christ our Lord. ' Amen.' At the . conclusion of this- prayer^ the novice rose and embraced her religious sisters. She then retired between the Rev. Mother and the Mother Assistant, while the choir sang the hymn Dcus miscrcaUir. The Pontificial Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament was celebrated by the Bishop, assisted by the Revs. C. P. Woods, and P. R. Hennebry, at the termination of the ?ceremony. . 