DIOCESE OF BATHURST. (From our Correspondent.) Ok Sunday Uonnrmation tooK place at tne cathedral, when 165 of both sexes were admitted to the Sacrameut. The females, who had been for some time past under special instructions at the Convent of Mercy, occupied the portion of. the cathedral in front of the principal altar, and presented a pleasing sight, being all habited in white and having lone flowing muslin head-dresses. The boys were provided with sittings in St. Joseph's aisle ; and in their case too special instructions had been given previous too the ceremony by their teaohers and by the indefatigable pastor of the parish, the Rev. John M'Auliffe. Mass Coram Episcopo was celebrated at eleven o'clock by the Rev. President of St. Stanislaus' College, Father Horan. His lordship was attended throughout the ceremonies by Father i M'Auliffe. The cathedral was crowded, as it ; usually is on such pccasions of interest, every parent and friend of the young persons about to be confirmed making it their duty to be in attendance. The choir was in full power, and the sacred music all that could be wished. At the conclusion of the Mass his lordship robed at his throne, and in episcopal full regalia, approached the high altar. He then, before proceeding to adininster the Sacrament, ex-' plainedits nature, obligations, and grace-resulting effects to those who receive it properly dis posed. He wished to impress upon those about to be confirmed the necessity of keeping the work of this day indelibly impressed on their memories, for they were about to be enrolled as soldiers of Jesus Christ, nd to receive in their heavenly plenitude the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, and thus be strengthened and perfected as Christians. It is the second sacrament usually administered in the Church — Baptism, which makes its repicients' the children of God and heirs to heaven, being the first. Like Baptism, it cannot be received more than once, as it leaves an indelible mark upon the soul, and will be continuous in its effi cacy throughout life in imparting a fortifying grace against all visible and invisible enemies of Christian faith to the soul that receives the sacred mark free from the stain of mortal sin. It is one of the channels ordained by Jesus Christ Himself in Hisbeneficentjschemejfor human redemption, by which certain gilts and graces How upon the soul for the confusion of its spiritual enemies, and supplying it, when the occasion of temptation arises and demands it, BT^SSS - — ' ? —?'?—' with courage and resolution to brave every dan ger, even death itself, in defence of the faith of Christ. Hence too much preparation could not fee made for the reception of this great sacra ment. His lordship had the best reasons for hoping that all were properly prepared that pre sented themselves there that day to be c n iirnied, as he knew the care that was exercised by those holy instructors they had over them. Let them now fervently beseech God that His Holy Spirit may descend and abide in their inno cent souls for ever, filling them with wisdom to avoid sin, understanding to know God's Com mandments and keep them faithfully, counsel to please God and -gain heaven, fortitude to bear up against ills and all opposing obstacles to salvation, knowledge in the ways of God, piety to fear Him, and the spirit of fear of ever mortally offending Him. Having fully explained the nature of the sacrament, the object of its original institution, its effects and obligations, his lordship then proceeded to its administration, iirst invoking God to vouchsafe to pour down the sevenfold graces, and the twelve fruits of His Holy Spirit upon those he was about to confirm. The immense congregation was visibly impressed during the ceremony. At its conclusion the Bishop again addressed the people, this time pointing out to them the duties and obligations devolving on parents of giving their children proper educational instructions. Every parental duty was pointed out, and the evil consequences, in a temporal as well as in a spiritual point of view, clearly shown of negligence in parental watchfulness. At the conclusion his lordship asked the newly confirmed to repeat after him the Lords prayer, Hail Mary, and Creed, which being done, and an indulgence of forty days pro claimed, the imposing ceremony was concluded by the episcopal benediction. ? .*» ? 