THE MUNDOORAN MURDER. A CORiREsPONDEN to the Empire, writing from Gulgong, on the 30th December, says:- 'On the 13th November the skeleton of a woman supposed to have been murdered near Mundooran was brought into. Gulgong. On the following day the dis trict coroner T. A. Browne,;Esq., held an inquiry, when the following depositions -weretaken. They were not.piablishid on uibhicgrounds : Miles:Burns deposed; I am sergeant of police, stationed at Mundooran. On Thursday, 7th December I went to a mountain close to a place called Bidden, in company with a young man named Richardson. We then went to a cave in the side of a mountain, and in the cave I saw a human skull. I went round to the other side of the cave where I saw' li& maii bones, On Suinday, 10th December, I went there again in company with several men, and I, pyt the bones in, a, box. When I got there, there was C. W. King with the bones. There was a quantity of stones placed upon the clot thing and bones. *The cave where the .bones weret foundwas about sixteen feet long"."The body ;I believe, .had been placed across tliev :.e' I arrive at that: conclusion because 1 observed the 'hand-s were' oaonoside 6f the ca're and the fedt on the ether Thi cave is, open': at one end. ,;,There is a crevice at one end; where I believe the body to ha ve been put in. Thif has been filled up with loose stones.. We had to omemove these beforie the body could be got out The cave isveriy low, in'the'iiddlil and narrow at theend where the bones wvere ,I brought the bones to `the police campGulgonig. By13the foreman.: Young' Richardsoim told me that he and another boy were otit" hunting foi `wallabies vwhen they saw; the :skull'in the cave:; Asheep stationi lias been iately put up within half-a- mile of the caves. .Before that there was no place within6h'reo or -our miles ;of th1 place. Litton Ior.bs deposed I aim a legally. qualified medical practitioner, residing at Gulgong. On 14th'iiistant at request of thepoliceI made an examination of cer tain bones and clothino in ia box. The boties were thode'of 'a eia'Ieo of: full age, andminost of 'them disjointed. 'There was clothing attached1.' I discovered portions of ciemis& istays, 'petticoat, and'colou\ l print dress round the legs. .A stockitig almost complete was upon one' leg with an elastic garter fastened..' The boots were, elastic sides and much worn. There was a large hole over: the left eyebrow. The obital plate of the friontage bono and a portion of the frontal bone itself drivenl in. .I he inside'bones wcire exposed .to view. The edges of this bone were splin tered. Froni the ogeneral 'appearanco, of the f acture I am of opinionf tbiatit took' place - shot tly;,befoiro death. On the .parietal bone of the left sido and its in ferior part there wais a fiacture similar in chianactor, but soinewvhat smaller. Either of these. wounds- would have caused death. The right hand wis cleuched and the last joint of the middle ;finge i sing. Friom the appearance, this was re' nsoved immediatoly aftert'death, or-at the moment of -death. Proceedin.' to the pelvis I noticed .thiat the bones were those of a-femaile The eortein l surface of, the. 'right ibiuri was~ smeared "with . what seemed to be blood, as ;also -thee sacrum oti the right'pubie bone. On the right, leg benea-th the stockin-ad abiove it the skin was intolemable pieseivation,.1.but the.flesh, underneath had completely di -. appeared. It is evident thaitthe remaini' had been exposed to "air -'_ consideriable time, but protected fro im the wealiter. ,I should suppose thelbody vwas dead more than a year.',The skull and the bones are those of a white woman. The case was then2adjouined to lDo 'cember 23,on which date Mary Ann Bll lard deposeds I am a married womoin and live with by husl~anid, a pound, keepei, at ;llupd~oiida.'ri I havd~seen clothiino' in pos-! session of th opih. bI1he a'iticle pro tluced are the sane. One, a li1it print dress, and a perrion of a' petticoat. I sawv these upoin as woman who lived op.4 positie~my pliice neatly itwac'yeuams 'go.n Hlet natie wits Charlotte 'Btke; "and she married a man nfamed :She had been' livinee about three mnibihts as servant ith'vo my sister, Mrs John Btirnes, an inn. keepem, befoie the marriage. I thought~ her abouti twenty three years 'olda Shp: hald red hair.: She was of: middle height. anid stout. I noticed nothing about her' teeth. She had all her fiont oines. She l.hdd a crookod finger--littlel flinr.,ler Mit don't know upon whathand She could not, straighten it. She had a vergymai~ll huiiidl.thin,~ roind iiail' . She was.:a bard se'mastress. TIhe. sowfng produced I 'would take to be:hem's.' (Ihis wvas apor 'tion of 'deceased's .dress) Sh1e. had a 'thiik footi, high inistep, anid would wear a boot about C or 7. The one produced (found with thw bones) ~would be about her aize. (I have never- heard of her oi ~her husband sinice~ they left.. A ve.rdi'ct of murder~againast seine per son or persons unknown was returned. THE GOULBIIRN VOLUZNTiEiR BAND - For some c-"nsiderabile'timne past there has been much disc~ontenit amen gst the members of the volunteer band, ..ntid. within -the las 4~'days. the.caplifin stated that tj9$r6were 'desirous of rcyiring would be allowed toi do so with Aifhius enforcing the amount of the bonds they had entered into. On Monday even ing accordingly'a' ntumber of 'th 'bands-. men surrendeted their ijistruments. .aud, -resigned--amongst themi several of Ithe principal players.-Goulbumn Hc~rctld."o The. Adelaide Governmerit have an Ioflicitil report from Yam Creek, stating n boioif that the quiirtz wi1' yield at the rate of 100 ounces per ton. 1IOLTERMrAN'S INTERCOLONIAL Expo SITION.-One of the lucky claimn-holders of Haivkins Hill has resolved to devoteft portion of his resources of Australia into prominent notice. The fact that aprivatd individual believes that a collection such a ;as he :proposes to make will not only' trove interesting, but also recompeinse the large expenditure necessary for. the [purpose; contrists strangely : withathe recent,decision of the Legislative Assem- I bly.- Therem iin Mrilolterniann's scheme 'miichito cotihmeind it to al classesoef the comuiinity, and he will no doubt receive i 1lP go amnount of 'assistance in carryying0 it out. The exhibits 'rmi to be of five classes. 1st. Photdgraphic eviews of every town in Now South Wales. 2imd .Speciens"'f its in ialt wealth. 3rd. Exlhibitts of its natural products, iocluding w'ax ino els of the flora of the colony. 4th Worikulg uindellE of the best mi cliinery used on the gold-lietds. 5th A. collection Of specimens of otr. fauna. The vhole: s expected to be coniplete about Septeinber next, and will be exhibited in Sydney prior to shipmnerit to Epglaind1 from whence iti Will be subsequently ire moved to the Contineut of Europe S M. Hlerald. ,THE INTEROOLONIAL CONFERENCE. We understand that the day proposedfor: the Intercolonial Confeience is Mondaiy; tlie] th insta nti"t''ThAe'plieseitatives of Victoria (Mr 4'ancis thePremiier;:tendIMr Litig tonthe Treasurer) have intimated that they will be in Sydney on or about the 13th; the delegates fromn Neu Zea land (Mi Jalius Vogel, Premier, and Mr Reynolds, Commissioner of Custonsh) haviv arrived in - elbaiorne ;en route for this'city; aid the delegcates from W es teinAustralia are understood to be on their way hEi'e. ThonreprtsentatiVes 'of South Au.tiafliii vill hbe: Sir =Henry Ayers, Chief Secretary, and Mr Barrow; Treasurer and it is iexpected ltat the) will leave Adel tide oii the 6th'or 7th :it is thought likely 'that Tastnania .will be represented by Mt. i inne stlhe Piemiier, and Mi Scott ;Treasurer. The names of the Queensland representatives have 'not yet trarspired. The questions ahlready mentioned between thle respective Gem ern mntes for. consideration', are the Oceae Mail services; fiteecominerici i inteiicourse betweer'th'e coloniesin conne tion with E arl Kimbeilcy's despitch on the subject' telegraphic co mmunication, mote espem ally iniirelation to subiiin ine cables; the Boidei' iclations of Cooiterminous' colo nies; the policy of 'prohibiting the iin portitiont of live stuck fi on, the:o, *Jiited, Kingdom and foieign porltsini consequence of the prevne¶6oe of rindeilpcst'ai 'd otlti malignant diseases ;among cattle ,in the Northeirn hemiisphere. It is also tinder-' stood that other subjects of kini ed nia ture will probably be intreduced. '. 'D TITE CITY BANKn D rFAETfi>R :- e teatn that when W arten;,the City Bank defaul ter, was airr'ested at Dunedin the suni; of L821 in cash iwas found in hi possession., He will probably retara iin company witi detectivre Lyons who was 'despatched frotm Sydney to arrest hifin M0 ;l boirno teolegraiiatitaes that ie has been ireininded for a 'timoutth tiltDunedin S D. Heraeld: , Brisbane. - WediiendsdtiyDotetifito Slattery uspjii'elie iided .Gir dnei,, bof: the: firm of Gairdnor and Syinonds ;wixnomer cihaits; Melboui noe this m r'ntn , w"hilst on a coach stiii tang fot Ipswich.; i.e Thad; over L20OO inliis possession. :e was arrested on a charge .of tiiduilefit' insul vency, and has been iemnanrded foi 0one to await the arrital of a;vwirriant froet Mel 'ourne. , Brisbane.- Tuesday= William Miller, a young-niang tweiity one years of age, who 1it ffo llour months beenti ofFioiat rug as a niiiisttrs'ti'eligioti at Rockhamnpton has confessed to a chai-ge of; obtaining money, under false p ifetences.:,' .114 wiws, arrested on severalcllaiges of swvindling. He is well educutted, of engaging address Sand is 'a fluentl preache t'her ' rThe e' efs ciaused gieat;..sensation.:- The' bympie escort laves to- imsorow with 14,080 odd ounces. " Melbourne Iu--Tuesd TheChiefuAt icestated hlt. .thie lull terth aof imprilso rn'erttweie'to tie awarded to oMouint and Morriin ithe UCrl case they mustn be transiported tol Westeinz Austiaha orre mannded tol "England .-1Yew Adelaide wv.'w!it Os 0jd to bs 3d Vefry good sai ples offl~imgr so li..qge(.1preels At LI3.4 Tlhe Nevada with thecUilifornhinu mails, hasaiurived. £Iho steamer narrowly es caped fouindering. on thie.,.voyage 'from, H~onoldulu lhe .passengec'i 'jiped' for. their lies. "They denouince toslnp'iis unseawoithy.-The afteait Mik'Mssourti ias beenivi crakedf off falihama Island. ." 1ifty lives ~vere lost-Ls.. burricaniO occutrredtin the Huniter district yestorday~ Hounes were uniroofed, enormous as~il s mashed. witndo~vs, and' trees were uprooted Gteat dama)ge has b~eendone to he finit criop, The Govetanienit hatve ccdiepited ten' ders for. eighteen locomotives from tihe firmse of Mort'anud;o. and Vale anidjLaa A coirespondeitt of thel' awatiatMer cury iwrites :-On Inat Friday a elaid in the employj of G~errard Johrilio,'of Kan galoon, was goredlhy' a bull';a Tihe 'wound proved fatuil, and the lad expired on Sun day: evening. I; bleievd~tld"hIa wuis i'e cetitly obtained from tlie itnmining' ship Vernon., Tuen So'u'mn SEkis.-- ]ar' Mgjast~y's schooiner :Ethdl which left, thisport Jthireo nmonths,,ago on a ctntse to th'e StdiethSce lesnaids, returned yesterdtiy irith four aeneni ~of the brig. Mei'y:.Grsnt,. who bre under -surest on 'a .chatge of .kidnapping. The pupers in conneetion with the ceme are now in the hands oh' his Excelleiicy the Guteinor, atnd the inc wvill jirobabily njpcar before thu Wntvi Police Iiecti iii a few dsyti.-8.M.II. AN ADVENTUrRE of Tri. Roan.--On Sunday morning at about one o'clock when Malone's mail coach was on its way from GuGoulburn to Braidwood, and when about six .nilei from the ,former place, a stray borsetook it into its head to fra ternize with tho leader, and kept up, run iirign alongside,; 't at each flash of light ning which y was,; extre mely;; vivid, the brute. used eto. falk baek amongst the wheelers.... YounnlBi Beumrniy the coacni nian, had no' passengers with, hin, but not believing n ghosts---althoughh the stray.horse was a wite "one and .,rather spectre-looki and moreover not be= ing very easýjy put offhi: equilibrum, he dropped the thong of his whip pretty -heavily uion tli'h st'ranger, who would resume le s place alongside the leading borse unt' gain. startlesh by the ligi nine hen ,i *ould oncemore fall back, o~ily ti be soundly dressed down again with the whip rhis wvent on fort about seven. miles until the fences were passed, &miA; the open counti reachedwhen Brum my ttirrlied off ; into th6' bush and' by` so doing. dodged the-grey spectre which had been hirassing him for so many miles, and which might have terrified a'persorn of a mgre knvous teperame. i nt . iid woo0 DDsatd ;. $IN~T LAR AcCIDENT -A short time ago Ii little boy a son of the .sew omas Wil2 son of Randwick, found in the cemetery there a thin'rounded piece of iron, which hadbthe appearanice of a pencil ease which. had been'corioded.' le took it home w ith" him; and put it in a drawer'; arid on last Tuesday, afteinoon' took' ib to his fatli'er to .soe what it was; hisff ther thought it to be a liroken pencil., case and pricked it with a pin No soonei had; h'e done lo than it e'xpl oded 'and blew ,the top off the fouirth fi'nger of thie' rigi hthad severely lacerated his th'u mb, graded his cheek bone, and gliding upwards, cut his forelieadis On the following day, the fourth finerof othe right hand was a nputitted at the1hist joint by Dr Renwi k:k Tlii'e is eveiy reason tb believe that the piece of ironifound in thli ,cemieteiy at" Ra'idwick b iMaster Wilon, was a por tion of a percussion fuse, dropped' oiithe occasion of the recont interment,.; with Iiilikrjylh6hioui 'of the latd Major Fit stiins.uos S. A IHerald. :' .;.;; TiRH CYOik)NEATr MAITLAND.- T'he Maitrna'iZil fekkid ju of Satuida'y says 'The townsvof :West akn`d" ITist '"4aitland and' Morpetli; as we ieported,"canie in foi A' heavy close if' -injiffy' tliut itVo; learn, since that the storm was much mole deS tructive at scattored' points in hie neigh= bourhood tt t ir Eales'i; 'Diiekzn'field Pairk' iand in that 'icinity it, was fearful ly desbrtIctive Not far froi'Mi*iErilihe large tiees, some of theig VinI rees of ies, up to 2 feedtditmeter, wero either" ti-itoibodily out. the groii'nd, `Or Snappeq . shir'ofF, ]o; 1 a,` oi twe'tyfeet froti',the ground.R' Such tries ais'willows and pop lars ivero in. mainy'cases party blowvn .down' Wiipliattty stripped by the hail of every hleif, a'idiof ueaýly every 'strip o, their bark ,:Mbny ',aluable cattle"werie, "we sie told,;killed'? Few, ei~sdiinsii this neighbourhood heioe spent; :so mnuch time, indurstry, idtminoney; resently, to bea uti fyiindtadorri their hatosseand grounids as Mir Ealos haes 'done: Ihore outbuildings weic mostly bcovered with irgalvaniied iron roofs. r1hesecwere left 'choppedil iind 'dented through in all directions 'byAthe fierce hail; as it muon had been' employed "'hamivisiimg and 'chopping' the roofs thrirh-witlh hanimmeis and axies ` The celebiated siloes on the estate wei e'more` or less-.unroofed.` -Not (only wei'e' the iindows pon'thbwe'itlier side o1 the lioise iltself broken in nearlyoevery paie but ode large ataircase viuidow of stairied1 glass was blowrn bodilty in aridFdrivie to" the othetýside of the house. A building erec ted .is ! imrkishi bith-rooms..was =ahnri't dostroydl.',.costly'crdservatoiy, with' plate glass roo n4; had its roof and'idds destioyed,'feay all 'its' plant contentsf Abeautiful. flower garden, ivith '~thi`ichd pleasure grouindsodxrnnrinte'z? with st~a r ,nary;, an orchard of fclioicer/tiees; hirge kitchen rai den,,abd were allbeaeen down Aid thei lanitsnaid trees brokeriior strip* ped of 1haf and barks htid A fbriiug viid.e yard sufu ir the saineimanner. `And' 'the cr~ope roundlyronnd was lefit inh l8LiencMfliti.nAltogetlher MrEaileis s l'osi' is cstn~ipted Af oeie thoutmaidsof p'ounds a loss of twhicchei'is said to think less of tbati oftite delay of years whlich' will 'le required to replace -the: whole estali lishnment ini equal beiaut~y We hatve heard df'desktruotive festdtsm elsewitheres toiimdi vidual properties, to thes exteint of lhtin' dreds of pounds. At Mr A.'W. M DotVg a1slls the stoin~ was much moriite ldeneand close than ig mnost p arts of .Maitland 'it self. The 'Eimge orchard of fruit~trees and linse ita full belarincg wasillmost. enitrely striippd of friti land thetrues and. plants gin ly injueda m otal edtimated loss, icuing sombe c~ropped ground olitside. of .£300 .£ 00.O At Messrs. Scobie's. large miark et gardeoss Oakhamton Road, the larcgest and mnost peifectly kept in the colony, ouit oifSydneoy and its immediate neighbouthood, the hail also foil fearfully heavy, neating down tons of fruit and' grapes (12 tons of grapes alone, it is es .timated) and leaving tho trees gf-eatly in jutedy estimated loss £320. A~6ther, smnaller market Was similarly destroyed ; w'ile on the Ferest Hill vinreyard, on the same slope asl Moessr. Scobie's, the 'prop-~ ertios L 0mg dirided only by a roadway eomparatively little iInjry was done.. The accounts that icach ns of simnilar~ca~ pricious escapes and injury of adjoining p~rembies~'are endless. In West Maitland, St. Paid's Church mand St. Paul's parson age are within the sanocuchlosure, separa ted eoily by~ msomo (h0 or 80 feet of space. The church winidows were brokeni to sonic extent un tho emauthir side, but thme psrsdn ege wits fmmrieuvtly attneked. The doors w~rie blown in oni the inmates, and the window pimnus were en rapidly and continuously brukin, 11111 the pities of glass sent flying thmomigh time hose that the in mates huil tu cover their heads with clothing td> protect I themselves from the cutting shower-theI Rev. Mr Thackeray himself bting out, .ex-. posed to the storm, attending. Mr Gibb's funeral. All the churches found their win-. dows and rcofs to some extent not hailstone: stone-proof, but at St. John's so much damage was done that the heavy raimn al, most flooded the part of the chureh aiabut the altar; doing a good deal of, injury ,in that. way. * The CoUxCIL OIt EDUCATION .-{rFairfa who was appointed by Lord Belmo, e nearly two years ago, as a m mber of the Council of Eduocaion;.h'as placed his resignation inthe bands of his Excellency Sir Hieronles b1o ! .S 9 Herald m a noa PrITsaREET -ONG RiGAfTXONGTi Cxio6uf - As usual; a religi'rii service was condiicted in this Church byvthe la'Re, Jbha Grhaein yes terday,jNew. Yeai'as inoriinig. t i;Acollection' was made by the ;coor egation .ias a; thank o ftrringto God. for sthe .mercies bof the vpast Iyear, amounting to .£797. l5s 4d. .fhis sum given' ill;e appropriated towards paying off the debt inourred lately ,n bnilding new school li ll and cl'ass .rooms. he entire cost .was £8300" The balance remaining to be paid msd£450-so . Mi: IIeralldt. JORn M KIN.AY, THuC EXPLORER:A. 'tels gram; fromi Adelaide dateid Tuesday, aniin-o ces the death oflMr'John'iM'Kiilay the' e-' plorer .:' The schooner Coquette has been wrecked t the ClarenceHeads. Iv '. '; Thebfarming districts iround Mielbourne'are looking so well and the cropsare: so 'prolific, ,thataredaotion has been caused in the mar k,,Holloway's Pitta -D'ilrdered Stomach.-W1ho. 'e nwith'ceitalnity predict the ultimate issue of a, disordered stomach if it be neglected.? Ftir, Jlihrli& lika, and even cholera, and too often the panelties of. such neglect. 'It should be every wheroeknown, that Holloway's pills dfi'ectualiy prevent these disastrousi consequences.. 'This 'puritafn g Jied6icle should be taken at once, to stem the formidable sydttoins, or the oplpdrtunlty of doitig so.may be lost forever, aida few, day's,'delay even may be fatal. "Each succaedidg doseigradually regulates the stditheh lireir iiiid' bowels.... When the; weather;is;. sultry, dhat system; weakened, and malaria abundant,;the digetLioh and its orgain shboold he kepto In order hy' treatwent so simple yet 'so productive of comfort, siecurity' iid strength.. Al 