Burying the Wrong Woman. A REMARKABLE caso was recently reported in Water, ford. I or acme time past a Mrs. Keene, wife of a mari named John Keene, residing in Alexnuder-street, in that city, had been in ,the Union Hospital, and a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her deata. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the aeouraoy ef the report, ho proceeded to tho agent of tho St. Patrick's Burial Soolety in the city, a member of which he was and having produced the necessary certificate of death) he received £310s, the amount due to him under the rules of the society Ho next proceeded to the under taker's, purchastd a coffin, and sending up to the work house, had the remains placd in it and conveyed to his own residence Tho usual wako was held, when all tho relatives of tho deceased with the neighbours assembled, and tho general impression of all who siw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed pince last thoy saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to tho graveyatd, and were solemnly interred, Keene's grief being so great that he oould not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lowly suppor that evening the latob. of the door wan lifted, and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwingfjher arms round his neck. In the wildest ecstacy, Vegan kissing him. IOane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of hor to say if she was really mortal. Mra. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilder ment bogan to cease, he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Kease screamed .with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane Immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane had r sally ci*! in the house, hut that she was the wife of a John Keane r -aldina: in Peter-street. On healing of the matter the a .eat of the St. Patrick Society WHS fariuus, because the second John Keane was not a member of the sooiety. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. 