BEECHER 'AND SPURGEON ON CALVINISM. ? In his remarkoble Lectures on ^Preaching the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher 'was callcd upon several times to. treat of Calvinistic doctriues/ For example, at the end of his first lecture tho following questiona and answers occurred :- — ' Q. Hn keeping an eye upon tho congregation, and looking forward to a ministry finch may bo for years, would you not think best to follow in the general 'system of thoughts which we call Calvinistic? Can we pass by the teachings of tho sohools and; construct our, own - theology ? Or shall we have for a back- ground, for a corner stone, if you please, of all our systems of thought and preaohing, that system which is called Cal vinistic ? Mr. Beecher. — I admiire tho discretion with which you put that question. If you had asked me whether you ought to follow that system which is Calvinism, I should say, No. But if you ask me whether you ought' to follow that system which is called Calvinism, I say it is very well to follow that ; for I have noticed what that which is called Calvinism, may be defined, to be. For . instance, I considor myself Calvinistic, you know; and in this way : I believe what John Calvin would have believed. if he had lived in my time and seen things as I see them. My first desire is to know what is true, and then I am very . glad if John Calvin agrees with 1me, but if he don't, so much tho worse for him ! While I accept tho work that God did by him in the in terpretation and in tho systematisation of truth — ; and I shall have a good deal to say about Cal- vinism and in favour of Calvinism before I get' through, in respect to its doctrines and its his torical work — yet it soems to mo that I have tlio same Lord Jesus Christ that John Calvin had, tho same Paul, tho same John, and nothing that hinders me in any way from looking right into their hearts and forming my own idea of what they were, and how they felt, just as he did ; with tho additional advantage that I have tho light of hundreds of years' unfolding of the Christian Church, Which he had not; for he constructed his system under tho drippings of tho old Roman hierarchy. Besides, John Calvin had an inordinate share of intellect and not half his share of heart. Have I answered suffi ciently ? _ Q. If you were requested to preach on Elec tion and Predestination in a church 'whose members hold tho old faith on these points, how would you meet that request. ? Mr. Beecher. — I should preach it as I find it in the New Testament. I should not ask the catechism, which are helps to those whom they help. I should take it as I find it in the New Testament — that God has a plan in the world ; that He works according to laws; and that natural laws aro divine decrees. I very frankly admit that those truths can be stated in a way be as to be very offensive and discouraging; but I thankfully believe that they can be stated in another way so as to be tho foundation and groundwork of hope and courage. Whatever else you do, don't slam I he dour of possibility in any man's face. Don't hold up any of tho truths of the gespol in such a way that the man who looks at then, shall say it is not possible to be saved. The teaching of Christ and tho apostles was that God wanted all men to be saved, and made overtures to them ; that there is a possibility of every man's being regenerated by the power of the Holy Ghost; Build up such 'a°' spiritual 'superstructure that every little child feels it 10 bo oasior to loud a Christian- lifo that an ungodly life In another lecture tho subject, camo up thus: — Q. — Is, it. not true that Spurgeon is a follower of Calvin, and is ho not ti.ii eminent examplo of success? Mr.' Beecher, — -In spite of 'it, yes; but I do not believe that tho camel travels any better, or is any more useful as an animal, for the hump on its back. ; Upon this, Mr. Spurgeon has made tho fol lowing critical comment : — . ' Calvinism, it seems, is to Mr. Spurgeon what a hump is to a camel';, and Mr. Beecher is of opinion that camels' humps are a mistake. Mr. Beecher's Maker, however, does not think so, or He would not have created camels with humps. Naturalists assure us that the hump is of great - importance in the eyes of the Arabs, who judge of the condition of their beasts by the size, shape, and firmness of their humps.- They say, and truly, that the camel feeds upon his hump, for in proportion as the animal traverses the 'sandy wastes, and suffers from privation and fatigue, the mass diminishes ; and it is not fit for a long journey till tho hump has regained its propor tions. Calvinism, then, is tho spiritual merit which diubles a man to labor on in the ways of Christian service ; and, though ridiculed as a hump by those who are only lookers on, those who traverse the weary paths of a wilderness experience know too well its value to be willing to part with it, even if a Beecher's splendid talents could be given in exchange.' 