A TRIANGULAR manifesto is made in the last Contemporary Review on the subject of testing the physical value prayer. Professor Tyn- dall, the physicist, whose letter the professor introduced to the Review, and Dr M'Cosh, president of Princeton College, in the United States, are the disputants. Dr M'Cosh takes a similar view to that we took in our first notice of the original proposal by Professor Tyndall and his friend, and argues in effect that to organise prayer as a scientific experi- ment is illogical, not to say irreverent. We may say that after reading the new contri- butions of the two English men of science, our estimate of the original proposal remains un- altered. Whatever may be individual opinion upon the value or reasonableness of prayer, the practicability of a scientific test of its value seems hopeless. The measure of its seeming desirableness is, of course, only de- terminable by personal estimate, and that will be the product of each man’s own opinions and emotions. The whole thing, in fact, is a matter of opinions and emotions, and, as we submitted before, they are not amenable to any test yet known to science, and least of all to any test known to physical science. But the test is proposed by a physicist, en- dorsed by a physicist, and is made to relate to purely physical issues. Professor Tyndall appears to be more conciliatory towards the popular religion and the practice of prayer than his friend is, but it is evident that, as a man of science, his sympathies are towards the experimental in reference to prayer. But he makes some momentous concessions, if he does not admit all that the praying Christian con- tends for. We incline to think that he ad- mits the whole case, and his admission, singu- larly enough, coincides with the line of argument adopted in the same number of the Review by Father Dalgairns in rebutting Herbert Spencer’s arguments in support of the proposition that God is without the region of the knowable. Father Dalgairns argues that knowledge of God is, in one way, deducible from the obviously known. So Professor Tyndall admits similarly the reasonableness of prayer and its ordinarily called supernatural efficacy. He says:—“It is a matter of expe- rience that an earthly father, who is at the same time both wise and tender, listens to the requests of his children and, if they do not ask amiss, takes pleasure in granting their requests. We know also that this compliance extends to the altera- tion, within certain limits, of the current of events on earth.” To this he adds :—“The theory that the system of nature is under the control of a Being who changes phenomena in compliance with the prayers of men is, in my opinion, a perfectly legitimate one." He gives his reason thus:—“With this suggestion offered by our experience (of parental love and power) it is no departure from scientific method, to place behind natural phenomena a universal Father who, in answer to the prayers of his children, alters the current of those phe- nomena.” Well, this is all that intelligent Christians contend for. It is only another reading, and yet not another, of the old Christ prayer “Thy will be done." That prayer was, and is, a practical, rational recognition, of the relative conditions of the human pray- er and Him whom science talks of now as the Abso- lute, now as the Unknowable. But Professor Tyndall is, after all, nothing if not scientific. He lives, and moves, and has his being in the region of experiment, of severe examina- tion of phenomena, of multiplying tests in order to arrive at scientific certainty. He feels, therefore, that prayer, and all that is claimed for it by praying people, are scientifi- cally in an unsatisfactory condition.They have not yet been philosophically formulated. There is no exact register anywhere in any class-room or laboratory of the physical value of prayer, and hence the aching void to fill which an experiment is desired for the purpose of settling “the quantitative value of the action of the supernatural in nature.” So, after all his concessions, Professor Tyndall goes on to remark that “without verification, a theoretical conception is a mere figment of the intellect, and I am sorry to find us parting company at this point.” There is a droll mixture of Christian reverence and hankering after the exact results of science in his treatment of the question, and we fear we must, with how much soever of diffidence in relation to so eminent a man, accuse him of inconsistency. He men- tions Newton’s theory of the greater velocity of light in water, and Arago’s successful pro- posal of experiment in disproof of the theory, as an illustration of the value of testing received theories, and then proceeds to make the obvious reflection that “Christi- anity varies with the nature upon which it falls,” and then, he admits the value of prayer, and says that "in its purer forms prayer hints at disciplines which few of us can neglect without moral loss.” This is reverent and Christian, just as was his rational deduc- tion of the fatherhood of God and His probable answer to prayer from the finite wisdom, ten- derness, and power of the human parent. Yet he adds, “No good can come of giving prayer a delusive value by claiming for it a power in physical nature." If this is consistent with his previous admissions and argument, we are at a loss how to judge of consistency. Science hates the unknowable, and the mental and physical value of prayer are scientifically un- knowable, and so these clear-headed physicists seem to get befogged when dealing, howsoever reverently, with the undeterminable question of the "quantitative value of the supernatural in nature,” Having in some sort stood sponsor for his friend’s original proposal of a test, Professor Tyndall chivalrously does battle for the project, but, as it seems to us, with little success or glory. His friend deals with the subject with more of the cold- blooded hardness of pure science, and chaffs his theological oppo- nents. With some justice he repels the abuse which theological odium threw upon his motives, and says he only did as they do, and said “Let us pray," and they refused. There is something too much of a sneer in this way of putting it, or if it be not that, it reveals an incapacity to conceive the notion of prayer as Professor Tyndall seems to conceive it. He says he is deeply affected by the study of nature. An inexpressible reverence touches him in the contemplation of the wisdom and order which the of natural law dis- closes, and “with true filial piety l would never suggest.a petition for a change in the Great Will as touching any childish whim of my own. I cannot express my repugnance at the notion that supreme intelligence and wisdom can be influenced by the suggestion of any human mind, however great.” But while all this is rational enough, the man of science speaks as if he ignores the possibility that, as Professor Tyndall puts it, millions have put it before his day, the cry of the child to the father is a part of the universal order. We do not, before so very leamed a pundit, contend for anything more than the possibility of the thing. But if there be a provision anywhere in the universal scheme of things for prayer it is presumable that honest prayer is meant, that is reasonable as well as earnest desire, and if through childish ignorance the desire of the child be unreasonable, however honest, the “wise and tender” father will not consent. Still there have been what Tyndall calls "the disciplines," and their value can only be scanned and noted by the science of the “Absolute.” Why, even our learned pundit meets us more than half way, for he is as inconsistent as Tyndall, if not so expressively reverent. He speaks of the placid, resignation of philosophy which “fears no catastrophy, regards calmly all that happens” and asks, “ls not the final consummation of all prayer, of all matured piety expressed in the memorable ejaculation ‘Thy will be done'?” But he contends that it is no use, not even right to ask for physical results. “Is it right,” he asks, “to pray for the earth to be stopped in its course? If not, where draw the line?” Well, we would reply in own words and say the line is always drawn by the Christian at “the memorable ejaculation 'Thy will be done.’ ” If the physicist can ponder that im- ponderable, measure that immeasurable, and read the secrets of the human heart as they at any given comment exist he may hope to get a glimpse of the "quantitative value of the supernatural in nature,” but not till then. Of course all this is not saying that much dense ignorance and selfishness is mixed up with what is sometimes called prayer, nor that reason and religion both do not teach obedience to ascertained physical laws, nor that what is called miraculous interference with physical order is seldom or never witnessed. But, then, we do not see everything. It is still true that there are things in heaven and earth not dreamt of in our philosophy, much less become visible to our eyes. Dr Littledale gets it on the hip when our physicist retorts upon him for his abuse. He says he proposed in his prayer test precisely what Dr Littledale charged him with not doing, for he did, in fact, propose to realise the doctor’s own admis- sion of propriety. Dr Littledale said, “I can see no reason why prayer as an actual fact in the universe should not be investigated as pa- tiently and exhaustively as tobacco.” Well, the physicist says, that is just what he proposed to do, and yet Dr Littledale, abuses him for the proposal. The whole controversy shows how idle is the argument, and how little the test proposal is favored by that feeling of re- verence to which both of our philosophers lay claim, that is unless there be a sublimer rever- ence within the subtle atmosphere of physical science than is known to the more emotional regions where “prayer is wont to be made” by unscientific people. But the cry “more light" may be as real prayer in the yearnings of the scientific explorer as any windy inspiration ever mouthed in solemn temple by surpliced priest or sable-coated preacher. Reverence in both and everywhere is the thing, and so the poet well says— Let knowledge grow from more to more, But more of reverence in us dwell. "I'Empire c'est la paix." So said Louis Napoleon at Paris, after the Coup d’Etat had led on to the empire and placed him on the throne. Now the empire of Death has come, and at Chiselhurst there is silence, if not peace. At his bier, who was twice a refugee in England, the thought of the survivor runs rapidly back over the devious and stormy path of the man whose remains lie silent now, draped in the sad garments of death. The son of a not too happy mother, he was a boy when the first Napoleon came back from Elba for a brief renewal of his brilliant and fitful glory. His empire was not peace. He and France called it glory, but reason and morality have much abated the eclat of that whirlwind of war and revolution, of the making and re- making of nations and kings, of lying bulletins and insolent ambitions. He, is gone to meet The flocking ghosts of those Who at his nod were slain. And now his nephew has passed over the same bourne to meet a similar host, and thoughtful men will ask over the corpse of the exile of Chiselhurst as Mrs Sigourny asked over that of the exile of St. Helena— Oh ! when the cry of that spectral host Like a rushing blast shall be, What will thy answer be to them? And what thy God’s to thee? Perhaps both uncle and nephew, once believed themselves to be men of destiny doing the in- spirations of heaven, or else the passion for what is called glory fired them with a vigor equal to that which a mighty faith in a great mission gives. At any rate both did what they could to make their ambition virtuous by big wars, and they stand accountable for nearly as much human bloodshed as any two men who ever lived. Yet there was a great difference be- tween the two emperors. The first was a mighty man of war, the second only what Carlyle calls a simulacrum. Special constable in London in 1848, after his Strasbourg and Boulogne escapades, and his intermediate exile in America, he had ample time to meditate upon the value of a quiet life, in seeing the peaceful agitations of English politics, and the generally settled condition of English life. Yet then he was on the eve of his most successful exploit, for in the same year the French revolution sent Louis Philippe over as an exile to England and Louis Na- poleon over to France to become President of the Republic and then head of the Empire. Kinglake has told the story with great pic- turesqueness and bitterness. A goodly batch of ghosts were hurriedly sent off to join the uncle’s host in Hades before the French people shouted “Vive I’Emperor.” Become an Em- peror, and destiny so far fulfilled, Louis Napoleon abjured some old sack and took to living cleanly. Why, Providence was on his side, and should he not be a moral man? Undoubtedly; so he put away his English mistress and married a Spanish brunette, with a temper, a pretty face, and, it is said, some English blood in her veins. His uncle would rather have married the pythoness than anything English; but the nephew, amid all his vagaries, was a friend of England, after a fashion. He never made war upon us, or our trade, but fought by our side in the Crimea, and took no advantage of our Indian Mutiny troubles. He had to keep the human abattoirs going for very life, nevertheless, and so fought with Austria and made “Italy-free from the Alps to the Adriatic,” More “flocking ghosts" were thus sent off to the others, and the end was not yet. He held magnificent state, had kings, queens, and emperors to visit him in his Parisian and Imperial glory. Eugenie reigned in beauty, and in her later years became devout, and did what she could to be the “eldest daughter” of the Church, and to be a Christian mother to her son, the Im- perial heir-apparent of all the pomp, pride, and circumstance of Napoleonic glory. Then, after the empire had been peace for some time, there came the fatal dispute Prussia about the Hohenzollern candidate for the Spanish throne. The result was a corpse and a silent, sad, de- throned widow and fatherless boy at Chiselhurst, in that “perfide Albion" which the founder of his dynasty hated so bravely. But not till more hosts had been blown by powder and shot, or hacked by bayonet and sword out of this life, and sent to join the spectral corps d’armee out of sight. Surely the moral of all this , as of so many more disastrous failures of the sort, is that nations are led by the nose as asses are, and murder one another because reason has not yet come to reign over human affairs in all her plenitude of power. Some people would put religion for reason, and we would not say them nay; for, after all, religion may be accepted as the most perfect form of human reason, the very flower and fruit of it, and the most blessed thing ever evolved from human life. Only there has been so much mad theology that it stands accountable for as much murder as the ambition of kings and the insanity or slavish ignorance and submission of peoples, and must by no means be con- founded with religion. Over the bier at Chiselhurst, then, we may mourn the folly of ambition, the weakening immoralities of court intrigues and official demoralisation, the folly of national hatreds, the folly of all wrong, the sadness of disappointment and bereavement, and hope for the day when nations inter se will learn to be at least as rational and peaceable as the people of any one community are, and then we may see war reduced to a rarity, if not an impossibility, and the affairs of life transacted upon the principles of reason whose empire is peace. 