MAKING AN OMELETTE. from the frexoii of oustave droz. . Biioadxvay. Tho rain hatl been falling all day, and, tired out, had turned into tlio sort of mist that rises from tho moadoxvs at ex-oiling. Wc had just dined ; baby, xvho had fallon asleop at dessert, hail gono to bod, ancl xvo txx-o, Louise and I, xx-cro standing at tho open xvindoxv, looking out at tho sky aud hum ming to ourselves. "Supposo xvo leave tho ark, Father Noah ?'.' saicl my xvifo to mo. "I see no rainbow, my dear." " So much tho more reason for going out to look for it." She left me, and oamo back hooded, booted, and gloved. Sho took my arm xvith a good firm hold, loaning oloso up to me, as if xre had just mot after a long separation ; " Oh, lioxv glad I am to got out ! Don't you feel hoxv good tho air is? I should liko to go oil xvalking, xvalking. Let us go ever so far ; it is hroail daylight still." And she merrily urged mo on, making groat strides to keep pace xvith mo, Wo skirted tho hedge, and, turning to tho left, entered the xvood. Hoxv xvo loved that dear xv-ooil ! At that hour it xx-as silent, clninp, and dripping, like the beard of a sea- god. The xvet moss yielded to the foot like a saturated sponge, ancl a clear raindrop trembled to its fall on ex-cry leaf of tho droop ing branches. " You xvill ho x-cry xvet, dearest," I said to Louise, stopping as I spoke. "Oh, no matter; I have on my thick boots. Do let us go on." So xve xvent on. I thanked my xvifo for her courage tliat evening, for nothing oil earth is more beautiful than the forest after rain, especially at suuaot, xvlicn all is silence and peace. Tho xviud has gone doxvn, tho xveary rain has crept hack to its clouds, tho x-ery birds aro falling asleep and (beaming of dryness. To mo there is a xvell-lovod oliarui in feeling really alone, when there arc only the two of us, and xvo arm in arm ; in xvalking under tho groat green arches ; in breathing tho keen scent of tho moist xvood ; in striking my stick against the massive oaks ancl hearing thu long, sonorous echo from the neigh boring trees ; in stopping short at the cry of a breaking txvig, at the Bound of tho ill-ops pattering from leaf to leaf ; in draxving in long breaths of the fresh rain-xvashed air ; in listening xvith my eyes (if I may. use the expression) to the exquisite harmony of all these, shy and subtle tones. The metaphor is so true tliat it has become trite, but i do not use it for the sake of stringing xvords to gether. On a fine day, xvhrxi the son is near set ting, everything groxvs rosy and high-colorecl jike the f$ce of a handsome girl spinning ox-cr the fire. Thoro is a warmtli and a vividnpss of tone. Nature is thrilled and touched, ancl xvo foci that through the day she has nail her share of love and pleasure and xvork. The iorest is warm ; the foliage sparkles with diamonds and rubies and eme ralds ; and every now ancl then, on the mossy trunks, you catch a sudden startling gleam of gold. Then you have an orchestra xvith all its effects, a rich and brilliant harmony, like the unexpected sight of a royal treasure chest, liko a cathedral xvhero tho loud trumpets burst out and a xvliolo nation shouts Allclui ! But on a grey day it is quite another tiling : no brightness then, no trumpets and drums: Nature goes to her bed that night xvith tearful eyes and a marked desire to yaxvn. Tho violins, deadened that sho may sleep, aro at their lowest and sloxvest : you can hardly hour their music. It is liko a dream, but so sweet is its \\-oico, so exquisite its harmony, that it is not an easy thing for the loitering lover of the music of the eye to deciilo xvhich phase it prefers — tho forest x-eilcd in the grey mantle of twilight or tlio forest dazzling in its golden gleams of splendor. YYo xvero going along under a clump of birches when a-gentlo littlo xviud passed over lis, stirring tlie treetops, and thoy, xvith a sudden shako like a bird from its bath, sent doxvn on us a sho.xvcr of liquid diamonds. " Oil hoax-ens !" cried Louise, stopping dead short, "tlio horricl xviud ! 1 am soaked." Her skirt flnttcrcd in the wind, and I caught sight of txvo tiny boots firmly planted closo together in tho grass. " Perfectly soaked !" sho repeated ; " my hood xvas pushed back, and I liavo it clelugo doxvn my neck — a xx-holo rix-or." 1 brushed off tlio rain, readjusted her hood, and xvlicn sho xvas comfortable again, sho saicl with n smile, " You aro x-ery nice." I rather think I kissed her. Ami in high good humor xvo dancccl over tho fern, site leaning on my arm ; then, as xvo came into tho sonorous silcnco of tho high growth, sho suddoiily broke out, to tlio tunc of the Alarsoillaise, into a foolish littlo song of her own invention about a xviekecl husband xvho did not love his xvifo at all, at all, at all. She looked somischiox-ous as sho hurried on, singing anil smiling and showing her pretty white teeth, that i began to sing xvith iter. Wc boliaved like children ; xvo knew it and wc liked it — it is a good thing. All at once xvo came to a placo xvhich might have been a quagmire, a clried-up marsh/ or a xvorked-out quarry — I don t know xvhich ; but tho ground xvas up turned, tho trees xvero destroyed, ancl gnarled roots looked angrily out from the briers. " Aro you sure xvo shan't loso our xx-ay ?" said Louise, looking at mo. " Oh no, dearest." " And if xx-e aro lost, what will that poor littlo folloxv, asleep in hiscraillo this minute, say to-inorroxv ? Shall xvo go back ? Say, shall xvc go hack ?" "But xvo aro only txventy minutes from home, not more." "Yes, yes, travellers xvho are lost in tho xvoods alxvays think thoy aro only twenty minutes from homo. 1 don't liko those ugly txvistcd trees ; there must bo croxvds of animals living in these roots." Sho shuddered, aud stooping forward to listen, saicl, "There, do you hear? Don't you hear those heax-y bloxvs ? Hush, hush — heavy, hcn\\-y, bloxvs. At this hour, in the forest, xvhat can it ho? Tins sun is setting — shan't xve go back ? " I listened anil did indeed hear a dull sound, tho causo of xvhich xvas easy to guess. I could liavo told lior at onco, but I liked too xvell to see her as slie stood, serious and bent to listen, lier lips parted anil lier eyes fixed on nuno : it gave mo too much pleasure to have lier clinging to mo in hor fright, and in my egotism 1 answered, xvithout mox-ing a muscle, "It is strango indeed. 1 do hear heavy bloxvs. Let us go see xvhat it is : it can't lie far. " " Go tlioro ! Dear G'eorgo, you aro mad." Sho threxv hor arms around me, anil raising herself to my car, almost xvhispercd, " I am frightened : como away, ploaso — pleaso oomo axvay." IVhat a littlo coxvard you aro ! Didn't you recognise tho sound — tho xvoodcut.ter3 working 111 the clearing ?" " And yon expect 1110 to boliox-o in your xvoodcutters ? What aro they doing, pray ?" " They are cutting up otik logs to mako stax-es for barrels ; that's tho xvholo of tho mystery." " Aro you quito sure ?" . "Yes, clear." " Are xvoocleutters good people ? " Particularly these ; I knoxv thorn well. Let us go ancl see them ; it xvon't take three minutes. " Sho consented to folloxv me, lagging a littlo behind. In anothor minute or txvo xvo xvero in tho most picturesque of. spots. Before us xvere txx-o or threo cabins like xvigxvams on tho shores of Lako Ontario, described in Cooper's novels, consisting of a pile of board.) and trunks of trees, blackened, moss-grown, damp aud dark, topped by a xvhite chimney, xvhenoo a feather of blue smoko escaped into the green vault above us. Around tlio settlement xi-ere heaps of logs, mountains of chips, pyramids of yelloxvish-racl planks, and on a line stretched from tree to treo a fexv clotlics making believe to dry. The gronnil next tho hut xx-as trodden cloxvn, anil at it littlo low door an old xx-onian xvas feeding a dozen chickens. " Good evening, sir — good evening, maclame," said tho old woman as xve ap- proacliod. "Won't yon 001110 in aud warm yourselves a little ? It's pretty fresh this evening." Louiso xx-as looking at ox-orytliing as sho xvould h.ax-o looked at a successful stage effect. Y\re xvent in. Tho inside xvas xvorthy of the outside. Tho hut XX-, -is of irregular shape, full of chinks and corners ; ""in tho middle, on tho ground, blazed a magnificent tiro, tho fireplace being indicated by foni- iron bars, xvhicli kept tho burning brands in tneir piaco. 1 liere xx-as a note m tlio roof, as iii tho implux-imu of a Roman house, ami tho flames soared high. Beyond the open ing, through a yaxx- ning chimney, xvhieli lot in tho daylight and let out the smoke, xx-o saxv branches and grey sky. In the embers xx-as a pot sot to boil, and in tlio corners of the cabin, in a confusion of tools, materials, and refuse, threo men — ono a little old felloxx-, xvith holloxv cheeks and brick-dust complexion — xvero chopping axvav xvith all their might and main. The three xvero father, son, ancl son-in-laxv ; this xva3 their xvorksliop and their home, and here tlicy lix-ecl ancl labored year in, year out, winter and summer through. Onco a xvoek the son xvent to tho village for prox-isions, and on Sunday tho xx-holo family played at boxvls under tho great trees. As xvo entered they stopped xvork, and each mail, having spoken 10 us, put doxvn his axe— a frightful xx-oapon, not unlike the guillotine axe— an enormous, sliarp- pointcd blade and a short haucllu, admirably adapted to the murder of oaks, but sinister of aspect. Louiso droxv somewhat closer to mo 011 tho littlo boncli xvhore xvo had seated ourselves. " Don't xve interrupt your xx- ork 1 asked tho olcl man. "Thank yon kinclly, 110, sir: xvc are just going to supper." Tho txvo young men pulled doxx-n their sleeves, and they all gathered round a large tablo of primitive construction, mado of a board and four legs still in the rough. While tlicy xx-ero settiug out iittlo plates of thick blue stonoxvare, tho old xvonian brought a great pan anil tiiroxv into tlio tiro an armful of chips. In this strange, ruclo interior, Louise' looked so refined and delicate, xvith all her dainty appointments of long, undrcssed-kiil glox- os, jaunty hoots, and locqied-up-petti- eoat. While I talked to tho wuod- cutters, she shielded her face from tlio fire xvith her hands aud kept her eye 011 the butter begin ning to sing in thu pan. Suddenly she rose, anil taking the pan handle from the old xx-om.aii, said, " Let 1110 help you make tho omelette, xvill you ?" The good xx-oman let go x-.-ith a smile, and Louise found herself alone, in the attitude of a fisherman xvlio has just had a nibble. She stood in the full light of tlio fire, her eyes fixed on the melted butter, her arms tense xvith effort : she xvas'biting hor lips, probably in order to increase her strength. " It's rather hard on niadame's little hands," said .the olcl mail. "I liet it's tho first time you over made an omelette in a xvoodcu iter's hut — isn't it, my young lady ?" ' Louiso nodded yes, xvithout turning her eyes from the omelette. " The eggs ! the eggs !" sho suddenly exclaimed, xvith such a louk of uneasiness that xvo all burst out laughing — "lmrry xx-ith the eggs! The butter is all pulling up. Be quick, orl can't ansxver for the consequences. Tin: olcl xvomau beat tho eggs energe tically. ,'The herbs !" fried the old lnaip , "The lard and salt !" cried tho young ones. And they all set to xx-ork, chopping, cutriu-r, piling up, xvhilo Louise, stamping with eitement, called out, "Mako haste! iimbo linsto !" Then there xvas a tremendous hubblir.-; in tho pan, and tlio great xvork began. M'e xvcro all round the fire, gazing xv.tlt an anxious interest inspired by our all li.vrmg had a finger in tho pie. Tlio old xvonian on lier knees bcr.iib; a largo dish, slipped a knife under tho liVi- of the omelette, xvhich xx-as \turnim; s' una broxvn. "Noxx-, madame, you've only go-- to turn it over," site saicl. "Just ono littlo quick bioxx-," suggested the olcl man. "Mustn't ho x-iolcnt," counselled the young 0110. "All at onco: up xvith it, clear ! " I said. "If yon all talk at once — " " Mako haste, madame ! " "If you nil talk at onco I nevor shall manage it. It is too axvfully lioax-y." ' Ono quick littlo bloxx-." "But I can't ; it's going over. Oil, gracious ! " In tho heat of the action her hood had fallen off. Her cheeks xvero like a pet rii, hcroyos shone, and, though sho lamented her fate, she hurst out into peal-i of laughter. At last, by a suprcitio effort, tho pan moved, ancl tho omelette rolled ox-qr, somexvhat lieax-ily I confess, into tho large dish xvhich tho olcl xvoman xva.-, holding. Never did omelette look hotter. " J. am sure tho young lady's arms rmsb bo tired," saicl the olcl man, as I10 bi -can cutting a round loaf into enormous slices . " Oh, no, not so x-ery," my xvifo answered xx-ith a merry laugli ; "only I am crazy to taste my — our omelette." We seated ourselx-cs round tho tr.hlo. Wlicu xvo hail oaten and drunk xvitii. tho good souls xvo rose and made ready tc go homo. Tho sun had set, and tho xvhoio family came out of tho cabin to seo nt: off anil say good night. ' ' Don't you xvant my son to go xvith y ou?" tho old xx-oman catted after 11s. It xx-as groxving dark and chilly under tho trees, and xvo gradually qnickcned. our paeo. "Tlioso are happy people," said Louiso. "We xvill come somo morning and brea! cfasfc xvith them, shan't xvo? Wo can put tho baby in one of tho donkey-panniors, and in tho other a largo pasty and bottlo of vine. You aro not afraid of losing your xvay, Georgo ?" "No, dear, no fear of that;" ' ' A pasty and a bottlo of xvine —what i3 that ?" "Nothing — tho stump of atrce." " Tho stump of a tree, tho stump of a treo !" sho muttered. " Don't you hear something behind us ?" "It is only tho xvind in theleaves, ortho breaking of a. dead branch." Ho is fortunate xvho, at night, in tho heart of tho forest, feels as calm as at his oxvn iircsido. You clo not tremble, but you feel the silence. Inx-olnntarily you lock for oyos pcerii\g out of sho darkness, and you try- to cloliijo tho confused forms appearing; anil changing every minute. Something breaks andsouiiilsbeiicnth your tread, and if you stop you hear tlio distant melancholy lioxvl of a xi-atchilog, tho scream of an oxxi, ancl other noises, far and near, not so easily explained. A sense of strangeness surrounds you anil xveighs you doxvn. If you aro alone, you xvalk faster ; if there aro txvo of you, you clraxv closo to your companion. My xvifo clung to my ann. "Let .us turn xvoodcutters. Wo could build a pretty littlo hut, simplo, but nice enough. I xvould liax-o curtains to tho xvin- doxx-s, and a carpet, and put my piano in ono corner." Slie spoke x-ery loxv, and occasionally I felt her hand tremble 011 my arm. " You xvoulcl soon got enough of that, clearest." " It isn't fair to say so." Ancl in anothor minute sho xx-ent on: "You think I don't lovo you, yon and our hoy? Oh yes, clear, I love you. Yes, yes, yes. Tin happiness that comes every day can't In expressed : xvo live on it, so wo don't think of it. Liko our daily bread — xvi:r> thinks of tliat? But xx-hen you are think ing o yourself, xvlicn you put your head down anil really think, then you say, 'I am ungrateful, for I am happy ancl T givo no thanks for it.' Or xx-hen xvo aro a. unci together, anil xx-alking arm-in-arm, noxv at this x-ery moment — not that I mean only this moment — I lox-e you, doar love, 1 lovo you." Sho put lier head doxx-n on my ann and pressed it earnestly. "Oh," sho raid, "if i xx-ero to loso you?" Sho spoke very loxx-, as if afraid; What has frightened lier 1 — tho darkness of tho forest, or hor ov.n words? Sho xvent 011, "I liax-e often ar.il often droamccl that I xx-as saying good-bye to you. You both cried, and I pressed you so closo to my heart that there xx-as only one of us. It xvas a nightmare, you know, hut I don't luinil it, for it shoxved mo that my life xvas in your lix-os, doar. What is that cracking npiso? Didn't you seo something iust in front of us ?" 1 ansxvercd her by taking hor in my amis and folding her to my heart. . We xx- allced on, but it xx-as impossible to go 011 talking. Every noxv and. then she xvould stop ancl say, " Hush ! hark ! iS'o, it is nothing." At last xvo saxv ahead of us a littlo light, noxv x-isiblo, noxv hidden) by a tree. It xvas the lamp sot for us in tho parlor. V. a crossed tho style aud xvere at home. It xx-as high timo, for xvo xvere xvet through. .1 brougTit a hugo log, and xvhen tho fire had " blazed up xvo sat down iu the great cbimney- plaee. Tho poor girl xvas shivering. I took; off her boots and hold hor foot to tlie fire, screening them xx-ith my hands. "Thanks, dear George, thanks!" sho said, leaning on my shoulder aud looking at mo so tenderly that I felt almost ready to cry. Abat xvero you saying to mo in that horrid xvood, my darling?" I asked leer, xx-hen sho xx-as better. "You aro thinking about that? I xvas. frightened, that is all,, and xvhen you aro frightened you seo ghosts." ' We xx-ill bo xvoodcutters, shan't xx-e?" And kissing mo xvith a laugh, sho replied, " It is bed-time, man of tlio xvoods.'" I xvill remember that xvalk, for it xvas our last. Often anil often since, at sun set 011 a dark day, I have been over tho samo ground : ofton ancl often I liavo stopped xvhero sho stood, and stopped ancl pulled aside the fern, seeking to find, poor fool that I am! tho traces 01 her x-nnished footsteps. And I have often halted iii tlio clearing under the birches xxiiioii rained doxvn 011 us, and tliero in the sh.n loxv I hax-e fancied I'saxv tho flutter of hor dress, I liavo thought I hcarcl her startled note of fright. And 011 my xx-ay homo at night at ovory step 1 liavo found a recollection of her in the distant harking and the breaking branches, as in tho trembling of hor hand on my arm, ancl tho kiss xvhich I gax o her. Once I xvent iuto the xvood-hut. I saxv it all as before — the family, tho smoky inte rior, the little bench on xvhicli xvc sat— and I askocl for something to drink, that I might seo the glass her lips had touched. " The littlo lady xvlio makes such good omelettes, sho isn't ill, for sure ?" asked the old xx-oman. Probably sho saxv the tears in my eyes, for sho said no more, and I eamc away. And so it is that, except in my heart, xvhore siic lives and is, all that was my. darling groxvs faint ancl dark and dim. It is tho laxv of life, but it is a cruel law. Even my poor child is learning to forgot, and xvhen 1 say to him, most unxviliingly, ".i t". by, dear, do you remember hoxv your mother did this or that?" he ansxvers, "Yes," but I see, alas ! that ho too is ceasing to re member. 