MEDICAL EDUCATION IN NEW SOUTH WALES. " Quacks frauds autor, some tender leaves trees." to THE in Town or this herald. Sir,-In your issue of the 27th September last, Mr. B. J, Wetherell, M.K.C.S., England, replies to my letter on medical education, which you published on the Thud of September, and puts a Latin quotation at the top of his performance, as I have done, smitten by his classical example, at the top of this. We must all be learned when we discourse of learning;, on the principle that he who sells fat oxen should himself be fat. Mr. Wetherell tells me in a patronising way that, although I may be a man of " intelligence and education," all my supposed attainments, be thus great, creditor, or greatest, must count for nothing, when I " attempt to deal with a purely technical subject." He says, in fact, that Ike uninitiated cannot apprehend the arcana, inevitably connected with the formation of a Medical School in New South Wales. 1 may be able to see how a surveyor can be made here, or how a barrister can be made here, or how an attorney can be made here, or how a clergyman can be made here, of how it 'humbug can be made here, but it is all beyond me, to say . cr conceive, how a medical man can be made here. This can only be apprehended by Mr. Wetherell, or others of the cloth ; and extraordinary view, nevertheless, to be set forth in 1873. It is, of course, the technical view. Still I (demur to it, and at the risk of being again relegated to my last, I venture to speak again to the people of the colony, and to warn them of the grievous wrong which is proposed in Mr. Roberts's scheme ; a wrong, visible in an instant to any one who, though he may have the ill luck to be a star; has the happiness, not to be a petit ma star, or a family. I I demur to Mr. Wetherell's claim of infallibility for his profession. If I had been mad enough to speak about the , occult virtues of rhubarb or Epsom salts-, I would, no doubt, have trenched upon forbidden ground; but in the name of ordinary usage, I protest against being gagged , when I say a word about the propriety of this country doing what it needs to do, what it I can do, it what it should do, what should have been done long ago, and what must be done, namely, providing medical education for its own sons. If no rain . dare say a word about physic, except a son of Esculapius, why, or when anyone say a word about anything else ? v "We talk of all other professions, their principles and their representatives, but, hands off, if physic comes up, which, ,' by-the-bye, it often does in more ways than one. This A attempt to shut the world out from any concern in a science having peculiar interest for us all, may do very well for Mr. Holloway, but true science needs no veil, and true men of science never ask one. But Mr. Wetherell says that were my proposal, that we . , should act for ourselves, practicable, it is not '. likely that it would have been overlooked by the very able: and intelligent surgeon who has been entrusted with the task" of reporting on the whole question. Now, really I am not at all sure of this. The author , of tiny report may undervalue, or dislike, and thus overlook things which, other people very greatly value, very greatly believe in, and are determined not to overlook. But what is all this to the people of New South Wales V ,, Boee Mr. Wetherell expect this colony to accept a scheme , of such vast moment to it as the one under consideration " open any man's ipso dixit f I am certain no man in Britain would ask the people there to do so, and are we ; such names here that any one should expect us here to do so ? Evidently Mr. Wetherell thinks us such and nothing better, very evidently. The point before this colony, and profoundly interesting to it, is not who drew up this report, or that report, but does the report suit our latitude 2 The author of any report, were he Prince Alban; himself, is but one man, while this is a great and growing community, , ' bound to think for itself in every matter which many way "I affects it. And if the people of this colony will only insist . upon thoroughly understanding the scheme of Mr Roberts, I am persuaded that the more they understand it the less they will like it, and that they never will accept such a scheme, but will demand one radically different. Mr. Wetherell grows sensational when he describes the inevitable effects, as he believes, of my proposal to establish here a Medical School, with full powers and a complete course of study. He says, " We should by Dr. Gcekie's scheme have a repetition of the evils of twenty or thirty years ago, when any man of reasonable ability could, by care attention to his lectures, and a three months' grind at the last, make almost sure of passing the College and the' Ball. The profession was then an open door to numbers ' of fathers in the humbler ranks of life, who had saved a little money, and who wanted to make one of the family a ' gentleman.' Now, the result of this Tax training was to let loose on society (Mercy on up by a flood of half instructed men, who were to have unresisted sway over the lives and limbs of its members men who could not per- form, the simplest surgical operation without bungling, and whose clinical experience was nil." In support of this view, Mr. Wetherell tells us that the principal medical officer at the depot at Fort Pitt, Chatham, said that the assistant surgeons sent to the depot before joining their respective regiments could not even put a bondage on a man's leg. He said this in 1852. Mr. Wetherell adds, "This is just the state of things which the reverend gentleman would bring upon us and our children." This is enough to frighten anybody. But I demur again. That stupid fellows went into the army in 1822 believe ; but are there no donkeys in the army now- or even in Sydney ? And, are we to be told, that because such men existed twenty years ago, medical education was then at so low an ebb in Britain that the land was flooded with idiots answering to the description given by Mr. Wetherell?! If so, why send men to such a benighted place for medical, J training,? We could do no woke here. But it is answered that matters are far better now than they were then. Nor will I deny that there is an improvement ] in examinations for the army and the navy. I will say j this, however, that twenty years ago, or forty years ago, the mob who seem to have put in an appearance at Fort | Pitt were rare birds in the University of Edinburgh. Twenty or thirty years ago Edinburgh boasted of such medical teachers as Hope, Allison, Christison, Syme, Traill, Hamilton, Henderson, Sir J. Y. Simpson, Miller, Bennett, Lizars, Knox, Fletcher, Mackintosh and in spite of Mr. Wetherell, I do not believe that the geniuses who resorted to the Fort just named ever passed under their hands. If, however, they did to any appreciable extent, this fact would only prove to us, (is I have said, the folly of sending our young fellows home to study medicine for it will be readily admitted that in no part of Britain is there now, on the whole, a more brilliant set of medical teachers than those whose names I have above given. If such men helped to flood the kingdom, and of course the colonies, with the creatures described by Mr. Wetherell ; then, is spite of all he says about improvements, I am quite certain their successors will do nothing hotter. It is kind of Mr. Wetherell to put the matter in so convincing a light, for my purpose. Let us keep our men here. Mr, Wetherell speake of. "numbers of fathers in the humbler ranks of life who had saved a little money and wanted to make one of the family a ' gentleman,' that the medical man, and that these men succeeded beauties teams were so " lax in the British colleges With this painful irruption of such Vandals upon her dainty n calling Mr Wetherell connects the alleged fact, apparently that oceans of half instructed mon More let loose on the unhappy earth licensed to kill with knife or pill, and to do every thing but devour their victims Now, it is very nice to be genteel, and all that sort of thing but this indication of Mr Wetherell is that the humbler ranks are unfit for the profession, and are presumptuous in wishing; to become gentlemen by entering it, will scarcely help Mr Roberts s proposals Most people think that the " humbler i mica have as good a right to enter any profession as the more pretentious, and often as vulgar, ranks, that their doing so is rather of glory than a shame, and that any plan which would keep them out would be a plan which few gentlemen would cure to favour But Mr Roberts plan would most eirutvuiUj keep all such out for on or On such a plan some of the brightest and most winch medicine has ever had would here been lost to it With such a plan Sir James Y Simpson would never have applied chloroform as he did, for his father was one of the fellows who had impudent aspirations about his son-in fuel, his father was only a horrid baker, and the thought of a baker b son becoming a medical man is paralysing I feel assured, however, that it has only to be known that any scheme for the medical training of our young men to be constructed designed or otherwise 1 affirm no1-»Rpnic locally to shut out the to called " humbler ranks of this colony, and the scheme must perish No man of right feeling would defend it, and no Government dare to, or would endow it I can no aristocrat, I can no doing of it, but I would rather be either than be a knob, and, by the war, so in Scotland and the north of England rate has shoemaker Mr Wetherell says that it is not polite, or practice to write in our midst a body of second rate or totally incompetent practitioners, and that this is what a colonial medical school, Much as I propose, and other colonies have, must in his judgment, do In Ano, Mr Wetherell was educated in England, becoming a member of the Ko) of College of Surgeons in 1850, at the terrible death when the Universities of Britain teemed with the imbecile who went to Fort Pitt and he thinks that no human being can be made a surgeon except in the quarter he came from He clings to his ancient ideas, and this so tenaciously that his pet proverb applies happily to himself- ' Mr J itor ultra crepidam Hut will any man believe that New South Wales can- not make a surgeon.- All I say is, if any medical man beauty as it in this colony, he pours contempt on his own intelligence and standing To hint such a thing offends the liiiinblnst reaSon As or the small clowes, whether Mr Roberts thinks no sun could endure, what of all the classes in our Lnn ersit) now Is any one of them largo And if they be, small, does nobody endure them 5 I have not heard that Professor Smith hits yet Had from his laboratory, or Professor Pell from his demonstrations, of Dr Badham from him prelections But if small 1 ibises are still unendurable things, how are these to be put up with during the two years which Mr Roberts s scheme actually) provides for in Sydney Surely), if people um endure small classes for two years, the) can exist in but of the in for four' But it is painful to reply to such things I now) speak oracularly Mr Wetherell mi) s 1 do, but I cannot change in) speech nor Therefore I repeat it, that what other colonies can do, and are doing this colony can do equally well Nor are other colonies filled, as Mr Wetherell seems to think, with second rate or totally incompetent practi- tioner Canadian trained practitioners are not second rate but are quite equal to European practitioners in every one know h who knows any thing of that colony No) as a whole, they used to be more bulccsbíiiI than European practitioner. having from the first a more thorough know- ledge, of the variations of disease induced by their climate, which all European practitioners bad gradually to learn, and which some, of them never learned at all because thinking, with some people Hutt doctors could only be made in Europe, they were convinced that all diseases should square with the European type, rather than that European migrants should condescend to the paltry vagaries of colonial discuss Members of European colleges seemed sometimes too proud to treat disease in any other way than after the Royal College fashion-as if mere colonies had no business, even in disease, to differ Were it worth my while I could prove by evidence, which even Mr Wetherell w and bow to, that colonial i Practitioners can stand before European medical schools of the very highest reputation But Mr AY either evil thinks that, soon all, medical men must be gentlemen in feeling and action, ' must, in fact study deputy nt st that nothing will probably satisfy him, but a plan which chilli keep the " humbler ranks, out of the profession ""Vulgaril) is a ghost which terrific, decent men into greater follie than itself over dreamed of, or could pert truth if it tried If the scheme propounded by Mr Roberts, and so ably Mr) ] t read by Mr Wetherell, be accepted and acted on, them it will follows-That the medical profusion will be a monopoly) A few wealthy people here togotherwithiMedic.il men from Europe, will keep it in their own hands All other professions, are now open to the " humbler ranks, but in creme will in future be the patrician coffin,,, from which clergymen, medical men, lawyers, people with limited incomes, clerks in offices, and all the host of the " kind Her classes, shall be aware that their unkind boys must be for ever excluded I would ask, why) this wish to keep down every faculty for a man getting his medical training here Y Two replies have been made me to Una question the first is that lime used more for us in Sydney) than Mr Krelll keeps in his glass cases, and the second is that there are some people in the colony who nn.jvrobrftonivt«' in this matter, and who died the free competition of young Australia Of course it will be said that some prefer sending home students, hone tly, because toe colleges there are splendid but splendour here or there it, not the question We need a unethical school on the spot, and if we do not get one a grievous v song will be perpetrated on the whole course not) ' 1 -apple is now, not to the " technologists," but to educated men of all sorts, in this land I appeal to our more thoughtful members of Parliament. I appeal to the Government of the day Surely, surely, thnttbreitcned wrong can never be accomplished It never can be, if its character be properly and widely known Let us be saved from the paltriness indicated by the creation of an insulting Monopoly and from the shame of publicity declaring that we are a helping br unless people, who despise their own wine and cannot make their own pickles, and who, for the same reason, pour contempt on themselves by failing to educate their own physicians Your obedient servant, I ' A. C. GEEKIE. Manse, Bathurst, October 3. j 