still FRINGE OF WALES'S BIRTHDAY. The first public holiday of the season, the Prince of Wales's Birthday, coming immediately before the sawdust ring basis of an Australian summer seem, year by year, to grow more and more into favour with the Sydney people Nothing could be butter adapted for it great public holiday than yesterday. The weather was beautifully fine ever fresh and variable withal the air having been effectually cooled by the thunderstorm on Sunday last, which seems to hit ye chased away the h of sickly softness of the atmosphere Tboploasiire- sockin}; folks turned out everywhere in good style, and the holiday WAS kept right loyally The Balmain Regatta proved attractive to thousands with its numerous and varied boat races, and above all its yacht races sort of contest in which all Sydney people take a traditional tonight The grand cricket match between the Warwicks and the Alberts, at the Albert Cricket Ground, was also largely patronised by those who were intent upon the disposal of the Challenge Cup There were, moreover, a great odour stone TenriIh, numerous Sunday-school picnic to places up the line or down the harbour, wide by patronised trips to Athol Gardens, Manly Bunch, Clontarf, and Chowder Bay, the German Association s annual picnic to Botany, sports at Randwick, and open-air amusements at Sans Souci from the chasing of pigs with greasy tail to less demonstrative social rejoicings with quoits The theatres and Spencer's Royal Polytechnic were open, and well attended in the evening We append some further details of the mode in which the Sydney people kept the Prince's birthday BALMAIN REGATTA. Patron His Excellency Sir Hercules O K Robinson President Mr George Wigram Allen, M h A. Vice President Mr J. H Tritton, Major of Balmain Umpires Mr J Broomfield and Mr. V Curtis Starter Mr W Deloitte Treasurer Mr Q L Deloitte Hon Secretary Mr W K Chapman Committee Messrs J L Adams-, T R Allt, T J Brady, J Broomfield, W K Gbnttiiiin, 1 Curtis, li h Uuloitto, W Deloitte, W Harpur, It Johnson, W Marshall, I M'Qrogor, Captain McLean, Captain Randall, Captain Rowntree, Messrs J. C. Smith, J. See, J. Storey, F. H. Trouton, E. Wolsten- home The Balmain regatta of 1873 is now an event of the post. It came oiTvtslcicia/ amidst considerable eclat, the other houses the committee having ensured an excellent day's sport The weather on the previous evening was rather doubtful, and on the following morning, with the stiff hBUlhtrlv biie/c,und lowering; his king clouds skirting the southern horizon, it was not very reassuring The day however proved to be remark ably him If any fault could be found it was that the wind was slightly too boisterous for the pulling matches , thought, its it is an ill wind that blows nobody good, the Billing craft reaped the advantage The contests were witnessed by seven! thousands of people. The flagship was moored at During Street, which price was crowded with people probably not less than from four to five thousand persons were congress d on this point, so favourable for out using a good view of the various events The only accident that occurred was a very slight one-narady the running" into a skiff by the j next Osj roy There were two men and a bay in the boat, which was completely stove in but they were all picked up by the crew of the) yacht Accidents would probably have been much more numerous had it not been for the watchful care of senior sergeant 1 coma and his crew of water police, whose exertions to keep the course there were very pr mow north The C it heart, of 187 tons register, did duty as flagship, having been courteously placed at the disposal of the regatta committee by her commander, Captain Cr aw ford the stately vessel was moored at is 5d per ann for viewing the race Her seamen had Anivitti deck, stowed the yards, and found everything tiDlit for the occasion Awnings were erected from stem to stem to intercept the rays of old Sol and over) possible arrangement made for the comfort and convenience of visitors of whom there were Mt or seven hundred The vessel, moreover, was g lily decked out, festoons of bunting dep riding from every iniiEt and an animated and performing appearance she presented when " upon her deck-, were gathered young and old There were music and el young to diversify the amusements of the du) And FOR n after 4 o'clock a very large company sat down to an excellent luncheon prepared by Mr Pfahlert, of the Exchange The room) ' tween decks of the magnificent vessel afforded ample accommodation for the party No sports ought to be more popular amongst us this aquatics, seeing that we have one of the most suit- able uni magnificent harbours in the world for the contests Yet it cannot be denied that this class of sports has, during the last few cars, degenerated very much in the estimation of the public. The reason that most prominently suggests itself for the decline is that there are now more numerous and diversified attractions held out to holiday seekers thin when aquatics were in the ascendant in Port Jackson But a few years ago, people could ensconce themselves in man a whim nook contiguous to the scene of action But these spots have been invaded by the builder, and people appear to find it very much more comfortable to take steamer for one or other of the many romantic retreats now open to excursionists And from almost any part of the harbour quite as much of a regatta as is likely to afford delight can be seen as well, and perhaps better, than from the flagship or any point within its immediate vicinity In fact, the finest sight connected with aquatic sports is the vessels speeding along the gleaming waters under full sail One his to go down the harbour some distance to witness the sailing craft to perfection And comparatively few persons are in a position to follow the competing boats Then there is always a great drawback on account of the difficulty of distinguishing one boat from another Of course there are a few who have been inst ted, and who could point to each boat with accuracy. But to the bulk of those who witness a regatta, the boats and their owners are unknown Then there is always some confusion occasioned by the innumerable, and varied craft which rendezvous around the flagship and along the course The effect is as depreciating to the sports as would be an assem- Wage of equestrians with horses of various breed surround- ing the racers on the racecourse arena, and following them along the running ground These things cannot be helped, but they nevertheless tend to weaken the interest in the sports, although there are doubtless many other causes contributing to the same end Considering the many discouragements that are met with, it is gratifying to find that there are yet man who o penchant for amusements on the water is sufficiently strong to induce them to spend a considerable, amount of time and trouble reorganising a regatta, and that there are others who reciprocate their efforts by contributions in money for the prizes And for enterprise and unremitting zeal in this direction the Balmain Regatta committee must be accorded the place par excellence Scarcely any one will doubt the desirableness of encouraging aquatic pastimes Rowing and yachting are amongst those exercises which are the most pleasant and at the same time most invigorat- ing to the human frame of course, when carried on under the guidance of ph) zoological knowledge. And there is this, to be said in their favour, in the sight of a black- leg, a thunblo-riggcr, or an under-ond-ovoi gentleman would be not less remarkable than would be their absence from other sports which could be named There has ben questionable conduct among t the professional contestants at times, but very rarely Nearly everything has to be done above board," and it is not difficult for a skilful eye to detect imposture It is to be hoped therefore that the day may be far distant when equation. with cricket, and other manly amusements, will have to be removed from the category of legitimate sports ?" The promoters of the Balmain Regatta are justly deserv- ing of credit for the enthusiasm they display. a vo years ago they succeeded in getting an intercolonial amateur gig race , and they left no stone unturned in order to induce one or more rows from the other colonies agree to Otlublt their prowess in the waters of Port Jackson. But their efforts were ineffectual The excuse put forward by the Victorian rowers is certainly not very flattering to them their letter in reply to the invitation of Mr W K. Ch Spain is rather ambiguous. It informs us that the champion crew were asked, but with the exception of the stroke, none of them could come to Sydney. The reason they could not come is not furnished, but in explaining how it was that another crew could not be chosen to represent Victoria, the cat is lot out of the bag-" seeing that Melbourne had been a pro Seated at Sydney by one lndiQerent crow, the committee did not feel justified in trusting such another, and accordingly reported that they were unable to form a crew ' It was at the Balmain Regatta of 1871 that these intercolonial contests were inaugurated On that occasion Tasmania and Victoria were represented in these waters, and two crews from our Sydney Rowing Club met them The result was in our favour. The next match took place on the screen, when the Sydney men were again successful. On the next occasion the race was pulled on the Yarra, and Victoria beat us And it is very much to be regretted that we have not been afforded an opportunity of winning back the laurels Virtually, however, Sj Unoy has a perfect right to claim the championship, and if there is any doubt about it, a formal challenge would settle the question Turning to the events of yesterday, it may be remarked that the arrangements made by the committee left little to be desired Not a single foul occurred, and everything came off according to the programme There was some little barneying amongst the licensed watermen pulling two pairs of sculls, but the nature of the disagreement was not very apparent to the onlookers There were four entrances Twoot the boats that were inspected and condemned by the committee a day or two ago were actually brought up by their owners when the gun to '* got ready " was fired Of course the committee could not permit them to compete When disagreements de Danse at regattas it is generally amongst the professionals, and it might perhaps be worth while for future regatta committees to consider the propriety of allowing any boat of the class named on the programme to compete, and if only one comes up to the scratch to allow its occupants a pull over for the prize These remarks are made in ignorance of the cats belle of yesterday. For the amateur gig race only two crews, both furnished by the S R C. competed There was no first class yacht men owing to the fact that only two encored, and according to the rules three must enter or there is no race As will be noticed below, there were several splendid races, the whaleboat race and amateur gig race especially causing great excitement amongst the sp ctators. The following is a detailed statement of the events. r First Race -Skiff Dingies under canvas , boats not to exceed 19 foot, fixed centreboards of (his allowed , skiffs under 10 feet to receive one minute per foot Course From moorings off A, S, N, Co's Slip round Fort Denison, round flagship, round Fort Denison; and back to flagship. . First prize, £10 ; second, £2.. Entrance, 10s. - _ EMÍC S.H. Hyam, 18ft, J Desdemona-G. Holmes, 17 feet-Red fla: ... > ¿ Leisure Hour. O M vera, 17 foot.. 15 .. " Alice. Millsom, 19 feet Edith-E. Milsorn. 19 foot ' Article Ireland, TO foot, ' All the Unit, got away well together', Leisure Hour slightly bending with Ettie in close attendance. On the run down to Fort Denison Ettie took first place, and rounded the flagship followed by Leisure Hour, Dosdo mona, Edith, and Alice in the order named. After coming back from Port Denison the second time Ettie was still leading, and Desdemona had changed places with the Leisure Hour. Ettie won the race with 8 minutes to spare. Second Race-All amateurs pulling a pair of courts, in light skiffs. Course: From flagship round boat off Perkin's Point, round Dolphin on Pyrmont Bridge, and back to flagship. First prize, £10 ; second, £2. Entrance, CB. Burban. Trickett ... 1 Tannum, J. Lynch ,. .. 2 I'll Try, K. Colebrook .. 8 Tim Whiffler, V. Lyons . Terror, E. Shepherd. This was a very good race, but much of the interest was lost through two of the competitors mistaking the course. Lynch, who is said to be the champion sculler of Tasmania, went away with the laudable Trickett passed him at Perkins' Point, and hold the land until the finish. Lynch pulled a good second, Colebrook being third. Lyons and Shepherd rounded the wrong boat off Snail's Day, and consequently had no chance of too prize. Third Race. Amateur Sailing Club Ituc. Own handicap. Cottrtio: First-class From moorings in Johnston's Bay round red buoy off Fort Macquarie, round flagship, round boat moored off Shark Point, back to and round It ship. Second-class From moorings in Johnston's way round Fort Denison, round flagship, round boat moored off Shark Point, back to and round flagship. Third-class From moorings in Johnston's Bay round Fort Denison, round flagship, round Shark Island, back to and round Flagship. lVuo, £10, supplemented by a similar prize from A. S. Club. Entrance, 10s. riftS CLASS. Kingfisher-C. Bransby-scratch..- , 1 Firefly V. Melville 3 minutes .... , 2 Stormy Petrel- S. Dodds minute Sea Gulls. Blake-2 minutes - ' "" Wyvern. Rich-scratch Bilinto- J. B. Holdsworth 2 minutes. *.IiCO.\D-CI.AJä8. , , , Cynthia- F. Bremer-scratch ., , ,.. 1 Lunette-J. Harding-3 minutes ., ',, 2 Inca-J. Amorous minutes ' Corella. Robinson-4 minutes sidecars. Bcuk-4 minutes Cadet-H. Stephens-7 minutes. THIRD-CLASS. , , Undine-J. Hills-scratch .. ,. J Eneman- J. Mutton- scratch .. 2 Alice-J. Milson's minutes Kiuarnwn-H. Lane 2 minutes. The sixteen, boats starting away in a ruck the instant the signal was made presented a magnificent spectacle. la passing by the flagship Kingfisher had the lead, and she kept throughout the course, in rounding the flagship after it visiting the red buoy off Fort Macquarie, Kingfisher had a lead of about half a mile. Then followed Firefly, with Stormy Petrel to the rear. Of the second class boats, Cythin look her turn round the flagboat first, Lunette second, and Inca third. Kingfisher elmo in winning, with about eight minutes to spare ; Firefly second. In the second division, Cj this was a long way the id of liGr competitors ; but between Emma and Undina there was only a difference of about half a second. Fourth Race.-For Junior Scullers, who have never won a prize, members of the S. It. Club, pulling two pairs sculls, in S. R. C. skiffs, with coxswain. Course From Peacock's Point round flagship, round Dolphin oil Pyrmont Bridge, and back to flagship. Prize, trophies. Entrance, 10s. Faustus. "V. Abbott, M. H. Fitzhardinge 1 Rivulet F.R. Hall, F. H. Williams .... '-' Elvira-T. R. Bale, G. K. Clarke.. .. 3 The three competing boats got well away. together, but patted by the flagship in the following order Faust, Eh in a, Rivulet There was some fine pulling displayed by each of the crews. Abbutt's coxswain steered a flat-rate comic, end to his management a great deal of the success of this crew is to be attributed. Rivulet came in a good second. Fifth Race. Intercolonial Champion Gig Race.-For all bona-fide windows, that is, those who do not gain their living by manual labour, pulling four oars in string-test gigs, not exceeding 42 feet overall, with coxswain. Course: From Pyrmont Bridge, round Goat Island, round the hulk Golden South in Johnston's Bay, and back to flagship. Prize, trophies value £30. Entrance, £2 2s. Elvira-T. W. Smith, W. C. B. Tiley, R. A. Clark, P. J. Clark, stroke ; coxswain, L. M'Kay .. 1 Adelphi Beauchamp, W. Cope, M. A. H. Fitzhardinge J. Blaxland, stroke: coxswain, J. Miller 2 This should have been the leading event of the day, but owing to circumstances mentioned above, a great deal of the interest was lost. The Sydney Rowing Club, however, furnished two fine crews, with whom any intercolonial competitors would have found it a hard tussle. So much had been said about the two boats that the race was pulled in, each varied opinions were entertained as to their respective merits, that the movements of both were watched with great eagerness. Blaxland's crew pulled in a boat recently built by Green, whilst Clark's crew were fortunate in having a gig built by Greenland, of Melbourne. The latter gig was sent here by her builder as the fastest boat he could turn out, and Green has had the advantage of being able to see her daily, and improve on her model in constructing his own boat Green's boat is 42 feet in length ; width amidships, 2 feet 6 inches ; spread, 2 feet 11 inches ; seats apart, 3 feet 3 inch; poppets from seats, 11 inches ; depth from stem, 11 inches ; work above sent; 9 inches ; depth ft, 6 inches. These dimensions are less than the dimensions of any string-test hitherto built in the colonies by some inches. The Melbourne boat is much larger in every way except length. She is 42 feet long ; width amid- ships' feet 1 inch ; spread, 3 feet 4 inches ; seats apart, 3 feet inches ; poppets from seats, 4 foot 8-inch ; depth from stem, 119 inches ; work above. seat, 9 inches; depth forward, 6 inches; depth aft, 66 inches. Elvira led off, with slight odds laid in her favour. She passed the flagship about two lengths ahead of her competitor, the crew pulling a rather more rapid stroke than the Adelphi mon. Adelphi hung ' her stern under water very much which evidently caused her to lose ground and on passing round the Island she was about twelve seconds to the rear of her opponent. The Sydney boat was certainly too low forward. However well she might shape on the river or in smooth water, she is ill adapted for lumpy water such as prevailed yesterday. The more strenuous were the efforts of her crew, the more the dipped. The Melbourne; boat hold her nose well up. On passing the flagship a second time, it was evident that the Sydney boat had not a ghost of a chance. The course was pulled over in 26 minutes 26 seconds, Elvira winning by about six minutes. Sixth. Race-All X yachts under 15 tons; handicapped (scaled) by the Committee. Course : From moorings in Johnston's Bay round boat off Manly, round flagship, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, and back round flagship. ' First prize, £30 ; second, £10. Entrance, £2 2s. lone, 6 tons-F. J. Jackson .... 3 Eva, 7 tons-C. Medcalf and J. Blackman ,, .. 2 ' Osprey, 6 tons W. G. Kirchner 3 Australian, 7 tons-E. E. Smith . - Torment, 2 tons-J. R. Walters At starting, Osterley lost a chance of the race through the signal to start being given before she had taken up her moorings and then she was on the wrong took, and did not get; away for four or five minutes after the others and by that time they were pretty nearly abreast of the flag ship. Reno was the first, to show in front, being closely followed by Eva and Osprey. These three held on the stretch until clear of Bradley's Head. Torment and Australian had to make a board from North Shore to Fort Macquarie, and then went off in chase of their competitor!,. Australianhovy"CV?r dropped Torment on the way down. They rounded the boat on ular.! via the order named. When coming tack both home and Eva managed to lay up without tacking. Osprey and Australian were c-Oinpolled^ to go about at George s Head, and Torment followed Seat when off George's Beach. On passing Bradley's Head iuO Osprey', was very close upon loco ; but, owing to some delay in setting her balloon jib, lone again got away from her, and was never afterwards caught. Australian gave up off the Cove in the first round, and Torment shortly at towards did the same when off the same place. The winner was sailed by her owner. They came in in the following order : 1 ' 'it. M. s. I love'., ;. 4 25 40 I Eva.. 4-31 40 Osprey .. -1 39 20 [ The handicap was a sealed one, and was not published until some time after the race. It was as follows Aus- tralian, scratch; lose, one minute; Eva, one minute; i Torment, one minute; Osprey, three minutes. done, I therefore, won by five minutes. Seventh Race.-For licensed watermen, pulling two pairs sculls in licensed watermen's boats, to be approved by the committee. Course : As No. 2. First prize, £15 ; second, £6. Entrance, 10s. Galatea-J. Dunnott, M. O'Brien 1 Betsy-R. Green,E.O'connell ,. 2 Blanche-H. Reynolds, II. Thrussell Phoebe-J. Candlish, J. Wall. A considerable amount of delay was occasioned through some mistake or misunderstanding on the part of the pro- fessionals, and the result was that Betsy and Galatea were the only boats that started. The competing boats had a good start, but before the first 200 yards had been rowed the Newcastle men had a good lead of two boats' lengths, and came in apparently easy winners by about twelve or fourteen yards. Eighth, Race. - Champion Race, for all' sailing skiffs under canvas ; fixed centreboards and was allowed ; skiffs under 22 feet to receive one minute per foot " Course : From moorings in Johnston's Bay round Shark Island, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back round flagship. First prize, £12, and trophy, valued; second, £5. Entrance, £1 1s. Othello,' 22 feet, G. Holmes ... , , .', 1 Faerie Queen, 22 feet, S. H. Hyam .... 2 Hope, 22 feet, F. Hays. , " r/ 7, There was not much excitement mamfestect'm true result of this event. Othello led off, and kept premier position throughout the course, coming in about 200 yards ahead of Faerie Queen, , 'Ninth Raes. Gig Race, for all amateurs, pulling four cars in string-test gigs, not exceeding 42 foot overall, with coxswains. Course: From Pyrmont Bridge round boats off Perkins's Point, round Goat Island, and back to flag ship. Prize, £20. Entrance, £1. Arrow R. Ireland, S. Drennan, P. Mahoney, F. Punch; Ireland, coxswain .. 1 Scrambler-"1'' Murray, li. Macdonald, J. Rogers, J. Denis; "J Winer,coxswain .... -2 Horatio. Roderick, O, Welsh, W. Bull, C. Bullivant; J. M'Kny, coxswain ,. a 3 All three boats got away well together, but Arrow soon showed to the front and passed the flagship well ahead of Scrambles, with Horatio not far behind. In rounding Goat Island the Arrow steered too wide, and the coxswain of the Horatio, which was barely a length behind, took advantage of of the mistake by cutting inside and passing her. The Arrow, however again took first place before reaching the winning point, and won the race with very little to spare. ? Tenth Race Fishing Boats under canvas (Some allow once, 1 minute foot) no boat to exceed 24 feet in length. Course: From moorings in Johnston's Bay round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round flagship and Shark Island, and back round flagship. First prize, £20 ; second, is; third, 363. Entrance, £1., \Vyvc-rn,24-foct-II. P. Rich ... 1 VonnpJitn, 23ft J. Gooud .... 2 After Dark Once, 22 feet-T. Bates.. .. , 3 Star of Hope, 22 feet. Kosh Hope, 22 feet-G. Newton Kingfisher, 21 feet C. S Bransby Native Belle, 22 foot-J. Smith Fire fly, 24 feet-W. B. Melville Stormy Petrel, 23 feet-S. Dodds . Meiiniiid,23 feet-J. Humphries Big Ben)-, 23 feet. Templeton. There were ten boats entered for' this event, but unfortunately the Kingfisher, when holding a prominent position in the race off K iribili Point, carried away her mast and was towed back by the yacht Alick. After returning from the lightship Wyvern rounded the flagship first with Young Jim second and followed by After Dark, Native Rose and Star of Hope in the order given, the others all behind. No diOcreneo took place in the positions of the loading boats during the remainder of the race, Wyvern passing the flagship about 2 minutes ahead of Young Jim. Star of Hope finished fourth. Eleventh Race.-For all amateurs who have never won a public prive, pulling two pairs sculls, in light skiffs. Course: As No. 2. First prize, £12 ; second, 3. Entrance, 10s. The Whither P. Tierney, R. Brown .. 1 Barb-R. Johnson, W. Morando .. 2 Bending Sturgis. Deering, A. Roderick 3 Native-J. Hughes, W. Jenkins Quickstep-II. Pearse, W. Easton. Tierney and Brown were looked upon as the probable winners of this race, and they pulled in a manner which proved that the confidence reposed in them by their friends was not misplaced. They drew away from their opponents shortly after the start, and retained the lead until the con clusion of the contest. Barb secured second place, and Leading Star third. Twelfth Race. Whaleboat Race, pulling five oars (any description). Boats not to exceed 30 feet overall, and not less than 6 feet beam, and 2 feet deep. Course: From flagship round boats off Perkins Point, round Dolphin off Pyrmont Bridge, round boats off Perkins Point, round Dolphin, and back to flagship. Prize, £50. Entronco, 25g. Native ROBC, B. Burnett's crew 1 Right A huge, E. Trickett, Lyons, J. Dunnett, J. M'Lc-er, li. O'Connor; Stecrunui : F. Hayes .. 2 Thistle, Artillery Crew : H. Lynch, W. Haywood, J. Long, W. Ingall, A. B. Gibson ; J. Favour, among- - they.. .... 3 This was the most exciting contest of the day, the interest of the spectators being kept up from start to finish. The soldiers had the misfortune to get ashore on the reef running out from Balmain Point shortly after the start, and although the by managed to get their boat floated again they were too far behind to have any hope of securing the prize. They however got underway again, and pulled a plucky stern race. The other two boats kept close together throughout, the Right Whale loading by about a couple of lengths from the start until after rounding the Dolphin at Pyrmont Bridge, when Burnett's crew, amongst which was the veteran Dick Green, began to show that they did not intend to lose the prize without a struggle. They gradually drew on to the leaders: boat until reaching the Company's Works, when they were side and tide, and from there a desperate struggle took place. When within a few yards of home Burnett's men put on a tremendous spurt, and barely won the race, amidst the enthusiastic cheers of the onlookers. Thirteenth Race. Gig and dingy. Prize, £3. Gig of less than 22 feet ; dingy to keep in open water. Time, 15 minutes. Entrance-gig, 2s. 6d. ; dingy Is. Gig W. Bruce Dingy-A. Roderick. This event caused the usual amount of achievement and after a good deal of f dodging, the dingy man was compelled to jump overboard, and was immediately afterwards followed and captured by the bowman of the gig. 