VISITS TO OUT OF THE WAY GOLD-FIELDS. [BY A TRAVELLING MINER. ] No. V.-UPPER ADELONG. LEAVING Reedy Flat, and its very friendly inhabitants, by a slippery truck over the rnugo, dividing the waters of the Gilmore from those of the Adelong Creeks, the township, or something approaching thereto, of Upper Adelong, is reached in four miles, on about as great a break-neck road as can be imagined. To persons coming off good roads and level country, Adelong and Reedy Flat will appear to such as possessing the most horrible and most dangerous of tracks. A horse to get along up this part requires to be thorough mountain bred, or must have survived a long apprenticeship to get along without coming done "jumpus." sharp side- lings, steep slippery pinches to mount, and bogs, stones, and races to avoid - give your horse as much as he can do to get along safely. The rough-coated horse seen up hero is a wonderful thing-the way he manages to carry a man over the many difficulties every track is I full of, and in the dark night, is a matter of surprise, I and in a cantor, too, and yet nobody seems to get hurt. The track from Reedy Flat to Upper Adelong is one full of dangers ; yet constantly travelled over, and in the darkest night. Upper Adelong is the ghost of what it was. A few years ago it could boast of a good population hotel, store &c.;, but there is a change. The creek, the main seat of work, is now one vast mass of stones and tail ings ; while, where its banks stood are now immense chasms - here and there once- favourite points-the bare rock alone remains, while piled up, in perfect order, are tons upon tons of boulders and fossikings." Years ago, when the creek was supposed worked out, a small parly sat in on a piece of spare ground on the left hand bank of the crcek, and found a run, or lead of gold, running through their ground. The claim of this party joined at its lower end the site on which stood Mr. Watson's extensive range of buildings, and they worked every foot of ground in their claim, only leaving off when Watson's post and rails surrounding the buildings began to "shake." At the termination of lower end of Watson's ground, large quantities of the precious metal was also found. These discoveries, of course, added considerably to the value of Watson's property-a nice little piece measuring four acres. Numerous offers were made for the ground, buildings and all, but refused-business was then flourishing. Times having considerably changed, and a largo popu- lation gone, Mr. Watson has commenced to takedown his extensive range of buildings, and is now making rather extensive preparations to ground-sluice the whole of his valuable four acres. Building after build- ing is being removed, and now the ground on which once stood a well built comfortable hotel, holds the race of water employed to do the work. The water used is the creek itself, dammed up to a height sufficient to work the ground. In ground-sluicing the cleaner the water can be obtained the more efficient does it become for the purpose, the creek, receiving as it does the tail water from a few claims now at work higher up, holds a quantity of mud, or, as it is termed, "sudge." A rather ingenious plan is adopted by Mr. Watson to free the water he uses of a large portion of its sludge, at intervals, his race is widened out so as to form a basin, in the bight of this basin, or " bay," as it is termed, is placed a strong flood-gate ; the whole of the stream entering into the basin whirls round, depositing much of its mud during the time it is therein contined, and ultimately-escapes iuto the race to meet again another basin before it enters with the race which will conduct it into tho workings. During dinner hour, and in portions of the morning and afternoon, the flood- gates are oponed, when the sludge is carried off down the creek. The plan is very simple, economical and efficient. Thu ground is about ten foot deep, and the many boulders, stones, and drift, in very regular layers, are the chief indications of the lead underneath As far as prospects go they are encouraging, and, indeed, rich, and it is the hope of all hands in the neighbourhood that Mr. Watson will meet with the rownrd his perse- verance justly merits. Proceeding up the creek for a short distance, Corbett and party's claim comes into view, situated high up on the left hand bank. An excellent supply of water enables them to work ground which has proved very payable, notwithstanding the many hindrances they frequently meet with in the shape of land-slips. Corbett and party's claim is doubtless situated on the same run of gold passing through Wat- son's lease ; but time only can prove which is the richest portion of tho two. Above Corbett, a party of Chinese are busy at work, who, if report speaks correctly, got £200 worth of gold in a couple of weeks. Those three claims may be named as the chief gold producers at Upper Adelong. There are a few other parties at work higher up on a small scale. This portion of the creek, on which Upper Adelong is situated, is a branch of the main Adelong Creek, junc- tioning at another thinly populated place, known as Middle Adelong, situated some five miles lower down. The road to this place, after passing through " Chinkey Town,'' a hideous lot of dirty Chinese huts, all sadly in want of the purifying fire-stick, follows the creek down for a short distance, then suddenly wheels off to the left over broken ridges, and, to the satisfaction of the traveller, joins the Tumbarumba road, a level cleared track, some two miles from Middle Adelong. Here I find a large suw mill, store, and the remains of an hotel -and some indications of a once populated neighbour- hood. Following up the main branch of the creek, I was much surprised to observe that the bcd of thoe creek, banks, and most of its tributarios, had been worked for fully a distance of six miles, while the numerous comfortable liltle huts dotted here and there along the banks, show that spots are still found to pay. Up hill the whole way, the same country to travel over, big stones and races- races and big stones, and sidelines to be caieful of-a slip of your horse's feet will send you rolling down the hill, or, perhaps, land you on the roof a hut, whose site is dug ont of the hill side beneath the track. Soma five or six miles travailed over in this way, over a hilly and not unromantic country, brings us on to Mitchell and party's ground sluicing claim. This claim, and the one adjoining (Cottam's), are certainly worth a visit, as being the only claims worked by hydraulics. The termination of the race is a box, fitted with a hose, into which the water passes. The extremities of this hose is held by one of the party, who, directing it towards the face, some 15 feet deep, discharges against it the powerful force issuing from the hose, in the shape of a jet of water. The effects of this simple piece of mechinism are extraordinary. Large blocks of soil previously undermined by the diverted stream, fall with amazing promptitude, while the discharged water serves to wash everything away into the channel and tail-race. The ground operated upon, being generally speaking of a poor description, would pay nothing if worked in the usual ground-sluicing plan. An immense average is washed and curried away annu- ally by the hydraulic principle, in this claim. The claim is situated high upon the bunk, immediately under the once celebrated '' White Dog" reef. During wash- iug up time, two boys are employed to pick out and examine all quartz boulders in the race ; if any of these show gold, they are thrown on one side and afterwards crashed. One ton lately saved in this way yieldod loz 17dwt. The White Dog Reef is a large body of pure, white quartz, on which somo capital has been invested in the way of sinking, but owing to the difficulty and expense of carting to the Adelong Reefs, no stone has been obtained sufficicntly rich to pay. Beyond Mitchell's claim, the main Adelong Creek has been worked, which paid those then engaged very handsomely. Cottam and party are about half a-mile further up. An hydraulic claim also. This party having leased ground on the Bago side of the range, have caused sume little stir up here, but, perhaps, made and talked of too much-more than it in reality deserves. Cottam's claim and their new lease, will receive future notice. The Tamworth Examiner has news to the 1st Instant from the Mole Table Land. Messrs. Black and Brown have let their ground on tribute to some men from Stanthorpe, more familiarly known on the creek as the Frenchman and party. This will make a stir, as the "Chef" is an energetic man, who will go in for working the ground with a large body of men. There are marked trees from this place to almost every known tin ground about this locality. Durkin White and party are doing well at Binghl Downfall. There is also some good ground near Niagara falls and Sandy Creek. 