LIG 1T ItEALUING kAi young bnusbandl calls- his wife " Birdie,' betause, he say.s,she is always associated-in his mind with-a bill. " I came rifwith flying colors,'"as the painter said when he fell from.the ladder, with a palette on.his thumb.. "Jo-bh. Billings says ::" I have. often been-told that the best way is. to take a bull by the horns ~but I think, in many instances, L should prefer the tail hold." A L.-isville man.has been troubled by a visit from. the- ghost of his first wife He did not see the- ghitsi' face,.but he knows it ma-t have- been her, because she- marched straight- to the pantry, and went for the wedding-cake the perfidious .an. had' prepared, for. his second marriage. Some questions very naturally suggast themselves to- an- inquiring mind.. An ama'eur farmer- wonders, " why,. on all thi- fair earth,.the grounds is spread bot tom-side up,. so that it must- be turned over with a plough before crops. can-be -raied." The St: uis=Denmoa: prints-the.fol lowing btautful lines of as poem. of twelve verses on- The- Streets of St. G" see what havre sawn,. Go f-el what I have felt;: Go out at early dawn,. And smell what I have smelt." " He fell down dead,. and expired- in two minnrea,' says a Georgia paper of the death of a negro. Prrfesor Wilder, of Cornell Unive - sity, devotes a quarter of a column in ooe - f the journals to tell awhat "e-.,ple sJI h d do in case of an accident, when a half do zen words would do it. What to do in ease of accidents is very simple: Send the particulars to the papers.. "Set op" and "Upset-": An Indiana paper describes the feist of a iegialative delegation ata railway- dinner. The re porter is a little reckless in hi.a grammar, but he narrates the facts in ,he ca'e very pointedly:. "The delegation` set at 2 p.m.. They upset at 5."' \- Adjunsment.- Bolt nuker (who has a deal of trouble- with this.c.o-toe er),-" I think,.sir,. if you:were-to cit your corns Ii eould more ea.ily.find.youn a pair-? ' Choleric Old. Gebitleman-" taut my corns,, sir !.-Fask yiu tr fit.ram a pair of boots, to my feet ir r -I'in. not going to plane my feet down. to fit your boutsi! A- severe- treat.--Al man who: had his new bat exchanged f6r an old one id i barber'sshop;, advertises that unless it is returned Lie will frw;relt- tlte wife ul the person. who, tank it the- Ihtter fouild concealed ii the UIniig?lfithe old one. -A eockney sportsman,bhaving vowed, to ihis-wife to. bring b,moe a hare kided by himse:f, and not being able to dispatch (,o.e by by tl;e aidof lhis gun, bought one and tied it witlh-astring to-a tree. Then placing himself at an ea-y distance, he riised his guin todhiasshoulder, took aim, and. fired,. when to his- h,.rror the hare made eff.as hard. as it could-the string only having been cut !' An Amnerican .paper says that a young lady, who, isworth 30.00,tlollars, recently refused to,'narr, a clergyman because she thought she was-a.ufit to be the wife of a minister. Hethen.abandoned his sacred calling and proposed again. The second time ehe.refused hip offer on the ground thata'se-ass too good to marry. a m'n who would-throw away his clerical robes to wili a woman's- hand. ' The Fun iof the liarce.-I, is related that the manager e,La threatre con-ented t,.btar in.his aaectum a young man (whll had an uriforitunate hesitation ill hi speecb);read, a. short farce, the sole con nitian being that it should not occupy more time than it took to finish the cigar .the.emaiager had just lit. Awsy tney both starte ,.t;ie one reading,.the other smok i?g, but as the. mild Hlavana reacl.es its trminnition,.the worse the young author splutters;.they finish togett:er. Of co.nree the q!estio,n is immediately put. " What do, yu think:,f it ' \Vell," replies ir .\lana'er. " out half a bad idea ;- father, mother. lover, danehter, all stuttering, will- ave a novel. fttect." Tie authlor, furious, exclaias, "'They don't stammer;. it's only mtoy misfortunee."' " Oh, then,. the play ani't funny at all;. sorry Lcao't accept,' repllied the maniager.. B:echer ini the Crow.-Mr Beecher makes the following remarks about the cr 'w :-" Aside from the epecial qpuestiu, of pro-fit anti loss..as have a warnm side towards the or-,w, lie is .o niuch like ,,ur •elves. He Is cunning, and that is hutumn. H4,: takes advantage , £ those weaker thLan tImsell, and that is mIulokd ! lie is sly, aild hides for to-roirrow what he catn't eat to- day,. elt?wing a real humtan pro vidence.. lie leares- tricks much faster itha he does uIseful thitgs, showin-g a true boy nature. lie thinks limi own colour the best, and loves to hear his own voice, which are entirely human traits. He will nIever work when hIt catn goet another to work fur hitm,-a genuine human trait. He cats waatever lie can I-y his claws upou, and is lees mischievous with a full ct?rmach than when hungry, and that is like miau. He t at war with all living di thi-gs except his own kit.d, and with irthem when te hak nnt!ing elset trrn. Na 'w.-nder iin .:ie isre crws. They are taoo hmuechllik men. Take ,~f their wing', slan pu :hten inh t-b:ea"es and crr,? Sw.uid ie fatr aver-ge men. Give nmen wings, and red~ e ttheir smart n*-* a lile-. ?,i - man y "fth;em rwoI.ji be aimist 1god elnl,'g.m ta. be -r.ews.' Oli negr' slo.nbe inag wi his feet e pointing nt a glinimeriug flre. Opens one eye and gets a glimpse of them, as they lan I up-in the ubse"uity. Mistake them for two little negroes. cries: s "Gif fam 'fore me." and relapses into sleep. After a while opens the other eye, and still seeing the intraders, says. ""Gf fm 'fore, I say : I kick you in de fire if 3o don't, she' "-and again he snores. Hir dreas n it being pleasaa: he opens bthb eyes. e antd still eeinthe little pests, he d aws a up his feet ifr the threatened kick, rut e is alsrmed to see the enemy airai-ce y upon him..and exclaism, " Wha', where t y.u comin'to now 1 Humph ! my own a f.,, by rolly,' A good story is- told of a well-known SEpiscopal bishop of an American diocese. Se arefrain from giving the name, from ap 5Ipreciable motives of delicacy. The bishopis a very staid, glum sort of a good man, and the last one in the world to enjoy a joke, Sespecialnrly one on himself. A aish friend, meeting him the other day in a car, after a reference to his high-chureh prineciles : " "Why, bishop, -I heard that on Easter you ape red in your pulpit.with a crown and a ." "What L exclaimed the bishop, ain astonishaent. " onsense You know f bettor?."- " Ye" a lied.the other, "with. Sa.crown onyor head and a palm in your ihaand." "It is a slibel ! Who could have stated-such a story ?' responded the distin Sni?ashed.prelate,.warmly. "But. pshaw: it as idle to talk about it; itis s so absurd." ¶The conversation was changed, but the bishop did' not forget his friend's words ; they preyed. on his mind and worried him ; he-was afraid the libellious, atrocious report should-et.into the papers, and then it would become a popularly. accepted fact which there would be no denying. He sought his friend-sext day at his office, for. the purpose ollearning the origin of the .outrageous story. but the other, who is considerablyof. a wag, sorely vexed the spirit of the accom-. plished prelate before he would make any satisfactory explanation, and then,.with a laugh and a twinkle of.the eye, he exclaim ed :-" Why, bishop, haven't you a crown on your head, and a palm in your hand? See?" The bishop was so much pleased with the explanation that he succeeded in raising a laugh; though the expression of fierce solemnity that sett ed on his features as he left shorty after, leads his friends to believe that he did. not thoroughly enjoy the joke. The American journals are now occupied not only in recording the movements of the fashionable world to and from the cuarious watering places, but in cllroniclia: those, of what, with a prefcran:e for hornely nomenclature, they choose to call the "potato- nug.' This engrasiag insect cuts a. great.figure in their columns, and many in teresting-tales of his habits and proceedings are given. He seems, among-,ther remark able characteristics, to be admirably adapted for sending about by post for the gratifica tion and instruction of absent friends. This isa meritiorious quality, since "les petits cadeanx entretienneut l'amitie." The agricultural editor" of a New York paper has been favoured with a gift of five bugs. which arrived in a small box, and seems quite to have won his respect by the forti tude with which they bore the personal in convenience consequent on being sent as a. present by post. They were on first start ing provided with a very small potato lear, which, he observes, must have satisfied their wants ut a few seconds. The provision has not beenrenewed, yet they have bravely lived-on for- a fortnight, doubtless actuated by afeeling of responsibility to their sender. What. doubtless argues a conscientious bug, is the use of. being sent as a delicate atten tion from one friend, to another if you can't contrive to live? Sei?'tLME OF AMERICA N NEwPe-sP- RE PosrTI?.- couple of does were having a dispute on the opposite side of a slab fence on High-street the other morning, when one of them, letting his valour get the better of his discretion, plunged his head through the slab in hope of nipping his antagonist. That was whae' ha msal the :nistakc ; the head went through nicely but would not pull back. The other pup, seeing his foe was in chancery, leisurely commenced eating up the front part of his head and ears; There was "music in the air" about that time, and the yelping brought the juvenile owner to the rescue. He took in the situa tion at once, and freezing on to. the dog's tail, and bracing against the fence, he pullel his lesel best. For a moment it was doubt fal which would give way first, the tail, the head, orthe picket; but with a dual surge, the boy brought away the jpup minus the biggest part of both ears. The first jump that that dog- made was something over 20 feet, and.with a wail of grief he disappeared round the corner.-.\orh i, igewater (.mam,.) Press. A Two C.er Doe -The other day a two cent dog sprang from an alley, closely followed by a five cent brick Rounding the corner atrigh tangles he came into contact with th: feet of a Ilutch woman, who was carrying ajug of molasses in one hand and a basket of -ggs in the other 'lie sudden collision of the dog with her lower extremities thlr w her trom her feet, I and she sat ldown upo:. the Ibasket of cggs, at the s.une time breaking the jug of t'ol a.sses upon the pltvcment. A young gentleman. carpet nug in hand, anxious to crtbh the train, was runiing- close ,,e hhid, andi stepping on the lfragments ofthe jug and its contents sit down on the che.-t of tihe Dutch wosan, who said " \inn Got." The young man sail something about mad dog, but in tile exe-temet said it Ibackiwarls In tile umean time the dog ran against the feet. of a t:eam- of horses atttlchnl d toa hasid of l)itatt)es, and they taking fright started fur hlme. I he end board Ib ing. out tlhey unnl,,ded the pot:ato-s along lhe street is they went. Crossing the nrailvway track thei waggo eaught in thie rails ant' tore one of them fromu its phltce. A ireight trin was costiug alonlg a few. i milluSs- Liter, was thlrouwll froil tile track, salsshisng. pa (,ze:il Cuers, anmd killig. thirty or fbrty hugs. The horses on rciehiag hbeon ra.i through the banrl-yatr., aind overturned a nilui-p)ail and c-o tents, whiclh onuther two cent dlog licked upl. One of the horses having broken his legwass killed. this moruing, aind the other is crippllcd for life. It is Inow a oIloted qutstion whithler the l:IanI who threw the brick ati the two cenit dog, or tile mnin whslo owi:s it. is responsil ,l Iior the ch..pter of-accite:.ts thl:t lullhwci. comne thiuk they do.-j.tchinmod Joursau. 