The Land. Oub private advices from London speak of the wool iiabkbt in the following terms :— 'The wool market is easy, and prices will no doubt be good at the February sales, and I am in hopes that the Trench will be in force, as the new Uom ibercial Treaty is likely to prove unworkable.' Messrs. Jacomb, in their circular, furnish a tabu lar statement compiled from the catalogues of the wool offered at the London colonial sales of 1871 72, from which some important facts are obtain able concerning the wool trade. It shows that while the quantity of wool offered by auction during 1872 was 93,-KX) bales less than in the preceding year; the money value increased for the smaller quantity more th.au £2,000,000— that is to say from j£l5.000,000 to £l 7,000,000, which may be considered the accurate value of the colo nial clip : — Bales. £ Bales. £ tSydncy .. 146.G75 2,932,880 126,774 3,296,124 Victoria .. 214,418 4,288,360 192,235 4,998,110 Tasmania .. 16,720 314,520 14,634 380,484 Adelaide '.. 66,369 J.328,000 700,59 1,831,931. New Zealand .. 110,474 2/209,480 102,177 2.656,602 SwanKivw .. 4,884 O7,6S0 5,557 144,482 Cape., ., 117.381 2,347,620 127,790 3,322,510 675,927 13,518,540 639.626 16.'!30,270 BesaU* .. 76,321) 1,526,580 l!),33:l ;-!)2.G-8 752,2-56 £15,015,120 658,959 £17.132,931 These comprise tie sales of 15 brokers : Balme, Edinborough, Jacomb, Simes, and Hughes disposr ing of the largest quantities. The value per bale in 1871, according to the statement referred to, was i20; and £26 iu 1872 : being a rise of 13 per I cent. It seems that these gentlemen and their consti tuents, the buyers, are alarmed at the combination taking place in these colonies amongst the growers. Their gaius being in jeopardy, they must combine too— or rather re-combine— for it was to defeat the previous concerted action on their part tliat , made it necessary for the growers to look more, sharply after their own interests. A writer in the European Mail says : — The buyers -«t the London and Colonial wool sales hold 5n London, alwined at Ike sale of wool (it Melbourne with «ut tmy allowance lor draft, have exclaimed against ' the innovation,' '? and on December 2 they held a meeting at the tale room to give expression to their views upon the subject. There was % large' attendance, but I cannot say whether all present were bi^vers. Anyway, before the clwuiuan open 3d the proceedings, there was quite a Babel of tongues, i'.n1 Germans, Frenchmen, and Belgians were nil talking to gether, and with such a considerable amount of muscular ? action as really to astonish 'the cool Anglo-Saxon observer. '.There were a few brokers present, watching the proceedings ?with an air of unconcern, and hero and there were n fuw brokers' clerks, who bad evidently been sent ' to report lirogiuse.' - According to Mr. Moore, the chairman,the matter was one for the buyers. Itwas their rights that were threatened. The growing fraternity at the Cape were quiet enough on the subject, if not 'in the buyers' favour,' and the only parties to be dealt with were a few cantankerous gentlemen ' con nected with Australia— Melbourne and Sydney in particular,— who had distinguished, themselves toy their most profound ignorance- of the trade.' But supposing these*, few gentlemen succeeded in abolishing ' draft,' he put it to the buyers what they would do, and by way of quickening their decision he gave them his advice. ' There is but one course to pursue, namely, not to bid for any wool where the draft is not allowed.' So 1iien we are in for a struggle* for this is precisely the course marked* out fyy the growers— to sell the bale at the scale weight without addition or . subtraction. In estimating the issue we have of -course to consider whose necessity will lead them to give in first — whether the' buyer can get on longest without the* wool, or the grower without the money. Supposing the Aus tralian gentlemen were united in this matter Cape wool would go up, that is certain ; but the London buyers would find it queer work to satisfy tbeir needs and keep their machinery going with 127,790 bales in place of 639,&26. Mr. Jowitt, one of the speakers, and a large buyer, referred the meeting to the memo rial protesting against the proposed changes, and signed last year by 469 buyers, including the leading, firms in England and abroad — conjured them to maintain the atti tude' then assumed. It was then stated that the buyers would firmly resist all attempts to abolish draft, and should they now draw back? He said further: — The meeting, and all the gentlemen who signed that ?document, were now called upon to show that their wgnu tnros wire not be treated us so much waste paper, and that they dared the merchants connected with the Australian colonies to carry out thoir intention. If it was right for tbe sdJerE to siy they would not sell without draft, it was ?equally right for the buyers to say they would not buy ?without draft. (Loud and continued applause.) At oue time it was tried to abolish the draft in the tea trade, but ihd buyers resisted it, and the tea trade continued as hereto fore. That he considered was *good precedent for the buyers in the wool trade to act in a similar way. As the time of the meeting 'WBB short, and as his own views were tolerably well ucptmrd in the resolution he had to submit to the meeting, he would lore no time in proposing- it He then moved, — ' That the ? buyers ? here present distinctly announce their adherence to the memorial to the importers, dated Decem ber 1871, which was signal by 469 firms, including nearly ? ? all the English and foreign buyers, whereby they expressed thrir determination to resist any attoinpt'to abolish draft, ?«jn three grounds: — 3. Because it has been a custom ever :«ncc the Cotmuatiqn of th« colonial wool trade. 2. Because draft, or as -equivalent for Hn*t, is allowed not only on -wonl, tat also on every article of produce sold by public auction. .3. Because, on account of the allowance for draft numberless claims for suiier-tares and Bhort-weighte are foregone which would otherwise be pressed, and if pressed would entail much trouble both on buyers and brokers. Understanding that an attempt mav shortly be made by the Australian woolgrovrers to abolish this allowance, the buyers here present resolve that they will decline to bid for any wool Unit may 1*: ofterud without the customary allowance for 4raft.' __ Mr. Bhodes, of Bradford, seconded the resolu tion. In support of it Mr. Joachim said :— The matter was clear enough to all who would give it a ' moment's consideration. The buyer, in bidding for wool at a rale, had to bid for a bale ; in each bale there was a certain quantity of moisture, and, to protect themselves against losses arising from this, it was nothing but right ttatthey should be allowed the draft, which, generally speaking, only amounted to 1 per cent. He was well aware that in Germany they had recently been selling wool with out i;ny allowance f r draft ; but were the buyers in the lai-geEt metropolis in the world going to take their instruc tions and regulations from foreigners ? He thought not, and was of opinion that the buyers who attended the Lon don sales would still retain their 1 per cent, and on no occasion bid for any wool where the draft was not allowed. It gave him great pleasure to support the resolution, and if only the buyers united and stood their ground, he had no ' hesitation in Baying that they would come off victorious. — M. I'ierrard,add]-essing the meeting in French, said there was no doubt (his question was one of thegrcatest importance, not only to the English buyers, but also to those who attended from the Continent, and he would urge them in one united body to give in- their adherence to the resolution. He hoped that when put to the meeting, it would be unanimously adopted,, ana that the brokers would support them in their vicuh. Among the Continental buyers there Avererepre KcntutiveK of the largest leading houses, and as he knew thiti the English buyers were all influential gentlemen, he little feared but that, united in oue coninion body, they would win ihe day, and continue to receive that allowance for diuft which had been granted them since the establish ment of the tales. These resolutions were carried with acclama tion, and we now see clearly what the buyers mean. Their attitude of defiance is, however, better to be understood than their logic. Those know very well who have studied ' The good old rule, the simple plan That they should take who have the power And they should keep who can,' how the affair will end unless some compromise be determined upon. ' The equatters, who are in England,' writes a London .correspondent, 'are much annoyed with the merchants and brokers that they do not abclibh the deduction of one pound per cent, for draft, wlrich is an unequal tax, pressing as it does most heavily on the best got up clips, and I understand they are intending to bring some powerful pressure to bear upon the merchants. But,' says the eame writer, than whom none knows better the ins and outs of the wool trade, 'the great evil of the trade is in allowing the brokers to buy as well as sell, even at their own ?sales, for Ithey are so well paid by the buyers, who can afford to be liberal when they get bargains and knockouts,. and are so much under their per sonal influence, that some eight or ten of the largest buyers dictate all the terms of sale. The brokers, wlun they buy and sell, are not free agents.' The Conference delegates did one good thing before they separated in agreeing to request the Home Government to charge the Is. duty per gallon on colonial wines of 35 degrees of proof spirit in place of 26 degrees : since, as it now stands, the duty precludes the importation in England of the most suitable class of Australian wines. If this request should be granted the way will be opened for a considerable business, for already there are sigtt6of a perceptible change of opinion in respect of Australian vintages. Our wines will in time be esteemed the proper sauce for our meats. The prayer of the memorialists will not be to remove the duty in favour of the colonies. While we tax English-made beer that would never do ; but inasmuch as we do not apply the alcoholic test to beers, we ask that this test shall not be applied to our wines. Tbe duty either side as for revenue is not to be complained of. . ? 'Ihe New South Wales Agricultural Society re ceives a lesson from the societies of Victoria and Adelaide in the matter of winb. 1'or the forthcoming wine show at Melbourne it is decided that the bottle or bottles put in by the exhibitor must represent 50 dozen of the vintage competing. In Adelaide, where the wiue trade has obtained large proportions, each exhibit of bottled wine is required to represent 100 dozen in stock, whilst bulk exhibits were to consist of 500 gallons each. This was the position first taken by our Society, and there is much reason to regret a departure from it If no stipulation is made as to the quantity in hand the prize 'may bring out some very choice wines,' as the Australasian says, but will be wholly inoperative in developing wine production. The neighbouring societies are clearly therefore with the Sydney wine stewards in this matter, and opposed to the council. Amongst the recent science Announcements in the English papers is to be found one of great importance relative to the power of various sub STANCHS IN PEEVENTINfr POTBEFACriOW and the development of 'protoplasmic' and fungus life. The agents of which Dr. Galvert principally speaks are those known to him in the course of his experi mental researches, namely :— Agents which pre vent the development of protoplasmic and fungus life ; these are carbolic and cresylic acids. Agents which prevent the production of vibrio life, but do not prevent tbe appearance of fungus life ; these are chloride of .zinc and -bichloride of mercury. Agents which permit the production of vibrio life, but which prevent the appearance of fungus life — sulphate of quinine, pepper, turpentine, and prussic acid. Agents, in the fourth place, which do not prevent the appearance of either proto plasmic or fungus life. O£ these iweutyrnVe substances, Dr. Oalvert gives the following parti culars:— lie acids, while not preventing the production of vibrio life.-have a marked tendency to promote the growth of fungus life. This is especially noticeable in the cose of eulphuric and acetic acids. Alkalies, on the contrary, are not favourable to the production of fungus life, but pro mote the development of vibrios. The chlorides of zinc and mercury, wLile completely preventing the development of animalcules, do not entirely prevent fungus life. He calls special attention to tbe interesting- and unexpected results obtained in the cases of* chlorine and bleaching powder, ?which he ascertained by. a distinct .series of experiments, ' liiufit be used in large quantities, m order to prevent the I production of vibrio life He found, that in the case of I bleaching powder, part of the carbon was converted into carbonic acid, -and part of the nitrogen was libsrated. If, however, theblcachmg powder benot in excess, the animal matter will still readily enter into putrefaction. Ine assumption on which its employment as a disinfectant has been based— namely, that tic affinity of the chlorine for hydrogen is so great as to destroy the germs, is erroneous. He calls special attention to the tar series, where neither the carbolic nor the cresylic acids gave any signs of vibrionic or fungus life during the whole eighty days during which the experiments were condncted. The fact ihat neither sulphate of quinine or pepper prevent the development of vibrio life, but entirely prevent the appear ance of fungi, together with the remarkable efficacy of the former in intermittent fever, leads him to the supposition that this form of disease is due to the introduction into the system of the fungus germs. The results he obtained in the case of charcoal showed that it possesses no antiseptic properties, but that it prevents the emanation of putrid gases owing to its extraordinary porosity, which condenses the gases, thus bringing them into contact with the oxygen of the atmosphere, which is simultaneously condensed. This is a subject of special importance, and shows how the chemist, when enabled to follow up investigations in certain directions, may assist the farmer, the stockowner, and the vig neron. What are half the maladies uuder which, they suffer but forms of fungus— the blood diseases of cattle, the swamp cancer in horses, the oidium in vines, rust in wheat. All those diseases common to animals being occasioned by the presence of vibrios in the blood, and Dr. Calvert's results should be well studied, as they may be by those who will peruse the paper he read before the .British Association at Brighton, by all who would like to be taught a little about the medi cine chest of nature, and what can be done with some of the remedies it contains. The Mark Lane Express affords but a dreary picture of the situation aDd prospects of the English farmer. That journal says : — The state of the weather has become the permanent source of complaint. The floods, instead of abating, have further increased, and most of our great rivers have over flown iheir banks, entirely swamping the low-lying neigh bourhoods. Fanners are'literally puzzled what to do, their horses getting out of health, for want of work, in the stables, the land hopelessly sodden, and the flail ov thrash ing machine next to useless ; while round bur coasts there have been numerous and terrible wrecks. But it-is almost dangerous to have a strong frost when vegetation is so heavily charged with moisture, nud all we can hope for is a continuance of moderate breezes till the land is in working order. There are many fears flint the little wheat already planted will turn out a partial failure, the seed rotting in the soil : and this apprehension is felt on the continent of Europe, where the sowing was more successful, as well as here. This state of things must result in a heavy loss to the country, and a proportionate gain to those who are to supply the deficiency which must be expected, if the statement is true that about one-third the usual area is sown with wheat, and the greater part of what was sown in heavy laud lies rotting in the ground, its vital principle having given up the ghost. What with failure of the potato crop, pesti lence amongst the cattle and sheep, and weather all against him, the British farmer is not just now an enviable person. The Christmas fat shows were nevertheless highly successful, as those will see who read the sketches in another column. The weights of the prize cattle given will awaken some little surprise amongst our own breaders. 