DOING THE BLOCK. There are foals of pretension and fools of pretence, Fools that can't under land even other fuik'aionso; .' -There are fools to bo woo'd and sttU greater tj woo, And fools to give roguery plenty to do. Fools to be stared at, and fools loo to stare. And mothers, great fools, lot their daughters be thore. Lome back to light, ye days gone by, when this fair land had ne'er been trod by foot of white man (I mean white people, not tho M.F, for Emerald Hill), J days when the primeval forest stood in all tho glory of its, pristine and virgin innocence, untouohed by the axe of oivilisation, " when wild in the" woods tho noble savage ran," and the kanga roo and emu roamed about, monarchs of all they surveyed, days when the place where Melbourne - now stands was inhabited by 'possums, wild cate, and native bears. Come back to light, ye days still nearer, though for over gone, when was heard tho sweet voice of the bullock-driver, as in soft persuasive tones, interspersed with olaBsio quotations, £he urged on his sluggish team through traoks axle-deep in mud and mire, thickly studded with logs and stumps. Come back, ye days when tho voioe|of YVraggejwas unknown in the council chamber, and the great organ unthought of — days of red-shirted diggers and bank-note Bandwiohes. Alas I in vain tho wish. Those two great magicians, Brains and Gold, have changed it all. In the place of the forest Btands a noble city, with its half-finished public buildingsi triumphs of tho architect's and builder's art ; ite broad streets, thronged with busy mortals in the pursuit of wealth ; ite venders' of wax matches, and its sweet-smelling drains. The noble savage has been extinguished by the bottle, " wbioh goes gluggily, gluggily, 8'ng, glng." The kangaroo and the emu have beon assigned a position in the city arms, where the emu looks as though sho had just been delivered of twins, and the kangaroo was affectionately inquiring as to her health ; the "Gee uoa, Ginger; come 'ere, Straw, berry," of the bullock driver has been drowned by the multifarious cries of the modern cabmen, as they ply for hire with a graceful courtesy worthy of a Chesterfield ; the mighty Wragge drives mayor, aldermen, councillors, and town clerk frantic by bis eloquence, dreams of the great organ, and is happy ; red-shirted diggers have made way for flashily-dressed, sharp-witted, oily- tongued sharebrokers ; bank-note sand wiches have been superseded by Scotch pies and" sixpenny meals at all hours civili sation reigns supreme, and "Doing the Block" - has become a colonial insti tution. 1 Oh ! ye spirits of our great great grandmothers, what would you say could you but see your fair descendants in this far distant land prowling aimlessly through our fashionable street of Collins, striving to render themselves as near perfeo tion in deformity as their oharma will allow them, by practising those idiotic eccentrici ties known by mortale, as the Grecian Bend, Boston . Dip, Kangaroo Droop, Saratoga Slope, and Bull-frog Break. Oh, ye ignor. amuses of other lands, who fondly hug your selves with the delusion that we Victorians have always walked, rode, bought, and sold, paid visits, and got hanged in the simple attire patronised by Adam and Evo before the Fall, come here and gaze onour beaux and belles, fastly, if not faultlessly attired, aud admit that we cau mimio the follies as well as emulate the virtues of our father land. 'Tig tho fashionable hour, and tbo Block is crowded. Young girls, old girls, pretty girls, ugly girls, girls that arc painted and padded, haughty and proud, girls that are natural, winning and graceful, girls that look as though the reputation of tho family to be thought fashionables rested on their shoulders and they' couldn't bear the burden. Young men, old men, handsome men and ugly mes, bank clerks, lawyer's clerks and civil servants ; men who live on their incomes, and men who live on their wits — equivalent to living on'nothing ; men just out of gaol and men justj'going there; men who alwoys dine at home, men who always dine out, and men who don't dine anywhere, here they oome swarming along, cackling like so many geese and grinning like so many monkeys, and seem to have climbed "ambition's giddy height" when they have bowed and been bowed to some twenty times fromone end of the Block to the other. See Miss Pert, as she sails down "attired in all her best array," with ribbons fluttering around her like so many daintily baited lines cast from tho bark of maidenhood into the sea of matrimony. Notice how daintily she trips along on those shapely little feet, en cased in tho neatest of boots, with the dearest little tduck of a bonnet perched on her head, or rather " back hair." Watch how she makes young Cash, of tho bank, in- sanelv hatiuv Ibv that graceful bow-, land wafts Premium, of the insurance offioe, into the seventh iicav&n; of cosialio delight by that charming smile. Heartless little pass !. well she knows) that neither Cash nor Pre mium, on their £200 a-year, are) eligible for anything but dances or picnics, nnd yet she lures them' on till they grow desperate, and think seriously of prusbic acid and six-barrelled revolvers, and if it don't end in their swal lowing tho revolveror blowing out thoir brains with the prussic aoid, theyarewe!lontofit,for Miss Pert is one of class of girls daily bo- coming more plentiful — faithful worshippers at the shrine of dress, show, frivolity, and admiration, they openly boast of a dosire to marry men old enough to be their grandfathers, with heavy pursea and bad'oolds. Girls who have as much knowledge of demestio duties and the art of miking home happy as the street door knocker on tho private residence of ajpoliccmau has of tho state of bis baby's measles — girls who fix mouths after mar riage would drive a man to P.B. and ghost stories in the Daily Telegraph for mueement, audjWbo if they ever did anything bo sensible as to read Soott would transpose his boautiful lines on true woman thus : — . Oh. man, in woman's hours o! oase, ; A 111 n j to flirt with, chaff, and tuaze, Asivaryhnr humors lalio hor. ' Hut if nalti und nnvuish rack your brow, Get out fir, yuu'to u nuisance now. Obsorvo tb'o youug old ladies as they go simpering alone, fifty year3 old if thoy are a minute, got 'up with all tho charming sim plicity of (pishing sixteen. Hore you may also see young qirls, feathered and laced, painted and cosmetiqued, whom yoii may meet nearer tho Treasury at a far more advanced ijour of the. night, and who then, - perhaps, will not meet your glance so mo- destly and shyly. There you may soo young fellows, heavily indebted to their tailors, bootmakers, and landladies, who will spend their last fivo shillings un gloves, bo tbat they may prebent a fair appearance to the habitues of Collins struec. Go, got you borne, you butterflies of fasliionablo follios, and study these linos of Crabbo's before yoiVajfain ton- dor yourselves ridiculous aud absurd by " Doing tho Block" ': — it la tho soul that ices ; tho outward eyes Present the ohjeut, hut the mind descrios ; Andthcnco dfilght, disgust, and cool Indifference rise." H, 