TALES. r O ?H E BITTER END.+ by the AUTHOR Off "LAOY AUDLEY'S SECRET," &C.; Chap, XLVIII— "And When he Falls, He Falls Like Lucifer." Mra. Harcros3 read Richard Redmayno's story in tho Times — read it with dry eyes, but a bitter and passionate heart. So she had been tho dupe, after all ,- and all that remorse for her own shortcomings, ail that sad yearning for tho days of her mar ried lifo to como back again, that she might be a better wifo to tho hus band of her love— all theso paugs of con science wcro wasted agony. Mo had novcr loved her ; his false heart had been given to this country girl ; his moody hours of thought ami silenco had been a tribute) to that dead love. Ho had given to her, his legitimate xvifc, only tho unreal image and semblance of affection, while tender memories and remorseful thoughts wcro lavished on that lost idol. In tho light of this discovery she remem bered a hundred petty details of tho life that xvas ended ; the merest trifles in themselves, but indicating so much now that sho pos sessed tho key to their meaning. Sho re membered how much more prone ho had boon to fits of absenco and gloom after that summer holiday in Kent than ho had ever .been before— a change which she bad ascribed to altered health, and about which, in the proud security that a well-developed organ of self-esteem gives its possessor, sho had troubled herself very little. She drained her cup of bitterness to tho dregs, and even went down to Brierwood to seo tho placo whore her lover had learned to be false to her. Mrs. Bush was still in charge of tho homestead, aud quite ready to toll the strange lady all sho knew, oven without tho bribo of a sovereign xvhich Mrs. Har- cross gave her. Augusta saw tho low old- fashioued rooms ; the garden, where a fow pale monthly roses xvcro still blooming with a faint perfume that seemed liko a memory of vanished sweets. Airs. Bush pointed out the cedar "under xvhich Mr. Itedmaync and his fambly xvas so fond of sittin' — Mi3S Grace, and her aunt and undo, aud all — of a Sunday evenin'." Hoxv common it all sounded ! And it was for a girl xvith such surroundings as theso that ho had been shamefully false to her ! For this poor cot. tago heroine ho had forfeited his lifo ! There was a photograph of Graco still hanging over tho chimncy-picco in Richard's room— a poor, faint shadoxv of the sweet changeful face. What, xvas it for this in significant countcnanco ho had betrayed her? She questioned Mrs Bush closely about tho dead girl. Was she prettier than that pic ture— much prettier? Airs. Bush replied that she xvas "pleasing," and could not bo induced to venture boyond that cau tious epithet. Augusta asked permission to walk round tho garden oneo more, by her- self ; and having obtained it, went slowly along tho path lriiere Hubert and Grace had lingered quoting Romeo and Juliet in tho summer night ; looking drearily into the orchard xvhero thoy had sat on sultry after noons, sho xvitb somo nover-to-be-finishod needlexvork in her lap, ho reading and expounding Shelley's Epipsychidiori, and thinking hoxv sweet it xvoukl boto spend the rest of his days in a garden or an orchard at Grace Redmayne's feet. Augusta gazed upon this humble scene xrith tired aching eyes, marvelling strangely, in the midst of her despair, hoxv he, to whom all tho glories of the Acropolis- squaro district xvcro open, could havo endured cxistenco in such a scono as this, oven for a week. And then sho xvent back to tho fly that had brought her from tho station, and made her dismal journoy home, there to seclude hcrsolf from all companionship, and brood upon this neiv trouble. It xvas a cruel bloxv, a most humiliating revelation ; for sho had loved tho traitor, still loved him, holding his memory dearer than any earthly affection. Still moro hitter even than tho first shook of tho dis covery xvas Weston Vallory's visit of con dolence, with tho Times newspaper in his pocket, and a smug smilo of satisfaction lurking at the corners of his cunning month. "It is the fato of noblo natures to be de ceived, my dear Augusta," ho said, xvith a sympathetic air. "Suffering such as you are called upon to endure is a heritage of sorroxv, xvhich hut too often accompanies nobility of heart." Airs Harcross xvas tho last of xx-omcn to brook any sentimental impertincnco of this kind. All the cousinship in the xvorld could not, in her eye3, justify such riolation of her sacred grief. " Who taught you to gauge my sorrow ?' sho cried, xvith passionate disdain ; "or to measure his sins xvith your potty plumb- line ? At his xvorst I10 xvas better and nobler han you ever were or can be. Stick to your office desk, and your copying machine, and your gutta-percha speaking-tu bes. Wes- ton, if yon please, and do not presume to talk of; my troubles." This was rather a knock- doxvn bloxv for Weston Vailory, xvho had fancied tho course very smooth and straight before him noxv that Proridenco in its xvisdom had remoxred that stumbling-block, Hubert Harcross. Ho left his cousin's presence crestfallen, but not despairing. Augusta's xvords and mauncr had been contemptuous to an un bearable degree ; but f ben a xvoman in a pas sion xvill say anything; and be had perhaps been somexvliat premature in his offers of sympathy. The aspect of things xvould bo different by and by, no doubt. He xvould re- sent this outrage by a lofty silence, and a dignified xvitbdraxval of his presence ; lie xvould hold himself aloof from Augusta for some time to come, until that foolish, infatuated xvoman should discover that the man xvho had alxvays been useful had por- foree of liahit become necessary. Ho xvent back to his office desk, ns his cousin badbiddenhim, and xvorked on steadily, adding brick to brick in that vast edifice the firm of Harcross and Vailory, and looking forward xrith a hopeful patieueo to that future day in xvhich Augusta and lier fortune should be his, aud xvhcu tho butler aud his satellites, and all the household in Arastodon- cresccnt, should boxv doxvn before him, and oxvn him for their master. With such a houso and such a xvife, supported and sus tained by tho business in Old Jexvry, xvhich must eventually become all his oxvn, xvhat more of earth's splendors or fame's laurels could ho desire ? He would not have exchanged such a lot for the might of Croesus, or Darius, or Alexander, Hannibal, or Polycrates, or any of thoso classical "parties," xvhoso xvorks had made tho burden of his school-days, xvho abodo in hourly dread of unpleasant oracles, and altogether appeared to bo more subject to tho fluctuation of fortune, and the malice of the gods, than any modern adventurer. So Air. Vailory, junior, held his soul in patience, and his faith was strong in time i whereby it was -something of a shock to him to learn one fine morning from his uncle that Augusta xvas going to sell off the splendid goods and chattels in Alnttodon- ereseent, and to travel on tlio Continent lor a year or so xrith her father. t The exclusive risht of republication of Hits talc in the Australian Colonics has been purchased by the Proprietors uf Tug Aoz. "Von can get on very well without mo here, Weston," Mr. Vailory ob served graciously ; " and I really feel ii my duty to look after Augusta. This business has been an axvful blow. 1 think sho felt that horrid story of Harcross's past life, xvhich camo out during that scoundrel Redmayne's trial, almost more than her hus. band's death, although sho has never ad. mitted as much to mo. I am very glad to take her abroad ; change of sceno and all that kind of thing may do xvonders, you know And I'm very glad sho has decided upon selling the lease and furniture in Mastodon- crescent ; she'll get rid of all melancholy associations, yon sec." "And sacriflco no end of money," said Weston, xvith a lugubrious look. "Shell realise about .13 many hundreds ns she spent thousands. I havo no doubt there's a good deal of consolatiou in that to anything as inconsistent and unreasonable as a xvoman." " In her present state of mind money is hardly a consideration, Weston," replied Mr. Vailory, in his pompous xvay. "When my daughter returns to England sho will re side xvith mo. I havo felt my house no houto xvithout her. Even my cook has fallen off ; I rarely get my favorite curries, or the only soup I really care for. Hot that Augusta ox'er interfered about such trifles ; but thorc xvas nn influence, you knoxv — an influence." So Airs. Harcross departed, and xvintcred at Rome, whither carriages and horses, aud all the paraphernalia of Acropolis-square ex istence, xvent xvith her ; xvhero she drox-o daily upon tho Corso xvith her' father, gloomily handsome in her widow's xvcods, leaning back listlessly iu her open carriage, xrith eyes that seemed to seo neither land scape nor people. " Sho stayed hero till tho end of March, and spoilt tho sum mer in pottering about from ono Gorman biitli to another, in quest of tho magical elixir xvhich was to euro her father's gout. Thoy spent tho folloxving xvintor in Paris, where Air. Vailory hired a luxurious (irst floor in tho Ruo Ccsar- Auguste, and tho Acropolis-squaro mansion still languished in broxvn holiand and darkness. Tho irrepressible Weston employed a groat deal of his leisure during this xvintor — xvhich xvas unusually severe — in crossing and rccrossing tho Channel. The mail-boat that carried this modern Ciesar aud his for tunes ran foul of a French steamer ono blus terous midnight, xvhorcby Weston narrowly escaped drowning ; but still lie held 011, dauntless and unflagging as a Queen's mes senger, that hapless sluvo of tho Stato, xvhosc perils about equal thoso of a famous xvarrior, and xvho is, under tho cheesepar ing system of otir present administration, paid very littlo better than a butler. He presented himself every noxv and then in the dvaxvingroom in tho Ruo Ccsar-Auguste to do homage to hi3 cousin Augusta, half-an- hour before dinner, xvbito-cravated and spot less, xvith no odor of steamboat or railxvay clinging to his garments. He had his pet chamber, Nc. 333 bis, at Alcurico's, and rarely found it occupied xvhen he required it. By this unflinching at tention — by solieitudo that kuexv uo ivenrinesa-ho did at last contrivo to slip back into his old position of usefulness; fetched and carried miisiu and hooks, and patterns and threads for point-laco xvork ; and felt that ho xvas gaining ground. Tho starofhopo began to. shino'for him again- tho days xvent on — Mr. Vailory and his daughter camo hack to England. The Rydo villa and tho yacht had boon sold; at Augusta's request ; xvoro they not bittor to her soul, boing so closely associated xvith the days of hor courtship and married lifo ? So Mr. Vailory bought an estate in Warwick shire, seven bundled acres or so, xvith a huge stucco-fronted mansion, called Copple- stoke Alanor, 0 foxv miles from Leaming ton. and began a noxv phase of existence as a country gentleman ; taking tho chair at vestry meetings, and sitting on the bench at potty sessions, and vexing the souls of rural legislators xvith tho nbstruscst tech. nicalities of the laxv. Hither, too, came Weston Vailory, al xvays eager to be useful ; but although Airs. Harcross toloratcd him graciously enough in his capacity of light porter, for liim there xvasnoridinghyherBidein haxvthorn alleys, or loitering under star-proof elms in tho sum mer night ; or drifting gently on tho narroxv xrinding river, xvith a lazy dip of tho oars noxv and then, and an oeeasional en tanglement among green masses of mazy xveeil. He felt himself a guest 011 suffer ance, and there xvcre times xvhen the star of hope grexv dim. Mrs. Harcross had been thrco years a xvidoxv, hut still xvoro mourning — resolutely refusing Aladame Boufl'ante the pririlego of making het any dress which xvas not of tho black silk and btigly order, — xvhen tho star of hope sank altogether in the blackest darkness. Weston had been unusually busy in Old Jexvry during the xvintor term, and had not seen his cousin, cither in London or at Copplcstoke Alanor, for nearly three months, xvhen lie came down to the country house foi a brief visit. He arrived at dusk, after a snow-storm, xvhen the drive from tho lodge to tho house xvas like a journey through fairy- laud, -although the idea did not occur to Weston, xvho, like tho famous French Blue stocking, abhorred the beauties of nature. Ho fancied tho house had a more festive appear ance than usual, even while ho lingered for a fexv minutes in tho hall, giving directions about somo packugus he had brought for Au- gusta. Thore were more hot-house Hoxvers, brighter fires, more lights ; tho servants had a busier, gayer air, for the mansion bad been a sonioxvliat sepulchral abode, despite its grandeur, hitherto. " Has my unele many X'isitors ?" ho asked tho butler, carelessly. " No, sir ; not many, sir. Lord Stanmoro and Edgxvarc is staying xvith u3, sir, aud Captain Purtleot ; nobody else." "Stanmoro aud Edgxvarc! A noxv ac quaintance," thought Weston, xvhoso only knoxvlcdgo of that nobleman xvas obtained from tho Peerage and the Morning Post. Ho had an idea that Stanmoro and Edgxx-are xvas elderly, and had ltex'er done anything to add lustre to his title, except condescend to exist. "Humph!" lie said, not displeased to iind that ho xvas to hob-and-nob xvith a peer, not a horse-racing or insolvent noble man, but a respectable landoxvncr. " Lord Stanmore has a place near here, I sup pose?" "No, sir ; his lordship's estates are in the North, sir. His lordship xvas stoppin' at Lord Leigh's for tho 'untin', before Christ mas, and his lordship has' been hero hevcr sence." The butler gave a faint cough, not xvithout some kiml of significance, xvhich puzzled Weston a littlo. But of course it xvas only the man's elation at having minis tered bo long to the peerago. Weston xvent upstairs to dross, and ar rayed himself xvith a littlo more care than usual ; put 011 his f.Tvoritc boots, and a shirt xvith Valenciennes medallions xvhich I10 deemed invincible ; his studs xvcro black enamel skulls xvith diamond eyes ; the part ing of his hair xvas perfection. Never had lie felt better satisfied xvith himself, xvith his arched instep, his moustache, with al his small graces, than as I10 xvent dexvu tho wide oak staircase, xvhero un- wonted parterres of scented geranium and atopbanotis regaled his nostrils as he xvent. "'Tommy lovea a lord,'" hcsaidtohimsolf with a cynical grin. "Isqpposo my poor unclo is not exempt from that pardonablo weakness of humanity." There xvero only throe persons in tho draxvingroom xvhen ho entered — his unele, Augusta, and a tall bald-headed man with gray moustachios, who stood xvith his back to the fireplace. Mrs. Harcros3 was seated in a loxv chair opposide tho lire, holding a spangled fan between her face nod the blazo of tho logs piled on tho xvido old- fashioned hearth. Sho xvoro crimson camellias in her hair and iu the bosom of iter gauzy black dress, tho first gleam of color that Weston had over seen her wear since her husband's death ; and tho gentleman xvith tbo grey mus- tachios xvas bending doxvn to speak to her, xvith such an air of chivalrous dovotion as may havo distinguished King Arthur in the days xvhen Guinevoro xvas true, and tho serpent had not yet cutercd the sacred circlo of the king's chosen knights. Tho attitude, tho look, tho tone, revealed all to Weston Vallory's rapid compre- hension. The star of hope shot down- xvard to abysses unfathomable, novcr to rise again. Before ho xvent to his com. fortablo bachelor bedroom in tho western xving, I10 had learnt the xvorst. His unclo told him everything over a bottlo of claret, xvhen tho Earl and his satellite Captain Pur-- (leot had loft the dining-room, only lingering a foxv minutes after Augusta's departure. " It xvas not a thing I cared to xvrito about," said Air. Vailory. "They havo only been engnged three xveeks ; but from the day xvo fir3t mot Lord Stanmore at a hunting breakfast at Stoueleigh, tho business xvas settled. It xvas a case,' as you fast young men say. Augusta xvas very much disinclined to hear of such a thing : but 1 felt in an affair of this kind her opposition must bo borne doxvn— -an es tate liko Stanmoro and Edgware, im proving in valuo evory year, miles of building frontagos on tho outskirts of the most populous toxxrns in tho North, coal mines, slato quarries, and a man of blameless character — thirty years or so her senior, I grant ; but wo kttoxv by tho experience of mankind that these marriages, founded on a mutual esteem, and — aw, hum — tho desire to consolidate a vast estate, are often tho happiest." " Yes," cried Weston, breaking in with a bitter laugh ; "but. if sho had fallen in love xvith somo poor devil of tho samo age, I xvonder what you'd have called it? A vicious infatuation, xvhich argues— the sort of thing xvhich Tago says of Desdcmona, you know ; but of course, as he's an carl and tho cstato is all right, it's quite another matter." " I don't tbink.,that's a vory gonial way of receiving my communication Weston ; I thought you'd be naturally delighted. The match is really a brilliant one, tho sort of marriage I alxvays dreamed of for my daugh ter, before her unfortunate alliance xvith poor Harcross. And even you xvill profit by it ; your status xvill ho not a littlo improved xvlicn you can claim cousinship with a countess. That sort of thing ought to bo xvorth a thousand a year to a man in your position ; to say nothing of tbo probability that you may get tbo Stanmoro land agency before long, and no end of leases and deeds of agreement." " I ought to bo amazingly grateful, I dare say," replied Weston, "but tho noxvs is rather startling. T thought my cousin xvas a model xvidoxv. xvedded to tho dead." "Weston," exclaimed Air. Vailory, with severity, " I believe you're a radical !" So Augusta Harcross, in duo time and xvith no unseemly haste, xvas translated into a loftier sphere, in xvhich she knexv not Weston, or onlv remembered him faintlx- at half-j'early intervals, xvhen sho permitted his name to ho inscribed by some menial hand on ono of bcr invitation cards. » Her husband's privato secretary attended to these minor details. He had a hook given him, upon xvhoso right- hand pages xvero in. scribed tho sheep, or exalted personages, xvho must bo invited to all largo assemblies, and upon xvhosc left-hand appeared tho obscure herd of goats, xvho xvero to ho bidden once or so in a season, if convenient. Augusta- had prime ministers and royal dukes to dine xvith her in theso latter days, and Weston attended receptions so croxvded that I10 xvas fain to depart xvithout having so much as caught a "littlo look across tlio .crowd" from his hostess and kinsxvoman. But I10 ditl in somcwiso console himself xvith the idea that ho gained in social distinction by his cousin's advancement, and ho re- ceivcd numorous applications from acquain tances of his oxvn xvho xvnutcd to obtain Lady Staumore's influence for this or for that. It xvas a meagre consolation, but it xvas something, lie had his dainty little villa at Norwood, his xvcll- groomed horses, ro3es that xvero nover permitted to suffer from the green fly, and I10 had all the keen delights of an evc-r-iuctcasiug business in Old Jexvry. For some favored creatures lifo seems all sunshine. No shadoxv has darkened Glovo- don Hall sineo tbo horror of Hubert Unr. cross's murder, and some uexv joys hax-e como to brighten that pleasant home. Little' voices sound gaily aud littlo feet patter sxviftly in tho corridors of CIcvedon to day, and in these latter years there aro larger butterflies than "Greoks" or "Trojmis," "Cambenvcll beauties." "Pea. cocks' eyes," or " Paiuted ladies" to bo seen hox'ering about the floxver-beds iu tjie old- fashioned gardens. Sibyl Clevedon has become Sibyl Hardwood, and brings, hor babies from Tunbridgo Wells every other day to compare Tottic's noxv tooth with her cousin Lottie's, or to inquire if Aligsy's Bymptoms in tho opening stage of measles arc as satisfactory as thoso exhibited by Popsy in tho samo disease- Happy English households, about xvhich there is so littlo to toll ! The Colonel exists in a seventh heaven of grand- paternal rapture, xvhich verges on senility. Tho Bungaloxv brims over xvith babies — for aro not Sibyl's children a kind of left- handed grandchildren of his? — aud tho quadruped favorites during these irruptions of tho jux-enilo population feel themselx-cs moro or less at a disadvantage. Pedro snaps or spits his displeasure ; tho dogs retire under loxv chairs to groxvl at tho invader ; the mungoose disappears from human kon, to be found perhaps at nightfall, by some frightened housemaid, snugly coiled under the colonel's duvet. Tho colonel stuffs tlio littlo ones with ourrie-bat and Bombay ducks, xvhich prox'oko unxvonted thirst 111 these small epicures, and dried fruits from Afghanistan, and West-Indian preserved ginger, and ministers to their little appetites xvith all the art he kuoxvs ; for xvhich reason lengthened visits to tho Bungalow are apt to result in bilious attacks and the exhibition of doctor's stuff. Brierwood, forfeited for ever by Richnid Redmayne's crime, lias passed into the bands of the stranger. The deed of gift by xvhich lie bestoxved Bulrush Aleads upon his brother James has preserved the Gipps Land farm from the g'-asp of tho laxv ; but the gray old Kentish homestead, xvith the icd- lilcd roof that shone out xvarinly from tho grccg back- grouod of an English landscape, has gone from tho houso of Rcdmayne for ever. Tho day xvill come, perhaps, distnnt yet, but dimly possiblo in tho future, in which Rick Red mayno's bonds may bo loosened ; xvhen, as a reward for unflinching toil and unx-arying good conduct, tho quiet submission, of a re pentant sinucr, xvho feels that his burden can novcr ho too heavy for tho measure of his offence, ho may go forth from tho drear monotony of that prison island, an old man, xvith grizzled hair, and rugged deep-lined countenance, a man whoso shoulders aro bent with long labor — go forth, free at tho last, to that fairer, xvider xvorld for xvhich his sottl longs. Not to Brierwood. tho lost homo of sad me- mories, tho houso haunted by hts dead daughter's ghost, tho placo whoso gloomy influence well-nigh drovo him mad ; but to the fertile plains and inland seas . of Gipps Land, to tho mountains and tho watersheds where tall gum-trees shoot upward trader tho cloudless blue sky, xvhero tho ringing note of tho bell-bird sounds keen and clear in. tho tranquil distance. TOE END. Tho low is now more merciful : tho properly of a felon is no longer escheated to tlio crown. 