RELIGIOUS RECEPTION. The reception of a young lady as a novice, of the ceremony of taking the white veil, was performed at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday, in the presence of a large congregation. The novice-elect was Miss Anastasia Mary Boylson, the sister of a young lady who was received into the Presentation Convent, Launceston, some months ago. Miss Boylson now takes the name in religion of Sister Mary Francis de Sales. The celebrant yesterday was His Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Rev. C. P. Woods as deacon, and Rev. P. R. Hennebry as sub-deacon. The Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor was the master of ceremonies. The whole of the clergy attending the Synod were present, and took part in the proceedings. The angels " were Miss Jane Boylson and Miss Teresa Boylson (sisters of the novice elect), Miss Bridget Flannigan, and Miss Margaret Treloggen. The nuns and novices of the convent were also present in the sanctuary, The church presented a very beautiful appearance ; the altar was decorated profusely with flowers and lighted tapers and as above it is the magnificent stained glass window, the whole scene at that side of the building was exceedingly luminous and handsome. The sanctuary also had undergone several improvements, and was specially prepared for the important event, Precisely at 11 o'clock: the procession came from the Cathedral, headed by the cross-bearer, and followed by 12 altar boys, wearing soutane and cottas, and proceeded slowly to the sanctuary. Immediately after came the clergy, walking two and two, and also wearing soutane and cottas. Then came the thunder and acolytes, master of ceremonies, deacon and sub- deacon, and the Bishop attired in full pontifical, wearing the precious mitre and carrying the pastoral staff in his hand. In the meantime the choir sang the hymn "A Olor. Virij." Then the procession of nuns entered, I headed by the cross-bearer (one of the young lady boarders at the convent and followed by the | so-called angels," the novices and professed nuns and the Mother Superior and Mother Assistant with the novice elect walking between them. The novitiate was very beautifully attired in bridal array dress of white tarleton, a wreath of jessamine and orange blossom, with a white tulle veil attached, a bouquet of orange blossom on her breast, and another bouquet at her waist, with gold earrings and other rich ornaments. The clergy took up their position round the altar, and the nuns in the sanctuary, with the novice elect kneeling in front. After some prayers, the Rev. M. J. Beechinor, of Campbell Town, was conducted from the sacristy to the Bishop, who was now seated near the sanctuary, and having received a blessing, he ascended the pulpit and delivered an address from the words found in the 10th chapter of St. Matthcw,2!)th verse, "And every one that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold and shall possess life everlasting." The rev. gentleman remarked that at the Synod he had met priests who, twenty years ago or more, with manly courage and self-denial, left home and country, and this city, and went forth to posts of peril, but of honour. He had listened with profound respect to the words of wisdom which had fallen from these men of God, and had been edified by the perfect unanimity, the gentlemanly forbearance, and the sincere affection which had existed between the clergy at the Synod, from their beloved Bishop down to the humblest minister. He thought that outside the church no grander spectacle of perfect unanimity could have been witnessed than at the Synod which had closed that day. Addressing the novice elect, he said that the religious life she embraced would make her the spouse of the Great Being of all good, and would raise her infinitely higher than those around her in the world. How would that religion accomplish that work in her? She would be led from the midst of the Babylon of the world and surrounded by an impregnable fortress, It would lead her to reject and despise the mammoth of iniquity, to seek holy solitude mulish-acted by the cares and anxieties of the world, when she would be able to hold conversation with her God on the most important subjects that could occupy the mind of man. Friendship with the world was necessarily enmity with God. Another means used in order to accomplish that work was her poverty. The reverend gentle man alluded to the humble origin of the church, which being the church of God, was the church of the poor. In the midst of her poverty, he said, the Church would stand firm as a rock. Another means by which the religious life would make her the spouse of Jesus was her virginity. After elucidating this point, the reverend preacher urged the novice elect to persevere to the end, to live in peace and charity with her sisters in religion and with her beloved Superior, to advance with courage- in the holy life she was to embrace, and she would receive her reward at last. At the termination of the service, the Bishop and his attendants stood near the " grate," inside which the nuns were assembled, and after some preliminaries, the following questions were put and answers received v The Bishop : My child, what do you demand it Novice elect : The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of religion, and the society of the mothers and sisters. Bishop ; Is it with your own free will and consent you demand the holy habit of religion ? Novice-elect : Yes, my Lord. Bishop : Rev. mother, have you inquired into the other points necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied ? Lady Superior : Yes, my Lord. Bishop : My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient strength to hear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of God alone 1 Novice-elect : Relying on the mercy of God and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hope to be able to do so, Bishop i What God has commenced in you may He perfect, The choir replying "Amen." The Novice elect then left the church and retired, and the habit which she was to wear was blessed. After some prayers the novice elect presented her self, attired in" the holy habit "gump" and veil, but without a tincture, having in her hand a wax candle lighted. At her entrance into the church, the chanting commenced the hymn, " Quw. est sula." The Bishop blessed the Novice, and the remainder of the religious dress with which she was to be clothed. The Lady Superior then raised the novice, who had up to this time been kneeling, and the Mother Assistant presented the centre with the rest of the cross to the Superioress who placed it on the novice, while the Bishop repeated the. following prayer in Latin :-" When thou wort younger thou didst aird thyself and didst walk where thou wouldst ; but when thou shalt be old another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. As for receiving the cincture the novice-elect knelt, and the Lady Superior gave her the blessed veil, while the other veil was withdrawn by the assistant, the Bishop saying in Latin : -Remove the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without stain, and mayest walk with Him in white. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." While the Lady Superior put on the cloak of the novice, the Bishop said in Latin :-" May the Lord restore to the the value of immortality which thou didst lost in the prevarication of the first parents. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The novice then took in her hand the wax candle, and was sprinkled by the Bishop with holy water, receiving the name, Mary Francis de Sales, The beautiful refrain, Renn um Mundi, was then sung by one of the nuns and replied to by the choir. Alternately with the choir, the novice repeated, " My heart hath uttered a good word, I speak my works to the King." The choir replying, "Whom I have seen, whom I have loved in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart melmoth." The Veni Creator was then intoned by the Bishop, and at the termination of some prayers, the novice was sprinkled with holy water. The hymn being, finished, the clergy and religious rose and turned to the altar, the novice still remaining prostrate, and, the Bishop said the following prayer : "OGoU, who wiliest not the death, of a sinner, but always weekes the amendment of his life by repentance, we humbly beseech Thee that Thou mayest vouchsafe to pour the plenteous grace of Thy mercy on Thy servant, renouncing worldly concerns, so that being admitted into Thy camp she may be able to finish the course of this present life so good a soldier in Thy service that she may receive at Thy hands the prize of everlasting recompense. And as by Thy inspiration she desireth to be associated and live in community with this sisterhood, so with Thy elect she may obtain the promised remuneration from Theo who rewarded all the virtuous through Christ our Lord. Amen." The novice then retired between the rev. Mother and the Mother Assistant, while the choir sang the hymn, Deus Misereatur. At the termination of the ceremony, the Pontifical Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament was given by the Bishop, assisted by, the Revs. C. P. Woods and P. R. Hennebry. 