{From tie Montyp Exantiner.) The Mogo. correspondent of tie " Moruja -Examiner" nays ;—A few Digits age, two women rushed into town in a fainting condition; they had just time to;»ay, .wh'jlst walking through some i of ouir suburbs, something of superhuman appearance,,in short, a Ghost, had sud ; denly risen and pursued'' them. After : Btating this they fell down in fits and bay6 been inthem ever since. Of course, wc treated the story as a mere .delusion ot the brain. Next evening five children were playing near the spot, when the apparition, so they-said,- appeared ;two came screaming into town with the news, leaving the other three in convnlsinfts on the ground. They concurro 1 in saying the Ghost was very large and white, and . -after giving a fiendish yell it vanished. Though we still disbelieved, matters began to wear a serious aspect, and even ■ if it were a practical joke we didn't wish our lives and olive branches frightened into fits, A consultation w&b; called and it was agreed that six of us would go the following night and elucidate the mystery or perish in the attempt. Next evening, ou assembling, two of the six volunteers, were non est inventibus, no doubt thinking discretion the better part of valour; two more having volunteered, we started fortk not without first taking a few; quenches ; each man also provided himself with a flask, not as your readers will fancy, to give him Dutch courage, but simply to keep the cold from ponetrating'his vitals. About 10 o'clock we reached the haunted spot jn safe'y; nothing being visible, we determined to remain on the spot till the witching hour of midnight was past,, when ghosts were said to walk the earth. We accordingly sat down, took a pull at our flasks, lit our pipes, and commenced yarning. About II o'clock we were startled by an awful yell, which made every man jump to his feet,and the truth, must be said each looking rather pale. Two of our party said their wives would; be uneasy at their absence, and made tracks for home, the other four manfully stood their grousd, when-another yel',, if possible more fiendlike, startled us, and made me think there are more things in hetven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy. However, aUei? another pull at the flask we strodo onward in the direction of the noises; one of our party being armed with an old: mhsket, pr< pared it for instant use. Cautiously we crept along, dreading yet hoping to fiuiah the adventure, when, lo!: [ right in front of us loomed a gigautic- _ I body; snow white it appa&rcd; in Ihc darkness; our comradu iiisiantly fired, land witli a terrific"'yell the Phantom* 1 dropped, at the same time one of our party ' shrieked oat, d mc if you have not shot my old mare We instantly rushed up, and sure enough Mr. : poor ( Id white uiare lay i.icking on the ground it. looked rcpioachfullv at tn ' a* wu ud vauccd, gave its last, kick, and yielded >n> the ghost We retraced our steps back to town, and next, day had to submit t >. the small w itticisms of our neighbour;1,, who, however, were 1101 very anxiou* i<> lead the fo'lorn hope liiu previous night. Anyway we laid ihu ghost to rest as ic hasn't troubled us siiU''. 