THE BISHOP'S JUBILEE. THE twenty-fifth anniversary qf the cpns?ecratiop of the Bishop of the dior cese was celebrated with solemn ceremonies at the Cathedral, on Wednesday last, and the clergy of Victoria had then the great happiness of congratulating His Lordship upon the long duration and great success of bis episcqpa| reign. And his priests hacf also the pleasure of congratulating the right reverend prelate upon the fact that the responsible duties and functions lie has had to perform during the long,period he has. occupied the See of Melbourne have not deprived him of his health, or diminished his powers to render the future years of his high and sacred office as memorable as the past. As we point elsewhere in this issue to the vast and almost wondrous changes that have been wrought in this diocese since its first bishop was consecrated in 1848, in Sydney, we shall not further allude to them here than to remark that they all bear testimony to the zeal and earnestness with which its affairs have been administered. The subjects to legitimate authority, however obedient and loyal they may be, can make but little progress without unity of purpose, and guidance on the right path ; and more especially is it so in the affair of religion and the good works it brings forth, for iD these cases both authority and guidance are absolutely and essentially necessary. That bond of union between pastor and flock to which we refer, has existed unbroken in this colony, though efforts, often rerouted, sometimes rude, sometimes in^ r-.Jious, have been made to destroy it, and looking upon the glorious fruite of it, our rev-ered bishop, on the twenty-fifth anniversary of his consecration, had good reason to rejoice at tho blessing that has attended his labours. Unity of faith and unity of purpose are the characteristics of the Catholic body in this colony, and we$p not believe that the laity of any pther diocese could offer higher testimony than this to the solicitude and wisdogi with which, they had been governed. Unity and peace ar<= the first gifts <>f the Holy Ghost in tljie Church, and in the affairs of the diocese these marks are so; conspicuous, that it is no wonder that clergy and laity should rejoice exceedingly and with one heart that the revered prelate, under. wb,9pe administration, its affairs have be^n so well njanajged, lias, survived tp celebrate his tw^nty.fi fth anniversary in such good h^al^h as promises that His Lordship, will be long spared to preside over them. This -we are. sure is the wish of eyery Catholic in thp diocese; there is not one of th(eoi, young, or old, oi). whose behalf we may not < congratulate. His Lordship upo'p the auspicious occasion of his episcopal jubilee. Ourbriefallunions here, to, the temppra^and spiritual state of the diotjeae will impress every member of His Lordship's, flock witty the heavy obligations they owe ijira, and they, ^ill aU wish, and, many- of them p^&y;, their beloycd bisfeop may be. spared for a long and. happy liife,; fruitful qf such good a& ^tinguishj his, administration in: the past. Aodj.this community of feeling oplthie Joyful, occasiflp, of' Hia, Lgpd- Epi^upal ; Ju^itee. mil tend, ^Mjftfiflm 'WW.staopgly/thaB QRet ,'iji iUe.maUy oft faijthi; a»d ,it fl^il be found hereafter that thejjrftre even more resolutely than .heretofore of one tnind with him in all that affects the Fiaith, his, dignity and happiness. 