SCRAPS AND FRAGMENTS. Printers Proverjjs,— Never send thou an article for publication without giving thy name, for thy name often secureth publication. Never do thou loaf about a printing office, ask questions or knock down type, or the bovs will sDeak evil of thee—when thou leavest. Thou shouldst never read the copy on the printer's case, or the compositor thereof may knock thee down. Never inquire thou of the editor for news, for it is his business at the appointed time to give it to thee without asking. It is not right that thou shouldst ask him who is the author of an article, for it is his duty to keep such things to himself. When thou dost enter his office, take heed unto thyself that thou dost not look at what may be laying open and concerneth tbee-not, for that is not meet in the sight of good breeding. Neither examine thou the proof sheet, least it be taken from thee. Never bother a prin ter with thy talk when he is busy, or thou wilt get short answers. The only son and heir of the Vienna Roths- child branch has just married a daughter of the Archduke Rainer, and has changed his faith for hers. The father, who is very ill, has been much annoyed by the affair, as it is the first instance in which a Rothschild has forsaken the old faith of the Hebrew race. A discovery was made by Mr John Glasbrook, in an old adit level at PwllyGwm Colliery near Landore. The men are sinking a new pit there, and in an old adit level, filled with rubbish, came across two old wooden shovels, evidently used by the miners hundreds of years ago. The handles of these shovels are of ash, and the blades of oak (still as hard as steel). There is not a particle of iron even in the fastenings, and these implements of trade must have been left where now found at least 200 years ago. As George III. was walking the quarterdeck of one of his men of war, with his hat on, a sailor asked his messmate " who that fellow was who did not douse his peak to the admiral?" " Why, it's the King." " Well, king or no king," retorted the other, 'f he's an unmannerly dog J" " Lord ? where should he -learn manners?" replied Jack ; " he was never out of sight of land in his life." At the recent trial in Paris of Leroy du Bourg, for the murder of his wife, his counsel objected to all the bachelors on the jury, and had his client tried I by married men. He was sentenced to five years' I imprisonment. j A Yankee Attorney on Capital Punish- | hent.-— The following oration was delivered some- j where in Wisconsin, by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion to capital punishment:—" May it please your lordship and gentlemen of the jury — -the case is as clear as ice, and as sharp to the point as ' no' from your sweet heart. The scripture saith, Thou shalt not kill now if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose-egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen, or by an humble individual like my client. Gentle men, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty ;' the hangman may do his duty, but will that exonerate you? No such thing ; in that case you will all be mur derers. Who among you is prepared for the -brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to- day ? Who, freemen — who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word, not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are oderiferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of your animal vertebra, until the spinal vertebras of your own anatomical construction is turned inat a rail road for the grim and gory goblins of dispair. Gentlemen beware of committing murder I Be ware, I say of meddling with the eternal prero gative J Beware, I say. Remember the fate of the man who attempted to steady the ark, and tremble. Gentleman, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tickling timepiece of time's theoretical trans migration, to do no murder I I adjure you by the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumkin, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by the stars 6et in the flying ensign of your emancipated country, to do no murder I I adjure you, by the American Eagle that whipped the universal game cock of the whole creation, and now sits roosting on the mag netic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long tailed coats—if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the rocky mountain buffalo — and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneak ing, loafing, rascally, cut throated, braided small ends of humanity whittled down into indistincti- bility acquit my client, and save your country." Ihe prisoner was acquitted.— Australian Journal , 