GUNDAROO. projf our correspondent. July 9. — The tenders for additions to the public school toucher's residence having been submitted to tho Council of Education, they have instructed the local board to accopt Mr. Burrott's for £16. l ho Council haveagrood to pay two-thirds of the cost. Tho contract was signod to-day, so that tho accommodation so much requirod by Mr. Fursmau will soon bo available. The attoudanco at school is gradually increasing. To-day there are 40 in attendance. A letter has been recoivod from Mr. Fitzpatrick informing us that no roport has yet boon received from Mr. Howson respeoting tho road from Gun daroo to Queanboyan, as a continuation of the main lino frbni" the railway when it reaches Gunning ; but it is believed Mr. Howson is to be removed, and another offioial sent in his place, with instructions to make a speedy roport on the same. A rumour is abroad that a oertain person (very interested) has boon asking a fow of his friends to get up an indignation meeting against a verdict given by tho bonch horo a couple of weeks ago against tho poundkoeper for nogloct of duty. One individual, who was asked, agreed with it, and euggostod a subscription should bo com menced, and ho would give a pound, but the (very interested) person said "No, 2s. 6d. would be enough, as ho thought there wero a sufficient number of friends in Gundaroo to raise the sum by paying 2s. 6d. each." No meeting, however, has yet takon place, and whether it will or not remains to bo seen — if thero are sufficient frionds. It is rumoured Mr. Edgar has beon appointed teacher of the half-time schools at Gundaroo, four miles up tho river from the town, and at Sutton, about eleven milos up. I havo not heard when he is to enter on his duties. Tho weather is vory cold, and although thero was a hard white frost this morning, it now, whiio I am writing, is threatening to rain. Railway Extension to Yass.— A meeting of tho sub-committee was held last Wednesday at the Court-house— Dr. Campbell in the chair. Mr. Grundy, C.E., was also present, and pre sented a report of a moat satisfactory oharacter as to tho construction of the railway lino into and out of Yass. The Bub-committee were of opinion that for tho present it was deBirablo to withhold publication of the roport. Mr. Grundy was desired to proceed with the survey with as much despatch as possible ; and the secretary was in structed to write to Mr. Fitzpatrick, M.P., re questing that gentleman to apply to tho Hon. the Minister for Works for an oxtonsion of two or throo weeks' time over the seventy days already granted for the completion of tho privato survey. The Yass Police Court.— On Wednesday last this court was opened punctually at ton o'clock, much to the convenience of partios having to attend. The prosiding magistrates wero Mr. Williams and Mr. Yates, and thoso gontlomon deserve to be complimented for having obsorved the regular hour for opening the court, a circum stance that has not takon placo ior sovoral weeks past. St. Clement's CnuRcn.— Soiree and Concert. On last Tuesday evening a soiree and concert took placo in tho Mechanics' Instituto, with a view to welcoming tho return of the Lord Bishop of Goulburn and Mrs. Thomas from thoir length ened tour through tho outlying portions of tho diocese. Tho attendance was largo, and tho wholo of tho proceedings passod off in a highly satisfactory manner. The soiree took plaoe at half-past six o'clock, and tho supply of dolicaoios provided for visitors fur exceeded in variety and excellence anything of tho kind which has hitherto beon obsorvablo at similar gatherings in Yass. The various tablos wero presided over by tho undermentioned ladios :— Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Brigstooko, Mrs. Armstrong, Mrs. Wilkinson," Mrs. Perry, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs. Moldrura, MrB. Barber, Mrs. Goold, Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Colls, Mrs. Robinson, Mrs. Mead, and Miss Campbell. About eight o'clook, tho musical portion of tho proceedings was commenced by an overturn on tho piano, playod by Mrs. Rowo and Miss M. Robinson. Tho Rev. Mr. Ilarpur, tho incumbent of St. Clement's, thon dolivorod a short address, congratulating the Bishop on tho near termination of his lengthened tonr through his diocoso, and in his own name and in that of his peoploat Yobs giving his lordship and Mrs. Thomas a hearty and cordial welcome on thoir roturn to this town. The Bishop thankod tho Rev. Mr. Harpur and tho congregation at Yass for tho warm wolcorao thoy had accordod Mrs. Thomas and himsolf. Since ho loft Goulburn in March lust he had travelled some two thousand milos, bad preached very frequently, and had eonsocrated sevon churohos and soven buriul grounds, and ho thankod God for having brought thorn this far in safety. He was grateful to tho frionds around him for thoir vory enthusiastic roceptiou whon so noar tho end of his journey. The Bishop's address finishod, tho programme was procoodod with. Tho lady amateurs wore Mrs. Rowo, and Misses Davis, K. Davis, M. Robinson, McGregor, Campbell, and Pembrooko ; tho gontlomon amateurs, Mossrs. Groaves, Hill, Johnson, Druitt, Taylor, Bluckburn, Crago, and Latham. Mr. Wilkinson performed tho part of conductor, aud, assisted by Mrs. Rowo, Miss Robin son, and Mr. Groaves, playod tho accom paniments on either tho harmonium or the piano. Tho following anthoms and gloos woro sung, in which tho wholo of tho amateurs took part: — "How boautiful upon tho moun tains," "I will lift up mino eyes," "Ob, Lord my God," " Swiftly from tho mountains," " Awake iEolian lyre," "Forgivo blest shade," and "O, April night," A duet, "Larboard watch," was excellently given by Miss K. Davis and Mr. Druitt, aud a qunrtotto equally woll rondorod by Misses Robinson and Davis and Mossrs. Greaves and Druitt. Tho solos sung woro " Cousidor tho lilies " (Air. Taylor) ; "Tho lonoly harp," and, in responso to a hoarty encore, " Ildogotidu " (Miss AI. Robinson); " Evangel ino" (Aliss Iv. Davis); "II mio Gornnndo " (Miss Campbell); " Juan ita," and, in acknowledgment to. an encore, " Thy voice is noar " (Aliss McGrogor) ; and "The Roman martyr" (Air. Druitt). It is almost unnecessary to say that oach of tbo amatours wore warmly applauded. Tho " National Anthem " followed, after which Mr. Alackintosh proposed a honrty voto of thanks to tho ladios who had supplied and presided at tho tablos at tbo soiree, to tho iady and gontlo mon amateurs who had so woll ncquittod thoin- solvos at tho concort, and to Air. Druitt, for to that gentleman's oxortions thoy woro mainly in debted for tho groat succoss that lmd nttoiidod tho whole of the evening's proceedings. Tho proposal was enthusiastically carried, with load cheers, and the gathering, which numbered nearly three buudrod porsons, soparated. Wo under stand tho proceeds amount to ovor £20, which will bo paid as a donation to tho church funds. The Bisuor. op Goulburn.— Dr. Thomas and Mrs. Thomas arrived in Yass last Tuesday after noon, and woro welcomed by tlie ringing of tho peal of bells in ,St. Clement's Church. During thoir stay in Yass, his lordship and Airs. Thomas wore thq guests of Air. and Airs. Williams at Cliftonwood. Tho Bishop and Mrs. Thomas loft yesterday for Goulburn, whero thoy expect to arrive this afternoon, AIac's Reef.— Tho shaft on tho ton aero Ioaso afi1 Mac's Roef, near Gundaroo, hold by sovorul gontlomon in Yass, iB now down ovor forty foot. Sovoral quartz loadors have boon out through, but as yot nothing important has boon dis covered. It is not, however, expoctod that auriferous "stone will be reached until a much groator depth is attained, Insolvent. — George Hassett, of Tarcatta, inn keeper. Liabilities, £177 3s. 8d. Assets, £UQ 13s. 6d. Mr. Sempill, offioial assignee. The Divorce Court. — Tho rulos and regulations concerning tho practice and procoduro of tho Supremo Court in its divorce and matrimonial jurisdiction havo boon issued by hiB Honor Judgo Hargravo, together with a schedulo of tho fooa payable in all proceedings boforo the court. The Burrowa Advocate, — In our last wo rocordod tho faofc that tho looal journal at Burrowa had coasod publication. A " last " issue reached us yostorday, from which wo make tho following oxtract :— " With this issue terminatoa our caroer as a journalist in Burrowa. Having resolved upon discontinuing tho publication of . tho Advocate, a fow closing remarks may not bo doomed out of placo. Whatever faults may bo attributed to us, wo can confidently assort that our efforts have been ovor directed towards pro moting what wo beliovod to bo for tho beBt intorosts of tho district. If wo havo orrod, it has not beon wilfully, but rather from lack of judgment and discration. In small communities tho most impartial journalist could not avoid irritating tho sensibilities of some ono. Wa may havo manifested a disposition to support tho weaker party in tho discussions that havo from timo to time disturbed tho serenity of tho local atmosphere ; but having ovor acted in accord ance with conscientious conviction, a retrospec tive glance at our caroor does not bring to vio w many oausos for repining. Newspaper specula tions in Burrowa havo not proved very remuner ative ; and ours is not an oxoeption to tho rulo. Success, financially, has not attended our labours; and wo havo therefore determined to seek fortune's favours in another sphere. In bidding adiou to our readers, wo respectfully tender our grateful acknowledgments to thoso who havo afforded us countenance nnd support during our brief caroor." Public Gates. — Tho Ministor for Lands has given notice that every applicant for permission to erect a gate or gates, under the Act of Council 3G Victoria, No. 19, must forward to the Minister for Lands, togother with his application, the sum of three pounds three shillings (£3 3s.) for one gate, and one pound ono shilling (£1 Is.) for every other gate on the samo property or run, to cover cost of the surveyor's report. If the road is considered of sufficient public importance to warrant tho payment for erootion of gato or gates by the Government, the money will be refunded. Withdrawal of Land from Sale.— The under mentioned allotments of land, advertised for sale at the Police Offico, Adelong,ion tbe 15th instant, havo been withdrawn from sale, namely :— Lota QQ, BR, SS, TT, and AG, allotments 4) 5, 6, and 7 of section 18, aud allotment 10 of section 19, oounty of Wyn- yard, parish of Adelong. Queanbeyan Oommonaoe. — The undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed trustees of tbo land at Queanboyan, sot apart for tomporary com monage : — Alossrs, John James Wright, Andrew Morton, John Gale, Jamos Bamford Thompson, Augustus William Gabriel. Tumut.— Mr. John Gody has been appointed a trustee of tho land at Tumut, sot apart for per manent and tomporary commonage, in lieu of Mr. Nathaniel Renal, who haB resigned. Insolvency.— A special mooting for tho'proof of debts in the estate of John Shaw, of Yass. gentle man, will be held in Sydney on Wednesday, tho 6 th proximo. Post and Telegraph Oppices, Burrowa. — The following letter, from tho secretary to tho PoBt- Ollico, Sydnoy, to Jamos Watson, Esq., M.P., has boon hnnded to us for publication :— " General Post Office, Sydney, 13th Juno, 1873. —Sir,— In reply to your letter, dated the 11th instant, with further roforonco to tho site for tho proposed now post and telegraph offices afi Burrowa, I am directed to inform you, that tho postal inspoctor has not beon in tho locality since tho dote of my commuuication of tho 16th April last ; but that it is intondod that ho shall very shortly proceed thero, with tho viow of report ing as to tho moat oligiblo situation for tho now building. Aa aoon as possiblo after tho receipt of tho inspector's roport, a docision will bo arrivod at in tho mattor, whon a inrthor com munication will bo addrossod to you. — I havo tho honour to bo, sir; your most obodioat sorvant, S. H. Lambton, secretary." In connection with tho above, wo may stato that Mr. Moyso, tho postal inspoctor, was in town for sovoral days during tho past wook, and doubtless has obtained suf ficient information during his stay to form a correct idea of tho host and most suitable posi tion for tho proposed buildings. The result of his inquiries will speedily bo mado known; and wo trust it may givo goneral satisfaction to our rosidents. — Advocate. The President of the Legislative Council. — Tho vacancy in the presidential chair of tho Legislative Council, caused by tho death of tho lato Sir Toronce Aubrey Murray, has beon filled up by tho appoiutmont of the Honourable John Hay. Mr. Hay's namo has boon idontifiod with tho political life of tho colony since tho introduc tion of responsible Government ; andimmediatoly prior to his retirement from tho Legislative As sembly, early in 18G7, he occupied the position of Spoaker in tho popular branch of tho Legis lature. For tho last five years ho has boon a momber of tho Legislative Council." During that period ho has boon most constant in bis attend ance, and ho has acquired an amount of influence and respect such as is onjoyed by fow public mon, —S. 21. Herald. ' Singular Accident with A Sewing Machine. — A singular accident is reported by the New castle correspondent of tbo llaillancl 2Iercury : — Mrs. Gates was ongagod on a pieco of work with a uowiug machine, and whilst so employod tho first finger of hor loft hnnd unfortunatoly got under tho noodle, which struck through tho nail and flesh, and came out on the other sido. With tho oxcess of pain Mrs. Gatos fainted, and ro- uiainod iu that stato for somo timo, whou hor husband happenod to como iu, and he released hor from hor painful position. Tho extraction of the noodlo was followod by a copious How of blood. Guosts ! Mystery ! ! Spiritualism ! ! ! — Somo weeks or bo ago, two Melbourne gentlemen of position and respectability stated that they had recently met with a mysterious appearance in SpririK-stroot, which resembled what a ghost might bo if there are such things. Tho following letter to tho Telegraph is from a spiritualist who offers to explain tho vision : — "Sir, — My attention was called to an article in your issue on Wednesday, 18th Juno, giving an account of a strange vision or phenomenon, seen by two gentlemon in Spring- street, on Saturday, tho 14th June. Somo days previous to this I was sitting with my family aDd a friend, nt ono of my usual evening circlos, dis coursing with tho spirit of a departed friend that I have not seen in tho body for twenty-four years, our conversation being on drcam3 and visions ex plained from tho spirit world. lie told mo I would bear something in corroboration of his statements in a fow days. I asked whero. IIo replied at tho top of tho fifth street from this, about south-east from whero I am now sitting— that is, where the body or medium was sitting. Nothing moro oc curred until Friday, tho 20th, when the samo friend, who was a witness to all this, called my attention to tho article in your issue of tbe ISth. Tho following morning I sat, as is my usual custom, for nn hour talking with my spirit friends, when tbo same old friend of my youth, John Pagan, of Rochdale, Lancashire, England, commenced speak ing, He said, " I want you to' answer that letter about tho vision in tho samo paper, inviting those two gontlomon to your houso, and I, John Pagan, from the spirit world, will explain tho whole to them, and what seems a mystery shall be a mystery no longer." I now invito thoso two gentlomen to oome, oither publicly or privatoly. My room will hold twonty-fivo to thirty comfortably. They can bring(tou of their own frionds, tho remainder shall bo occupied by mine. There Bliull bo no darkness, no table moving or rapping, no physical manifesta tions. I earnestly invito you to aome, and do as St. Paul says, and somo of our ministers preach, " Provo all things," but' whioh tho lattor neither will nor flare dp. Trusting that this will meet tho oyo of the writer of the paragraph, and that my invitation will be aooepted, for I will make the time to suit them, if possible— I am, etc., W. Hbqinbottom, 53, Franklyn-street, Quoen-streot. Melbourno, 26th June. — In justice to Mr, Hogin- bottom, wo should mention that tho publication of this letter has been delayed, as we objected to the form in which it was originally cast. Henco the delay in its publication.- -Ed. B. Al" The late Attempted Murder of an Infant. — Justice has apparently with rapid steps, overtaken the would-be murderess of the infant discovered on Monday evening last in Bydo Park, near Captain Oook's statuo. This infant, when found, was almost dead from strangulation, a portion of a silken ribbon having been passed thrico round its neck, drawn tightly, and tied. It was discovered by a man named Newton, who saw a tall woman, dressed in a white skir.t and black jacket, leavo the vicinity and walk in the direction of Woolloo- mooloo. The whereabouts of tho mother of tho child was traced by aoting sub-inBpector Rawlin- son and senior-constablo Maher, She was found to be residing at the house of a Mrs. Quinn, in Yurong-Btreet, Her name is Susan Anderson, or Henderson, and she is a native of the Shoalhaven district. She is only twenty years of ago, and is apparently strong and healthy. On Thursday last sub- inBpoctor Rawlinson went to the houso of Mrs. Quinn, and found that Miss Anderson was ill— in faot too ill to be removed to prison. A constable was, therefore, left in charge of her, and as soon as she can be removed she will bo charged with having attempted to murder her female infant, and brought beiore tho Wator Police Court. Tho woman Anderson has, it is believed, confessed that she had attempted to murdor her offspring at the spot whore it wae found by Newton. Sbo has been seen by two medioal men — Dre. M'Donough and Egnn. She wore a hat. one of the ribbons of whioh had been cut. The ribbon and the ligature tied round tho infant's neok are said to correspond in overy respect. Anderson had been in service with Mra. Mubsod, of Qlebo Point, until tho night of the attempted murder. She loft tho Glebe be tween 8 and 10 o'olook, and after calling at the residence of a sister, she wont through Hyde Park to the house of Mrs. Quinn, with whom she had been acquainted. She remained at Mrs. Quinn's until visited by the police. The infant is still at tho Benevolent ABylum,— S. iff. Herald. On Tuesday forenoon Susan Anderson was charged at her_ residence Yurong-street, before the Water Folico Magistrate, with having attempted to murder her female infant child on the 30th June last- Sub-inspootor Rawlineon gavo evidence that the girl had been under the surveillance of the polieo for several days, and when arrested that morning and oharged with the offence made no reply. The aocused was remanded until that day week, and subsequently removed to the gaol hospital. Holloway's Pills. — Bilious complaints, and irregularities of the system, produoed bv depraved or over-abundant bile, can always be oorrected by 3 few doses of theso inestimable pills, which aro ovorywhere admired for their rare combination of mildness and power ; for though they conquer with oaso and rapidity the most obstinate disease, they never weaken tho stomach or nocosaitate any in terruption of ordinary duties or amuBoments. On the oontrary, they inorease the appetite, strengthen the organs of digestion, give inoroased onergy and life to all the animal funotions, and fit both hand and brain for fresh exertions. Tho sick and enfeebled may by a single trial speedily discover what a happy revolution these pills have the power to effect in the human system. 