MB. W. FORBTER, ML A. On Wednesday evening, July 9, a com 1 plimentary dinner to the Hon. William Forster took place at Mather's Inverell Hotel, Mr. C. A. Fraser, J.P., occupied the chair. The Parliament of New South Wales, coupled with the name of Mr. William Foster, being proposed, Mr. Forster replied, touching upon varioue topics, such as BESPOKSIBKE GOVERNMENT. They need look back no farther than the French revolution to see that the noblesse stood their ground until the ground fell from under them. It was the same in America, where a large number of cultivated men bad the maBseB to govern, in their mode of dealing with the interests of the country. In this country there was a similar disposition evinced, which was rather a discouraging admission to make. Admitting what had been said about the Parliament of the country be WM afraid the aspirations of .Responsible Government had not been fulfil id ? Responsible Government was inaugurated with very enthusiastic hopes—had they been fulfilled ? A Government might either be a machine for political purposes, or used to educate the nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarded in either of these aspects, there are certain practical facts which serve to form a judgment. He would allude to two topics in proof of this. In regard to the practical effect of Besponsible Government let them see if such things were accomplished by it or not. MUNICIPAL GOVEENMENT. With regard to the Municipa'ities, the House had passed two complicated laws which no one could understand. No im- portant measure of that kind received fair discussion. Now what are the result of the Municipalities ? Do tbey supply the requirements of the country ? In regard to roads and bridges—don't let Inverell people think they are martyrs in thiB respect, as it is the same all over the country —(laughter—how is it that the roads are in the state they are P The true answer is, the municipalties improve little bits of country leaving all the other neglected. I know there are enough men of property in Inverell not utterly selfish, and why is it we find property antagonistic to muncipalities ? Why, because the holders find it is not properly dealt with. He was not going to maintain that property should not pay the support of municipalities. But they found property in some cases drawn in and unfairly taxed. This would not have been, had the principle he tried to inculcatc been carried out, which was this —to divide the colony by Legislative enactment into districts, commensurate with its natural boundaries, which cach should be compelled to watch over, or else receive no assistance from the country. Every man of property ia such a case would feel himself compelled either to take a part in the management or else would have to suffer for not doing so. He intended to have established municipalities upon this principle instead of the present, which had proved an utter failure. (Cheers) The proposal he made might perhaps appear by some to be crude, but the effect would have been this—that they would have had every police district and half police districts, formed into municipalities THE ASSEMBLY. He did not think the Legislative Assembly compared favorable with what it was before. Compare the men with tho&e; returned before. There were Parkes and Roberison, and many others, and - where were men like them returned in the present House ? The young men in the House were the worst of all. It appeared to him all the young men and also the public men were worse. THE ADMINIBTUATION.' He should of course be charged with speaking against tbe present Government and he would candidly admit that' he did not think tbey were better then their predecessors. (Hear, hear./ Perhaps some one might ask why he did' not allow the public the benefit of his services by joining the present Government. It-may be be could find reasons of a private character for not doing so. It seemed to bim that he could not consistently take service in an administration composed of Sir James Martin and the Colonial Secretary. He WBS advised very strongly to join them by a Bishop, who said there *vas no doubt they had expressed very strong opinions of one another, but that they had joined believing that it would be advantageous for the country. Bat he WBB shocked. The Colonial Secretary bad endeavoured to show him that they agreed in opinions ; but he could not say how. TLe fact was, from experience of liim in political matters he could never believe in bim. He found i.n<v inconsistent he WFS in free 'radc —how inconsistent on tbe Municipal question—and he coul i net agree with bim on the Ciama, ghost question (L;ughter._) A Colonial Secretary who could make such statements as be did on that occasion, without producing one tittle of evidence to support them, was not worthy of confidence TBE USD QUESTION. Some one asked for his views on the land question. Was there ever heatd such a proceeding as a Governor being obliged to tell a lie in promising to introduce a Land Bill and never doing eo ? Waa it trot-highly, desirable' that the indefinite question of free aelection should be dealt with in a manner for its final settlement f He did not think preemptive leaseB should be left as tbey were. He bad never been opposed to the principle of free selection (Cheers.) Indeed his opinion was that free selection should be extended to a much greater length, (Hear hear.) He did not approve of the condition of residence, and he WB6 of opinion that the residence clause should be abolished. It was notorious that there was an immense amount ef perjury committed under that clause. On what ground conld it be maintained that the residence of a squatter, or manager of a bank, was more beneficial than that of a labouring man ? If either of these, or any one, was to put a working man on the ground to insure residence, the probability iB the working man would do more good than other for, after all, what was the object of residence but the improvement of the ground. 