THE GOVERNOR AT MOONTA. Although His Excellency's visit to the important town of Moonta was anxiously looked forward to by the inhabitants generally, there seemed to have arisen a mistaken idea that his visit would partake more of a private than an official character, therefore no programme for his public reception was proposed, and to a certain extent the affair was rather disappointing to the residents after the enthusiastic reception accorded at Eadina. Nevertheless there were evidences ^about the hastily-got-up demonstration giving proof that warmth of feeling was not wanting, and that His Excellency had won golden opinions during his brief visit. Had the misapprehensions referred to not arisen, there was little doubt that the Moonta people wo<ild have striven not to let Kadina take the credit of having done most honour to Her Majesty's representative. When it was known that the Governor would soon be on his way to the town the Corporation had ready an address beautifully printed in gilt letters on vellum, and enclosed in & superb blue satin cover. The Friendly Societies also prepared one in an equally handsome style. Although, as we said before, BO regular programme was arranged, the members of the various Benefit Societies assembled in regalia and with flags flying to receive His Excellency; but this holiday appearance was somewhat marred by the businesslike-look of the streets, where nearly all the shops kept open. The minershadahalf-holiday, but the inhabitants of the most populous part of the Peninsula did not muster in very large numbers. HisJExcellency and party drove up in Mr. Higgs's vehicle, drawn by theteam of greys from the mine, of which the people are justly proud. There were ho triumphal arches, few flags, and no c< mighty surging crowd," but a spacious and neatly-decorated platform was erected just off George-street by the Corporation, and there His Excellency, after performing the circuit of the town, drove, attended by an escort of troopers. The Mayor (Mr. Drew) and Councillors Assheton, Harris, Hague, Furuer, Bennett, Rossiter, Beaglehole, and Buzza, the Superintendent of the Moonta Mines (Mr. Hancock), and others received him upon the platform. The Mayor said*.—"I feel myBelf highly honoured by your Excellency's notice,' and gratified that so soon after your arrival in the colony you have visited Yorke's Peninsula, where the people are ever ready to give a hearty welcome to the representative of their beloved Queen. As .Mayor of this town it has fallen to my lot to present to your Excellency, en behalf of the members of the Municipal Council, an address, which but feebly expresses our sentiments of congratulation, and with vour Excellency's permission I will request the Town Clerk to read the same." The TOWN CLERK (Mr. Crutchett) read the following address:— "To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia and its dependencies. . " The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of. Moonta and its surrounding neighbourhood through the Mayor and Corporation of Moonta. "May-itplease your Excellency—On this the first occasion of your visit to the important mineral district of Yorke's Peninsula we tender our hearty welcome and congratulations to you ' who have been selected by Her Most Gracious Majesty our Queen as her representative in this most distant portion of her dominions, and feel assured that wisdom has guided her choioe, and that under your administration the vital interests of the province will be promoted and its prosperity advanced. " We beg to assure you of the continued loyalty and strong attachment of the residents of this part of" the. colony to Her; Majesty's throne and person, and their prayer iB that she may be long spared to her. people to discharge the high functions devolving upon her. We trust that your Excellency, with Mrs. Musgrave and your family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. " OB behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, we remain, your Excellency's most obedient servants, "CHARLES DREW, Mayor. " G. T. CRUTCHETT, Town Clerk." . His EXCELLENCY, in reply, said:—"Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen—This cordial welcome from the inhabitants of Moonta is very gratifying to me, and I thank you for the compliment which your address contained. I hope, indeed, that the choice which has conferred upon me the honour of being thei representative of our Gracious Sovereign in this noble province will not prove unwise. It may not be within the scope of my power or my legitimate functions personally to accomplish much; but what goodwill, earnest desire, and the nature of my office may'enable me to effect shall not -remain undone towards promoting the best interests and prosperity of the colony. I readily receive your assurance of loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne, which is scarcely heeded, so well is it . known, but which I shall have pleasure in laying at her feet. I pray you to accept my thanks for your good wishes towards my family and myself." Mr. G. JETTEBY, Secretary to the Lodge of the I.O.O.F., next read the following address:— "To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave,;Esq., C.H.G., Governor and Commander-in- Chief of the Colony of South Australia aud its dependencies. "We the united Friendly Societies of Moonta beg most cordially to welcome your Excellency to Moonta and the. important mining distnet connected therewith. We take this opportunity of assuring your Excellency of our devotedloyalty and attachment to the person and throne of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. It is our earnest desire that the principles of philanthropy and self-dependence inculcated by these Societies may be found to aid in pro-' moting the wellbeing and good government' of this colony, with its large population, the major portion of which is, more'or' less, directly connected with the respective Orders. ' " We notice with satisfaction the interest your Excellency has taken in this important district; and we trust you will by this ..visit become thoroughly acquainted with its wants and necessities. We assure your Excellency you will carry away with you the hearty goodwill and best wishes of your most obedient and humble servants. " Signed on behalf of the various Friendly Societies, " E. H. DEREINGTON, D.D., I.O.G.T. " GEO. JEFFERY, Foresters. " C. M. BERTRAM, ALO.O.F. " F. D. ROBINSON, A.LO.O.F., M.U. " W. H. BENTLEY, C.R., LO.R." His EXCELLENCY said in reply:—"Gentlemen —I am much gratified by this compliment from you in my visit to Moonta, and this testimony of your loyalty. I have no doubt of the value of the principles on which your Societies are erected. The advantages of mutual assistance and co- operation are daily becoming better known ana more highly appreciated. I cannot fail to take a deep interest in so important and populous a district, and I shall do my best to become acquainted with its wants and necessities in order to aid as far as I can~in supplying them. Pray accept my thanks-for "your good wishes." „ . Hearty cheers were then given for the Queen, the Governor, and Mrs. Musgrave, and an adjournment was made to the site of the new church. ALL SAINTS" CHURCH. The want of a suitable building for divine worship has been long felt by the members of the Church of England at Moonta, and as the time had arrived when the people believed they could venture on having-erected a handsome structure in their locality, every exertion. lor some time past has been made to raise funds for the purpose. A favourable site at the south side of the town was fixed upon, Mid His Excellency the Governor promptly responded to the invitation_ to lay the foundation-stone. After receiving the addresses already given, he proceeded to the ground chosen as the site of the proposed church, where a pleasantly-decorated platform had been erected for his convenience. A considerable crowd assembled, but the threatening aspect of the sky boded a heavy, storm, and many persons were detened from attending. A harmonium was - provided, and a choir of singers, led by Mr. Evans, joined in singing appropriate hymns. The Bev.. C. G. Taplin chanted theoffices appointed by -he Church on occasions of layingfoundatifin; stones, and was assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Hawkins, of Auburn, and Hocter, of Eadina. The eboir joined in the responses, and after a hymn was sung, Mr. A. France, jun., read the following document*.—" The foundation-stone of the All Saints' new Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave,, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia, on the 11th September, in the year of our Lord 1873, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the 26th year of the consecration of_ the Bight Bev. Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Rev. Chas. Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent; Trustees—G. F. Wyatt, Lloyd Herbert, and Thomas Evans; Wardens— Wm. Gosse, Alfred France; Architect—Thomas Jones, C.E.; builders—Maddem & Priestley; carpenters—Hayne.& Lake." The bottle containingacopyof the above document, the Wallaroo Times of Sept. 10, the Moonta Advertiser of September 9, and six current coins of the realm was placed beneath the stone. At this period the storm bursty and a heavy \- shower of rain descended, drenching those persons who crowded the platform, and dispersingmost of the assemblage below. Mr. G. F. Wyatt presented Bis Excellency with a handsomely chased silver trowel, madeby Mr. Steiner, of Adelaide, having a handle inlaid with malachite, and bearing upon its blade the following inscription:—" Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, on tho- - occasion of his laying the fouDdation-stone of All Saints' Church, Moonta, September11,1878."' Using this instrument His Excellency declared. the stone duly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Be then said he did not propose to' make a- speech, partly because he considered it was more a season for prayer than for useless harangues, and partly because the rain precluded anything like an address. He very much regretted that Mrs. Musgrave had not been able - to witness the proceedings, as she took greafcinterest in anything connected with religiousinstitutiens. She had been prevented from being present by circumstances beyond her control. Her maternal duties, which could not be neglected, had compelled her to remain absent on the occasion of a ceremony which would have received her warmest attention. He had felt much pleasure in accepting the invitation to lay the foundation-stone of a building to be devoted to sucha gaod and glorious work as that - of teaching a reverence for the true and pure worship of God. He fully appreciated the gnat amount of good done by other Churches, but heaver. felt deeply gratified at being -enabled to promote and cherish as far as lay in his power -the Church of his fathers, which throughout his - life had received his reverence. Through it flowed a strong stream of practical -piety, and he was pleased to see the good work prosperthroughout the world by the faithful efforts of -Christian preachers of all denominations. It . afforded him unqualified pleasure to marfe the ' absence of denominational feeling in the. proceedings of that day, and to see the interest and . .' reverence of all assembled. There was ample scope for all who desired to follow tbe path of goodness, and he should like, to see every denomination join in the one grand scheme of Christianity without. regard to differences on small points of belief. He hoped to see the church,_ the foundation-stone of which he had just: laid, devoted, to the cause of- God, and prosperous to the utmost extent in^sending forth.: good words, and doing good work in the districts in which it was placed. . The Rev. C. G. TAPLIN thanked His Excellency for his kind response to the' invitation to lay the foundation-stone, and said the people of the district might be congratulated upon having his earnest support to that Church. He hoped the time would oome when a,- ,.- much larger building would be required for : . divine worehip. For some time the members*.;' had been put . to considerable, inconvenience throngh the want of-church accommodation, and after great exertions a suitable building was. projected. There -were''50,000 people! of the Church of England in South Australia'out of a. population of 180,000,. and as Moonta coutaiueii 10,000 Vt 12,000 inhabitants it would fcei^ange'. .»' it there was not room for church extensiou.': new church would hold 450 people, and th££|f* number would soon be increased by.' God'shelp, and he hoped there would be need' to enlarge tbebuildibg. The'total amount of "the*. - cost was £1,500 or £1,600, and for that amuu-.t he was^responrible; but he had no fear that the-;; people would not give their aid heartily and sincerely. / ; ^ The Rev. Mr. HOCTER -said 25 years- ago'there were five Anglican chiirches inthis country, and with the help of God they had increased to- 75, and he firmly - believed that in another- 75 years they would number 175. He was-- pleased to see the members of so many*, denominations present, and showing so much.- Idndly interest and: Christian unity. ' Contributions to a considerable amount were' laid on the stone. The rain fell, heavily during the latter part of the ceremony, and thereporters -for the local papers, as well as the two- -' specials present on behalf of the Adelaide dailies, found great difficulty in taking notes of. the addresses. Th« following description of the, church has- been -kindly -furnished by the architect, Mr. Jones:—The design is in the early! English transition style, and was proposed to consist of nave, transept, chancel, and ; tower, but it has been decided to omit for the present the two latter. The internal dimensions of the building will be— nave; 72 feet 6 inches by 22 feet 6 inches, and transept, 22 feet 6 inches by 12 feet. The height from the floor to the ridge^ will be 36 feet. The church will contain sitting room fer about 400 persons. The roof will be open, with stained and varnished - 'timbers. There will he three two-light windows.on either, side of the nave, a triple-light window at each end of the transept, and similar lights at the end of the nave and chancel. The string course connecting the labels over the windows' will hava . mouldings in character with the style of building. The architectural details are simple, plain,, and remarkaby neat, and in perfect harmonywith the -general design. The material to beemplpyed is limestone, with freestone quoins up to the" base and bricks for the remainder of the quoins and dressings. Th& structure will be deeply buttressed, all round. The contract of Messrs.. Maddem 1^" Priestly has been accepted for the stonework, the amount being £680 20s. 8d.; for the carpenters', plumbers', painters', and slaters' work the tender of Messrs. Hague & Lake has been accepted at £645. There were four other tenderers. •His Excellency then left, and later in the day was shown over the Moonta Mines"by Captain Hancock, and expressed great satisfaction at what h% witnessed. He also visited the Wallaroa Mines. The subjoined information was unavoidablyomitted from our report of the Yorke's Penin*- sula Agricultural and Horticultural Society'sproceedings:— THE COTTAGERS' CLASS. Judges' Report. — "Hie Judges whom yoohave appointed for the examination of cottage gardens in this district have examined all the gardens entered for -thiB purpose. In so doing they have been greatly gratified by the successful diligence and taste manifested In thecultivation of useful and ornamental cottage gardens. If they had prizes enough at their disposal your Judges would ha7e awarded one to almoBt every garden examined by them for: some particular point of superior excellence- , possessed by it; but they are restricted to the-- pomts of excellence for which prizes , havebeen promised by the President -and the- Society, viz., well stocking, ' well- keeping,, and tasteful arrangement of gardens. Jorthese features of _ .excellence they Vonld unanimous^i&feompaend; thatftie &st; "BocS^'e-- - pnze be given to. Mi;.vE^^/:~of" ^ ^ - me second Society's prize to Mr. Langdon, of- Kadma; and the third' to Mr. Docket, of Newton. And as all these successful competitorsare also working miners, in the-employment of the Wallaroo Mining Company, your- Examining Sub-Committee can see no reasoa wherefore the President's (Mr. Higgs) three- . prizes should not be awarded to them in the same order—Mr. Edyvean taking the first of these prizes, Mr. Langdon the second, and Mr. Docket the third." PLOUGHING. Judges—Messrs. T. Norton, jun., J. Lang,, and C. Kimbu-. . .Match for Men—£7 10s., J. Allen; second: prize, £4, H. Sharman; fourth prize, £1103., EL. Hopegeod. Double-furrow Ploughs—£5, L. Cousins. 