FEANCE. (FROM oca OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, Deo, 28. You perhaps remember the famous day of dupes (la joumie des dupes) of the illth of November, 16$0, when Richelieu fallen into disgrace in the. morning through an intrigue > framed by Marie de M&Uci;, Anne of Austria^" Gaston of Orleans, and; their adherents, had,befpre the day' was. over, completely regained the favour of Louis XIV. after a short interview. The same n«me.^ght jnstly be givehi to. the .'3Mb- of November, ' J3B72, the day on which^ the! vote of the S?2 toOk 'placedwhich 1 told yoh of:, to.^:^st8OT'pt;,of iny last letter. At' 7 p','m.'tlie ASBemblyj having to decide between the twofold proposal of the Kerdrel Com mittee and the Government, voted in favour of the Government, and de clared that the majority belonged to the Left side. Four-and-twenty hours had barely glided away, when, by a sadden i change, one of the most important members of the Cabinet, abandoned by this pseudo majority, was voted out of office by the wrongly so-called minority of the day before. M. Victor Lefranc, the Home Minister, was blamed—by 305 ayes against 298 noes—for not having forbidden the addresses of dif ferent municipalities calling out for the' dissolution of the Assembly. M. Lefranc was a republican of old, and therefore more especially disagreeable to the Right, whose appetite, sharpened by this first success,, is now aiming at the overthrow of M. de Remusat, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and M. Jules Simon, the Minister of Public Instruction, who are also deemed blame worthy for being republicans under a re publican Government. These successive overthrows—only one of which is completed —were illustrated by one of the leading men of the party, who quoted a famous saying Of M. de Talleyrand, "That is what you .. .. ... . . ^ call eating an artichoke one leaf arte another." The Right was again successful in the vote which took place for the nomination of the "Committee of Thirty," having returned 19 of its members—Extreme Right, Right, and Right Centre—whereas the Extreme Left, Left, and Left Centre, only succeeded in re turning 11 members. And even that num ber has been reduced to 10 by the entrance of M. de. Sourton—a converted member of the Right—into the Ministry, his place being filled up by the Due de Broglie, formerly ambassador to London, and the candidate designed by the Right to succeed M. de Remusat when the second leaf of the arti choke shall have been plucked off. To say the truth, there is no majority in the Assembly. Were there one—strong, closely allied, and compact—the quarrel would have been over long since, and the strongest, as ever happens in this sublunary world, would have put down the weak ones, and all would have been said. But this majority is not. The House is made up of five different pieces, .which, ac cording to the way in which they are linked together, displace the majority at every mo ment. The Government is a cake kept by five dogs, unable to come to an agreement as to the sharing thereof, but who agree won derfully well in preventing each of them from devouring the whole. This is why, amidst these surprises and continued changes, the situations of the different personages is ever the same. The Republic and Monarchy, M. Thiers and the Assembly, remain in front of each other, each one holding his own ground. M. Thiers said to the Assembly, "The country has become republican—let us move forward with the republic." " I'll have none of it!" was the answer of the Assembly. "Then establish a monarchy, if you can." " I can't." " Then allow me to renew the House in part." " I won't have that, either." " Well, if you won't let me do that, I can't govern, and as I have not the right to send you about your business, I'll go about my own." "But I won't let you go; you shall govern with me." "But we can't agree together." "No matter; with Ministerial reponsibility, we will give you Ministers who think as we do, and you will do your best to agree with them if you can." "But then I sha'n't govern; I'd rather go away." Such was, a month since, our situation, and such it is to-day. Only M. Thiers no longer speaks of going away, but remains at the head of affairs, unchanging in his politics , and more than ever resolved to maintain the Republic, thinking, as he does, that France can be saved by the Republic alone. Of this the Left is well aware, and therefore stands steadfastly by M. Thiers, despite the biting sarcasms and knock-down strokes they received from his Minister, M. Dufaure. The Right also is well aware of it, and the wind in vain seems fair—they are still full of mistrust, and are ever on their guard. The Committee of Thirty has held several sittings, and has named a sub- committee, charged with the examination of the resolution voted on the 29th of November. It will perhaps not be amiss to report the terms of the vote :—"A committee of 30 members will be named by the House, who shall lay before the National Assembly a bill. to regulate the jurisdic tion of public officers, and the condi tions of Ministerial responsibility." Now, out of the 30 members appointed, 20 had voted against this resolution, and had declared in favour of the proposal of M. Batbie, which, you will remember, required that a committee of 15 members only should be chosen to present a bill concerning Mi nisterial responsibility alone. These 20 honourable members do not, it would appear, look upon the game as being lost, and with that view it is said they have resolved to examine nothing, nor will they even propose anything with the exception of what con cerns Ministerial responsibility, which they care greatly for, as by that breach they hope to take the Government by storm before the Government has explained and set before the committee its own plans and desires. Now, M. Thiers has over and over again given his explanations. He has declared, and that most plainly, what, in his opinion, iB necessary for him to be able to govern with responsible Ministers. The powers of the President must be prolonged for a stated time; a rice-president must be appointed; lastly, and above all, a second House must be instituted, having the power, conjointly with the Executive, to dissolve tire first. But, after baring thus made his views known, M. Thiers refuses most obstinately to propose a bill himself. It behoves the Assembly, and not him, to assume the initiative; as for himself, he takes his stand upon the ground chosen by liim in his message, when he said, "All France is looking to you, and every one inquires what day and what form will be by you chosen in orderto bestow, qn the Republic the conservative force without which itcannot exist. To you it belongs to choose both the day and the form. God; forbid we should stand up in your place, but on the day you have appointed, and when you have chosen certain among you whose duty it .will be to meditate upon tnis great work, if you desire to have our opinion, we will most sincerely ; and resolutely give it to you." . Some rather interesting news reaches us from Berlin. Herr von Bismarck has re signed his functions of president of the Prussian Gabinet, and his resignation has been ncoepted by the Emperor. ''You will continue to confer with me," sayit the Imperial rescript, " upon the affairs of the empire and ottr foreign policy." M. do Bis marck still remains, therefore, Minister of Foreign Affaire for the German Empire, and above all, Chancellor of ,thht eippire. M. 4e > Room being the oldest Minister, becomes president of the Pmssjan Cabinet. M. de Boon, the Minister of War, belongs to the old national and feudal party, which is so in fluential with tlie Emperor, and to which M. de Bismarck is a declared foe. The causes of this resignation appear to be so intriqate and so perplexed, that it is a subject of de hate in the papers whether, in this new situation, the influence of M. de Bis marck will increase or decrease. Two of the most reliable papers of Berlin, speaking beforehand of the change which has now come to pass, concluded that M. de Bismarck could throw off the care of the affairs more especially Prussian, in order to give a predominant direction to the Imperial policy. These two papers evidently ex pressed the opinion of the Chancellor him self. The policy of Prince Bismarck has just now some analogy with the conduct formerly held by the Count de Cavour; he is sacri ficing Prussia to Germany, as M. de Cavour sacrificed Piedmont to Italy; he is giving himself wholly up to the accomplishment of German unity and the strengthening of the German Empire. It is for him a tempting task, for it is grand and difficult, and how ever angry I may be as a Frenchman against M. de Bismarck, 1 have no hesitation in acknowledging that he alone is capable of its accomplishment. The names of Bismarck and Cavour re mind me-of a saying of M. Thiers, when talking a short time since with the former Prime Minister of Napoleon III. As you may suppose, they differed in opinion. At length the president, wishing to give up something to his adversary, said,—" It must, however, be acknowledged that the empire has produced two great Ministers." The countenance of his interlocutor flushed with pride. " It has," resumed M. Thiers, '' formed two great—two very great Ministers, Cavour and Bismarck." For three whole days there has been no talk about Spain, but she appears again upon the scene in a somewhat noisy way. On the 11th inst. a riot took place at Madrid, and musket-shots were exchanged. The con-, spirators numbered 80 men as in the old ballad. Their leader was an unknown man of lofty stature, dressed according to classical tradition, including the ample Spanish cloak and the Calabrian wide awake. This little band suddenly made its appearance on the Place Anton-Martin, whence they bent their steps towards the Fuerta-del- Sol, crying out, " Hurrah for the Republic; down with the enemies of the Spanish honour." The rioters were charged by the troops, and took to their heels. They were followed, but vanished away like so many ghosts. Who were they ? What did they want? Where are they? The report addressed to the Congress merely states that the conspiracy had no "avowed end, and that it was doubtless fomented by persons whose interest it was to create a disturbance on the eve of a public loan." It appears that the Spanish insurrection had not sufficient strings to its bow. Not satisfied with being by turns Carlist, Alphonsist, Republican, and a mob of smug glers, or all these tilings at once, it has now become financial. 