THE MAIL NEWS. THE English mail al-rived in the Bay on Wednesday evening, and there was a delivery of letters at a late hour. The Irish intelligence is , not veiy important, and may be briefly put before our readers, at least so far as to include the items of any considerable interest. The Hon. Villiers Stuart was returned for Waterford on Home Rule principles, but almost immediately after taking his seat he was charged with equivocation oh that point. He spoke before his election of a Committee to manage Irish affairs, and exception was taken to that expression, as the power exercised by a committee is delegated to it by higher authority, to which it has to report, and through which alone it caii act. A deputation of his constituents accordingly waited on the candidate and requested him to clear up all doubts on the subject. He received ihem graciously, with a green ribbon in his button hole, and professed Home Rule principles. But when invited to profess himself in favour of an Irish Parliament, legislating for Ireland in Dublin,hesaid that his friends were too particular about words, and so there was still a misgiving in some minds as to'the sincerity of his professions. But it was resolved to accept him as a Home Rule candidate, and as such he was returned. But it is how clear that he wishes to back out of the position he took up, for his agent, Mr. Edmund Power, is endeavouring to explain away the new member's promises. And so, once again, the Irish people are betrayed,by a representative selected from the privileged classes, and this has induced the Dundalk Democrat to recommend that the selections be hereafter made from working, but honest, men of the middle classes. Mr. P. J. Smyth's bill for the repeal of the Convention Act was thrown out, English members fearing that a Home Rule Convention would assemble in Dublin and usurp the functions of a Parliament. Thus it is easy to summon up a ghost, when it is expedient to appear to be affrighted by a political apparition. The goyerment have been defeated on one or two questions. They opposed the motion for raising the salaries of the members of the Civil Service in Ireland in accordance with the recommendation of a Royal Commission, but it was carried in opposition to them; And they were also in a minority on the question of international arbitration, a proposal in favour of it having been carried against them. From these incidents of the last session it may be seen that the Gladstone Ministry is even weaker than it was before the resignation of the Premier. What effect the reconstruction of the Cabinet may have is yet uncertain, our information not extending sufficiently forward to enlighten us on that point; but it would appear from the resignation of the Postmaster- General that the accession of new blood has been attended with disagreements that bode no good. A cheering item of news is to the effect that the summer assizes had commenced, and that in those counties in which ihey had been opened the'judges, had congratulated the grand juries on the absence of crime. This surely is atellirig' commentary on the re-enactment of tbe Co ercioii /Lct'j Mt.,'JViaurice Brooks,,a liberal Pioteslant, has been elected Lord Mayor , of Dublini iand it is expected ihat ie wi^ ml the office jn > maohevj . 'i- -J.Jr.t.Va Vli m dl f ™ f'lc-Vn /»> Mftr^ntl. wks groWiiWjj, wealth and happiness/and the deputes the correctness of that state! ment; "^tnployltfg Jin "doing.isb atfch; ments similar to some' we ofily a week or two past advanced:— . Lord O'Hagan'e assertion that Ireland i« "growing in wealth and happiness" is m easily reconcilable with the statistics which the Census Commissioners ate placing befo» the public. If Lord O'Hagan can see in th™ documents no evidenoe of a drain of weslft from Ireland and noindioation of widespread sorrow and suffering, it follows that beianst I regard Irishmen in Ireland as worthless beings I or as positive nuisances, the clearing onto! which is a great national benefit. We mat be excused, however, if we regard the facts in a very different light, and look with regret on the flight of our countrymen from their native land—a flight due to the fact that tha misrule of that land prevents their being able to live in it in comfort and contentment We have this week before us the tenth install ment of those Census returns; it relates to the country of Westmeath, and it shows after wliat fashion that country is " growing in I wealth and happiness." We learn from it that the population of the county at each ol the last four Census periods stood as fd- j lows:— In 1841 .. .. 141,300 persons 1851 .. .. 111,407 1861 .. .. 90,879 ,. .- 1871 .. .. 78,432 „ Showing the county of Westmeath to have I suffered a loss of 62,868 persons within the! past thirty years. That loss is a loss oil national'-strength, of the''power which should I create wealth, and of absolute material value, J It indicates the existence of serious evils in the I condition of the country, and the presenoe ol I much grief and trouble of heart among the people. It tells of tbe bard pressure ol poverty, it tells of evictions, of th6 breaking up of families, of the sad scenes of parting, I and of bitter thoughts and vows of vengeance. I All these things one can read in and throng I the figures of the Census returns—papen I which can be pleasant reading only to meal who think that the fewer Irishmen there ate I in Ireland, the better; and wbo look on theii emigration with feelings of complacency, il not of absolute satisfaction. The Gallan case continued to occupy considerable attention. We were previously aware that when it was introduced in the House of Commons, Mr, Gladstone acted in an undecisive and | evasive manner. He could not condemn, and he feared to defend the Board of National Education for endorsing the dismissal of Father I O'Keefe from the schools by hi; bishop. Mr. Gladstone on lhatoccn-1 sion had not the courage of liisl opinions ; he tried to steer clear of I difficulties on both sides—Catholics f on one, Protestants and Dissente on the other—and it is not all unlikely that he will soon f between the two stools. Recently,| as we now learn, he has b clining more to the latter side. Itl is stated that the Government ' «' recommended " the Commissioners! to adopt a new rule, according to which! no manager of a school is in futuretol lose his office by reason of any actionl on the part of the ecclesiasticall authorities, "as long as the rules! of the Board are observed and bisj educational fitness is unimpaired," To this regulation the Board are i to have asssented, and so ends the independent and sensible line action to which it was pledged. The! hierarchy of Ireland will of course! resist and resent a regulation of thisj kind, which would altogether deprivf them of the wholesome influence 1' exercise in the working of the national system. We may expect to hear tbsr they have condemned it in toto. The clearer insight we get intj foreign politics from the home paper is not more than ordinarily interestingj The views of the Irish and Englisr press on the occupation of Wivi agree, we observe, with those we P U 1 forward when the intentions of Bussil on the subject were telegraphed t| this country. The Spectator sees to the conquest of Khiva has openeduj to Russia the way to India. Tn" journal says — So far as we can judge from the account as yet published, there is nothing ew the danger pf differences with England prevent General Kaufman from annt® all Central Asia, and holding it as safely the Governor-General of TobolsK m Siberia. Bokhara actually assisted The desert has been fatal. to one coluo but it 1 has not stopped the inarch of tr other columns) ana with that marcn' deadly, chafm of the Steppe is disenchant* The Europeans are rulers : of the . Step _ Road, they are masters of the spell tf®! fetteri'the dessert, the artesian, well, an«l Eusaia is resolute.to maintain herpossfflO®" the »oute from* the • Caspian to never be closed again except by wm. uM M allies, pr'ttibi&fe;, all of ^"^.. meain, far Vniriike jrarposes; rkict * 0 C,^e O»ar will be: obeyed*? ^ •?£ frntn the Polar Sea, to the frontier l^uJSrtah. Nopower can hinderhim England only , by ^ j X T r i t h the Shah, _or direct ire® ""rS throush the Shah's dominions. weUi sunk, and his Coawhither they wiU. The news from France is encourag- The new President enjoyed the fl g '- • oee of all parties, with the exffl of the Beds, and it wfcs well *i)«r«tood that the army would be n ' and loyal to France should and his friends provoke a \- . anC6i We have not had time l S etudv the reports relating to the l ist cause, but it appears to us, 1 what we gleaned in glancing over hem, that it is likely to make head- , BEWABd of JB35 is offered for the con- . nf the person who destroyed some llu ble frdt trees at the East Loddon SfoffiM on the 6th of July, and a rew? of jE25 is offered for the conviction of he person. guilty of concealment of the yjfof a child that died at Geelong on E 5 E N I N G , Portland, and E. C. Bell, «ithcote,have been appointed land officers; Perry, Mount Misery, electoral registrar; \ g g. Watson, Sandhurst, as an Sthorised surveyor under the Board of flnd and Works. . . 7t the close of his last communication warding the Vienna Exhibition, the Argus Lai correspondent writes:—"I may ention, before closing my letter, that . jury have inspected the Victorian rolM In the ordinary course of things, ie members would not have come round ,r two or three weeks, but Mr. Bevan, jring that the exceptional circumstances odd warrant the attempt, applied to aron Schwartz for a special visit. As the jples have mostly kept very well, the jury ere greatly pleased, and pronounced the dividual exhibits as magnificent, and the iccess of the experiment complete. I have ) doubt that when the report is out, the orticultural Society will be adjudged the •gt prize." IN the Legislative Council on Tuesday the I to roform the Lower House was lost, r. O'Shanassy was the leader of the Oppotion. His chief objection was that the soreaee of the Lower House practically sewed the Upper House. Dr. Dobson folded, urging that it was no good allowing a II to go into committee while the House as almost unanimous in condemning its Bading principles. Sir Francis Murphy supwrted the second reading. Mr. Fraser, at ie close of their remarks, urged the House 0 consider the effect that the rejection of the lill would have in another place and on the ountiy. A division was taken, and a majority 1 six was in favour of laying the bill aside, ie numbers being sixteen to ten. The whole f the available members voted, the only bsentees being Mr. Degraves and the two nembers who have gone to England. THE Government have no intention of eking any action this session with reference the payment of members. This was the mswer given by the Chief Secretary yesterday the Assembly to Mr. Woods. THE interest in the Savings Bank Bill deate was maintained throughout the greater ortion of the sitting of the Assembly on May afternoon and evening, and at 10 'clock the second reading was carried by a lajority of nine, thirty-two members voting or it and twenty-three against. A FASHIONABLE marriage (says the (Stee- "P fining Timet of Tuesday) took place his morning, in St. Paul's Church, between liss Synnott, stated to be a wealthy heiress, anghter of the late Mr. Synnott, one of our artiest colonists, and Mr. Travers Adamson, Jrown prosecutor. MR. j. MACKENZIE'S second report on coalielde was presented to Parliament on Tueslay night. It treats of Crossover, the Barraw°°l Hills, Geelong and Bellerine, Wormbete, Winchelsea, and Stony Creek, and is, >n the whole, of a most desponding character. ME. GEORGE G. MORTON, of Labona, inendB to come forward as a candidate for the lenrmonth district at the next general electotal amount of the publio debt of iMnmia is estimated at £1,415,000. Of bis amount £152,000 represents debentures •sued for deficits in the revenue from 1856 io 1866. ImfriendB of Mr. J. Summers, Mas. Bac. ton., will be glad to learn that he has been 'Pointed examiner in music to the Counoil 'Education in Tasmania. THE three months' leave of absence granted «Mr. Bernhard Smith. P.M., at Stawell, has wessitated several temporary alterations in je stations of the stipendiary magistrates. 104011 wil1 v he removed to Stawell, Mr. rst t » o Geelong, and Mt. Taylor to Kiln re :, Mr - Wyatt will resume charge of the 1,°?°! Point District, and in addition will ^ Alexandra. - .. rum oured tbat certain irregularities Lv • ocourre d in one of the up-'cbuntry c urts tave ? resulted in the temporary ! Spenslon a gentleman who iswell i as a civil servant in the district. "J™ Equity Court on Wednesday, JuB- ® Molesworth gave Ms decision upon anap- . »a«<m by the administrators of P. O. Bueki. potions as to investment. His •xoorgimpiy BE^d that* the question* pro- pounded did inot Come Wiihiri hid province, and the administrators muBt act on their own diBoretiob. • ' FBOM a notice in our advertising colunulB it will be seen that the entertainment' pro. posed to be given in St. Patrick's Hall, in iid of -the widows of two late members of .the St. Patrick's Society', on the 3rd September, has been postponed till the 24th September. The tickets already issued will be available. AN animated debate took place in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday evening, on'the question as to what action the Government 'should take in reference to the laying aside of the Electoral Bill by the Legislative Council. The Chief Secretary stated that the Government had not come to any determination in the matter. Air. Higinbotham suggested that, to bring the members of the Counoil under control, a system of taxation should be introduced, to apply to wealth and property exclusively. It is likely that a dissolution or a dead-lock will take place shortly. 