Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. OPENING OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. THE Parliament of South Australia was opened by Governor Musgrave on the 25th ultime, when the following speech was read by His Excellency:— " Honorable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council and Gentlemen of the Home of Assembly,— " 1. It affords me much gratification to have an early opportunity of meeting jou on my assuming the administration of the Government of this loyal and prosperous province. " 2. I wish to assure you of my deep sense of the important trust which has been confided to me as the representative of our most gracious Sovereign, and of my anxious desire to co-ope* rate with you cordially in all measures for the good of the colony. I shall not forget those constitutional principles by which my condust should be governed ; but where such knowledge or experience as I may hare acquired in official service elsewhere can be useful to the community, it will always be freely at your disposal. The functions which I cannot dele* gate to others I shall endeavor to discharge with faithfulness to the colony, believing that I shall so best perform my duty to the Queen ; but I shall always listen with careful attention to the counsel of my Ministers and the suggestions which their personal knowledge of Iccal needs places them in a position to offer. It is in such mutual confidence that the surest guarantee it found by the community at large for the suc cessful operation of that system of government | which we have a common pride in administer* ing. It will be my great aim during my resi- I dence among you to preserve and promote, to the extent of my abiliiy, the loyal attachment to our Sovereign and our national constitution and traditions which has ever distinguished the people of this province. And I feel that I may be assured of your support in the exercise of any constitutional authority properly belonging to the office which I have the honor to hold. " 3. A General Conference of the Australian colonies upon the mail service contracts and other subjects of importance was held in Sydney in the months of January and February,'lB73, and the valuable and interesting report of their proceedings will be laid before you, together wih copies of the important conventions which have been agreed to on the question of the Border duties. The negotiations, however, for the new postal mail service have not yet been completed, but there is a prospeot of a speedy and satisfactory settlement of the question. " Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,— "4. It i« with much satisfaction that I am able to congratulate you upon the present prosperous condition of the colony. The revenue for the first six months of the year has greatly exceeded the estimated amount; and there is every reason to believe that the revenue for the whole year will also be largely in excess of what was expected. "5. During the last session authority was given by Parliament for raising certain amounts by loan, to be applied to various useful public works. It has not been found necessary to exercise this authority to its full extent; but part of the loans authorised have been nego tiated on terms most advantageous to the pub* lie, and the works are now in progress. "6. Supplementary Estimates for the service of the year 1873 will be immediately laid before you. They contain items of expenditure ren dered necessary by the urgenoy ot the works undertaken. " 7. The Estimates for 1874 will be submitted for your consideration at early as possible, and will be found to have been framed with a view to efficiency as well as economy. There will be separate Estimates for the Northern Territory. "8. A Commission was appointed, in com* pliance with your address, to enquire into the law relating to real property and intestacy, more especially as affected by the Seal Property Act, the Testamentary Causes Act, and the Act abolishing the rights of primogeniture. A long and able report has been made to mo by the Commissioners, and will be presented to you. "9. The pressing necessity of providing immediately for an increase to the working population of the country will be forthwith brought under your notice, and .you will be asked to sanction the expenditure required for the introduction of immigrants in order to meet the demands for labor which will exist at the coming season of the harvest. " 10. The experience gained from the working of the new Education Act in Victoria will assist my Government in framing a bill on this im portant subject, wbioh will be submitted to Parliament during the present session. " 11. A measure with a view to provide in a more satisfactory manner for the construction and maintenance of main roads in this province will be submitted for your consideration. " 12. The rapid influx of population into the Northern Territory will render fresh legislation immediately necessary for that important part of the colony, and various bills providing for the administration of the law and the better protection of life and property there will shortly be laid before you. " 13. A bill to encourage the formation of a railway to Port Darwin, in consideration of certain concessions of land to be made to the constructors, will be introduced during the session. " 14. The unprecedented increase of traffic on the railways, and the urgent necessity for meeting the demands of the approaching har vest, induced my Government to order consider able additions to the rolling-stock, and to take preliminary steps for erecting new goods-sheds, platforms, and other accommodation at Port Adelaide, and the principal stations on the Northern line of railway. A bill for power to raise the necessary funds will be laid before you. " IS. The principal contracts in connection with the construction of the Laeepede and Aiarracoote Bail way have been entered into, and the works are in progress. " 16. Preliminary surveys have been made for communication between the Northern areas and the seaboard, and between Eadina and Port Wake Gel d; and trial surveys are also in pro gress for a line of railway between Port Ade laide and the Hirer Murray. "17. I may generally allude to the many measures for improving our harbors and pro moting internal communication wfiich will have to engage your ..ttention during the session ; but the desirability of a steady and propor tionate increase in the population should be kept in view when you are providing for extensive public works. " 18. A bill to provide for the amendment of the laws relating to insolvency, and other bills of considerable importance, will be brought under your notice by my Government. I com mend them to your consideration, and earnestly pray that it may please Almighty God to direct all your deli Derations so a* to secure the ad • vancement and permanent welfare of this pro* vince." One of those disturbances common to sea faring life occurred on Thursday night, 24th July, on board the ship Arden Craig, then lying in the harbor at Newcastle. A row wa« started in the forecastle between the seamen, and the mate went forward to restore order] but was threatened by the noisy belligerents with violence if he attempted to interfere. One of the eailors, a colored man, threatened to take his life if he came in, and was in the act of leaning over his bunk to get a belaying pin to carry his threat into execution when the mate who had an iron roller in his hand, struck the man on the head, inflicting an ugly gash a few inches abore the left eye. This was the commencement of a general row. The mate, seeing how matters stood, made for the after cabin, followed by the infuriated seamen, with belaying pins and other implements, which were used as missiles, at tho same time threatening to take the lires of the officers and burn the ship. The chief-officer made his escape in the ahip'a boat, gave information to the police, and three of the ringleaders were arrested, and taken to the lock-up. On being brought bofore the local bench next morning, on a charge of dia> orderly conduct, the man the mate had struck presented an unsightly appearance, the whole of the left side of his face being corered with clotted blood. The three men were tent to the celU for forty-eight houn.—Maitlaud Mercury. Dtrmnro a heavy tbandentorm experienced^ on board the barque Kohinoor while on her passage from Newcastle to Melbourne, tho electric flaid in the shape of a ball of fire atraok the •hip* deck and bunt. One of the hub felt the effecti of it in the thigh, and was laid up for a couple of days.— Age. Thi Wetter » Examiner says as the hortt used by the Ophir mailman was being shod, in the prooeii of paring one of the hoofs, a nice little nugget; of water worn gold wh discovered, and is now in the possession of the mailman* who would, doubtless, like to know upon what part of the road hia animal unoonsdoujlj picked up the precious metal. Thi Tenterfield Star relates that an accident of a very painful character happened the other day to a httle girl, aged about three years. It appears that her brother, a little fellow a few years older than herself, was chopping wood with a tomahawk, and that she was close to him and put her fingers on the wood he was cutting too quickly for him to check the blow, when tho tomahawk descended and cut three of tho child's fingers in a frightful manner—two to the bone, and the middle finger almost off, tearing it hanging only by a small piece of flesh. The 8. M. Herald of Friday Bth instant, relates the following honest act:—" Yesterday, Mrs Carter, a lady residing at the North Short, took passage by an omnibus from Dawes Point to the Railway Station. Shortly after leaving the omnibus, she missed her purse, containing £6, and she at once went baok to Dawes' Points and on enquiry at the stand, she found that her money was safely deposited in the hands of Mr Bgerton, the proprietor of the Harboar View Inn, having been handed over by the driver, named Michael Hart, No. 149, who refused any recompense whatever." Supfbbbbs from rheumatism may benefit by the following extract from a letter tent to the Alexandra Timet by Mr John Barker, of Thorn ton :—"ln the month of May last year I was sud denly seized with a most painful and acute attack of rheumatism. I tried the uiual medicines with out effect. It was suggested to me that I should try a bath in the lime and sulphur solution, M prepared for soibby sheep, as it was belie?ed one or two baths would completely remove all my pains. I had a bath in the lime and sulphur solution in a squatter's sheep dip, and I felt the) pain leave me while in the dip. I had a second bath in the course of a few days thereafter, and since then I have never felt a twinge of rheu matic pains." A badioai. change seems to be taking place in our Australian winters, as people who were strong minded enough to rise early this mo rning must have been forced to oonfess. Early risen to-day, on peeping out of their bedroom win dows, had their sleepful eyes dazzled by the white pall of thiok frost wbioh overspread the roofs of the neighboring dwellings, and reflected the bright rays of the morning sun. Windows wore curtains of pretty thick frost, and every thing reminded one of a mild English winter*! morning. At 7 o'clock the thermometer regis tered S3 degrees, at 9 45 degrees, and at 10 66 degrees. But such sniffs of somewhat genuine cold are rather enjoyed whea they present them selves now and then to us, who are familiarised to breathing hot winds and having al freteo Turkish baths supplied by nature, with the immense advantage of being free of cost.— MM* hour** Herald. A OOBMBPOKDBKT of the SewoatUe Pilot records a fatal accident to an elderly female, named Bridget Mannix, at Baymond Terrace : —" An acquaintance or two came in from the bush, when the rum bottle was introduced and circulated too freely—the unfortunate woman retiring to reit at an early hour, her husband putting part of a bottle of rum away out of sight. She, it is believed, must have found it. The inmates were aroused about 6 o'clook on Saturday morning, by a boy sleeping there, who was awoke by the smell of something burning] he awoke the rest, calling out in alarm, • Granny is in the fire,' when she was speedily extricated, but too late, being fearfully burned about the body, legs and left arm. Dr West was soon in attendance, but she never rallied, expiring be tween 12 and 1 a.m. on Monday, the 7th instant. The deceased was 76 years of age, and well known in Newoastle as, Biddy M'Nogue, dealing in dairy produce, fruit, Ac A fatality seems to hang over this family j two grand' children were drowned belonging to her some few years ago, one whilst bathing in the Hunter, the other at the back of her own residence whilst paddling a small punt for amusement— both fine and promising boys. She had a daughter also drowned some years ago at the Paterson. At the inquest the jury returned ■ verdict to the effeot that death resulted from accident caused by intemperance." We have often heard of the laughing jack ass killing snakes, but we never before heard until the other day, s.yi the Maitland Mercur*. of the little butcher bird being a snake killer. Mr O. Lovot, of Vacy, informs me that be wit nessed the following incident last week :—Early in the forenoon of the day he noticed a butcher nird, only a few yards from his residence, dart ing down repeatedly amongst some stones. Watching the bird for some time, Mr Lovet at length saw the bird drag something out from the stones, which he at first thought must be • large worm. Noticing that the bird continued darting dawn ond seizing the reptile, shaking it, and flying up and letting it f.ll again, aroused his curmeity. He went to the spot, and found the reptile nothing less than a black snake, whioh on measuring was found to be a trifle less than throe feet long, and about the sue of a man's finger. The snake was dead when Mr Lovet went to it, and he found the bird had effected its destruction by continually seizing it jast at the back of the head, slinking it and let ting it full. Mr Lovet states that he has him* self been a resident of the colony over forty years, and he has never witnessed such an inci dent before, and he has never heard of anyone else having seen the butcher bird perform such a deed. Several members of Mr Lovet's family also witnessed the incident. We hare since en quired from several old hands, but none of them oould bring to mind having even heard before of tho little butcher bird being a snake-killer, although they have beeu seen to kill mice and other small auimals, and some have even been charged with killing very young poultry. The emu is beginning to assert, a right to his "native heath" with an amount of force that proves how much ho has been benefited by civili sation, .'n instance of tbeonergetio resistance which the bird attempts to uny further encroach ments of humanity upon its domains recently occurred (says the Wagga Wagqa Express) on Bullenboug Plains. Mr. Bobbins, the local Ni-nrod, was driving across the plain in ques tion a fe«r days aeo when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. Tho birds were a con siderable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, thoy awaited ft quietl , and whea within a hundred yards of Lira ono portion made v move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of a:i emu,-a patriarchal bird who long bad fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon iho ground which his forofathera had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the bUck fellow. Mr Bob bin*, who hud never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upoutho part of lt>e birds beforo, waited their ap* proujh wit)»becoming fortitude and agun. When tho birds got within übout eighty yards he fired, v- d tho leader of tho vau paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The t>hot, however, was uot fatal, and the wounded bi.d made off, performing at intervals acrobatic fiats vitnilur to the first. Mr Bobbins then jumped foui his teat to follow up the enemy, and, when reuch of it was ap prised of the fact by a well directed kick in the stomach from the bird. Ho collapsed tit about fivo yards' distance, whiiher tho foroo of the blow tent him. 110 promptly picked himself up ugain, uud uuehained his dog, known by > t'le cxprcssivo appellation of •• t'.o Fool " from ihe back of the trap. •« flic Fool " considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the few. x\o sooner had ho overtaken it, however, than a similar reactance to that experienced by hii master met him. Mr Bobbins at this juncture appeared upon tho *cene, and the other ear.us, seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded com panion. The latter yielded up the ghost de corously after an appeal in the shape of a second >o. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some timej nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. 