b '.Iat.IMPIE r.vrI.VI It?iDAtlv . .'rrlt.s 4(lSaunrNl VWncIt , 8A'TURDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1878. -: lx anothpr column we publish from the C local paper a report of the "Mansfield deputation on the sul ject of a survey of rail. I way line to Benalla. If Ithe mete waste of money were the only objlction we had to the t proposed survoy, then we might wink at the mat or and say it would be no worse than some other toolash public expenditures, but % hen by mpans of a strong deputation a bare faced, attempt is being made not only to impose on the Minister of Railways by a gross masrepreserntation of fatoe, for the pur pose of withdrawing the traffic of the Upper Goulburn Valley trom its legitimate, proper, and natural channel, then it becomes our duty to sound the alarm and call out thiel. Mhi Gdlius informed the depurtation "' that there appeared, to be a doubt in the minds of some whether the line should run from" lienalln or from a point nearer Melbourne." Mr Kitchen asked a' whether Mr Gillies relerred to the proposed route from Tallarook to Alexandra." lr Gillies replied "tihat he d14." 'The Minister of 'tailwaye evidently has a. prt.ty correct idea of the geographical ir position of Mansfield, and that a railway ut? ,r the valley of the Goulburn ip clearly the ' natural outlet for the comme'rce, of Mansfield A railway hfao T'allartok to Jamienon would ,r pass ithin ten, miles of Mansfield, and if i Manafield is of sufficient importance to warrant the making. of 38 miles of; railway _- °-narauriui thtaae sld. be /,i L. difficultypa~ c.nt ingtn. sul therw.nld to bear in getting a. branqh line of 14n miaes from Peppin's Flat. Th'is, according to their If wn showing, vould be a saviung of 28 milcs of rail, an item not unworthy of considersa a tion, besides it would bring Mansfield 20 miles nearer Melbourne than going r,ound by SI)eulla. We are at a loss to undersatand h. how in the tace of such facts. Mr Kitchen 1- could give.the Minister to understand that such a line could not be of the least advent a o to hMariti old. SWe lhave no, intention of disputing the im i'ortance vi Mansfield. Although we cannot it endorse all that has been said about it by )l some members of the deputation in speaking of the " thousands of tons of wheat annually gr rown there," and although we have travelled the district a good deal we have not " met wherever we went with people who had gold in tnutchbuxes, pannikiie, and billies." But admitting this,, and a good deal more if A necssary, to be all perfectly true, surely so muoh wealth would lIae none of its.value by going down the Goulburn valley line at 2b .per cent. less cuarriage than via Bonalla. Bo II sides, if Mansfield and that "strong deputa tion " Lcid tiny consideration for the large, e poptilation setled along the banks of the Upper Goulburn, they must have seen that the Goullurn railway line is by far the beat, not only for Maniefi Id but for the general t interests of the coloiy, insmtnuob as It would it open up a territory twenty times as large as tI Mansfield, and give railu oy accommodation to an equally large porcentage of our popu lantion. '1The fact is our neighbors want a terminus more than a railway. As, however, the " strong deputation" hes induced Mr Gillies to promise a visit to Mansfield, let ius express tie hope that that gentleman will also have a look at the pro. posed Goulltrn line on his way up to Mens field, in which case we venture to pridict that he will express his surprise and nastoish mint mutt our agricultural neighbors of pumpkinagrowing oelebrity should. ever have been so bl,id, to their own interests, as to think of getting a railway to Benalla. The large attendance at the adjourned meeting of the Utper Goullhurn Valley Rail wny League. iheld at the Council COhamlers on ?'usday ilfternoon, waits highly gratifying, as indicetive of the interest taken by the general community of the district in the object sought to be attained by the league. A large amount of businesn was proceeded with during the ,lengthnerned sitt~iag, of which we alppend a roeport elsewhere.. From a telegram received lost night we learn that in the All-England cricket umtch the Victorian eightaen scored 85 runs, aith three wickets down. The Durham Gully Itaces came off with fasir success yesterday. Ve are unable to do more tlan state thea r stiult of Ihle running. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr W. Iyan's Bra'lford, and the Lne I l Race by 11r Cochrann's Long Ghost. The D)urham Gully Handicap was won in a cantear by Mr Thorogooe's Victor, Mr II. Ilobir,son's Juanita taking second, and Mr Godear's Rose third place. Mr A. Bunney's Grey Buy won the Ilurdle IRace, Mr Goode.ar's 'lig. r being secoId The Trotting liae was won by Mr Nicholas's Jessie. A. grand picnic, to be followed in the eveninag by a aull and asppr. in ass-ounced to take place at Norburv's l0 llevue lasrel on New Year's Dar. 'Ihe ±ardens are looking in beaunltul orde.r, anud wlhbout extra a'trtrc lions will well replay a visit. The gotujda Ihas been re-floored and covered, una nyw afftirdi splendid uccormm'odiaton for deatong. In hot weather na cooler or Irtlessaalter spjot can be Ioutd than these gardens, and with plenty of good music, daa,crO?, asd other attractnor;s, there should be a crowd ul cheer ful holidav-makors at Norburv's. Mlr Robertson, wha, hbs just returra d from the Nurtlern lerr, lry,, report? tfs orauut upon the Pine Creek reels. 