LIGHT READING. A young husband calls his wife ' Birdie,' because, he says, she is always associated in his mind with a bill. ' I came off with flying colours,' as the painter said when he fell from the ladder, with a palette on his thumb. Josh Billings says : ' I have often been told that the best way is to take a bull by the horns ; but I think, in many instances, I should prefer the tail hold.' A Louisville man has been troubled by a visit from the ghost of his hrst wife. He did not see the ghost' 6 face, but ho ' knows it must have been her, because she marched straight to the pantry and went for the wedding-cake the perfidious man had prepared for his second marriage. Some questions very naturally suggest themselves to an inquiring mind. An amateur farmer wonders. ' why, oa all this fair earth, the ground is spread bottom- side up, so that it must be turned over with a plough before crops can be raised.' The St. Louis Democrat prints the following beautiful lines of a poem of twelve verses on 'The Streets of St. Louis : — ' Go see what I have sawn, Go feel what I have felt ; Go out at early dawn And sin ell what I have smelt.' ' He fell down dead and expired in two minutes,' says a Georgia paper of the death of a negro. Professor Wilder, of Cornell University, devotes a quar ter of a column in one of the journals to tell what people should do in case of an accident, when a half dozen words would do it. What to do in case of accident is very simple : Send the particulars to the papers. ' Set up ' and ' Upset ': An Indiana paper describes the feast of a legislative delegation at a railway dinner. The reporter is a little reckless in his grammar, but he narrates the facts in the case very pointedly : ' The delega tion Bet at 2 p.m. They upset at 5.' Adjustment. — Bootmaker (who has a deal of trouble with this customer) — ' 1 think, sir, if you were to cut your corns I could more easily find you a pair ? ' Choleric Old Gentleman — ' Cut my corns, sir !— I ask you to fit me a pair of boots to my feet, sir ! — I'm not going to plane my feet down to fit your boots ! ' A Severe Threat.— A man who had his new hat ex changed for an old one in a barber's shop, advertises that unless it is returned he will forward to the wife of the per son who took it the letter found concealed in the lining of the old one. A cockney sportsman, having vowed to his wife to bring home a hare killed by himself, and. not being able to dispatch one by the aid of bis gun, bought one and tied it with a string to a tree. Then placing1 himself at an easy distance, he raised bis gun to his shoulder, took aim, and fired, when to bis horror the hare made off as hard as it could— the string only had been cut ! An American paper says that a young lady, who is worth 30,000 dollars, recently refused to marry a clergyman be cause she thought she was unfit to be the wife of a minister. He then abandoned bis sacred calling and proposed again. The second time she refused his offer on the ground that she was too good to marry a man who would throw away his clerical robes to win a woman's hand. The Fun oT the Farce.— It is related that the manager of a theatre consented to hear in his sanctum a young man (who had an unfortunate hesitation in bis speech) read a short farce, the sole condition being that it should not occupy more time than it took to finish the cigar the mana ger had just lit Away they both started, the one reading, the other Bmoking, but as the mild Havana reaches its ter mination, the worse the young author splutters ; they finish together. Of course the question is immediately put 'What do you think of it r' 'Well,' replies Mr. Manager, 'not half a bad idea; father, mother, lover, daughter, all stuttering, will have a novel effect' The author, furious, exclaims, ' They don't stammer; it's only my miefortnne.' ' Oh, then, the play ain't funny at all ; Bony I can't accept it,' replied the manager. Beecher on the Crow.— Mr. Beecher makes the following remarks about the crow : — ' Aside from the special question, of profit and loss, we have a warm side towards the crow, he is so much like ourselves. He is cunning, and that is human. He takes advantage of those weaker than him self, and that is mankind ! He is sly, and hides for to morrow what he can't eat to-day, showing a real human, providence. He learnB tricks much faster than he does useful things, showing a true boy nature. He thinks his own colenr the beet, and loves to hear his own voice, which. * are entirely human traits. He will never work when he can. get another to work for him, — a genuine human trait. He eate whatever he can lay his claws upon, and is less mis chievous with a full stomach than when hungry, and that is like man. He is at war with all living things except his own kind, and with them when he has nothing else to do. No wonder men despise crows. They are too much like men. Take off their wings, and put them in breeches, and crows would be fair average men. Give men wings, and reduce their smartness a little, and many of them would be almost good enough to be crows.' Old negro slumbering with his feet pointing to a glimmer ing fire. Opens one eye and gets a glimpse of them, as they stand up in the obscurity. Mistake them for two little negroes, cries : ' Gif fum 'fore me,' and relapses into sleep. After a while opens the other eye, and still seeing the intruders, says, ' Gif fum 'fore, I say: I kick you in de fire if you don't, shu' ' — and again he snores. His dreams not being pleasant he opens both eyes, and still . seeing the little pests, he draws Hp his feet for the threatenedl kick, Dut is alarmed to see the enemy advance upon him,, and exclaims, ' Wha', where you comin' to now ? Humph! my own foot, by golly.' A good story is told of a well- known Episcopal bishop of an American diocese. We refrain from giving' the name, from appreciable motives of delicacy. The bishop is a. very staid, glum sort of a good jnaa, and the last one in tho world to enjoy a joke, especially one on himself. A wag gish friend, meeting him the other day in a car, after a reference to his high-church principles : ' Why, bishop, I hear that on Easter you appeared in your pulpit with a crown and a palm ! ' ' What! ' exclaimed the bishop, in astonishment. 'Nonsense! You know better.' 'Yes,' replied the other, ' with a crown on your head and a palm in your hand.' 'It is a libel! Who could have stated such a story?' responded the distinguished prelate, warmly. ' But, pshaw ! it is idle to talk about it ; it is so absurd.' The conversation was changed, but the bishop did not forget his friend's words ; they preyed on his mind and worried him; he was afraid the libellous, atrocious report should get into the papers, and then it would be come a popularly accepted fact which there would be no denying. He sought his friend the next day at his office,, for the purpose of learning the origin of the outrageous ?? story ; but the other, who is considerably of a wag, sorely vexed the spirit of the accomplished prelate before he would make any satisfactory explanation, and then, with a laugh and a twinkle of the eye, he exclaimed : — ' Why, bishop, haven't you a crown on your head, and a palm in your hand? See?' The bishop was so much pleased with the explanation that he succeeded in raising a laugh ; though the expression of fierce solemnity that settled on his features as he left shortly after, leads his friend to believe that he did not thoroughly enjoy the joke. The American journals are now occupied not only in re-* cording the movements of the fashionable .world to and from lie various watering places, but in chronicling those of what, with a preference for homely nomenclature, they % choose to call the ' potato-bug.' This engaging insect cuts a great figure in their columns, and many intere»ting talcs of his habits and proceedings are given. He seems, among; other remarkable characteristics, to be admirably adapted for sending about by post for the gratification and instruc tion of absent friends. This is a meritorious quality, since 'lespetits cadeaux entretiennent l'amitie.' The ' agri- cultural editor ' of a New York paper has been favoured., with a gift of five bugs, which arrived in a small box, and seems quite to have won his respect by the fortitude with which they bore the personal inconvenience consequent on being sent as a present by post. They were on first start ing provided with a very small potato leaf, which, he ob serves, must have satisfied their wants but a few seconds. The provision has not been renewed, yet they have bravely lived on for a fortnight, doubtless actuated by a feeling of responsibility to their sender. What, doubtless argues a conscientious bug, is the use of being sent as a delicate attention from one friend to another if you can't contrive , to live? _« _. — — — — 