THE FESTINIOG RAILWAY. (From the Times, December 25.) THE resources of the Festiniog Railway have lately been increased by the addition of a second Fairlie locomotive of the type of the "Little Wonder ;" and by some new rolling stock intended to accommodate the increased passenger traffic of the summer season. The engine, which is named the "James Spooner," has been built by the Avonside Company at Bristol, and made her trial trip on the line on Thursday. She does not differ from the Little Wonder in any im- portant respect, but has been improved upon in some minor details, among which should be mentioned a regulating apparatus, the contrivance of Mr. Percy Spooner, by means of which the driver can work the two engines either separately or in combination. On the 2 feet (or rather 1 foot 11½ inches) gauge of the marvellous little railway the engine descended, from Duffws to Portmadoc, a distance of 14½ miles, at an average speed of thirty miles an hour ; and was pushed to a speed of fifty miles an hour on one portion of the journey. When passing at this rate over a straight line, her course was as perfectly smooth as that of a tramway car, and only in going round the sharpest curves, curves of two chains radius or less, was the smallest oscillation per- ceptible to those standing either on the driving or on one of the bogie platforms. The slight oscillation then produced was not a to-and-fro lateral movement of the engine as a whole, like that of an ordinary loco- motive, but an alternate rising and falling of the sides of the carrier frame, and was supposed to be due to the elasticity of some indiarubber packing on which this frame is supported. The engine being quite new, and hardly settled to her bearings, no attempt was made to test her traction power to the full extent ; but this will certainly not be inferior to that of the Little Wonder, which, weighing 20 tons herself, is able to draw a train a quarter of a mile in length, and weighing 213 tons, at the rate of ten miles an hour, up an uninterrupled ascent which averages 1 in 90, and reached 1 in 69 at its steepest part. So winding is the road that with a train of this length, the occu- pants of the last carriage only get a glimpse of the engine five times in the 14 miles. In truth, the Festiniog Railway follows a course, much like that of a path cut for tourists in a mountainous country, bend- ing round cliff-sides, passing through deep cuttings, and overhung by frowning precipices. The new passenger rolling stock, like the engine, is mounted on double bogies, each bogie platform having four wheels. The carriages are 6 feet wide, and 36 feet long over all ; and are composite, containing first, second, and third class compartments. Each compart- ment holds six passengers comfortably. Before com- pleting the superstructure, Mr. Spooner, the engineer of the line, tested the practicability ; of the carriages by running platforms of the same size, and he found that they made their way round the curves with perfect smoothness. For the goods traffic of the line, which consists of slates, coal, timber, and general merchandise, he does not propose to alter the small waggons already in use, since the extraordinary facility with which they can be moved and handled, and the small amount of non-paying weight involved in their employment, are found in practice to more than compensate for the absence of great cubic capacity. When the trials of the day were over, Mr. Spooner entertained the visitors, on the occasion at dinner, and, in response to his health, entered somewhat fully into the question of the utility of narrow-gauge railways. He said that he thought a gauge of 2 feet 6 inches was ample for every purpose to which a railway could be applied, and that the diminution of the dead weight of the rolling stock, by facilitating stoppage in cases of danger, would render high speeds more safe on such a line than on one of the ordinary gauge of 4 feet 8½ inches. Referring to the controversy now in pro- gress with regard to the future gauge of India, Mr. Spooner said that the supposed difficulty of carrying bulky goods, such as unpressed cotton, on a narrow gauge (was unreasonable. His own rolling stock was constructed with a view to a heavy traffic ; and would require modification for traffic of a different description. But he would undertake to carry on the Festiniog Railway as much impressed cotton as could be carried on the Bombay and Baroda, and that without the smallest difficulty or inconvenience. With regard to the break of gauge, it only wanted well-con- sidered mechanical arrangements. His railways formed, a sort of junction with the Cambrian railway at Minfford ; and large quantities of coal and slate, not to speak of other merchandise, were interchanged between the two lines. He found that two men, working steadily, could transfer 100 tons of coal per day from the Cambrian to the Festiniog trucks ; so that the break of gauge added not more than one penny per ton to the price of coals in the district sup- plied by the latter railway. In conclusion, he paid a warm tribute to the public services rendered by Mr. Fairlie, whose engines increased nearly threefold the carrying capacity of any line to which they were applied. In Wales the gauge of the Festiniog railway is about to be much extended. A similar line will shortly ba opened from Portmadoc through Beddgelert to Bett- wa-y-Coed, and others are projected in different directions, while twelve Fairlie engines, resembling the James Spooner, have already been ordered for the purpose of working them. Ghosts -A writer in the London Globe says :-- "Who will deny that there lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted 'enlightenment of the nineteenth century ' can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions ? What is spiritualism but a mode of the same disease ? We are not so credulous as our simple forefathers, and we have a way of severing our judg- ment from our faith, and being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that such things do not exist. What is the experience of each one ? Is there any reader of this paper who, however fortunate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance, who has seen a ghost ? We do not mean sounds or rappings, but a real bona fide \-- we were going to say-- flesh-and- blood live ghost ? The writer himself forms no exception to the rule which he believes prevails. Here is a story to him by one of the chief actors :-- Three students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired, after dinner to the room of a friend. There is no im- portance in the words 'after dinner.' College beer is very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four friends were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly, so that every part of the room could be aeen. Its shape was of this kind. The door from the ctaircaso was at one corner ; directly opposite to that was another door, which led into the bedroom. There was no other approach to or exit Irom the room. The fireplace was at the side of the inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chatting together, when they distinctly Baw the outer door open gently, ond a figure pass in. It crobBed the room, and passed through the opposite doorway into the bedroom. Three of the young men rushed at once into the room, examined every part ef it together, but thero was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on seeing the apparition, What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the only instance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several people simultaneously. As a general rule, if the apparition appears to more persons than one it doeB so successively, as in the French story just told. Another circumstance that is remarkable m this case is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrived immediately at the idea that the visitor was a ghost. The spirit was, indeed, known to two of them-that is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost of their brother. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt in- stinctively ant? unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is told as a thing that happened." American Nationality.-The Washington corre- spondent of the New York Tribune gives from the returns of the recent censuB some vory interesting in- formation respecting the distribution of the foreign element in the United States, and the composition of the native-born population. It appears that of the 38,500,000 in the States, 6,500,000, or just one in seven, report themselves foreign-bom. Of the natives as many as 9,734,845 were born of parents both of whom were foreign ; 10,521,233 were born of a foreign father and a native mother; and 10,105,626 of a foreign mother and a native father. Thus 20,626,859 have one parent foreign ; while only about 3,000,000 of the present population of the United States, or less than 1 in 13, were bom of parents both of whom were themselves bom in the States. With respect to the distribution of the foreign immigration, the_ corre- spondent says :-" It groups itself densely in the commercial centres and the manufacturing and mining districts of the East, follows the chief lines of railroad through the middle States, spreads itself pretty evenly throughout the peopled region of the West, with a marked preference, however, for the vicinity of great rivers and lakes. It does not take kindly to mountain districts or to soils of small fer- tility, and prefers a forest to a prairie. Thus, the heavily timbered regions of Michigan and Wisconsin have a larger foreign population than the prairies of I Indiana and Illinois." The above extract states the law of the distribution of the entire foreign element, but each separat« nationality shows a preference for certain districts over others. Thus, the Irish, who are returned as numbering 1,855,827, "are massed in greatest numbers in Massachusetts, Connecticut, and In the vicinity of New York city." The reason is obvious enough. The Irish in the first years of the emigration were flying from famine, and were, speak- ing generally, in the lowest state of poverty. It was absolutely necessary for them, therefore, to get employment at once upon landing, and the friends to whom they sent remittances to come out after them naturally settled as near as possible to those who had helped them out. But they are not confined to towns, though in them they are most numerous. The largest stretch of country which they have peopled in considerable numbers extends from Syracuse to Buffalo. Here their density is from 6 to 16 to the square mile, lhere is also an extensive district in northern Illinois, and another in North-Eastern Ohio, where they number from three to six to the square mile. The Germans, whose aggregate number is 1,690,410, show a fondness for cities as well as the Irish. They are numerous in New York city, but not in the State ; in central New Jersey they are also in large numbers, but they have curiously avoided every part of New England except western Connecticut. Their chief settlements are between the Delaware and Susque- hana, in Pennsylvania, on both sides of the Ohio around Cincinnati, along Lake Michigan, on the west bank of the Mississippi near Dubuque, around St. Louis, and in Missouri. In these settlements their density varies from three to as many as fifteen to the square mile, or about the same as the Irish where they congregate. The English immigrants, who number as many as 550,904, and the Welsh, who amount to 74,633, are chiefly found in and around the great cities, such as New York, Boston, and Philadel- phia, and wherever there are coal-fields and iron- works. Their principal agricultural settlements are in western and central New York and in Wisconsin. The Swedes and Norwegians together numbor 211,574, and, of course, some of them are to be found in New York, a few also in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, but nearly three-fourths of them are settled in Min- nesota, Wisconsin, and Illinois. Chicago is their favourite city. The immigrants from the British Provinces, as many as 493,434, are principally found along the border line, but they are pretty numerous also in the manufacturing districts of Massachusetts and Rhode Island and in the great cities. The Chinese are returned as no more than 62,674, far less numerous, that is, than the Welsh, and they are scattered over California and Nevada. Their numbers elsewhere are unimportant. Lastly, We are told that the immi- grants of the so-called Latin races, including Mexi- cans and South Americans, do not equal those from the little kingdom of Bavaria alone. The Spaniards do not exceed 3701, and a third of these live in New Orleans ; the Italians are only 17,149. But the French muster a large contingent— they number 116,240.— Pallmall Gazette. Ancient and Modern Art.— Pictures by the old masters adorn the inner walls of the National Gallery. Those of the young masters embellish the exteriors of other buildings, and also decorate the gates and door- posts. The last-named artists are mostly members of an Academy composed of Cads.— London Punch. 