A STony WOTIT A MORAL--The Flie gende Blatton (Munich), has the following amusing satire on the position of promoters, directors, and shareholders, of limited liability companie :-Jack: I say, Jim, let's form a limited company for the acquisition and utilisation of a cigar, Half the capital is subscribed already-here's n penny I Jim: All right, Jack. The remainder of the share, are taken.-Jack buys ,the cigar, and puffs away at it. Jim: Now then, Jack, let me have my pull at it I Jack: Don't be in a hurry for that. Didn't I propose the specula tion, my lad? I'm the projector and director. I manage and work the concern. I smoke. You are the shareholder; if you think I get too much of a pull out of it, do the coughing and spitting if you like-I don't mind. IoMPRESSIVE TEnPERtAwon LEoTURI. George Driver, who was executed on the 14th March, for the murder of his wife at Chicago, just before he was turned off made a remark able speech. He seized the noose dramatically and, shaking it before the crowd, said : "Just remember that rope if you go into a saloon and get tight. See what that liquor will bring you to as well as it has brought me to. Remember that now, and look out for your. eelves.-New York Herald." THe LADY OF TweLVz DozEN HAND. KxmnHtIBSs.-Whon Trollope, in one of his novels, spoke of a bride having twelve dozen pookethandkerohiefs, he considered he had reached the verge of probability. But Mine Rothschild, who a few weeks ago became Mrs. E. Yorke, did not confine herself to handkerohiefs in dozen dozens. The Bond street milliner to whom the order of the trousseau was given, had instructions to provide twelve dozen of every article which it was within the bounds of possibility for a lady to require. Pen and powers fail to pourtray the piles of dresses, mantles, linen, lance, shoes, &c;,, which were to make up the trousseau. The cost happily concerned only the Rothechilds; but it must have been con siderable, for for one of these evening dresses alone would be required fifty yards of sillk.. Suoh is life-in London. The young lady for whom all this mass of finery was pro vided was the last person who would have been expected to indulge in it, She it was who with her sister completed about two years ago a translation of the Old Testament Scriptures, but which was printed only for private circulation. It was the work of several years, during which time the trans. latore almost altogether eschewed fashionable life.-Belfast News Letter. STove HAPPINes.-A friend says that no man can know what true happiness is who has never been married and had a mother-in law and a wife's aunt living in the house .with him, and then saw them die. Here is an adventure with a shark. Our informant tells us that he was coming over from.Goro in an open boat, on the 8th inst., and when nearing Wakaya the frail craft was attacked: by an immense shark. The boat was first struck somewhat violently, which made him think that bshe had tenohed some coral patch; but he was soon undeceived, for on looking down into the water he saw the monster of the deep abshout to renew the attack. The boat.hook was at once called into requisition for purposes of defence, and a combat ensued. Th1 shark renewed his attacnke, and each time was violently assaulted with the hook, until the last time the hook was driven with such force as to canuse the fish to beat a retreat. There was a lady in the boat at the time, and the horrorof her position miay be better imagined than described,-Fiji Times. A writer in the Baptist Weekly says:e A A very hard.hearted clapper in an old church tower professed the intensaest dietrose because its bell wasee hopelessly cracked. 'lMany people thought it a pitiable position, and wished the end-hearted 'clapper a better bell. But just then the ghost of ancient Diogenes, the sage, floated in through the window, and whistled , most angrily : ' Measter Olapoper, cease your noise, and remember, in the firset plance you cracked the bell; and secondly, nobody would have known it had you not told them.' I have observed often that those who bemoan divisions in a church are they who make them; and I also observe sometimes that they who make them are most ready to publish the fact, I have observed another fact-viz,, that all clappers are not of as good metal as the bells they crack." A bravo little boy in Ohio found a broken rail on a railway line, and perceiving the peril in which the train would be placed if 'it should come dashing past without warning eat out on the fence for five long hoursn in the bitter winter cold, in order that he might carry the first news of the accident to hie father, who is local editor of a paper pub. lished in the neighbouring village. Josh' Billings says :-I will state for the information of those who haven't had a chance tow lay in insoct wisdum as freely as I heovw, that one single hornet, who fools well, will'break up a whole camp- mooeeting. 