t&X;/A. OUBIOtTS . CASE. I In By (quiet time of year when none of the daegeH9l&nd; treapherout I litH® storms so fre %uentlnitos \ ithe hame cif whitbliUa|K4iBtib%(Btoit»qCLil Serenity of its deep blue waters j wmO| j day the warm ind brifliant raj of the son the crest 'of every littto ripMe >htri||rklef Ull the surface of the sea resembles.!! dewy meadow at sunrise ; and when at night the moon always rises clearly and brilliantly into a deep bine expanse of cloudless sky, stndded with myriads of stare that shine with a softer and purer radiance than they ever do when eepn through the foggy, misty atmosphere of our beloved England. It was at such a time, and on such a night as this, somewhere between Beyrout and Malta, that 1 the noble frigate Aster was cleaving her way through the dark waters— s6 quietly and smoothly that, , but for the phosphorescent line of light Which she left in her wake, and the ripples of brilliant foam which she scornfully daahed, with a murmur as of protest at their unwonted distur bance, from her shapely bow, could an observer have been .near her, he might have thought he grazed on some beauteous vision of a ship, with all her bellying sails gleaming white in the moon light against a dark background of sky, instead of a solid reality of oak and canvas, freighted with living men. Captain Richard Montague had left his orders for toe night, and had turned in some hours before. The middle watch had been mustered, and were Btretobed about the deck, amongst the ropes, and between the guns, seeking such repose as the hard planks afforded their Weary limbs- lulled to sleep by the almost imperceptible motion of the ship, and the soft, cool breeze, which was just sufficient to fill the swelling sails. Lieutenant Jones, the officer of the watch, was pacing up and down the quarter-deck, keeping a watchful eye on the sails and the helmsman, his hands buried deep in the pockets of his loose, easy-fitting monkey jacket, and whistling softly to himself, "Home, sweet home." For myself, I was listlessly swinging my legs on the capstan, in a peaceful attd contented frame of mind, drinking in the placid beat ty of the star-apankled sky, and letting my thoughts idly roam away to my far-off English home, in which direction they were probably carried by the soft, low whistling of the lieutenant. , , A tinkling sqund was suddenly heard from beloW, arid Mr. Jones stopped in his walk and Mb Whistling to listen. "The captain's bell, sir," said I, jumping off the capstan, And so it was, as the sentry informed us in due time, with the additional information that I, the midshipman of the Watch, was Wanted in the cabin. So down I, Wept; Wdfideriog net a little What hb could possibly want. Now, Captain Richard Montague, in command bf her Britannic Majesty's ship Aster, was not a erotohety or fidgety man ; nor had he any of fhoee kullyiDg propensities that, alas! too many ef our otherwise inestimable captains notoriously evince. He was a kind, courteous, gentlemanly man, firm and stiaightforw&rd; ; very different from the hid shbboi of blustering, swearisg; rough find reacty old Sea- dbgs that every reader of Marryat'a wonderful stories is inclined to asso ciate with the idea of a ' savy captain." He was one who maintained strict discipline in his ship, without the exercise of any undue severity. On shore he was jovial and affable to all, a keen sportsman, and an enthusidbtic promoter of athletic sports, shooting matches, draihatib per- lormanceB, ehd games /or the amilseihent of his men— inciting both officers and men to a whole some rivalry in such diversions, at all of which he himself was an adept. He was a man habitually cool and courageous in time of trouble and danger, and had won honours and distinctions for personal gallantry from a grateful country. But when I went into his cabin on this particu lar night he was nbt him&elf.; Something appeared to havb chaken the equilibrium of his habitually steady intellect, and I knew that it must be au affair ot great importance, for his baud shook as he beckoned me to come closer, and he was looking pale and agitated iu the extreme. He was in his dressing gown, sit ing by a table on which a light was burning aud beside hitn was placed a glass of strong brandy and Watbr. He seemed about to communicate something ; but, after some hesitation, appeared to change his miud, and asked abruptly if I went the rounds of the ship below regularly during my wafceb, accord ing to his orders. I replied that I did. " That's right," he said, apparently a little relieved. And then, aftei" a pahsb, be asked me, with considerable earnestness of tone and manner, if I had done so in that watch. And, as he asked, he looked eagerly into | my eyes, as if to make sure that I was not deceiv ing him. I answered that t had, most strictly and con scientiously. Ha lliAn naiad niA Avpral nl.hnr iiiiflfllinnA of a similar nalure, to all of which 1 suppose I returned satisfactory answers, for he seemed relieved, and dismissed me with s short laugh, and a pleasant ' Good night Thank you." And before I shut his door I heard Mm mutter, "Pshaw ! folly !" aud laugh again. Te say that I was surprised by this extraordinary and unusual conduct on the part of , Captain Montague would not express half of what I felt. There was much in the agitated manner of such a man to excite apprehension j for I knew him sufficiently well to be sure that he would not be frightened by a fancy. He was a sensible, well tod ucated man ; and I had heard him sometimes when the conversation had happened to turn on such subjects, ridiculing in an uqassumed manner the foolish superstitions of the ignorant and timid. I could not think that he was suffering from nightmare, brought On by indigestion, for he was exceedingly temperate. He had not been entertaining that evening, -and he was in good health. Besides, I felt sure that he would k mself have attributed such a thing, had it been the case, to its true cause; and the more I Ihougutof it, the more bohvihred I beoame that there must be something of a serious end praotioal nature to have suoh a powerful effeot on a man possessed ol such a healthy nervous organisa tion. I was not, however, so much alarmed as curious. There arose in me a determination to solve the mystery — to discover if there really was anything wrong in the ship, and what it was. Goqjeetore . on conjecture flitted through my pussled beam, all equally wild and unreasonable. I baa no clue to work on s but still I felt a burning desire to , (tad out Uw oimoing of it Bo, briefly tolling son mr totm. j&i.; JM»! «g«in, I SgJ » ftelt a. tfohCl? 1 "»«# ttTlf ®«M«. and inuF but nothing tewatdedeu® "S®. U' m "nd" the muri'a <w to qniot1" only'tha V«mj breath!' Lnn'rT' But M i tbing, peered into the water reom doors, crept into dusty . no one Lad ever tried fib get into hafo rhBP" ship was built, but the on®y "Eft have been expected, to tend n-soareortoiT8 1 scampering in alarm over the deck, and <x>vered all over with dust and wkltewX S last I had to give it up, fa0t and tired with search, and just as wise as when I started y .htefreSTnSlMTly » ' mX.er6h"ey0ttbeen®Uthi(to»?" « Qoing the ronndi, «ir," I repUed. Mr. Jonei, however, would not believ. ' 1 , thirsty, and that he would be the betterfora. 2 ' , grog. Now, there was a bottle of n> ja h, cabin, also a tumbler and wafer, fie ... fond of rum and water; but duly fcrbad/hU going to get it. He did not dare to sand bL' the men into his cabin ; and, as T was the onl other person he couldsend, it ig ,«ar6ely toS wondered at that he should bars bbeome mo aad more inoeased with me as the time wora " and hit thirst increased As soon as how things were, I oame to theobriouBaoaclttim that the best method to appease his anger imto quench his thirst. I went down to his cabin 11 quickly as t oould, and mixed him a glass of extra strength to compensete him for thedelaj. I was hurrying on deok with it, when, W is I reached the top. of the hatchway, I saw vhatar. rested my RN>wfe|W, roofo4 fe? to die spot is amazement. The captain had ceme up the afferlidder, winch was Close to his cabin door; and was sivaum quietly forrtard— a bright streSk of &0psMfc from which I was shaded by the Sails, dijmtop light as strong almost as day over anfarwnd him. His coat wm open, as if thrown homed/ on, his feet were slippered, his cap was poshsd back on his head, exposing to view aboe m which toe signs of horror were strongly mirled, cryee starting forward and bloodshot, lips apart and quivering, and cheeks the pallor ot which peared quite ghastly in the cbid blue moon\i|hh He evidently did not. observe me— thoah t oould tee ' Mm sufficiently well to note every detail of his appearance — but, with honied foot steps,, made straight for the officer of tte watch, who was standing on the end of the bridge, with Mb back trirhed to Mm, trying to make oot a light that had been reported on the weather bow. ' - As soon as I recovered from the shock his wild aud extraordinary appearance . had gifen fie, 1 went back hoi Mr. Joneses cabin, and pot dowfi the glass of grog— for it was out of toe qasitim that an officer of the watch should take twb s thing when toe captain was on deck— snd eime up again at once, "Quiefc, the terpenter—quick!" I heard tee captain shout :ae-I came up the ladder, and ou Voice whs eliiaely ag'W- k "What cshbethe matter? , One would thiol the ship was sinking, rihp must hate sprung bad leak in hie cabin," I thdficht. " Quick— toe carpenter! Jted for him. te shouted ugaini matching sight of me. , And X sent, two men after the two or three wte had already gone m search of that officer Presentiy tfee carpenter oame-wp, rrther toniehed; as rhaybe enppofied, byfghan wuite and hurried sutfimohe, arid riot C irrtle alaraes. " What is the matter, sir ? he ifhiBpefed M ® P"BIhnure I don't know," 1 r6Plie,j make haste. The captain's in a dreadful way about something or other." . , , -k The bell struck four times, etgnffymff 'te! » was 8 o'cltefc. The captain started at the sou i and again Called fOr the carpenter. J. " Coming, sir, ' replied Mr. James, as he sp I 0a"tBringthat case on deck," said the eaptaft " What case, sir ?" said Mr. 0f " In the foremost locker, the e|»rb your storeroom; in a esse marite Officers.1 BriDg it on deck, quick. . J:..U 1.:. nAMBtorr orow j nere was no uwooej y- - g tery — there was no questioning it; but i _ add one to give. What could toe with a case, the property of the ,rard|® in the fitsfc place t and, j ' hf. ii he to find out, in the miHdls of thenMjht, was there, in a place where it right to be ? and then, wby wte d stjangei and not in the proper 8torflroom, dr#om Btor< too, most of all, that a case. of ap. could have agitated the stoally brought peared to have done, and i for no him on deck in the to send? down Other purpose seemisglj mote s. ASui j- Sh. « a' 'r,'- ££tdit OOBU&f; oarprater oould give me rtTtesm®; si sJjrJfti remember, and filled th itaway in myst««ffl|M toy up. I thouilrit waaj>nV wcsbaUsoonseewlta a m WeD at toe box and said up , parefrdly— doat tot hereonthebridgo. t he His woioe was rathav hu ijv oo h hu fs» have rained his oom osare, ww a still very pale. nothing tpftOUUft outwardly about »bo&W;»fc lnfc b » foot and a T'Ss and? deep, made of: common deal hl-nliogaii'' a®& > narrow iron, J aanh end. The name of some denial liSwas stamped on it in black letters, but SSdefac10.110 "6ode ; that wa® pnntod, ' Wardroom ; Office, fl®i ter." Outwardly, it was nothing. SrTrtmM it oontain ? WW. i» gaid the captaiH, when the two men baide him, "give it a good awing, and f®. J, orerboard. One, two, three, and Hi otf/Ln gnlaah— the mysterious case was gone ! twn dovn, through many fathoms of blue it sank, and with it carried a secret of such f5 import that it had blanched the cheek i j allied the hand of a man accustomed to the 1 of the sea horn his youth, and who, in the critical moments of danger, had never £. shown to those around him that the of fear afl inown to him- poini down it sank, the waters olosed over t, v miffhty sea took it to henelf, for ever hiding » lorn the sight of men. The clear, bright moon l iion the place ; the bubbles that marked the jj!? bunt and melted away. The restless ocean qo trace of the place where the mysterious JJ J,, engulfed j but the ripples danced uLid fro in the moonbeams as they had danced and the ship glided silently and swiftly 7ras sorely disappointed. I thought, of Mane when the case was ordered to be brought deck, that it would be opened before the SLtain'e eyes, and I should be made acquainted the reason of his unusual excitement. The old carpenter stared aghast. "Gfood Lord!" he ejaculated, " what have jjme ever him? Depend upon it, he's seen a he wiped the perspiration from Us brow, for he wm ® superstitious old man. « Q-host ! What's a ghost got to do with a box of pickles?" sneered old Tom Baffles, the boat Jfot mate— a privileged oddity. " It's my opinion he's gone stark, staring mad." Vfoem things in that 'ere box weren't his'n to (jmok oTerboard. He'll, be a chuokin'rny bag onr next," grumbled another man — a discon- lojtod and insubordinate character. I moved away. The conversation wafc not 201st for my ears, and I had no wish to play the o&wdropper.; foil an hoar did Captain Montague pace up nddown the deck with the offioer of the watch ; id d for that space of time I had to curb my impatieuoe to hear the story which I knew be vonld have to tell me, and for the same length oftime had the thirsty lieutenant to wait for bis ilia of frog ; but when at last the captain did spin seek his cabin, I lost no time in bringing him np the long-delayed refreshment, and, whilst drinking it, he detailed to me the following particulars i j Captain Montague had turned in as usual after ' giring his orders for the night to the officer of . the first watch, and having nothing to disturb bin, and being in good health, he was soon fast uleep. How long he slept he did not know ; bat laddenly he heard a loud cry of " Fire !" I Only half awakeNed, and not sure whether the H ioiw vat in his cabia or outside, he started up, I I tad involuntarily said — I "Where?" I To i wluch question he distinctly heard a voice I in his cabin answer— "A. cue of inflammables in the foremost locker, starboard side of the carpenter's store room, narked ' W ardroom Officers,' has ignited." Mt then the bell struck four times. He sprang ool of bed and searched for the owner of the IT j n®was bere- Ihen he rang his 1 .Ul rnmmoned the sentry outside, and Questioned him as to who had come into his w in . bat the sentry— a reliable man — was certain that nobody had passed his post. The imejteOjWag close on eight bells. So, satisfied ti» 7? a?6 een dreaming, and rather L. . f having agitated himself about nothing, in onI!i Bentry » an(i proceeded to turn dwniM nwil6 ' Qt be C0U Ht succeed in quite l. . . "f. subject from his mind, and when Madr«m:P-6ain' te itei With TM of that moat awful iht n. a can happen to a ship at sea — 1 skm ne8\ He was on deck, amidst a 1 saribshia Coa und horror perfectly inde ibaV, ' ®nveIoped in hot and ohoking I the hich the lurid glare of I the C , 68 oa8t a dingy red light on I while onUll \i dead and hokiDg men ; I icair JI "I 8brie8 of anguish and I fciloi C; tk® scorched and drowning 1 thssoLw I'"18 roar of the flames and I f the tmT f 6n the burning fragments I herbtiU .fj 88 they separated themselves from I Wok'i,J.l i,lto,thewa,er- I ®Wfiioon ' Q& wa8 and peaceful. I Qdthe stflTi?' 8 D8 brightly through the port, I b> th tinV; |;ramP f the gentry keeping time I hshmjj 5 his clock was the only sound to I If I yDLffte&died; b8 nerTes with a glass of 1 taible rftortuWater' and trying to dismiss the ®iod he & \- ctl0n bis hideous dream from hie I Jpetifeion S !? asleep j but only to suffer a 1 tim lu mt>le nightmare. 1 'tcitedniv « . Benfc ?or me on waking, and I elated bVKrir0lfcy and aPPrehensioB, as I have I u®rtefi«L5l8 8fittated manner $ bat still my I te u Rafety of the vessel was insuf- I Athirdi? ev"'on I 'P 5 apain6 he tmained himself in the burning I the coX Was a "poctator of all the horrors I fe&rfini; at0n » again was he standing amid I dread BCe,ae . onfusion and death, with all intensified ; again he saw I I d him 0wn men dytg fearful deaths I W ajgi., ' W1thout being able to render the I sd wbile the hot flames darted their I ,Qffcatino 68 at bim ; and again, as the dense I bunjQif th 6Dl0 e olosed around him, did he find I Woke I10!'®® of mad despair. Again, too, I si before a dream' and 8 ana I Could K I P&lpable; r no lnger » the vision was too I 0oyawfuU He thought of the mysterious I j'1 Qot hTr lt be a supernatural warning P He I 'notr8 ia 8Ub things; bat then he I heden j a rePctition of the dream. I. t ' .a!,d 8611t or the case, of the I it wa« k bioh be had no positive certainty I "tien of J0Ll8bt up, which wonderful corro- I a1 »ee nf at 116 bad just heard convinced him I ltB dang«&ous; charaoter, and in- Moird 0rder it to be; 'Immediately thrown I 8 I « the itory that Mr. Jones related to SL i, 0!1 of it originated in his own brain, I cannot say 5 bat all tjMM? 1 had-acmarked, iq the qsptam's behaviour was singularly corroborative of his tale. I will therefore leave the readeu, to form his own con oiusioneand acoounfc for this.uriops case," if 1 f nly repiMkin8. by way, that it was aftaifWards ascertained to have been "filled with some tins of a daneerouslv inflamm»M« nit Weet in the wardroom lamps.— "Once « a 