Srominent THE SPIRITUALISTS CONFOCNDED. THE Spiritualists of Melbourne are confounded, but not undone. There has been another exposure of their delusions, but they still hold up their heads and remain faithful to their creed. A medium whom they exhibited in Weber's Room conveniently fell into a trance at the precise time she was expected to enter into communication with the spirits, and astonish the spectators with revelations from the other world. She had become familiar with the spirit of Mr. John Pagan, the mayor of Rochdale, lately deceased, according to her account; and prompted by his ghost she discoursed knowingly of the state of things beyond the grave. And it was said by several persons, Mr. Heginbottom amongst the number, that what she said was very like what the dear departed John would say if he were with the company in the flesh. The language she used was said to have been peculiar to Mr. Pagan when he discoursed on solemn, or even serious subjects, and even the manner in which it was delivered was characteristic of the man. These were the credentials the spirit of the departed gentleman presented, and Mr. Heginbottom and others vouched for their authenticity. In their mind there was no question as to the man's death, and they did not doubt in the least but that almost immediately after his entry into spirit-land he paid a visit to this part of the world. The lady was reliable— there could be no deception on her part; and as she had been singularly favoured on former occasions there was strong presumptive evidence that not even the spirit of John Pagan would be above selecting her as a medium, for his communications with the world he had just left. If in the first days of his experience in spirit-land there was nothing of much Importance to engage his attention, there was no reason to be surprised at the fact that he spared a few minutes for a long run and a short advice to Mr. Heginbottom and his friends. Of course the spirit of John Pagan knew that at such small cost to itself it could make a deep spiritual impression on an old friend, and a small circle of fellow-believers. That, however, was the result. John Pagan's visit confirmed Mr. Heginbottom in the faith, and that such a spirit had condescended to visit the Melbourne Circle was a great triumph. The good effect would have been permanent if John Pagan had only died. But he didn't; the man was alive and well when the medium here in Melbourne was holding communion with his spirit. The honest gentleman was shocked one morning as he fell upon his own obituary in an extract from a Victorian paper, copied into an English one. He recovered from the shock, contradicted the report, and mildly reproved the authors of it. If his spirit had gone to Australia, it had performed such a feat as no other spirit in the same condition had ever accomplished, for it had never left its house of clay. He was still in'the flesh, happy aud healthy, and was more than willing to remain there so long as the favour was permitted. And from the tone of the astonished gentleman's letter, it does not seem at all likely that when his spirit has taken flight to other regions it will be at all disposed to revisit these for the purpose of holding communion with the Melbourne spiritists. But by that time they may not be so unfortunate, or so clumBy, as they are in these days of their apprenticeship to their art; they may then be independent of the spirit of John Pagan and of all other spirits, and be able to excel their earliest illustrator as much as Home is excelled by others who have improved upon his tricks. The London correspondent of the Birmingham Post writes as follows :— If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr. Maskalene and Mr, Cooke, who have great qualifications for astounding them. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favourites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air, not in a dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding eaoh other's hands like so many idiots, but Sit at liberty, with powerful opera glasses in their hands, are invited on the stage, and sit there during the performance— 4 1 manifestations," I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, BO that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous audiences are permitted on the stage who can watch behind it. The floor below it is coveted with a oarpet, which tenders the use of a trap-door impossible, an& there are no possible meanB by which personsplaced in the box could escape from it without observation; yet a man enters the box; his legs are looked in heavy wooden Stocks, when the door is opened the man is jgone, and no pne can conoeivd in what way he has disappeared. He returns to his, box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. He sucoeeds in dragging into' his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again openedand although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body of the meeting, yet neither could discover how the disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other, no body was able to say, or to suggest in what possible manner they could have disappeared. The Maskelene and Cooke Bpirits excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say,- getting the better of this world, bat now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cocklane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnston down npon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooke would have been fire and faggot. THE Ovens and Murray AN* ESCAPE Advertiser reports that T. FHOM T. Bohl, the proprietor of A SXAKE the All Nations Hotel, has been sued for wages by two servant girls who had been engaged in Melbourne. They alleged that they had been discharged on account of their refusing to behave in an immoral manner. The bench ordered the girls to be paid a week's wages, and £2 10s. for board, and that they should be returned to Melbourne at the cost of the defendant. In default of compliance with the order Bohl to go to gaol for one month. Bohl of course will pay the sum and not go to gaol. And he will consider that he has got very cheaply out of a nasty difficulty. If his object had been gained the girls would have been ruined, and their prostitution would have been profitable to him. It would have brought custom to his house, and as there would then be no complaint on the part of the unfortunate women, the respectable character of the All Nations Hotel would not have suffered. That would, of course, have been a more fortunate state of things for Mr. Bohl, but as it did not so happen he may esteem himself very lucky. The disappointment will not altogether cost him more than eleven poundjB, and we don't suppose that his business will suffer much from the exposure. The class of customers who frequent the All Nations are not likely to be squeamish about trifles, and so the landlord of that now notorious hotel will not be much the worse for the whole affair. But should it be so if Bohl be guilty ? And the evidence of the girls to that effect was believed by the magistrates who tried the case. This is clear from their decision, and yet they could do no more, or appeared to think that they could do no more, than allow the girls a small sum for their expenses and the cost of their fares back to Melbourne. This offence, or rather crime, of which the magistrates believed Bohl to be guilty, is one of the worst that could be committed. It is one that must have been planned, and it is carried out with deliberation, all the consequences of its perpetration being before the eyes of the guilty party in his moments of calm reflection. It entraps the virtuous in a snare, and carried out successfully, involves morai destruction and social degradation. And yet the man guilty of such a crime may escape at the expense of a few pounds ! This should not be so, and we do not believe that, even as the law now stands, it need be so. The evidence upon which the magistrates in their civil jurisdiction arrived at a decision favourable to the complainants, should be strong enough to enable the police to proceed further with the case on a criminal charge. If this had been the first case in which girls had been decoyed into a licensed house for improper purposes, or if there were no reason to fear a repetition of the same offence, then perhaps the fine and exposure in the present instance would satisfy the requirements of the case. But as there is no sufficient precaution at the labour offices against such dangers, and girls seeking situations are liable to be deceived as those who went to the All Nations Hotel were, it is incumbent on the police to proceed further in the matter, if it be in their power to do so. At least, they can remember the character of the ALL Nations Hotel and its landlord on the next licensing day. SPAIN, distracted and THE VIRGINIA'S exhausted, yields to EXPEDITION. the demands of America. The sur vivors of the Virginius filibustering expedition—both American and English, we suppose—are to be delivered up to their respective governments. Clearly these men had forfeited the protection of their flag; they had violated the neutral- ity laws by making , war on a government with which their own was at peace. They thus risked such a punishment as Spain might think proper to inflict upon them if they were unsuccessful, and were taken in arms. Those of the number who jot short shrift at short range may have Ijeen precipitately dealt with, or even harshly, but that Spain was entitled to pronounce upon their fate there can be no doubt. If they had been taken by a Power prepared to justify its acts by its legions, they would probably have been disowned, and no demand for their liberation would have been made. Or if it had been made, it would have been met by a prompt and very decided refusal. But unhappy Spain, which is now a prey to factions, and much in the same condition as a dismembered kingdom, could do nothing else but yield. In a telegram, dated London, 1st December, it is said :— Spain has decided to restore the survivors of the Virginius filibustering expedition, and will submit the legality of the capture to a mixed, tribunal, and, if found to be illegal, will be prepared to submit the question of damages to the arbitration of the sovereigns of the great Powers. The information is not conveyed in a sufficiently precise form to enable us to say whether the surrender is unconditional so far as the Governments of Great Britain and America are concerned. It may either be that they agree to have the question at issue subsequently settled by arbitration, or that Spain surrenders the men unconditionally, though intimating that she will submit the legality of their capture to a tribunal, and the question of damages to the sovereigns of the great Powers if the verdict should be favourable to her. In any case the submission is a humiliation to her, though only such a lesson as every country where the Revolution has gained the upper hand has had to endure. THE approaching elec- THE ELECTIONS, tions are beginning to occupy considerable attention in political circles. The number of candidates is fast multiplying, and people are beginning to discuss their prospects with some interest. But as it is not always the gentlemen with the best prospects of success who come first to the front, it would still be premature to offer any opinion as to the relative merits of the candidates. That is a duty that will devolve upon us in several cases, but for the time being it is only necessary that we should furnish a list of the gentlemen who aspire to the position of parliamentary representative. Omitting in most instances names that have been already given, the number is still laTge. The name of Dr. Hearn, of the Melbourne University, has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the representation of Warrnambool, in opposition to Sir James M 'Culloch. There is an evident de sire on the part of some of the electors (says the Standard) not to allow the election to transpire without a contest, but it is very questionable whether Dr. Hearn will come forward. " Touching the forthcoming elections for Mandurang " (says the Independent), "there is already some gossip, and the candidates named for the two seats are Messrs. J. M'Intyre, Thompson Moore, J. J. Casey, and J. F. Sullivan. For the Sandhurst Boroughs there are no rumours yet afloat. A petition in favour of Mr. Robert Clark, of Sandhurst, standing as a candidate for parliamentary) honours for the Crowlands district, is now being signed. We would not be surprised (tfays the-C/woHiofe), in the event of Mr. Clark's compliance, to see him elected as one of our representatives. The Ararat Advertiser says that an influential requisition is in course of signature to Mr. Colin Campbell, asking him to Btand for Crowlands at the forthcoming election. We hear that Mr. F. R. Godfrey intends to come forward for East Bourke at the approaching election. Mr. D. C, M'Carthy O'Leary has published a statement in the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, declaring his intention of contesting the Murray district. According to the Advertiser, Mr. A. C. Macdonald has positively decided upon coming forward as a candidate for the representation of South Grant at the next general election. He has entered the field for South Grant. Mr. Laloris also in the'field, and it is understood that none of the three sitting members have the slightest intention of resigning their positions. With respect toGeelong East, a requisition was being signed on Monday to Mr. G. F. Belcher, asking him;to allow himself to be put in nomination, but'it appeared to be doubtful whether he'would accede to the request, his time being so fully occupied by his mayoral duties. Mr. W. Burrow has decided'to come forward for this district, no matter who may stand for it. Mr. Peters, a leading member of the Oddfellows and Temperance Societies •will, it is said, be presented with requimions from both Geelong East and West. ' mayor of New Town and Chilwell, stands in the same available position, but he is not anxjoue/to receive parliamentary honors. Mr. Kernot X suffered a defeat at the last general' Iw t«m Jin, it is expected, be again nonl" nated for Geelong Etet. The Gnnvilk Advocate says that there axe alreadv in the field for BaUarat East, besides the re tiring members, Messrs. Humffrav I™ M'Dermott, and Dyte. In Grease a requisition to Mr. Bell, of Mount Mercer is being got up. With the general election now near at hand (writes the Gipps Land Times), speculation is rife as to whether this district will be contested, .and already various contradictory rumours are afloat That Mr. F. L. Smyth will again come forward is certain, and while some assert that he will be allowed the privilege of a walkover, others who profess to be well informed state positively that a fight will take place for the seat. Two or three names are mentioned, but nothing is yet known for certain. It is stated also that Mr. F. C. Mason will be certain to meet with strong opposition in South Gipps Land from Mr. Bell, of Walhalla. It is announced that Mr. Berry, of Taradale, will be a candidate for the representation of Castlemaine at the next election. The three sitting members, Messrs. Farrell, Patterson and Zeal, intend retaining their seats, if possible. The address of Mr. John Whitelaw, of Alexandra, to the electors of Dalhousie has been published. A requisition has been hawked about Richmond, asking the Hon. J. G. Francis and Mr. Peter Finn, barrister-at-law, to come forward for the representation of that district. It is'understood that Mr. D. S. Campbell is likely to run with Mr. Francis. Mr. Henry Henty has been solicited to contest the district, and he has signified his intention of coming forward. Mr. G. D. Carter, the president of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, with Mr. L. L, Smith, will be the candidates put forward in the interest of the licensed victualling trade. Mr. Alexander Marks, J,P., is also spoken of in connection with this constituency. Mr. G. D. Langridge, J. P., has been again requested to be nominated as a representative for Collingwood in the Legislative Assembly. A meeting of his friends was held on Tuesday at the Grace Darling Hotel, Smithstreet, Mr. John Edwards occupying the chair. Over 100 electors were present, On the motion of Mr. Showers, it was carried unanimously that the meeting request Mr. Langridge to allow himself to be nominated. A deputation was appointed to wait upon him, when he consented to stand. A TELEGRAM has been received at Sale stating that the visit of his Excellency flie Governor to Gipps Land has been deferred until Februrary next. CITY COUNCIL.—The City Council met on Monday, and several motions of more or less publi interest came tip for discussion. Councillor Gatehouse moved that the portion of Lansdowne-street lying between the Fitz« roy and Treasury Gardens be absorbed in those reserves. The street at present was for all the ordinary purposes of traffic useless, and was merely a site upon which to deposit refuse matter. Some of the members of the council were of opinion that a carriage drive should, in place of the present road, be formed through the reserve, bnt the motion was eventually carried by a majority of ten. Councillor A. K. Smith was desirous of passing some motions, two of whioh had reference to returns which he wished to obtain with respect to the size, quantity, and cost of road metal used in the city for the past year. Another motion was that a letter should be addressed to the Government urging npon them the importance of taking action in the matter of the embankment on the south side of the Yarra. Councillor Gatehouse objected to Councillor Smith usurping the functions of the Works Committee, whose duty it was to bring up any report relating to the maintenance of roads. The return required could be procured at any time from the town clerk, and he considered that the motions tabled by Councillor Smith were intended as a direct insult to the Public Worts Committee. With reference to the South Yarra embankment Councillor Gatehouse thought that the motion was out of order, aS the matter was at present under considers* tion by the Government, and this Councillor Smith 'well knew. The assertion speedily brought the latter gentleman to his feet to claim the protection of the chair, and he intimated that if this were not acoorded him he would proteot himself, and probably there woald be a breach of the peace in the chamber. The gentlemen then subsided, and the subjeot dropped. THE WIHMERA DUMMY CASES.—The arguments in theBe oases were concluded on Monday. It remains now only for the decision of the Governor-in- Cooticil to be given. On Monday the case of Martin Shanahan, of the Marnoo run, was dealt with. It differed but little from the- previous cases, and the earns arguments were used. The arguments oon« sist mainly of a protest against the proceed" ings on legal grounds. .At the termination of the case, Mi. Trench, one of . the oonnsel lor the licensees whose runs had been recommended to be forfeited by the special land board at Stawell, asked the Minister of Leads when he would declare his decisions. Mr. Casey, in reply, said that as a protest had been made against the proceedings it would be of no use his expressing any opinion in the matter. 