S, of al JhitclliaisirF. Obtrcsive Emus.— The emu is beginning to sssert » right to bis ??native heath 11 wifh au amount of force that proves how much he has becu beuefittfrt by civilization. An instance of the ener pelic resistance w hich the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its do main recently occurred on Uullenbong plains. Mr. Kuhbins, tbo local Nitnrod, of whoso prowess in the field, let the spirits of departed ducks and snipe bear witucss, was driving across the plain in | question oil Friday lust, wheu lie came upon a t ilock of about thirty emus. Tlie birds were a con siderable dist ance from him when he tirBt observed them, but iustcad nf their muuifc?ting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, aud wheu withiu a hundred yards of him, portion made & move in tho direction of tbo vehicle and its occu pant. With stately And decided steps they ap proached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu, — a patriarchal l-ird who long hail fed uyon the plain, aud had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the oc» casioual spear of tho bl.ickfollow, Mr. ttob. bine, who had never witnessed this indiottyncraey upon the part of tho birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude aud a gun. When tho birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his c-:ri»^ity with a most in dignified somersault. Tbe however, was not fatal, aud the wounded bird made olT, perform* ing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Uobhius then jumped from his seat to follow up tbe enemy, aud, when within reach of ib, was apprised of the fact by a well-directed kick iu the stomach from the bird. lie collapsed at about live yards' distance, whither the force nf the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, aud unchnmcd his dog, Uunwn by the expressive appellation of HThe Koo!,' from the back of tho trap. 'Tbe Fool' considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, thau u similar re« sistauce to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Rohbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emu*, seeing tho rein* forcetnciik, closed up to fi^hb for their native soil and wonnrted companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal iu the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and tho tus;ht waxed warm for tome time ; nor was it nutil four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the (lock left it to tbe possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr. Kobbius secured to his trap and skinned that night by his camp lire, but tho others, owing to their weight, were allowed to remain as memo rials of the encounter. Wagua Wagga Buasa Hand.— On Wednesday evening lant the adjourned meeliug of the promo ters nf the above band was held, and the atten dance of some thirty persons showed the interest felt. Three members) joined, which, with subse quent additions, makes the number now twenty* three. A committee of night was appointed to cirry out the anau^einents, aud a resolution, ac cepting the services of au experienced bandmaster, was carried. Two members stiif are required to till up the list, which will not assuredlj' be per mitted long to wait so small a uumher. A meeting will be held on Wednesday evouing next for the purpose of considering and adopting a code of rules. This Literaky Association. — We have fallen, | not amoug thieves, but litevad. Our statemeut that the Literary Association was *' wound up' is | challenged by a correspondent iu the last issue of i the Advertiser, aud wo are charged with envy, hatred, malice, and all uucharitnwlcness indirectly, and directly with the secondary sin of lying. Aud, as if this burden of crimc was not proatcr than we could bear, we are completely extinguished by tho intelligent dictum of our estimable contem- , porary, who ??continue' the statement of bis cor* i respondent. Let us aee how far we are right j A meeting of the committee was called for Wed- j nesday evening, the 9lh inst., at which Messrs. Ramsay, F. li. Nixon, Duggan, aud Shaw atteuded. ! The outetandiug accounts were passed for payment, and the balance of cash iu baud (4s.) was handed to the Secretary of the Mechanics' Institute. We have the authority of Mr. Uamsay, tbe Treasurer, for this statemeut, and we are disposed to consider that authority tho best available. That tho hand* iug over of the surplus funds was a wiuding up per se, few will deny. If the courteouB contradic tion with which we have beeu favoured is based upon the fact of there having been only four mem bers at tbe meeting, and that their acts, not being those of a quorum % were illegal, ire hardly think that the rejoinder of our contemporary will be tegarded iu as favourable a light &s; our earlier falsehood. Tub Raid upos Defaulting Ratkpavbrs.— The 41 circular,' with which ratepayers who are in arrears with their rates have been favoured, is somewhat of a red rag. Tbe missive bas proved a thorn in the flesh to a large uutnhcr, doubtless, who dreamed happy dre&mB; of municipal forgetful ness, and vainly reckoned tbe value of the Statute of Limitations in each a case, liut it appears that there are some instances in which ratepayers, con scious of rectitude, look upon the billet with more mixed emotions. A Mr. Hazlewood, a ratepayer of East Ward, is ooe of these. He met tbe Council Clerk in Fitz«naurice*street on Wednesday, and asked the reason why one of these notices, which demanded payment of arrears for 1871 in the usual terms, should be sent to htm, as he was satisfied that he owed nothing. The Clerk as a matter of course, asked him whether he could produce the receipts, and fTazlewood replied i4 yes,' producing one at the same time, and stating that he con sidered it unfair that he should be asked twice for rates, adding the somewhat foolish throat of pub lishing the matter ia this journal. If the rate payer considered that this threat was the best method of obtaining an immediate solution of tbe difficulty he was much mistaken, for the Clerk threw down the paper upon the ground with a re mark tbat might have been a benediction upon all sorts and conditions of meu, journalists aud rate payers included. To this possible benediction was added, Hazlewood positively asserts, tbe remark that he {Hazlewood) was an ??insolent blackguard'* and ** why he dared to address him.' So much for the silly part of the affair. The papers have been forwarded to us for pernsal, and by them we find Hazlewood'* case in part substantiated. The obnoxious notice which was served upon him de mands 9s 4d for rates payable in 1871. The notice of assessment dated 20th May, 1871, shows the amount to be as above, 9s 4J, half of which is made payable thirty days after service, and the remaining moiety on the 8th August, 1871* For tbe. first moiety, 4s 8d, it receipt has been given, dated the 21st of June, 187 L. which was some days within tbe limit fixed by the notice. Hazel wood stoutly alleges that both amouuts were pud, bat evidently considered the assessment notice »' receipt, so tbat in Ibis he Is probably mistaken. Bat that be bas paid one half of the amount we have documentary evidence, 1 and therefore only owes the GobaoI 4s. 8d* in- j stead of 9s. 4d-* which is demanded of bim. Had j' be |n*t the receipt he .woold bavetwsn compelled \ w t*y the wJkp&e; iFtun, andolthoggh at is bat an - insignificant one, errors of this class ought not to be possible in the municipal accounts. The com plaint of l-r. Robiuson lodged with the Council on Timreday last was of somewhat a similar char acter, and although it was satisfactorily explained, the clerical error thus shown would probably ren der it difficult for the Council to recover the amonnt they demanded. We have given Hazle wood 's own statement of what occurred in ths first instance, and we are quite willing to believe tbat the expressions which fell from bim werecalcu to exasperate tbe Council clerk, hut the latter was certainly not justified in acting as be did upon the occasion. The case, at least, proves that rate payers, when paying their assessments, should also have notico of any arrears against them. Land Office.— The following business was transacted at tho local Land Office on Thursday last : — Conrad Foega, 320 acres, Gobbagombaliu ; George White, 130 acres, Tarcutta ; Samuel Croft, 320 acres, Mimosa ; Elizabeth Croft 320 acres, do ; Thomas Roger Ryan, 80 acres, Warre Warril ; John Joseph Ryau, 70 acres, do ; Joseph John Carney, three lots of 40 acres, do ; James Lysaught, 40 acres, Eunonyabreenyah ; George Williams, 45 acres, Bnrreuihed ; Duncan Campbell, 180 acres, Warre Warril ; Colin Campbell 320 acrcs, do ; John Fredk. Johnston, CO acres, North Wagga Wagga ; do 51) acreB, do ; John Ritchio, 320 acres, Cuddcll ; Charles Delarue, 320 acres, Cuddell ; J, Weir, JflO acreB, Urana; David Noble Clarke, 40 acrcs, Kuunnyabre^nyah ; Robert Elliot, 75 acicB, 2 roods. North Wagga Wagga; William Heury Mate, two lots of 40 acres, Oberne; David Noble Clarke, 40 acres, North Wagga Wagga. Tho total receipts were £787 12 6d for deposits, £182 ISs 4d for iuterest. ItjssEHVK.— 1 Tbo following reserve from sale on account of road tnetal Is notified In tbe Gazetto of Tuesday last No, 947, 182 aores, county of Hume, parish of Morven, on Albury aud Wagga Wagjza road. Revocation op Rbsrrves — Tho revocation of tbe following reserves is notified iu tbe Gazette of Tuesday last No. 878, county of Urana, Urange liuo Creek, Urangeline run, 1800 acrcs, for water supply or other public purpose; notified 22nd March, 1872. No. 877, county of Urana, on Uran geline Creek, Uraugelluo run, 1000 acres, for water supply or other public purpose; notified 22nd of March, 1S72. PiiK KMi'Tivp. TjRasrs. The following approved chimft for pro emptivt; leases appear in the Ciazette of Monday la9t : — Abraham Booth, 960 acres. Gob hauombalin ; Patrick O'Mara, 901) acres, parish of Hurley; Mary Raleiuh, 9G0 acres, do; I*. Hcffer nan, 900 acres, do ; John Kudd. 9G0 Acres, Urana j M, and J. H. Patterson. 040 acres. Conargo ; do C40 acres, do ; do 040 acres, do ; John Wilson, 640 acres, do ; do 740 acres, do ; Leah Howe, 640 ncrcs, Jugiong ; do C40 acres, do; do 820 acreB, do; Andrew J. A. Boveridge, 9G0 acres, Clarendon ; Walter O. Windeyer, %0 acres, Muudarlo ; An drew Rowan, 720 acres, Wabanuba, Election op Aldrkmak. — From an announce ment elsewhere it appears that notice of intending candidates for tho olfiec of alderman for the North Ward, rendered vaeaut by the resignation of Mr. M'wrarit, must be given ou or before Tuesday, tbe 29th inst. Stock Agencv. — We learn tbat Dalmahoy Campbell, Hepburn, and Co. have appointed Mr. A. T. Bolton their representative in Wagga Wagga, who, from his knowledge of tho district, and experienco among stock, will doubtless be most feucecsBful in tbo transaction ot tbat firm's business. Polick Court. — The business at the Polico Court has been confined to one or two trivial police charges No summons' ca9UB have been heard sinee our last issue. 