TÜE'FEÑciSG OF WANDEROWNA.I A. TALE OF AUSTRALIAN SQUATTING LIFE. (From the Town and Country Journal.) (CONTINUED.) Since the foregoing council of war montliE had passed, and no rain had fallen. None ap- peared likely to fall. The skies were as iron and the earth as brass. Day followed day, clear, but monotonously cloudless. The glory of the dark blue summer sky, in which burned nightly " the stars in their course," was fast becoming to the souls of the gazers, as they sickened with hope deferred, emblematic of sorrow and despair. They looked upon the un- changing heavens, which during weeks (a long succession) had scarce been flecked by a cloud, as the shipwrecked mariner regards the calm, which he feels in his heart if it remain un- broken dooms him to the most fearful of deaths. Tho grass on the frontage flats had long been eaten, trampled, and dried up, so that thc dusty level looked as if no greensward were ever again possible. Jack" Buhner's con- tingent of twenty thousand sheep, one half of his old stock, had long since passed up en route to the inonu :ains. John Buhner himself had gone on ahead to inspect a large tract of moun- tain plateaus, which but lately cleared of snow in tho warm spring weather, was now wavinr» with green grass and traversed by clear cold rippling mountain streams. On his return he was ia great spirit as usual, and declared he would'nt have missed the drought and its at- tendant adventures for anypecuniary consider- ation whatsoever. " "What's the use of Jeremiads about tho drought," demanded he, "and why this despon- dent tone and references to total loss and ruin. Go up to the Devil's Punch Bowl and see for yourself, there's scenery there you never dreamed of. It's a regular sanitary station. Simla, by Jove. Lots of nice fellows up there. Sheep have splendid . fleeces next year. Extra clip, pay sheariug expenses, give you my honour." " ls ic open country, or thickly timbered ?" enquired l£'»bbie. " Hat aer thick till you get in the plateau," answered Jack, " and tho glorious downs and rolling prairie sort of country. Famous green grass, a mue conrsu or so, luvuiy IUUU uiugai regulur brooks, by George, running through and the sheep in clover. Bather cold at nigbl -quite enjoyed a fire-grand snow-peaks t< look at. Regular Alpine region all over. Nativi inhabitants cattle stealers to ninan,but simpli and friendly. "Why don't you ffllows come i I can rent you some country on Mountaii Plain. I've got more than I can use." . " To tell truth, Jack," said Gilbert resolutely " we are not so fully stocked as you, and wc have determined to stay at home. We believi that the two back paddocks, especially as th( wells have turned out so good, will keep all th< sheep, unless things are worse than they havt ever been known to be." "Well, of course you can try, old fellow, an<3 yon certainly have more grass than any run 1 know except Palubba and Maradherce, but mind you don't hang on too late !" " We mint risk that, I know," answered Gil- bert, " and a terrible hazard it is. But we have thought the matter well over, and we are re- solved to abide the issue." " Well, you will save the expense of travell- ing which is fearful, absolutely heart-rending," said Jack, with much feeling. " The cheques I've drawn since those blessed sheep started would bring tears into the eyes of a stock agent 1 It's shearing time all the year round-give you my honour. But there's no help for it. You can't exactly cut the beggars' throats. L sup Îioso it will rain some day or another. I must >e off. now. Holmwood tolls me his milkers at the station are living upon water lilies in thc lagoon, ha! ha! They'll soon have to dive for a subsistence at that rate. I hear thero are 30,000 sheep -for the Bogan passing up to- morrow. Look out for your frontage, Hob bie.'' t?o Bulmor tho Borsekar departed, leaving his friends rather troubled in mind, and doubt- ing somewhat of the prudence of putting so large a stake ou the board as thirty thousand sheep and the lives thereof. " By Jove, it's un awful risk, Gilbert," said Hobble, after a long pause, during which they listened to the hoof echoes of Jack's wonderful grey dying away in tho distance. "Suppose the rain keeps off for six months, we shan t save a sheep ; they begin to look rather weak now. I almost wish wc had taken Jack's offer and rented some of his country." " Too late now," answered Gilbert ; "we've made our election and we must stick to it. Thc sheep aro a long way from being crawlers yet. Mind you turn out early and take Oounteni out to meet those Bogan sheep. If you don't watcli them well, they'll strip every blade of grass within miles of the road." Thc morning waa fresh and almost cool, the blood-red sun was slowly upheaving his mighty disc above tho far pearly sky-line, as Hobbie, Elliot, and Mr. G'ounteinout rode briskly along the dusty road towards the western gate. How changed was the colouring of the vast meadow, or " river lint" from the garb of spring In- stead of a prairio tall with many a waving tassel with the "sword grass and the oatgrass and the bullrush by the pool," the brown baro flat lay avid and barren. As far ns the eye could reach on cither side, there was not only no sign of vegetation, green (save thc mark), yellow, br brown, but thc whole desolate level looked ns if eternally devoted to barrenness. Looked as if grass could never grow thero again-as if not only tho Btulks and tufts, but the very roots of all grass and herbs had perished, now and for evermore. The broad lagoons, deep, cool, Iloorcü wita lloatmgBiiverpecaiieu water nura, and populous with water-foivl, were dry, dusty, and swept clean oE every suspicion of green weed or reed. " They Buy these sheep are fi ightf illly weak," ro narked Hubbie, " and dying by hundreds. Poor devils, they won't get much better here, if wo keep them to their ualf mile on each side of tho road. ''Of course we must do that," said Counte , mout, " or Btarve our own sheep. They do say that they lost three tbousund in a hundred miles -between Biirndiuo and Wilbandra. Worse than that, Jefferson summoned the gentleman in charge, and made him pay two men to HU all the sheep he 'left on his run," " That toas sharp wort. I think he might hare been contented to take the risk of their dying or living. It was too bad to make the unfortunate beggar pay for the murder of hi3 own stock. Wo had better push on. I see them drawing off camp and the first flock is passing through the gate." I AB they reached the boundary fence the first i of the fifteen flocks had passed, and the long narrow line of sheep had extended .itself along "Look at them, for God's sake,"said Hobble to his companion. "Did you ever see sheep walk along a road with their heads up like these ? They don't seem to think it worth while even to look for feed. What a fearful array of skele tons. If I met- them at night, I should take them for the ghost of a sheepstation. I have scarcely the heart to tell the men to keep within their half mile from the road." They rode up to the advancing flock which, on closer inspection, realized all the wretched- ness of aspect which Hobbie had referred to. The delusive covering of their half-grown fleeces, prevented their actual emaciation from trembling limbs-the attenuated frames of the feeble creatures, were signs easily read by the practised eyes of Hobbie and his companion. Flock after flock, file after file, tho melancholy procession passed along tho dusty highway. The worn and desparate animals never lowered their heads, or walked from side to side in the usual fashion of grazing sheep. Hopeless and nervoless, they had not sufficient energy to quit the beaten track in the vain search for pasture. Sullen and wayworn they paced slowly along tho road. They neither halted nor wan- dered, all sensation seemed obliterated except a mechanical tendenoy to move aimlessly forward till they dropped. And this process in one flock or other was con- stantly taking place. The men and shepherds who were driving the sheep, assisted at the sombre procession with worse countenances. Even they felt distressed and demoralised. "Well, my man," said Mr. Oountem out to one of the shepherds, " this is a bad look out. I never saw so large a lot of sheep so weak beforo ; you will lose a half of them before long." " Can't lose 'em much faster than we're doin' now-unless the whole biling drop down deal on camp some night," answered the shepherd, an elderly man of acidulated aspect. " They'll do that soon, unless rain comes. We dropped 3000 last week. "How do como you to beso late on the road?'* asked Hobbie, " all the low-down river sheep I have been at the mountains months ago." j " Well, I believe our boss thought the water ¡ would hold out. The feed was middlin' good ; but the back lakes dried up all of a sudden as one might say, and then we was started on the road all of a rush like." " The river was all right, though, I sup- pose ?" " The river !''said the dusty, sun-scorched, weatherbeaten ancient-" the river !" " Well," retorted Hobbie, tartly, " I suppose there ia always plenty of water in the river enough for 100.000 sheep.'' " Water enough," slowly returned the way- farer. " Tho stock might drink till all was blue, or drowned themselves, for that matter. As to feed, I wish you could see it ! Pretty well picked over, I dare say," as- sented Hobble. " Picked over," growled the injured stranger, " see here," and he stirred tho fine dust of tho road with his foot-" there's no more feed within twenty miles of the river than there is the dusty highway. But the hollow eyes-the where we aro standing, nor nasu c oeen i< months. " What an awful state of* things. Wh¡ will become of the remaining stock dow there if there are three months more di weather ?*' " God knows ! there was Jackson's an Hunt's, and Ronaldson's sheep back of us, s can't travel ; they'll lose 'em in heaps an thousands, I'm thinking.' " Here, wake 'em up, lass." The dog h addressed, a wiry, restless, intelligent calle; with one blue eye and one brown ditto, ha been ambling backward and forward bchin her flock, putting on a kind of moral pressun as it were.' At the voice of her master, sh looked appealingly at him for a moment, au then giving tongue, sprang forward upon th weary flock. A feeble rush was the resnl and half-a-dozen sheep fell instantly and la; patient and utterly incapable of risi g. '. Gome away, old woman," said the shepher apologetically. " You've got more sense tha: I have-I'd never have told yer to wake'em u¡ only 1 was talking to the gentleman and think ing of something else. You see what it's like sir. They've been like this for the last 20 mile. " Where's tho gentleman in charge of th sheep?" asked Hobbie. "Mr Delamere, isn't tha his name ? I think the reporter said so." " Well, ho went to Jeldebah last night We was camped close handy, and he and tb' super, had a harney, I believe, ind a travelle told us to-day as Mr. Delamere was in Jelde bah lockup."' " In the lockup !" [said Hobbie, much aston ÏBhed. " What in the world for¡?'' " Well I believe the Jeldebah super, has i very rough side to his tongue, he has, and Mr Delamere, though he is so quiet looiing, wil stand no nonsense from no man, and sc Bouncin' Bill as they calls 'im, fell off his 'orBC.' " And was that any reason to put a gentle man in the lockup ?" " Well, sir, you don't 'tumble,' if Bouncin Bill d'd. Perhaps he might have got a tap promis, kus-like from Mr. Delamere-he's very quiet with his hands. Mr. Delamere is, and uncom- mon neat with it. I dont know as ever I see £ gent neater." " So," said Hobbie, "that's it. Well this is Saturday, and he stands a good chance of be- ing in till Monday, if I don't Ash him np some bail. Well, good- bye. Now don't you fellows gel straggling all over my run, or I'll put yon in thc pound, shepherds and all. This gentleman will keep along with you. I'll go on to Jelde- bah." Leaving Mr. Countemout to his extremely monotonous but necessary occupation of riding at a foot paco by the funeralltooks, restraining the shepherds from wandering into the heart of the run, pretending to lose themselves and having to befetched back, after devouring every blade of graBs in their way, Hobbie rode into the city, of Jeldebah. _ This imposing township seemed compounded m equal parts of dust, delerium-tremens, dullness, and broken-bottles. Ic boasted several public-houses, two stores, a large grave-yard, a small school, a blacksmith's shop, and a police barrack. To this latter es- tablishment was affiliated the aforesaid lockup, popularly known as " thc Logs,' from the pre- ponderating quautity of these massive timbers displayed in the floor, tho wall, and indeed the ceiling of thc edifice. "Well, senior-cons tablo Byan," said Hobbie, J.P., as a very good-looking well got up trooper came out of thc barrack and saluted. "What's this you've been about, confining a gentleman (tho Governor's nephew, for all you know) in Jeldebah lockup, just like a horse-stealer ?" " Assault upon Mr. Hougham, sir. A ggra vntcd. Mr. Bougham's face fearfully cut, sir." " Did you see the assault ?" " No, Bir." " Then you had no right to arrest. I'm sur- prised that you don't know better, Byan, after all your experience. Go and bring this gentle I man up to the inn parlour, and ask Mr. Jones and Mr. "Williams, wita" my compliments, if they will walk up." Ryan departed crestfallen. He was a capital fellow, and a staunch sleuth, hound on the trail of bushrangers and horse-atealers, but from living in a poky place like Jeldcbah, he had be- come autocratic, and occasionally rendered himself open to proceedings involving dam- ages. Hobbie seated himself in an arm-chair at the top of the table, and presently the "prisoner", arrived, escorted by Byan in full uniform, and entering the door, stood in an easy nonchalant attitude before him. Messrs. Jones ^ and "Williams, burgesses of Jeldebah, came in, and bowing respectfully, seated them- selves upon the unyielding horse-hair chairs of the imposing apartment. The ordinary loungers of such a settlement-a sbopberd or two, whose' cheques were only partially melted, a teamster, a chinaman, and a blackfellow, and lastly, the hotel book-keeper, an aristocratic looking' personage with a large black beard, ranged themselves at the lower end, aud looked with anxiety for whatever tragedy might be imminent. " Cecil Delamere,'* commenced Hobbie, in a matter of fact tone of voice, "you stand charged with an aggravated assault upon Wil- liam Hougham of Jeldebah. How do you plead." " Not guilty, your worship," replied tho cap- tive knight, for such indeed he looked, in a soft maniere tone, as if he were talking to a pretty girl at a flower show. " Very well,' said Hobble. " Byan, go into the witness box. ' Byan did so, by the fiction of advancing to the corner of the table, and having been sworn, deposed as follows : " My name is Phelim Byan. I am senior constable of police, stationed at Jeldebah. On the evening of yesterday, 17th instant, at about half-past six, William .hougham gave the pris- oner into custody to me, for violently assault- ing him. His face at the time was bleeding, his eye was contused and swollen, and a front tooth had been knocked out. He said prisoner had assaulted him without the slightest provo- cation. I rode over to where I Baw prisoner and took him. When I charged him with tho as-nult, ho said ' all right,' and asked if the lock-up was empty. I locked him up. Upon searching him, 1 found four five-pjund notes und some silver, which I produce, a tooth- brush, a gold watch, a penknife, and a photo- graph." . * Cross-examined by pnsonor : " Did not see you commit any assault." " Sign your deposition," said Hobbie, who had duly written down thÍ3 important evi- dence, " and at this stage, I will adjourn thc case to Friday next, when the Polico Magis- trate of Moona-warraban will be down. Bail will be taken, in yourself for £100, and two sureties, Mr. Jones and Mr. Williams, in £'50 each. You are discharged.'' Jtmay be as well to inform those of our readers who may be interested in the sequel of this thrilling melodrama, that Mr. Delamere duly appeared before tho Court on the evening of Friday, as did also Mr. Bougham. Au unexpected mail- driver turned up, who swore to having been an unsuspected eye-witness of the terrific combat. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 