GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH, WALLOON. The above church was consecrated by the Rev. C. Gaustadt on Wednesday, the 9th instant, when the Revs. F. Schirmeister, of Brisbane; C. Hellmuth, of the Logan; and E. Heiner, of Ipswich, were in at tendance to assist in the ceremony. Some 350 persons were assembled from the various parts of thle district; the German Lutheran congregation of the Logan was fully represented, about forty having been present. Henry Jordan, Esq., of the Logan, who was among those who attended on the occasion, very kindly as sisted by preaching a sermon in the English language. At about 12 o'clock the ceremony began with a public acknowledgment and expression of thanks to Mr. Godfried Holwarth, at whose house the Rev. C. Gaustadt had held the temporary service while the new church was building. The whole congregation having sung the hymn "Naro danket alle Golt," the Rev. C. Gaustadt took his test from the 106th Psalm, v. 1, and in a few words spoke of the kindness of Mr. G. Holwarth in offering his place to the congregation for the purpose of holding Divine service. The as semblage then sang the hymn "0 heilger Geist kehr bei uns ein," marching in procession to the new build ing, a distance of about half-a- mile. Here a great number of people was assembled to witness the cere mony. On arrival at the church those present formed a half-circle in front of the entrance, and the ceremony began by the Rev. C. Gaustadt reading a lesson from I. Kings, cap. viii., v. 1 to 66. The rev. gentleman then delivered an impressive sermon, in the course of which he spoke of the goodness and liberality which the people had shown in assisting them to get the church built, and of how God's blessing had attended their undertaking. For this he exhorted them to be thankful to the Lord, and to continue instant in prayer and praise all the days of their life. After the sermon Mr. Johann Dules, the contractor for the building, handed the key to the Rev. C. Gaustadt, who opened the door and consecrated the church in the name of God the Father, and God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Thereupon the people entered the door headed by the clergy; but very many were unable to find room, and were compelled to re main outside, where they listened to what was going on within. The Rev. C. Hellmuth preached the first sermon, taking his text from St. Luke's Gospel, cap. six., v. 1 to 10. Previous to commencing he gave out the hymn "Herr Jesu Christ dich ass uns wend." The burden of the discourse was the great mercy of Jesus in the redemption of sinners by taking human flesh and laying down his life for man. At its conclusion a collection was made, amounting to about £7. The people then partook of tea and refreshments, which were provided for them on two long tables under a shed about 100 yards from the church. After the repast the Logan choir grave a few of their hymns, which contributed much to the joy of the assemblage. At about half-past 3 p.m. the people came together again in the church to hear Mr. Jordan preach in English; there were a good many English people pre sent, who took great interest in the proceedings of their German friends. The preacher took his text from the 84th Psalm, v. 4-7, " Blessed are they that dwell in Thy house; they will be still praising Thee." Mr. Jordan explained in his address- first, the cha racter and the employment of those that dwell in the house of the Lord; secondly, the way in which they walk; thirdly, the end of the way, or the destination, at which the Christian pilgrim at length arrives. The Rev. F. Schirmeister then addressed the con gregation, taking his text from Ephesians, cap. 1, v. 3, " Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us," &c.;, &c.; The rev. gen tleman pointed out-first, who received the blessing of God; and, secondly, how and by what means that blessing was received. The Rev. E. Heiner then gave out the hymn "Zench ein zu deinen Throen," which was sung with great spirit by the congregation, notwithstanding the late hour of the day. The rev. gentleman made a very able and impressive address, taking his text from Ephesians, cap. 2, v. 19-22, "Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints and of the household of God." He furnished answers to the following questions-l, What is the Temple of the Lord? and 2, Which are the members> At its conclusion the Rev. C. Gaustadt thanked the clergymen and all the visitors who had come from near and far to partake in their festivities; and the services were closed with another hymn and the pro nouncing of the benediction. The church is a neat structure of sawn hardwood ; it measures 34 by 22 feet, with a height of wall of 14 feet. At the east end of the church there is a nice altar erected, bearing the words in golden letters, "Ich bin das Brodt des Lebens." The building reflects great credit on the contractor, Mr. Johann Dules, a member of the Lutheran Church. The whole cost of the building is estimated at £120, of which about £90 has been raised by subscriptions and collections, thus leaving a balance of £30 due, which will be covered by further subscriptions. It must be a great boon to the Germans at Walloon to have so nice a place of worship for their use. There are, we hear, about 100 German families living in the Walloon scrub. 