PUNCH'S EVENING PEEPS. AIRCLOUGH and the Victoria Theatre might have been blown sky high on Saturday night, and thus have ter- minated the tragedian's engagement 1 at its very outset : but fortunately beyond a few attacks of nervousness and a considerable amount of fright, no damage was done, and no bones were broken. Now, had it been the termination of a sensational piece, such a " blow up " would have been all right, but in the middle of a solemn tragedy — Hamlet- -in the most quiet and ghostly part, it was too much of a good joke. Surely, there's enough gas let off at the Macquarie-street Theatre during the week without wasting it in such quantities at the Victoria ? Oxygen is no laughing gas, and hydrogen not to be sneezed at, so, in the words of advice given to young topers not to mix their drinks — don't mix your gases. All this just allows Mr. Punch space to say " How do you do ?" to Mr. Fairclough. In the name of United Sydney he welcomes a good actor, not a ranter, nice voice, smooth, clear, not over loud, — might have a little more passion, and throw a little more change into its tones ; knows how to do the right thing at the right moment ; doesn't keep strutting about the stage all the time, but when he does move, moves to some purpose. Mr. Fairclough has studied, and, having studied well, gives his own idea of Hamlet, without having paid much atten tion to that of any one else ; and those who don't like it, must be be somewhat difficult to please. A special compliment to Mr. Carden for his ghost, " 'tis an honest ghost," and a true one. The lines spoken with clearness and resonance, without that absence of all elocutionary reading that makes you inclined to quarrel with a ghost. A jolly old courtier does Mr. Welsh make of old Polonius, as undoubtedly he was. Mr. B. N. Jones was modest enough to content himself with the part of Laertes, aud did it well. So of this quantum suff. Mr. Dry's good ship " Evergreen" sails for Europe next week, and Mr. Punch wishes her and her clever, patient, and industrious owner don voyage. Mr. P. is sorry that he cannot have an evening peep at the Albert Ground; but he means to send a "special " there one afternoon shortly to see the fun, and his funny report will duly follow. the ILLS (masculine and feminine") at the Queen's Theatre, make a point of doing everything together to achieve success (two gills always make a pint) —as long as they show the will the way is sure to be open to them — therefore, they have produced during the week a sanguinary, sensational, and spasmodic drama entitled "The Will and the Way." Both the plot and characters are Anglo-Indian, and somewhat "mixed." Mrs. Gill played the heroine with commendable gush and grace, and the amber-tinted Indian ayah was effec tively represented by Miss Horton. The manager in the role of Joe Beans was "great fun." Mr. Douglas, ener getic, Mr. Martin, careful, Mr. Segrave, natural, and Mr. Deering, artistic, in the various characters assigned to them : but they were al most eclipsed by Maggie Olliver's tricks in " Family Jars." 