NEWS GLEANINGS. THE POVERTY AND MISERY OF A WEALTHY CITY.—The Liverpool Albion states that Mr. Simpson, a philanthropist in that city who takes a keen interest in the labouring poor, has latelv instituted some enuqiries among seam- stresses, and the result is startling. The best paid among them are the cloakmakers, and yet the wages of such a one for a day's work of 12 hours is only 12s. per week. For plain machine sewing the pay is but 7s. per week for a day's work of 11 hours. A seamstress making boys' jackets receives 5d. for four of them, which is a good half-day's work. One old woman, after years practice, earns 1s. 6d. in five days. And there are others still more wretchedly remune- rated. The price for making three dozen of men's pants is 3s. By working steadily for 18 hours half a dozen may be finished in one day. In reply to Mr. Simpson, one of these unfortu- nate pantaloon makers stated that she had to furnish the silk and thread herself. Another seamstress, who sews linen cuffs and collars, earns 5d. per day in 10 hours' work. A corre- spondent of the Albion confirms, from personal investigation, these statements, and adds a description of the places in which many of these working women labour. In a cellar 18 feet long and 15 feet wide. 9 feet under ground, he found five machines and 11 people at work. This is the way in which many feeble women 'live' in Liverpool, one of the wealthiest cities on earth." PARLIAMENT MACE FOR FIJI.—Mr. C. L. Quist, of Hunter-street, Sydney, has just executed an order received, through Messrs. Rabone, Feez, and Co., for H. F. M. Thakombau, Fing of Fiji. This is for the artistic ornamentation of a war club of the Fijian potentate, which has been adapted to the peaceful uses of a Parliamentary mace; and a very handsome one it makes. The mace is rather more than four feet long of a dark close-grained wood, richly adorned with wreaths of fern leaves, &c.;, in frosted silver. These leaves are twined round the club, which is much wider at the top than at the lower extremity. In two openings formed by the fern leaves are two doves with olive branches—taken from the national arms of Fiji. At the top of the club is the eight-barred Fijian crown, sur- mounted with its nine-pointed crosslet, the whole of solid silver, frosted and burnished. At the lower end of the mace there is a circlet of oxidized silver, enriched with wreaths, fern leaves, and diminutive palm- trees. Upwards of sixty ounces of silver have been used for the decoration of this mace, which is at once an appropriate and very beautiful emblem of the great change which civilization is bringing about in Fiji. It is understood that this mace (for which a handsome case has been made) is to be sent down to Levuka by the Duke of Edinburgh on her next trip.—Sydney Morning Herald. HOW TO PRESERVE MAORI HEADS.—Upon this peculiar subject the Canterbury (N.Z.) Times has the annexed paragraph:—"Among the specimens on the way out from England for the Canterbury Museum is a preserved tattooed Maori head, and, so far as known, there is nothing of the kind in any of the New Zealand Museums. The Maories used to pre- serve the heads of their friends and keep them with religious strictness, and when a trade in them, as curiosties, grew up, they took to preserving the heads of their enemies, first as an article of barter, and afterwards as a trophy of victory. The mode of preserving the head, briefly stated, is as follows:—The brains and eyes having been removed, the head is thrown into boiling water, and kept there until the skin will slip off. It is then plunged into cold water, and afterwards placed in a native oven so as to allow the steam to penetrate into all the internal cavities. This being effectually done, it is dried in an oven, after which the flesh is slipped off the bones, and small sticks are used to thrust flax or the bark of trees within the skin, so as to restore it to its former shape and to preserve the features. The whole process is then finished by hanging the head a few days in the sun to dry. Although at one time a good many heads were bought as curiosi- ties for Europe, they are now scarce, and though it may seem strange to have to obtain a preserved Maori head from England, it was the only way of obtaining one." HARD OF HEARING.—The Sydney Morning Herald, has the following: — "An acoustic apparatus has for a few months been in use in St. Stephen's Church, Macquarie- street, by means of which persons of impaired hearing are brought into close communication with the officiating clergyman, and enabled to listen with intelligence to the service. The apparatus is similar in principle to what has been long used in large places of business, but specially adapted to continuous bearing. It consists of gutta- percha tubing terminating at the pulpit desk, directly under the preacher's voice, in an elon- gated trumpet about two inches wide. It is completely concealed from the eyes of the congregation. The tube passes under the floor of the church, and is brought up in a flexible end for insertion in the ear. The consequence is that the person hears as well as if the clergy- man were speaking in his ear. The tube has been tried by several persons in the city afflicted with partial deafness, and invariably with the happiest results. Only one flexible joining is affixed to the tube in St. Stephen's but any number could be added. The gutta-percha tube is admirably adapted for the conduct of sound in this way, and has been applied to many churches in England. The cost is com- paratively small, while the benefit to such as have an infirmity of hearing is very great. The apparatus was purchased in London by Mr. Alexander Dean on his late visit, and by him generously fitted up and presented to the church as a token of respect for the Rev. Dr. Steel." TWO MEN ON AN ISLAND FOR TWO YEARS, LIVING ON COCOANUTS. — The schooner Prima Donna arrived in Auckland Harbour on May 27, from Tahiti, via Rarotonga, and to Captain Norris the Southern Argus, of New Zealand, was indebted for the following particulars, received by him from one of the survivors, of the casting away of two men on an uninhabited island for over two years, their only subsistence during that time being cocoanuts:—"On December 10, 1870, Mr. Chafe, overseer at the guano works, Starbuck Island, finding that the schooner ex- pected from the colonies with provisions (and then long overdue) had not arrived, determined to proceed to Maiden Island for supplies for himself and men. On the day named he left Starbuck Island in a whaleboat manned by six kanakas. Shortly after leaving a strong gale set in, during which the boat was capsized. With very great difficulty the boat was righted, but their food was all lost. On the 19th made Penrhyn Island. Landed there and procured a supply of food. The kanakas, however, refused to proceed any further on their journey, and Mr. Chafe, after procuring the assistance of a native of the island, started again after three days' delay in the whaleboat, with the view of returning to Starbuck Island. On the night of the 30th De- cember the boat was wrecked on the reef off Savarra Island. The reef is about two miles in length, and in some places covered at low water. After two days tumbling and tossing about on the reef, Chafe and the mate managed to reach the island, but they found that, with the excep- tion of some wild grass, there was no food of any kind procurable. Both men were very severely cut, and almost worn out with their exertions. After remaining there two days the kanaka de- termined to try and swim to an island about two and a half miles off, on which coceanut trees could be seen. Mr. Chafe saw the native reach the island in safety, and on the 13th (or ten days after the native had left) he made up his mind to try and follow the native. Shortly after starting the man discovered that a num- ber of sharks were in the water behind him. They, however, passed without touching him. The current drifted him over two miles out to sea. He, however, managed, with very great difficulty, to reach a reef of rocks lying off the island, and eventually succeeded in swimming to the land. After a walk of some twentv four hours he reached a clump of cocoanut trees, and attempted to climb one of the cocoa- nut trees for the fruit. He had almost reached the top when he suddenly heard a voice (the kanaka's) call out, ' Hulloa ! what do you do up there ?' Mr. Chafe then fainted, from the sudden fright he had received and from exhaus- tion. After some time he recovered, and the kanaka supplied him with cocoanuts and cocoa- nut milk. From that time until February, 1873, the two men had nothing to live upon but the cocoanuts, and barely a sufficiency of them. On the 16th February, 1873, or over two years after they had reached the island, a schooner was seen, and signals being made they attracted attention. When rescued they were without clothing of any sort, and in a most pitiable condition from the want of proper nourishment. The schooner took them to the Island of Atu (a missionary station) some 80 miles distant from where they were. Every attention was paid to them, and under the careful attention of the missionaries the two men in a very short time almost regained their former health and strength. After staying at the island till the beginning of April Mr. Chafe proceeded to Rarotonga in the Auckland schooner Edith, Captain Wayte, from which place he expects to get back to Starbuck Island. Intelligence had been received at Raro- tonga some months previous to the effect that the six kanakas who left with Mr. Chafe had returned to Starbuck Island, and reported him as dead. It was also learned that the schooner had reached the island with supplies two days after Mr. Chafe and the six kanakas in the whaleboat had left." THE OLD LION NOT QUITE ASLEEP. —England appears fully alive to the necessity of preserving her Eastern possessions, and while Russia is plotting for influence on one side, England is hard at work on the other. The Russian World gives an account of a curious conversation which, it says, took place between a Russian diplo- matist and a French staff officer of rank who arrived at St. Petersburg from a long journey in Asia. The officer assured the diplomatist that it was the general impression, both in India and China, that England would not allow Russia to proceed any further in the direction of Khorassan. "During the last ten years," he added, "the English Government has taken every precaution against an advance of Russia southwards; but it has done this in a quarter where it was little expected that England should extend her influence. Immediately after the Chinese harbours and rivers were opened to English trade political agents were sent into the interior of China and to its western frontier, and British officers, selected with great care, were authorized to enter the service of the Chinese Government. It is owing to their ability that the insurrection which had become master of the western provinces of the Chinese Empire was suppressed. Other English agents endeavoured to inspire the Chinese Government with suspicion as to the designs of Russia. The Chinese export trade, which amounts to 1,200,000,000 francs a year, is now almost entirely in English hands. These two States are daily binding together more closely the friendly ties which unite them. I have myself seen the English agents at work in China, and it was evident to me that the chief object of their efforts was to persuade the Chinese Government of the special importance of its western provinces. They have succeeded so far that these provinces will shortly be studded with forts and entrenched camps. Troops armed in the European fashion, with excellent artillery, will also be stationed there. In a word," concluded the officer, "I am quite convinced that England is doing her utmost to establish a force on the left flank of the Russian movement southward, which at any moment might be used as a blind instrument of English policy." A SUBSTANTIAL GHOST.—The authorities of the Government of Tulosch in Russia are engaged, with indifferent success, in the task of laying a ghost. A soldier, lately shot for insub- ordination, in the opinion of the country folk, was unjustly executed, and therefore deserving of the honours awarded to a martyr. Accor- dingly he was no sooner buried than they brought wax candles, pictures of saints, crosses, and even money to place on the hillock beneath which he lay. Masses for the dead were said in profusion over his grave, and he was regarded net only as a martyr, but as a saint. The police authorities attempted to put a stop to the affluence of pilgrims to the impromptu shrine by levelling the grave, but this measure ouly made matters worse, as the people considered it a desecration of the holy place, and brought more gifts than ever. The martyr also began himself to appear in a transparent condition, carrying a cross. His was on grand occasions. His "undress" manifestations consisted of a light blue flame flickering over the grave. He now became eager for more masses, and appeared to several women to proffer a request that their attentions might be renewed. In short, the last advices state that he has taken such hold on the affections of the populace by his diaphanous appearance and winning ways that the police are sorely puzzled what to do next. Meantime the innkeepers are doing well, and are suspected by unimaginative persons of complicity in the transparent fraud.—The Echo. DESERTION FROM SHIPS.—As desertion has become a frequent occurrence, the following clipping from Mitchell's Maritime Register will probably interest sailors, captains, agents, and owners:—"At the Thames Police Court, Henry Robinson, a seaman on board the ship Hallow- e'en, lying in the South-West India Dock, was charged with deserting. James Ward, the captain, said that the defendant signed articles for two years, to go from London to Sydney and back, at £3 per month. On October 26, last year, the defendant deserted at Sydney, and another man had to be substituted, at the in- creased rate of £6 per month. He next saw the defendant at Green's Sailors' Home, East India road, as he was about to receive his pay from a vessel be had sailed in after deserting at Sydney. He told the master of that vessel not to pay him as he had deserted from witness's ship. It took 100 days to come from Sydney, and the defen- dant's wages would have amounted to £9 for the 100 days, whereas the substitute cost £19, inde- pendent of a loss of over £10 which the owners had sustained through the defendant's deser- tion. The defendant said he left by the cap- tain's free permission. The skipper told him and several others that if they wished to be discharged at Sydney they could do so. In cross-examination, the captain said that several men deserted at Sydney, but he did not tell the defendant that he could follow the same course. He offered a reward of several pounds to any person who would bring the defendant back. He did not discharge the defendant at Sydney, or tell him he might leave. It was necessary that there should be a stop to seamen deserting at foreign ports, as it was of frequent occur- rence, and put the owners to great inconvenience and cost. The reason seamen so deserted was because they received higher wages on their homeward voyage, as captains were so fre- quently deficient of hands that thev were glad to ship men at double the rate father than delay their vessels and put owners to unneces- sary cost. The Magistrate said the defendant had rendered himself liable to forfeit the wages he had earned on his outward voyage, and also for the voyage home. He sentenced him to 12 weeks' imprisonment with hard labour." STAGE ALTERATIONS.—Mr. Fechter is trying some novel experiments in the construction of his new Theatre in New York. The stage will stretch forward in the centre of the house, its back being in the shape of a quarterdome with the cavity turned towards the audience. This will be painted blue to resemble sky, and, by an ingenious device, cloud shadows will be made to pass across it, when the scene is laid in the open air. The orchestra will be filled with, fragrant flowers and a stream of running water, the band playing under the stage, invisible to, but plainly heard by the audience. California!! Postal Service.—Concerning the Trans-Pacific mail service promoted by New South Wales, the Sydney Morning Herald writes:—"We are authorized to state by the contractor that the San Francisco mail line is to touch at Kandavu (Fiji) and Honolulu. The contract time between Sydney and San Fran- cisco, including stoppages at Fiji and Honolulu, is 720 hours in the first instance, and 600 hours in the second, the Home Government providing for the transit of the mails from San Francisco to England, and vice versa. It is believed when the Milford Haven and St. John's line is in operation a saving of time from two to three days will be effected. The plans and specifications, with full instructions for the new steamers, have been in the hands of one of the Clyde builders for the last nine months, and have been highly approved of." "The contract of the New South Wales Government with Mr. Hall for a San Francisco mail service," says the Otago Daily News," provides that the branch vessel between Fiji and New Zealand be of from 800 to 1,000 tons. The penalty in case of failure to provide a vessel is £300, the penalty for every day's delay in providing a vessel is £100, and the penalty for delays in the performance of the voyages is £50 per day. The contractor is not to assign or sublet his contract without the per- mission of the Government, except in the case of the branch line. The sureties are Messrs. William Cameron and J. B. Dunn, tobacconists." THE MARRIAGE MARKET.—The Sydney Town and Country paper remarks:—"That was a happy thought of the reverend gentleman who at the late Female Refuge meeting suggested the idea of State aid for matrimony. The time had come j he thought, 'when young men and young women should, in spite of the tyranny of society, enter the married state, and live upon a small income and perhaps society could be induced to give an endowment to such couples.' Of course we do not mean to insinuate that the reverend gentle man, in proposing a State premium for early marriages, was speaking in the interest of his own order, or indeed of anything but offended morality." A MOA JOKE.—A short time ago a correspon- dent of the Grey Valley Times, a New Zealand paper, sent an account to that paper of some supposed-to-be bones that he had dug up on the Ahaura Plains. This discovery was repeated in other papers, and it was fully believed that the relics were those of a moa. It is evident, how- ever, that a hoax was perpetrated, for the finder subsequently sent the following letter to our contemporary. He says:—"With reference to my report to you on the discovery of moa bones on Ahaura Plains, I exceedingly regret to say that my conclusions were precipitate, as the bones turn out to be those of a bullock. I deeply regret having misled you, but have myself, with many of my friends, also been a victim to my credulity; for on finding the bones, I had every fragment carefully washed and scraped, aud devoted many weeks in an effort to put them together, and never finally lost my belief in their genuineness till I dug up from the same spot two horns, four hoofs, and a pair of hobbles, which I was reluctantly com- pelled to admit were evidences irreconcilable with my former theory. Had I not made the discovery last named, I am coufident that I should have been able to put together a skeleton form which would bear a strong resemblance to the moa, as I had only half-exhausted my supply of material when the frame stood 29 feet high and called forth the admiration and wonder all beholders." 