VICTORIA. [From cur own Correspondent.] Melbourne. Tuesday. October 7. Last night's Gazette contains the revenue re- <*> turns for the past quarter, and we gather from them that we have arrived at another stage in the progress of the colony. Not very long ago when Mr. (now Sir George) Verdon was Treasurer, he was compelled by the Assembly t j take back bis estimates of expenditure, and redoes them to three millions, as being tbe outside amount which we oobM hops to reodre lor the year. The present actual revenue, however, for the quarter just ended exceeded a million sterling, and no member of cither House will be disposed to quarrel with Mr. LsuKtonif be should pledge the future year's income up to somethir«lilrafow motions. All our public works show aa limiuasu of tcvenne, and there if nothing spceialin the receipts ts swell die returns out of their natural propor* dons. We have, therefore, Toadied another landmark in our financial history. The last week was rather a busy one in Par liuaent—a working more than a *JH"g week. The Oounoil met two days in place ot one, and gat direugu a good deal of business after its own fashion. On Tuesday hon. members ap plied themselves steadily to the Mining on Private Property Bill, whloh has been co long on the tapis, and aneoeeded In getting it over the perils of a second reading by a majority of twelve to ten, against, a motion that it be read a second time that day six months. They then had the Trust Kstatea BUI read a second time, aad advanced the South Melbourne Gas Odin pany'fc Bill a stage ox two. Ob Wednesday they got through the latter of these two Bills in Committee, ana it wss reported to the Home with amendment!, and die report ordered to be taken into oomdMraUon on the following Tnesday. They had previously returned die Ufa Assurance Bill to die Assembly with amendments, whioh were disagreed to on Thursday evening on the motion of Mr. Uagton, who stated that they had en tirely altered die principle of the BilL The i Oounoil will be supplied with aa abuadsaoa of ! work up to the cue* of the ssarion, of whioh some signs are now ecMbitior themselves. Mr. Oasey moved the second reading of his Lsnd Act Amendment BUI in the Aascssbly, on Tuesday evening, and it was tolerably well re carved. Since its first itmliin than have been some important alteratioasintrodaosd, and the; Bill, u now before die House, may be thus described:—Tne area of selection is to be in creased from 320 to 6(0 acres, the conditions of residence aad improvement are to be greatly modified in favor of .die selectors, and pewer. are to be taken for die adjustment of differ ences, whioh have sprang up under former Acts. Out of doors the Bill has been received with the most perfect indifference, die press not caring to diseass any of its pro-; visions, and indoors die only remarkable sptesh on it was that of Mr. George Barker, whioh I nottosd in my last week** letter. As a free trader, that gentleman will have nothing to do with assisted immigration, which he thinks antagonistic to free trade principles ; sad now he comes out as a laud reformer of die first water. In his opinion the landpolisyol the oountry U not only a mistake, bat a positive in. justioe to a large portion of die community, and he intends to oppose any more absolute alienation of the fee. He adopts, Is fact, the prindplesofdie Land Reform League. On Thursday evening Mr. Gillies brought in his new and long-promised Bailway Oonstruo tion?uL Ia dung this, he took up die time of the House f or more thin three hoars, during which he read a number of statistics an* other documents, aad the House gave him aa unflag ging eMention throughout, thus evidencing the great interest felt ia this question. In the Argta he ii reported to die extent of nearly ton columns, and die town end country press all notice hi* deliverance approvingly. There has been no Bailway 801 since 1871, when die light system of railways now in the ooune on construction wss authorised, some of which wfll be completed by the end of die present year, aad all before die end of next year. From Mr. Gilliesis .fan^-pt it ap pears that through die increase in die price of iron at home, die rise in every description of work required in die colony, and the exorbitant 'tiTiflf piMlt for private land fw railway purposes, ttie cost of eointraotingtiiese light lines had been raised from £5,000, the original estimate, to £1,900 per mils, and the lowest estimate ?t which the t new linei can be constructed is put at £5.758 per mile. Before bringing forward their Daw scheme, the Government have had under ata ri eration the adviaabOlty of purchasing O? Hobsoti's Bay?sUwayOempany'sUnet, with the new of making them all Government lines, an& having a central railway station In Fllnders street, at the foot of Elirabeth-«treet, but they mold not come t« terms with theOompany, ana have, therefore, abindoned the idea. On the bans of a 16 jean* purchase (the profits bring reckoned oa an STerage of the last three years), the valne of the Company's property would be £880.879. and on the bans of a 12 jean' pur chase, £771,809. If £250 were glvei for every £100 of the Company 1* stock, the out wonU then be £1,781,350, or If £150onlyforever/ £100, the amount would be £1,246,450. The first of the above-named snnu was thought to be a ohm approximation to the true value of the properly by the AaditOomminaonec*, to whom it was referred. That did not, however* seem to meet the views of the Company, who set a mnoh higher value on their property, and the negotiations were ended, by the Go vernment declining to make any offer at pre sent Instead of buying the Bobion's Bay Lines, the Engtneer-in-Uhief proposed to have an outer circle railway around Melbourne, and tt> spend the money which would have been absorbed in bnyingont the Hohson's Bay Com j?"l*,^* **?" ceatail station for passengers for all the lines which now are or shall here after be built. This scheme, however, has not been adopted on account of in expense. The new Unes are to be—one from Melbourne to Bale (the Gippsland Railway), 120 miles, at a cost of £882,000; a branch line from Wangs ratta to Beeehworth, 22 miles, at a out of £126,500; a line from Ararat to Stawell, 18 miles, at a out of £106.575 ; a Una from Ararat to Hamilton, 64 miles, at a east of £368,690; a line from Sandhurst to In gleirood, 30 miles, at a oott of £172.500; • line from Maryborough to Avoca, IS miles, at a oost of £8b,250 ; a line from lieighroad, on Has Geelong and Ballarat Bailway. to Oolao, 42 miles, at a, coit of £241.600 ; and a Oae bom Portland to Hamilton, 65 miles, at a test of £316,250. For this purpose £2,260,076 win be required, and the Government will hate to borrow £1,000,000, and take the rest, as appro priated by Act of Parliament, from the Land Fond. Bome advocated a line up to the Sonth ■**■ ' Australian border, but that was not agreed to; although it is probable that in Committee there will be farther attempts made to extend in Oat direction—say to Horaham. Mr. Gilliet's state ment appeared to give general satisfaction, and, after a snort debate, his Bill was read a first time, and its second reading made an Order at die Day for tfii? evening. Tour Mr. Davenport pays a high compUmeot to our Mrs. Blsden Heill, and the good lady has taken care to publish it in the MelbocoMi papers. He is gallant enough to aaydutjtm Adelaide people look to her as "the spirit of ?onr movement" in setisulture, and that" yon with to make your movements in every way In aeeord with and concurrent to the sune end as bars." In the matter of carl culture, you might do worse, tor Mrs, Ndll bu just rewired highly oompUmentar/ letters from England on the snecass ot her efforts; and what is more and better, has a fresh steek of seed on die way out. All honor to the seal which kiaufru with so araeh warmth In the bosom of one at her time of Ufa, when with other* It begins to abate. Patrick Ooaaty Buckley's will ease, whleh has now been before the -Supreme Court hen for same days, most be of sems interest to yon. Inasmuch >s one or two South AnstraUsssi figure rather prominently in eanneeteni with it, BnoUey was a squatter, resting inGippskad, at Prospect Station, and disd in the eady next of 1872, worth s^flOO, Intestate as was ana posed, and the Curator took rnsisssluu of Iris estste. Kow, however, one Thomas Maker corns, forward with* w^ executed oa fir back as 1817 by Buckley, in the pmssnu? of craMMo witnesses, in which the whole of Babkleyk property is bequeathed to kin wife, and he claims trader is, Mr. Bichsai Holland, J.P., of Gawlsr, was a neighbor of Maker and Buakley until IMS, and spoke positively to (he genuineness of d> the signs* truresto the will, except KeighnUfc, and that, after some oonsiderattso, he thought canst be right. John Nichols, a Sonth Anstralisn farmer aad winegrower, formerly * servant of Maher, was present when the wfil was written by a person named as Hopping HomwsMr. ia Mahert house, in 1844, and remembered hear ing it read out both before and after signature. Maher had ainee been residing in Hew South Wales, and did not hear of Buckley's death until lately, when he found that (he wfll bad bean mislaid, sad much time wss last jn the search for it. At length it was novreres. " however «a there really seems nothing wh*£ ever to throw a doubt on its antheaUmty, or to stand between Usher and the possession of Buckley^ property, unless t* be the discovery •f another will, of which there is, it seems, no probability. Diphtheria is still rife in Victoria, parties larly in the country districts, aad Mr. Great beadt sulphuric and enra has been tried in some uses with crest aueates. There baa, in fast, been only two or three reported oases of failure, aad inane or two of them the applica tion had been so long delayed as to shut out all hopeofreoorery. Mr. Greathesd writes to the papers to say that "toar drops of aurpbarie add should be used in three-fourths of half a pint of water:" bat ha stffl abstains from stating what the strength of the acid should be. Probably the ordinary dUato «sl. phurie add of Ob shops, which, in thai quantity of water would be tolerably strong, yetnotUkely to be prodoctive of bam, iftt did no good. Some of the madfeal sun an s«id to be osing It extensively, and speak highly «f its effects. That was, talced, ti? essewuk many, before Mr. Greatfaead sailed attention to it. although not in the precise farm pre soribed by thatgentieman. Still that does A* detraot from Mr. Greathesd's merits. He Is entitlad to the credit of having brought it into general use. How long it will be before die paper* ceass to be filled with reputed oases of "Jmssmytan" it is impossible to say; probably sot while there is another aura of land tobssstsrtsl Butthsy have been unusually full of ens* re puted cases within the last week or 10 days, and them must have 'been as much false swearing about them as there wsa in the old time in •tagUadL, whan oatbj ware admlnutertd to all sorts of people at every tarn. Mr. Don raised himself into notice by taking vp a eteokwhip and saying he would drive the squatters across tae Murray, snu Mr. Gassy is said to have taken op the ghost of that Whig, aad to be using it as if he had the same object in view. Mr. Oasey goes to an immense deal of trouble to put down " dummyism," and it most be added, in many oases, with ladttfenmtsue. cess. TethestiUsdokstoit,andhscesmsto have got on th? right task with regard to "dammylsm" in the Wimmera aad Stawell districts. After all, the best cure far this is not to pot temptations in people's way, and these, Mr. Oasey is tatter tn pnder mvsttgasoiu or s* least —oof them, appear to beef a migrant character, if ws inay jooge bom die evidsnee, and It is said to be the intention of the Minister of Lands, where j Ibis violation «f the law can be proved, not only to resume tin land take* «p by the squatters' servants for the squatters' usa, bat where the law will warrant It, to dcslan the sqoattst'aownli«snoetobsfsrreitsd,andtolet - oat the laud to others who wffl bemonlaw-T" •hiding and leas naaobnu. Aa ImsMtawdosl of evkWos has been takmat?tawellberoMa Oommiaaon of Bnqnby, and the Invssrlga ttons have not yet terminated, The following has been found under tin kasn ot" Criminal Trials" in tin rules and *B(uU doss drawn up for the guidance of eoloalal Governors, and. has been quoted In, cuinwrl of, tiu> course adopted by Mr. Stephen wi£ regard to Mount aad Mords :—** Under die Act 12 and IS Vie., cap. - 96, all persons oharged in nay colony with offenses committed on the'am may be dealt with in the same manner as ff the offense had been committed on waters within the local jurisdiction of the Courts of the oolony." Whether or not this applies to the ease of Mount aad Morris, akhoogh it sup ports Mr. Stephen* view on that ease, is not very apparent Another portion of these regulations is, however, quite fa point, and H would appear that it has to a gnat extent been acted upon. It is this:—" Her H« jetty's Government will be ready to afford any information, instructions, and advise for which the Governor stay think It necessary to apply, whenever any Question may arise In any criminal proceeding in which there may beany special adequate motive for invoking the intet feranoe of Her Majesty's Government in this oslony." But dicaU is the Governor, it ssemi, and not the Government, by whom die appUca tion ia to be made, aad that hardly squares with die notions entertained bare by those who take Mr. Higbkodiam as ttuir " guide, philosopher, and friend" ia the relation of die colonial to dit Imperial autho rities. Where Mount and Morris bow are is a matter of some doubt, come alleging that they have left the oolony by ship, and others that they am lying in perdu net iar bom Melbourne, It hu even been said that a fresh warrant has been issued for dtelr reapuiehen sion, but dds is stoutly denied. It is known that ins Government have resolved on farther steps, witii a view, if possible, to vMiiastn the iaw7but the artuU course intendedTs for obvwus reasons kept secret. Gntirying aosounts an received from most quarters of tin sta*e of the crowing wraps. Around Melbourne the hay crops are parties larly strong and healthy, but in some places the " takeefi " has appeared, and is doing much damage. Hay crops, which looked ataong and healthy a month or six weeks ago, fcave bow dwindled almost to nothing. Where tttc sur rounding native grass ends, and they begin, can urSybe diseerned. "SecUg U bebsving," -f . "-' BBS I iffi able to mass tub i&tement; as the nmlt >f my m observation. The locuitu an also tawing 4a mm plaeeat bat not to \- •uoh an extent uwn at ana time dreaded. However, the tease* for them ii yet young. Fluke is Mid to be still doing great misohief .. to the locfa fa mm dhtrirta, and-Mr. Thomas's flak* mmdy ? stwngly recommended for it ThU ii said to be much better than nit, as the , sheep sake to it, it u added, quite at readily, if not; indeed, men bo. In too many cases, however, aheeptaiiuera do not like to ineor the risk d being thought to be the poneuor. of ucsocnd flocks, and have to pay the penalty of naiag nothing. Aa Thomas's remedy may, how ever, be naed ai a preventive aa well aa a cure, the risk of a loaa of reputation by it* use is, one vnil think, comparatively alight. Kow that the distribution of. the aharitabl* vot?—for which mme better name ahoald be focod—haa teen decided upon, it really aeema atiaage that there should have been all the un pleasant refereneea there wen to it in an earlier part of the settfdn. Whether Mr. Laogtoa had, daring the long interval which has elapsed tiast the amount te be appropriated to that . . purpose this year m first announced, suc ceeded in "nobbling" ban. members- «c not, there was certainly muoh baa " scrambling" for portions of it for the several inititntio?a h the country districts than might have been expected. There was, to be sure, a general wish repressed by some few members, probably intended for the ears ef their constituents, that the vote for their particular district* migttt be Increased, which Ur. Laugton somehow siueeeded|in show iag had been already, in meat eases, antici pated. The total amount act apart for this pur poae waa £120,000;.' and althoogh it may not in terest your readeta to know what waa allotted to eaoh particularinstitation, I append the list, rather for the purpose of conveying an idea of the number and extent of the charitable in stitntion? now spread over the colony. For example: — Hospitals — Amherst, £1,850; Alexandra, £200; Ararat. £1,460; Ballarat, £4,000; Beeehworth, £3,000; Belfast, £760; Beodigo, £6,000; Cestlemsine, £2,200; Clones, £1,250; Oratwijik, £1,000; Daylstford, £l,O0«; DoaoUy, £2,000; Hamilton, £1,090; Heath mite. £S00: Horsbam, £500; Inglewoed, _ 118,900; Kilmers, £1,000; Kyneton, 1-1,100 j BUldon, £450; Mansfield, £450; Mary borough, Melbourne, £15,000; Alfred Hos pital, Melbourne, £3,600; Lying-in Has rf Bitsi, Melbourne, £1,760 ; Pleasant Creek, £2.300; Portland, £600; Sale, £300; Swan , HUI, £1,000; Usmer Goulburn, £950; Wangv ratta, £500; and Hetpitsl for Kick Children, Melbourne, fiS.OOO. Here take breath and bate again. Aayinmi—Ballarat Benevolent, £fcOM ; Beeohworth, £1,900; Be«d%o, £3,500; Outlemai?g, £1,800; Gedong. £4.600; Mel \- bourne, £8,000; Geeioag Ladtaa, £600; Mel bourne Ladies, £3,000 i Ballarat Orphan, £1,950; Gselong Protestant Orphan, £1,900; Melbourne Protestant Orphan, Emerald Hill, £4,500; Asylum for Inebriates, £1,000 ; 8k Tfeeent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hill, £3,000 ; Qnr lady's Orphanage, Oeelong, BlfiOO ; St. Augustine's Orphanage Gee lpag, £800 ; Asylum and School for the BUbo, Melbourne. £1,000; Deaf and Dumb Institution, Prahnn, £2,800; Jewish Philanthropic Soefety, £900; (fee Befuge, Made line-street. Melbourne, £300; the Female Re fuge, Abbotsford, £1.000;- Immigrants' Aid Safety, £5.600; Oharitable Soeiettea not spe oially provided tor. £2,000. This is certainly a geed b«allliyJooktng Kst, quite sufficient to show that those m needy or distressed eireum- SMa???—the poor, tk« katt, Utt hme, the Hind, and A* orphan—in not overlooked here. How Isat shssa drafts an the poblia parse are to be foatinued is another snatter. - As we advance, •revii?km wiU probahlr have *e be made for aheaaicutitutinajfremloaalsourses. If not by leetl teaatto?, then hy boal oontributions ade quate to thrir wants. Far off aa that may seem, ft wffl yetpsra, sad aooner tkan the people in the pi'miaess either doUreor expect 