" Banks ami Banking." ; I THE MANAGER'S LATEST PRONUNCI- AMENTO. i REALLY WE DO NOT KNOW how to treat the productions of a person who signs himself " PROCURATOR." winch i" flip Latin for a " MAN- j AGER," probably a Bank Manager—whether to laugh at their frivolity, turn with di<gust from the indisputable evidences which they contain of the writer's ignorance of syntax, or admire the wonderful skill which the latter display* in heating around the bush without venturing to approach the subject under discussion. What, matters it, pray, whether one who comes forward to attack an inseenre system-of hanking, deals in " sombre" or in " varied" hues? or how are the public interested in the "unfortunate limit" within which an author'chooses to confine his " talent and ability ?" The question at present is, can that he a safe system under which a number of private persons are permitted to lend a million and a half more than they are in a position to pay on demand; and upon this question the "Manager" does not condescend to shed any portion of that light which guides him through the mazes of English syntax. We have said he heats about the bush —that he goes around and around the subject —but we defy the most careful reader to point to a single sentence in any of Procurator's verbose communications which attempts to deny the truth of what the NEWS has asserted, or fairly meets the facts which we have arrayed against the system of which this writer is an avowed advocate. Now it so happens that we have plenty of space at our disposal this week. The news of the day is quite unimportant, and no correspondent asks for more room than we are willing to accord him. We propose therefore to give greater prominence to the " Manager's" last than we have yielded to his former essays upon " Banks and Banking"—a prominence to which we feel that, not only the essny, but the writer himself, has now some claim, since the latter has laid aside the vulgarity which disfigured some of his previous productions. But we con fess to a difficulty in the outset. The essay before us so super-abounds with grammatical errors, and some of its sentences are so remarkably infelicitous, that it is almost impossible to distinguish between what a " Bank Manager" means to assert and what he intends to deny. Shall we sup ply a few out of the numerous faults of this description with which the letter before us will be found to abound. Here (hen is the first: " The most remarkable features in the article under review, are the innumerable evidences of talent and ability unfortunately limited in their exercises to a few colors of the author's own fancy—sentence after sentence—five, six, and seven in succession—a constant repetition of the same sombre hue with just a dash of varied tint to relieve the dull monotony of their fca~ lures." This whole paragraph is arrant nonsense. Probably the ghost of an idea occupied the writer's brain whilst he was penning it, but his attempt to embody the ghost was singularly unsuccessful. What on earth can he mean by " evidences limited in their exercises," and who ever before heard of *' an author's fancy" having " a few " or many " colors"—these colors being instantly transformed into " sentence after sew tence" of varied tint, spread on " to relieve tJie dull monotony of their features !" A week's holiday might safely be promised to the best analyst in any of our Public Schools as a reward for the translation of this paragraph into English. And then its grammar is remarkable. " Features are a repetition." Talent and ability limited in their exercises (exercise ?) . . . to a hue, to relieve the dull monotony of their features ! Whose features P the exercise's or the talent's ? Antl then for the next: — " There are, however, one or two subjects which seem to be out of place, or at least require a little more light. For instance, in a review of the banking operations of the modern fashion —especially in the colonies, as an illustration, a specimen of the local banks of old English manufacturing districts is scarcely admissable. They consisted of local proprietary, and their business was chiefly confined to one or two local enterprises ofeonsiderablemagjiitude—manufactories —as described in the illustration. These were the class of banks in existence in the country districts of England before the establishment of Joint Stock Banks, whose businesses are now widely circulated, particularly in the colonies, and who are therefore comparatively safe from the fatality described This is a verbatim copy of the next paragraph. It immediately follows that which has already been quoted, and we are quite willing that both shall be interpreted with all the aid which is supplied by either. But who will undertake the task even with this assistance? The writer thinks that somewhere in God's universe — we are left to guess where—certain subjects are out of place; and of this we have no manner of doubt. A letter on the subject of toleration would be " out of placo" in a bigoted sectarian journal—the subject of practical piety would be " out of place" if introduced upon a race-course, or an essay on decency, if by chance it found its way into the columns of a newspaper much es teemed by a " Manager!" But this is not all that is asserted. We are feelingly told that these "one or two subjects," whatever they may happen to be, for here, too, we are left to the exercise of our own imaginations, " require little more light," but this completely passes our understanding. We had frequently heard of shedding light upon a subject, but, until a manager so informed us, we were in utter ignorance of the fact that a subject ever became personified, and rendered capable of the sensation of want. Next, we are told something about "the banking operations of Modern Fashion," which is equally unintelligible. It is news to us that Fashion has a bank, or that she ever indulges in " operations" upon the money market. Has the Manager's friend Gilbart given the locus in quo of this institution, the amount of its capital, and a list of the inducements it holds out to invest ors ? This certainly is a dark corner u pon which some of the " light" spoken of by Procurator might be advantageously thrown. Then there is an insinuation that somebody has been introducing " a specimen" of an old English bank, for the purpose of illustrating something—what that something is, being again left for the reader to find out. But, by-the-bye, what a queer kind of a thing must this "Specimen" have been 3 " A specimen of a bank !" What can such a thing be likeP Is it a living Jackass or a dead Negro? It completely passes our com prehension. And then, all of a sudden, this nondescript changes its form and becomes plural. They consisted of a local proprietory." " They" what ? They specimen P Tliey old English banks? They manufactories? " Manufactories as described in ike illustration." What illustration ? Who illustrated anything ? When did he illustrate it ? Above all, what has this nonsense to do with f he subject under discussion P Then as to grammar, we have " A specimen —they consisted." " They consisted of local •proprietary." The fined to one or two local enterprises of considerable magnitude—manufactories &c;" one manufactories ! These were the class" These class ! " Whose businesses!" Who gave to business a plural form ? and so on ad infinitum. f And as to logic ; English country banks confined their operations to one or two local enterprizes conducted under their own supervision, and therefore they were less to be trusted than i institutions doing a larger and more scattered business, dealing in runs, buj r ing and selling d sheep and cattle, trusting foreign swindlers to t the tune of something like two hundred thousand pounds at a time, and transacting its business BO loosely that at one period its shares sunk far below par! This is logic with a vengeance—but it is not the loqio of the TJninersities- Now we might follow this article to its conclusion, and find matter for the amusement of our readers in the blunders with which every paragraph abounds ; but we find no pleasure in such an exercise of the " talent and ability" with which we are credited. It accords far more with our inclination to find out. if we can, what this essayist really means, and then to answer so much of his letter as assume!* the slightest semblance of an argument. He now tells us that bank notes are not to be considered as securities—that they are circulated solely with a view to facilitate trade payments—a statement ridiculous upon its face—and are guarantied by the general assets and standing of the Corporation. But we have 'heretofore shown that these assets are of uncertain value ; that they consist mainly of debts due to the bank by people who have borrowed money from it ; that this monej r is risked in various ways— in gold mining, in speculations, in squatting pursuits, in trade, and otherwise ; so that if at any time a panic should arise the value of these assets would be materially reduced ; the holders of bank notes and the depositors in banks would be unable to obtain their money for a considerable period, and some of them would probably fail to get it at all. Now in answer to this the " Bank Manager" in the innocence of his soul, and supposing his readers to be as illogical as himself, naively remarks " it is absurd to keep much of them (much bank notes !) about the house at all ;" and he intimates that it would be much safer to open an account with a local bank and deposit the notes (t comfortably" \n charge of some such institution Well, there is something original in the idea that a bank which circumstances may render unable to redeem its notes on presentation will be always able to re pay depositors. If it be absurd to keep " much" bank notes on hand, lest the company should fail or be driven into insolvency by the dishonesty or the misfortunes of those to whom it has lent its customers' money, how much less absurd is it to deposit one's accumulations where they must be exposed to precisely the same danger ? And then the inference which a " Bank Manager" desires his unsophisticated country readers to draw from another of his statements demands attention. After telling the public that the Miranda frauds reduced the value of shares in the Joint Stock Bank to a point far below par, and informing them that losses to many times the amount of that to which we have just alluded —(many times £200,000!) have since been sustaiued — a most incredible statement by-thebye, since three times £200,000 would absorb the entire capital of the Bank, reserve fund and all—the writer goes on to say that" the shares which were then below £8 are now at £1310s., intending thereby to convey the impression that if the Bank were now wound up it would not only be able to discharge all its liabilities but also to hand over £13 10s. to each of its share holders. But the sworn statement which the company has just published shows that such would not be the case. Even if all its assets could be realized without loss—a matter of utter impossibility—no such favorable result would follow. The fact really is, that the'Bank's shares have gone up because there is a superabundance of money seeking investment, and capitalists are obliged to be content with a much lower rate of interest than they were in the habit of receiving a few years ago. We do not charge a " Bank Manager" with a deliberate intention to deceive, but we do say that no such bald statement should have been made in a country newspaper, without such an explanation as would have prevented it from deceiving those who are not acquainted with monefary affairs. But there is one assertion in this letter in reference to which we hardly know how to express ourselves. We do not like to say that it is glaringly false, for this would be rude, and yet the fact is that the statement is wholly untrue. The writer says " Banks never lend their own promises to pay!" Indeed ! pray what else do they lend ? We have had thousands of bills discounted at various banks, and are therefore in a position to assert most unhesitatingly that within our experience there was never a single instance in which the proceeds were handed over in anything but the discounting Bank's own promises to pay. Sometimes the operation was slightly circuitous, but the result was always the same. The amount of the bills discounted is occasionally placed to the endorser's credit, and he draws his cheque upon this credit; but then the cheque is taken up with the Bank's promises, so that the advance is made in its own paper after all. And the question which the teller usually puts " how will you take it ?" does not mean " Will you have the notes of some other bank?—will you take Government debentures or other securities ?— but will you take large notes or small ? meaning thereby large " promises to pay" issued by this institution, or such smaller ones emanating from the same source, as will better suit your conve' nience. We have already admitted that whilst a Bank's credit remains unshaken it can pay gold and silver to a limited amount when demanded ; but everybody who has ever held a chcque knows very well that,as a rule,the banks use very little else than their own paper in the operation which they call cashing cheques. And next in order we find a gross perversion of something that had previously appeared in these columns. Speaking of banks which had been compelled to suspend specie payments, we said hundreds of their creditors had been ruined because they could not afford to hold inconvertible paper; but speculators had sometimes amassed large fortunes by purchasing the promises to pay of suspended banks and holding them until their assets could be realised. Now it seems that even a "Bank Manager" may be so ignorant as not to know that fortunes are very often made by purchasing the assets of Insolvent Estates, and yet the creditors of the Insolvent may be ruined by his insolvency. These things are of every day occurrence ; but it will b« admitted, by most persons, that it is a strange recommendation of a monetary institution to assert that by not paying the bulk of its creditors it can promote the interests—" make the fortune," if the " Manager" likes this expression better—of some speculator who thinks proper to buy its ptiper at the rate of two or three shillings in the pound. And it should also bo remembered that it was not to promote the interests of speculators that our strictures were penned, but to correct misstatements, already in print,by which the unwary were Jikoly to be lulled into a state of false security — to prevent the general public from recoiving as true the glaring absurdity that any bank's promises to pay are under all circumstances of equal value with money. Is it possible too that a " Bank Manager" can be ignorant of the meaning of that common English word "anomalous?" It would seem so from the manner in which it is used in the following paragraph, which is throughout too rich to be excluded from a notice already more ex. tended than we intended to bestow upon the production in question. The following are the " Manager's" own words :— IVe are also told that the constant effect of establishing local banks in country districts is to collect a large portion of the money previously ir current business such was districts, chiefly con- and to transmit it to Sydney. But then again, beside this statement, it is suggested that the residents of the district should bank in Sydney. This seems anomalous, or what more benefit (we suppose the writer means greater benefit,) can residents in a country district derive from banking in Sydney than they do from bank'mg with a bank beside their doors ? But it is not the current money that s collected; it is the saved money of the pruent, steady man, that the banks are established o collect. And which is belter to do with his money, to keep it in the house, known perhaps to nearly everybody,or, where there is no bank, certainly suspected of having it in the house, and thereby liable to be robbed, and susceptible of demolition by rats and mice,, floods or fires, or to be able to deposit it comfortably in charge of a safe and respectable bank, where he can have it whenever he requires, at a moment s notice, and in any form convenient for the occasion." Pray where is the seeming anomaly of which the writer complains—even admitting that upon some former occasion we did object to one of the practices of local banks and at the same time advised our readers to keep their money in Sydney ? An anomaly is someth ing exceptional—something that deviates frotn the usual ru'e—but this is not at all what the writer meant to convey. He evidently intended to assert that there was something inconsistent \--a very different matter—in the two suggestions with which he is pleased to credit this journal. Let us see whether such is really the case. We certainly did say that one of the usual consequences of establishing local banks in country districts is a withdrawal of a large portion or the momy previonsly current in such districts, such withdrawal being made in order that it might be used for the accommodation of traders in the metropolis; and by this assertion we are prepared to stand. Every business man in the district knows that prior to the establishment of a branch bank at Taree there was three times as muoh gold and silver in circulation upon the Manning as there is at present; and we ask farmers to say whether it was not far easier to get their Sydney cheques cashed without discount before we had a bank than it is just now. In those days, when gold and silver found its way to the district it remained here—remained in circulation—because there were no facilities for getting it away. Storekeepers then kept their aocounts in Sydney, as most of them still do, but they could not remit coined money, and so they employed it in making paymonts at home, and in cashing the cheques of their customers. Bnt the moment a bank waB opened, all this became changed. A large portion of the gold and silver previonsly current, and most of the notes of other banks which had found their way into this valley, were paid into the office at Taree—paid by the host of small farmers and others who were persuaded that it added to their respectability to keep a banker of their own—and when these persons afterwards had occasion to visit the shops for the purpose of procuring supplies, or were called upon to discharge the small bills of their tradesmen, they found themselves unable to pay gold and silver as they had previously done, and were compelled to issue little cheques for a pound or two. And of this substituted currency we may remark in passing, that it is useless out of the district and occasions a great deal of needless trouble even within its limits—since those who take these little cheques are subjected to the in convenience of sending to Taree in order to exchange them for something that can be remitted. We do not remember that we everad vised farmers or small tradesmen to open accounts with Sydney banks, but even if we had done so, and our advice had been generally acted upon, gold and silver might still have constituted the medium through which most of the local business was transacted, whilst large remittances would have been made ehiefly in cheques sent to pay for produce shipped to the metropolis. And thus it appears that our advice would not linve been anomalous, and that the facts we adduced are not shaken from the position in which we placed them by any inconsistency on the part of the writer. Moreover if " banking" ie to be done at all by farmers and mechanics, we insist that there do exist important reasons why a bank in Sydney should be preferred to a local institution. In the first place, cheques received from the Commission Agents might bo sent without discount to the remitter's credit; secondly,tho drawer's own cheques would be more acceptable to all business men if made payable in the metropolis ; and lastly, the expense of bank drafts would be wholly avoided. It is sheer nonsense to go on as our " Manager" does about « current" money and accumulated savings. He says, in the paragraph now under consideration, that it is only savings with which the banks are supposed to deal, being apparently quite oblivious of the circumstance that a large majority of business men pay to their credit nearly everything in the shape of money that passes through their hands. Pray, is it" saved" money which the storekeeper remits every week, or are these remittances intended to constitute a fund.outofwhichhe may payforsueh additional supplies as his business will require ? When an agent sells fifty or five hundred bags of corn and pays in the proceeds to his credit, forthwith drawing cheques for the full amount, and remitting them to the growers of this produce, is the payment, in any sense of the expression. " the saved money" of the depositor ? And when a school-master makes his monthly payment to the Taree bank, does the Manager suppose for a moment that the money is to remain forever in his custody as " savings" meant to accumulate whilst their owner lives upon air ? Really we have no patience with such twaddle. But the latter part of this paragraph is remarkably rich. Our "Manager" gravely asks " which is it better to do, to keep one's money in his own house, or to deposit it in a bank?'*-— thereby implying that hanks do not keep deposits in houses. Ho says in the former case " it will be known to everybody"—from which the logical inference is that no one in hissenses would suspect a bank of having anything valuable in its possession. In the one case, too, it might be lost by fires and floods—from which calamities the " Manager'' intends us to infe* that banks are more secure than other edifices. And then, to crown all, the intending depositor is assured that he can have " his savings" back whenever he requires them—this being the very matter in dispute, as many depositors have found to their sorrow. And now, really, we must bring this article to a close, having devoted quite as much space to the subject as its importanco requires. But we cannot part with oar friend without offering one or two suggestions for his consideration. Has not a " MANAGER" mistaken his vocation ? Can he not himself see how poor a figure he makes as a pleader I Is it possible that his self-delusion is so great that his eyes aro closed to the excessively puerile character of the arguments he has advanced in support of an untenable position ? If so, his case is really hopeless. One who is incapable of perceiving that he has made himself a laughing stock to all the little boys in the district is beyond treatment, and we must reluctantly surrender him to his fate. Tears of study will be required before this particular " Procurator" can become either a grammarian or a logician, and in the absence of these qualifications for the office of a public teacher the best and soundest advice we can give bim is to abstain from such ridiculons attempts in future. Farowell, then Mr. Manager. May Joy attend you in your retreat, and may you find in the study of GILBART that peace which you can never enjoy whilst you persist in rendering yourself ridiculouB by attempting to write for a newspaper. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S BETROTHAL.— The Herald's Paris Correspondent says :—The betrothal of the Duke of Edinburgh to the Czar's only daughter is now recognised as accomplished. The Empress of Russia, after spending a day in Salzburg with her sister-inlaw, Queen Olga, of Wurtemburg, has gone to Florence, having with her the betrothed wife of the Duke, the Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrowna.only daughter of the Russian Sovereign. It is said that the Empress will take up her abode at Sorrento, among whose myrtle and orange crowned slopes, blue waters, and pink, purple, and golden sunsets, the young couple arc to make each other's personal acquaintance. 