SUMMaRT OF V£WS. The steamer Rangitoto was totally wrecked i on July 30 in Cook's Straits. The vessel kept to close to the Point at the entrance of Queen Charlotte Sound, and struck heavily on a reef, crushing in the bottom of the hull. The fires were immediately extinguished. The after compartment remained till the vessel ran ashoro, and fortunately, the weather beins fine, all hands were saved. The steamer Rangitoto was insured in local offices for £10,000, and was valued at £18,010. The New Zealand House of Representatives has agreed to a three years' contract with Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Company for a postal service via the Bluff at an annual subsidy of £5,000. Tlie Government have promised to endeavour to arrange for a mail service between Sydney and Auckland if it can be secured at the same rate of subsidy. The wreck of the steamer Rangitoto has been sold for £465. The vessel is to be raised, and employed in the intercolonial trade. The captain and chief officer of the steamer have been censured and admonished, but have had their certificates returned. The new tariff in New Zealand is considered oppressive, and is being strongly opposed in the provinces. A petition, signed by 3,000 residents of Auckland, has been presented against it. A groundless alarm of fire was raised at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, on Saturday evening, and caused a stampede of the audience, but the consternation soon subsided. The Castlemaine Representative reports the occurrence <jf a very narrow escape. On Tuesday a miner named Halse, who was with another man driving at the level, met with severe unjuries, caused by the unexpected explosion of a blast. Two shots had been put in and the fuse lighted in the usual way, the men retiring out of harm's way. One shot went off. Deceived by the sound ofasecond explosion caused by another blast in the neighboring " rise," Halse, followed by his mate, proceeded into the drive for the purpose of resuming work, when just as he reached the face, pick in hand, and was stooping to make a blowthe second shot exploded in his face, completely destroying one eye, and frightfully burning his face. His companion was not much injured. Mr. Wiltchire has successfully completed his self- imposed task of walking 1.S00 miles in 1000 hours at Ohristchurch, New Zealad. About 300 persons assembled on the ground to witness the completion of this feat of human endurance, and one and all were surprised that, considering what he has undergone, the performer should be looking so well. So far from being knocked up, he is able, says the " Lyttelton Times,'" still to continue walking, and should sufficient inducement offer, will try to add another 500 miles to the 1,000 miles already completed. Mr. W. J. WHITTF, father of the penny press, died at Liverpool on Tuesday, of paralysis. He was in his seventy-ninth year, and until a few months ago, was editor and proprietor of the first penny paper, the ''Liverpool Daily Post CHOLERA IN LONDON The Melbourne "Herald" publishes the following "London, 24th July Great alarm is prevailing ir. consequence of an outbreak of cholera in the east <>nd of London. It appears to have come across from the ContincHt, having lately appeared in many of the cities of Northern Europe. There is something very like a panic in some narts of London and all who can are leaving for the country The local health authorities are working with untiring energy to allay the alarm." Paris had to chronicle on one day lately eight suicides. No better illustration could he offered of the irony of events. A lady in the Rue de la Popioiere strangled herself with a cord at eight o'clock in the morning, leaving every one in ignorance of the cause of her fatal determination. At the same hour a man precipitated himself from the Austerlitz Bridge into the Seine. A printer followed his example later on in the afternoon. Then a yonng man adopted the strange method of throwing himself under the feet of omnibus horses, and was, of course, mortally wounded. Two cases of death by deliberate suffocation took place, one being by a young man crossed in love. The saddest of the eight deaths was, however, that of two girls, young and poor, who, after dancing all night at the ball of the Parisian " Florists," agreed quietly to put an end to their existence. One of these, Angelique L achemy, died for the very simple reason that she was tired of life. The other, Eugenie Hardy, committed suicide from chagrin caused ty a disappointment in love. Both Ihese girls were only 15 years old. THE following figures are given from the official summary of agricultural statistics of New Zealand, taken in February last:—Number of holdings in the colony oxceeding one acre in ex-i tent, 15,304; area of land broken up, but no under crop, I20,<)32i acres; wheat, 131,707} acres; estimated to produce 3,188,690 bushels ; oats, ier green food or hay, 25,515% acres, for grain 9G,«JfiG>, acres—325,10 U bushels; grass for hay. 33,588 J acres—41,!)9CJ tons; permanent artificial grass (including land in hay),* !)!)4,80ti£ a^-res; potatoes, 12,0 23 acres— 62,125 tons; in other crops, 10,845 acres ; land in crop throughout the colony, 1,236,0 )0acres. In all thecrops there has be"n an increase except oats. A man named Leary. with his wife, narrowly escaped suffocation at Gee'ong on the 18th of July- The weather being damp and cold, thev made a charcoal fire in an old nail can, which they placed in their bedroom, after which they closed the dopr and every aperture so as to keep in the heat. The consequence may be easily imagined. They were both nearly dead when discovered by the other inmates of the house. It appears that Leary was the first to discover the danger they were in by hearing his wife make a peculiar noise as if she were being choked. He had just strength to open the door, and call for assistance, when it was found that his wife was still breathing, but quite unconscious. Drs. Foster Shaw and Day were promptly in attendance, and restored Leary in a short time, hut Mrs. Leary remained in a critical state for many hours. Says the" Wngga Wagga Express;—"Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timorous passers-bv. He possessed himself of a sheet and a p:iir of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, he waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinson's residence and the Public "x-hool the approach of some one upon whom to practice the effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately for him these shortly appi'nred in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self-possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come to-» near, as the damsel's system of ' laying'spirits was not 11 his taste. If the 'ghost' makes a re-appearance, and there be a particularly muddy hole in ;he vicinity, probably HOIUL- one will see the advisafoleness of mixing such spirits with a little water, A cold bath, and supple switch to restore the circulation afterwards, are capital conjunctive remedies for such freaks as these, of which the results might bo very serious to a timid female " ilusuANOs in Cliicrtgo sue so fearful of divorce that they add to their announcements of future move merits t!io. letters " W. 1 J which mean li wife permitting." 