. THB HAraSS5!! M i. foot of the Oerennei, A>w a ruinous Country fagta luT"!/" mains of a ance. has covered and flSSP wp||» kadriti WibroienS- broken toot tad blacksr than the darap-rtained wnB?rf building. Solitude and deration decaj, and gwen np the onoa beautiful . .""wl the bats and owls. ty, \ :/Hard bf i| is. the hamlet : ofc &«», « between It and the ruiMives but honeit wool dealer, who oairie. ul » 0TM»th8 mountain ro«i to-lt.rt roh"1 ing timo s tearing hi, pMtt, for hia return, or console hendf hi nU„ . little Kina, her maid, about her b and dimplrt, «»oao, ««mjo!»,_ One day inuotUmn weather Eli ,Lj Ufr bueinece on hand ) tie cooatty retbl " singularly piotoreeque and Iot.1, ,„h , :a often, found their way to MwW csrered porch to hag a rest and lod //' this particular occasion there ween her hospitality she scarcely fouhu and she Iteod curteeyinq and railin., rrtSS;' ' perturbed and ill at c&B; in the J all night, that they might Me the tain, falS V splendour of the full muon, end ekeufcHii JZ -:.V under the tinder, inellow light / Two were artiste ; one a wanderer at hi nn pleasure, and all in gay spirits, tod' well provided in money, since they made no 2 11 in nfforino UfffA novmanf fA« tl . BUUi modation. / < ,, "It is not that I doubt your libsralitv" ' the pretty Elise, blushing - "youm'cood. yet ours is but a cottage, and a plain one, ami m, husband has gone to eee a merchant bonne." w " Yes, yes," said Duval, the epok&tnn; of (u party, " We see j yeu feiir We ih»? be too gtt 4nfl boisterous; bat it is not so, Itusttrs yotf. met at Alby , ar d bearing there .of the haunted cba'eau, determined to visit it. All along the say STC bayc is t he most solemn mood, diecaMic only ghosts and goblins, and jou will find uTu© = gravest and quietest of guests." ' V-'" Madame BoHcour smiled still more, yet lorf'"- none bliirf disturbance fcfl ibtiiihSfc ... . " It is not that I object to gttodipiHti, ihj fe j ! , but I have already received a— apersbn agsdatal - weak, but once a soldier. Messieurs, joa f ji/' forgive me if I fear that ,my poor phw aiB ' scarcely serve you all. He came firsts and the' ( poor and distressed man claims my prbteum," < - Duprefi, the youngest and merriest of the th«6i on this adVaicbdi find; assuring the ftantwtaiift i that they required only a plain meal anal pli& to sit in, gained admittance ; decluaag tiul ' honoured the goodnesB of heart that made their < hostess .so loyal to her ' first guest, in spite hf - ! poverty' and affliction. 7 Madame Bonoour, bavin? once ifonsd fts - < strangers, put aside a|l objection, ardjcspsl j at homo, though she pointed to adnr Vsting from the main apartment to an inner noniu I ; i.k lii. -h. — . "«a " w wuvvj »us turn vl bcut eo/, vims BUBWxpi|ni , chairs for the company. ; " A poor soldier," said Daval, "Hthe gciert Bf. _ his natibn. Madame, it tells well foryoarld that you have given him the best, and Juki what remains donbly pleasant to us." " " Ah, as to that," said the good vettaiK me not deceive you ; thM persofflL. thoogbwrpi dressed; in a 1 Bygone fashion, bss gold, fiii not avefse to using it freely He psid wefife. : the privilege of tsfefiining here in nisl-perod quiet ; he was particular as to tint; aniwhea I called him poor and,. distressed; it waMHft d bodily Want I spoke" ; j k She had Carried 6c1 her fionveriahoii W whisper ; and etiH pointing .towards thedoi»; nodding a great many .-times to intinifttsflu fl would be well to maintaia that Bubdued0®1 went away to prepare supper. , , - When she returned to lay the doth me ; the trio on the happiest termB, and all intent ( the evening's adventure. # ,» ; " t> e sleeps," she said, in allusion to her 61<W guest, whom she had evidently viewed from w®® ( secret place of espial. " He is the travel; and very, very weak, poorsooi. " she sighed as she set the dishes in order. "And bow about the ghost at the madame," cried Duval, gay fy. " Our excited. beyond endurance by the diffewsl'. , sions of the story we received at the inn, as ! beg you to set us right." . Madame Boncour lo' ked flattered vj o quest. " I will tell you the fails etj- ha i my mother," sbe began, " though & to gits it the grace oriotersst for she was a beautiful narrator j but t iny beat." And she set her cap in order' modestly. . " iieauvais oetonge« ai»»«7® ' nf axis who lived in the cb&teau; since . vert one in Alby. Th.y were » noble ' proud, and fond of the i nisptayvw1 n» Opart life; so 'BeauT»w Q?v th huntiug season, and the Oerife» ' ' BSPSrSsffertSf.- it. yaiet, of,; geutlelHau, married her, andtfie 5», Tillage M.dame d.'' B"» « |Brf ambition, than herw « -he4e»ed b » but his toother Qae»n-wW7 oould npt endure BRtoAan11®® jAs 8Dt : " Affrr the birtil of; t»fo back to Tari8, never to there she 1 i ved ?gandiy tili «t her and the frightfulgmllotme cutshort K Poor Mbasiiifi sacrificed' bina too, who wsi , his people, the lagerc ofer ;,: mourned for kim ; andevsvr white-haired niotii and the days , r ' ! She retiedtotiieDld h t played when he was toe vyo i .the ! like her qaeenly ' -Thejg»attfi rf5j''6Sa4SSte,P,"t,» poMMifcd dWBc»BB5Bi-«tifl» Kft b«m- ©'«Sh »««htfnl dMthr SMlTliwtoi D«wi. btt r Vdultog of the tenantry, U bad risked her life for . gef daughter-in-law, '»hmpted death in hef ad- Jh »rl8ta her husband followed her hi-fotile efforto to save her. JPfoS ere in 00Bfine?eHfc whfen S »d .Win tbe disguise of a country JTgraod' vf t0 them by bribing their !#. gT.tth indomitable courage and JJaJ ber way to sea, and so got them in obscure poverty, and %t:6 &l; Mb get of the t Wo, leafned to £& h" d Bdl th6m fr their tS Jmother thought that the memory 'ft g Ttrial and coarse experience in- SteUtbess of the beautiful blonde tftotbe wealth and power from ft® been bo painfully estranged. She !bfll. a croud beauty, since every one hi the title; and hef imperious way h irers gave her the reputation of fith Jithoogh it did not seem to lessen lUatfsweetneBsand childish gaiety ; her as soon as they looked at her; !5ffe'« bnaty »d loffJ £ even when her coldness stifled affec- F11 tj. , flid not to to «»" ®» S5PQbIiC had toe daughters (>f roydi.toi yet And B»uvu.wM»g.y place %Ln i toe fetoe, and driwe, and ball., and Bwtle8.aU attended by good oompany, £ mistress had the art to draw together 5 Helene its queen. ii ita Tillage lived a man called Provost, a ! 1 rf ZL.'. b»t adri.er in all buei.c. 7 He had twen faithful to the family interest Cmrt h»d protected the chateau by courage See combined, in the terrible days when SBob marched, carrying desolation in its iwrom Marseilles t» Albj. Vgii !0n Armand, a haadseme fellow, had gone tyi>d iitopmr. and m«n. of return for Ilied family, and, after rendenng them all Lot uiistanoe, had remained behind, WT and enlarging his experience by sights jHeDeweoiatry. «ii won as he reappeared in Beauvais, my _g)l)ipr noticed a change in Mademoiselle iJotj prouder and colder than before, she ('infinitely more capricious, with as many there were hours in the day. Often she til ride oat, the queen of a gay party of jtitd cavaliers and ladies, the leading spirit of e£ ud adventure ; but, meeting en the way isd Provost, and receiving from him a awy respectful salutation, would lose her aosa>t,and become thoughtful and distraught, ute the whole gaiety of the company would by a sodden cloud. 'kkour she would enoourage, the next iSintor; and had she not been beautiful iji empire, snd an heiress too, she might kind herself deserted. As it was, her ; m only stimulated her admiration, and she I offered sad sued to by them all. 'fnet hemes was no coquette. She gave her ; kto a young count who sought her hand. At if Damage settlement a grand entertainment w held atBeauuu, and the old const, her fltr'e father, brought a train of gentlemen with that made it fike a court. That night my (mdmother found out a eecret she never forgot bher dying day. The upper garden was lighted till coloured lamps, and there was dancing in ® great pavilion all the maids had permission look on after supper, and she had told her lover ®gra ®ee' her at the outer gate, and have a Jp at the magnificent scene. The chateau on terraces, you must know,- messieurs, and u inner garden and a lawn. Outside of thiB ornamental stairs and pillared fottntim. W Bte i)eaut!ful grounds and j shrubberies and groves and (J7 %!i that used to be famous all the E7d for their luxuriant beauty. It was tnawiffi eaD8 to one of these en- dmother glided as softly as s'ie aeeo ,JylDS past groups of loiterers, all on- myrtle tm Ln i1® Btoae eteP9 t0 where a Itoraftifcfr ere< a fiplasbing fountain. C l of.the ater heard a pas- hi.' J0'0®) and so ehe crouched in, "tfennnsi r l6 810116 balustrade ; n' mcee8eur6> you know, but "h was I»MXIjUB to avid detection. 'higuened f» fOTOst who spoke. And, as ban i, m i tone» it was of love; and "EeiJS Pleadei i lle of tb/!:?feine aomelhiDg far beyond the i and a harH althou6l1 be hved among the chr»-?»L0mer matl uever stepped d th« k n U0,arj'8 ®on. So, as » made 7autiu1, fervent words he wiaheH . 0WQ eart melt in pity, h'ppy avo her lot to ,l e Pr06trate at the feet of his t'u U8 k®. abased himself before payer, £0aie faiut hope in his wild It i?,-uch 6ai;l» 'that any oue inspir- Iheve ? r®U3a'ns unconseiouB of it k To'Cfl <a iftv0!"6 0u Bih nily, yet felt there l?0' luirir umh or«bip you could not! ueverj . a 6laTe who threw his i , 'i die Tn a ®ur fei » and was cont en ; H;umight win h.' pleaded. After an . 8eete„j6 a hureting sob for his reply Dta'Ji6 by ji, vend tho heart , euine ®®lene Bhe knew it was Made- a Proud, cold beauty of I J0 tbe n' ao'i w>ii. j taj,;' "Ql Arm.nH 9 Psrab sed with amaze- 52 lh® sub 6eeme to Aid another of tliQ He Softly she rose above. rplflr>i and, scarcely breath- of dispn? waB Petrifi®d j and, till A7 1B er aatonishment, 8xi ben a, a ru®tle of the bongha "i dre .1 f16 shadow of the ' «md a!. "cm® her under tlie ' v wb i '« «» urn, nounng euwH. i ' S n"Ih?TO told y«>. that th. blonde bmutv of" x®a Will, not be ,UF. Wtad, then, wheti I go on to letote that Wile gdmother flottered and palpitating, oould not ?®e hethw togo back or forward, her mistress buiwt Buddenly into a torrent of self-reproaches frt a ma anA many other E££LW£& -ThM "8 <>« her lov«W f PaMlonate pwde and frenzy, »teps, unoonscpus of her maid's presence, and deaf to Armand's prayers. The next momMt M.de.noi.dl. Helene IHL tW Pm6' 91® most distinguished guest Beanvaurever had received, and old Madame hiLbandL18 idefcermmed choice for her fair niece's x." Pf that nifht ®y grandmother held a seoret key that opened every mystery in her young mistress's conduct. Joung w ®efore this time the twin sisters had occupied a suite of rooms m the centre of the chateau ; li t gUvfltB remaiaed, Helene claimed two smaller chambers in the turret, and removed thither. Then she got materials and settoworkprivateiy at the old occupation at which she had wrought, when, buc a child in London, she was forced to take a woman's part in 11 one Anew what she was doing j even from my grandmother she carefully hid away the thing at which she laboured. All day long she was the gayest figure on the lawn, dancing and leading games and jests as she had never done before, so that people changed their minds about her pride, and said she really was as good and charming as her sister Desiree. Her grandmother seemed quite enchanted, and began to smile again as Bhe had never done since the terrible days in Paris. The ambition of her life was near its fulfilment. Desiree was already betrothed to a noble, and the foreign prince w&b; only waiting for an opportunity to lay his title at Helena's feet. w It Came in a curious way, and gave my grand mother seme trouble. She was devoted to Mademoiselle Helene, despite her proud reserve, and the lady trusted her entirely, as you will see. " 9 You must go to the notary's for me, Christine,' she said to her. 1 It is some question of our family history I would know ; and his Bon can search it out more readily than his father, being the cleverer of the two, tfrey tell me. What is his name ? Ah, yes ; Armand. Well, tell Armand I want to see him about some business before he goes away.' " ' Goes away, Mademoiselle ?' 1 Yes,' cried Mademoiselle Helene, im patiently. 1 1 merely speak of what I have heard.' " So Armand received the message and came, and the lady met him at the side entrance and took him into a little room under her chamber in the turret, and closed the door. Of course my grandmother desired to know the subject of the. interview ; ehe had a tender heart and felt for the young lawyer ; but her mistress did not mean that she should have the opportunity. No sooner !did she return %from Deauvais th«n she seat her to trim crooks with ribbous for a mas querade of shepherds to be held upon the lawn that night. Twas time to dress her mistress when the task was done, and so she ran to do it, hoping to find something lingering in her face to tell the feeling : with which she had parted from Armand. " Bhfe was not in her chamber, and she went below to find her. There she stayed with her lover still, but in such a strange fashion that it made my grandmother pause and wonder. " Thie notary's son was sleeping heavily, hie head fallen on the table beside which he sat, and Mademoiselle Helene bent over him, busily fitting a maski of white clay to his features. Two glasses, one with wine scarcely tasted, the other fully drained, stood on a tray : and when Bhe saw she had accomplished what she strove to do, and that the mask was suited to her wish, she caught the glass and swallowed the drink hastily, as if she needed! strength. " The expression of her face warned my grand-, mother she had best retire. She tried to close the door noiselessly and do so, hut Seeing her lady stoop and passionately kiss the unconscious fice whose copy Bhe had taken, the peasant girl was wise enough to fly, leaving her mistress keeper of her eecret. " Just below she met the prince coming to fi ad Helene, and being confused, gave bim such varying answers that he declared be would find her for himself. " Fearing some encounter, she tried to stay him, but foiling, followed till they came to the entrance of the phateau where she had brought Armand that morning. "There stood Armand, half stupefied, and grasping the carved stone of the doorway for eupporjt ; whilst Helene, pale and strangely exoitea, tried to push him forth, urging him in a frantic whisper to be gone. " Something in her appearance gave the prince tbe impression that the common fellow had been insolent to her, so he drew his sword and struck him viplently. Armand Tell without a word— it was my grandmother who screamed, and so made an uproar that brought the guests to the spot. " When they came, the notary's son was already raised, and by tbe aid of the prinoc's valet borne away, while the prince himself, supporting Made moiselle Helene, whispered his love to her, and ardently besought her to be calm again. ' The little scene and its important ending was all the theme among the guest s that night, but Helene kept her chamber, and robbed the jfeie of half its Driiliancy. Whatever was the cause of her seclusion, she kept it secret, and if ill, re ceived no help from any. My grandmother, being anxious, watched and saw that the light burned all night within ber chamber, and that her shadow moved about acreBS the curtain.' "The next 'lay the company went away, and, Mtrsnge to say, the prince went with them, leaving his beautiful betrothed, who accepted bim only n a this condition : that for a year she hold her freedom undisturbed, and if, wben that time coded, he should still desire to claim ber, she would await hiB coming. " Every one in the village knew that Armand Provost had gone from Beauvais: my grand mother Anew it best of all, for she bad heard him tftll Heir mistress, by the myrtles, ihafc he would come agam within the year if life were spared Him, and a name worthy to offer her couw be snatphied out of death's jaws ; and yet one . Bight she had & terrible fright through seeing him, as she supposed, in the turret, in little room, of which her mistress kept the key, and which by a strange chance was this night, left unlocked. Tii he sat, his head leant over land his hair thrown back, leaving bis beautiful fotehbad hare and cold io the soft moonlight. .1 i I, .» , ii-. " Trembling, the girl drew nearer, recognising feature, till suddenly she started to behold her mistress lying on the ground before her; clasping it with her arms ; then she Anew the figure to be fashioned out of coloured ol&y;, and saw that Mademoiselle, thpngh proud and oold was an idolater. ' "This is very sad, messieurs. My mother told me Hiat when her mother repeated the story she would often weep as she recalled the prone form of the lofty lady, and remembered the dreary daye and nightB so spent in penance for her pride. "Desiree wedded and went toNormendy. Old Madame de Beauvais seemed content, and shortly after the marriage died very quietly, and was laid in the chapel where all her race, except her darling son, had been buried. Her sister wished to come and bear Helene company in her loneli ness $ but she refused, and the months went by until the year expired, and the prince came from Italy to claim her. ' My grandmother saw that something terrible oppressed her lady's mind as the time shortened, and a watchful agony kept her eyes fastened on the road — not the way people came from Marseilles, but Paris — for her titled lover came unheralded from the sea, while tsbe watched for the city, to which Armand had gone to join the army. "She met her betrothed quietly ; and he fonnd her more marvellously beautiful in mourning than in gay attire, and told her so j and many other rapturous things that gave her no delight ; for when my grandmother would go to dress her to receive him, she would always find her in the secret chamber with her image. " At last the day came before the one on which she had promised to receive the Italian as her husband. She had purposely delayed the coming of the guests till the last moment, and shut herself from the sight of every one that long, long day. " With her eyes strained northward on the Paris road, she sat within her turret room, and when twilight was come Bhe closed the curtain and shut herself up with her image. "My grandmother until that night had slept in the small chamber just across the passage from her mistress, but was peremptorily commanded by the lady to go into the main building and occupy the bedroom where £they UBed to rest before the night Armand spoke his love under the myrtles. " When they parted, Mademoiselle was fully dressed, and would not accept her service, saying she meant to walk awhile, and then return and go to rest when she felt sleepy. " Tbe maid watched from her window and saw her wander down among the myrtles near the fountain, and after some time come again and go up to her chamber. There was no light, and so she thought " Poor lady, she is wearied and will sleep.' " It was near morning when she woke to a horrible uproar, and found the house in flames. " A wild confusion reigned supreme, and no one knew where the fire began, or how it spread, until the peasants from their homes in the sur rounding fields discovered it was the turret only, and did their best to save it. " They worked like giants, and carried a perfect flood of water from the main roof to the tower, so that the greedy flame was stayed at last. And, hear! sick with dread, they mounted ladders trembling against charred and smoking beams, to look for Mademoiselle Helene, whom no one had seen since the alarm. " Ah, gentlemen, it was terrible : they found the clay figure discoloured, but perfect; bat the beauty of Beauvais was in ashes. My grand mother said she had chosen that death to preserve her pride, by carrying the proof of her weakness out of the world with her. But it remained ; and now its ghost is seen on the deserted turret—it is seen where once it used to stand, and at its feet a suppliant lies, the shadow of the beautiful being who formed it as a monument of the folly of her pride." " And we can see this, Madame Boncour ?" cried Evremohd. " List-en, Duprez and Duval ; it is something to have such a Btory verified." "Assuredly, monsieur ; others have done so, and why not you. But you must net forget our com pact. Eat your supper quietly — here is Nina bringing it — and then rest till the moon riseB, and you can see Beauvais in full beauty." . " Ab, you may be tranquil, madame ; we will not forget your poor soldier, but promise to take our meal and express our ghostly criticism quietly, thanking you heartily for your story." They bad begun to do so, when she broke in upon them in something of excitement, crying : (< Is it not mysterious ! our Boldier is gone. He was so weak he could scarcely totter when he came, and touched my heart with pity for his helpless age." " I heard a stir while you were speaking," said Evremond, who was nearest tbe door. (l Ib there any egress from the chamber ?" " To be sure— the window opening on the porcbj but it's so strange ; so very strange !" The travellers were less lively in their interest in the old man. Being intent on their own mid night adventure, they resumed their discussion on tue ghost more earnestly, being new unchecked by the dread of disturbing the sick soldier. As soon as the moon began to rise they were on their way ; and after following the road for a few rods, struck into a grass- grown carriage path that wound over a rising ground to the great gate of the chateau, whose hinge, being broken, stood always ajar. Their feet sank deep in the rank grass and weeds as they stole along, depressed by the nature of their expedition into a strangely solemn sense of the desolate decay around them. The marble of the steps was broken and had crumbled in places, so that they tripped, and then started with beating hearts at the sound they made in stumbling. Suddenly they paused, here was the fountain dry as summer dust, and here the myrtles, dboked with poisonous vines, dank With the night dew. The stairway roee beneath the ornamental eutrance to tbe upper terrace at their side, and Evremond whispered : " This is the spot at which the notary's son met her." " And there is the turret with its broken roof ancl charred rafters," said Duval. " And what is that at the window ?" cried Duprez, in a different voice. The two first were simply hushed and serious, the last was alarmed and awe-struok. All looked up, and there in the window, clearly 'defined ag&hut; the moonlit sky, stood forth a moving figure, " Come, let us go," cried Duval; and plunging headlong through the wet shrubbery, he drove thb rusty gate aside, and was oat in the open country and away from the ghostly influence of Beauvais before he epoke again. His companions, whether influenced by their own fears or his example, followed him. "I do not sketch," stid Evremond, "but I should prefer to take my next view of Beauvais by sunlight." Madame Boucour was not surprised at their early return. She was so highly pleased to add another evidence to the ghostly reputation of the place of which she was so proud, that she kept them describing the scene over and over again. - By and by it grew sufficient to explain their own fears, of which they had at first been inclined to feel ashamed ; and they went to rest with some thing less of cowardice than they had been oonBcions of on their return. They slept late next day, and on awakening fonnd their breakfast prepared, though Nina alone presided over it. Madame Boncour had been summoned to the village early, Nina said, and was there still. While they yet lingered oTer their meal she returned. Her face was solemn, her manner sub dued and even tearful. " Messieurs," she said, " I have now a sequel to my story ; the ghost of Beauvais is complete. The poor soldier I lodged was Armand Provost, returned from Barca after being carried thence from Egypt thirty years ago, and held in slavery by tbe Turks. He heard me narrating to you the history of his heart, and went to the turret of Beauvais to close it there. It was his figure you reqognised last night among the broken timbers where the lady kept his image. Had you re mained longer you might have succoured him when he fell." "Ah!" cried Duval, springing to his feet, " did he then fall from suoh a height ? Good heavens, what a shock to so old and worn a frame." 41 Let as go, we .may assist him even now," exclaimed the kind Duprez. " HiB moans were heard by the children who take the sheep to the hills," s»id Madame Bon cour. " There are some of the Provosts still left at Beauvais; he was well attended." " But we can speak to him !" " No, monsieur ; I told you the story was com plete. Armand Provost died at sunrise in the rums or Mademoiselle xLeiene s turret. — From the " Argosy." 