VIEW OF MADBAS. I Dramatic and Musical Review. \-- I " Justice always whirls j In equal measure.-LOVE'S LABOUKS LOST." I WB have very nearly been reduced to our one' theatre again, on honour that might thus have been thrust up on the little Queen's in York-street, for an acoident occurred on Saturday that might have laid the Victoria in ruins, and been the death of hundreds of people. The accident was a simple one and resulted, as I hear from the explosion of the gas bags used for the production of the oxy-hydrogen light in the ghost scenes. The gas in tho bags being brought into too close contact. Fortun ately no damage was dono beyond the putting out tho lights in every part of tho theatre, and the frightening of the audiences, nothing farther need therefore be said aboutit. But the accident opens np two questions; the report was of sufficient force to be heard across Hyde Park near St. Mary's Church. As therefore great damage might have resulted, wou'd it not be better to avert the dancer arising from tho use of hydrogen gas by tho substitution of the oxycalcium or lime light. Then again when will something be done to arrange a better modo of egress from our places of amusement. The rush down the stairs from the dress cirole WBB ter rific, the peoplo meeting others from the upper ciroles nnd the stalls at the same entrance, the whole of the passago as well as the street in front of tho theatre was impassable. Yet, a la'ge number of the audience remained in the home, as it was soon seen there was no longer any cause for alarm. What would it hove been, had flames of fire added to their terrors the startling explosion and the Budden darkness. The bare idea is almost beyond con* ception. There is the same difficulty, or far worse, at the School of Arts ; and it is high time that the safety of the public at places of amusement were placed in the hands of some authority. To return to Mr, Fairolough and " Hamlet." An actor, making his first appearance to an audience that is as new to kim as he is to them, selects that charaoter in which ho considers himself, or is considered to be, tho most successful. By this ho claims to be judged, and it is always held to bo superior to bis ether representations. In choosing " Hamlet," thereforo. Mr. Fairclough takes very high ground ; not only is it a part of more than ordinary difficulty, but it bas been so constantly essayed by actors on their first appearance, that it requires oon sidcrablo judgment and care, not to tread on ground already occupied. Everyone who, for tho first time, essays a character of this description, endeavours to impart to it somo degree of originality : and whether his attempts bo right or wrong, they merit recognition. It thus becomes no easy task to escape the charge of plagiarism in stylo, or, on tho other hand, to avoid a dis tinctive mannerism. Whero tho highest degreo of thought and study have been given to the interpretation I of a great writer's works, it is rare indeed to discover a ' randing that shall havo escaped attention. Mr. Fairolough does not givo any new readings, or »ny especial readings of any particular passage, but he dooB givo a style of biB own that com mands acknowledgment. It is evident that he is a student ; that be has conned ovor every lino of tho text ; and ho delivers it with the utmost intelligence. Ho scorns not to care for conventionalities, and is anything what is termed stagey, except m ono or two points. And yet his demeanour as "Hamlet" is Btagey. that is to Bay, ho makes " Hamlot" moro, as though he woro acting a part in lifo, a moody hero, rathor than a truo philos opher. Mr. Fairolough's elocution may be considered good, OB far aB regards clearness of utterance, and remark able correctness of pronunciation ; but hu voice, though melodious and agroeabie, is scarcoly strong onough, to bo raised to any warmth of passion ; he almost sets asido Hamlet's very directions "to bo not too tamo, oithor ;" and his delivery is monotonous, and conse quently occasionally wearying by a failuro in tho proper uso of inflection, Ho givos tho idoa of somo ono, who is rathor reading tho part than acting. AU thia is evidently intentional, with tho purpose of showing bis view of tho charaotor in distinction to that of others. Ho occasionally hurries together paBBagOB which do not belong to each other, after the style of tho late Walter Montgomery, and also often makes long pauses where the sense requires a quicker utterance. ThuB : The phrases: "Still, I am called-unhand|me, gentlemen by heaven " &c;, are all uttered without tho slightest pause between them. Otherwise, there is no trace of copying in his delineation. Bis features are marked by constant change and play; his eye, bright and intelligent, lights up when roused into warmth. I have said that Mr. Fairolough introduces no new readings, but his stage business presents many novelties, and on these he appears to rely considerably for produc ing effect. Thus : when directing his followers zo awear that they will not reveal what they have heard, and the Ghost repeats the injunction, he sinks on his knee, elevating his sword, as if in solemn communion with the spirit of his father ; so, too, his sudden movement after dismissing tho players with Polonius. In the Bcene with Ophelia, the reading was rather unimpassioned, but the acting very expressive. In that with his mother he appears to be BO overcome, that instead of her upbraiding him, she is almost compelled apparently to sympathize with his sufferings. In the scene of the play, Mr. Fairclough seems to have taken for his model a wellknown picture, and the eagerness with which he watches the King's countenance, forgetting, that the workings of his own features might also be the subject for keen observance, attains its climax, when he springs towards the KiDg when he finds his plot so success* ful. ! In the passage wherein Hamlet direots the players to I follow Polonius, the emphasis WOB rightly placed, " Look, you mock him not", as telling them that al* though he as the Prince might take a liberty, and have his jest with the courtier, yet that Polonius was far too high a personage for them to venture an approach to such a course. Tho statement of his knowing a hawk froma hernshaw, and the lines beginning " the satirical . rogue " are not marked by the slightest emphasis. When- however, the Queen rates bini for bis discour tesy to "his father,*' Hamlet's answer, " You have my fathor much offended," i e., the father, not the living stepfather, or " uncle father," should have been read with far more marked emphasis. I was rather surprised, too, that an elocutionist as Mr. Fairclough evidently appears tobo, should pronounce tho word " caviaro" as an Italian word, it being really Eussian, libe tho article iij represents. But I might multiply thoso in stances of peculiarities on tho part of tho artist both good and indifferent. This general notice will, however, be sufficient for hiB first appearance. I was -surprised into admiration of Mr. Garden's ren* dition of the ghost. I say surprised bpcauso, except in tho early portion of his first engagement Mr. Cordon has had to give so much of his attention to the sensation* al drama that I was not prepared for tho excellence of his Shakfipeareian reading. He threw aside the peculiar nasal uttêranoe which occassionally mars his inton ation, and gave the part withja clear and sonorous voice every word being distinct. Whitet thero was the necessary absence of intonation yet the true force of situation ana language was clearly felt. The PoloniuB of Mr. Welsh is well known. It is not only one of this actors very best impersonations, but it evinces as good a conception of tho charaoter as any I have seen. Mr. Welsh himself appears to like the part and repoats tho passages with unction, never for one momont out-Heroding Herod. Tho advice of Polonius to his son is rendered with tho true ft cling of a father send ing foith his only boy to encounter tho world's follies ana vanities as if ho himself .thoroughly appreciated tho danger. It is not tho fault of Miss Dolly Croon that the company should POBBOBS but ono "leading lady" and that Bho is therefore called upon to sustain every leading part, no mattor| what its character. But that Bho waB very careful in tho dolivery of tho text written for Ophelia is to hor credit -to any moro would bo ill-timed flattery. Tho samo remark will apply to Mrs. OharloB Jonos, an admirablo aotress in her own Uno of charaoter, but thoroughly out of place na Queen Gertrude. Mr. J. B. JoneB has quito Buffioiont to do as etago manager; but his assumption of tho character; of LaortcB was so rwy much ttbovo tho way in wliiou I have seen the port given that he might well be entrusted with more important roles, though I presume that the man Lenient knows when it is well off, by confiding to his care the stage direction. Of the rest nothing except good, and therefore nothing. Mr. GiU is fiuhting his up hill battle ot the Queen's Theatre very bravely. In fact, bis little engagements with the puhio during the wee* may be considered to havo been decidedly in his favour, to judge by the good houses drawn by his company The principal pieces pro duced since my last have been «Tho Will and tho Way." and "Bip Van Winkle,' ' the formor a highly sen sational drama of the highly sensational Bohool, salted spiced, and otherwise flavoured according to tho usual recipe for suoh pieces. The plot, incidents, and denouements are mixed up beyond almost the possibility of unravelling. But 'his is exactly as it should be to suit the class of people that incline to this school-a CIUBS which Mr. Gill may expect to form the great bulk of his audience. It will be sufficient to say that Mr. Martin. Mr Gill, Mr. Hasker, Mrs Gill, and Miss Maggie Oliver exerted them selves so as to amuse tho audience. Kip Van Winkle was given too late for this weeks' notice. Tho after-pieces have been " Family Jars" and " Lend mo Five Shil lings." In the former, Miss Mapirio Oliver's "Lydia Lannigan " is a special ity that is now well known and appreci ated by Sydney playgoers. It will certainly be considered ns a hoalthy sign if Sydney can support two theatres for the representation of th» drama and I nm very glad to observo that this is to bo done, us far ns Mr Gill is concerned, without the a lmisiim of " boys" who nothing help and only mi>ke a noise, and I am convinced that to bo profitable, it only requires to havo our places of entertainment comfo tab e, well seated, and welUventilatod, with nil the little etcetrñs that tend so much to make us contented with the amusement provided. Mr. Spencer, always eager to add io his already crammed cabinet of curiosities has jnBt finished a beautiful model of tho Zig-Zag, with trains in motion, and thin will no doubt increase tho number of visitors to this already well-known es tablishment. I find that unwittingly, I have done an injustice to a well known artist, who deserves all the pruise, that can be con scientiously accorded to bim. Noting some excellent Egyptian scen ery, used in the opera of "Mose." I attributed them, after due information on that point to a Mr. Grist of Adelaide ; they were however painted by Herr Habbe, to whose knowledge and artistic skill they render ample justice. On the other hand, a very ordinary scene in the " Prophet" was announced by Herr Habbe, whereas the actual painting for the same scene by their artist re- mained in Melbourne, and was not brought to Sydney. I am very glad to be able to render this justice, as though Herr Habbe is too well known to requiro eulogium, it is but right, that every man should receive the honor which his work merits. Mr. Dry's room has been thronged with visitors to Bee his really wonderful exhibition. It is impossible to conceive a more beautiful union bf art and mechanism, and the result of the combination amounts to an illus tration of genius, If Mr. Dry is not a painter, he must have Btudied closely all the beauties bf marine scenery, and the peculiarities of ships both in reality and in pictures. It is difficult to imagine anything moro real than' the appearance of this VOSBOI, the Evergreen, as she ploughs the billows leaving the coast behind her. And yet wood alone uncoloured and in its natural state is the material of which this picture is ni' de. How great must have been the determination that resolved on the execution of such a work ; how en during the patience that effected it against almost in surmountable obstacles-the difficulty of matching and fitting the pieces of wood ; even after the requisite quality and description had been found, must bave been exceeded by that of cutting into the necessary shape, and repeating them again and again after numerous failures. Mr. Dry is about exhibiting his picture in Europe. It will be the means of making the beautiful woods of these regions better known than they ara at present, but the work of art ought certainly to be re tained in our own possession. In the musical world, nothing seems to be done to enliven us It is very rare that a metropolis is so bare of musical entertainments or tho means of developing public musical taste, and this when we have had amongst us some of the best musicians of the day. The - ydney Philharmonic Society -the remnant of tho lato Choral Society-is struggling for nn existence, with what BUCCOSB remains yet to be sean. A little musical trifle entitled-the " Trust and Try Gollop " hasbeen published by Kino Hilde, possibly an amateur, having on its title tho additional sensa tional idea of being dedicated to " you," whoever you may bo, that play tho piece. It is a light and danceable gallop, and is very fairly arranged, though there aro occasional errors, which may perhaps bo duo to the on graver. The publication is well got up. ________ BIRON. 