THE DIVINE NATURE OF CHRIST. Perhaps there is no doctrine on which the oracle has pronounced so plainly and so positively; and when to the direct and absolute deliverance of Scripture, you add all its incidental confirmations, the proof becomes not only irresistible, but almost redundant and oppressive. For instance, if Jesus be not a partaker of the Divine nature, how strange and unaccountable the solemnity which encircles His person whenever He is introduced in the Word of God ! ' How comes it to be such a crime to trample on His blood ; and why is the man who loves Him not ' an anathema '? Wherefore is it repre sented as such a stretch of Divine munificence, that God so loved the world that He gave His only-begotten Son, if that Son were a mere man or a mere archangel ? And when Howard and other men have impoverished themselves for their fellow-men, why should it be deemed such peerless generosity? ' Ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ: though He was rich, for your sakes He became poor; that ye, through His poverty, might be rich.' And if the mind of the Saviour were finite, how should it need a special prayer ? that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith ; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend, with all saints, what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height ; and to. know theloveof Christ, which passeth knowledge?'' (Wardlaw o'n the Socinian Controversy, pp. 46-48). If Christ were a creature, how could He promise to numerous disciples, ' Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world '? And how should He associate His name with the Name supreme in such a symbol as the baptismal dedication, 'Go and make disciples, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost '? Is there an attribute or an act of the Most High which is not ascribed to Jesus Christ ? For example, does Jehovah claim eternal existence as His prerogative ? ' Thus saith Jehovah, 1 am the first, and I am the last, and besides Me there is no God.' But in the Apocalypse Jesus says again and again, ' I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.' Does Jehovah claim as a divine distinction an all-pervading and all-perceiving presence 7 Does He promise to the church of old Israel, ' In all places where I record My name, I will come unto thee and I will bless thee' ? And does He say, ' The heart is deceitful above all things ; who can know it ? I Jehovah search the heart; I try the reins'? But has not Jesus promised to the Christian Church, ' When two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them :' ' Thp.n shall all the churches know that I (Jesus) am He that searcheth the reins and the hearts' ? Is creation the work of Omnipotence, and must ' the gods who have not made the heavens perish from the earth' ? But ' all things were made by the Word, and without Him was not anything made that was made.' ' By Him, ' that is, by God's ' dear Son,' ' were all things created that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible ; whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers, all things were created by Him, and for Him ; and He is left before all things, and by Him all things consist.'' — James Hamilton, D.D. _ On a Sunday afternoon recently, in London, Miss Patteson, the sister of the late lamented Bishop Patteson, gave an account of her brother's missionary labours to the teachers and scholars of St. Giles in-the-Fields Sunday- schools, in their large building in Endell-street. Speaking in a voice distinctly audible, and in a kindly, familiar manner, which rivetted the attention of the junior portion of her audience throughout, Miss Patteson portrayed her brother's career from the time when (like herself) he resided in St. Giles', to his curacy in Devonshire ; then describing his interviews with Bishop Selwyn, and his appointment at length to the supreme control of the Melanesian Mission ; finally, narrating the painfully touching story of his martyrdom, and ending by earnestly exhorting the children to contribute as far as they could towards the support of the missionary cause, which her dear brother had so much at heart, for which he so perseveringly laboured, and in the extension of which he yielded his truly valuable life. Previous to Miss Patteson's address, the rector (Rev. Canon Nisbet) gave a few preliminary remarks concerning his own personal acquaintance with the murdered prelate when a youth. ' The visible heavens declare the glory of the invisible God ; they are His direct witnesses, and neither require nor receive any extra neous addition to their evidence. Even so the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament are in themselves the expositors of the divine ? perfections, and the witnesses of their own divine origin. And were we deprived of the entire testamentary evidence of miracles, and the external evidence of prophecy, still the internal constitution of the Scriptures themselves were sufficient to command our assent. No human histonan could, as they do, tell all the truth ; no human legis lator could enact the Ten Commandments ; no human genius could conceive the character of Christ ; no human morality could ascend to gospel holiness; no human devotion could dictate the Lord's Prayer; no human mercy could provide gospel grace; no human skill could so search and discover the secrets of the human heart, and at once provide the means of proving its guilt and of cleansing it from all sin. But all these things are done by the Scriptures ; they are, therefore, not of man— they must be of God. There are the heavens above ; here is the earth beneath ; none but God could pro duce either ; both are His and their own witnesses,'— (Written by Dr. Henry Cooke, of Belfast, on the blank page of a presentation copy of his edition of Brown's Bible.) Feab not, thou that longest to be at home. A few steps more and thou art there. Death to God's people is but a ferry-boat. Every day and every hour, the boat pushes off with some of the saints, and returns for more. Soon, 0 believer, it will be said to thee, as it was to her in the Gospel, ' The Master is come, and calleth for thee 1' When you are got to the boundary of your race below, and stand on the verge of heaven and the confines of immortality, then there will be nothing but the short valley of death between you and the pro mised land ; the labours of your pilgrimage will then be on the point of conclusion, and you will have nothing to do but to entreat God as tfoSfiS fllfl ? ' T TVrSl.V TVlPP 1f-+ mo m-i nirav anr~l nnr, 4T-, ^ rrrmA 1««J +!,„-. is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon.' — Tojrtady. ^ Peehaps it is a greater energy of Divine power, which keeps the Christian from day to day, from year to year — praying, hoping, running, believing— against all hindrances — which maintains him as a living martyr ; than that which bears him up for an hour in sacrificing himself at the stake. — Cecil. God teaches some of his best lessons in the school of affliction, It is said that St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians has quite the spirit and air of a prison. That school must be truly excellent which produces such experience and wisdom, — Cecil. 