GEEAT BBITAESr. CONSECRATION OF THE DIOCESE OP WESTMINSTER TO THE SACRED HEART. The following Pastoral Letter from his Grace the Archbishop was read' in all churches and chapels of the Diocese of West minster on the' feast of Corpus Christi, and on the Sunday within the octave :— ' 'In the short letter addressed to you at Christmas last we made known to you our desire and intention to consecrate the Diocese of Westminster %o the Sacred Heart of our wrd Jesus Christ. This intention was not aiwiuy tormccl ; nor was it — as we hope to snow hereafter — -without many special reasons. Before announcing it to you, wo laid this intention and its reasons before the chapter of the diocese. The canons unani mously concurred in our desire. '.During the tost six months we have been making pre paration, and in the diocesan synod, on the «th of this month, we propose to record rm8 ^ct °f Consecration in a formal decree, .'is done, the public Act of Consecration *ul be solemnly inaugurated in tiro pro ijthedral, to be followed on the Sunday 7«r by a similar act in all the churches ot our jurisdiction. We will now ontlea '-ur to state what is intended by the Act 2 ^obsecration, ancl for what, reasons it' is Wade. Ihe Act of Consecration i.« a solemn Purpose of pastors and floclca by which wo '*iy offer ourselves to our IHvme Lord, paging ourselves both to seek after a SWatcr knowledge and more intimate love of J»s hawed Heart, and alao to spread that «1 rn?e and love in a1.1 W* in 'bur power. an .'? , fipsk and obvious '.reason for such tU wo tne^b-y place trarselvcs under $! TVf of a11 Kviie graoc. Tho Sacred the -ft ,.esus is the ''foratain-hottd of all ttAiJnl3' '$lt3- and inspirations of the UT?1- In Him, 'arekk-l all the trea 3) Tf ? om aod knowledge/ (Ooloss. ii. -fie tS. ? fountaiT1 i» the midst of .'Para- 1 1 -'om it flowa for ever t'?.o river which makes glad the City of God. It is the sanc tuary out of which come the waters that give life wheresoever they pass. It was from the Sacred Heart that the Apostles drew their inspiration to illuminate and to convert the world. The beloved disciple lay upon it at supper, and, as the Church says, ' drank of the streams which flowed from the sacred fountain of the heart of the Lord.' Therefore the words of those who were kindled by the Sacred Heart were ' as a fire, ..... and as a hammer that breaketh the rocks in pieces,' (Jerein. xxiii., 29.) ; there fore the hearts of men were prepared by the Spirit of, God, which went before the Disci ples of Jesus wheresoever they preached. The early rain of the Holy Ghost fell upon the earth in the morning light of the Faith, and the latter rain will not be stayed from us upon whom the ends 'of the world are come. If we fail in our work of saving souls, may it not bo that we have lost or strained our union with the source of all spiritual light and power, and have, it may be insensibly, begun to trust in natural gifts, or influences, or dexterity, or intel lectual culture, in human helpers, or in our selves ? And what is this but the infidelity of Israel P ' My people have done two evils : they have forsaken Me, the fountain of living water, and have hewn out to them selves cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.' (Jerem. ii., 13.) If, then, we desire to see tho fields, which are white for the harvest, ripen before us ; if we hope to gather the heathen world to the Word made flesh ; to reclaim the souls baptized into the Church, but fallen away or wandering in the wilderness, or wilfully gone out from the unity of the Faith; if we hope to convert sinners within the fold, to raise the penitent to contrition, to kindle the fervent with greater love to God, to guide upwards those who are striving to be perfect, — there is but one source from which the light and the power can come to us, and one only who ca*n open tho ear and make the heart willing in those who hear us. ' We therefore fervently desire that we all alike should consecrate ourselves to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. And this desire springs not only from faith that such a con secration will surely draw us all nearer to Him, but also from an experience of the grace which is to be obtained by that act. We have already consecrated the work of saving our poor children to the Sacred Heart of the Good Shepherd. Our first act, when in 1865 we went to Borne to receive the Sacred Pallium, was to ask of our H-o'^ Father to bestow his special blessing, with indulgences, on the ' Association of the Sacred Heart,' for the saving of the poor children in London. The benediction which has rested upon this work exceeds all we had ?ventured to hope. We never thought, a few years ago, that so great, a work-in -so short a time would be accomplished. We forbear to state here what has been done, for you all know it, and have borne your part in it. More, indeed, remains to b*e done ; but the grace which has prospered us hitherto gives full earnest of the heJp which will finish what He has begun. The work is, His ; and He will surely. fulfil it, if we labour for Him, trusting not in ourselves, but in His power and graco. _ ' Having, therefore, already received a visible and abundant blessing xipon the world of saving our poor children, the time is come to consecrate all that remains of our Flock and Diocese to the same love and tenderness of the Sacred Heart., None know better than you, reverend and dear brethren, what multi tudes of souls are perishing in London ; what a large proportion even of Catholics are tit this time living without the sacraments of grace. If they are brought back to the prac tice of their religion, it is by the love of the Good Sheoherd seekinar and savinsr the lost. We have fco rejoice indeed over tens of thou sands who are living in the grace of God, and are going onward into the Kingdom, of Life almost without our help. They come to us gladty, punctually, and with a filial piety towards God. They .are the ninety and nine over whom we may rejoice and leave them in safety. But there are tens of thousands who keep aloof from us ; whom we seldom or never see ; who, from a consciousness of long neglect, or, it may be, of' graver sin. are afraid to come back. These are .the children of Catholics robbed of their faith in past years, now grown to manhood, Irish in blood and name, Catholic by baptism, but brought up in Poor Law Schools, without belief in Pro testantism, and yet without knowledge of their faith. These also we must bring ; and therefore these also we must seek for, going after them, in season, out of season, searching them out in their homes and their hiding places, with patient and generous charity. Bat to do all this, we must ourselves be 'first replenished from the fountain of the love of souls ; we must be set on fire with the flame which consumed the Sacred Heart in the villages of Galilee, in the streets of Jerusalem, iu the mountain and in the wilderness, in the garden and upon the Cross. 'Let us then consecrate ourselves to be the Disciples and. Apostles of the Sacred Heart : first, to learn of it what we teach to others ; and next to obtain the unresting zeal, and perfect sacrifice of self, without which men Vill hold out against all we say, bocausc they do not feel the power and love of the Sacred Heart in what we are. ' Such then is one suffi ient motive for thif Act of Consecration — namely, that we may obtain an abundant outpouring of the Spirit of Grace, both upo-jv \foc pastors and itpon the flock. ' 2. A second reason is, that, next to the devotion of the Most Holy Sacrament, there is none that so luminously unfolds the doctrine of the Incarnation ; and therefore the whole revelation of God : ' This is lift eternal : that they may know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom Thou has'i sent.' (St. John, xvii., 3). As the Incarnation lays open the mystery of the Ever-blessed Trinity, so the Sacred Heart lays open the mystery of the Incarnation. The Ever-blessed Sacrament is the presence of our Incarnate Lord : but the devotion of the Sacred Heart is the opening of the Taber nacle, and the manifestation of the Divine perfections and moral beauty of Jesus Christ. ' The Word was made flesh and dwelt among us ; and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the Only Begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth' (St. John, i., 14). This glory is not to be seen by the eye, but by the heart; It is not to be understood by the intellect so much as by the soul. It is the beauty of the Son of Man, of the Man of Sorrows in His divine love and human tenderness, of which the Sacred Heart is the sanctuary and the expression. ' Our Lord called His Apostles the ' Light of the World,' because they lifted up upon the nations ' the true light that lighteth every man that cometh into the world.' The Church is now and for ever the light of the world, because it prolongs and sheds abroad the light of the Incarnation on the earth. This light has never waned, nor will it ever grow dim ; but round about the Church the light of the Incarnation has been rapidly fading away. The revolt of the so-called Reformation, and the havoc of Rationalism in Germany, and of Materialism in England, have gone far to efface what has been lately called 'the Christian thought' from the minds of men. They are beginning to ask, ' are we Christians ?' — to confess that they are Christians no longer. Not so in the Church of God. While the tendency of all lingering Christian belief outside its unity has beca to decline and die, the faith of the Catholic Church has risen in' its intensity. The Council of the Vatican has roused^the world to fear and enmity by the fearless energy of its definitions. And as the dogma of the Church is rising in its definite expres sions, so the devotions of the Church, which are dogma in the form of contemplation and of prayer, are becoming more fervent and more widely spread. It is dogma which generates devotion; but it is devotion,, that infuses and inspires dogma in all its precision into the hearts of the faithful. It cannot then be doubted that tho devotion of the Sacred Heart most powerfully drays the hearts and minds of the faithful to this great dogma of Incarnation, and to all the mysteries of truth and grace -which arise from it ; such as the presence of the Word made Flesh in the Ever-blessed Sacrament; the divine authority and supernatural properties and endowments of the Mystical Body, and of its Visible Head. In these later ages Our Lord has three times rekindled the fervour of the faithful to His Sacred .Humanity. The Church declares in the Holy Mass that when the world was growing cold, the Son of God, to inflame our hearts with the fire of His love, renewed the Sacred Stigmata of His Passion in the hands, feet, and side of Francis, the Saint of the Sacred Humanity and of Seraphic love. And once again, and when the cold perverseness of heresy had begun to draw many hearts from the presence and love of Jesus in the Holy Eucharist, the inspiration given to blessed Juliana has spread throughout the Church, in ever-multiplying forms of love and devotion to the Most Holy Sacrament, ' the festival of Corpus Christi. And that this personal love to His presence might ever grow more fer vent, He Ghose out blessed Margaret Mary, a despised daughter of St. Francis of Sales, to whom in singular love He manifested Himself, and made her the Evangelist of His Sacred Heart. And as the world still grows unbelieving and cold towards His Person amd His Passion, He more and more unfolds upon us, and inflames the Church with the love of His love to us. Therefore He taught St. Paul of the Cross to make the burden of his mission and his order the preaching of His Passion and of His Five Sacred Wounds ; and now in our days He has raised up the Venerable del Gasper Bufalo to spread throughout the Church the Adoration of the Seven Effusions of the most Precious Blood. All these alike have reawakened and rekindled the fervour of the faithful to the Incarnate Word ; and all alike are con tained in the Devotion of the Sacred Heart of which was pierced, and shed its Divine lifo blood for us. ' As the world, then, once Christian, has been losing the light of the Incarnation, and has been relapsing into tho twilight and the darkness, the Church has ever been emitting a more luminous radiance, and kindling in every age a greater ^fervour of adoring love around the presence of its Incarnate Lord. Aa dogma is dying out among those who, being separated from Catholic unity, have lost the guidance of the Divine Voice and of the teacher 'who cannot err, the Church,, in its precise definitions of the Faith, is always advancing to complete its divine ', science, and to renew the ardour of its love and adoration. As the world wears on, the uharity of many becomes cold ; and the light of faith grows fainter as the coming of the Son of Man draws near. Not so with the Church. It is always growing brighter in- :: its notes, and more conscious that the day-spring is at hand. In that day the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun; and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold as the light of seven days, in the day when the Lord shall bind up the wound of His people, and shall heal the stroke of their wound' (Isaias, xxx., 26). We see this growing fervour at this time in every land wheresoever the Cotholic Church is in conflict with the world. The world is casting it off, and fighting against it ; but the Church is consolidating its unity and its power, and rekindling sevenfold its fervour and its light. The world has cast out the Sacred Heart by name. Let us take it up, and cherish it with a sevenfold ardour of devotion in the face of the world. Let us be generous towards Him, and make reparation for the outrages He is now enduring in all lands. It may be He will accept the offer ing of our hearts, though it be little worth ; and will pour out an abundant grace from His heart of love upon us and upon His Church, and upon this land, which was once as the garden of the Lord before Him.' 