English Mjul The Bennett Case. — The storm created by this controversy — involving as it does the central question, which was mooted at the Eeformation, for which martyrs laid down their lives — has not yet subsided. The angry waves still lash the shores, and their sullen roar seems to portend' another outburst of the elemental strife. The secession of the Rev. Capel Molyneux, with that of Mr. Bird and others of less note, indicates how strongly the ruling of the Judicial Committee weighed upon the consciences — we will not say of the weaker brethren, but of those who were more sensitive. At the Church Association Conference the subject of the Bennett judgment was brought on by the Rev. Joseph Bardsley, rector of Stepney, in a paper entitled, ' What duties arise to the Evangelical clergy and laity out of the recent decision of the Privy Council in the case of Sheppard v. Bennett.' He said: — ' Is it then our duty to secede and establish a Free Church? I see nothing in the judgment to make this a question for consideration. The articles and formularies of the church are just what they were before the judgment was given, and our engagements to teach and conform to their requirements are the same. Their teaching has been expounded by the highest tribunal of the land to be what Evangelical men had ever held and taught. We are at one with the Church : the Ritualists are at variance with her dogmatic teaching. If there is to be a secession, let it not be from i-ne rauiss 01 ner loyai ana ia.iiju.iui buiis, uuu ui muse wuu cue mis representing and betraying her. Shall we seek, as some suggest, to get a revision of the Prayer-book ? I offer no opinion on the general question of liturgical revision ; but I do say that to make this judgment the occasion for seeking it would, in my opinion, be an disastrous mistake. The judges were unanimous in their exposition of our formularies of the Lord's Supper, and their expositions of the Church's doctrine entirely accord with what Evangelical Churchmen have always believed, being persuaded that ' they may be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scripture.' What, then, can we hope to gain in reference to this subject by a revision of the prayer-book ? It is a case where we may lose much and can at best gain little. Shall we adopt what Mr. Molyneux regards as the only remaining alternative—disestablishment ? IE the Established Church is justly chargeable with sanctioning superstition and idolatry, it would then be our bounden duty to separate ourselves from it, until purged of such heresy. But I cannot accept the conclusion of Mr. Molyneux, because I utterly deny the correctness of his premises. We all lament the existence of false teachers within our church, and it is clearly our plain duty by all legitimate means to seek their expulsion. There were false teachers and corruptions in the church, even in apostolic days, when then it had no connection with the State ; and I think no one will affirm, allowing for the respective numbers of the non established Episcopal churches in America and Scotland, that these churches are purer in doctrine than our own Established Church.' In drawing to a close, the rev. gentleman expressed his sense of the deep debt of gratitude which was owing to the Church Association Council for the vindication of the Protestant and Scriptural character of our church, and strongly deprecated the ideas of secession or disestablishment. On the same occasion the Rev. Capel Molyneux said he never occupied a more painful position in his life than at present, believing, as he did, that the question now before them was the most momentous which had claimed their attention since the Reformation. He felt it to be his duty to tell them that he had broken his connection with the Council of the Church Association, because he did not wish them to be held responsible for what he might say. He wished simply to keep to the question before them. What was the decision in the Bennett case ? It was that their Lordships had found nothing in the words of Mr. Bennett contrary or repugnant to the articles and formularies of the English Church. If the doctrines laid down by Mr. Bennett with regard to the real presence were not utterly unscriptural, he did not know what Scripture meant. He denied that our church was entirely Protestant. Would any one tell him, after the highest authorities in the land had decided that the preaching of the doctrine of the real presence was not repugnant, that our church is Protestant ? He confessed that he had been astonished at the apathy and coolness with which the Bennett judgment had been received. Did they believe that if Latimer and Ridley had lived in these days, that they would have quietly sat still after such a decision was given ? Let them cast the poisonous element out of the church, or they would go. If there was nothing in Mr. Bennett's doctrines contrary to the articles and formularies of the church, then they must attack the articles and formularies. There was a sacerdotal element in the prayer-book which they must get rid of. He said months ago, before the Bennett judgment was given, that if it were given in favour of Mr. Bennett, there would be no standing ground in the chutdi for Evangelical clergymen. They were now at a deadlock, for they could not get reformation without revision, and they could not succeed in getting revision. He could not afford to watch and be patient. If they could not get what they wished, he was for disestablishment, for he would rather have a church under any, circumstances an honour to God than a dishonour. It was impossible for a house to stand which was divided against itself, and the sooner it broke up the better. If , they broke up the church to-morrow, the Evangelical clergy would hold their own; but if they allowed things to go on as at present a few years longer, the Ritualists and Komanists would have it all in their own hands. He was sure they would be supported, if they went in for disestablishment, by the great mass of Dissenters. His position as a clergyman in the Church of England involved complicity in what was done in it, and therefore, as things were, he should secede. He had been forty-live years in the church, and it would cost him a great deal of pain to sever his connection, and it was not for want of love he left it, but because he felt there was too much Popery in its services. Since . he could see no chance of dis establishment there was nothing left for him to do but secede. He was getting old, and he could not afford to pass out of the world bearing the burden of complicity in false doctrines. He was still in the church, but if he lived to the end of the year his connection with it would close. In speaking from the chair at the annual meeting of the Carlisle branch of the Church Association, the Dean went very fully into the important matters which are occupying so much attention. At the close of his remarks he said: — 'Here is the secret oE Mr. Molyneux's secession! The judgment of the Privy Council may have precipitated his contemplated step — or at least may have afforded him a plausible excuse for it ; but surely if he had previously felt — we cannot tell for how long — that there was a sacerdotal element in the church and too much Popery in her services, he ought long since to havr ceased to use them, he ought to have denounced them as he does at last : for to continue administer ing the church's services, and acting as one of her trusted servants, while he in his heart believed those services sacerdotal and Popish, which he abhors and denounces, was something worse ' than an enormous blunder' — but I will not define it. What Mr. Molyneux's duty may be in this matter is known best between his God and him self. But, as I have ever held, written, and taught the very opposite, viz. : — that the sacerdotal principle is eliminated from the Prayer-book, that there is no Popery in it, but abundant noble testimony against it, and since the recent deliberate decision of Her Majesty's Council has ratified and confirmed all my convictions, it is my duty not only to secede, but to cleave to my mother church more earnestly and affection . ately than ever, and to do all that in me lies to deter all whom I can influence, whether pastors or laity, from the groundless, rash, ill-timed, and mischievous step of abandoning the national church. In her bosom I have been cherished, to her I owe every comfort and spiritual consolation that I possess ; and, instead of leaving her in her diffi culties to the tender mercies of traitors and infidels, she who has ofttimes helped me shall have what help I can give her. It is my last prayer to you, dear friends, and to all Christian friends, let what will happen, whatever distraction may come, never desert your beloved church ; but receive the testimony of an old and experienced pastor that there is no other body of Christians in Great Britain who can maintain the gospel in its truth and purity like the Church of England.' . The Rev. Dr. Cumming on the Bennett Judgment. — The' opinion of a staunch Presbyterian, and one thoroughly attached to the Church of Scotland, not only carries with it the merit of im partiality, but in the case of the following reply to certain inquiries emanating from a Episcopalian friend, it will be seen that the points . at issue are put in a very clear and convincing light. He writes : — ' Secession from the church, whether of England or Scotland, is the last, most desperate, and even then the most inexpedient step for any of its ministers to take. Secession from the Church of Scotland, as I can testify, has been. prolific of bitterness and breach of brotherly love such as convpels me to deplore it as at all hazards, except of God's truth, to be avoided. I have read and reflected on the judicial deliverance in the Bennett case. My entire belief is that the court did not sanction or legalise transubstantiation. As a court it had to give judgment on what was submitted to it for deliverance. What ever suspicions or impressions we may entertain as to Mr. Bennett's inner and real heresies, the court had to give judgment on what was laid before it, and competently proved. On no other ground could it decide. What was set before it was ' perilously near a violation of the law,' but it was not so manifestly a violation of the law that it could legally and justly incur deposition, When in Scotland the accused is found legally guilty, the jury give their verdict ' Guilty.' When the jury feel he is guilty, but see that the evidence does not judicially prove he is so, they give the verdict ' Not Proven.' I hold this is precisely the state of matters in the Bennett judgment. An accused person ought not to be convicted from suspicions or impres sions, but from evidence tangible, and clear, and conclusive. The Church of England stands just where she was. Only a heretic has cleverly escaped ; by the skin of his teeth.' But acquittal from the charge of false doctrine by a competent tribunal proves not that the church holds or sanctions false doctrine, but onljr that she could not bring home the charge by adducing legal proofs of its acceptance by the accused. Very strong language is and may be used of the sacra ment of the Lord's Supper, and so used it is liable to misconstruction by persons whose polarity is Romeward. In the Catechism of the Church of Scotland the Lord's Supper is defined as ' a holy ordin ance instituted by Christ,, wherein by sensible signs Christ and the benefit of. the New Covenant are represented, sealed, and applied to believers.' These words are easily understood by plain Christian people. But in the possession of a Bomishly-inclined and subtle teacher they may be perverted as even portions of the Scripture are. Those who leave the Church of England may find that they join one not one whit better. 'Tares and wheat constitute the visible church till the Lord comes. Sometimes the tares grow rank and prominent, and on other times the wheat has the ascendant. Be thankful, my dear Dr. Blakeney, that you can preach the ever-blessed Gospel in all its fulness and purity, and not only feed your flock with living bread and living water, but thunder when it is required, as it now is, against the soul- destroying dogmas of the Church of Rome. Your trust-deed is the 39 Articles ; your Liturgy, who does not admire ; and the scdolarship of your divines is the treasure of Christendom. To use a Scotch phrase, the most unprofitable of all employments is that of ' kirk- tinkering.' The most glorious of all privileges is to be able to preach the everlasting Gospel, no man daring to forbid you. There is a most unhealthy mania about churches. Some would Presby terianise, some would Ritualise, some would Anglicanise, and others would Romanise, and others, renouncing all these, would start new platforms. Be it .ours to win souls for heaven, to preach Christ crucified, and soon to be crowned. ' Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth.' But let us earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints. To my mind, on a careful review of the whole subject, it is not the duty of any Evangelical minister of the Church of England to secede.' Ritualistic Development. — It is not necessary to chronicle at all times the doings of the extreme party in our church, but with the progress of the movement there is a manifestly closer approach to a thoroughly Romish type. ' A South Londoner ' writes to the Daily Telegraph, Nov. 1 : — ' A few minutes before eight p.m. I was in All Saints,' New Cut, the church of. Dr. Lee. ? Above the wooden screen of the chancel I noticed a crucifix, and on the altar a gilt cross, with six lighted candles. There were twenty-four other tapers burning before and around the altar, in addition to 144 gas jets which lighted the chancel.' After a hymn, Dr. Lee ascended the pulpit, and, turn ing to the altar, said : — 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' all, the clergy and choir making the sign_of the cross. Dr. Lee had no notes, and delivered with great solemnity of manner and beauty of language a short discourse on the great subject of the day. In the course of his remarks he said that the f aituf ul departed were not yet in the presence of God, and must not ? be confounded with the saints, who were enjoying all the bliss possi ble until the resurrection. They felt an interest in us, for they also had begun their life at the font, and had experienced the same trials. Any particular patron saint specially took notice of those who had so chosen him, and sought help for them from God. If we needed a favour from the Queen we should ask help from some one near her, especially if related to her ; and who was more potent with Jesus than Mary, of whom He was born ? Her interest with- that divine Son must be great, and consequently all those Christians who had descended into the slough of intellectual misery, so alien to the church, began by disparaging the mother, and ended by disparaging the Son. Let the followers of Luther and Calvin be an example. The majority of Unitarian congregations in America, who are greater in number than any three communions, religious or non-religious, in that continent, were the descendants of the Puritans. That was the natural development of a system which had some life in it then. As we placed ourselves under the protection of the blessed mother of . the Lord, so near to Him, so we may seek the aid of the saints ; for to speak of the communion of the saints, and have none of it, was to believe in a useless formula. Let us thank God for the privilege of being thus joined to the saints, and by them to Jesus, and by Him to the Father and Holy Ghost. We might select one whom we admired, and ask God that he might constantly intercede in our behalf. So hereafter-might we, by Jesus Christ, be presented as the fruits of His incarnation and passion to the Father.' Hymns Ancient and Modern. — The Plumstead agitation against this hymn-book has been continued, the Rev. James Ormiston being determined to expose 'the pernicious doctrines taughtin thathymnal,' though no longer as a disputant, but as a lecturer, the Rev. James M'Allister having retired from the fray. The next point he con sidered was what the hymn-book inculcated on the subject of tran substantiation, or, as Mr. Ormiston put it, 'a doctrine that could not be distinguished from it.' In Hymn 203, which was one taken from the Roman and Paris Breviary, he found the following verses :— ' That last night at Supper lying, 'Mid the twelve His chosen band, Jesus, with the law complying, Keeps the feasts its rites demand ; Then, moreprecioxis Food supplying, Gives Himself wii/t His own hand. ' Word-made-Flesh, true bread he maketh By His Word His Flesh to be; ? Wine, His Blood; which whoso taketh Must from carnal thoughts be free ; ? Faith alone, though sight J 'or salceth, Shows true hearts tlie mystery.' And he strongly protested against the use of a hymn-book which contained such teaching as this in Protestant congregations. His opponent at the last meeting had unwittingly supplied him with a powerful argument, by saying that this hymn-book didn't go far enough to please the Ritualists. He (Mr. Ormiston) had always maintained that the book was a pioneer of Ritualism and Romanism, preparing the way for stronger expressions, as was shown in a book which had reached a third edition, and which was sold at the Church Times office, and published by Palmer, of Lincoln's-inn-fields. It was called the Hymnal Noted, and in Hymn 217 was the following verse : — ' Farewell to types ! Henceforth We feed on angels' food ; ' The guilty slave — oh, wonder ! eats The body of his God.' ' : ? Was the Church of England prepared to sanction such, blasphemy as that ? he asked. (Loud and indignant cries of ' No, no!') The rev. gentleman concluded by stating that his desire had been, not only to expose error, but to sow seeds of eternal truth, and resumed his seat amid enthusiastic applause. The Bishop of Winchester on Church- Schools.— A very small amount of ingenuity will suffice to apply the following remarks, ?mutatis mutandis, to the school question in this colony. Speaking at the opening of the new Camberwell Green-coat and National Schools, the Bishop said it was very important that the present effort should be made. He could see very considerable troubles ahead for that most important and majestic 'body, the London School Board. They were very great gentlemen indeed, and walked about like spectres clothed* in white garments. They were now turning the first corner of their difficulties, for they had to ask people for the little figure of their bill. It was a most disagreeable operation for English, people to pay bills. As long as the amount was kept out of sight 'they had junketings, made merry, and enjoyed the things pro vided for them, because the cost was forgotten ; but as soon as the officer came in and asked for his little account, they assumed a sort of spasmodic virtue, and reluctantly put their hands in their pockets. The London School Board was just in that position. When they applied for their little account, there was one thing that would be most intolerable to English people, and especially to that most wholesome person, the British ratepayer, and it was that schools should be built and paid for out of the rates, not to supply the great deficiency in education, but to oppose existing educational systems. He for one expected there would be a degree of interest shown in the subject by the public such as had not before existed. He was confi dent there was an abominable abuse of power. Children were to be educated, and must be educated, and we must have rate schools ; but where there was provision already made by those who cared to give a perfect education — an education of which religion was the founda tion — there ought not to be an impost upon the ratepayers to support the schools started in opposition not to ignorance, but in opposition to religious teaching. That was a thing which he for one believed the ratepayers would not hear of, nor Parliament agree to. There fore, such a work as would here occupy the ground and would pro vide for over 800 children was, in the present state of things, almost a national benefit. The East African Slave teade and Sir Bartle Frere's Mission. — The appointment of Sir Bartle Frere to the mission for the suppression of the slave traffic in East Africa was the im mediate occasion of a great anti-slavery meeting held at the Mansion House. The public interest was betokened by a crowded attendance. Sir Bartle Frere was received with enthusiastic cheers. In the course of his remarks he insisted on the responsibility attach ing in this matter to the leaders of commerce. ' I believe I speak the conviction of the Foreign office and all who know the question best, when I say that all the political measures in the world would have been comparatively ineffectual if they had not been backed up by the self-denying exertions of commercial men in the great centres of commercial industry in this country. I have no doubt, as in many other cases, that they have reaped their reward, and I only wish it was ten times greater than it has been ; but this I know, that it was taken up as a work of Christian love, and not as a work of sordid gain ; and if it has prospered it has been because it was undertaken on sound principles. There is another matter, and that is that we should each in our several sections of the great Christian Church exert ourselves to do what we can to plant Christian colonies on the coast. _ I believe it is from such nuclei that not only Christian truth, but civilisation and freedom, will spread throughout Africa. All testi mony tells us that, docile, and in many respects tractable, as the African people are, they are far behind in the general arts of life and in the practice of civilisation. You can place Christian men on that coast who may in time become centres of civilisation as well as of freedom and Christianity. This is all the more important, because we-are ever hoping that there, as here, it may be sufficient to attend to the moral training of the people ; but I am quite certain that morality and industry may go hand-in-hand ; and although I do not venture here to enlarge on this topic, I believe from all the testimony I hear that you cannot do better than enable your missionaries to become also centres of industrial improvement.' The concluding remarks of Sir Bartle, impressing on the meeting the duty of caring for the family of Livingstone while their father is in the centre of Africa, was received with loud cheering. When Mr. Stanley, the discoverer of Livingstone, rose, he was received with prolonged cheering. It was impossible for him to proceed until he had mounted a chair, in order that he might be seen by the audience in the remoter parts of the room. ' In Zanzibar,' he said, 'there were 17,000 Banians, who were wealthy, and found the money with which the slave trade was carried on. They made advances to adventurous Arabs who came down from Muscat, and they got a return of 100 per cent, on every dollar they advanced. An Arab, going out with a caravan, would take from 3000 to 5000 dollars' worth of cloth, beads, and wire, and march to Unyanyerabe ; but slaves were too dear there, being worth 10. 20. and 30 dollars each. He would go on to Ujiji, where they were cheaper, being worth 6, 7, S, or 10 dollars a head ; but that was too dear, for the avarice of the Arab was kindled. In order to satisfy that and the relentless usurer who had advanced money, the expedition crossed Lake Tangan yikae, into Lower Manyema, where 80 or 100 guns were amply sufficient to conquer any of the native tribes or sub-tribes. Living stone had pictured the beauty of the women, and, having seen two or three hundred of them in chains at Ujiji, he could confirm what Livingstone had said. The women of Manyema were preferred for wives, and the Arabs would do anything to obtain a sufficient supply. They might obtain them by purchase at Unvan yembe and Ujiji, but they procured them for nothing in Manyema A party of 80 guns would go to a village and make a display of tempting goods, including beautiful beads, which were called the breakers of women's hearts, and when the women were assembled to look at them, and while the men were examining the texture of the cloth, the ruffianly commander, whose armed men were in ambush, would begin an indiscriminate massacre. Livingstone had attempted to describe what occurred at Nyangwe on the Lualaba river, where the people in the market were surrounded, and fired upon, volley after volley. The people, in horror and dismay at the tremendous sound, which they believed was stolen from heaven, rushed into the brown waters of the Lualaba, to be eaten by crocodiles or fired at if; they appeared on the surface. We might imagine the unutterable loathing and disgust which was kindled in Livingstone's mind when he witnessed this scene. No wondnr such scenes' told on his gentle disposition ; no wonier his eyes flashed, as he had seen them, at the continuance of these atrocities. It was enormities such as these which tha reso lution called upon them to make as widely known as possible. Fifty years ago some of the people of these districts regarded with curiosity those who came from the sea, and, in their eagerness to barter, accepted firearms. Now, with these in their hands, they demanded tribute from the Arabs, who now found the guns they had brought turned upon them in districts where they could formerly walk with canes in their hands. It was only in Unyanyembe and on a river, the mouth of which was opposite to Zanzibar, that the slave-trade was carried on. A gunboat could easily reach- the head-quarters of the trade. A launch could ascend the rJve'r com fortably in three days, and a march of ten miles would then bring an expedition to the stronghold of the slave trade of East Africa, a fortified town of 1000 houses, the people of which had become faith ful pupils of their kidnapping masters.' Let this hateful trade be put down ; by constitutional means, if possible ; but if that could not be, then by unconstitutional means. He proceeded to draw a vivid picture of the barbarities of the slave market. Indian Opinion on Sir Bartle Frere's Mission. — The news of the bold measures of the Government to destroy the Zanzibar slave trade created great excitement in Bombay. 'No one,' says the Bombay Gazette, ' could have been found so well fitted to undertake this great work as Sir Bartle Frere.' It is suggested that one of his first steps will have relation to the Banian community in India, which is so deeply implicated in the traffic ; indeed so well is it known that it has its centre there, that a native paper — the Jam-i-Jamshed — has recommended the respectable portion of the Hindoo community to excommunicate those of their caste fellows who are engaged in it; It is even said that there are natives of Bombay who could undertake its entire suppression. Therefore we deem it likely that this city will have the pleasure of soon receiving a visit from the ablest and most popular of its ex-Governors, and we have no doubt that it will accord to him that hearty welcome which he so well deserves at our hands. . . . We have said that no one could be found so well fitted as Sir Bartle Frere for this work of putting an end to the East African slave trade, and of opening up communications with Dr. Livingstone. Eminently conciliatory and gentle in his disposition and manners, there is yet a hand of iron under his velvet glove, and if he is sent out to ' annihilate' the slave trade, that traffic will have a very poor chance of surviving his mission. Sir Bartle's intimate acquaintance with Western India gives him great advantages, and the fact that he has been Governor of Bombay will give him a commanding position on the East Coast of Africa. Even his knowledge of Indian languages and of Persian will be of service in dealing with many of those im plicated in the slave traffic, and much more his intimate acquaintance with Eastern character. He is no stranger to the affairs of Zanzibar, and is personally well known to the reigning family of that place. He is also a personal friend of Dr. Livingstone, who will probably be disposed to confide in him and to co-operate with him. It is, indeed, not unlikely that Sir Bartle Frere may find it necessary, in the prose cution of his mission, to penetrate into East Africa and to reach the lake country. He has spirit enough for such an adventure, and it may be remembered that when, as a youth of eighteen, he first came out to India, he adopted the then most unusual and hazardous course of going up the Nile to Kench, then crossing the desert to Kosseir on the Eed Sea, and shipping from thence to Bombay in an Arab buglah. In these times, and on the part of a youth who had never been in the East before, that was no ordinary feat of travel, and it would be curious if, after so long an interval and towards the close of his eventful public career, Sir Bartle should again distinguish himself by some feat of the same kind. East African Slave Trade and the Church Missionary Society. — The committee of the Church Missionary Society, having reason to believe that the expected Government measure for the abolition of the East African slave trade will enable them to carry into effect their plans for the extension of the East African Mission, have resolved to open a special fund. They hope that the formation of settlements of liberated slaves in the vicinity of their existing missions, will enable them to initiate the same work as that to which they were called, in 1866, at Sierra Leone; while the existence of such settlements will serve as bases for penetrating into the interior, ? now rendered so interesting by the recent discoveries of Dr. Living stone. The. Earl of Mulg-rave as a Parish Clergyman. — The ceremony of inducting the Earl of Mulgrave, eldest son of his Excel lency the Marquis of Normanby, as Perpetual Curate of St. Mark's' Church, Worsley, has been performed by the Bishop of Manchester. The Bishop, in introducing the new pastor, said the people of Worsley had been very fortunate : — ' For twenty-two years they had minister ing amongst them one who was a faithful minister — Canon Beechey. Their new pastor was not much more than one-thirdof Canon Beechey's age, but from what he had been able to see and hear of him he (the Bishop) learnt that the naturally buoyant and exuberant spirit of youth were, in Lord Mulgrave, sobered and calmed by the thoughts of the solemn office in which he had desired to remain. Though Providence seemed to point out for another destiny, and what the world called a much higher one, he had thought it to be the highest honour that could be held by mortal man, to be a herald of the message of Christ. He had come amongst them with an earnest desire to do his duty, following the call of God's providence — i call dictated by circumstances of nature and affinity.' The Archbishop op York and the Mission in Hull. — The Christian Standard, in recording the following letter to the inhabi tants of Hull, from the Archbishop of York, says it is truly matter of rejoicing to see the Archbishop writing in such a strain: — ' My dear friends— On Sunday, 21th November, we propose, with God's help, to commence a mission in the different parishes of the borough of Hull. The mission is a cour.se of services and meetings, in which a special effort is made to awaken souls; that tho.se who are in sin may forsake it, and turn to the Lord, and that those who have already sought Him may be stirred up to greater devotion and diligence. We invite you to come to this mission. It is free to every one. If you know any friend or neighbour, to whom you think it may do good, invite him to come with you. Give the mission the benefit of your prayers before the throne of grace. At all events, do not hinder any from coming. Let God's message reach those for whom it is intended. Do not put a stumbling-block in the way of any of those whom Christ loves, either by depriving them of the opportunity of going to church, or by speaking lightly of the mission, so as to discourage them. Many a weak effort of this kind has been blessed by God to the saving of souls. Come to the mission. Urge others to come in. .Pray for those who conduct it. Pray for the grace of the Holy Spirit upon it. ' Now it is high time to awake out of sleep . . . The night is far spent, the day is at hand. Let us therefore cast off the works of . darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.' — I am, your servant for Christ's sake, W. Ebor.' The John Knox Tercentenary.— The tercentenary of the death of the great Beformer was marked by special references in the ser vices of the Church of Scotland, the Free Church, and the other Presbyterian Churches of Scotland ; also in Ireland and in the English offshoots of the Scottish Churches. There was a meeting in Edinburgh, with the view of forming 'a committee of all denomina tions for the purpose of raising subscriptions for a suitable memorial to the Reformer.' A special lecture was delivered in the hall of the Literary Institute, Edinburgh, by Dr. Duff, the eminent missionary, to a large gathering of working men. Applying, with happy eloquence, the well-known inscription in St. Paul's Cathedral to its great architect, the venerable doctor said :— ' Still more sublime in the case of Scotland's great Reformer might be the realisation of the flpaiorn nf prwb'nff n cimnlo f.oKlnf- nf 4-V\r» linnrl r\£ fVia '1-iffln cnnm'fl stone in the neighbourhood of St. Giles where lie entombed his mortal remains till the resurrection morn, or over the doorway of the house in the High- street which was once his earthly dwelling, inscribed with the name of John Knox, and encircled with the words, SI monu mentum requiris, civcumspice — not within the bounds of any edifice of man's -construction, however gorgeous or magnificent, but within the bounds of a gloriously reformed or rather re- created kingdom. And to an educated, thoughtful, intelligent mind, what a monument ! To such a mind the emphatic utterance of such a tablet with its inscription, if animated and vocal, would be in some such words as these: — Look round about you through the length and breadth of the land with keen, scrutinising eye, and behold Scotland before the Information of Kuox — bestrode, in common with other European States, with the highest colossus of civil and religious despotism which has ever crushed the free spirit or blighted the fair interests of man. Scotland had in addition for ages groaned under a complica \- tion of evils peculiarly her own. To look at Scotland in those early days of anarchy and bloody strife seems like casting the eyes now ? over the sterile wilds of northern Tartary — Tartary when under the rigours of an Arctic winter, with universal nature wrapt up in the embrace of desolation and death. Behold again the same Scotland of the Reformation, with all ' the seeds of growth and improvement then so plentifully sown; Scotland as it has since become from the .varied, life-giving impulses then imparted ; Scotland as it now is — what it never could or would have been without the Reformation of Knox. What a transition ! It is like passing from the scowling tempests and bleak barrenness of an Arctic winter to the calm serenity and glowing luxuriance of a tropical summer — from the -fierce contentions and rugged asperities of savage barbarism to the . amenities, the peace, the comforts, and felicities of the noblest and brightest civilisation. Such is the national monument that John Knox has reared to himself— a monument in real magnificence infinitely surpassing the regal pyramids of Egypt and the begemmed and bejewelled marble mausoleums of the Great Moguls in India. And now, on the eve of to-morrow, which is the tercentenary of his death, let me conclude with warmly suggesting that, when again you pass the humble dwelling in the High-street in which Scotland's great Reformer and greatest benefactor, during the latter years of his stormy career, lived and meditated, or the stately edifice in which that voice of his was so often heard in thunder tones, which thrilled the hearts of his countrymen of all classes and of all ranks like ten thousand trumpets, mothers may take their little ones by the hand, or lift them in their arms, and, pointing to the humble dwelling or the stately edifice, teach them to pronounce or to lisp with lowly reverence the name of John Knox ; while fathers and mothers, young men and maidens, in fullest sympathy with the glorious truths which he so faithfully and fearlessly proclaimed, and the glorious work which under God he was privileged to achieve, may send up to heaven the devout aspiration — 'Let us live the life of the righteous, that our latter end may be like his.' ' 