HANDSOME. (FROM CHAMDERs'S JOURNAL.) , CONCLUSION. CHAPTER III. — CONTINUED. 1 The olil weary routine went on nest day, with double duty ; for the weather was so stormy, no boat dared approach tho rocks round the light house, and tho " strange gentleman " was worse, and occupied much of Adam's time, without any happy results, however, attending the latter s confused attempts at treatment. So passed another day. On tho third, while Jim was up-stairs cleaning, Adam came with a gravo face to his third companion. " Tho gentleman — Brydone, he says, his name is — is uncommon bad," said he. Mr. George sat immovable and gloomy. "I think he'll get over it," continued the other, sinking his voice. " But lie's sure he's dying. _ And there's a something on his mind tries him so awful ; it may kill hun if he don't get rid of it, no doubt. I told him what I thought, and asked, would he tell me. But he said, wasn't there any one above me, a super intendent, like, to hour it. I says no; but there was Sir. George, as had been a gentleman, and never a better hand at holding his tongue — which is true, sir." "Well?" "Well; and you'll come to him ?" " No," said Mr. George liastily ; "I can't : it's impossible. Let him tell you. " Ho won't. I'vo been persuading him all day to; but he's got a sick fancy about it. You wouldn't refuse a dying man, Mr. George? You'U die yourself some day. And if you don't like him to see you," added Adam deprccatingly, mindful of his hearer's peculiarities, " I'll take the candle away ; the light does hurt his eyes. Just satisfy him sir, ami I believe you may save his life." What was Mr. George muttering under his breath ! " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a lifc for a life." What, next moment, came into his mind ? following the other mechanically, indeed, learned long ago in childish tasks, but vivid with the strength of the truth : " But 1 say unto you, love your enemies." ITo rose from his chair, pulled the handkerchief higher over bis face, and made Jack lie down in his corner. " Yes, take away the candle," said he faintly. "I'll come." Audi think there was something .in this, quietly as it was done, of that " victory which ovcrcomcth tho world." Ho went in softly to the darkened room, and felt his way to a chair hy the bedside. A hot bony hand felt for his, anil clutched it fast. "You have como," said a harsh voice that made him shudder, in spite of his self-command, and draw his breath hard. "Thank you— God reward you. You nre a gentlemen, these fellows say?" " Yes," said Mr. George in a whisper. "You'll keep my secret, then. But it's a horror — a horror, I tell you," he continued, without waiting for a reply. " I could not die with it 011 my soul." Then, with frequent pauses, despairing blasphemies alter nated with wild inquiries : " Can God forgive me? Dare I have hope?" Brydono told tho story of his crime, to an auditor who sat breath less as himself, with heart throbbing like thunder in his cans, with sweat standing on his forehead, and the hand the sick man would not let go, ioy cold. "After I left Pcnorna," said Brydone presently, " I travelled from place to place, without resting. IIow could I rest, with that bchiud me '( But there was never a precipice but I seemed to sec him fall down it, nor a sea in which he was not struggling, nor a cry anywhere that did not say those same words he said as lie died. And yet, I loved her so ; I did, did love licr — I could not give her up. Nobody else had such a riglit to her as I ; nobody else had done murder for her sake. I went back, found her ' out, and was with her. I let her talk to me about him, and cry over his picture, though her tears burned me like hell-ltrc. And by degrees she got to trust ine, and like me. Now, at last, she loves mo, aiul in a month wc were to have been married — she, whom I sinned for, whom I've home this torture for. 0 Netta ! " — with a terrible cry — "1 can't die now, and go to my punishment ; I must have you, justa little, first. Am I to gain nothing, and bo lost for. ever ? 0 God ! I will not die ! " His voice failed, and there was a long pauso. Then Mr. George said very softly, and with a strange sad tenderness in lits voice : "Does she love yoit now ? " " She docs- she vowed it. And in a month" "Hush!" said the other with sudden authority, yot in a bitter tone. " Yon will not die-; your pulse is stronger— I've been feeling it— and your voice— and ; No, Air. Brydono, you'll live, and go back to her, and bo happy. An?! perhaps' — with tremulous passion that would force its way — " perhaps that licavcn of|liappincs3 may make you repent what hell couldn't ! I trust it may." Then ho rose, went abruptly away, and locked himself in his room. Ho staid there so long, and was so silent, and Jack whined so pitifully,' that tho others wore alarmed ; but his voice reassured them, saying impatiently : " Nothing, nothing. I am ill : let mo alone. . Within, lie was kneeling down, with a white, convulsed face, in the miditlo of the room, press- ins; the dog to his side wi tli one arm, with the other raised to heaven, lighting a harder battle, doing a nobler deed, according to his light, tlian half the actions which stars and medals, rank and wealth, reward. He had won the victory : crouching on the floor, with his arm round his dog's neck, with his whole frame released from its tension of agony, relaxed and helpless, with the flickering, failing candlelight full on thai pale disfigured mask which had once been a l'acc smiling on life, as life seemed to smile on it — he know it liimsclf. So look heaven's victors often, on thi3 side their reward. Brydone recovered, and with bis recovery came unspeakable alarm at his own madness in con fessing his crime to n complete stranger. Ho felt an instinct that it would be vain to attempt to bribe his silent liearor — that to throw himself on tho lattcr's honor was his only chance. So, with n sinking soul, before he departed in tho yacht's boat, which had como to fetch him, ho requested Adam to send " tho gentleman " to him. Mr. George came, and stood with downcast head and am filed face till Adam was out of hearing; then he shut tlic door, returned, and snfd with quiet and sad bitterness, aiul his eyes fixed full: on the other's : "Don't you know me, Br.ydoue?" Brydone staggered back against the wall with uplifted bands, and eyes so widely opened that tho white showed all round the dark irides ; his yellow cheek grew fearfully pale, and his clammy lips could sciiivelvjnutter : "You — you?'1 "I, Tempest!" raid tnc other calmly. "'Not dead, indeed ; but worse than dead. I have my story to tell, now. You had better sit down, while yon hear it." Brydone obeyed, mechanically, muttering to himself with dry lips. Then he su Idenly started up, caught Tempest by the arm, and, dragging him to the light, stared intently in his Inco. Tempest's eyelids quivered, and liis eyes dilated painfully at the scrutiny, and a flush, long a stranger there, crept over his forehead ; but he endured it calmly, and when Brydone fell back on his seat, began gravely, but in a matter-of- fact tone, rather as if he were telling another man's story than his own, the sad relation. " I did not see who pushed me over the cliff— I felt it done. I knew I did not fall of myself ; but I could not see tho person. I just thought of call ing to her that I had found her looket, and that was all. When I came to myself, I was lying on tho rocks below, writhing in agony, blind with the blood that ran in hot streams over my face every moment, and without power to inovo a finger, or cry out for help. I believed I was dying, and I tried to pray ; but Bomehow I oould only think of her little locket, and of the bright morning beside the sea at Penorna. I lay there, feeling wave after wave come coldly up, each a little farther than the last. X got numbed, body and mind, nt length, so that I suffored little, and didn't care what happened ; till some thing moved near, and somebody touched me, and cried out : "Oh, poor, poor creature ; the Lord have mercy on him 1 His face is all crushod to pieces." That woke my mind at List, and I managed to put up this right hand, which was the only part of me not injured, and feel my face. Brydone, I couldn't feel anything, for I had dragged it against the sharp rocks all the way- down, in trying to save myself. My nose was broken, aud my cheek cut almost in half, and this eye" " Hush, for God's sake ! — hush, I say i" cried Brydono fiercely : "you don't know what you're saying." " Well, I certainlv nccd not tell you that — you can imagine it/' said Tempest, still quietly :j"at any rate, when I saw how I wa3 disfigured, and yet felt I might live a day or two, I made the people who had found inc (a fisherman's widow and her two boys, who lived in a hut built under tho cliff, close by) promise to say nothing of my existence. I suppose it was my vanity,'.' said he, Laughing bitterly ; " I couldn't bear that she should see me so , I thought if she knew I were so hurt, perhaps dying, she would want to ovmc to me— and from the very first moment till novTT/Z" had her face always Intforo mo as it might- ,/ have looked, it she had scon— this and i,n 1 his hand on the black handkerchief. Brydone shuddered, and hastily and averted his gaze. "I shall not show if v,'1' sam Tempest coldlv ; " don't fear. Wol) t» people promised. They Iragged me to their W and there I lay, between life and dca'li ' weeks ; never without pain — never, never v itf out the consciousness of what hail linpp«n/i / mc— of how my life, and my love, and mv were all blighted. They were kind to i'J their rough v.ay— did their best— and kept secret faithfully. There was no other cott.ve iZ miles round, and nobody knew of my cxi4t.-n.-Q even. By the time I was enough myself to think matters over, six weeks had passed. I knew in- deatli would by that time be imagined and a/ nounced ; that, therefore, tho shock to Ne'tta would bo over. 1 thought she was so youn"— had known me such a little while— she would soon forget rne. Whereas, if I went to her and said: 'This hideous, disfigured, maimed wretch is Dolly Tempest, who was to have been your hu-. hand ' — she would either keep her vows to mo from honor and pity only, and he miserable or givo me up in horror, with that look with tho tear of which I had always been haunted. Both ways, for U3 both, concealment seemed best Then I had been so proud of iny good looks—do you remember, Bryclone, what an ass you thought me? — perhaps I was one," and his voice trembled a little ; "I was very happy. I couldn't endure tho idea of meeting my friends and all tho people I had known ; so changed — such a miser able spectacle ; of being noticed from pity, and all that. So, while I was getting up my strength I thought matters ovor, and I determined ! "But, began Brydono huskily, "did you never wonder who " His voice failed. " Yes, I did," answered Tempest; "but I had not tho faiutost suspicion of— you. At first, I thought it might have been some tramp, who saw the locket in my band, and wanted to rob mc ; after wards However, as I said, when I thought things over, I resolved to change my name, and get this sort of post. A lighthouse I bad seen, as I stood by the shore that happy morning with box1, made me think of it ; and I got morbidly fond of the idea, and cared as much for it as I have ever cared for anything since— I fell.'' I don't know why llrydone's eyes, which had been dry enough during all this sad narrative, should fill with sudden tears at that little pause; the simple words that followed, the halt-sad, half-smiling gleam in the speaker's blue eyes, it was only Tempest's way of putting things, to spare his enemy pain ; but it went to that enemy's hard heart. " I had a friend high up at Trinity House," continued lie, "and he promised to get me what I wanted ; told mc tho little in formation I had to get up to pass the examin ation, gave me credentials, and all that. While I was still hiding in the hut, not caring what i did, so I was hidden, I used to creep out. late at. night and early m the morning, under the cliffs, and throw stones into the sea, and think nf Dolly Tempest, who was dead, aud wish Mr. George, who came to life, might not have a long ono. In one of these walks, just at the spot where I had fallen, where there were still bits or my clothes among tho stones, I saw, wedged into a crovice, a stick with a silver head, i pulled it out, and read what was engraved upon it— you know. Aud then, Brydono, it flashed upon 1110 who had made mc what I was. For the first in stant, I felt a devil in mo." Brydone started, with a stinging recollection of his own temptation, and how it bad been met. "But I prayed where I stood; and instead of taking it hack, where my hosts might have found it, I hid it safe under the stones. I often caino back, and looked at Alio place, and lmd black thoughts of revenge ; hut sometimes the moon shone, or tho sun rose, or a bird sang in a bush ,-ir the top of tho cliff, and stopped mo. Well, I went up to London, taking only the fellow who got me appointed into ihy confidence, passe;'; tho examination and probation, and came here. Be fore I left the lmt, I gavo tho people money enough to go back to.Iroland, whence they bad originally come" "And my stick?" inter rupted Brydone breathlessly. " I have it here." " But — but I could not be — be It would not be death," cried tho unhappy man convul sively. " You nre alive and well— the same as ever — Tempest ; it could only be " ' ' Tho same ! " cried Tempest, starting passionately to his feet. " Do I look as I used to look, move as I moved, speak as I spoke ? Could I go back to my old world, and ask a woman to marry such a thing as I ? Are you a devil, that you can loot at your work, and say that !" "No, no," mut tered Brvdone, dropping Lis tone of wild defiance. " I didn't mean it— I did not know what I said." Then, in a hoarse whisper, and with heavy, horror-stricken eyes fixed on the other's face, lie asked : " Then you mean to betray 1110, ami get me punished, and go back and marry her after all?' "No; I shall not marry her." "And yet revenge yourself all the same on me ? Havo you 110 pity, Tempest? And yet," I10 groaned covering his face with his hands, "I deserve it !" There was silence for a moment, then a hand was laid gently on his shoulder. He looked up, aud raw Tempest standing beside him, holding the silver-headed stick, that fatal piece of evidence. " Brydone," said I10, in a voice that faltered a very little; "God has mercy; shall I liavonone? bee here!" Ho broke the stick in half, and flung the pioccs across the room, out of the open window. "There goes the only proof. Upon my honor, I swear not to betray you. You must nover let her know what you did, nor that I nm living, Now go — be good to her — make he happy — good-bye.' lie turnod away, went to tho window, and stood with his back to Brydone, looking out. Ho heard, dreamily, a heavy sob of deep relief, broken thanks," an unsteady tread receding, a. door closod : a little later, the keel of the yacht 3 boat grated, parting, against the rock, and Bry done was gone. Tempest watched the skiff go dancing and courtesymg over tho sparkling bil lows, into a broad track of sunshine, grow smaller and smaller, and then reach the yacht. Soon after, Bhc, too, sailed away landwards, and was lost to sight. Then he returned to his own room, and loaned vacantly round, with a furrowed brow, a hard eye, a "hard heart too, for an in stant. But Jack rushed out of a corner, sprang upon -him and licked his face, his hands, his clothes, in an agony of love. Then Tempest s frozen heart melted, and crying out : " 0 Jack, I've got nothing but you!" he sat down on bis bed, and wept like a child. Henceforth, nothing but monotony was before him, with a lonely death at the end. He resumed his dreary round of life. He lit and cleaned the lamps, took his watch, caressed Jack, and lis tened patiently to old Adam's yarns, and Jim Saunders' long-windod narratives of the incidents of his leave. He made calm aud mournful calcu lation that if he attained the ordinary age ot mankind, as the Bible gave it, he must still havo thirty years to live; and (though lie shrank somewhat from the prospect) endeavored to ac custom himsolf to life as other men do to deatn.; for he knew that liis general health was im proving, the weakness and stiffness consequent on his terrible fall leaving his limbs gradually, .and everything seemod against a speedy end to ui3 troubles. _ . In a newspaper brought to tho lighthouse a month after Brydone had left it, he read tho announcement of the lattcr's marriage with hctta- Jack little knew what made his' desolate master hold the great paw laid on liis knee so fast, anu caress it so fondly, that night. That was at tu end of November, Before another Novemnc \- . liivl l'.miic roil i! u Bryuono kul gone to liis account, nil. I Netta was a widow. " But it makes no difference to mc, said Mr George bitterly. Then his ht'e settled down again, and two more years passe .1 ovei his head. cn.u'riiR iv. In the third winter camo a great storm, which was long reirieiiiheie.i in thu.-e parts. A night midday it bail raged, anil showed no signs of j-l.ating when niglit came round again, and the Eiin went down, staining the sky \vith angry Midden red. behind the last far-off inky-billow id the indignant sea. Hour after hour, the light-house luv I shuddered from tower to base, ami glittered in the flashes of lightning with the long white stream.-- of foam that ran down it, as the hungry suns fell hulked and hissing back into the black-green gulf iielow. Fragments of wrecked ships, gone to pieces Heaven know how far off. "outdriven here by tho fury of the tide, floated in tho eddies among the rocks: young gulls washed out oi their_ nests; strange sca- eicaturcs and plants, torn from their deep rc- 1 1 cats in foreign seas; and a homely boat, patched and sea-worn— a Heather llell, oi a Pretty Susan, from one of the fishing-villages on the coast— told its own sad tale. Through all, the supreme light, crimson and white by turns, burned steadily ; and the three men stood together by it, watching the lioiling ocean, holding their breath at the saddest thing of all, a wrecked ship— a large yacht— founder ing within .sight, but out of reach of help. A du/en times tliey had tried to put out a boat to her assistance, hut had been hopelessly driven Lack by the violence of the storm, and now they stood helpless, with Jack among them, silent, bright-eyed, quivering with excitement, pressing ngamst his master's feet, and looking up for (sympathy. _ " Bog 'ml like to save 'em, I'll be bound, 1' said old Adam. Mr. George made no answer: he was wonder ing if on board that wreck there were anv man who loveil life, and had "good days befoie fiim he could not bear to miss, instead of twenty-seven' years of desolate bondage. " What's thai cried Jim Saunder s suddenly, "lloating vender on tho piece of timber — something white ? " The other looked at it a moment, and drew his breath hard. " Look after the light. Adam. !" said lie with a voice of siidden authority.-— " Vou, Saunders, come down with me. Don't stand staring there. It's a woman, -I tell you, ami I may save lrcr yet." " Hut no boat 'ud live, cvon if we could get her out," said Jim breathlessly. '" It's close bv," said Mr. Georgo,, with , a certain calm recklessness. " I. can swim." " Yes, and get yotir brains knocked out against them rocks.' Mr. George laughed, atuT ran down the stair case. A moment more, and with a rope round his v.. list, the other end of which was lashed to ah iion stanchion in the wall, he was. standing on the verge ol the crag. Jack beside him, trembling with delighted; eagerness but well aware, by the rtrango instinct implanted in his race, that some grave and difficult work lay before him. Jim stood by watching, ready to'guide the rope as far a-; was possible in such a sea' : while the older uian strained his. eyes anxiously from the tower. As to Mr. George himself, ho was calm meas ured his distance;' and calculated chances under that awful sky, and before that awful ocean, as ho might have done in- the sunniest summer day. lie lmil not. been afraid of death, had desired it ; yet when it came so near in. . possibly, so cruel a shape, human nature shrank somewhat lrom it,- f j- Ko entliu.ciusin upheld liirn : lie doubted his own pov.ei ot saving tho unhappy waif ; lie knew that his 'own fate might not be death, hut a worse icpctition of the torture lie was too weilncrnmintcd with— a long lite, pet haps made absolutely help- lc:s. A slight plaintive feeling came into his." mmd, of how dear lite might have been: a prayer lose to liis lips ; ho stooped, patted Jack, and snake. encouragingly to him. .and then, gathering all his stpengtli, .sprang clearolf the rock into the boiling waters, : From that moment lie remembered little, save a fierce incessant battle with the breakers, which lniigiit him back from the while tiling that gleamed every now and then before hmi, niwl stirrcjl faintly. It was not like real life, it was like an av.ful fever-dienm — the black night, the seething waters, the piercing, hissing blast ; the fragments of plank anil spar that bruised and tore his bare chest, as lie struggled on, Jack fighting beside him. . Bin there came a moment oi delirious joy, when'he grasped with one despe rate hand, with liis clenched teeth, a white gar ment, -and feu against, his chest the plank which supported' it. - xhokwoi&t;'ot the nightmare was past thcu. . He turned, and return was easier, for Jim cau tiously tightened the rope, and drew hint and the burden he guided slowly back. . Then a watery, moon broke out from a rift in the inky clouds, and a strange thing befell. As Ins cold wet check touched something white, and wet, and cold, which tho waves drove against liuu, a vision ot the bright, dead IV t came back, clear as reality. There was no more furious ocean, black cloud, howling blast, no moio lonely years befoie anil behind him. no crippled life, pntu oi tears, or trouble any longer in the world. lie was back again with his love, standing by the bright bine summer sea, the crystal ripples'at his feet, the sunshine over head, the soft western breeze around; with her little linudin liis, her first vow trembling 011 his ear. He answered, blissfully : " Netta ! Darling !" " Dolly !" Then a cold bitter wave leaped up over his lips, about to gasp a passionate response, and broke the spell. Storm and midnight came down again, and wrajipcil them like a shroud, and he knew, that though indeed, by a strange chance, he hail resetted lus old and only love, it was not for him self ; that Dolly Tempest was for ever dead, and Mr. George, who might save other lives, but could nevermore take pleasure in his own, alive, let he struggled on, and nt last, bruised, bleed ing, exhausted, but with his proctotts charge Etui safe, was dragged ashore. He did not hear Adam's congratulations, Jim's triumphant declaration : IlVre saved one too ; she came dnftin' up, on a boat, bottom uppards, to the very door;" nor even Jack's subdued whine of pain, for tho poor bruto had been dashed against the rocks, and hurt; but with a last in stinct, committed his burden to Adam, gasped : ' Take— take care of her !" crawled to his room, and faintcd on the threshold. When lie came to himself, his first thought was, that that moment of mutual recognition must be blotted out for ever from remembrance. He saw tli.it Netta might easily be made to believe it an illusion, tho result of her own delirious terror, ami therefore, having resumed his customary disguise caught Adam as he passed, and drawing him iuto the room, said in a voice whose stern falter gave his words weight : "If tho lady asks who saved her, say, and let Saunders sav, it was he, not I." " Jim ! Mr. George ?" cried Adam lu surprise. "Why, Jim might follow well enough, but he'd never lead, nor do nothing of the kind you've done to-night-." " He must say .nevertheless," said Mr. Geoyge firmly and sadly ; " I don't wish her to know of my existence, now." Yet he was sick for sympathy at the moment, .oi80 ttr rcscrvo as to touch his t i ,lce "gnifoanOyA and look mournfully nt Adam. The old man understood his meaning partially. "Kh, I wouldn't do that, sir," said uc kindly : " I'd let her know, and give her tho chance. Women's oncer cattle ; but a lass isn't n.icviys caught by Iter eye." But Mr. Georgo med away unconcerned, and revealed sha'i'v. as if opposition hurt or tempted him: "Tell Jim. ' Al.mi went aw, x/ anu did his bidding ; and . as Mr. Saumleii happened to bo careless of truth, in tho abstract, and roughly faithful to his friends, lie required neither persuasion nor explanation to obey Mr. George's request. Accordingly, when Nettx lirydone came to her self, and a faint, scarcely credible memory crossed her mind, her first eager question : "Are jou the man who saved mc':" was answered by Adam No, miss— ma'am ("hopeless confusiou as to the proper title!; that 5 him." Whereupon Jim advanced, and", witn an air of calm self- satisfaction, received the pluses and thanks whii.'li, after a moment's doubt and hesitation, she he.- to we- 1 upon htm freely. She was ill with cold, fatigue, and fright, and Jay scarcely conscious tor the first day. looking dreamily into the little lire, her maid (who was Jim s trophy from the sea) attending upon her. That lady, Mrs. Barker by name, was conveni ently and blindly ignorant of who had saved her self or her mistress, and how they had done it. She hail been washed oil the wreck as site was holding on to a boat, as the latter lmd been, and they had been " drounded" together, she said, and ' thank "cviiis !" had hecu " brought to life again in this awful place ; ' and that was all alio she knew. Airs. Brydone looked melancholy at this reply ; for tin; more distincly her consciousness returned, the keener grew her belief in the reality of that voice in her ear, that gleam— though only in tho wild lightning, or the dim, fleet ing moonlight— ol a well-known face. "Barker, is there another man in the light-house besides those two?" asked she wistfullyj "Yes, ma'am ; there is." "What is his name? Doyou know what lie's like?" "Air. George, ma'am. Ahumpback.or deformed, or something, from what they says; and keep." out of sight always, and has quite a craze to he for ever doing of liis work." said .Mrs. Barker, who, if the peculiarity mentioned were a symptom of insanity, was indubitably in the fullest possession of her senses. Net la's heart sank no description could be morn 'unlike handsome, indolent Dolly. And then, how mad, how foolish slic was to imagine lie could be alivo after all. just because, amid the din of the storm, a voice had sounded; a hand had fell, like his ! Perhaps no. voice had spoken, an i it was all a dream; pcrlmps. in her peril, she had come so very hear the gates of death, that his voice, who had passed through them years ago, had been able to reach lier: lor had she not remembered him, Iter first love, always, and only married Brydone for her- fainify's sake, and been a good wife to him be cause it was her duty ? Perhaps- — ,Aml so," dreaming, wondering, atid nimble fully to reason away her unreasonable hope, Mrs. Brydone fell asleep. ,Tlmt day wns a torture to Mr. George.. When once lie had done his work with fiery energy, and dt-iie Adam's and Jim's as well, and walked up and down his room till his limits fairly failed beneath him; when lie luid fondly tended poor Jack, who, to add to his master's troubles, 'was sorely hurl — his courage failed: and, unable longer to keep his bitter thoughts at hay, he sat down, and gave them battle at close quarters,. He asked himself, if, after all these years oi trial and self-den in I, lie was bo weak as to yield blindly to liis own passions, declare himself alive and loving still, and grieve lier tender heart, as dic must do cither way, whether she accepted or refused him if lie was such a .coward—so mean as to wish lier to link herself with a liideoii3 object- like him, from whom his kind must shudder ami turn away. Had lie let her suffer the shock of liis supposed death, let Brydone go and win her— saved her precious lifo only yester, lay, to force ou her such a fate at last ? ilis morbid fancy, darkened by liis lonely life, conjured up again and again tho certain look of horror and dismay on that face, which had smiled, foinl, loving, admiring, in liis, that .sunny September day at Penorna. " Whatever might come afterwards, I ceiild not forget 'that, first look. She coultl not love liic now !" ho groaned. "She could only pity and wonder, and he ashamed of me. Love mc t Impossible ! 0 God !" lie prayed, dropping on liis knees, " take her out of this place soon, and delivet me from temptation 1 ' He " might struggle, pray, resolve, but nature was too .strong. That even ing, when Adam and Jim were on watch up stairs, Air. George crept shoeless out of liis room, and went noiselessly — fearfully, to the door of the apartment given up to Nctta and her maid. The minute before he had sternly determined nevei to look upon her face again: the next, he had said : " llut this cannot .hurt .her. She shall ;not sec me. or know." So, like a fool, or a lover — not a jot wiser for all his sufferings, he stood at the door, listened", and finding it ajar, and all silent, save for the quiet brcathing.of one ot its inmates, ami the turning of' leaves ot the book she was reading 'bv the other, ventured to look in. The inaiu had her hack to him. and was reading: Netta sat in a chair by the fire, fast asleep, with her girlish figure relaxed, her rose-mouth parted, her little whito teeth gleaming in the firelight, the iong brown lashes lying serenely on her fair check— just as fair, though a little less round than it used to be. Awake, she wa.i somewhat altered ; but asleap, expressionless, except for the peculiar innocence 01 slumber, she seemed almost as much a child as ever. Mi. George gassed, and gazed silently with bitter j'carnings. feeling like a ghost haunt ing the partakci of it-, past joys, then, hearing a sound, turned away, ami fled to his own room. Next day passed in the same manner, the weather continuing toe stormy ; Mrs. Brydone too much exhausted foi lici to he sent ashore in cither ot the boats, even coula a crew have been pro cured. In the evening, the temptation which appeared so harmless, again proved too stroug lor Mr. George, and he repeated his timid and secret watch. 1'liU time, however, the door-handlo creaked uudcr his trembling hand, and Airs, Barker, glaucing up quickly, and seeing indis tinctly his muffled face, and then his figure taking hasty flight down the passage, returned, and excitedly recounted the fact to lier mistress, throwing out dark suggestions of a desire on the part o! the mysterious visitor to " murder them in their beds.'-' " What was he like. Barker ? " cried Netta vehemently. "Fair, with "blue ej'es?" " Well, 1 don't know, m," replied Barker crossly; ' I know as he looked very sinister." " Oh. nonsense ! " said her mistress, accustomed to this worthy person's far-fetch od alarms. " Just ask one of the others— from yourself, Barker— whether the third man has fair hair — very fair?" added Netta with a silly, lingering tenderness of cadence. Mrs. Barker, however, injured at her want of # sympathy, instead of transacting the errand with due discretion, captured the luckless Jim, brought liiiu iuto the very presence of her mistress, and then saying, " I thought you'd like best to ask the young nian the question yourself, ma'am," left the room grimly. Natural reticence and timidity prompted Netta to make some frivolous inquiry, and dismiss him : but something stronger conquered, and besides, the whole scene and position were eo strange, it seemed easy to throw aside conven tionalities. So she plunged straightway into the subject, and said, with her eye on the shuffling Jim : " There is another keeper whom I have not seen in tho lighthouse, isn't tncre ?" ' Yes, 'm," replied he reluctantly, and making a movement toreticat. "His name is Mr. George?" con tinued Netta in a sweet, coaxing voice. " Now, I had a friend once of that name, and I am quito anxious to know if this can be he. So I shall bo to much obliged if yon can tell mo. Has he fair Lair?" Jim was posed i C90fi)ud«d hasty? that if truth were against Air. George's wishes, lies must bo in lus favor, and answered, boldly ; "No, 'm ; black." " liis face is covered with a , handkerchief," said Mrs. Brydone, remembering Barker's account, and instinctively doubtful ot Jim's veracity. "O no, 'in, it ain't," said lie glibly, still on the same principle; "not it." "He has a very low voice : I hoard him speaking this morning i:i the passage." "'Low? Why, you can hear hint a'most all over the place I" exclaimed Jim, in apparent astonish ment. " Can't have been Air. George as you heard." "Then there's someone else here, be sides." aid Netta pa.itivcly. Jim shook his head solemnly "Then it wax him. " "Alight have been mc, 'in" suggested Jnn, doubtful if lie were not taking a liberty in assuming the iden tity of Air. George Airs. Brydone dismissed liiui in despair ; but, in spite of his answers, her instinct of suspicion grew unendurable, and at length yielding to it (like a sensible woman), instead of reasoning her self out of it (like a sensible man), she set her wits to work, and formed a little plan. When Air. George, after keeping a long watch, awoke late next morning, liis first thought was of Jack. He wcut to the dog's lied, and called him. No answer, lie put his baud fondly on the great browu paw that lay stiffly stretched out, guarding one of his own gloves, which he hail given the poor animal to keep him quiet. Alas ! that faithful paw was cold ; those soft, adorning, golden-brown eyes glazed and sunk ; those alert, curly ears fallen, never to rise again, even at tho sound of the voice tliey had worshipped. Jack was dead. Air. Georgo fell back against the wall, and stood leaning there, looking at his lost friend far a long time : from the quiet body to the gray, dull little square of sky beyond the window, over whose ragged cloud-drifts night was slowly clos ing ; and thence round the four blank walls of his desolate abode. " Jack is dead," he said aloud— trying to realise it — " dead ! Jack loved mc. I have nothing on earth now." Then he took the sad, stiff body on his ltnces — a position rarely allowed, greatly coveted by Jack when alive— and sitting down by the fading red embers in the tiny fireplace, hid his face on that brown, curly coat. Jack was gone away for ever— faith ful, loving, generous Jack ! Soon, even his poor cold clay must bo .flung away into tho bright green billows beloved to breast and conquer, liv ing. Jack was dead. Night, fell, heavily and sadly, with neither moon noi stars ; the men's voices came dimly from the watcli-room, where they laughed and talked; Mrs.. Barker, in her mistress's room,- snorcd audibly 'over an old-fashioned novel be longing to Ail am. Mr. Gcorgo's wearied head fell lower anil lower, and sleep canic mercifully, and numbed his aching heart. But one person was awake, and thinking of him. Nctta's slender figure came stealing, with soft, light step and trembling heart, along the "passage to his door. And now she had reached it. she paused, listened to her own hcarl-llnobs, felt the blood rush to her cheek , and asked her self what hold tiling she was doing— she, Ralph Brydono's widow! Yet now she was so near.it seemed a pity not to know, nt least the grounds of lier improbable faucy, if it had any— which was not likely, of course? She entered gently. Dark shadows were over the room ; hut a dim renuuiider of light flickered round the fireplace, on a man's figure, despair ingly bowed over; a "dog'.-, dead body Urclclie-.l stiffly across his knees ; and a sigh broke the silence, long and hopeless, the voice of a heart thai afteri long passion, had hlccl it self. dry. What was tblre familiar in that sad sound— that '.figure? Was it the flicker ing light of the dying lire, or the real bright ness of fair shining hair ? Tonre riislicil into Nctta's eves, and . she stole swiftly, silently round, dropped on her knees before the sleeper, looked up in his face, and saw— ail ! The hand kerchief laid fallen off : the careful disguise of so many 'years had, in a moment— the moment when it war, most needed— failed. Fcarrcd cheek and temple, broken nose, change and disfigurement were all plainly revealed. But it mattered little. Two lips, soft and warm, pressed on Mr. George's cold eneek, made him quite sure lie must he dreaming'; and, with a sad habit he had acquired, he tried to awake, that the bitter disappointment of waking might he over. But, strange ! only more and more kisses . followed, and his startled eyes, opened widely, wildly, met two tender, wet blissful ones looking down : liis hand, put up frantically to feel for Ins disguise, was fondly cap tured : his lips, beginning to utter a despairing remonstrance, were struck dumb by the touch of a soft brown 'curl ; the cloud of his bitlei doubts wns driven away by the sunshine of a smile ; and the -horror lie liud morbidly dreaded all these years never came to pass at all , for he awoke with his head on Net his heart. Do you think arms and eyes and lips let hira go till he was convinced by sweet, illogical, play ful reasonings : taught, by floods ot fond tears, to ho penitent for liis morbid fears ; or that that black handkerchief, like the black pall which had fallen on his life, was ever reassumed ? No , Miss Netta flung it " and everything,' as she said, into the fire, with great scorn, that very evening ; and when she had cried a little over poor Jack, nnd,- aftei her old fashion, argued with tho greatest warmth (though there wis not a soul to oppose her) that animals certainly had souls, and would consequently have a paradise, kc., she put her hands with tender coquetry on Tempest's shoul ders. and inquired : "Do you remember the questions I used to ask you— about whether you liked all Borts of things ?" " Perfectly, "my darling." " Well, I've got one left to ask. Now listen, sir." Tempest acquiesced, but looked at her with a certain nervous apprehension. He could hardly believe yet in the possibility of his happiness. But tho question came, and if that did not convince him, especially when uttered \\\itb such sparkling, tearful eyes, tremulous lips, and blushing cheeks— with such a look of fond and proud affection — I don't know what could ; " Would j'ou like— to many me 1 " Dear reader, can you put yourself in his place, and guess his answer ? 