SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY AT ! ST. PATRICK'S HALE. Sir Charles Gnvan Duffy, in answer to repeated .calls, also rose to reply, and was received, with. J loud . cheers. He said: Ladies and Gentlemen,—I have travelled a long- journey to-day under a veiy ungenial sky, and I asked to be excused from speak ing, but I confess when I heard the plea sant IHSE voices I could not resist. It is forbidden to. talk here on politics, but I venture to say that it is a pleasant memory to me' '-'that once- a year, at this end of Bourke-street, whatever mistakes they may. make at: the- great House at the other end-^tappladse)—here I am quite certain of ...meeting, friends - who are not changed by. any political circumstances, whose -kindness " is still the same whether we win or lose the game." (Hear, hear). When I last met yon here, -12 months ago, I was returning from a tour in which the chief districts in this country had. given such enthusiastic support to the'Adminis tration with which I was connected, as seemed to promise it a long life. I meet you now, ladies and gentlemen, not merely fallen from .power, but I am assured' by certain well-informed.journals that lam actually ' politically dead and Tbiined. (Laughter and cheers.) I can only say that if I be so, you have given my-,ghost such a very pleasant reception (laughter), that I have determined once a year, on-'the 17th March, near the dead hour of mid night, to "appear" in St. Patrick's-Hall like Banquo in the middle of the - festival. I recently read a very strange story'in one of the same well-informed " journals ■— information that, in point of fact, I was shortly going home to he Minister for Ire land. (Laughter.) I maysay, by. the "way, that that is a strange mission to give a dead man. I am very sorry to inform you that I have not at'present received any official intimation of the fact. (Renewed laughter.) Bat 1 may say this, that if it be» intended that the Irish Minister shall be responsible to an Irish Parliament I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. (Ap plause.) The latest news, is that, like a young lady who has become a bride, I have been changing my name; and as this news, unlike the rest, is not a fiction, I owe it to friends whom I see here to tell them something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me that the Secretary of State for the Colonies had .instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of the Order of St. Michael and George wonld be acceptable to me ?-■ Let me say with respect to Lord Canterbury, that in all our' political or social intercourse he treated me with a constant courtesy, frankness, and consi deration, for which I must always remain his debtor. But he liad refused to dissolve Parliament when I considered I had a | constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as -soon as the papers connected with that 'transaction could have been laid before the 'Secretary of State, I concluded that it was .possible, and even probable, that Lord Kimberley meant to intimate that he did not think I had received the support I was entitled to from the representative of the. Crown on that occasion. . (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless, though that convic tion was very gratifying to me, I respect fully declined the proffered honour. (A Voice—" Quite right.") Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me the favour to address another letter to me, asking whether I would accept a knighthood ? Upon that question there was the strongest feeling amoDg two sections of my friends.. My own countrymen were of opinion that, having been fonr times a Cabinet M inistcr, and having been among the first men of my race and creed who had won that dis tinction in any British community since the Revolution, I was bound to accept this permanent testimony that I'had performed the duties I undertook with integrity and' discretion. And some English and Scotch friends to whom I owed constant and steadfast support in public life urged that if I declined it the very per sons who were bursting with spite and disappointment ' that the' honour had been proffered to me would mis represent my refusal, and use it to provoke, and if possible to alienate, my English aud Scottish friends. I accepted, and I have since received letters of congratulation from every section of this community; and I am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction at the congratulations of representative men among the Protestant democracy, who gave me such generous suDport when I was last in office, or the congratulations of Irish men who would have renounced and repu diated me if I had accepted any distinction on the terms of forgetting my allegiance to my native country. (Hear, hear.) I may remind you that when the present Mr Justice Fellows levelled a vote of want of confidence against the Government, I told him that I would not desert the fortunes of my native country for anything that' Par-' liament or the sovereign conld bestow. (Applause.) And now there has been enough of personal themes. I will only add that though I was recruiting my health far away from the capital, and little disposed to quit the seaside till I left it in restored vigor, I could not resist the wishes 'of the committee of the St.' Patrick's So ciety that I should come here to-night. They insisted that the exertion would do me no injury; and they were right, for the breath of the ocean itself is not so re freshing to me as the dear familiar music of an Irish welcome. (Load applause ) 