SOUTH AUSTRALIA. CONSECEATION OF THE BISHOP. On Sunday last; many South Australians had an opportunity of witnessing one of the most impressive ceremonials of the Catholic Church, ari event which may bo seen perhaps but once in a lifetime, and which certainly will not easily be forgotten by those who were spectators on the occasion. The advancement or a priest to me dignity or tne Episcopate must always be regarded as a circumstance of importance ; and this being the first time in the history of the diocese of Adelaide that the chief pastor of the Catholic Church there has been consecrated amongst his flock, gave additional interest to the event. This was intensified by the presence of the venerable Catholic Metropolitan of Australia and three prelates from the sister colonies, who formed such an assemblage of the pillars of the Church as has never before been seen in the sister colony. The solemn act of consecrat-ien took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, before a crowded congregation, including many mem bers of other denominations. There were no decorations in the building beyond the gallery and pulpit being draped with crimson, but the panels of the chancel had lately been repainted in a chaste and appropriate style, and the altar was unusually adorned with flowers. The spaoe occupied by the sanctu ary was somewhat extended, in order to afford more room. At ten o'clock a procession entered .birsfc came a youth bearing a large eilf Gross, followed by about thirty acolytes m scarlet and white, preceding the Yen Archdeacon Eussell, master of the cere' monies; the Eey p. Keogh, assistant; the Kevs. Dr. O'Connor (Sydney), M Hager, S J. ; T. Bongaerts, C. Von der' ?6y/tn' J A?J,an' P- Moore' P« Hughes, J. -/taher, M. O Connor, and J. O'Sullivan Messrs. Williams, Carroll, and Petzell' Next appeared the assistant conseerators' the Eight Eev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, with his chaplain, the Rev P Kennedy ; and the Eight Eev. Dr. Quinn* Bishop of Bathurst, and his chaplain, the Eer. P. Corcoran. The prelates were attired in mitres and magnificent copes of cloth of gold, the- upper portion embroidered with-, flowers in natural colours. The Eight. Eev Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland,. wai attended by the Eev. Father Bourke as chaplain, and had on the ordinary purple of a bishop. The Archbishop (the Conse crator), who was preceded by an acolyte bearing his silver pastoral staff, followed,, attired in vestments of black satin, and supported by his chaplains, Fathers Colletti of Sydney, and Strele, 8J. At the last came the Bishop-elect, the Very Eev. C. A. Beynolds, wearing his biretta, and robed in a cope of white moire antique, worked with flowers and fringed with gold. His chap lains were the Very Rev. F. Byrne and the Very Eev. J. Tappeiner, S.J. Active preparations hai been made for the approaching consecration in tke cathe dral. The roof of the chancel was coloured blue relieved by gold stars, and the choir was considerably enlarged in order to make room for the large number of prelates and clergy expected to be present. The services commenced at 10 a.m. In order to prevent overcrowding, the admission was by ticket. The music of the Mass was Mozart's No. 12. The ordinary ohoir was supplemented by several well-known artists, whose services were specially engaged for thi3 occasion, and accompanied by Chapman's band. Entering the sanctuary, the. organ play ing the meanwhile, the Metropolitan was conducted to his throne and robed for Mass, the vestments including a tunic of rich lace and a cream-coloured satin chasuble, the cross in which was jewelled, and a Gothic mitre. He then seated himself before the altar, and the Bishop-elect was conducted before him by the assistant bishops, and as all the different officials took up their positions, the scene, tempered by the sub dued light which came through the stained glaa3 windows, was very imposing. The assistants having demanded in Latin (which was the language throughout the proceedings) consecration for the elect, the consecrator's no tary (the Very Eev. F. Byrne) read the apos tolic mandate authorizing it. The Bishop° elect, kneeling before the consecrator, took the oath of spiritual feality and obedience, after which, in reply to an examination from the consecrator, he promised to bend his under standing to the meaning of Divine Scrip ture and conform to it, to teach the people, both by word and example, to keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, to restrain . his conduct from evil, to observe charity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly business, to observe and teach humility, and to be compassionate to all in need. Next followed an examination as to the discipline of the Church on the matters of faith. The elect then kissed the hand of the con secrator on his knees ; and the consecrator, laying aside his mitre, turned to the altar and began the ' ' Confiteor.' Whilst the Mass was being proceeded with, the assist ants led Father Eeynolds to his own chapel, . where, taking of his cope, he wa3 vested with full canonicals. His soutane was of pure silk, with lace tunic, and white and gold chasuble of elegant workmanship. After reading the Mass down to the same point as the consecrator, he returned to the middle altar, where the consecrator prayed for the blessing of God upon him. The clignitarie« prostrated themselves while the Litany of the Saints was sung, and at ' We beseech thee to hear us' the consecrator rose, and making the sign of the cross three times over the elect,' besought God to bless, sauce tify, and consecrate him. The lituny endedj the Bishop-elect knelt down— the book ot the Gospels being held open on his neck and shoulders. The Conaecrator and assist ants touching his head, said, ' Eeccive the Holy Ghost, after, which the consecratou ^tr.iy.QA ,,^ 44,0«7ro and nxnvod thai- fh*» Errace3 which charmed the eye, and were prefigured in his variety of ornaments and costly apparel, might appear in the conduot of the elect. The ' Veni Creator' having been intoned, the consecrator anointed the hea* of the elect, and prayed that ho mig|}j-w endowed with every grace and power, Thett the Consecrator began tke antiphon, ' U*# ointment on the head that ran down upon tbe beard of Aaron, which ran down to skirt of his garment, the Lord hath comrnaHded blessing for ever,' and the 132nd Psalm was said. The hands of the# elect were next anointed, the consecrator saying, 'May these hands be anointed with oouaeorated oil ?and the chrism of sanctifieation. As Samuel anointed David King and Prophet, so be thou anointed and consecrated in the name of God the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, making the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour 5^Jesus Christ, Who hath redeemed us from death and brought us to the Kingdom of Heaven. Hear us lovingly, O Almighty Father, Eternal God, and grant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Through the name, &c.; Amen.' The pastoral crosier was then blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now called the con secrated, with these words: — 'Eeceive the staff of the pastoral office, that you may be piously severe in correcting vices, holding judgment without anger, soothing the minds of the hearers by promoting virtues, not losing sight of strictness in the calmness of severity.' The consecrator then blessed the ring as follows : — ' Let us pray. O . Creator and Preserver of mankind, giver of spiritual grace, granter of eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoever shall be signed with this sign of our most holy faith, may by the strength of this heavenly defence be enabled to raise for himself eternal life. Through,|&c.; Amen.' The ring was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on the finger of the consecrated, the consecrator saying 'Receive this ring, the sign of fidelity, that, adorned with unblemished faith, you may, without stain, guard the Spouse of God, which is His holy Church. Amen.' The Book of the Gospels, which had all this time been held on the shoulders of the conse crated, was removed and delivered to him, and the kiss of peace given to him by the conse crator and assistants. The consecrator and consecrated proceeded in the Mass as far as the offertory, when the latter offered to the former two lighted torch es, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine, to be used in the sacrifice. The 'Agnus Dei' having been sung, both advanced to the same altar and proceeded together in the Mass, there being one host and one chalice for both. The consecrator gave the place to the consecrated and the assistants and administered the Communion, after which the mitre and gloves were separately blessed, and assumed by the con secrated, who, having been enthroned, passed through the church with the assist ants, giving his blessing to all — the 'Te Deum' being sung during his progress. On their return to the altar further prayers and the Gospel of St. John were repeated, and the Metropolitan send three prelates retired, the former reappearing during the delivery of the sermon in the vestments which he had worn at first, and the bishops in purple. The sermon was preached by the Bishop of Maitiand : — ' Take heed to yourselves and to all the fiock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood.' — Acts of the Apostles, chapter xx. T.28. [We have been obliged to hold over the sermon this week. In our next issue it will appear.] 