THE READER. HALLUCINATORY MANIFESTATIONS. I By Da. IUcuardson, F. It. S. fpaou TUB POPCLAR SCIUSCK BKVlEW.l A whole series of mysterious manifestations, I and these of the simplest kind, are connected I purely with the physical conditions which modify | the natural mode of conveyance of .-in object or I act to the sonses : the mirage, tho double sun, I tho monster in tlio fag, tlio reflected sound I (echo), even the reflected imago in tho clear I stream ; these— tho mysterious manifestations ot J tlio earliest Iiistmy of man, when tho fixed prin- i ciplc of his thought had no rival— are now ac- knowledged, all but universally, to admit, ol a physical exposition that strips thorn of their mys tery. Huch obscure manifestations as remain, and are not traceable to external influences, are discov.jrr.blo in the processes for observation pos sessed by the observer, ia liis senses, and the purtB to which they minister. Tho simplest illustration of derangements of faaction are met with when there is perversion of octaou in the collecting organ, ns in the eye, I in insta accs of color blindness or of muscm voli- I tantes- -floating specks appearing in tho field of I vision. Moro complex, ia a condition in which I the rcc option of an impressiou on tho receiving I nervoito surface of ail organ of sense is too long I retained, so that the impression remains wheu I the fin cause of it is gone. I Sir B anc Newton, looking too intently at the I sun, had left upon his vision a vivid picture ot' I the s-oi', a phantom to some men, to him a pho- I noineapn, painfully persistent, but understood by him aa u pure pnysu-ru tact, i anew oiicca gem- lemin who had a peculiar impression of au odor left on his olfactory surface, anil for months it rem lined a sonrco of constant discomfort, an xiety, and even timidity, in vision an aberra tion of function in tho receiving surface may occur from mere strain to see in obscurity. Thus in lodking at an object in partial darkness, as at niglit- when the stars aro beclouded, an object, steadily and strainingly gazod at, seems to como and go- or, as is commonly said, to vanish and re appear. In ia innection with this subject I may ob3ervo that tlio tendency of recent physiological research is to the effect that in certain conditions of tho body there are produced, within tho body itself, soino o. -ganic products which in tho most potent manner all'cct tlio organs of tlio souses, and in- terforo with their function. In a recent investi gation oil the action of organic compounds of tho sulphur scries, I found that the most markod changes in the reception of impressions could bo I induced by certain of thoso bodios, togother with I symptom) of hystoria and of muscular debility I singularly analogous to those states of tho body I in which dobilitv of the motor organs is attended I with what is called excessive norvous susceptibility I and oxcitability. In certain diseased states thoso I snmo organic pi oducts exhale from tho hotly, or I pas3 0ff by the secretions, as products derived I troin organic chemical changes progressing with- I in the organism. I Tho illusions depending upon changes of I functions in the receiving nervous surface of an I organ of sense, or in 'tlio conducting cord, are I comparatively simplo. It is when we como to I consider the reception and the fixing of im- I prcssions in tho brain that the profoundest difii- ( cutties ariso. Horc wo pass, with case, out of tue domain oi current puysicai science into wunt is hut usoless speculation, uuIcrs wo arc evor on our guard in thought. I shall touch, conse quently, on but few subjects ; on Biicli as are nearest to the physical basis of research. The brain receives and retains external im- prcsions brought to it through the senses. In the I exercise of this function it may bocomo unduly impressionable, and may bo the scat of illusion. I Under theso circumstances, oue particular im- I prossiuu may so ovormlc ovory other impression that it sluill persistently, present itself. Some times a sudden impression is made upon the I brain so potently that it. is stampod, as it were, I in persistent relief, coming forward at any tiino I — but specially when the mind is unoccupied or is weakened —with all tho foroo of a wow reality. The distinguished French physician, Andral, I one of the most accurate of observum and least I superstitious tf men, affords an illustration of I this illusion. When he was a pupil commcnc- I ing his medical studies, ho was terribly imnrcs- I sea at seeing, for tho first time, a dead body on the locturo-tablo. Many years afterwards, dur- I ing an attack of illness, ho na w in his room a doad 1 body stretched out before him. and it was not I until somo minutes had elapsed that ho_ recalled I the connection between this outward vision and I tho onrly impression that had boon made upon his brain. A number of mystorious manifestations are traceable to tho simple fact of roourronca of im- I prcssions altogether indopendontly of tlio will. There aro others which aro purojy volitional, ana theso constitute a distinct class of hallucinatory phenomena. Thoy aro illusions produced by what I should call tho faculty of prnjoction of ob jects that have hoon roooived from without, by tho brain and fixed in it. Wo cxcrciso this faculty, naturally, when at will we ro-pioturo to ouraelvos, or prnjoct what wo have seen, heard, felt, or otherwise rccoived by tbo senses. We recall a landscape we have surveyed, a tunc we have heard, and the like j and if the impression be correctly flxod in us, and wo will ft to re turn, it comes hack correctly. In the act we pro ject from us that which we recall, and look at it, or listen to it, as if it were again external to us. This faculty, exalted to unnatural degree, is a fruitful source of illusion. \\\ igan supplies a striking illustration of the kind in tho case of (pi eminent portrait paintor who followed air Reynolds. The painter in question once pro duced three hundred portraits from his own hand in one year. When asked op what this peculiar po ver of rapid work depended, ho answered that when a sitter came to him, he looked at him at- toutivoly for half an hour, sketchiua from time to lime np tho canvas ; tjiqn he pnt gway the canvas and took another sitter, When he wished to resume tbp first portrait, ho said, " I took tho man and put him in the chair, where 1 saw him as distinctly as if he had been before uic in his fiwit proppr 'ne«c;ai|. \Yho« I laokod at tho choir I saw the inqn. ' After a while tho painter began to fail to discover the difference befweon tho real and the imaginary sitters, so that hu becnino (jofuftlly iusi»po find remained in an asylum for thirty years. Then his mind was restored to him, and ho resumed the use of the pencil ; hut the old evjl threatened to re- tufn, and he once more forsook Ins art, soon afterwards to die. Talma, tlio actor, hid ® faculty a? mental projection equally singular with that possessed by the artist whose history Wigan has related. Lilian could project before himtolf tbo fcqrm of a human skeleton with such perfection of detail that to him the forni was a reality, and when ho stood iKjforo tho footlights he had in his presence, in the theatre, an audience of skeletons, Goethe, who eoneeived that if Shaksnoaro was tho neatest of men who had lived he himself was the pecond, once projected his own figure and viewed itas if it had been another person, I might prolong tho record of thbso liulluel- nations, bntoto provo that they oxist is all ^effi cient for the purpose I have in view. They are, the reader will see, notlii eg moro than the re sults of an exaggeration ot a natural faculty, which faculty well posscswed is a marvellous ac complishment, hut over possessed is a disaster to the possessor. The last types of hallucination, depending upon disordorod function of tlia receptiyo brain, to which 1 shall refer, occur fiforn pnysicinl changes iu the bruin itself, and vf liicli interfere with natural physical action. Thoso changes of functiou are duo do wliat may be called distu rbanco of tlio vascular tension of the brain. In order to rojrtivc external impres sions in a perfect uatuial ,ute, it is necessary that tho nervous organisqticn, like a musical st-rlugcd instrunicn shoui be accui-atcly at tuned, its various lniuuto j mrts, its filuxs, tense yet not unduly strained, tfliis tension is main tained by tlio pres-mro of "the blood, the silent, purely mechanical, streai ning current, that is ever, in life, in circuit, filling up vacuities, supplying new portions Vif matter, supplying fluids to lie distilled ever "by receiving organs and regulating pressures. £o tho brain this blood may come in equal strcoms, or it may ebb, or it may enter like a tide ; so that the tension may vary from low to high, with varying phasess of mental change followiLg upon varieties of ten sion. Whon, under any circumstances, tho blood current ebbs, so that tlio brain is indifferently supplied with blood, e::t«nml impressions rush in through the senses in such disturbed profusion, that a new existcnco may seem to have opened itself to the mind, with flashing, flickering manifestations of the past, over which the will loses its steady command. The light of day is insupportable in its brilliancy ; sounds the faintest are exaggerated into torrents, or peals, or blasts ; faint odors are ovcrjxiweriug, and other physical impressions, uot appreciated by the keulthy bystander, are recognised by the prostrated organism. A woman who was saved from drowning, and who, from what seemed the unconsciousness of death was restored to life, once related to me nor experiences oi tin: phenomena 1 havo named with wonderful aud simple fidelity. As she sank the noises of the water— though it was still water,— and of the voices of persons who were calling for her rescue, were appalling from their intensity — " they were like thunder." Tho touch of thu water seemed as if it were creating tho dissolu tion of her body ; nnd, at hist, as if beiug distributed into some iiniiiensuraldc, expanse, she was lost, knowing no more until sho found herself, hours aftewardu, in a warm bed, with friendly hands supporting her, and friendly voices pressing her to try nnd swallow nourishment. The extacies of the starviug or festivo person, often so poetically described, aro of tliis order of phenomena, but in minor degrao. There is an opposlto condition of brain to tbo above, in which tho tension is unduly increased by pressure of blood. Under this condition tho tendoncy Ls not to recoive tlio impressions of the outer world into tho norvous organisation in overwhelming confusion, but to project certain of tho impressions it bus received into tho ox- tcrnal world. A perfoct illustration of this port vorsion ia supplied in tho narrativo of Nleolai, n bookfloller of lierlin, who himself describes what ho experienced. Nleolai hod been accustomed to bo bled twico in tho year, as waa tho fashion in his day; hut at tho closo of tlio yonr 1790 tho process was omitted. In tho beginning of tho year 1791 ho was affoctod in his mind by sovcral incidents of a dinngrconblo character, and on the 2-lth of February of that year ho observed, at the distance of ten paces from him, tho figure of a person he had known iu life but who was de ceased : the figure remained before him for seven or eight minutes ; then, as ho become ex hausted, no fell into a truuhliid slumber. and slopt the ghost away, , Later in tlio day the samo figure and other figures returned to tho astonished Nleolai, and until April continued to return, so that he be came accustomed to them ; and, learning to dis tinguish phantoms from phenomena, observed the phantoms, correctly knowing them to be pro jections from his own brain. The forms, ho said, were, for tho most part, human figures of both sexes ; some of persons doad or distant, whom ho know, others of persons ho did not know : they came without his will, and went without his order, Occasionally the figures were mounted o i horaelmck or were accompanied by auimaLs of naturul size and color, but all per haps woro a little paler than natural. To Nicolai, tho figures, when Uo got familiarised with tho phenomena of their appearances, spoke ; their speochcs being short and not disagreeable, In tho wliolo history of spiritual manifesta tions, so called, there is nothing that oquals in marvel this cxporionce of Niomai. How his spiritual history would have ended had it pro gressed to hiu death, and what beliefs would havo Been foundod upon it had it roooiyod no correc tion, it were indcod luird to say. Fortunately, as I think, in tho month of April 1791, a cold blooded Sangrado of a surgeon fonnod a con clusion that the loss of a littlo blood by means of locchcs might cleat tho vision of tho haunted hookseller. On tho 20th of that month tlio surgeon carried out his design at oleven o'clock of tho forenoon. Dnriutr the onoratinn. HJ1VM Nicolai, tho room swarmed with human forms, and continued full till fmir o'clock, " when tho digestion commonccH then tlio figures began to ut'ovc moro slowly : afterwards thev bocamo paler : at half-past six they were all entirely white, and inovcu very little, though thoy were distinct in form. The figures did not glido away, neither did they vanish, but in this instance they dissolved immediately into sir, some of them re maining, in pieces, for an interval. By degree they were all lost, and at eight o'clock there did not remain a vestige of them ; neither d;d thev return. Nicolai was cured by his Sangrado. One important feature, solemn I am hound to say, remains to bo said aWu all these peculiar lint itPtnafmiiu ti «» ila< n.. 4 viwt luc urguoic comu- tioiv; I&huU;'o to their ocvelopuwnt muv become contagious. At first tho hallucinatory" disorder has its ori'Mii in individual persons, but it may become oudeiu'.c, anil iu tlio end epidemic. Tho process of contagion is easy. Through the rj." tho eyo, or other souse, tho brain receives mar! vcuouh ns readily an natural or ordinary im- pressions. Tlit-so, hy repetition, soon pro perties of tbo brain, which, projected J,v the volition, at first vaguely or diry, aro at nrt under continued practice, bright ;nt0 matcria| sounds and awlits with su-di fidelity nnd readiness ns to become likeo.xtcnci realities to the possessed, ihc art of t-bua tVaming and projecting tclf- created exi.stouoos, and of peopling other organ isms with the same, is, I regret to observe, a too fqcile art ; it Ls most fascinating, in comw/4 hnghidi, bewitching ; it has organised the i'ju. sory J it has led thousands of wretelms to torture thousands to death, thousands to that men Jl destruction which follows ever the break tween healthy organic tutlction and ment .1 icu, In this, light so-called manifestations, miMont or modern, thcrdj, »i.ev luav often luve mixed up with them yosn and scandalous impostures, are, primitiwy iihcno- meua developed through the ini'jVidv -d im<i afterwards are extended, like right one torch to anothor, until thoy reach to masses of mankind, and become systematized LJiefs. In conclusion, the artuuent is : fJ.a„\\.Tbat the phtnomena of mvbfibrimis wani- feetjUioTiJi arc ifok tbotti of oumjuiited external realities ! but are the projecticois from tho observer, belonging to hiia as -surely aa the picture 03 the Kftyen belongs to ttoe lantern. "b) That all such ruanilcstetions of a purely indnidual kiudy urc liko and accidents, parts of the part that has to he per- ij| formed by the individual in his short journey 1|| through the universe ; that thev aro not ap- £|| pcaranccs to lie feared, but to be accepted as sS occasional svmptoms indicating nn organic dis- £B turbauce which it were wise to ondeavor to re- movo. ' (e) That although individual manifestations are too closely connected with physical individual j»f| errors to bo universally reinovcil, the increase ot Wft them by contagiou may be, and by all sensible gal persons ought to bo, kept under tbo r.torn con- trol of the volition : the volition itself, which ji| can only bo applied to one act at one time, being cm ployed, at all time?, to more profitable and nubler developments, of liuiuan invention and H practice. PE 