THE STORY-TELLER THE BLACK FRIGATE. (From the Family Herald.) VERY many years ago—I need not specify how many, but it was before the Mediterranean had become the thronged highway that it is now—I, having put my house in order and arranged my affairs, decided to return to England, from which I had been absent more than twenty years. At the time of which I write, the East was to most Englishmen an unexplored region ; and when I went out, a young merchant, to try my fortune in the Levant, I was as much separated from home and kindred as I should have been on the other side of the globe. Haying ventured my all, I was obliged to cling to my adopted country; and though for a long time fortune so frowned on me that bare existence was a matter of difficulty, still little by little I got on, and towards the end of my twentieth year of absence from England I found myself with an unmarried daughter (I had been some years a widower) and a fortune amounting to upwards of twenty thousand pounds. I think few girls could have boasted a rarer beauty than my Mary-now close on her seventeenth year-but of course, from the nature of the country in which she had been born and bred, she was de ficient in many accomplishments she would have acquired at home, and it was for her sake that I gave up my plodding life of gain to go back to my home circle -dreadfully thinned, alas! since I had left it, a hopeful man of twenty-five. Our preparations for departure, when once I had made up my mind, did not take long; for, though we had many friends of whom to take leave, still Mary was so childishly delighted with the pros pect of going to England that everything was hurried on and we were soon ready to Bail. The main difficulty that waB in our way was the choice of a vessel. Owing to the uncertain means that then existed for sending remittances, I was compelled to take home with me a large sum in specie-nearly two thousand pounds-and for some time past the Me diterranean had been infested by pirates, one vessel in particular having attained a most unenviable notoriety from the blood thirsty cruelty with which the crew treated the unfortunate passengers of any vessel which they captured. After some consideration I decided upon embarking for Malta in a native coaster, as being a vessel which would hardly excite the cupidity of a pirate, should we be unfortunate enough to en counter one. The event proved that I was right, for we arrived at Malta quite safely, though after a long and tedious voyage. When we got to Malta a large convoy of vessels was about to sail for England under the protection of two British men of-war, and so rare was such an opportu nity then, and so eager were people to get their goods and themselves home in safety, that every ship going had even more passengers than they could pro perly accommodate, and my eager search for two cabins for Mary and myself was fruitless. I was at last about to give up the at tempt in despair, and take my chance of a passage in any single vessel which might be going in the course of a week or so. I thought less of the danger of meeting with a pirate than of Mary's discomfort on the voyage ; for, after all, I believed the tales of the atrocities which people said these rovers perpetrated were much overdrawn, and, besideB, the worst of them known as the "Black Frigate" from the colour of her hull-had not been seen in Southern waters for some time past, and it was thought that, finding the pursuit after her too keen, she had left them altogether. I mentioned what I intended doing, one evening, to Paola Speranza, a Maltese trader, of whom I had some slight know ledge, and with whom we had taken up our abode ; but he shook his head gravely and replied " No, Bare ; one sheep no good-too much pirate, too much bad man. Sup pose meet ' Black Frigate,' eh 1 Young miss go too ? No ; much better sail with sheep of war, even suppose you lib on deck, sare." I combated his view for a time, but, finding him seriously opposed to my in curring any risk while with my daughter, and in possession of such a large sum of money (he knew what I had with me), I consented to his trying to get me a pas sage, as his better knowledge of the ship ping agents might enable bim to be more successful than I had been. Two days went by, and in two more the convoy would sail at latest, when on the morning of the third a large British vessel, the Maggie Lauder, laden with wool, ran in from Alexandra. Speranza knew the captain, and endeavoured to ob tain a passage for me, for some time in vain, as every bulkhead was crammed with the cargo-one so valuable that the master intended to go with the convoy without staying at Malta as he had origi nally proposed. After some demur, how ever, Speranza succeeded in getting adeck cabin divided into two parts for my daugh ter and myself; and, thanking my Mal tese friend heartily for his kindness, I at once arranged to go on board. The Maggie Lauder was a very hand some vessel, with a gaudily emblazoned figurehead and stern. From the run of her lines, and the jaunty way in which she sat the water, I judged that she was a fast sailor; nor was I wrong in my con jecture. The captain-a Levantine-was most obligipg in getting in our luggage, and told oft an officer especially to watch in my chests of specie. I had disguised them as much as possible, but from habit as I supposed-he seemed to recognise their value at once. The Captain's apologies for the rough way in which he would be compelled to lodge us were profuse, but were really not needed, as, though small, the cabins were comfortably fitted up ; and, as for their being on deck, I considered it a de cided advantage in that sultry climate. 1 Mary's attendant-a soldier's young wi dow, whom we had secured at Malta- \ was to sleep on the floor of her mistress's '? cabin; and altogether our arrangements ! were as perfect as could well be expected, and we might fairly look forward to a pleasant voyage home. It was on a calm, clear, but oppressively hot morning in June that the convoy at last set sail, and, aided by a light breeze, we went slowly upon our way through the waste of waters. I was busy enough all day unpacking, and had but little leisure to go on deck all the evening; but, as the sun went down, I stood leaning over the taflrail watching the changing hu6B of the fleecy clouds as the sun sank lower and lower-now green, now gold, red, violet, blue, finally changing to a slatey grey, as the orb sank beneath, the waves. I think that a feeling of sadness is com mon to erery one during the first night at sea. The hues at night creeping over the waters, through which the ship glides so calmly, the canvas clad spars looming above like gigantic ghosts, the endless' gurgle of the water as it ripples past, broken only by the monotonous cries of the look-out man, or the creaking of the helm-all these make one feel how utterly alone one is exposed to all the dangers of the deep. I was musing thus, idly watching the gilded crest of the phosphorescent waves, when I felt a cautious touch on the arm, and, turning, saw, to my surprise, an Italian sailor whom I had known in the Levant-and, indeed, once saved him from almost certain death-standing near me. The sight of the face of anyone I had known was grateful to me at the moment, and I was about to greet him loudly and gladly, when I was stopped by his tread- ; ing hard on my foot, and whispering "Hush!-for your life speak not above a whisper, or we are lost 1" Before my amazement would let me reply, he went ; on " Mon Dieu! that I had known this sooner; but I was away on shore at Malta. They tell me you have a fair young girl on board with you, too. Do I deceive my self ?" he added, rapidly. " No, surely," I answered. " My daughter accompanies me, and we consi dered ourselves lucky in obtaining a pas sage in a vessel guarded by the convoy." "Lucky, say you?" returnedJacobo. "Yes, truly. See you how every ship with which we left Valletta this morning is sinking low upon the wave V' 1 turned, and saw, to my astonishment, that we had slightly changed our course, and that all the convoy were already " hull down" upon the horizon. " What folly of the Captain to part company like this,"Iexclaimed, "risking his whole cargo falling into the hands of pirates!" " No fear of that for ns," interrupted Jacobo, with a sneer. " True," I replied ; " the Black Frigate has left these seas ; but still " " Madman without caution !" hissed Jacobo fiercely into my ear, clutching my wrist convulsively as he spoke ; " 'tis on the Black Frigate you are sailing- you and your daughter are beneath its flag!" The water still gurgled past us, and I could hear the creaking of each rope and block, as it seemed, with extra distinct ness ; but yet I could not comprehend, though I had heard the words that Jaeobo had uttered. How could I be on board that vessel ? "Listen, then," said Jacobo. "How I came to be on board this vessel matters not; it is enough that I tell you that of late we have been so hotly pursued in those seas that for a time we were obliged to leave them, and only within the last ten days have we returned, as you see now. 'Twas a bold expedient to go into Malta as we did, but the very boldness of the manoeuvre, and the altered appear ance of the vessel, was our safety. Spe ranza is our paid agent, and it was to his knowledge of the wealth you have with you that you owe your passage in this fatal ship. Padrone, your life here hangs on a thread; but I do not forget what you once did for me, and I will Bave you if I can ; but appear as though you were at ease, and mind you know me not. While the English are within sight, you are safe-ah, even now they signal us!" As he spoke, a slight flash in the dis tance glanced over the darkening waters, followed after the .lapse of a few seconds by a faint distant boom, showing that the convoy were aware of the alteration in our course, and were signalling us to re turn. Jacobo instantly darted from my side, motioning to me hastily to go into my cabin, and just after I had reached it the Captain and a thick-set young man, with a stern, brutal-looking face, as far as I could judge by the binnacle light, came on deck. I lay down in my berth, pretending to sleep, but endeavouring through the " ja lousies" to hear what conversation might ensue. For a time my heart throbbed painfully and the veins in my head seemed almost bursting; but by degrees I calmed myself down sufficiently to gather some few words of the whispered conversation that ensued between Jacobo, the pre tended Captain, and his companion, whom I soon discovered, from the manner of the other two, to be the presiding authority on board- As they spoke, I somehow j fancied that Jacobo drew them towards j the cabin where I lay, for the voices grew plainer and plainer. " Well, we can end it now, Jack," said the real Captain to the one whom I had first seen; " but mark ye, overboard the women go ! The last time there was a job of this sort I nearly had a mutiny through the men quarrelling among them selves, and I'll not have it again." " Would it not be better," said Jacobo, " to leave all as it is till to-morrow ? The English war-vessel has fired one gun to us already; if they chase and catch us, and ask for the Englishman Derwent and his daughter, and we have them not how then ?" A pause of a second or two ensued-a lifetime it seemed to me as I crouched be hind the blind, a cold sweat of agony pouring down my forehead. Jacobo, in whom lay the only hope of chance I had, could he too be a traitor planning our murder like that ? Tet why had he told me ? My poor child, too-I ground my teeth in impotent rage as I thought of the trap into which I had been betrayed. " Perhaps you are right, Jacobo, and I must wait, though I grudge keeping the men below so long; however, to-morrow will end this farce-see, another gun !" A faint report, wafted to us on the breeze, showed how rapidly we were being carried from our only protectors. An. other gun sounded-as it seemed, some what nearer-and the Captain, turning suddenly, gave a shrill whistle, and cried, " Tumble up there the watch; shake an other reef out of those topsails- up stun sails !" The noise of cables and trampling of the sailors' feet on deck now drowned every other sound, but in a very few minutes I could perceive from the heeling of the vessel that we were going through the water at a greater rate, leaving all hope behind. I need not waste words now detailing the horrors of the night that ensued ; the wind rose and howled dismally through the rigging, while the heavy plash of waves against the sides of the vessel served only to remind me of the fate that was in store for myself and my only child. When the morning broke the rain was pouring down heavily, and the waves fell one after another in heavy, lumpy masses, and, as the ship was running before the wind, she rolled so heavily as almost to dip her yards in the water. When I went on deck everything was wet and un comfortable, and to my horror not a sail of any description was in sight; my last hope was now gone, and I had to under take the dreadful duty of telling my poor child of the situation in which placed. (To be concluded in our next.) 