FOUR GHOSTS. [From the New York Tribune.'] Mankind has a weakness for spectres. If we are to credit human testimony at all, a great mass of supernatural narrative still tests our scepticism, even with the largest allowances for ocular delusions, infirm credulity, and our pro- pensity to see that we expect to see and what others profess to have seen, flic earliest legends and traditions) was full of those mysterious visitors, gliding through the twilight of history and peopling the pages of poetry and romance. In " Hamlet " and in many other of Shakspeare's plays, the ghosts come in as regular dramatis personae, and so much as a matter of course that their coming at all does not seem in the least miraculous. This is because, up to a recent period, nobody questioned the existence of ghosts. The age, though it is a little more sceptical, has its spectres still, and still our houses and highways. are haunted. Of four recent glasses we have lately seen newspaper accounts. Number One walked all in white, in the pleasant village of Rowley, Mass., with blood-red hands, from-which it was deduced that it was the ghost of a manslaughter who was long ago hung, or deserved to be. If so, the Rowley spectre has experienced a change of heart, for he is always seen in the first grey dawn shovellings now from the sidewalks most considerate and useful spirit-that is, if the snow actually dis- appears before the implement, a point upon which we are not informed. In some of our towns and cities, if he really could clear the way for early pedestrians, he would have heart this Winter a prodigious friend to the busy ; nor should we ourselves object to being so haunted. Number Two' is a woman, but at the same time of the hair-dressing and marrow- oongoaling sort. She travels by rail. Shu haunts the fire man and she distracts the engineer of the loco- motives " Von Moltke," on the Binghamton Railway, journeying, against all the rules of the company, upon the tender, and without preparing her fare. The incredulous conductor, upon hearing of this dead-end (in a double sense such), determined to investigate for himself. The train stopped at a water-tank to replenish the boiler, and there was the sho ghost sitting still upon the tender, and uttering the following words : " Now, fully, I've got you " The fireman was i about ungallantly to smite the woman with a chain, when the conductor came up and told him not to strike a woman, but to grasp and hold for one of the neatest and most pleasant pieces of advice possible under any circumstances. Then the spectre vanished-" melted into thin air,' ' as the reporter poetically and originally observes. The fireman has met the same ghost in Syracuse, when and where she told him, in sepulchral accents, that " whisky would be the death of him which we think exceedingly probable. What else she told him he refuses to disclose ; but it must have been something awful. Lately, just as the engine was going out of the yard the ghost appeared again and the engineer was so frightened that he declined to make his regular trip, and going home, probably took something hot and went to bed, Number Three, is a ghost at all, is one interested in the Common School system of Massachusetts. It is attached to a Notvbury port (Mass.) sominary, scares the school-room, and takes a mean advantage of juvenile timidity. It raps. It stops the clock. It moves maps and rushes papers. Being specially requested to appear, it became visible in " a light of peculiar bluish colour." Committees appointed to investigate the divided opinion, and make majority and minority reports. The former contemptuously regard the matter as a de- fusion. But there is a third committee-man who inclines to the supernatural side of the question. Seven persons have watched all night in the building, and have heard and soon enough to scare them out of their wits. Moiinvvhilo the City Marshal, who has been investigating in a quiet way, will soon give us a common sense explanation of the matter, and we trust will calm the Noivburyport perturbations. Number four is an electrical and telegraphic ghost, in Dubuque, Iowa. A young man, intending to go into the business of telegraphing, purchased a pair of repenting instruments with batteries and other apparatus, which he set up with a connecting wire in his room. To his great astonishment the instruments began to work of their own accord, " with a. systematic and rhythmicadonco about the tricks of the armature analogous to those heard in the ordinary telegraph- office." The ghost operated very quickly, but being requested to be a little slower in its communication it kindly complied and it was found that the olickB spelled " Edward Keats, of Balti- more." For many succeeding days the instruments have continued to work without contact. A printing machine was procured, and the ghost announced, in Roman letters, that he was " Edward Keats, of Baltimore, an operator on the National line." He has since telegraphed a number of " communications which cannot with propriety be given to the public ;" and it turns out that he is assisted by a female shade, named "Ettie Baker, late daughter of Judge Baker, of Geneva, 111." We are living in an extraordinary time. The ghosts that Bquonked and gibber in the Roman streets wore nothing to those modern wonders. The fact is, there are more things in heaven and earth the we are dreamed of in our philosophy. Bless the memory of Shakspeare, for transmitting to us the easy solution of every possible mystery J 