THE PHANTOM FUNERAL. BY AN ANCIENT MARINER. 'Tis a number of years back, when the writer's boyhood was spent in a nook of the West of England, a place where vessels— boats, barges, and sucn like craft—were not swept away by the innovations of steam. There was hardly a spot along the many miles of coast frontage which had not been explored, although the ramifications of the harbour extended in all directions for very long dis- tances. Close to the sea opening, the entrance —guarded by a fort on each side — was narrow, but so soon as a craft was fairly inside there was ample sea room either to sail up a river on the starboard hand, or go away for half a dozen miles up a creek on the port side. It was upon the margin of this creek my early days were passed, and every opportunity was taken to get afloat and cruise its waters about. It consisted of a series of indents with beach on all sides. Easy landing could be effected at high water in every part of the creek, and although in mid-stream there was generally some traffic going on, yet there were inlets seldom visited by any one. At the head of one of these was a small town whose inhabitants plodded along with out knowing or caring much for the outside world, and were if possible more supersti- tious than the generality of mankind. All sorts of old traditions were handed down amongst them from generation to generation; histories, in fact, of daring deeds and tales of bygone days. These had been so added to by time and gossip that it was not to be wondered that the youth of the population imbibed the ancient superstitions, and whistled aloud as they passed the church yard. There were other spots in the neigh- bourhood which also required to be crossed whistling, and none more than the aforesaid head of the creek. Even some of the oldsters would rush past that place as if scared out of their wits, for their frightened brains saw a phantom in every tree. Close to the spot was the Jewish Cemetery, and this lent additional terror to the surround ings. It was a wild and weird locality, out of the way of constant visitors, although now and then it was chosen on a summer day by lovers of solitude as a secluded haunt away from the busy scenes of men. Why this particular creek was so feared was explained as follows by the " oldest inhabi- tant:"—Many years before a man had been murdered near it, and as the perpetrators had never been brought to justice the spirit of the departed haunted the place. The additional horror existed that at every new moon a funeral procession of spirits un- earthed the body and bore it in solemn procession. There was no mistake about this, for time and often the spectacle had been witnessed. The unquiet spirits were rather select in their mode of procedure, as appeared by the testimony of eye-witnesses. Thus it was recorded that one night, at the stroke of 12, an orderly townsman, who had been wetting his clay at the nearest town, was walking hard to pass the spot before the bell had given forth the ghostly hour. But he was too late, and in the darkness there loomed some unearthly figures, the sight of which so filled the man with terror that he sank motionless on the footpath. There was no deception, and although tolerably strong-minded, the spec- tacle before him strung his nerves to such a pitch that while he could see all that trans- pired, he was yet compelled to be silent. From the gateway of the cemetery marched a dozen figures with slow and measured tread. Six were bearing tbe coffin, and without turning to the right or left, the solemn procession vanished in the distance. It was some time before the observer recovered his nerve sufficiently to pro- ceed on his way, and when he reached the town and told his tale very few were found who disregarded it, for this was not the first time that such unhallowed vigils had been witnessed. Soon after it chanced there were two other belated travellers returning upon the same road when the spectacle again appeared, though in quite a different form. There were still the dozen spectres, but instead of the coffin being borne by them it was placed on a hearse with drooping plumes and funeral array. The horses appeared to be headless, and also the phantom driver. The fear the demonstra- tion excited in the two witnesses was so great that they described the scene in wonderful terms, boldly asserting the horses to have been the shape and size of six ordinary equine steeds. The phantoms, too, seemed to grow upon each successive manifestation, and they were now declared to have been some eight or nine feet high. Like the snowball, the story was increased by being passed along, and ultimately the place became so invested with supernatural terrors that it was shunned as a plague-spot. No person would on any pretence visit the creek after evening, and the spirits seemed to become bolder from being left unassailed. One night, as the village clock struck 12, a trample of horses was heard in the usually quiet and deserted streets. It was so singular a visitation that some of the in- habitants were prompted to look out of their windows, and m the darkness of the night they discerned the shadowy outline of the phantom hearse. There was just the slightest suspicion that spectre horses should have made a little less noise, but those sceptics who doubted were soon overruled by the more numerous believers in the ghostly apparition. One marked peculiarity of the spectral pro- cession was its erratic character, for occa- sionally months and months would elapse before a reappearance occurred, and then for awhile it turned up twice or thrice with but short intervals between. THE REALITY. Amongst the many vessels of all sorts which knocked about the harbour there was not another such pleasant nautical spectacle as that furnished by the trawlers and dredgers when underway for the scene of their labours. They presented especially a most agreeable diversity in form, size, and rig. Some were of graceful lines, for even in those days there were many smart craft afloat. The emulation between the crews was also a matter to be noted, as one and all clapped on with a will to give another pull at the peak or throat haulyards, or in- deed sweat up anything, to turn the balance of speed in favour of their respec- tive cutters. A fine hardy race of men, inured to every hardship of a seaman's life, and equal to any emergency, were those who worked the boats. There was just one little matter, however, about which these sons of the sea were singular, and that was an utter disregard of the Ring's revenue. If ever there was a chance to run a cargo the fishing became a secondary matter. The ilectness of some of the boats, moreover, was a great induce- ment to their owners to make private voyages to the opposite shore, where in La Belle France small investments could be made in dutiable goods, which, if landed safely in Britain, furnished a much more profitable harvest than the fisherman's ostensible occupation. The latter was a most excellent blind to revenue cruisers, for though it was often suspected the hardy fishermen made voyages of doubtful honesty to the coast on the other side of the channel, it was a most difficult matter to prove a single instance of the kind. The dangers of the pursuit and the risks ran were sufficient to put the men on their mettle for stratagem. Many con- sequently were the devices used to run the cargoes safely ashore. For instance, one of the fishers' occupations was the capture of lobsters and other crustaceae, which were snared in crab-pots or baskets lowered to the bottom on rocky ground and buoyed by corks so branded that each man knew his own. When a boat returned laden from the French coast, it was frequently the case that the cargo of spirits would be lowered and properly buoyed in place of the pots. Certain indicative marks would enable con- federates to identify the spot when oppor- tunity offered for the removal of the plant. The matter of running the blockade of pre- ventive boats was not of very great impor- tance, but to effect a landing at points con- venient for safety was the greatest considera- tion. Many were the plans suggested to secure this result, but none promised success until on a certain night one of the men conceived the idea of playing on the superstitions of the inhabitants by inventing the ghostly funeral. This being agreed to, it was arranged, as on previous occasions, that the cargo of barrels should be deposited in the lobster beds out side the harbour. That was done, and as soon as darkness fell a smart boat shoved out to transport the smuggled liquor. Impelled by sails and oars the trip was soon made, and the vessel having been rapidly loaded a return to the harbour was effected without failure. Noiselessly the boat took her way towards the creek, where she soon became lost to view between the dark forms of the hulks. No time was lost in removing the contra- band material to the old cemetery, where the anxious watchers remained awaiting the expected vehicle. There was a tool-house in one corner, and there the party robed themselves in long white garments, which completely enveloped their persons without impeding action. Soon the sound of wheels told that their confederates were at hand with the conveyance. More white calico and additional fitting out rapidly produced the required appearance of a funeral hearse. Other busy hands piled up the tubs in the cart, which were effectually hidden by the solemn trappings draped about it. Many a joke was bandied as to the consternation the procession would create, aud when the clock struck 12 the phantom funeral emerged upon the high- way. During its early progress a slow and measured pace was observed on account of its befitting the apparel of the men, bnt [once in the byways where no observers were likely to be met the load was trotted briskly on until after a journey of three miles inland the present destination of the cargo was reached. There was a house which had in bygone days been the home of some squire or county magnate, bat now was occupied by a small farmer, whose share of the transaction was to receive the liquor in bulk and get it dis- tributed in small parcels among the various customers. Once within the high walls of the court-yard the funeral drapery was doffed, and eager hands soon placed the spirits in the re- motest recesses of the ancient cellars. Return- ing to the upper apartments the party then drunk success to the smugglers with some of the illicit liquor. At daydawn the self- same men were away on the waters of the harbour pursuing their ostensible occupation of catching fish, and ever and anon they would pass the word to the Customs whose boats came within hail. For a long period the Phantoms continued to visit the spot, and occasionally they diversified the proceedings by abolishing the hearse for the quiet unostentatious funeral on foot. That the place was haunted nobody could deny, for many of the corporeal ghosts themselves, in order to assist their own designs, gave colour to the rumour, and thus added to the superstitious dread which all felt towards the Jews' Cemetery. When by the lapse of time the apparition failed to strike terror into the minds of the inhabitants it was deemed prudent to withdraw from the scene of the smugglers' successful labours, and in getting their contraband cargoes on land other means were devised to take the place of the " Phantom Funeral." 