I WESLEYAN DISTRIOT MEETING. W 'e have already gien'briof notices of tljo session of 'the Wealeyan District of STasmania, but as we- haveo now been Sfavored with tho Minutes of the proceed. ings at those meetings not open to the Pieas, we publish the same, interspersed Swith those reports furnishod by members of our literary staff'. It will be seen that the business commenced last Wednesday week, and concluded on Thursday last. One of the topics discussed before the meeting broke up, that of liay representa tion in Conference, being pno in which tile members of the Weslqyan and other churches in all the colonies feel a consider able inteiest, we should have been glad to report.moro fully had the present rules of the Wesloyan body permitted. The information we are able to give on that subject is'very meagre, aid we may not hope to bo furnished with any report of whatis likely to have been on animated discussion, judging by some notices on the same subject in the published accounts of District meetings in the other colonies. It will be seen that a new circuit Scottsdale-is to be formed, and that the Rev. James Rickard, who is said to have labored usefully in the Fingal circuit, is recommended as the pioneer in organizing the Methodist'Church in that district. PRnEMLIMArY. Tho ministers composing the WeoleIyan Methodist District Moeting for Tasmania commenced their annual session in the Patterson-street school-room, Launceston, on Wednesday, November 12th, at 11 o'clock, under the presidency of the Rev. N. Bennett. After the usual devotional exercises'athe Rev. . . J. Lavers, from Queensland, and. the lRevs. D. Parry and J. Rickard, from Victoria, were introduced to the meeting by the Chairman. The Rev. F. ,E. Stophenson was elected Secretary. The usual questions bearing upon moral character were 'applied to each minister seriatim, and it was a matter for thank fulness that no case of delinquenoy had occurred during the year. A plan for the examination of probationers on their reading for theo year was drawn up by the Rev. E. 'W Nyo; and accepted by the meeting. STATISTICS. The followifg are the statistical returns for the past year :-Number of chapels, 50; other preaching 'places, 41; number of ministers, 15 ; local preachers, 78; clas-leaders, 103; number of members, 1450; on trial for membership, 02; Sun day schools, 52; Sunday-school scholars, 3203 ; Sunday-school teacheres'. 393 ; attendants on public worship, 9657. ' OURTLYIN DISTRICTS. The religious necessities of the various outlying districts in the colony occupied the attention of the meeting. An appli cation from the people of Scottsdale for a minister having beon presented, it was resolved to appoint one to labor in that district. ' ': OFPIOIAL SHBMON. On Wednesday oyening the Rev. F. E. Stephenson' preached the oficial sermon before the district meeting in the Patter son street Church, after which the sacra ment of the Lord's Supper was adininis tered to the ministers and the members of the Church. On the next day a vote of thanks was given to Mr Stephenson for his excelleno and appropriateo sermon, with a- request that he would furnish it for publication in the Wesieyan, Ch/ro'eicle (Melbourne). THB FINANOIAL DIBTRIOT MEETING Was held on Friday. In addition to the ministers, lay representatives from the ,? , unceston, Westbury, Dolo rain, and Fingal circuits were present. The state of the church pro perty, in the districts was enquired into and found to be satisfactory. The meet ing sanctioned the erection of the follow ing chapels- One at' Hadapen in the Launcoston circuit and one'at Hamilton on-Forth in the Morsey circuit ; also the purchaso of, land and building at Mo- thinna (Black Boy) in the Fingal circuit. S LOA-m BUILDINO FUND. The trustees of the Melville-street Church, , Hobart Town, * applied for I a loan. of' .£200. 'The applica tion-was granted. The thanks of the meeting:were prdsented to the Rev. N. Bonnett and,W. Hart, Esq., for their i services as treasurers to, the fund, and a vot9 was passed recommending theirtro- t appointment.. oCIROT AI AIAND BXTENSION FUND. Thle requirements of dependent circidts wore carefully considered, and distribution was made to each as far as the fund would allow. Thoe ov A. Inglis was re-appointed I secretary to the fund, and thanks were given for his past services. i IIEPREI' NTATrVE TO, THIB ONFEBRENOB.,. The Rov Joseph White was elected by the moeting as representative to the annual I conference, to be 'hld in Melbourne in January noxt. 7' . ' ' TIiE HORTON COLLEGE OOUNOIL Met on Saturday. The President's report was read adnd' accepted. The report of the head master, W. W. Fox, B.A., as read by Rev W. E. Nye, showed that the pupilsa had prosecuted their studies with"'gratifying success. Thi Council c passed a vote of thanks to the head master ' for the ability with which 'ho had con delutd his department of the'college work; Thanks were also presented to tlih Reov G.. Richards for his able management of.the College, andlthoi Council reiom- 0 mended his re-appointmont. Tlhe follow- y ifg gontlemon, with all theI'mnisters'in fu connekoiou,' wore recommended to tlie Conference to be the Counlil for the on suing year :-Messrs gB, Archer ;'R,';I. Douglas, J. W.Gleadow, W. Hart, W. n F. Brownell,iA. Jackson, W. J. Norwood t T. Riggall, E. Shoobridgo, J. Hoywaed, t 8\. Warnook, V. WVatorlhouse, and G. W Ifo. , " 1 ,uitluy, Nov. 10. ' ADDIESHS TO BUNDAY SHIIOLAIIB. "" In1 the afternoon the Rlov J. S. Oreor delivered the annual address to' the Sunday SBhool scholars of the two town schools, in Patterson-stroot Church, the B ohildrei belhig seated in the body of the elhurrh for thl occasion. Somo of the an - niversary hymns sed on tlihe previots 1t Sunday wore sung during tihe service. Tlhe preacher founded ' ils address o il Prov. i., 10-"If siniiners ontice tlheo' coasent thou not ;" anld slceeoded it keeping up the attention of the youthful audloeuco by illustrative ianeedoto and simple explication, whioh will not soon be g forgotten. . . ' BniMON TO o T OUN o. t' ;The SBormol to the Young, as direcoted by Confurence, was proaclhed in tile sameo church on Sunday evening by tile Rev. t' 0\. 13. Richards, President of Horton e College. Tihe rev. gentleinsu took for l lis text DeUt. xxxli., 47--" For It is not a vains tiling for you e becuseo it is your I lite." His letrodeuctory remaerks led ro-l forleuo to tiee last day .of MIoses, wheuo '1 life had been in lueir'mt and, nobloe ucn a thriuglhout i identified ais it was withll' tl. I highest interests of that groat people, tlie chosen people of God. They found him reviewing the paths'through which the people 'Iad been led, and proniouncing his final and mature judgment while tak ing a solemn leave of Israel. But more than that, the words wero the words of inspiration, the words of God himself. " t," the service of God, religion, piety, is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life.".. The subject then was "the importance of true piety." The highest blessedness of the prosent life was not separate from the life of the world to come. " Godliness is profitable unto all things having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come." He (the.preacher) would endeavor to impress upon his young friends the claims of true plety, that which concerned equally the present and the future. The text sug-' gested that thero.wore evils of vast mag nitude threatening the life of body and soul, from which we could only be pre served by thi influence of true piety. In this connection; there was sin, and also the consequences of sin, the destruction of all true life, and all that is worthy of life. There was perhaps no sin in the present day so prevalent and so destruc tive as the sin of Intemperance: it af fected all classes, and was the cause of more crime and misery than any one thing besides. He warned the young-people against the use of intoxicating drink. God forbid that he should say what some said, that it was sin for a man to tako.a glass of wine, or tlint stimulants had not their proper use. If he wore to say so, he should say what lie did not think to be true. But when. he considered the terrible results in what followed such use, hd was justified in urging on all to avoid the sin. As a mat ter of prudence and Christian expediency he urged them to abstain from, it except in cases of absolute necessity. The same language might be used in re ference to drunkenness as in another case \--"consider diligently what is before thee, and put a knife to thy throat if thou be'a man given to appetite." In God's name he warned those who indulged in the use of intoxicating drinks, the young especially, if there were any present who had acquired the habit, that they were on the precipice of ruin. " Who hath woe I who hath sorrow 7 who hath contentions ? who hath babbling1 who hath wounds without cause I who hatli redness of eyes ? They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine. Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it givoth his colour in the, cup, when, it moveth itself aright. At the last:it biteth like, a ser pent and stingeth like ah adder." It was: possible for those young men now to put away the evil thing. Another sin- he would reofa to, namely, that which was pervading all classes of the community, and which was certainly destructive of self-respect, peace, and comfort, and led to misery and ruin. He spoke of that foolish, .wicked craving for large'gains which led men to despise honest com morce-to risk all they possessed for the chance of enormous gain. He besought them not to make their great concern here below to amass wealth. Many a man who resolved to be rich by any means bade farewell to honesty and integrity. In making those remarks the preacher observed 'that hd was not speaking against diligence in business, or. improving by lawful means the gifts of God's provi dence. He alluded to a sadand recent case in Victoria of a man, who was the I type of a very largo class ruined ] and. disgraced by eschewing the paths of honesty, and courting tho, gambler's fate. - In the .words of that individual " It's the old story, taking money to make I a good venture with the -intention by- 1 and-bye to restore it." Mr Richards said it was quite possible lie was speaking to some one who had gone beyond his moans, and he would speak words of caution to such. Then he should like to say a word on another matter,, on which it was dillicult to speak, and hardly pos- 1 sible to speak without giving offenco ; it I could hardly be spoken of-even in an age 1 of open licentiousness. Various causes were producing their results in' offences 1 against virtue and decency, proving that t there was no vice so degrading as sen sualism. He might spea of other forms I of sin, but lie would be content with re minding them that not only in those e senses were those and other sins death I working, but there were other conso- e quonces than those to which he had re- b ferred, which were infinite, and 'eternal, s reducing maen to that whichl became second death, " Whoro their worm dieth t' not, and the fire is not quenched." Was 5i it then needful that man born to love and a serve God should experionce the final ex- n tinction of happiness 1 Lot them think 1 ofoutr darknoss, the society of fiends, the blackness of despair. After some remarks on the question, of - eternal rewards and punislihments, the preacher f, said the congregation must. soo the p propriety of the utteranco of the txt that p ' It is no vain thing." But the. results b of true piety were not simply preservative T in their character ; piety not only do- n livered them from those evils but intro- L duced them to a higher and nobler life ; and if they thus estimated life, did the p wicked nian live at all I No, his lifo was 9 r living death, and it would have boon p better for that man and for. the world in p which lie lived that lie had never existed E at all; for the wicked man became a clog to God's creation. Lot them, however, mark the good man : he lived nobly and truly; lie had victory over evil, and was p charaoterisod by all that was noble, mag- a lianimious, and useful. He enjoyed Imp- a piless and satisfaction here, but if there I bo a recompense of that kind here how much more that recompense of reward on sured to him when lie passed away from earth I No doubt in speaking to the ft young on that occasion, lie was spoaking o to somue of high aspirations, whoi dosire p ahd intended to live to some high, 'noble, a and worthy purpose ; they wished so to 1 live as to leave their footprints on earth v after they shall have gone hence. .Had they such aspirations I Thon lie besought theta to yield themoselves to God,, and deny thmoselves in early life. Lot them uloo youthful lusts which war against the doul, by subordinating pleasure, duty, i and everything to the will of God, If they did tlhat, what comfort awaited tliohen f in youth, and'what unspeakabl Ihappiness n in the world to come I There were rea sons for urging tlhe necessity of yielding themselvs to oGd : the shortness and iun- b cortainty of lifo i the fact that the evils of d iiisspont youth could not be repaired in i this life or the next. Sin left 'its mark i on ties soul, and possibly on some other souls; and the consequuonce of sin in- [ creasud and acttumulated. And what he fi (thu rev. gentloiuman) spoke to the young i, applied to the oeldur portion of tlhe con gregation. But lie appealed firat and last to the young the world's liopes wore in. tlloii ; they wore to occupy the places of n tlhose wl were going the way of all floeh ; C ird he besought them to give heed to the I word of exhllrttilon, yield themliselves to C tlio clailus of God and of religion, seeing n "It sla not a vain thilig for youe becauseo 1 Itis for your lifo." On the ministors re-assolubling oln J Muonday morning, thel following reso- 1 lution was un- niiiiiously piased ':-. o Tlhat thl thanks of thie mooting be pro- C soiutod to thie Iov. G. l. ltiuharls for I1 his able, practical,. and tapproptilatu sor mon to the young as appolntud by con- t forenhe" ahd that ho publisah it'in the Christian Wiinem ss. , OCANDIDATES. Two candidates for the Ministry, from the Campbell Town Circuit were brought forward by the Rev. G. B. Richards, and after the nusnl examination into claractor and theological knowledge, they were recommended to the conference to be re ceived on trial, with a year's training at Horton College. SooIETY MEETINO. A Society Meeting took place in the Church, on Monday evening, at which most of the ministers attending the Dis trict Meeting were present. The Chair man of the District, the Rev. N. Bennett presided, and opened the proceedings, by stating the object for which they were as semblod, and expressing his views on the position they occupied, the privileges they enjoyed, the obligations under which they were laid, and the prospects presented, concluding by invoking the Divine bless upon the meeting. Rev. J. Hutchison in a brief address spoke of well being; and well doing, the connection between Christian happiness, and Christian usefulness, showing that daily life should be characterized byboth, involving as they did peace of conscience joy in the Holy Ghost, and active service for Jesus Christ. Rev. D. Parry, of Hobart Town, was next called upon by the Chairman. He spoke of what he thought a contrast be tween the earnestness and piety of the Church in the past and present, and said comparing the past with the present he had a fooing of sadness, when he looked abroad and observed the small power the gospel seemed to exert on the masses. And if he inquired what were the causes, the first reason that presented itself to his mind was the want of recognition of the constant, present power of the Holy Ghost; mmen were too apt to look to what was human, and to show characteristics of formalism lukewarmness and half-heartedness. He took it that Methodism'was one great and grand revival from beginning to end; and should be in constant antagonism to Satan, who has constant revivals of his forces. In view of the formality and want of devotion to God and his cause, it was time for them to be up and doing ; and for every man to be using his talents for the promotion of God's glory in the good of the Church and the world. There should also be hearty and sincere co operation with Ministers, and the em bracing opportunities for usefulness, as in those days there was certainly greater scope for Christian labor. Again he would impress on the meeting the neces sity of seeking the Divine Spirit to aid them. Notwithstanding what he had said of discouragements arising from apathy, and a distaste for Divine things, he was sanguine as to the ultimate success of the Gospel; for, falling back on the promises and pledges God had given is through his Son Jesus Christ, it was im possible for the Gospel to fail. But they I were all instruments in the hands of God, - through whom his purposes and work were to be effected and carried on. In conclusion he said he trusted very soon all the Churches would receive the power of the Holy Ghost, and be prepared to go forth to publish the name of that'great Saviour who had died to redeem the world. Rev. H. J. Lavers then briefly and earnestly addressed the audience. He ex pressed his sense of the kindness which as a stranger amongst them he had received since he had been in Launesoton, and said he had found that wherever in New South Wales or the other colonies he had travelled, a common bond united Christians together ; and he proceeded to make a few remarks on "Union to Christ and the. Union of Christians to each other." Rev. F. E. Stophenson, after stating some important matters connected with his own experience from boyhood,said he had been much pleased with his visit to Launceston ; he was pleased at the aspect of tlht Church internally and externally, with their position as a Society, and that they were'free from all strifes, which ac counted for their prosperity. .H re gardqd. the position of Methodism in Lauincston as satisfactory, and he exhorted the audience to keep united, to love one another, to pray for. a larger descent of the Holy Ghost, and then he hoped they would lrve a constant and still increasing measure of prosperity. During the meeting the choir, under r the leadership of Mr Stanfeld, sang very iicely.several pieces from Philip's Amren can Sacred Songster and other works.Tho v meetriig was concluded, as it commenced, a with devotion. 'Puorosen STATIONs Fou 1874. "V Thoefollowing are the stations as recom monded by the district to the Conference for the ensuing year -Hobart .Town, Rev. F. E. Stophenson and Rev. D. Parry; Now Town, Rev. J. Graham; Now Norfolk, Rev.A. Inglis; Campbell Town, Rev. G. B. Richards ; Launceston, Rev. J., White and Rev. E. W. Nye; Longford, .Rev. N. Bennett (Chair man of the District) ; Westbury Rev. J. Hutchisoan Deloraine, Rev.W J. S. Greer;t Mersey, Rov. H., J. Lavers ; Pingal, Rev. . A. Ogilvie; Stanley, Rev. R. Philp; Seottadale, Rev. J. Rikard.. MINISTES 'TO 'ATTBND THIE CONFERENCE. The Rev.. F E. Steplhnson was ap pointed to accompany -tlho representative and chlirinan to the onsuing Conference, and the Rovs. J. S. Groer and H. J. Lavers had permission to attend. LAY RBPiRSENTATION IN CONFERENCE. On this subject the meeting passed the following resolution:-That in the opinion of this mooting it is highly desirable to postpone further action in relation to the admisslon of laymen to Conference, with t a view to the re-consideration of the E whole question by the General Con-s foronoo. c CLOSINO RESSION. A resolution was unanimously passed thanking the friends for their kindness in entertaining the ministers during their satay in Launcestou. The secretary read. the nminuites of the mooting whilch were con firmed by the sigiatturo of thlo. cliairmant and the meeting closed with singing and ' 'lIro si.ttings throughout were marked by great unanumity of feooling, and while diseussion evoked a diversity of opinion in certain matters, yt thero was manifest "the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peaco," and the ministers have roturnod to their dill'urat spheres of labor with c fresh resolves " to spend and to be spent" in tile groeat work of their lives. LoUTrIIi ni Y . v. o a, IAlu.' On Thursday evening a large aundlono sauotiblied at the Patterson - streot Churulh to hear the lecture of the Rev Oi Parry, of Hobart Town, on "The Ocean and the Shore." Sovoral Wesloeyan C inlisltors were oi flio platform. The li Rev, J. White anniioincudt a hlyint which was snII by tie audience, wohen thue 1Rv. Jiqs lickard, of Fiingal, offlred prayer. Un the imotion of the Rev. J. White the oluai' was thou taken by the hioon, Mr 1 Gruihlh, M.L.O., who expressed his lhlasauro at binuig lireonnt, and said lihe had ,no doubti. from wrlat he had heard that the promised looture of the Rov. DI Parry would afford much interest and profit to them all... He should content himself by introdticiig the lecturer., -Thbs Rev. D. Parry was heartily greeted. ,?B apologised for being unable to do justice to the subject in consequence of indis position, and cast himself on' the patience and forbearance of the audience. He then proceeded with the lecture, or as the rev. gentleman called it, the " sailor's yarn." He graphically depicted the sensations on embarking for a long voyage, and on losing sight of Albion's sea girt islo, with the experiences on board ship, and' passing references to St. Helena, the Cape, Aden, Calcutta, and various ports of China and Japan, the manners and customs of the people, character of the buildings, with humorous incidents, all of which Mr Parry described in vivid style, showing an extensive knowledge and a masterly command of language, which elicited frequent applause. A pause was made to enable the lectiuri to take rest, during which the collection was made in behalf of the building fund of the Margaret-street parsonage.' At' the conclusion of the. lecture a vote o thanks, proposed by the Rev. C. A. Ogilvie, seconded by Rev. R. Philp, was carried by acclamation. .In acknowloedy ing the same, Mr Parry expressed his willingness should health and circumstanc cos permit, to attend to any requeit' to lecture in Launceston -at a futurO' period. He took' the opportunity to thank the friends at Launceston for the geat kindness they had shown to him uring his visit, and bespoke from the audience increased sympathy on behal' of seaman, and those efforts which were made in various ways to promote their welfare, and to advance the interests oi the people of the lands they visited. The ptoceedings closed with the' Doxology sung by the audience, and the Benediction,', pronounced by the Rev. J. White;: 