ANOTHER BREACH OF PROMISE CASE. Tliis was an action tried at the Oxford Assizes. Miss Hall, the plaintiff, was a spinster, about thirty years old, living with her mother, a farmer's widow, at Grimsbury, and the defendant, Mr. Taylor, was a young tenant farmer, of the same age, and of a poetical turn of mind, at Slupston-on-Stour. In the latter part of 18G7, the parties met, and made acquaintance at a penny reading ; an attachment sprang up between them, which ripened into an engagement in January of the following year. The defendant wrote to the plaintiff in the warmest terms, assuring her that he was an isolated being, and felt himself a lonely wanderer over the face of nature ; he now, for the first time, found liim] self a miserable man." Mr. Huddleston remarked j that every man was miserable till he married. His lordship said Mr. Huddleston was a leading authority on the subject; in fact, he was the most recent case. In another letter of the defendant's came the following poetical effusion :— imi0' dearest Nellie, For till the fleeting life shall ena, I will remember thee. I've loved thee short, I've loved thee much, And till this frame shall be Laid in the silence of the grave I will remember tliee. Forget thee ! Sooner shall the waves Forget and leave the sea. Sooner the stars forget to. sliine, Than thou forgot shall be. From your deeply-attached Jofi. Unfortunately, before the defendant's frame had been laid in the silence of the grave, or the stars had forgotten to shino, he was opposed to the dangerous attractions of a cousin, and though, as Mr. Huddleston assured the court, ho still Y,-ell remembered the plaintiff, he inadvertently married the cousin. After amusing speeches from the council on both sides, a verdict for the plaintiff was taken by consent for £200. Editorial Life in Australia.—Ml (he Tear Round lias a complimentary paper on an Australian township. The writer says To obtain, a criticism or a suggestion, one is compelled to drink a nobbier of brandy. The life of an upcountry editor is the life of Sisyplms, the higher up the hill he rolls his stono, with the inore violence does it tumble back upon hinij You want an editor?" said a hopeful new chum to the lucky jobprintcr who owned the JUanket Flat Mercury ; " I have tho best testimonials, and have written largely for the Englisli Press.' The man of advertisements scanned the proffered paper : " Clever ! sober ! industrious ! My good sir, you won't do for mo. I want a man as is blazing drunk half his time, and who can just knock off a smart tiling when I tell him " "But who edits the paper, then? asked the applicant. " Who," replied the proprietor, flourishing liis scissors over his head m indignant astonishment, " Why, I does ! All you have to do is to correct the spollin', and put m the personalities." Central Queensland.—A gentleman who has received a letter from a friend l'ecently settled in Central Queensland, permits us to make the following extract" Tins is the finest country I ever clapped eyes on; open, magnificent downs, splendidly grassed, and very fattening. This is really, without any coloring, as crand a property as any white man could wish to hold, and quite equal to 200,000 sheep. Kot a bad acre in it, with every facility for securing water, being interspersed by creeks. They have had terrific floods up hero recently, and the dams, &c.;, were much injured. O. B. Fisher has fully 150,000 sheep bought up here, and all travelling south, giving from is. to Js. Gd, wethers, and all in capital condition. Cattle are very scarce; one lot of bullocks fetched £7 j the other day, bought for the Brisbane butchers. I Sheep-farming is quite refreshing up hero. A <rood deal of 1871 wool is still on many of the stations, and of course all the last clipping, which is vet going on. They only finished shearing on this station as I arrived. What with a good show of 1871 bales and 300 just pressed we are in quite a commercial state. One man has only recently started to shear 90,000 ! Another neighbour says it is too late now, and so he 11 hang on till next shearing ! and so they go on, clioko full of grass seeds, and seem to think it s all light. Men are scarce, and wages high—£1 and 2os. to 30s."—Wepga Wagga Advertiser. A Yankee Done.—A Yankee and a Frenchman owned a pig in co-patnersliip. When l-illi'ng time came they wished to divide the carcase. The Yankee was very anxious to divide so that he would get both hind quarters and persuaded the Frenchman that the proper way to divide it was to cut it across the ba,ok. The Frenchman agreed to it on condition that the Yankee would turn his back and take his choice of the pieces after it was cut in two. The Yankee turned his back, and the Frenchman said—1 Vich piece vil you have ; zc piece wid ze tail on, or ze piece vat aitnt got no tail: ' The piece with tho tail!' shouted the Yankee instantly. ' Den by gar you can take him, and I take zo odor one,' said the Frenchman. Upon turning round, tho Yankee found that tlio Frenchman had cut off all the tail and stuck it into the pig's mouth. "You shouldn't bo glutinous, Isaac," said Mrs. Partington, as with an anxious experience she marked a strong convulsive effort that younf gentleman was making to bolt the last quarter of a mince pie. "You shouldn t be so "lutionous, dear. You must bo careful, or you will get something in your elementary ' canal or sarcophagus one of those days that will kill you, Isaac." An American editor having stated that mank'nd may bo divided into three classes, viz :—1st, superlatively honest men : 2ndly, confirmed scoundrels; and 3rdly, no men at all,—one of his bretliern thus illustrated tho definition : " First person plural 'We are' 2nd 'Ye or your are ;' 3rd They (the ivomen) are.'" Thunderbolt's Revolver.—The Fiji Gazclt has tho following " Something of a curiosity is announced for raffle at Messrs. Lazarus and O'Connell's, and if genuine—which wo aro assured it is—there will doubtless bo a rush for it. It is no less than a revolver, winch it is asserted was the property of the notorious ' Thunderbolt.' Revolvers are becoming historical. The celebrated revolver cf poor Burke lies in the Museum at Melbourne ; and the one belonging to the bushranger Thunderbolt will verv fikely take its place in some collection of curiosities in this country, which may perhaps form the nucleus of the future national museum of Fiji! !" „ , .. A Mystery.—An English traveller describes a "Mystery called the Creation," svMdh lie saw performed in Hamburg, Germany, m 187-.. According to his account it was a grotesque affair Young priests had wings of geese tied on'their shoulders to personate angols Adam appeared on the scene in a big curled wig and a brocade moving gown. Among the animals that passed before hhn to receive their names were a well-shod horse, pigs with rings m ^^• nose^ and a mastiff with a brass collai. A co n bone had been provided for the formation of Eve but the mastiff' spied it out giabbed it, and carried it off. The angels tried to vLll^tl° liim back, but not succeeding, they chased linn, rravo him a lacking and recovered the bone, which they placed under a trap-door by the side of the sleeping Adam, whence there soon emerged a lanky priest in loose robes to personate Eve. Church and State is India.—The Calcutta correspondent of tlie Times writes :-Our Indian ecclesiastical establishment is likely soon to be overhauled. It costs £105,000 a year, cluefly on the Church of England, together -with a fewScotch Kirk chaplains, and a very few Roman Catholic priests for our Irish soldiers. No one can say that this sum is large, or that tlio Government of a Queen who declared her firm faith in Christianity when formally assuming the adminstration of India, should not see to the spiritual instruction of all Christian soldiers and oflicials here. Not loss, hut perhaps moie, money should be assigned to Christianity, in all fairness, some will urge. At any rate, wliate\ ei sum is assigned Government must see that it is I economically spent. So it lately called for statistics showing the attendance at tlie^ churches I which it supports, with a view of discovering how many of its own soldiers and officials are provided for. The policy is to maintain only military chaplains, and to give grants in aid to churches attended by civil oflicials, so as to develop a partial voluntary system and get rid of the frequent complaints against State-paid chaplains who outrage the worshippers in a station church by sacrerdotal and ceremonial absurdities. The returns have just been sent in, and the issue remains to be seen. Some people hero desire to see only one Chaplain-General 111 India, as at home, and grants made to the Church of England, Presbyterian, and Wesley an bodies Societies as the Additlona^1^/"^ first, and the Anglo-Indian Christ,an uniun. "\vlxicli is Catholic "within Protestant limits. it is, union churches have sprung up at all the Hill stations, at Lahore and Rangoon, attended chiefly by members of the Church of England, though served by Presbyterians and Nonconfoimists, and our soldiers at such stations as Mean Meer and Dum Dum refuse to listen to High Church services. . Duelling. —The Court of Assizes of Mayenne lias iust been engaged for two days in the trial of five persons for duelling. This aflair had caused great excitement in the department, nrst from the situation of the parties, the principals being M. Applcton, Sub-Prefect, and Mr. Hitter, Receiver of Finances, and next from the fatal termination of the affair, the former gentleman having been killed by pistol shot. M. Patter had neglected to return a visit the other had paid him ; and M. Appleton, meeting him afterwards at a soiree, in consequence abstained from bowing to him. The Receiver ordered the Sub- Prefect to salute him, and, on the other refusing, threw his glove in the face of M. Applcton, who answered with a blow, ino duel took place with the fatal result just mentioned. The court acquitted all the accused, but condemned M. Rittcr to pay the costs. A Diabolical Act.—The Swiss T-mcs reports that Father Gavazzi was preaching on the suppression of religious corporations a short time since, when two men, one of them a tailor from Faenza, thirty years of age, and the other a Roman student, eighteen years of age, were discovered in the act of firing a large bombshell full of powder and iron on the door of the Evangelical chapel in Via del Corallo. The two miscreants, taken in the act by tlio guards of the Questura, were arrested before they could accomplish their infernal design. It was indeed most fortunate the bomb did not explode, or it must have caused great damage, the room being full of people. The arrested men were immediately given up to the Procurator del Re, to whom also was delivered the sequestered bomb. The above-mentioned student had boon arrested before for injuries to the arms of Savoy, and for having taking part in a demonstration on the death of a Pontifical gendarme. Railway Travelling on Sunday.—The Hon. T. M'Kellar introduced to the lion, the Commissioner of Railways, yesterday, a deputation from the Sabbath Observance Committee of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, for the purpose of requesting that Sunday travelling on all lines of Victorian Railways might not bo permitted. The Rev. Mr. Main urged that the running of trains 011 Sundays was alike contrary to religious practice and generally j preiudical to the true interests of the community, and contended that it would be unjust to the employes of tlio Railway Department to require them to work on the Sabbath. He also reminded | the minister that a bill had recently been mtro- j duced for the purpose of regulating hours ol labour. Mr. Gillies did not consider that the bill in question referred to tlio working of the Railway Department. The Rev. Mr. Mam held that when trains had been run on Government, lines they had not been found to pay for the expenditure incurred, but he thought that even goods trains should be discontinued on Sundays. Mr. Gillies considered that it was, at certain seasons of the year, imperatively necessary to run such trains, and furthermore that \\\hen trains were found remunerative, the convenience of the public should bo studied. It was well knewn that Sunday trains had been discontinued on the Victorian Government Railways for the simple reason that they did not pay; but if tlio Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway came into the hands of the Government, it was improbable that they would be prevented from being worked on Sundays. The Hon. T. M'Kellar then : pointed out that tho suburban trams; earned I persons to church, whereupon Mr. GiUies intimated that evil should not be done that good ) I might come out of it. Tho servants of the department worked during long hours; lie was not of opinion that they would object to work I even a little more. As yet nothing had been dccidcd upon with regard to Sunday trains, and that before anything definite should bo determined upon ho would require to have some further information as to whether Sunday trains would or would not bo likely to prove remunerative. It was distinctly to be understood that the Government could not entertain the matter from a religious point of view, and he might say that trains were at present being run on Sundays from Melbourne to Williamstown and Essendon.. The primary duty of the Government was to seo to tho convenience of the public, and they could do 110 moro without being chargeable with "hypocrisy.—Telegraph. " Up a Thee."—Ono day last week, in the afternoon, a man in the employ of a farmer residing within a few miles of Maitland, went for a walk in tho bush, accompanied by a dog. Nothing occurred of note till tho dog started a paddv-mcllon, and followed it up a hollow tree. The man watched the pursuit with some interest, but as the dog did not return, he began to be anxious, and went to explore the tree There was no sign of tho dog, and so lie entered the cavity in search, forcing his body up the hollow. Alas! the reward of his in<rccpidity was that when he endeavoured to release lumself, lus clothes puckered about his arms and shoulders, and he stuck fast, nor did his struggles avail to free liim. " Loud, deep, and long, he bellowed he cursed and prayed alternately, but still ho remained fairly embarked 111 that relentless trunk and acknowledged to himself that lie was m a piteous case. From 3 o'clock in tho afternoon of one day till 7 o'clock in tho next morning, he (was securely fastened, and then some young men who were abroad were fortunately attiacted. bv his cries, and extricated him hy sawing portions from each side of the trunk. He was none the worse for liis imprisonment, and was able to rate his deliverers soundly for not coming belore. —Maitland Mercury. More Railways.—A Daylesford railway meeting has "risen as one man" in favor of a proposition, "that the importance of railway communication between Daylesford and Melbourne and the main line be firmly impressed upon the Government." The borough council is to take the impressive action in the business Avoca too, has risen and resolved to invite the people of the town and neighbourhood "to form themselves into a railway league for the Purpose of securing railway extension to the Avoca district.' . A Strange Visitor to Windsor Castle.— A strange visitor presented liimsolf a few days ago. It appears that a person of respectable appearance and of middle age, arrived at Windsor from London about one o'clock by the Great Western Railway, and at once proceeded, carrying a box, portmanteau, and a rug, to tlio Gastle. On being stopped by a police- officer on duty, he made the startling announcement that he had received instructions to attend at the Castle for the purpose of making arrangements for burying the Princess Beatrice, and that he written to Her Majesty upon the matter. The officer, having doubtless had experience of previous visitors suffering from various forms of mania, informed him that happily his services wore not required, and politely saw him on his way back to London by train. Rival Newspapers.—There will bo lively times in Maryborough for awhile. The Standard, a new paper, has appeared, and acuses the Advertiser of spreading the doctrines of " free love" and "modem spiritism." The Advertiser retorts thus:—" We shall nail this lie to the counter with just as little pity as wo should any other bit of counterfeit coin put into circulation by a literary smasher." Another Maniac at Windsor Castle.— Recently the authorities at Windsor Castlo received a letter from ail American gentleman, stating that on Saturday, the 22nd March, lie would arrive at the palace at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, with the object of claiming certain rights. Punctually to the moment the gentleman V,l.5uostion made his appearance, and, of course, claimed ' heV~"Mf<fec. Police officer on jlutv., He mother, and alledged that when a Yi'oy in Germany the Queen had informed him of the fact. When told that if ho remained there he would possibly be placed in a lunatic asylum for his life, lie intimated his intention of at onco returning to America. A police constable took him to the South-western station, and saw him off by the 4.15 p.m., train. The poor fellow said he should visit Westminister Abbey on Sunday, go to Hampton Court on Tuesday, and then return to New York. Spiritism.—The Castlemaniacs have not yet given up ghosts. The Harbinger of Light says —" Mr. P. is now experimenting in a systematic manner, admitting only one or two visitors at a sitting." This is wise, especially if the one or two be not scoffers. There is success already, " for a beautiful tenor" has been heard in the air, a washhand basin, a leg of mutton, a hat, and an American clock, have been brought in by the ghosts. The mutton was dropped into a mining agent's hand, and the hat was dropped on its owner's head, " causing some trepidation." If the ghosts were honest ghosts, they would, we may suppose, drop their legs of mutton into the laps of hungry poor pcoplo, and not give them to well-fed mining agents. Personating Madame de Stael.—A practical joke which Augustas Hare assisted in playing upon the University was at the time when Madame de Stael was at the height of her celebrity. It was announced that she was in England and was about to visit Oxford, where she had an undergraduate friend. For a few weeks the undergraduate, who was to be so highly honoured, became an object of universal interest. At length it was noised abroad that the great lady had arrived, and under the extraordinary circumstances, and to meet so illustrious a guest, the undergraduato ventured to invite several of the heads of houses, and even the "Vice Chancellor himself, to meet lier at breakfast. The party assembled, Madame de Stael was there, akd so charmed everybody by her grace, wit, and brilliancy, that they all went away feeling that they had found lier even more than they anticipated. It was not till many weeks after that it was discovered that she had never been in Oxford at all, and that she had been ropixacntoil hy a clever undergraduate, who had resided for many years in France.— | u memorials of a Quiet Irfc" Augustus J. C, i Hare. 