RUTH HALL. Chapter VIII. THE NUUSK. Ruth's nurse, Mrs, JifF, was fat, elephan tine, and unctuous. Nursing agreed with her. She had ' tasted' too many bowls of wine whey on the stairs, tipped up too many bottles of porter in the closet, slid down too many sttpp-e-py- oysfcers before handing tli^cn_ to _' her lady,' not to' do credit to her pantry devo tions. Mrs. Jiff wore an uncommonly stiff gingham gown, which sounded, every time .she moved, like the rustle of a footfall among the withered leaves of uutuinn. Her shoes were new, thick, and creaky, and she Imd a wheezy, dilapiduted-bollowsy way of breath ing, consequent upon the consumption of the above-mentioned porter and oysters, which was intensely crucifying to a sick ear. Mrs. Jiff always ' forgot to bring' her own comb aud hair brush. She had a way, too, of opening drawers und closets ' hy mistake,' thereby thiowing her helpless victim into a stato of profuse ^respiration. Then she would go to sleep between the andirons, with the new baby on the edge of her knew, in alarming proximity to tho coals ; would take a pinch of siiiitl' over the bowl of gruel in the corner, and knock down the shovel, poker, and tongs, every lime she went neur the fiie ; whispering — sh — sh — sh — at the top of her lungs, »s she glanced in tho direction of the bed, as if its demented occupant were the guilty cause of the accident. Mrs. Jiff had not nursed five-and-twenty years for nothing. She purticularly affected taking cure of young mothers, with cheir first babies; knowing very well that her chain shortenud with every addition to maternal experience ; she considered herself, therefore, quite lucky iu being called upon to superin tend little Daisy's advent. It did occasionally cross Ruth's mind as she lay, almost fainting with exbaustioD, on the pillow, while the ravenous little Daisy cried, 'Give, give,' whether it took Mrs. Jiff two hours to make one cup of tea, and brown one slice of toast ; Mrs. Jiff solacing herself mean while, over an omelette, in the kitchen, with Betty, and pouring into her ready ears whole histories of ' geu'lmuen as wasci'c gen'lerueD, whose ladies she nursed,' and how ' nobody but heiself know how lats they did came home when their, wives were sick, though, to be sure, she'd scorn to tell of it V Sometimes, also, Ruth innocently wondered if it was necessary for the nurse to occupy the same bed with ' her lady ;' particularly when her circumfer ence was us Behemoth-ish, and her none as musical as Mrs. Jiff's ; and whether there would be any impropriety iu her asking her to take the babe and keep it quiet part of the night, that she might occasionally get a nap. Sometimes, loo, she considered the feasibility of requesting Mrs. Jiff not to select the time when she (Ruth) was sipping her chocolate, to comb out her ' false front,' and polish up her artificial teeth ; and sometimes aha mar velled why, when Mrs. JifF paid sash endless visits to tbe kitchen, f-he was always fixed as the North Star whenever dear Harry came into her chamber to have a conjugal chat with her. Chapter IX. FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS OF THE MOTHEB-IN-LAW'S CHARACTER. 'How do you do this morning, Ruth V said the old lady, lowering herself gradually into a softly-Ciishioned '. arm-chair. 'How your sickness has altered you! You. look like a ghost ! I shouldn't wonder if yon lost all your hair ; it is no uncommon thing in sickness; or your teeth either. How's the baby 1 She don't favour our side of the house at all. She is quite a plain child, in fact. Has she any amyptoms, yet, of a sore mouth ? 1 hope not, because she will communicate it to your breast, and then you'll have a time of it. I know a poor, feeble thing once, who died of it. Of course, you intend, when Mrs. Jiff leaves, to take care of the baby yourself; a nursery girl would be very expensive.' ' I believe Hurry has already engaged one/ said Ruth. 'I don't think he has,' said the old lady, sitting up very straight, ' because ic was only this morning that the doctor and I figured up . , the expense it would be to you, and we unani mously came to the conclusion to tell Harry ' ' that you'd better take care of the child your self. I always took care of my babies. You ? ?' CortttMMxl oi» fifth -a«ft- :'i:'.','.''J':':\:.[.. oughtn't to have mentioned a nursery girl, at all, to Harry.' ' He proposed ifc himself,' replied Ruth ; ' he said I was too feeble to have the care of the child.' ? ??: 'Pooh!' pshaw! stuff! no such thing. You are well enough, or will be before long. Now there's a girl's board to b'egiu with. \- Servaut- girls eat like bnn-constrictors. Then, there's the soap and oil hIio'11 waste; — oh/ the thing isn't to be thought of; it is perfectly ruinous. If you hadu't made a fool of Harry, he never could have dreamed of it. You ought to have sense enough to check him, when he would go into such extravagances for you ; but some people haven't any sense. Where would all the sugar, and starch, and soap go to, I'd like to know, if we. were to have a second girl in the houseJ ? How— leng would the wood-pile, or pitch-kindlings, or our new cop per boiler last1? An'l who is to keep the back gate bolted, with such a chit Hying in and out?' 'Will you please hand me that camphor bottle?' said Ruth, laying her hand upon her throbbing forehead. 'How's ray little snowdrop to-day ?' said Harry, entering Ruth's room ' as his mother swept out ; ' what ails your eyes, Ruth ?' said her husband, removing the little hands which bid them. ' A sudden pain,' said Ruth, laughing gaily ; ' it has gone now ; the camphor was too strong.' Good Ruth ! brave Ruth ! Was Harry deceived 1 Something ails his eyes now ; but lluth has too much tant to notice it. Oh love; thou skilful teacher ! learned be yond all the wisdom of the schools. ClIAl'TEH X. RUTH'S COUNTHY HOME. 'Ton will be happy here, dear Ruth,' said Harry ; 'you will be your own mistress.' Ruth danced about, from room to room, with the careless gless of a happy cliild, quite forgetful that she was a wife and a mother ; quite unable to repress the flow of spirits con sequent upon her new-found freedom. Ruth's new house was about five miles from the city. The approach to it was through a lovely winding lane, a little off ttie'Tniiirr rftfid, skirted on either side by a thick grove of lin den and elms, where tlio wild gtape-vine leaped, clinging from branch to branch, festooning its ample clusters in prodigal profusion of fruit age, and forming a dense shade, impervious to the most garish noon-day heat ; while beneath, the wild brier-rose unfolded its perfumed leaves in the hedges, till the bees and hum ming-birds went reeling away with their honeyed treasures. You can scarce see the house for the droop ing elms, half a century old, whose long branches, at every wid-gust swept across the velvet lawn. The house is very old, but Ruth says, 'All the better for that.' Little patches of moss tuft the sloping roof, and swallows and martens twitter round the old chimney. It has nice old-fashioned beams, running across the ceiling, which threaten to hump Harry's curly head. The doorways, too, are low, with honeysuckle, red and white, wreathed around the porches ; and buck of the house there is a high mill (which Ruth says must be terraced oil' the garden) surmounted by a gray rock, crowned by a tumbled- downold summer-house, where you have as a fine a prospect of hill and valley, and lock and river as ever a sunset Hooded with rainbow tints. It was blessed to see the love-light in Ruth's gentle eyes; to see the rose chase the lily from her cheek ; to see the old spring come back to her step ; to follow her from room to room, while she draped the pretty white curtains and beautified unconsciously everything her fingers touched. She could give an order without having it countermanded ; she could kiss little Dais)' ?without being called ' silly ;' she could pull out her comb, and let her cut Is flow about her face, without being consideied 'frivolous;' and, better than all, she could fly into her hus band's arms when he came home, and kiss him, without feeling that she had broken any penal statute. Yes ; she was free as the golden orioles ; whose hanging nests swayed to and fro, amid the gloomy gree leaves beneath her ?window. But not as thoughtless. Ruth had a strong earnest nature ; she could not look upon this wealth of sea, sky, leaf, bud, and blossom ; she could not listen to the little bilds, nor inhale the perfumed breath of morn ing, without a filling eye and brimming heart, to the bounteous Giver. Should she level in all this loveliness, — should her heart be filled to its full capacity for earthly happiness, and no grateful incense go up from its altar to Heaven ? And the babe 1 Its wondering eyes had already begun to seek its mother's ; its little lip to quiver at a harsh or discordant sound. An unpractised hand must sweep that heart of a thousand strings; trembling fingers must in scribe, indelibly, on that blank page, characters to be read by the light of eternity : the mater nal eye must never sleep at its post, lest the enemy rifle the casket of its gems. An I so, by her child's cradle, Ruth tint learned to pray. The weight her slender shoulders could not bear, she rolled at the foot of the cross ; and, with the baptism of holy tears, mother and child were consecrated. Chapter XI. RUTH AND DAISY. Time flew on ; seasons came and went, and still peace brooded, like a dove, under the roof of Harry and Ruth. Each bright summer morning, Ruth and the little Daisy (who already partook of her mother's love for nature) rambled, hand in hand, through the ?woods and fields, with a wholesome disregard of thoie city bugbears, sun, dew, bogs, fences, briers aud cattle. Wherever a flower opened its blue eye in the rock cleft ; wheiever the little stream ran, bubbling, and sparkling, through the emerald meadow ; where the golden moss piled up its velvet cushion in the cool woods ; where the pretty clematis threw the. graceful arms of youth round the gnaried trunk of decay ; where the bearded grain, swaying to and fro, tempted to its death the reaper ; where the red and white clover dot ted the meadow grass ; or where, in the damp marsh, the whip- poor-will moaned, and the crimson lobelia nodded its regal crown ; or where the valley smiled in its beauty 'neath the lofty hills, nestling 'mid its 'foliage the enow- white cottages; or where the cattle dosed under the broad green branches, or bent to the glassy lake to drink ; or where, on the breezy bill-tops the voices of childhood came up, sweet and clear as the far-off hymning of angels—there, Ruth and her soul's child loved tojinger. ... . ~Tt was beautiful, yet fearful, to mark the ?kindling; eye of - the child ; to Bee the delicate flush come and go on her marlilc cheek, and to feel the sileni pressure of her little hand, when this alone could tell the rapture Hhe had no words to express. Ah, Ruth! gaze not so dotingly on those earnest eyea. ICnow'st thou not, The rose that sweetest doth awake Will soonest go to rest. Chapter. XII. THE OLD FOLKS FOLLOW TUB YOUNG COUI'LE.— AS ENTEUTAIKING DIALOGUE. ' Well,' said the doctor, taking his spec tacles from his nose, and folding them up care fully in their leathern case — 'I hope you'll be easy, Mrs. Hall now that we've toted out here, bag and baggage, to please you, when I supposed I was settled for the rest of my life.' ' Fathers can't be expected to have as much natural affection, or to be as self-sacrificing, as mothers' said the old lady. ' Of course, it was some trouble to move out here ; but, for Harry's sake, I was willing to do it. What does Ruth know about housekeeping, I'd like to know 1 A pretty muss she'll make of it, if I'm not around to oversee things.' ' It strikes me,' retoited the doctor, ' that you won't get any thanks feu* it — from one side of the house, at least. Ruth never says anything when you vex her, bat there's a look in her eye which.- — well, Mrs. Hall, it tells the whole story.' ' I've seen it,' said the old lady, while her very cap-strings fluttered with indignation, ' and it has provoked me a thousand times more than if she had thrown a brickbat at my head. The girl is no fool, doctor. She knows very well what shn is about ; but diamond cut diamond, / say. Doctor, doctor, there are the hens in the garden. I waut that garden kept nice. I suppose that Ruth thinks no body CBn have flowers but herself. Wait till my china-asters and sweet peas con.e up. I'm going, over to-day to take a peep round her house; I wonder what it looks like? Stuck full of gimcracks of all sorts, I'll war rant. Well, I shau't furnish my beat parlour till I see what she has got. I've laid by a little money, and — ' ' Better give it to the missionaries, Mrs. Hill,' growled the doctor ; ' I tell you, Ruth don't care a pin for what you have in your parlour/^' ' Don't you believe it,' said the old lady. ' Well, anyhow,' muttered the doctor, 'you can't get the upper hand of her in that line — i.e., if she has a mind that you shall not. Harry is doing a very good business ; and you know very well it is no use to try to blind your eyes to it, that if she wanted Queen Victoria's sceptre, he'd manage to get it for her.' ' That's more than I can say of you,' ex claimed the old lady, fanning herself violently ; 'for all that I nsed to mend your old saddle bags, and once made, with my own hands, a pair of leather small-clothes to ride horseback in. Forty years, doctor,' I've spent iu your service. I don't look much as I did when you married me. I was said then to have ' woman's seven beauties,' including the 'dimple in the chin,' which I see still re mains ;' and the old lady pointed to a slight indentation in her wrinkled face. ' I might have had him that was Squire Smith, or Pete Packer, or Jim Jesaup. There wasn't one of 'em who had not rather do the chores on our farm, than on any other in the village.' 'Pooh, pooh,' said the doctor, 'don't be an old fool ; that was because your father kept good cider.' ^ Mrs. Hall's cap-strings wete seen flying the next minute through the sitting-room door ; and the doctor was heard to mutter, as she banged the door behind her, ' That tells the whole story !' CuAXTEIl XII L THE OIjD WOMAN'S SUimEPTlTIOUH VISISTO RUTH'3 AND IIEIt ENCOUNTER WITH DINAH. 'A summer-house, hey!' said the old lady, as with stealthy, cat-like steps, she crossed a small piece of woods, between her house and Ruth's ; 'a summer-house ! that's the way the money goes, is it? What have we here? a book ;' (picking up a volume which lay half- hidden in the moss at her feet), ' poetry I declare ! the most frivolous of all reading ; all pencil marked ; and here's some, thing iu Ruth's own handwriting — that's poetry, too — woiseand worse.' ' Well, we'll see how the kitchen of this poetess looks. I will go into the housa the back way, and take them by surprise ; that's the way to find people out. None of your company faces for me.' And the old lady peered curiously through her spectacles, on either side, as she passed along to the kitchen door, and exclaimed, as lrer eye fell on the shining row, 'six milkpans! — wonder if they buy their milk, or keep a cow. If they buy it, it must cost them something ; if they keep u, cow, I've no question, the mirk is half wasted.' The old lady passed her skinny forefinger across one of the pans, examining her fore finger very minutely after the operation ; and then applied the tip of her nose to the inte rior of it. There was no fault to be found with that milkpan, if it was Ruth's ; so, scrutinizing two or three dish towels which were hanging on a line to dry, she stepped cautiously up to the kitchen door. A tidy, respectable-looking black woman met her on the threshold ; her woolly locks bound with a gay-striped bandanna, and her ebony face shining with irresistable good humour. ' I Ruth in 1 ' said the old lady. ' Who, missis ? ' said Dinah. ' Ruth.' ' Missis Hall lives here,' answered Dinah, mith a puzzled look. ' Exactly,' said the old lady ; ' she is my son's wife.' ? ' Oh ! I beg your pardon, missis,' said Dinah, curtseying respectfully. ' I never heard her called Ruth afoie ; massa calls her ?bird' and 'sunbeam.'' The old lady frowned. ' Is she at home ?' she repeated with stately dignity. ' No,' said Dinah, ' missis is gone rambling off in the woods with little Daisy. ' She's powerful fond of flowers and things. She climbs fences like a squir'l ! It makes this chil' laf to see the ol' farmer's stare at her.' ' You must have a great deal to do here ; ' said the old lady, frowmg ; Ruth isn't much of a hand at house-work.' ' Plenty to do, missis, and willin' hands to do it. Dinah don't care how hard she works if she don't work to the tune of a lash ; and Missis Hall goes singing about the house, so that it makes time fly.' ?'Shu don't ever help you any, does she?' said the persevering old lady. ' Lor' blesa you ! yes, missis. She comes right in and makes a aie for Massa Harry, or cooks a steak jess' as easy aa she pulls off a flower; and when Dinah's cooking anything new, she asks more questions how its'a done than this chil' kin answer.' ' You have a great deal of company, I sup pose; that must make you extra trouble, I should think ; people riding out from the city to supper, when you are all through and cleared away ; don't it tire you ? ' ' No ; Missis Hall takes it easy. She laf merry, and says to the company, ? you get tea enough in the city, so I shan't give you any ; we had tea locg ngo ; but here's some fresh milk and raspberries and cake ; and if you can't eat that, you ought to go hungry.' ' 'She irons Harry's shirts, 1 suppose?' said the old lady. 'She? s'pose dis chil' let her? when she's so careful, too, of ol' Dinah's bones?' 'Well,' said the old lady,- foiled at all points, ' I'll walk over the house a bit, I guess; 1 won't trouble you to wait on me, Dinah ; ' and the old lady started on her ex ploring tour. ? To It Continued. 