Trae t« B**Helf. BT PaBDEEICK W. ROBINSON. Chaptkk ir. KU CBIVBIT. Hetty Deerham had oue dependant on uer bonuty~ in Baratoft, who was somewhat of a mystery to her, and whose character had at tracted her in a great degree. Hetty had been surprised by her on the first occasion at her villa in the winter time, when a tall, pale, wretchedly-clad woman had solicited the favour of an interview and been shown iuto her |jrca ?ace. 6ho was a atruger to Hetty, but in an odd, abrupt way that was not intended to convey in civility, she had asked if any situation could be given her in that . hous«-, or if there were in Barstoft any place vacant to which an konest and industrious woman (on«s not afraid of work), she added— could be called upon Co fill. She would prefer to enter Misb Deerham'a serricc, but with a coolness that would have been aniusiug had she looked less suffering from privation, she/idded that anything orauy where would do for her. M1' Have you been told to come here ?' asked Hetty. SUNo, she had not. She knew no one in Bars toft. She had heard of Miss Deerham from Somebody or some one whom she had forgotten and had walked from Ch«stwich to Wulston. to I find Wolston House in tht- bauds of fresh people, who had given her Hetty's ad iross. ' It is not my cub torn to relieve strangers,' said Hetty ; 'und it is singular tbat, knowing nothing of me, and being foreign to this place or county, you should have taken all this ' trouble to discover me.' ' I fancied tbat you were one to help a woman cast down as low as 1 am,1' was the slow answer, ' I was told ue-.' ' What has cast you down ?'' ' Lots of things,' replied the w?nian crudely, ' bad lack, a bad hunbaud, and a bad temper altogether.'* '? Where is your husband f ' '? Abroad.' ' He has deserted you ?' '? ' Tes, said the woman. '? I doa't think that I shall ever bear from him again.' ' Have you no character ?' ' Not now, I tried to get one from wy last place ; but I had been away too long, they aaidand then T hadlos t my good looks which made a barmaids situation easy to procure at once. They'll come round, perhaps, when I get bet ter, if I ever get better, if I Ve patience - if me and my baby don't make a jump into the water presently.' 'Don't talk like that,' said Hetty, indig nantly. ' Here U money — get food for your self and child, if you are not imposing upon me.' The woman did not take the money immedi ately, but scowled at the silver iu Hetty's hands before she stretched 'forth her own hand towards it. '.Thank you,' she said at last : ' but I wanted a regular place, not money, though this puts off star .ation for a day or tnro. Thank yon,' she said again, more gratefully. ' Where is your baby now P' 'There's a woman in the Salt Score minding it till I get back again. The cold nips at ycung ones of that age.' ' How old is your child P' ' Six mouths. It wastbrn six nienths after I left — after my husband left me, 1 should say. That makes a year altogether that I have stood this life.' ' What is youv name f ' Kelsey.' 'And you are lodging in Salt Score— at whose house t ' ' Oh, at no house that a lady like you would know. The woman's name is Given.' ' A laundress. I know her very well.' The woman who had applied for a situation in ao strange a way was surprised the next day by a visit from Hetty Deerham. The story of her distress and her baby was true enough, and Hetty was the more inclined to beliere the rest of her statement. The woman was hard and eccentric, and began to interest her; and the affection that she showed for her child — a pretty dark-eyed girl wasting away for want of proper sustenance— was not likely to ba unob served by Hetty. ' You are ill and want rest,' said Hetty; and before she left her that day she had arranged with Mrs. Green for a week's lodging and board for the wanderer and child. At the end of the week she found Mrs. Kelsey assist ing Mrs. Green in her laundry bnsmesg — whick that lady had opened under difficulties after her husband had been drowned at sea. — and assisting with considerable energy, and hearti ness. ' I'm strong enough to do a bit of work now,' said Mrs. Kelsey ; ' I ain^t afraid of work aa I've aaid before, though 1 have been above it j» my time, and' the sea. air agrees with little Mia me so well, that I shall stop here if 1 can.' ** With little Minnie !' repeated Hetty, going ?oftly to a bundle on the chair*, and looking at the sleeping child' iu iu midst. 'What makes you call' her Minnie?' 'The woman oolonred, *nd worked more energetically. ' Oh, I don't know, hardly. It's i pretty same, ain't it, Miss ! aud 1 knew a girl named Minnie once.' ' Not Minnie Garth ?' cred Hetty, impuls ively ; ', oh, no, that could not be !' 'No. It was a Miimie Smith, a niece of mine.' 'Ah, very likely,' said Hetty, absently, as she looked down at tbe child. Hetty did not lose sight of Mrs. Kelsey after this. The woman remained at Barstoft, iiud proved herself honest and industrious. Mrs. Green and she went into partnership before the summer came in vriifch we take up the story of our characters, and Hetty paid some thing for Mrs. Kulsey's shar» in the good- will, and was rewarded by Mtw. Kelsey 'a blessing. Still, though Hetty admired honesty aud in dustry as well as most folk, and was pleased to discover that the woman who had visited her in so strange a way was not an impostor, uue did not admire altogether Mrs. Kelsey's char acter. Mrs. Kelsey became more irriubl^ sis she grew stronger in herself ; she was not un grateful for past f avout-8, but she had a pecu liar way of showing her gratitude, aud did not always Agree with her partner. Her temper was variable, in fact, though it was enon over, Mrs. Green asserted, and the sight of her baby would always bring her round, and reduce her io tears. It was this Mm. Kftlsey wbo, in the blight summer weather that we hare (ipokeu of at WoUton, surprised Hetty Deorham once mure. Hetty was sitting at her open window in tbi' twilight which had stolen upon sea and laud, when Mrs. Kelsey came up the sl.ipiug ground towards the house. The night w;i- very Rtill : the band had done playing on the pier ; m^t of the Barstoft visitor* had gone home t-- tbi'ir todgings; there were a few Lutercro on the Esplanade, which Hetty could see from her win dow; the lamps in the street* aud on the musU of ships at anchor and in the light-house at the pier-head were all lighted, and the etaru were shimmering peacefully from tbe deep blue vault above her. Mrs. Kelsey was else upon the win dow before Hetty *aw her. She emiu- round to the open window and across the lawn and flower-beds, in lieu -.f pro ceeding by the path to the street-door, and hence emerged in ghost-like, fashion upon the maiden dreaming there. Hetty gave a little ?cream, and then said, very nnromantically— ' Good gracious ; who is it ?' 'Don't be afraid, miss,' said Mrs. Kelsey -' ' but I'm going away from here, and I didn't like tefgo without saying good-bye^to you, and warning you of something.' ?' Going away, where?' j£ I don't know myself, nobody knows,' she rewied ; ' may I come in for a moment ? ' ^Yes ; I will ring for lights,' said Hetty ; 'come in.' Mrs. Kelsey entered, and Hetty closed the window without drawing down the blind, and' rang the bell. When the oil-lamp was brought in — the gas-company at Barstoft had not ven tured up the cliff after Miss Deerham'a custom —Hetty saw' that Mrs. Kelsey had a bonnet box suspended to one finger by a piece of twine and that her baby was huddled tightly in her arms and .warmly wrapped up from the night air. '?Why are you going away like thisf' asked Hetty. ' I'm afraid to stay,' said Mrs, Kelsey in reply ; '? for I've had a deal to trouble me of late, and it's approaching closer and closer every day.' ?' You have quarrelled with Mrs. Green again P' ' No, I ain't,' answered tho woman ; ' Mrs. Green is not a bad sort of woman, though not brought up as I've been, and she won't know tilt to-morrow tbat I've packed up and stole off. She's in bed; she -*an sleep easy and sound, and I can't.' 'And you do not knaw where you are going P' ' No.' ' Nov with what object P' '? Only with an object to Jget away from my husband, who's broke lose ; and he's so awful a man that I daren't never face him any more,' Mrs. Kelsey replied. ' Broken lose !' said Hetty, wonderingly ; ' What do you mean ?' ?' I was half a mile from the town when I thought that I would come back and tell you, and for all you have done iu helping me, thank you in my rough way again,' continued the woman. ' Where has your husband been ?' ' In prison,' she replied. ' It isn't as if he had got loose, and might not light upon me, for he escaped a month, ago, and I learned all about it in a funny waythat I will tellrra in a minute, if you don't mind listening ; but it is that he has worked bis way as far as Wolston after me, just as if he knew that I was here.' ' Yes, yes,' said Hetty, with a little natural impatience ; ' but what is this man to me ? Why should you warn me ii him.' 'If you please, bis name is Baretti; Paulo Baretti ; the man who took Minnie Garth away and has become, (they say so in the French papers) more of a devil than a man. Though he was that before, 1 think,'1 added the woman reflectively. ' Oh yes, he was very like a devil.' ' Paulo Bavctti, your husband.' cried Hetty. ' Why have you deceived me all these months P' ' I will tell you im a minute. I'm out of breath with carrying the baby, which grows, thank God, so big and heavy. I called her Minnie after the girl who saved me, now you know alL' ' Saved you,' said Hetty. ' Ah ; ask her to tell you that,' replied the W'lnian, cowering over her child ; ' it's too long and hard a story for me. Didn't you hear me say that he was close on Barstoft P — won't you warn Minnie's father as I've warned yon? He does not like John Garth — he never did,' ' Yes ; I will write presently, when I hear from OoloDtl Garth or his daughter again. But youare needlessly excited. Your husband may not even come to Baratoft.' 'He may not, but ? ha!' she screamed out with a suddeness that froze Hetty's blood in her veins, ' look there — at the window — there he is !' Chaptee tu. THE OLD SHADOW. Although Mrs. Baretti had been sitting with kor back to tho window, it was she was tbe first tu behold a wild face, horrible in its repulsive ness, pressed against the glass, in an eager in teutness to peer into the room. ' Since the day site had left her husband Bhe had had a norvous and uncomfortable habit of looking over her shoulder, and a fear of being taken by surprise that had increased as time went on rather than diminished. If Paulo had beard Minnie's story, if he had resented her departure from a house to which he had never returned, he would surely kill her* when they met again.' This had keen her conviction and her one absorbing fear, though she was a penitent woman ia her way, and tbe past life with Baretti was like a hideous dream. Seeing him thus suddenly, .however,' she had felt at once very -lose to that dark life again. . . Betty bad^seen the face ' as plainly as Mrs. Baretti before it had receded, and though dis posed to allow a good deal for, the nervous f eari of her visitor, there was but little doubt of the identity. There were few countenance* as grim aud forbidding as Paulo Baretti's. She had only seen it once in life, in the drawing reom of Wolston House, when he had called for An tonio, and Minnie had gone mad ; but it had haunted her since, and its lineaments had been graven deeply on her recollection. The small glittering eyes, the half-open mouth with the large teeth gleaming therein, the low forehead, the dark-greenish complexion, the one unruis ttk&ble; and forbiddiug expression wereall there to suggest danger, to presage perhaps some new trouble which this creature of evil omen always brought with him. With the past he was terribly associated. Hetty khow who had opened Wolston Bridge, aud whose life was aimed at on that night ; she had heard at last bow Antonio iiud charged his father with the crime on Barstof t pier, and how Pnulobad con fessed that the aci,was done in drunken malice. Hence Paulo Baretti hod become a something aa terrible to Hetty Deerham as to bi». second wife, 'and, despite her natural courage, she trembled at the shock of the surprise. '? It was Paulo — was it not ? You saw him too P1' asked Mrs. Baretti, eagerly. ' Yen, it was lie, 1 thiuk. But what does be want in Barstoft ?' she added, very nervously ; '? and what harm can he do you or me P ' ''? Oh, 1 cannot tell,' replied the woman. 'He will be sure to do harm to some one until be is found aud they lock him up again. It's hie UHture, Miss Deerham, to do harm.' Hetty Deerham had now recovered her com pcipure. 'I am not afraid of him,' she said. ' That's :ill very well,'1 was Mrs. Raretti's remark ; ?? but what is to become of me. 1 dare not set foot outside the door to-night. He knows I urn here, he has been watching me.' 'Your fears are probably deceiving you,' said Hetty ; ' but remain here till the morning if y/u wish.' ' Thank you,' responded Mrs. Baretti, with alacrity. 'I think I will.' She took off her bonnet and shawl, while Hetty, with commendable precaution, drew down the blind of the window, mid closed the bhutters upon the starlit iiiyrir without. When Hetty had relunji-d to her seat Mrs. Bnretti had made herself quite at home — so much at home, that Heity was dinpowd to suiile at tbe position which Purlin's wife had eo quickly afsiimed. Mrs. £;-tetti, with her baby sleeping across her lap. had produced some needlework from her pocket, and like an indus trious woman to whom time was money, jhad begun stitching with no small alacrity, She was a woman always disinclined to waste time, and the thought of going down-stairs to the servants had not evidently* suggested' itself. She had taken it for gramted that she wai a fit companion for the heiress, and, even if she had not much to say to her, or much to explain, she would not have offerea to retire from Hetty's drawing-room. The fugitive splendour of her misery had left its impression with Fanny Ba retti, and, amidst all the grim antecedents, of her married life with Paulo, there was the satisfaction of remembering .that she had been a lady in their midst, had had magnificent apartments, private and public, and had been called m&dame; and my lady inter continental tour. What Paulo Baretti had called her was quite another thing ; and though, in striking the balance of her predilections, she would have preferred laundry-work down a narrow turning in the ancient portion of Barstoft town to the brightest portion of her paBt life with Paulo, still she took pride unto^ierseW that she had been a lady once— and once a lady was always a lady in her estimation. Hetty sat and studied her. She was a woman worth studying, if not one to greatly admire or take to. Under, other circumstances, and with even a husband tolerably kind, Hetty could imagine that she would have made a cheerful and industrious wife, with no fine feel ing, possibly, and not invariably good-tempered or quite truthful, but still a tolerable wife. Mrs. Baretti looking up from her work, found Hetty Deerham surveying her intently. (TO BE COKTINTTEto.) 