THE ABORTIVE CAPE MAIL ROUTE. ' Anglo- Australian,' in the European Mail, gives tbe following amusing [sketch of a meeting on the Cape Mail route : — A curious meeting was held at the Cannon-street Hotel on May 19. I say ' curious,' because some fifty or sixty gentlemen topk the' trouble to give attendance for the sole purpose of.affirming an abstract resolution to the effect ' that this meeting, consisting of merchants, landowners, and others interested in the colonies of Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, are ot opinion that the establish ment of a line of steamers to convey the mails, passengers, &c.;, from England to Melbourne in the space of forty two days, via the Cape of Good Hope, will be a great boon to the colonies ; would be largely made use of by passen gers and shippers, and would greatly increase the traffic between Great Britain and Australia.' The chair was occupied by Mr. Lauglilin MacKinnon, and Mr. George Collins Levey addressed the meeting at some length on the advantages to shippers, to the. colony, and to emigrants of bugIi a service as that contemplated. Colonel Palmer seconded the resolution, on the ground that such a line of steamers would greatly benefit the colonies. As the conservative character of the resolution left nothing to he discussed, it was difficult- to define the object for which we had assembled, ; It. required no ghost to come from the grave to tell us a manifest truth. To the mercantile world Australia is anything but the terra incognita that it was. To vouch, therefore, that speedy and regular communication, by whatever route it could he obtained was highly desirable, was but to tell us what we all knew, and what indeed was patent upon the face of it. The meeting was therefore curious, inasmuch as it was invited to feast off a skeleton. There wasj very little to say— indeed, nothing— if one kept within the bounds of the resolution, for while it was of an abstract character, it had the peculiar virtue of truth, if it lacked the merit of consistency. Inthis respect it may be called a hybrid resolution. It would be within tbe scope of the resolution to say that it was desirable to get to Melbourne viathe:Cape inforty-two day's, but you were called to order and asked to confine yourself to -the question if you ventured to discuss how it was to be done. ' The thing to affirm was that it was desirable, and the ' fun of the fair ' ' was to observe the struggles a.lot of practical men made to say something that should be more than a mere affirmative, and how they were brought up by the worthy and good tempered chairman when they got—not out of their depth, but beyond the limits of the resolution. Mr. Youl warned the meeting not to expect too much, and advised any pos sible promoters of a company to go in for emigrants and cargo, because if they showed they could do the service in fovtv-two days, they would inevitably carry the mails and secure the subsidy. Another gentleman pointed out that the voyage could not be done in the time, 'and if it could that it would never pay ; ; whereupon Mr. Bow man said that Victoria had nothing to do with that ; what they wanted was the service. It was a matter of no moment to them how much money was lost in the concern so long as Victoria got what she wanted. I cannotsay that the rest of the Victorians present cheered this selfish idea. As colonists, we remembered that we were in Cannon-street, and we also reflected that we would not have cheered it even in Melbourne. Men do not usually enter upon speculations with failure staring them in the face, but when they do undertakq difficult enterprises they haidly care to be told that there is no sympathy in store for them if they should fail. In the end the resolution vats approved, and the meeting separated. The service is therefore open to competition. Bat as yet I have seen no move on the part of any company to undertake it. It is clear that to do the service in forty-two days a vessel must have a large coal capacity, because she could not stop to coal after leaving any port in the United Kingdom until she reached the Cape. Some of the Union Co.'s steamers have made' tbe run from Southampton to Table Bay in 26 days, and I think one of the transports engaged in the Abyssinian war made the run out to Simon's Bay in twenty four days. Well, another knot an hour would result in the voyage being accomplished in twenty days, or there abouts. Then take a day at least for coaling and dispatch, and it is required that a vessel should maintain a speed of something like 16j knots to come within the scope ana intent of the resolution to which I have drawn your attention. If a company can be formed to do. this it will secure the postal service of the Cape as well as that of Australia. I fear, however, that while it is possible to ran the distance in the time stated, it will never pay until we can get a motive power out of the element upon which a vessel skims. 