THE DRAMA. After an almostunparallellcd successful run, Mr. Gilbert's classical drama of Pygmalion and Galatea is about to bo withdrawn from the boards of tho Theatre Royal. For al most four weoks this piece has hold posses, sion of tho stage, without losing any of its attraction or interest, and this, allowing for tho literary merits of Mr. Gilbert's produc tion, has of courso been owing to the effeo.- tive manner in whioh it has been put upon the stage, and to the dramatic talent dis. played by thosemembers of tho ThcatreRoyal company who took part in the performance. To Miss Carey's Galatea the greatest meod of proiso must be given. The bewilderment at finding the life'ejblood coursing through a form which a few short hours before she in tuitively knew -was nought but cold impas sible marble, her .expression or now-born love for the author of hor being, the passion of which is intensified by its very innocence, tho artless admiration of hor own charms, the delivering of Mr. Gilbert's truly poetical description of Bleep, tho horror at Leucippe's supposed deop dyed cruelty, her naive adven ture with Chrysos, and her self-sacrifice for the object of her love when, crushed by his cold words, she joins his hand with that of tho enraged wifeand once more mounts the pedes tal, woro all depicted with a force and close odheronce to nature which stamp Miss Carey as an artiste possessing genuine talent and rare ability. Tho exit in tho third act, when Galatea finds that tho love Pygmalionbrcathed for her wa3 hut tho sculptor's exultation fanned into a transitory flame by hor resem blance to Cynisca, was powerfully dramatic in its effect, and nightly elicited tho highest tribute of praise which falls to tho lot of an' artiste namely, that sympathy Whioh oxpressos far bettor tho feelings of an audicnco than mero boisterous applause or avalanches of bdiiqddts. Miss Shoppardo's delineation of tho fond wife and outraged Woman was excellent. . Tho prayer to Artemis to punish Pygmalion with blindness for his . incons tancy was delivored with force and with an appropriate gesture and facial expression that made .tho pictUfd of jealousy and vengeance realistic indeed. Tho speech in the third act Where Cynisca intimates that her bitter feelings will not die for lack of nourishment, was given With fire and feci, ing. Mr. Appleton'e . Pygmalion Was a careful performance, but lacked pathos, and that modulation of voice necessary to mark tho difference between tho lover carried away by the irresistible impulse of passion aud the husband conscious of his own in constancy. As Chrysos, the Athenian art patron who prices Btatuaryby the ton, Mr. Coppin has given another proof of his versatility, and must bo complimented on the mannor in which the vulgar comicality of the character was on the whole kept within judicious bounds. The 6thor charac ters, and especially that of Daphne, assumed by Mrs. Wooldridgo, were carefully played, Mr. Munro too, deserves credit for tho attention paid to the small part of Agesimos. The snccossof tho pieccto wes something also to Mr. Harwood, who, having seen it performed very recently in England, was ablo to givo numerous hints as to situations and readings, which could not prove otherwise than ac ceptable. Pygmalion and Galatea has been a source of gratification to many ; and while commending tho management for putting it on the stage, and congratulating the artists for tho success of their efforts to please, it is but natural to express a hope that the theatre-going community may soon "look upon its like again." The farces of a Case of Pickles and Cupboard Love have been per formed, and the laughter occasioned by teem is mainly owing to the flow of spirits and real humor displayed by Mr. John Dunn in the characters which ho assumed. On Monday evening some boys in the gallery attracted by the fire in Flinders-street rushed from the gallery during tho perfor mance, exclaiming fire, five. A panic en sued, the occupants of all portions of tho house rose from their seats, and a general exodus began. The action of the piece was stayod, but Mr. Appleton and Miss Carey bravely maintained their places upon the stage, the former vainly endeavoring to as sure the audience that there was no cause for alarm. Mr. Harwood then came for ward and stated there was no danger, and announced tho locality of the fire. He in timated that oven if the fire were in tho building, the arrangements for escape were so complete that the house could do emp tied in two or three minutes. Order was restored, and Mr. Harwood quitted the stage amidst applause. The piece then pro ceeded, Mr. Apploton and Miss Carey also coming in for a round of applause. Not long ago it had to be pointed out that audicncos by applauding in obviously wrong places materially interfered with the action and unity of tho pieco. The hint was taken, and lately thero has been no fault to find on this score. Another nuisance has, howover, now arisen, namoly, the launch ing of bouquets upon the stage at inoppor tune moments. It is no doubt gratifying to an ardent admirer of female histrionic talent to make his admiration conspicu ously public by throwing a bouquet just at the timo when thero iB nothing said or done to warrant such an outburst of approbation, and no doubt he thinks himself awfully clever in choosing a time when no other lady butthcobjectof his admiration is on thestago, so as to prevent any mistake of his floral token falling into other but the right hands. It should Be remembered, however, that it is absurd to throw bouquets when the per son for whom they are intended is in the middle of a speech, as the donor will gain nothing but the dissatisfaction of seeing his tribute, which he fondly hoped would, ex press to the intended reoipient the force 6f his feelings by the power of its grateful aroma, lie unheeded on the stage, withering under the heated influence of tho fopt-lighte. It cannot be pleasant to the unthinking swain to seo his bouquet lying npon tho boards as a sort of finger-post of his own folly until tho end of the piece, when it is taken from view in the folds of the carpet. Far more bitter would be the feelings of the donor if he only knew that his flowers in all proba bility would never reach the hands for which they were intended, but that they will be a prize for a stalwart carpenter, or grace toe chamber of an unromnntic super. Bouquets are all very well in their way, but must bo offered judiciously, and when opportunity . and occasion are com bined. Thoy aro intended to be tributes to talent, and not an ill-judged and public announcement of inane and individual ad miration. . ' On Friday Mr. Ireland made his appear ance for the first timo since his late serious' indisposition, when the performance of Robertson's comedy of School and Pyg malion and Galatea wero produced for ins benefit. The fulness of tho house was a sufficient proof of the estimation in which Mr. Ireland isheld by tho Melbourne public, and the recoption he met with was most flat tering. On Monday evening next commences the first of the series of Shakspcriim revivals, intended to introdnco thoso stars whom Mr. Harwood engaged during his lost trip to England. Hamlet will bo played this even ing, Mr. Fairclough playing tee part of the Prineo, and Mademoiselle Eugenie Legrand appearing as Ophelia. ; Mr. Ireland will play the King, Mrs. Steele tho Queon, Mr. Appleton Laertes, Mr. Stuart O'Brien Polonius, and Mr. Harwood the Ghost. This is a strong cast, and ono with which tho most exacting can find no fault. New sconery 'has been prepared by Mr. Hennings, and the costumes are entirely new, having been brought from England by Mr. Harwood. Mademoiselle Legrand ana Mr. Fairclongh will find that an Australian audience will give them a cordial reception, and will be ready to recognise morit to. the fullest extent. Last week the company of the Theatre Royal was increased by the arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Bclton and Miss Crawford, under engagement to the manage ment. Another professional, Mr. Guy on, also arrived, having come to the colonies in the hope of finding a fiold for the exorcise ef his profession. The Italian Opera season at the Prince of Wales Theatre commences this' evening, whon Donizetti's Luorezia Borgia; wite Signor. Susini as the Duke, will be produced. It will be found, that the alterations which have been made during tho' Bhort timo tho theatre has boen closed are greatly conducive to the comfort of the visitors, and havo at the some time materially improved tho acoustic properties of tho building. 