"'SPIRIT' PEIOTOGaAPHS-". A G. A. I N.. The notion that the photgraplier's camera could take.coanizan o.of objects invisible to the hutan eye has met withescant credence oi'tside'the circle of professed spiritualists, and..the.organs of: publiec opinion- ave- not. hesitated to denounce:the. alleged.manifesta tionsas iinpostures.. By no-section of" the. press have' these so-caled "'spiHt photo graphs" been more stronglycondemned: and. ridiouledlin.past:years than: by the, fritisf Journul of ?i' tc9gaphy.. It iis therefore un. doubtedly somewhat. startling. to find. this i Well-lknown. and' deservedly" respected periodical bepi:aning ii treatrthe sutlject as one wosthy of reientificatteiztion. In its. issue of July 11 isa, paper , bearing .the hieiding. of: "'S1it iti: Photography,"' fronm the pen of Mr John Beattie. an ex-pro fessional photographes of eminence, which we reprint for the, benefit' of our reader:-.. SIf .our'senses perceive.any phenome. inon we do not;'nderstandt, and so .trange tist our reason reluses to inquire into the likely causes of iiits, 'in such a ease, manifestly our duty to see, first,. that the new appearance is nut opposed to the known and clearly-demonstrated truth we are! already acquainted- with;: and, secondly, to make careful note of all relt ting to such aippearance, in'order.that. it it re occir, a sufficient number of times,.and at the same tine under the observation of a strict and free mindl, facts ctill I.econme plenitiful enough to point> the way to -the law o? laws upoln ihbich tlie- trange phe noinmeror depends. . It must: he obvious that if we refuse to sift and recitrd.appear ances-whichitake place,. on; tie ground tiht they mema to go against ounr expe rience, then little fresh ground.will, ever ie broken.. But what have the brains of our scientiefir men been empiloyed in doing dbring this century?'. \VhIy,. they have been umaking revelations. ,,ringing to light. and reducing to law and iasefulnes- prin-. ciples that eeinedl opposed toall' past, ex perience and knowledge. As, for instince. lo;.k t'the deep-seascundings~; the men so employed have tIroughtt to light facts th'at-have completely upset the notions held ot organic life in the sea, evenea fe v years ago.. " I make these remarks asoan, introdute titon to scrnie statemenllts I arml nsott to make rel.:ting to' some experiments- s a new branch of photUgrisphy, namely the powier or piossibilhy of' photu;ruphltg formsn ini-itble to oruanury eyesight,- un., that these forms indicate the presence of uns:eeu i.tellhgent l:eitgs of surne 'ort cotn Stolling the fors so plototgraphed. " Laetrear. at this timte, I. made a long serses of exr etimnents of the samet kind. The results ul tht? se experi meats hase as 'tonished itmany scientific tten both in this and other countri?s.. Many sntled and? eaid1 w:as self-drctised; all gae ite credit for truth, it lets tfor birains. 1 c"n assure my readers tlhat one thlni is trfe of me- Il altt3ys look right into e- erything. I ham pl. dged to nutlhig but truth ;. anti it 1 see a thing ta striaight 1 no n.iot aniy it is cruooued. uotilar expert. mn ts hIrae bt?e!n wadete by Ulaliy ltee int various p.rte of Atteitca ann Europe. . i.e have beerit ?Ucc?sltul, noll.e htt1v, failed, nr d cmnte, I beliere, were guilts of deceiving ilt l th atter. ly lat. yc.ars experiments I recorded at the time.. I will now ygie I l?rlly an account of my first experit;es t thil yeirt. " I, act,:mpuante bty a friend, called to see t pitfessa:utii uiain, it tion? e did Inot find tit it. bo. ItPing J>.l.ptorate 1. I oh serveCd--' T l: ttc lone ni ished to sco .11r fli'ason.. who is said to' have prodtuced ,-sirit ph,:to-raph-.' My friend agreed.t,1 A- ccompany tne, .and in a few mli.utei.?' ti:ne we were in a cab on our way fl, ilainowatr-r..ad. I f.,lty i,stru-:td my f.le id as tr. ke- epjint. my natme n.:kn.vwn t, ilr l!uit.,hn. My con.panionu lheii?s u unmate ,r phologralh-ir, hi w '-., easily ',lacherd sip-' on, thlI!t Piint. In a stlrlt tim': w...vere ar oslr tirs:inati.ii, ands. , s.aliay d.sch. geci, we., nit rcrti a respecra le-laok ing house. Tbhe'rrcm,.rtios-rn,.m seemed 1 .. us~al. in ordinary establishmenrts. A lady retoaskable in app earaice attended to us. She was mr.ost civil, modest, and un a-ssuming in her learing.. The head was broad set, indicating considerable balance of character. After some talk I asked if her father ever made expleraiments in spirit I pihotogsapby. She replied-' Yes; some ltimes.' Was he succcvful 2 ' Only occa sionally.' She had juest taken from a drawer some eamples to show us, when a Mir ludscu cate' into the room. I scanned him over from bead to foot., lie seemed about 5o years of age, of a san guinc-nervous temperament, much like a retired actor;. he possessed a good fronial brain, bl.t low n tml. the executive organs,. self-esteem, firmawss, and the instinct of persistence being alt defective-a man you would not take fur a deceiver, yet one yuu would suppose might be easily led. "Bu-at I End. I must be brief. ABfea sufficient conversation for us to understand each other, hesaid-'Do. you know tmy terms?'., answered '?o.' tie replied They are one giunea. and. F make lthree experiitnts. II -nothing comes on the plates !cannot helpl it.' The dlaughter I had told us that Mr Yo.rung had tried, and and had a complete failure. " I then said-I suppose you will allow ine" a. fuliebhasce,.along with, my friend,. of investigating the experiments as they proueen I lie answered 'Yes,' freely. WVe then went out to. a gaeden, and into as common a gfass, room as. ay I have been in for years.. It had all A.ahapedi roof, with. light on both sides. The side and roof lights were-curtained with.what once had been white but were now. yellow curtaiuo.. At onaes?d was a nackgrnnd painted seemingly in oil colour if the usual tint. This stood about 2ft fromt the wall, lea.iung ro mn fo? a: person.to sit or stand, in a pariaUlly dark state, behind it.. :At the other endi was the usual operating-room,. freely lighted with yellow light.. The bath was a common one,.made of porcelain, without case or lid. The camera was a well-worn bel lowe.nne,about 10 x 8, drawn in to suit a portrait lens of, about six.inches hack ficus.. All the machinery L most scrupu lously examined,. and. at the uamie time had the use of tmy frierd's eyes and other senses. L asked for the glass to be used, and I secretly marked it.. We saw it coated and prepared, "'lThe daugllter was to sit as the me dium.:: L said I wouldrather she would :stand by me than sit belhind the ground, which was asreed to. All being ready,.1 -sat profile to the backeround, in order .that I might see it, my fhtond at' tie same time controlling the expoture. The sitting occupied about one mitute. ' The result was a failure,, no ghost being e- then in atti-ndancr.. ' In the next experiment all' was the same,.exoept that the medium tat behind the backgrousnd. " (rr. the piture- beina developed a sit'ing figure besides myself came out in front of me, andP between the background and myself. I mtn-sit tingprofile in the picture; the figuor is in three-quarter positbin, in frcr of me, but altogether between me and the back Sground.. The figure is drapedlin black; with- a white-oldoured plaid over the bend, and is like both a brother and-a nephew of mine. This last point I do not press, because the face is-lke the face a. of a dead- person, and is unde"-lighted. "In my last trial-all, if possible; Sbeing :more strictly. attended to than be ' fore-,. and in the same place, relative to me-there camne out - a staunlingt female t. figure,. clothed with a black skirt, anit .having, a white-colored, thin,. linen e drapery,. something. like a aefawl in pattern, upon hir .houlders, over which ' profune miss- of black hair' loosely SIhung. The filure is in front sif me,.ard,. as it were, partially between me and She t- camera. "A thuottLI experiinent was-.tried1 in d which I di! all the work and my fitend is sIt, but there was no result. "I wish, if this basines-, be" allldkoep ' tion, someone would "manke a hole-' n' through it for me. Mlr Hludson was exceedingly careless as- to my doingsi h He left me in the dalsk nromt many ir minutes together, audithere was nothing II left nnexamined. Besides, in my.townt,. on Tuesday last, in usking a- series- of e experiments,. I. gt- results of a- singular e character, ut wlich I. will not publish r until they are a little further advanced.. e " Nuw to conclude:: if the f .ura e standing by me in the pictures were" ut e produced as [ have suggested (remem. I, bering their posaibility had been- titer Swise proved). I rl- ltt t kInow hbrow they it were Ither ;bat I- mstot state a- few ways d .by which they were ntot malde. T'hey I were not made by double exposure, n'r e by figures being pr. ji eteld in space in ally e way ; they were iot the result of mirrors; -they were not produced by aty. tmachi Is ilery ills the baclrkground,.behind it, aboive \- it, tP beiow it, nor by ally colttrirallce d cosnectedwith theobatlh, tile camera,, or the camera slide. r "IL apllg.se for taking up so much space with this matter,. but Ifhope tlhe Sinquiry will Interest some of yii?r e readers.- It may not alppear to be capable 't of commercial, application at once;, but Ssorely we are notlt tt meature- all klii-*,. ledge by tt,,t standard. If thre bhe e tiutli in this nmaltter, there is-no truth so I irolortarnt to cliur r.ce. ' t Upontthis report the editor of the journal 1 makes the following commentsr: " lu another oulouszs alr lesttic has de scribed some photographic e.pceriments of .an extraordiirary nature which have been o conducted ini his presnce, and has hinted at others which have been conducted by him self under other circumstaucca; Everyone Swho knows-Mr Seattie will give Hlim ample Scredit for beinug a tlhoughtful,, skiifnl, and mat telligenut ,hotograpler--one of the last men in the world to- bocailydeceived, athbastin matters relating to photography, andu on quite inoapable of deceiviug others ; and yet g Mr Beatti uomes-forward with a statemen i. resulting. frm experinents performuel by . himself or in his- presence, which, if it mean Saniything at all, meatls that there is, after all, really solnethiingi ii apl itphotography e at any rate, thsft figures alnd forms which were iot visible to those ill the studio, and which- were not produced by the opsaitor, have bocn develot,cd upon the plate w:thliqnito as nmuch; and in some instances more, vigour than the visible sitter. The main facta once admitted, the question e.riises--By what moans are these figures Sformed upon the collodin film ? 'lie first impulsive is to attribute it to a double ex Spoure on the part of Mr Hudson, the photo Igrpheir. But here a difficulty interpossca- MIr Hudson need not be present at all:; Sindeed it is but an act of Justice tothat t gentlmen to say that, when ste were trying experiments in his studio to dotcrmino the truth of the so-called " spirit" photography, we obtained entire possession of his dark t room, employi ourown rollodon and Ilates ndl at no time dnrin, tise preparation, cr pos:urr, or ileveloomnt io" ithe Ipict,:tlre wa.s Mr Hudson within lOft. of the camera or dark room. Applca.ances of an abnormal "kind did cartainly appear on several plates, Ibut by whatever means they were caused and on tuis we do nut intend at present to spck-th ohatogarapher had nothing what ever to do vitn their- producdion. Neituer" will the 'previously- used-plate 'theory apply in this case, for the phltes. were quit new, ar?L were obtained fr.,m Messrs jioseli a?l io. a few hours before they were us?.d aid apart from the fact of their never haringq been out of our possession, the p?ickage wa. only undone just before the operatiuas were commenced. A step-and a very sensible one-towards endeavouring to elucidate the mystery has, during the present week, been taken bySirCharleslsham-agentlemen as ho takes a very strong intermst in this subject. He has provided a binocular camera for the purpose of carrying on the experimcuts ; so that if any appearances 'are visible on the plates in future their exact relationship to the sitter will be more readily apparent than heretofore. W\e shall report the results of the experiments with Sir Charles's cameras, In the .o ,rna! of I'.atogriph of August 22, is a further contribution front M1r Beattie as follows : "L have to describe some experiments in, volving principles so complicated and new in their character that I am puzzled to see my way through what I am so anxious to do clearly, in order that there can be no mis take as to the true nature of the manifesta tions. I must therefore preface my descrip tion with the statement of a few facts. "Light inall its- conditions is invisible, and whether simple or compound, it possesses the power of rendering objects, but not itself, visible. If, for instat ice, what are called the invisible of ultra rays of the spectrum are made to fall upon certain sub stances,.and by. their impact have the period of their wave motion either heightened or lowered, they will render such substances the objects of vision.. In every case of visionit is some thing or substance that is visible,.and not the light alone which.is so. " Farther : if ;ision depend upon the re caiving textures of the mind being attuned to, or in harmony with, movements of a given exaltation, it is them. plain that, in so?me cases individuals will see some sub stances.to bhe luminous which to others may be completely invisible. In the usual way of experimenting upon the nature of light, we generally shut out, all light but that .'hich we are working upon,. and, by the use of a most beautiful and complicated set of instruments, we gain all the knowledge possible of its nature. That knowledge has taugh us that-invisibility and iutangiLility under ordinary circumstances are no proof of non-existence. Still farther : that know ledge has taught us that if luminous masses are- vissible only. to one or more in a com pany, and at the same time the said lum Inosity produces chemical action and heat, itis-not the ultra.rays condensed that alone produce such effect,. but it all depends upon. substance, or substances, being so formed, . condensed, or otherwise placed to.receive the impact of certain rays in. order to pro duce a given-result. " The above remarks will prepare the reader'si mind for my description. " I have for about six weeks, along with the same gentleman and under the same conditions, been conducting another series of the- same kind of experiments as were described.in the B ijtsh. J.,urnal of Photo. grphy last year. This time we have had results which, by bearing repetition, confirm all I then wrote about the question ; and we fiedtthat not only chemical action is evolved' but likewise heat. This time as before the failures far-exceeded the msccesses, but to take up as little of your. space as possible, I will only make you acquinnated with- the most interestiis-of the results. "The first experiment was;.as you.see, on one plate taking three exposures. There were two what are called 'mediums' present. One of them sat with his back to the camera facing the background ; the other opposite to him looking towards the camera. In every. case, as soon-as I' got the plate senaitleedanud put in the camera, I[.took my seat by the mediums, leavlug Dr Thompson to uncap- the lens-when required to do so. The medium next the background became entranced,, and- then by his influence he caused the other-to-pass intro some strange spiritual condition. Tbh?.condition, as will 'be seen, had anmost marvellous influence over his- power of- vision- The exposures were about two minutes. As soon as the lens was uneappedl ho used these words ;-' I see a .pale light all over-; F can hardly. see throogh it.' In the secon lihe said':-' New I see a luminous figure leaning to one side.' In the third :-' I again see the figure.' On de- velopment I found the first fogged ; the -econd. two contained: white luminous fi~ores, as minutely stated. "Another week after,. but the fourth manifestation, before the lens was'uncapped, and during the exposure, he described' a light-like purple crystal ricing from: the cen -tr of the table- so very bright !. It rises higher, and expands at theo top.' In the fifth he- saw ' the same light with. a peer shaped top.' In the sixth, he said :-' It :now is trying to form a croa n, throwing out pear-shaped points-and so bright ! I can hardly look.' On development I was as. tbnished to find it so, exactly as'stated. "In a- week after, and on the seventh manifestation, he described.' a light behind him coming from the floor.' In the eighth he-said, 'It rose up and over another per son's arms, coming from his own boots-' In the ninth he- said :-' lhere is the samno light, but now another column comes up through. the table, and it is hot to my hands.' Then he, as if lighltnin. had beeu shot into his eyes, exclaimed wilth great impulse-' \ hat a bright light up thlere Can you- not see it ?' pointiEg to It with his hand. You will see by the encloscd what camne on the plate whenldeveloped-how exactly it answers to the description. "On our next ovenihg we hmlad some strange experielces, but as I record here nothing but photographic facts that they may be embalmed in your colurmn for future resurrection, 1 leave alIout which would be considered. offensive in strictly acientitlie pages. " After many failures r had prepared the last plate forthe evening, and it was then a quarter to-8. As 0soo as all was ready, one mnediumn said he saw ois the background a black figure,. oid, andl putting out his hand ; the other mnedium saw a- light figure -oeach stating their exact position. On de veloping this plate there came out, but rather faint, the figures as ldescribed. I could not get them to pritt; I therefore made a.trans parenoy, and from it aneg-ative, in order to get printing power. You will see how strange the result is. The black figure evi doertly belongs to the sixteonth- century, is in mail, with long hair. The light figure is indefinite : in fact, the result is a negative pietlre to look at, "The next.andl last, although most sihguo Inar, can be described shortly. On one ex posure (the eleventh),a star or jet of light is seen, in theonext W enlarges, in.-be next it is describeld as a large sun, a little trans parent, and on a hand being held in it, it was found hot like the steam from a kettle. The fourth of this set was describedl as a berautiful sun, traosparent in the centre, and a head' similar to the on0 on a shilling being in it. On the development the descriptions were foullnd tobe perifcetlh correct. " I enclose you illustrartions of the above experiments. You. can see for yourself how curious they are. "Allow me little more space to say in so many welords that the explerimcnts above de scribed refuse to be pli:ced in any category of known phenomena. It is suggested by Dr Tholmpson-to get some of the bisulphate of quinine and try ifthie lumninosity canl be made visible to all. "But I cannot ask you for more space now, as I will have shortly to request you to grant me room to e::plain other experiments, and to cay something on their philosophy. I see no escape fromn thle spilritual thleory.' In a footnote-to AIr Beattic's commnnica tion the editor says :-" The singular speci mens accomnipanying this article are sn our office, and may he :een hby any person on applicatiou "' 