reality of my my midnight horror, there lay the nail and hammer as they had fallen from the grasp of the startled maniac or murder- ess in the tangled grass beside me. Then it was no vision, but had all occurred exactly as I saw it ! And now, what was I to do ? . As if to answer my perplexed queries on the subject, my cogitations were broken in upon by the sudden opening of the hut door, giving egress to the beautiful but terrible young girl, who came forward gaily singing, and bidding me good morning in a light happy tone, as though she were quite incapable of having entertained designs upon my life a few hours back. "I am afraid," said she, actively putting more logs upon the fire ; "I am afraid we talked a great deal of nonsense last night, but these calm moon- light nights always have such a peculiar efiect upon me, and besides, one is allowed to be a little superstitious on Christmas night." "Yes," returned I almost afraid to trust myself to more than monosyllables. "Well, I wonder where your friends can have got to," continued the cheerful young lady ; "I wish they would turn up, and then we might have quite a jolly breakfast party." "Yes," said I, glad to find an excuse for getting away ; "I think I will go to the top of the hill and look for them while the water is boiling." "Do, and if you see any signs of them be sure and cooee, but I forgot, you are a new chum ; never mind, call them up somehow, for I am quite impatient to get home again, and allay my uncle's anxiety at my absence." "Oh, yes, I will certainly, cooee, new chum—or not," thought I to myself; "no more solitary meals with a resuscitated Jael, thank you, miss." And so I took my abrupt departure, climbing with more haste than the circum- stances appeared to warrant to the hill-top. Vainly did I scan the surrounding country for any signs of my missing friends, and although I certainly felt a vague sort of idea that it would be, taking all things into consider- ation, rather a good plan to wait upon the hill-top and watch all day rather than return to the young lady below, still the pangs of hunger and the thought of breakfast induced me to commence the descent toward the hut. Very reluctantly did I proceed, however, and when I had reached about hall-way down the hill-side, once again, and for the third time during those two eventful days, was I startled by the weird melan- choly song, which previously had announced the arrival of any strange visitor. Wonder- ing what it might portend, I hurried forward a step or two, and peering through the trees, caught a glimpse of my mysterious com- panion seated airily upon her handsome black steed, and galloping gaily down the white sandy track. Her long golden hair rising and falling in the morning breeze, her snowy garments flowing far away behind, her soft rounded arm waving me a graceful farewell, and her sweet sad voice mournfully wailing forth the notes of her song. So she rode away out of my sight, as I thought, and at the moment hoped, forever ; and yet so contrary is human nature that before she had been gone five minutes, I almost longed to have her back again. . However, I endeavoured to seek consola- tion in "the cup which cheers but not inebriates," and upon reaching the camp fire found my breakfast all prepared, chops cooked to a turn, damper baked, and tea made. As I had no fear that my late lively young companion would attempt to accom- plish her playful ends by the means of poison, seeing that a tenpenny nail and a good strong sledge hammer seemed to be more in her way, I sat down fearlessly and made a hearty meal. . Soon after I had finished breakfast my friends put in an appearance; and the first greetings over, and explanations of their long absence being given, the horses having got amidst a mob running on the ranges a mile or two off, I of course immediately began to tell them of my adventures and the strange visitor who haa honoured me with a call during their search. At first they, utterly disbelieved my story, then they treated the whole affair as a capital joke, and lastly, upon my solemn asseveration that I had stated nothing but the absolute truth,they agreed with me that it was certainly very romantic and so forth, and the young lady, must have been a strange creature ; but as for my dream, or whatever it may have been, why the less said about it the better. And this was all the impression my adven- tures appeared to make on them. . But I was not so easily satisfied on this score, and determined, to devote the remainder of my stay in the colony to the solving of the mystery, and at last, after nearly two years of search, I have been successful. . About three months since, when I had given up all hopes of ever tracing out the strange young lady of my Christmas in the bush, I received an invitation to attend a social evening given to the patients at the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum. These pleasant evenings are too well known to Adelaide people for me to say anything about them, excepting to speak in terms of the highest praise concerning the capital management of the establishment, the evident happiness of the unfortunate inmates, and the kindness and consideration shown them by the worthy doctor and his assistant officers. "Let me introduce you to a partner for the next quadrilles," remarked the doctor. '"You see that fair-haired young lady over there ; the one in the white dress. A most difficult case. Poor thing, she fancies she is Jael, and is doomed to murder Sisera again. Strange, is it not? And she is the niece of one of our wealthiest squatters, with whom she is a great favourite, and who would spare neither time nor money to restore her reason. . I looked incredulously across the long crowded room. Yes, there could be no mistake. I once more beheld the mysterious, girl who had produced such an awful impres- sion on my mind ; who had exerted such a wonderful influence on my life. I of course told the good doctor my story, and asked him if he thought it would be unwise for me to make myself known to the young lady about what had happened. He was very much astonished at my recital, and said what I had told him fully accounted for her having been missed away from home for two days during the Christmas of 1870. By some means she had eluded her keeper, an old nurse who had received strict injunctions never to leave her side ; but the cunning of the maniac had been too much for the watchfulness of the nurse. The young lady had caught and saddled and bridled a new horse purchased that same morning from a passing mob, had ridden it out into the bush at a hand gallop, and after an absence of two days had returned home again in a high state of excitement. Fever ensued, and upon her recovery she was removed to the Asylum, where she had remained ever since, with only slight lucid intervals. . "I think you might speak to her," said the doctor, turning away to another friend, but watching me as I crossed the room and accosted the unfortunate girl. Whether it was owing to the fact that her mind may have been more heavily clouded that evening than usual, I cannot say ; but at any rate, although I stayed and talked and danced with her for more than half an hour, she evidently did not remember me, and never made the slightest effort to rouse herself from the apathetic stupor in which I found her, and in which she remained the whole of tbe evening. As I leave for England next week, and as I do not anticipate visiting Australia again, I suppose I must never more expect to see the sadly beautiful and never-to-be-forgotten face of my strange. Christmas Visitor. MY STRANGE CHRISTMAS VISITOR. By MORGAN HAWKES. . Next week I leave the colony for the old country, but before I sail I feel that I cannot say good-by to South Australia without first relating a mysterious circum- stance that occurred to me two years ago this Christmas. It was one of those thrilling, never-to-be-forgotten things which break in upon the ordinary course of a man's life, and make all his other adventures sink into utter insignificance compared with the startling nature of this single event. As long as I live, and wherever else I may go, the impression produced by this terrible, and, as it appeared for a long time, inexpli- cable mystery will never be effaced from my mind. It will stand forth with a vividness and an awful distinctness when many other exciting events connected with my life will appear dim and shadowy, looked back upon through, the mist of bygone years. I am a barrister of the Inner Temple ; not exactly a briefless barrister, for without having attained to any brilliant pre-eminence at the Bar, my name is sufficiently known in law circles to gain me a fair number of cases, while the unexpected and successful result of a somewhat celebrated trial for forgery, in which I had the honour to be retained for the defence, gained me a certain amount of notice from the brighter lights adorning the legal fraternity. But unfor- tunately, just as my path to a prominent position at the Bar seemed pretty clear, my physical strength gave way beneath the harassing anxiety consequent upon the increase of my business. My medical adviser peremptorily ordered perfect rest for a year or two, forbidding me even to look at a brief, advising a thorough change of life and scene, and seriously recommending a long sea voyage. . Fortunately for me, my short season of success had enabled me to lay by a little for a rainy day, and therefore the doctor's decision was not such a deathblow to me as it might have been to a poorer man. Where and how to spend my holiday, that was the question? Australia suggested itself to my mind ; moreover, the long sea voyage being a particular part of my doctor's programme, and the fact of my having some bachelor friends who owned a sheep station out here, made the scheme appear admirably adapted to my circumstances. In three weeks' time I took my passage by one of the Adelaide liners, purchased my outfit, informed my Australian friends per overland mail that I intended visiting them in their adopted country, and finally setting sail from Plymouth one fine Sunday evening in August, reached Adelaide early in November. One of my old friends had come down to town to meet and welcome me, and after a very pleasant week in Adelaide, during which time I, of course, was taken round to see the lions, we started for the North. The voyage had quite recruited my strength, the novelty of the new associations surrounding me had aroused my brain to a state of healthy activity, and the romantic nature of life upon a sheep station made me look forward with great pleasure to my sojourn in the bush. We reached Yudnacudla, the name of my friend's station, just in the midst of the shearing season, and I found plenty to occupy my time in watching a scene so widely removed from all my former experiences. . The men's kitchen, the long low shearing sheds, the vast flocks of dusty frightened sheep continually coming in to be operated upon, the powerful presses, the immense bales of wool, and the thousand and one peculiarities of station life were all objects of absorbing interest to me. Day after day passed by in the same pleasant manner, and at last I began to get so used to my new life that I almost disbelieved I had ever been anywhere else, and could scarcely realize the astonishing fact that six months back I was addressing a thick-headed, stubborn, igno- rant Jury, in the dusty, fusty, Law Courts of smoky old London. At last the shearing was all completed, the men received their cheques, and wandered away one by one, some to the nearest woolshed, others for the first public-house with the expressed inten- tion of ' knocking down' their hard-earned cash, and a few for town. The wool was packed, the drays loaded and travelling on their way to Port Augusta, and such a period of quietude and rest fell upon the whole place that Yudnacudla seemed to be shut out from all the busy world beside. . Christmas rapidly approached, and great discussion ensued as to how it should be spent. Finally a kangaroo hunt was decided upon as being a capital method of celebrating the holiday, and as affording a good oppor- tunity of introducing me to a new phase of colonial life— viz., ' bushing it.' Taking one of the knockabout hands with us, we rode across to a small hut about ten miles from the head station, known by the euphonious title of 'Bob's Shanty.' With our own nags and two pack- horses led by the 'knockabout hand,' and piled up with blankets, powder- flasks, shot-belts, guns, billies, and sundry tin pannikins, together with other heterogeneous necessities for the proper carrying out of the afore- mentioned ' bushing it,' and with five or six powerful kangaroo dogs bounding round us, we made quite an imposing cavalcade. So we ambled along at that easy pace and with that peculiar motion distinguished by the expres- sive title of a ' bushman's trot' through the scrub that environs Yudnacudla. The shanty, named after the unknown Bob, although slightly superior to the primi- tive type generally followed by shep- herds' huts in Australia, certainly pos- sessed no strikingly picturesque beauties. It boasted one little window, an ordinary- sized door, and a chimney wholly dispro- portionate to the dimensions of the building it so massively overlapped. In front of the hut were some evident attempts at a garden in the shape of a stunted native pine- tree, while one solitary cabbage stalk wilting away in its own desolate bed spoke of a last despairing effort at cultivation on the part of a former tenant. At the back of the shanty was a large, strong-looking stockyard; and now I think have fully described the exterior. The interior could not well be found fault with by a person of an ascetic mind for its luxuriousness, inasmuch as its appointments were meagre in the extreme. A stump of an old gum-tree, dimly sugges- tive of a table ; four posts driven into the hard earth and interlaced with boughs and branches, delicately insinuating a couch ; and a three-legged stool (evidently of amateur, manufacture), modestly offering its services as a seat, were all the furniture; while a small deal box, hung up over the aforesaid couch, containing some tremendous nails and a good-sized useful-looking hammer, formed the total of the decorations. . After we had rubbed down our horses we turned them into the stockyard, provided them with a good feed, piled our sporting paraphernalia indiscriminately upon the floor of the hut, and camped out in the open air— smoking, laughing, telling stories, and enjoying our grog round the big fire, which the 'knockabout hand,' in true bushman fashion, had commenced building the moment we declared a halt. At last our pipes were smoked out, and with many good wishes for to- morrow's sport we rolled our- selves up in our blankets and settled down for a comfortable sleep. Unfortunately for the due realization of the romantic dreams my wintering fancy had indulged in during the night, and unhappily for the proper execution of those daring deeds I had pictured myself as engaging in during the pursuits of the bounding kangaroos, when we woke in the morning we found that through some inadvertence on somebody's part the slip rails of the stockyard had been insecurely replaced, and all our horses had incontinently left for fresh fields and pastures new.' For a moment disappoint- ment and annoyance were visible on every face, and I am afraid that mutual recrimi- nations were somewhat freely indulged in. The mischief, however, was evidently done, and as it was useless to stand still and find fault, and equally unprofitable to waste time in attempting to place the blame on some one else's shoulders, my friends made up their minds to go in search of the horses. Giving me strict injunctions not to stir from the hut, as I should only lose myself in the scrub, and promising to return as soon as the runaways were recaptured, they all departed, leaving me alone sole monarch of all I sur- veyed. The day passed by slowly enough for me, to whom a bush life suddenly appeared denuded of half its charms, when jovial companions and the prospect of glorious sport were removed from the scene. . Time after time, in spite of the exhorta- tion of my friends, did I leave the shanty and climb to the top of the highest hill, hoping to catch a glimpse of them returning, but inevitably finding myself doomed to meet with disappointment. About 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when I was dolefully plodding back from one of these fruitless expeditions, I heard a curious wild sort of chant or song come floating up towards me from the vicinity of the hut. At first I thought it must be the cry of some bird unknown to me, but soon I could not help feeling that the weird strain was exerting a powerful influence on my fancy. . Having arrived at the bottom of the hill, I turned round by the corner of the hut, which obstructed the view in that direction, and a sight met my astonished gaze, the like of which my eyes had never looked upon before. In front of the door stood a fair haired ethereal-looking girl, with great blue liquid eyes, long golden locks, and a com- plexion that was perfectly waxen in the pure transparency of its beauty. I am not of a poetic temperament, and the argumentative, nature of my profession, together with the matter-of-fact tendency of my mind, makes me far from an imaginative man. Never- theless I must own to feeling some degree of awe in the presence of this beautiful stranger. A belief in the supernatural has never been a part of my creed, and yet I confess the thought passed through my mind, as I looked upon this young girl, that I stood before a visitor from another world— an impression which was strengthened by a long robe of snowy whiteness, and composed or some soft silky material, which fell in graceful undulating folds around her classic form. Her right handheld a lady's riding whip, while her left arm was lightly thrown with charming abandon over the arching neck of a magni- ficent jet black horse, which stood proudly pawing the ground by her side. . The first feeling of astonishment having subsided, I bowed, and, politely accosting the fairy-like creature, found that according to her own statement she was a young lady the niece of a neighbouring squatter; but being like myself a poor adept in the intricacies of bush travelling, she had strayed away from her companions, and by some means or other had at last thoroughly lost herself in the scrub. I of course asked her the name of the station, which, strange to say, she could not remember. I then remarked that it appeared queer her horse could not find his way home again without any guidance; but she said so far from this being the case she had ceased to direct him immediately upon finding herself lost, and it was only owing to his natural instinct that she had so fortunately met with my shanty. I then explained to the beautiful creature the peculiar circumstances under which I laboured, and deplored my inability to be of any material assistance to her in discovering her friends. But to my surprise, instead of the young lady expressing anxiety at this announcement, she broke out into a merry laugh, and said— "Well, it's no use, Sir ; the fates appear to have decreed that you are to be my host, and so I suppose I must make up my mind to accept your hos- pitality, and after all what is there to be alarmed about? I shall soon find my way home in the morning when your friends arrive, and, to tell you the truth, there is something to my mind very charming and romantic in camping out here in the bush with a gentleman," adding in an undertone, and with the slightest scrutinizing glance imaginable, "for that I'm sure you are." . "Well, that's rather cool, certainly," thought I ; "but doubtless it is the fashion for Australian young ladies to talk in this manner in the bush. I suppose it's quite correct, and proper, and all that, and it must be my lamentable ignorance of these little points of what is etiquette out here at the antipodes that makes me see anything outré in the young lady's conduct." These thoughts took scarcely a moment to flash through my brain, and then seeing it most assuredly would be more jolly to spend Christmas Eve with a handsome and evidently accomplished young lady than to pass it alone by the camp fire, I told my strange visitor that I should only be too proud to be her slave for the day ; and as for the shanty, I was sure my friends would deem themselves highly honoured if so fair a daughter of Australia should beautify it with her presence. . With an arch smile and a low sweeping curtsey that was brimful of comedy, the young lady thanked me for my pretty speech, and accepted my offer by there and then taking possession of the hut, while I led away her horse, a magnificent, highly-bred creature, to the stockyard. . In about half an hour my very amiable lady visitor called me to look at the trans- formation she had effected in the previously rough, untidy 'Bob's Shanty.' Under its guise of neatness and order I scarcely recognised the dingy little place again. Our swags were neatly piled up in one corner of the room— that is, as neatly as their ungainly proportions would admit of — our guns were carefully placed in another corner, and our powder- flasks, shot-belts, bullet-moulds, et hoc genus omne, were symmetrically arranged on the old gum stump. Our bright coloured rugs helped to make the otherwise rough-looking shakedown appear a most luxurious couch, while our pots, pans, billies, &c.;, were hanging in quite a homely fashion round the whitewashed walls. Evidently the young lady was a good hand at driving nails. . "What do you think of it?" enquired the fairy of the grotto. "Charming," I exclaimed; "perfectly enchanting! With you to keep the place in its present state of perfection I could stay here for ever; it would be the very personification of love in a cottage." "Oh ! yes, I have no doubt, Sir," returned my chatty agreeable visitor ; "I do all the work, and you do all the admiration— very likely— no thank you. But come, let us see abont tea;" and then she bustled about, and cut the inevitable chops and placed them on the fire, and made the damper, and took down the two brightest of the billies, and laughed and chatted in the most charming manner all the time, setting me little jobs, and looking on with an irresistibly comic expression on her countenance while I attempted clumsily to execute them, making fun at my new chum notions as to the best method to build up a fire, and positively shrieking when I apologized for not being able to offer her any plates. Never shall I forget that Christmas afternoon, or the picture of that fairy young girl, darting here and there like a light hearted bird, peering into the hut — which she would persist in calling the commissariat— for salt and pepper, overhauling our pack- ages for knives and forks, and returning in great glee, just as the chops were cooked, triumphantly carrying a bottle of Worcester sauce, which she had conjured up from some odd corner or other, heaven knows where, for I could not remember its being included in our stores. . And what a meal it was to be sure ; with what evident pride did she make the tea ; with what a hearty appreciation of her own culinary powers did she recommend the chops ; how she laughed, and joked, and hummed short snatches of old ballads of my childhood, forgotten by me years ago, but recalled to mind by her sweet plaintive voice. Yes, irreconcilable as it may seem with the gaiety of her disposition, there was a low plaintive strain in her singing and a mournful pathos in her voice, which, with all its sweetness, made one feel unutterably sad to hear. She was a most inexplicable, mysterious creature — one moment all fun and gaiety, and the next a dim, almost imper- ceptible shadow would cross her laughing face, like that of some fleecy cloud crossing a sun-lit landscape at mid- day; a troubled, anxious expression would steal into her beautiful blue eyes, and her whole manner would bear that abstracted, absent - minded appearance which is so frequently noticeable in those who have some heavy sorrow at heart. . Tea finished, and it being one of those glorious nights which are seen to such per- fection in South Australia, my frank and fairy- like companion and myself sat by the glowing embers of the slumbering fire and talked. A full moon placidly beamed over the whole wide expanse of country, and glistening on the shiny foliage of the dense scrub that stretched away above, below, and all around us, made it look like one vast silvery sea. The evening wind sighed mournfully, like the murmur of the distant sea, through the waving sheaoaks; the curlew's melancholy whistle was caught up and re- ecohed far and near; the bellbird's monotonous note rang out across the forest; the chirp and hum of insect life only made the silence seem more impressive; and there, in the midst of the Australian forest, sat I, a London barrister, with a beautiful, mysterious young girl, whose name I knew not, and whose ethereal face I might never see again after the morrow had separated us. . The romance of our position, the solemnity of the hour, and the associations of the season, naturally turned our thoughts, and thence our conversation, into the channel of ghost stories, visitations of spirits, and unexplainable spectral appearances, and so from one thing to another we drifted into daring speculation concerning the super- natural—a theme which to my companion evidently possessed considerable charms, and one on which she was singularly eloquent. With the introduction of this topic her whole nature seemed to change. She was no longer a laughing, merry girl, but a thoughtful, wondering, mysterious woman ; her cheek blanched, her eyes brightened, and her voice became so hushed and low that its whispered sibilants positively startled me with their fearful distinctness. No idea, however wild, seemed too mad or too daring for her credence, and the more startling the nature of the theory propounded, the more implicitly did she appear to believe it. . "I suppose that you, like most other people," said she, alter a pause in the con- versation, "have occasionally had the strange feeling come over you that some thing you are saying or doing has all happened to you before." . I confessed to having felt that peculiar consciousness, but added that I generally laboured under the extraordinary hallu- cination when I felt bilious, or at all out of sorts, and therefore I attributed it solely to some derangement of the system. ''Non- sense," said my imaginative companion; "it was the inner consciousness and dim mysterious memory of a former existence making itself felt through the superincum- bent weight of your present body. Do you know, I thoroughly believe that great historical personages, people endowed with extraordinary gifts — that is, certain brave spirits, brilliant intellects, philanthropic souls, and inventive geniuses — do actually and positively reappear upon the earth at stated periods ; I believe they never die, but lie hidden away somewhere for vast periods of time, and then when the cycling years roll round, and the appointed time has come for their peculiar influence to be felt in the world, they walk the earth once more, in different countries perhaps, and certainly in different bodies, but still the same men and women who lived and worked, who did great deeds, or sinned, who flourished, or who fell countless ages past. Now listen." . I did listen, and well I might, for who ever heard such words prooeeding from the lips of a fair young girl, and who would not have felt surprise at meeting with such a daring dreamer in the wilds of South Australia! . Imagine the details of the picture— a moonlit, cloudless night, a lonely Australian sheep-run, and dense scrub and gloomy forest all around; and then the foreground— a smouldering camp fire, beside which lounged a man clad in rough bush costume, and smoking a short pipe— myself— and near him, a tall fair girl, the fire-light suffusing her ghostly- looking dress witn a roseate glow, her eyes sparkling with a mysterious and almost startling brilliancy, her long golden hair hanging down over her shoulders, her little white hands folded in each other, and her whole frame trembling with suppressed excitement — imagine this, and do not express surprise if I own that I felt thoroughly mystified and unnerved. . "Now, listen to my story," said this beautiful young creature. "Recalling the time when I was a mere child in pinafores, and looking back to the very earliest days of my life, I have a distinct remembrance of always having felt this dim and intermittent recollection of a previous existence. A gleam of sunshine, a cold silvery moonbeam, that awful hush which at times is absolutely felt in the midst of some bright summer day, the murmuring of the wind amongst the trees, a shadow cast across my path by some fleecy cloud placidly sailing o'er the heavens, the tone of a voice, the sound of running water, and the roar of the sea, all brought back the weird, indescribable feeling that I was immensely old ; that I had lived and acted ages and ages ago. In my childish wonder I strove to solve the mystery, and accounted by a thousand wild theories for the strange impression. Curious to relate— curious as I deemed it then; but ah! how little I knew of the workings of the deathless spirit— curious to relate, at such moments my mind invariably wandered off to the gorgeous East. Once again I saw the lovely hills and valleys of old Palestine ; I felt its clear buoyant atmosphere, and inadvertently I frequently found myself regretting the happy days when I was a proud, high- spirited, young Eastern maiden. At school, too, no study possessed such a charm for me as the perusal of Hebrew history, particularly that portion of it relating to the earlier wars of the Jews with the Kings of Moab and of Canaan. . "Much my governess marvelled at so curious a taste being exhibited by one so young, and I myself, as I grew older, began to wonder what caused such an apparently dry and uninteresting subject to afford me so much pleasure. What could it be that awakened such a warlike spirit in my heart when I read of these heroic deeds done three thousand years ago? What was it that made these stories of the past seem to possess a peculiar significance for me ? What was it that identified me with so many of the pictured scenes? In vain, in vain were all my conjectures ; but at last the day came that was to sweep away all doubt and mystery forever, that was to unfold the awful curtain of the past, and show me what I really was and had been. I remember it was a clear bright spring morning, and I was sitting by the creek that ran through the bottom or our garden, reading the fourth chapter of Judges, a portion of Scripture which had always made a wonderful impres- sion on my mind. . "The creek bubbled past me, the birds sang, the gum trees waved their long pendant foliage in the morning breeze, and there I sat, Bible in hand, with one finger between the leaves to mark the place, wondering, wondering what this mystery of my life could mean ; and then in a moment, like a flash of inspiration, I knew quite well that which the secret promptings of ray spirit had long endeavoured to explain. . "I was Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite, who killed Sisera by driving a nail into his temples as he slept in the tent." . When the imaginative girl made this astounding assertion, I was completely dumbfoundered, and could only sit and gaze at her in astonishment. And then there gradually came over me an inkling of the truth. Surely she must be some unfortunate being, who, although perfectly rational on all other points, was still incurably insane on this one particular subject. I had frequently met with such cases in my professional experience, and doubtless beheld an instance before me now. Then I called to mind her gay and sprightly demeanour earlier in the evening, her intense appreciation of the ludicrous, her merry laugh, her inimitable mimicry, and especially remembering the latter trait in her character, I came to the conclusion that she was only making fun of me, and to continue the joke remarked, "But how about Heber, your husband, he is not still alive, is he?" "Do you not see," said she, "that this only bears out my argument, and helps to strengthen the theory that it is only those beings who have to exert a certain influence, either for good or evil, on their fellow-men, that are per- mitted, nay more compelled, to revisit the earth. Who was Heber? What do we know of Heber? Nothing, excepting that he was a Kenite and the husband of Jael. But his wife, Jael ! she was a woman amongst a thousand; a woman whose name was destined never to be forgotten as long as history endures; she did a deed that has filled all the world with horror, and such a woman as that can never die. And I did that deed ; I killed Sisera. I remember it all now, the cool shadowy tent, the heavy breathing of the worn- out beaten Captain, the nail, the hammer, the deadly blow, and the last expiring struggle of the murdered Sisera. And now I am here upon the earth again, in another country, in a different body, and under a changed name, but never- theless Jael— the same, the very same woman who three thousand years ago struck the trea- cherous blow which made the mighty Sisera to be feared no more for ever. And it is all some day to be re-enacted, I know it is. I shall meet Sisera again, and fate will impel me to kill him, as I killed him long ago in my husband's tent upon the plain of Zaanaim." And then the strange young girl looked at me long and earnestly, and after a silence of some few minutes, continued, "And I shall soon meet him again; I feel that the hour is drawing nigh when the deed of my life must be accomplished, aud then it may be my spirit will be allowed to rest for innumerable ages once more, and who can say what strange events may be tran- spiring when I walk the earth again?" . This was too absurd altogether, and only tended to confirm the suspicion which had gradually been forcing itself into a certainty that my companion was playing me a trick. Just, however, as I was about to make some remarks, proving the fallacy of her argu- ments, the young lady rose and said, "Well, I think it's nearly time we finished this melancholy conversation, I see you are getting sleepy, I suppose I must make myself comfortable in Bob's shanty for to- night, and to-morrow I hope your friends will come and take me back to my uncle's station. See that my horse is all right, will you, please ; and now, good night, and having missed spending a merry Christmas, may you have a happy New Year." With this the fairy-like and totally incompre- hensible creature vanished into the hut. . Having attended to her commands re- specting the horse, I sat for a short time over the fire smoking my last pipe, and musing over my late companion's queer story. By degrees, however, my ideas became confused, and so gradually. I drifted off into sleep. I could not have been asleep for more than a couple of hours when I became suddenly aware, in the most mysterious manner, that some one was kneeling over me. I was not awake. I knew perfectly well I was not thoroughly awake, and yet I could distinctly hear the notes of a weird, wild song floating out upon the mid- night air; I could feel the warm breath of the singer fanning my brow, and oh, horror ! I could plainly see, with a vision wholly unexplainable and supernatural, my beauti- ful girl companion, my strange mysterious visitor, leaning over me, enchanting my senses with her low mournful song, gazing down upon me with looks of demoniac hatred, and adjusting to my temple a long sharp-pointed nail, while the lifted hammer was poised high above my head to strike the dreaded blow. . It was no dream, no nightmare ; I saw it distinctly, and yet, strange to say, I could not open my eyes. I struggled and gasped for breath, and with one last despairing effort succeeded in throwing my arms out wildly, just catching my murderess's arm as it was about to descend and, drive away my life. A fearful shriek rent the air, and then, then I saw, with open staring eyes and with shuddering horror, my fair and beautiful companion rushing hurriedly into the hut. . At this dread realization of my prophetic vision I almost swooned away, and I was so unnerved and frightened by the circumstance that I found it quite impossible to sleep any more that night. Pipe after pipe did I smoke, and whether it was the soothing effects of the narcotic or the plain un- romantic light of day, I do not know, but no sooner had the sun risen over the eastern hills than I began to doubt the whole occurrence, vividly as it had been impressed upon me during the lonely hours of night, and at last came to the abrupt conclusion that, after all, it must have been a dream, a very real, an awfully real dream but still nothing else. While I was debating in my mind as to whether I should inform my strange visitor of the curious effect her wild story had upon me, I suddenly placed my hand on something hard and cold, and ah! incontrovertible evidence of the grim 