A NEW ENGLAND MINER'S VIEW OF NEW ZEALAND AFFAIRS. THE following are extracts from a letter from the Otago district, written by an old New England miner: Owing to the race freezing up we were thrown out of work, and then, of course, we sought for some employment. After many disappointments, we succeeded in obtaining four weeks' work, at the Arrow, and whilst there I can assure you there was little opportunity to write, for you know when one's fingers are benumbed, and your feet not many degrees off freez ing point, the sympathy or affinity be tween mind and matter becomes keenly evident; the congestion extending to ideas prevents anything like a free flow thereof, and the bare idea of penning an epistle causes one to shiver. We came home nearly a fortnight since, and last week went up to have a look at the race. The portion which traverses the sunny side of the hill is all right, but when we cross the saddle on to a Southern aspect -Le., shade side-the race is not to be seen ; one smooth hill of snow is the only feature upon which our longing eyes can feast. Last year we cleared the race out for one and a half or two miles, by sink ing shafts and driving a channel out where thick, and in other places by cut ting a narrow channel down. This was about the 14th or 15th of Sept., and I am afraid we shall have to wait until about the same date now. If we could get about two miles open, there are some tributary creeks which would, whilst the lowest snow wa8 melting, give ample water, and by the time such supply was exhausted the race would be clear to the head. I am afraid the speculation will not be profitable. So far, the ground tried has not paid even low wages, and i then the nature of the ground through | which the race is cut renders it very j liable to slips. I do not know of any thing in New South Wales like these ! slips, but you can fancy the whole ground j on a steep hill side gradually subsiding in some places race and all sinking, caus ing a necessity for reconstruction ; in other places, the upper side encroaching on the race causing a continued battle to keep the race open. Besides, when these slips come down suddenly, as they do during rain, the water in the race blocks up, and of course flows over the banks. You can imagine the vacancy which will soon occur-or, as philosophers would say, a solution of continuity-by a body of water about three feet wide and one deep pouring on to loose earth on a very steep incline. In some places there has been no earth left after one of these freaks, and we have been obliged to cut the new part in the solid rock. Then there have been subterranean caverns unknown, but which have discovered themselves by suddenly absorbing all the water, earth, stone, and everythingin their locality. These have been very great drawbacks, and though one man has been constantly employed on the race the occasions when all hands have had to go up to repair damages have been neither few nor far between. This has prevented us working continuously at sluicing, but taking the length of time in the aggregate in which we were actually sluicing the . returns so far have not been in any manner according to expectation. The only hope is that, as a very large area of ground has yet to be operated upon or prospected, something payable may yet be struck. For the past 12 months I have been working with another and J. on our own account, paying cash for the water, but so far we have not paid, for the simple reason we have had nothing to pay. And then we have at all times gone up to work at the race with the owners, some times camping up in that desolate place from three days to 10 or 12, so that the balance-allowing 10s. per day- is much in our favour. Now, you see all is not gold that glitters. I am more than ever convinced that, humanly speaking, we made a great mistake in coming here-not that I would judge of New Zealand from my own ex perience only : I am aware that a person's own experience will warp the judgment and give a bias to his opinion. But so far as I can divest myself of such, and view New Zealand as a field for immi gration, I must say in my opinion there are no reasons for the laudation which it so constantly receives, for I deem it far inferior to the Australian colonies. The greater part of it, so far as I have seen and heard of, is very mountainous, and never can possibly be suitable for other than grazing. And though there are some rich flats (now in occupation), yet many of the flats have gravel to the very surface, and by far the largest majority of the rest have under a foot or so of good soil a substratum of gravel. In dry weather the surface becomes a very crust. And, besides, it is rare to get a block of 100 acres without having a quantity of rocks, worthless for anything but quarry ing. In their papers, they point out the advantage of having no timber to clear as in Australia, but there is the disad vantage of having to pay dearly for fire wood or coal; and no man can under stand the advantage of having slabs for the splitting, and fencing or other timber for the getting, until he has been where such things are not. Gold mining has been the great in dustry which alone has given an impetus to this province, and of course other industries have, as a necessity, been brought into existence. But E question very much whether New Zealand will ever, in a commercial sense, be a wealthy country, or even support a large popula tion-that is, in proportion to its acres as measured on a map, and it is this mea surement which is always given when the acres yet unalienated are mentioned. And as regards gold mining, though I have no doubt it will continue for many years, yet I cannot but think its best days are long past, and, unlike Victoria or New South Wales, the facilities here for em ploying water in sluicing have caused the ground in most cases to be thoroughly worked at first, so that once worked it is worked out-that is, the ground actually gone over. Of coarse there may be new discoveries, and I may say the present mining population urgently need such, for in many places the returns are small. Politically it appears to me to be the worst governed colony of the Australasian group-a prey to political adventurers from Victoria, stump orators and dema gogues whose occupation was gone-who came here with the rush to sacrifice them selves on the altar of patriotism, and con sented to lead the New Zealanders in things political-that is, in getting un limited tick, and also undertook to show them how to spend, I was going to say, but squander is the proper term, and all for the trifling sum of one pound per diem, travelling expenses, fees, &c.;, <fcc., pickings and prospects in future. Many of these gentry and their friends have created offices and filled them. And now 250,000 of population have a burden of over ten millions of a national debt, with but few reproductive works to show on the credit side. You can easily imagine the taxes : I think they were over .£11 per head a year ago, but as the screw has been put on again, in the shape of an j increased tariff, I scarcely know where the limit will be put in future. I Victoria in La Trobe's day was badly ruled financially, but there were excuses then. But here, where there has been nothing to create a revolution in finances or disorganise them, these nine or ten years past, except what has arisen solely from extravagance and an insane desire to ape older, more populous, and wealthier colonies, there cannot be any reasonable excuse offered in palliation. True, there is the native war, in the North, but this subject, or rather the management, is always a mystery, and where mystery exists in a Government we are liable to think things are not all right. The New Zealanders seem great people for giving bonuses. We are assured by the Press that the coast abounds with fish, easily procurable, and one " expe rienced" person states that in its finny treasures it beats Newfoundland hollow. Of course it does ! But then, to convert such into a metallic currency by curing and disposing of the fish in Victoria, or elsewhere, a bonus is asked for, and granted. Bay whaling is carried on in the bays, and New Zealand has been a favourite whaling ground before the first " old identity" landed on its shores. Yet to fit out a few whalers to catch the fish, at their very doors, a bonus is modestly asked for each vessel so fitted, and granted of course. Iron sand is on the beach at Taranaki which, according to the prospec tus issued, needs to be picked up and slightly manipulated when a value will be obtained two or three times the total cost of production, and yet to do so a bonus is asked, and of course granted. And so on -until it is sickening for a taxpayer to read about paper makers, glass blowers, tweed, bellows to mend, &c.;, &c.;, all ob taining a modest bonus. I saw a good thing in a Dunedin paper the other day. It appears there had been a meeting in Singleton, N.S.W., to arrange respecting a tweed factory in that town. This paper quoted the paragraph, and acquainted its readers that New South Wales was thus taking a lesson from the younger colony ! Was it impudence or ignorance ? I won der what Mr. Byrnes, of Parramatta, would say to it. I know I bought a pair of Sydney tweed trousers in Sydney about 21 years ago. But so it is-the Press blows up everything belonging to New Zealand, and though they do sometimes allude to Victoria New South Wales is scarcely known. They boast about their climate, but it is nothing to compare to New England. If they do allude to New South Wales climatically, of course Syd ney is New South Wales. I know this' I never saw such sudden changes in any part of N.S.W., and the heat here last summer was quite equal at times to that of the Hunter, but subject at the same time-same day- to a change not far from freezing. Certainly, for an equable cli mate, it can never be compared to New England ; but I do not think many in New Zealand know there is such a place. And for inducements to make a home, New England stands far beyond anything New Zealand can offer. In this part we have no wood, and of course our fires of coals are but apologies. They never warm the tin or iron houses which prevail here, and so of course many go to bed early to keep warm, and stay in bed on wet days for the same very sensible reason. On the West coast, where there is wood, it is one impervious scrub, through which you have to cut a road-one thicket of parasitical plants completely barring progress. Summarily, I do not like it, and from what I can hear and see I am not alone, and though New Zealand is making great exertions, and expending much money, to get immi grants, one thing I feel certain of-that many who are now here, especially the gold mining population, would, in colo nial parlance, hook it if they could. And those who can will should any of the other colonies offer any inducement in the shape of new gold discoveries. I do not at all mean to say but New Zealand, like all new countries, does offer inducements which the over-populated countries of Europe cannot offer to the labouring man, but at the same time the facilities for improving one's condition when the capital consists only of muscular power and the will to use it are by no means so great as in New South Wales. This is owing to bad or extravagant go vernment, heavy taxation, and the moun tainous character of the country. The really good agricultural land is very limited, and it is much more difficult to obtain land here than in N.S.W. Lately the price in a portion of Otago (South land) has been raised to £3 per acre. A single man may save money, for the wages run from 20s. to 25s. per week and rations on farms and stations. But a man with a family, unless old enough to work, has but a bare hand-to-mouth ex istence. And then, except for a com parative few, there is not much permanent work. Railways are now being con structed, and these have absorbed much of the floating labour, besides giving em ployment to a number of navvies imported specially for such work. But really, from the physical features of the country, I am of opinion that the railway scheme is more extensive than the circumstances warrant, and much of the work will be anything but reproductive. Servant girls command very good "wages -from 15s. to 20s. per week. But up in the interior the principal demand for such is at public houses, and no man having any regard for his daughter would care about such places. The public house is the great institution here. Up the coun try their name is legion. In the little towns every third place is devoted to Bacchus. The stores also retail by the bottle, and wherever a few men camp the shanty is convenient. I do not know that I ever mentioned anything about the game to be found here. In some places ducks are plen tiful, one kind being very large. There are other birds, including the kiwi, but I have not been favoured with a taste of them. We have here the woodhen, about the size of a common hen; when plucked and cut open it somewhat re sembles pork-that is, it has a very tough skin, and a coating of fat immediately under the skin. This fat makes a very good oil, which burns well, and is very useful to rub over the hands when cracked, or into the joints when rheu matism prevails. If nicely stewed and the oil skimmed off, it eats very well. About two years ago five of us were two days on the mountains, with nothing but a small piece of salt beef 3 lbs. weight to eat. We were hungry, or I might say ravenous, for near a year in the moun tains. As we were then, with hard work race cutting, it tended to develop the gastric juices in a remarkable manner, and brought the digestive organs up to the highest attainable pitch. But I was going to remark that, though we looked everywhere, strange to say we did not see the ghost of a Maori hen, though before and after our involuntary fast there was not much difficulty in capturing them. In some parts of the country wild pigs abound-the descendants of those libe rated by Capt. Cook-but we have none here. The only four-footed game we have are rats, mice, and wild cats. The former abound. This must really have been the country that Whittington made his suc cessful venture to, for I never saw nor heard of any place where these animals abound as they do here. Go where you will, into the most desolate gorge in the ranges, amidst rocks where scarce a tus sock of grass can grow, in places which for three or four months are covered with snow, no matter-rats and mice are there ! How they exist I cannot tell, or what they live on. Often and often I have seen their tracks in the snow, but whatever they have found to eat I cannot discover. T have lived pretty high up on the ranges, and in a good many camps, but it was all the same-rats abounded ; and on the lower levels-on the flats or near the rivers-rats and mice are everywhere. The wild cats are not so wild nor so fierce as animals of the same name in other countries, but are simply the domestic cats which, having abandoned the protec tion and companionship of man, have started in business on their own account. It is very probable that in the course of a few generations they may assume some of the traits of the bona fide wild cat. There are, as you are aware, no snakes here, so that one need not give his blan kets a shake before turning in, to see if such unwclcome visitors are present or not. But snakes or no snakes, I like New South Wales best, and especially New England, and in New England especially Uralla. Well, I have managed to fill up a good deal of paper with my ideas, though per haps, after all, they are not worth the paper, or at any rate the postage. I know if some of the New Zealanders-I mean those who laud New Zealand as the best country in the world, " the finest cli mate," " the bluest sky," " the most pro gressive," " the richest," &c.;, &c.;, ad nauseam-to which I would add the greatest blowers, and the most egotistical: well, if some of them saw my private opi nions publicly expressed, they would cas tigate me severely (with the pen) for dar ing to differ with them. What, then? My opinions would still remain the same, though they (the blowers) might prove, or assert, that I was the only one that ever did, would, or could think so dis paragingly of this model country, this beau ideal of a colony, this Utopia. Un fortunately its prosperity at present is due to borrowed money being lavished freely, but when the money is all spent, and the screw put on, those who live will see. But perhaps by that time the birds of passage who are now, like a boa constric tor, slavering their prey ere they bolt it may, with a well-feathered nest, flee away to some quiet spot in Victoria or New South Wales, and leave us here to pay the piper-they who by their skill have charmed us into insensibility of anything else but the beautiful tune of three or four millions to spend. 