STRANGE STORY. ANOTHER proof of tlie old adage " mur der will out" is given by the Trenton ' Sentinel': It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near the Stonybrook bridge, about one mile to the East of Pennington, a village in New Jersey county. We were children then, residing near said village, and remember the circumstances well. It was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circum stances ; for boyhood, as well as age, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them ! The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face distorted, the eyes protruding as though the dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remem bered to have seen him. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of vio lence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysteri ous deed, and no verdict of supposed mur der was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of the ' Manchester (England) Ex aminer.' In the number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in the state of New Jersey, United StateB of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberliart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner and worked in New York. When Eberliart came out he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberliart on a tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pen nington, the weather being pleasant, and public vehicles being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stopped to eat food they had pro cured before starting. Hulseman then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on all the while. He then robbed him of his money, and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will re member this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death-bed confession three thousand miles from the place of commission ; and yet it is even so. THEOLOGICAL NUTS.-I wonder is it ne cessary for clergymen to keep preaching on " the doctrines i" I can't help thinking that to teach men and women how to live, is much more important in this brief life than to define doctrines. I can't help thinking that the time spent in telling how the adherents of every denomina tion but our own are going to the " bad place," had better be spent in teaching those about us how to get to the good place. If you reply that it is necessary to put up these doctrinal fences to keep intruders off our territory, I say, if you are wiser than anybody else in the world, it would be a more Christian act to leave wide open the hospitable gates, that out siders might come in and profit by it. If you had anathematised a visitor on your front door step, he wouldn't be likely to accept your after invitation to come in and sit down with you at your table, would he 1 Now there are the great army of the weary-hearted, who look up to their "minister" with eyes wistful, like those of a dumb animal in pain, hungering for the hopeful, cheering word that shall give them strength to shoulder another week's burdens ; why, instead of the bread of heaven, give them the stone of an indigestible doctrine 1 I hope what I say will be taken in all kindness, as it is meant. I have so many times under such circumstances gone away without having my burden lifted, not so much as by a finger, from the above causes, that I can not but deplore it; no more than I can help being grateful for the fitting words that have been to meiike "apples of gold in pictures of silver." The misery that may not be spoken to human ears ! The cross worn close into the tender heart, of which there is no outward sign ! Oh, if clergymen would oftener deal with these ! Creeds ! I don't know them. I know God's love, and our exceeding needB. I know His infinite pity, and our out reached, groping fingers. I don't ask what my neighbour believes. I want to know how he lives.-FANNY FEBN. ENJOYING LIFE.-It is singular to what an extent people believe happiness de pends on not being obliged to work. Girls are considered well married if their husbands are wealthy, and boys con sidered provided for, if enough can be left them for support, and enough surplus to play "business" with. Bosh! Honest, hearty, contented labour is the only source of happiness, as well as the guarantee of life. The gloom of misanthropy is not only a great destroyer of happiness we might have, but it tends to destroy life itself. Idleness and luxury induce pre mature decay much faster than many trades regarded as the most exhaustive and fatal to longevity. Labour in gene ral, instead of shortening the term of life, actually increases it. It is lack of occu pation that actually destroys so many of the wealthy, who have nothing to do but play the part of drones, and like them make a speedy exit, while the busy bee fills out its day in usefulness and honour. An extraordinary occurrence is reported from Devonshire. The passengers by the four-horse mail-coach Queen, which plies between Okehampton and Holswortho, were placed in fearful jeopardy on Wed nesday night, at a half-way house known as Brandis-coraer. The driver and out side passengers had alighted for refresh ment, when suddenly the horses started off at a gallop. It was some time be fore the passengers learnt that they were dashing along one of the most precipitous and tortuous roads in Devonshire without a driver. At length the women and chil dren were dropped carefully while the animals were ascending an acclivity, and when at the bottom of the hill the ani mals, from force of habit, pulled up to have the drag removed, the other passen gers alighted ; but before the horses' heads could be grasped, they resumed their career, nor did they slacken pace until they arrived at Holswortho, having tra versed six miles of dangerous road at more than their ordinary pace. GERMS IN THE ATMOSPHERE.-Professor Bechamp of Montpelier lately read a paper before the Paris Academy of Sciences on the essential nature of the small, solid, organised particles carried by the atmosphere, and on the part they play in the phenomena of fermentation. On carefully examining, through the microscope, the dust deposited by the air in his laboratory, and that collected in the streets of the town, he waB struck with the great analogy of form between the molecular granulations revealed by the instrument, and those described by him under the name of mycrozymas, as existing in chalk and fresh water, or marine calcareous by him which seem to confirm his opinion that these germs have the same origin. In the course of the interesting discussion which followed the reading of this paper, Mr. E. Blanchard said it has been asked, how can we ex plain the presence of living beings whose germs have been transported by the air to vases enclosing organic substances, when they have not been found in other vases, containing only water, placed in the same spot 1 The explanation is not difficult; living creatures are only de veloped when they succeed in finding those conditions which are necessary for their existence. Micrographers varying their infusions and macerations, have obtained different mixtures, and hence they have found in some what they could not see in othera. The law is general, and here the comparison is instructive : An embryo of teenia (or tape-worm)-that is to say, a cysticercus-is found in the hare; this cysticercus, swallowed by a dog, and introduced into the intestinal canal, is placed in the condition indispen sable for its development; it presently becomes an enormous taenia. Eaten by a cat-which is, nevertheless a carnivo rous animal like the dog-the formation ceases. He described various experiments by which cysticercus at once perishes. The same phenomenon is 'presented among all orders of taenia. For a man to have tape- worm, he must swallow the cysticercus of pork; the cat to be thus affected must swallow the cysticercus of a rat. Ik a word, life is only possible for all creatures under definite conditions; and if these conditions can only be ob tained, then the abundance of eggs, or germs, becomes enormous, and so assures the perpetuity of the species. A CHALDEAN ACCOUNT OF THE DELUGE. -The ' Daily Telegraph' has received from Mr. George Smith, of the British Museum, the subjoined account of the record of the Deluge, which he has lately deciphered from the Assyrian monu ments :-The cuneiform inscription which I have recently found and translated gives a long and full account of the Deluge. It contains the version or tradition of this event which existed in the early Chaldean period at the city of Erech (one of the cities of Nimrod), now represented by the ruins of Warka. In this newly-discovered inscription the account of the Deluge is put as a narra tive into the mouth of Xisuthrus or Noah. He relates the wickedness of the world, the command to build the ark, its build ing, the filling of it, the Deluge, the resting of the ark on a mountain, the sending out of the birds, and other mat ters. The narrative has a closer re semblance to the account transmitted by the Greeks from Berosus, the Chaldean historian, than to the Biblical history, but it does not differ materially from, either ; the principal differences are as to the duration of the Deluge, the name of the mountain on which the ark rested, the sending of the birds, &c.; The cunei form account is much longer and fuller than that of Berosus, and has several details omitted both by the Bible and the Chaldean historian. This inscription opens up many questions of which we knew nothing previously, and it iB con nected with a number of other details of Chaldean history, which will be both in teresting and important. This is the first time any inscription has been found with an account of an event mentioned in Genesis. THE WIFE'S COMMANDMENTS.-The ' Jubbulpore Chronicle' publishes the fol lowing, which every respectable husband would do well to adopt as his creed:-1. Thou shalt have no other wife but me. 2\. Thou shalt not.take into thy house any beautiful brazen image to bow down to her to serve her, for I am jealous wife, visiting, &c.; . 3. Thou shalt not take the name of thy wife in vain. 4. Re member to keep her respectably. 5. Honour thy wife's father and mother. 6\. Thou Bhalt not scold. 7. Thou shalt not find fault with thy dinners. 8. Tliou shalt smoke tobacco at home and drink tea with me. 9. Thou shalt not-bo behind thy neighbours. 10. Thou shalt not visit the rum tavern, thou shalt not covet the tavernkeeper's rum, nor his brandy, nor his gin, nor his whisky, nor his wine, nor anything that is behind the bar of iche rum-seller. 11. Thou shalt not visit the billiard saloon, neither for worshipping in the dance, nor the heaps of money that lie .on the table j and the twelfth commandment is-12. Thou shalt not stay out later than ten o'clock at night. A rhinoceros gave an exhibition at Mon roe, in Illinois, the other day, for which, certainly, neither the owner nor the au dience bargained. It . was brought into the circus, for the first time by two strong wire ropes fastened to a ring through its nose, led by twenty-four men. Suddenly throwing back its head, and dashing to the right and left, it shook off the twenty four men, . It then knocked down and trampled to death one of the attendants, turned, upon another, and killed him also. Having despatched these, it rushed madly upon the audience, and scattered them like chaff; but, fortunately, only injur ing a few, it caused no more deaths. It next ran full tilt against the oentre polo of the tent, and brought the whole thing about its ears, and finished by smashing up the museum tent of curiosities. It was at length captured, after killing two men, wounding several, and destroying nearly £700 worth of property. A CONGREGATION LOCKED IN.-Some consternation (says a London paper) was caused in St. Luke's Church, Lower Nor wood, on Sunday morning, when, at the conclusion of the service, the congrega tion, rising to depart, found all the doors locked. Disapprobation was freely ex pressed. at.this, new-fangled arrangement. On making enquiries of the vergers, we are informed that an order had been given for no one to be permitted to leave the church until the minster and curate had left the church. " I declare," said an old lady, reverting to the promise made on her marriage day by her liege lord, " I shall never forget when .O.badiah put the nuptial ring on my finger, .and said, ' With all my worldly goods I.tliee endow.' He used to keep a dry-goods store then, and I thought he was going to give me all there was in it. I was young, and did not know till after wards that it meant one calico dress a year." 