TUB OTIHSK SIDE OK THE QUESTION. (7o tuc L;?tf->r or the Ikndiao Advertiser.) Sir.—Ki\>m your i?sue of this morning I perceive that you l«.«\v discovered a maru's nest in tho <l spiritist r' camp. as you call us, in tbe shape of a duped parent, who lives somewhere botweeu the Yoikshive Htdel and Elliott's brewery. I wonder who the poor deluded mortal can bo I Better for Inm, no doubt, to have stuck to tho ghost stories ■which he found in his bible, and which, of course, ate all true, than to have given heed to deceiving spirit* in his own ag>; and neighborhood. Distanco lends, enchantment to the view, and tho gliosis of l\il«i«<*ino are far superior to tho everyday sort of gUv^ts to be found about such a inatter-of-faefc place as old Beudigo. No doubt now that the parent in question has had his eyes opened to the " delusiou " of44 Spiritism " and its lyinjr wonder*, he will, like a sensible man, once more betake him selt back to the true fold, out of which, like Noah's Ark, there is nu safety. Your lively para gi.iph of this morning, headed 11 A Nut for the t>»)!iitia:s," Wi-.s really amusing, especially 30 to' ail Spiritualists wit), like myself, understand itie why and the wheieforu of the matter. I am ftorry, however, to be obliged to disturb the which some of }*our orthodox rj.-uWs have difplayed over youy discovery, by assuring yon ami thorn that tho paragraph in question MForded us tho jrreatesf pleasure. If you, sir, ^<-iid do the Spiii-ualists and the. cause \yc have Wni ihf justice of publishing the ravings and i-'J)le-r;ippu:£ uonsbnso of nU swoU " smritjJjts^ j\s i1;" yvrsun yon uv^utioHj you woftkj qtj t\a;r>£ V-mv:. tm'm &miK;<alUra is no: ^ospotv W Hi? silii mWvh of WtoO know m> more of It tlmn gottlng a table to tilt or a hut to apin round. Any pevsUnn who rvo silly onough to cxpoat correct information from tho spirit wiiHil, or to hilii|:iilo that thoy nro in direct oomltiUnibatlon \Vlth npliita by mloh means, arc ir vl 1 y to ho pitied, atut tho bust \v'Ay to dual with thorn in to immortalizo thorn in tho maimer yon havo dono tho deluded parient of tho upper ltuudigo Flat. l.et mo here inform you that .Spiritualist* iitlicm again and ngniu tli.U (it) per cont. of tho Buppo*ed npirit-oom municatlons aro not from npiriu at all, and that uulosa a (est uistUum of a high onlor is present it is next to hopeless to got n reliable onm iminioation from npiilts (by means of the table or otherwise) of tho oharaotrr named in your para graph of this morning. Spiritualists do not lioUsve that, your friend wai In eomnmnieation with spirits at all, «o that thorn is no need to father tho matter upon thu shoulders of " lying BplrUa." Thoy will i >:ll you that it Wan neither more nor Ions than bis own niiiid noting in conneotion with tho informa tion whioh ho had previously roeeived of tho sup posed death of his sou. This and twilling move. I will now pivo you a nut to crack, and nhall he glad to hoar what explanation you can giro tif tho interesting phenomena, It in un cxtraot from n loiter which I rocoivcd from my fvlond Or. Richard «on by tho last mail. Ami I mny add, thousands in Kuglaud and America have witnosscd Mmibn manifestations to those noon by the doctor. Sooinjx in believing, jon know. Tho following is the extract:—'* I onclo.no you a photograph of a spirit, you may depend upon tho truth of spirit photos, although I Mlppu.iH thtitl) haVo biioti sUnta false ones manufactured fol siiiHo. Hypocrisy and dunoit are however fcho homago paid to vivtuo and truth. TU« very tact ot their being imitation spirit photon kUovth that there must bare boon truo ones. AH horo arc perfectly satisfied of tho fact now, and tho ovidonco is accumulating daily. I attended a seance at. Williams's, 01, Lamb'* Conduit-.street. and wo had good evidence. I tied up tho medium in tho cabinet, and presently h:i\v John King walk out of tho cabinet; he carries his own light. i'e hns invented it. U appcau to bo phosphorescent, no amoke or flame, hut is apparently a solid nub utance like a glaa* crystal. Ho in a most agreeablo spirit, and most obliging; ho was drapod with a turban on his head, lie has lifted .some one up at a seance at Mrs. Maclougal OletfvrjV llo got on tho table, thou wont up to tho coiling, then itosuvnuvii w *».. a ,♦ p< all* ha was acCompaniod by rotor who ouleu Joiro iVum «.»»«. •llJosa." Vou will see all thin in th« of Sth August, which will contain a photo." From tho above extract and hundreds of similar onus which X could give you, you will be able soo that SpirituaUnU oau produca abundance of ovidonco of tho truth of their belief. 2nd October, 1S7.T A SIM RITUALIST. 