TEE MURRA3T RAILWAY. Yesterday afternoon, Ausrust 11, a meeting, called by the Mayor .(Mr. W. Coltnan), in compliance with a requisition, was held at Hooper's Hotel, Strathalbyn, for tithe purpose of considering the question-of the construction of a railway from Adelaide -to the River Murray. About SO persons were present, and the Mayor presided. The CHAIRMAN read apologies for non- attendance from the Hon. Thomas Reynolds and Mr. W. Sogers, M.P.'s for Encounter Bay, stating that as they had already addressed a meeting at Victor ^Harbour they did not consider - it necessary to attend. Mr. Reynolds mentioned that he had been almost ; blind for some days, and that although better he was anxioub to avoid exposure. The Chairman also mentioned that Dr. Ferguson was ,unable to attend, as he had been called away professionally. Mr. E. J.IHECTOR moved— " That it is inexpedient to construct a railroad from .Adelaide to the River Murray, the existing facilities being sufficient for the present trade." The Murray was already connected with Adelaide by three macadamized roads—one to Blanchetown, one to Mannum, and one to Mil an sr. Besides, there was a railway from Goolwa to Victor Harbour, and a great deal of money had been spent in making Victor Harbour an available port. At present the whole traffic of the Darling was conveyed by one of these routes; some of it was brought down the river and landed at Blanchetown^ some came to Mannum, some to Milang, and some to Goolwa and Victor Haebour. It had been asserted by some of the merchants in Adelaide that the delay in the transport of wool from any one of these ports was se great that we were likely to lose the trade. Now there seemed to be no difficulty in getting the wool from the river to Adelaide. It was only a question of time. The time usually occupied was about two and a half days for teams. There was also a difficulty at Port Victor. The vessels did not get loaded up sufficiently quick, and a great deal of time was lost. In order to get quicker dispatch for wool to England it was proposed to construct a railway to Mannum at an estimated cost of £400,000. This was accord- ing to one engineer's estimate, but it was not confirmed by the estimates of other engineers, which varied from £800,000 to £1,000,000. The whole of tbe outlay was for the sake of getting about 18,000 bales of wool down the Darling, because it was impossible for us to get the trade from the Murrumbidgee District, which was now in the hands of Melbourne. The Darling trp.de amounted to 18,000 bales, but the merchants expected to be to able to wrest the Murrumbidgee as well as the Darling trade from Victoria. In order to make people believe that the trade was very important some very fallacious figures had been read befere the Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Charnock's estimate of the area of the country which was adjacent to the various rivers—the Darling, Murrumbidgee, and Murray—was 200,000 square miles, and he estimated that in 10 years hence it would contain 15,000,000 sheep. They knew very well it contained only 5,000,000, so the numbers would have to increase very vastly during the next 10 years. Of course the sheep were of mixed sexes and ages, so it would be a very rapid increase, and much faster than the natural increase. That was one error. Another was thr.t the sheep would produce 6g lbs. of wool each. Many gentlemen there were well acquainted with the produce of Merino sheep, and they knew very well whether flocks of sheep of all ages and both sexes would get 6§ lbs. of wool each. (Mr. Lander—"Yes.") The Biverina country was expected to contain 15 millions of sheep in ten years' time. Now the area of Victoria, which was the pick of Australia as regarded grass, was 86,000 square miles. It was estimated by Mr. Charnock that the Biverina country was as good as the pick of Australia, but they knew that it was subject to periodical droughts, when the sheep died by thousands, and sheep could not be expected to do as well as in Victoria. Victoria contained about 6^ millions of sheep; therefore, according to Mr. Charnock, the Kiverina country would have to be as rich as Victoria to keep the number of sheep that he estimated it would contain. Tasmania hadi a good climate, and contained a large number of sheep in comparison to her acreage. The area of that colony was 26,000 square miles, and she contained 700,000 sheep. If Riverina, with a very inferior climate, and subject to periodical droughts, were to contain as many sheep per square mile as Tasmania with her superior climate, it would only contain 13 million sheep. He thought Air. Charnock had not been particular in his figures. He had done all he could to make the trade appear very large, so as to make it appear that the railway would pay. He thought the whole project was premature. Some day or other 'a railway might be required—("No")—to Mannum, Blanchetown, or North-West-Bend, but at the present time we had a great many other things to do. The Northern areas were crying out for roads, railways, ports, and all sorts of things, and it would be a mere waste of money to make a railway to the Murray at present. Besides, we had not labour to do everything. If we did one we could not do another. If this railway were projected and passed, the money would be diverted from works in our own province. He thought it was more important to develop our own resources, which brought in taxes and brought in public revenue, than to do anything for the benefit of another colony. Mr. JAS. RANKINE seconded. He certainly considered that it would be highly inexpedient to construct a railway from Adelaide to the Murray, even granting that Mr. Charnock's statistics were perfectly true. He had given the subject a good deal of consideration, and excepting the Adelaide merchants be could not 6ee any way in which a railway would benefit the people of South Australia generally. Of course it would be a great benefit to the merchants, and also to the Riverine squatters; but it was for them to consider whether it would be wise to incur such a large debt for the purpose of benefiting so small a class of the community. It was well known to all there, he imagined, that goods going up the river would pay no duty to this colony, the Government having agreed to pay £13,000 per annum to New South Wales as the estimated dutv upon all goods going there. Previously lo that arrangement the duties were paid at the ports on tho river, Goolwa, Milang, and Mannnm, from which the goods were shipped. This arrangement was, in his opinion, £13,000 given into the hands of the Adelaide merchants— certainly a class of people who required no assistance from the general community. Had this railway been one to the Northern area', or anywhere else in Sobth Australia, the revenue would have been benefited by the Customs on goods sent there, the land through which the railway ran would be enhanced in value, and probably a ready sale would be found for hundreds of thousands of acres, ia which way the colony would be reimbursed for outlay. It also appeared to him that a railway was altogether unrecessary, and that the present facilities were quite enough for the Murray trade. They had plenty of horses, and they could soon make wagons and find men enough to take all the traffic from Mannum or any other port on the river; all the merchants had to do was to offer a suitable price. The merchants said this was a question of time. He supposed they meant a delay ef several weeks. But the time occupied by wagons would not be a great deal behind that which would be occupied in carrying goods down by rail. He would confirm what Mr. Hector had said as to the inaccuracy of Mr. Charnock's statistics as to the wool which would come down from the rivers. He believed his estimate of 225,000 bales was 70,000 too much. In his experience of merinos he found that a hundred fleeces went to a bale; and, taking lambs into aceount—which would form at least a fifth of the 15,000,003 sheep—he ceuld not estimate the quantity of wool they would yield at more than 70,000 bales less than Mr. Charnock did. (Mr. Lander— "No.") The Chamber of Commerce in the letter which they addressed to the Treasurer to encourage the Government to bring in a Bill for the completion of the proposed railway admitted that the railway if constructed would not pay working expenses for years. Well, that was a great deal for the promoters of anything to pdmit. They generally took a more sanguine view of matters than afterwards appeared was justified, and he thought they might very safely conclude that the line would never pay expenses. It appeared that already the expenses <rf 'bringing down wool to this colony was much less than it cost to take it to Melbourne. In a letter cent by Mr. Allen, of Victor Harbour, to the Register, he showed that it cost £7 18s. per ton to take wool from the Murrumbidgee by way of Echucato Melbourne, whilst it could be delivered at Victor Harbour for £3 15s. If in spite of this enormous difference wool was still sent on to Melbourne, it showed that there must be very powerful attractions-there, and he saw that Mr. Acraman, at the Chamber of Commerce, had specified some of ithem. It seemed to him that everything had been done which they well could do to induce the trade to come to South Australia, and he must protest in the strongest manner against the proposed outlay, which would increase to a -very serious extent their debt, without promising at the same time to be any benefit whatever to any class of the community except the -merchants of Adelaide. (Applause.) Mr. R. ALLEN, JUN*, thought in all these questions misstatements did a very great injury, and therefore he wished to correct a gross misstatement made by Mr. Rankine, when he said this colony paid £13,500 per annum which went directly into the Adelaide merchants' pockets'. Before this morey was paid the squatter, if he o.dered goods, paid the duty, not the merchant. Then Mr. Hector stated that the quantity of wool which came down the Darling at the present time was 18,000 bales. If he estimated it at 12,COO he would be nearer the truth; but that it was capable of being increased to 50,000 bales he was prepared to prove. A railway, however, would never secure it, for if it was a question of railway, the wool would go by way of Echuca. Mr. RANKINE believed that what he said was perfectly correct. Undoubtedly the squatters eventually paid the duty, but the merchants stuck it on, and charged them so much more. Mr. AIXEN was a shipping agent, aod ought to know about the matter. The merchants at the time they shipped goods at the various river ports paid the duty, and of course they took care when they delivered them to charge the squatters such a price as would cover the duty and recover their profit. Now the-revenue paid £13,£00 to the New South Wales Government; ihe merchant here paid the South Australian duty, whereas formerly he had to pay both. Mr. A. H. LANDSEER had much pleasure in supporting the resolution. He considered a railway to the Murray would be va-sus common sense and justice to South Australia. (Hear, hear.) He would first of all look at this trade as if the territory through which the river ran belonged to South Australia, and he thought he should be borne out by that meeting when he stated that, even if such were the case, the facilities offered to the trade were fully adequate to its requirements. They had an excellent seaboard road at one end, with a tramway connecting it 11 miles in length, and goods could be brought along it from the steamers at Goolwa and put on board at from 17s. 6d. to £1 per ton. They had a good land road b} way of Milang, over which goods could be taken to the city at dead weight at the rate of 25s. per ton, and along another road from a little higher up the river the average was 27s. 6d. to 30s. If the river territoiy belonged to South Australia they should consider these facilities amply sufficient. (Hear, hear.) In addition to this it was a notorious fact that within the last few weeks the four principal steamers belonging to the trade had carried heavy cargoes through the Murraymouth—(applause)—and that day there was a letter from Captain Geo. Johnston in the Register speaking in high terms of it. He doubted whether it would be honest, to look upon it in the mildest sense, to tax the population £2 per head for this scheme which had teen proposed by some of their worthy friends in Adelaide. Out of a network of rivers of about 5,009 miles of navigation South Australia held only 466 miles, at one end of which was Victoria, and at the other New South Wales. Victoria in the most straightforward manner says determinedly, " South Australia shall not reap the benefit of our population," and she protects her produce by charging a duty of 40s. per toa ou flour, 20s. on wheat, and £18 13s. 4d. on soap. In addition to this^ there was 5s. wharfage charged, though they "might have to land the goods on the river bank, so that so far as the river ran through Victorian country he thought they might consider themselves as absolutely shut out. South Wales, as she was not in a position to do tbe trade herself, not having pushed her railways to the river, kindly consented to take £47,000 from Victoria and £13,000 from South Australia, so that they might forward what goods they could to the river squatters; and when they remembered that the Melbourne merchants had managed to get Victoria to tax her population to the tune of £8 per head to build a railway to further their interests, they might congratulate the promoters on the success of their scheme, and be very happy to see South Australia adopt any such scheme. Though they paid £13,000 per annum for this trade, they must remember that they had not yet spent their mil 1 ion of money to connect Adelaide with the Murray. Why did New South Wales, when she asked Victoria £47,000 for the share of trade she was doing, only ask South Australia £13,000, except that it showed the latter was doing less of the trade? Immediately on South Australia making a railway to the Murray New South Wales would expect £20,000 or £30,000—(Hear, hear)—and should they refuse to pay she would only make terms with Victoria to farm the duties as before. It would be a most brilliant speculation certainly to construct a railway for such a trade. He should feel deeply grieved to see their young colony duped and fcoled into entertaining such a scheme as this, and he was certain every thinking colonist must come to the same conclusion. Looking at the warmth displayed at the late meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, and the prominency Mannum assumed, one would almost think that some members of the Chamber had a lease of that invaluable spot, and he was very gratified that Messrs. Goode and Acraman took the stand they did, for they both seemed to think that if they did not step forth and say something in this matter the Chamber would feel almost committed to the Mannum Railway scheme. After referring to Mr. Acraman's remarks, and his statement that even three railways would not secure the Murray'trade, he said, in addition to the fact of freights being lower from Victoria than from Port Adelaide, he would show how distorted facts must be to attempt to show that South Australia held even the ghost of a chance as regarded Riverina wools. Hay, on the Murrumbidgee, which was about the most central and one of the leading townships in that locality, was from Adelaide about the same distance as Wilcannia, on the River Darling, was. He wished them particularly to note the figures he would now give:—Washed wool from Wilcannia to Mannum, per ton, as per rates agreed to (per steamer), £6 5s.; Mannum Railway, when constructed as per Mr. Charnock's" rates, £1 Is. = £7 6s. Wool as per statement in Register, from Echuca to Melbourne per ton, £2 5s. 6d.; steamer freight from Hay to Echuca, £2 = £4 5s. 6d. This gave £3 0s. 6<L iu favour of the route by Echuca and Hay. Mr. Charnock gave the figures for this route even lower. They were as follows:—Wool from Echuca to WUliamstowr, £1 19s. 2d. per ton : steamer freight from Hay to Echuca, £2 = £3 19s. 2d. This last showed a clear saving to the shipper of wool from Hay of £3 6s. lOd. per ton, besides a cheaper rate of freight from Victoria. He gave no agency charges in either case, as they would be about the same. Did this look like being able to compete with Victoria for Riverine woo!? Yet the promoters of this mad railway scheme would try to make the public believe there was a chance. To show how determined the promoters of this Mannum Railway were they might note that they had been round to Adelaide Insurance Offices to get an extra rate of insurance put on to vessels crossing the Lake, though there had not been a single package damaged in vessels going upwards for 15 years, and not a bale of wool lost. (Applause.) Truly a Mannum craft came to grief by getting on a sandspit, and damaged a lot of wool, and another vessel got ashore, having left her anchor at home. (Laughter and applause.) But for every accident on the Lake they could count 20 up the river, and in many instances with losses of wool, which there was not in the cases he had mentioned. It was merely a matter of drying. No doubt a Melbourne Insurance Company would soon put this matter right. He had spoken to captains, and they had told him that there was less danger in crossing the Lake than in taking one of the sharp bends of the river. Lately, strange to say, all men who had surveyed Victor Harbour—and many were men of note—and who had stated that with little cost it could be made a splendid harbour, were hald up as ignorant pretenders, and it was said that the harbour was no good. This had only come about in a short space of time. It was also said that there were too many ports on the river. Three was the number, and according to his humble experience of trade he had always considered that competition was the spirit of trade —(applause)—and he had no hesitation in saying that the Darling squatters had found that to be the case, for he believed that they got their goods from Adelaide for half what they paid ten years ago. The action taken lately in order to force Mannum upon the squatters by increasing the insurance, making difficulties where none existed, and, in order to carry on the Mannum scheme, forming combinations among the shipowners at rates agreed to, would just drive the Darling squatters and merchants to Echuca to seek that which they found South Australia did not offer them, viz., fair trading. (Applause.) This came of trying to force a certain route at no matter what cost to suit a few interested parties. (Applause.) If they were able to spend a large sum of money for a railway, let them see that it led to the Northern areas and mineral districts, which were pining for want of communication; or at least into our own territory, where we assumed not merely the position of carriers to the colony, but took duties for the general benefit of the colony. Let them think for a moment that when they saw a dozen case of spirits in transit that it h*>.d paid 20s. into the common Treasury; a quartercask £14 to £17; a chest of tea £1 Is.; a halftierce of tobacco £40. This was the case when the goods were consumed by our own people. A railway for the Murray trade would just reverse this^for we handed over the duties to New South Wales in a lump sum. Would any sane man who had the interest of our young colony at heart use all his public funds for such a work as a railway for the Murray trade under the circumstances ? He had hoped that they had committed folly enough regarding the Murray for one while by sending home for that obstruction to Murray navigation called the Murray Bridge, which they were erecting near Thomson's at a cost of thousands to the colony, and under which an ordinary sailing-boat of 10 tons would not be able to pass. It commenced in the land of misery, and ended on the other in a country of bog and despair. (Laughter.) It behoved them well to watch and carefully to look into this matter. He hoped that the Southern Districts would put themselves into communication with the Northern ones; and, if need be, the country would rise to a man before such a wilful sacrifice of public money should be made as spending it in a railway to the Murray. (Cheers.) He hoped they would see that the Legislature was fully conversant with the facts; £>nd it was only by agitation and calling their attention to a matter that they could place them in that condition. He looked upon it as domination to attempt to force the scheme in such a way upon the colony for such purposes. As to the point in dispute between Mr. Allen and Mr. Rankine, he mentioned that when goods were sent up the charges were made upon the squatter whether directly or included in the price charged for the goods. Under existing circumstances we bound ourselves to pay into the New South Wales Treasury £13,000 a year for three years; but supposing the Darling in its kindness should take up tbe idea of closing for 18 months, as it did before, it would place the colony in an awkward position. He did not think South Australia was in a better position than she was before. Goods sent up paid duty all the same. (Mr. Rankine—"It is paid by the Government; not individually.") He did not pay it himself, but the country paid it. Mr. A. R. ADDISON had much pleasure in endorsing what Mr. Landseer had said. His speech had been more to the point than any he had Leard. Mr. Landseer had shown that if a railway was taken to the Murray or anywhere else it would not secure the river trade. They wanted to make the colony see distinctly that if such an expenditure was gone into it would be inflicting the mary for the benefit of a few. (Hear, bear.) "What So-and-so paid as a merchant in Adelaide was not the question, but it was what the poor man would have to piy for this ridiculous scheme. He was confident that no railway they could make would secure the trade to South Australia. If we are wanted to fight Victoria, it must be with different weapons to her own. If the Government were in earnest in wishing to obtain the Murray traffic, he thought a capital suggestion was made by Captain Johnston, that they should take the risk of the navigation of the Murraymouth. It would not be very great, or if they thought it was, they might divide the risk with the Insurance Companies. He was much obliged to Mi-. Landseer for the clear way in which he had put tbe question, which was not a matter of this or that port, but they wished to save the colony this abominable expenditure. Mr. LANDSEER pointed out that when Mr. Dunn put up for the district he had suggested that a boat should be subsidized in the way Mr. Addison mentioned, and he understood, from Mr. Dunn that the chances were that he would bring such a motion forward. But sirce then they had learnt that it was unconstitutional to give seed wheat in a time of distress, and he did not think it would be very constitutional to 'run a boat through the Murray-mouth to benefit the Riverina squatters or men living on the Darling. The motion was put and declared carried unanimously. Mr. HECTOB moved— _ "That the following circular be printed, signed by the Chairman of this meeting, and forwarded to every member of Parliament and all Chairmen of District Conreils in the colony:— "' Sir—Your attention is respectfully called to the following resolution, passed at a public meeting held at Strathalbyn on 11th August, on t v e subject of the Murray trade. (Here follow the resolution.) If your views accord with those enumerated therein, your earnest opposition is solicited to any scheme which may be brought before Parliament to provide for such a wasteful expenditure of public money, for the following reasons:— " 1 1. Because the Darling trade, now in our hauds, and not exceeding 12,000 bales of wool per annum, is insufficient to pay the working expenses of any such railway. " ' 2. Because the Murrumbidgee trade, now entirely in the hands of Melbourne, is done at such a cheap rate that it will be impossible, without great loss to ourselves, to divert it to Adelaide. " '3. Because the urgent requirements of the newly settled farming areas demand instant attention, and will absorb all the available labour that can be spared from our usual occupations. " 4 4. Because the development of our own country, occupied by a population paying its taxes to South Australia, is far more necessary, and must be more reproductive than to lay out the money in the speculation of becoming the carriers of New South Wales.' " Mr. R. ALLEN and Mr. RANKINE supported the resolution. Remarks were made by Mr. W. A. E. WEST- ERSKINE, M.P., and Mr. J. G. RAMSAY, M.P., fully reported in to-day's Register, for which we have no space. Mr. A. F. LINDSAY thought it desirable that the public should know how much public money had been spent at Victor Harbour for the purpose of improving it as a harbour and making it convenient and safe. The only amount that was applied for the safety of the harbour was the sum spent in providing moorings, and the expenditure was a trifle. The sum of £5,600 had been spenton a jetty terminating in six feet of water, but more recently £10,C00 had been spent in extending the jetty to Granite Island and making wharfs, and although that might be a convenience to shipping it did not add to the safety of the harbour. Mr. Charnock gave strong evidence in favour of Victor Harbour before the Select,,Committee; but he now said it was only fit for small vessels. It was as fit for vessels of 1,000 as of 100 tons, the difference being that vessels of 1,000 tons must lie further out; but neither would be perfectly safe if there was a south-east breeze. If protected from that one point the harbour would be safe for vessels of from 100 to 1,000 tons, and he believed the ordinary wool ships of this colony were not more than 1,000 tons. But how much was necessary? Mr. Mais, the Engineer-in-Chief, said that a breakwater could he made for £7,000,; but subsequently, on reconsidering his estimates, he thought it would require £10,000. But, supposing the larger sum were necessary to make the harbour so secure as to take a vessel of 1,000 tons, the amount would be a trifle. If they thought the traffic was so great as to make it necessary to accommodate a large amount of shipping, a breakwater 1,000 yards long could be made for £50,000. That expense would be trifling in comparison with the enormous amount proposed for a railway. Were a railway constructed, it would be a waste of money; but were it constructed and a few improvements made to Victor Harbour, it would not take the traffic. Mr. Dunn said that he would make it a condition of the construction of the railway that nothing more was done to Victor Harbour. That seemed clearly to show that such men as Mr. Dunn, who had interests at and were in favour of Port Adelaide, were afraid that Victor Harbour would be a dangerous rival to the railway. (Cheers.) If they made it unlawful for steamers to go below Mannum, the railway would have to take the traffic. He regarded it as perfectly legitimate to draw the trade to Port Adelaide if it could be done; but the colony should not be taxed forii;. If those in favour of Port Adelaide had confidence in their own theories, let the Government give them every facility to make the railway by means of a Company—(applause)—and let them have all profits— (applause)—but he objected most strongly toourbeingtaxed tosupportthe railway. A great deal of money had been spent that would not otherwise have been expended because the taxes were indirect; but if a taxgatherer called on everyone, and said—"The Murray Railway makeB a taxation of so much, hand over your share,'' he thought that would be the last of such works, and people would see that works were really of a reproductive character before they were undertaken. There was a wish to depreciate the value of the Riverine trade. He thought it would be of great value, and he did not think it would be hopeless to secure it. No doubt Melbourne was a formidable rival, and would draw a great deal of traffic. The idea was broached in the newspapers that it was worth fighting for, and we could expect a considerable share. And it could be secured at a trifling cost. After the three-fathom line was passed there was an increase of one fathom in depth every hundred yards till they gob to six fathoms, in which depth the Great Eastern could float, which could not be said of Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney. With a breakwater 1,000 yards long the Great Eastern could lie secure. A moderate expenditure would make the harbour to five fathoms inside, which would be enough for all purposes. He found that the President of the Marine Board in his last report, sent in in March, recommended thata party of prisoners should be sent to Victor Harbour to commence a breakwater. The late Government when they took office expressed their desire to forward the work; but what had been done was only what was ordered by the previous Ministry, and the late Government had done nothing. When the Government received a strong recommendation f.om the Marine Board to send prisoners down he thought they might have taken steps to do so. The motion was declared to be carried unanimously. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the Chairman and the Press. THE BUTCHERS.—A meeting of journeymen and master butchers was held at the London Inn, Flinders-street, on Monday, August 11. Mr. Buckurst presided, and the proposed rules of the new Association were read. Cemments weie made upon the manner in which the journeymen butchers had to work, they having been, it was urged, deprived of the opportunity of joining any Association for mental improvement. Mr. Harman pointed out that there were some slight omissions as regarded the time for meals, but he certainly was in favour of their movement. Mr. Fox remarked that the regulations of the Journeymen's Association might have been better by their sending a deputation that might adjust differences amicably. Mr. Bennett stated that he was there to act as Secretory, and would do all in Ins power to come to terms. Mr. Buckurst, on behalf of the journeymen, heartily thanked Mr. Bennett for his offer. Mr. Harm regretted that there were not more err ploypresent, as he came with the full intention of advocating the object sought. He contended that the masters were merely journeymen themselves under cattle-dealers, stockholders, and merchants, and were shown no mercy by their employers. The grievances ought to have been mooted before, and the hours were far too long both for masters and men. He coincided with Mr. Fox in thinking that the rules as drawn up should be submitted by some delegate from the employers. He considered that the men worked for far less wages than they were entitled to according to the rates generally ruling. Mr. Tregig remarked that many young men among the journeymen butchers were nob above attending night'schools to benefit themselves, or joining many Societies, with a view to improve their minds. This would be beneficial to master and man. Mr. Bennett offered to act as delegate and to call a meeting to consider the matters in dispute, and return an answer as soon as possible. Mr. Harman contended that this would be the best course. Thanks were accorded to the employers and the proceedings closed. THE OPERA.—There was a good house at the Royal on Monday evening, August 11, to witness the second performance this season of Bellini's " I' Puritani." The cast was the same as on the previous performance, and the beauty and elegance of Bellini's music lost nothing in its second production, but was rendered with all the prt and finish wiuch characterized its presentation on Friday evening last. In the emotional r61e of Elvira Signora Coy enchanted her audience, and met with frequent and prolonged applause, notably in the plaintive aria, " Sai come arde." and the sparklisg "Sou vergin vezzosa," tne latter being warmly redemanded, to which the Signora graciously complied. In the highly dramatic and touching scenes portraying the wild frenzy and pathetic outbursts of the blighted lover driven to madness by the supposed unfaithfulness of her swain, the Elvira of last evening was exquisitely conceived and powerfully rendered. Signor Coy's Arturo was worthy of the gentleman who has won so much favour for his careful and elegant tenor performances this season. Ricardo received ample justice at the hands of Signor Tournerie, and the same may be said of the Giorgio of Signor Dondi. The inspiring duet, "Souni la tromba e in trepido," with which the second act closes, was delivered with great effect, Ricardo and Giorgio narrowly escaping an encore. The happy conclusion to which the opera is brought was delightfully expressed in tbe chorus, "Amor pietoso e teneas," and the curtain fell amidst well-merited plaudits and showers of bouquets. The orchestra deserve special praise for their able perfoimance of the beautiful instrumental music with which " I' Puritani" abounds. Tonight Verdi's " La Traviata" will be produced for the first time this season. SPECIAL SEBVICES. — On Monday evening, August 11, the first of a series of religious services, which will be conducted every evening during the current week by various ministers of different denominations, was held at the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture-hall. There was a moderate attendance, and after devotional exercises the Rev. J. Lyall based an excellent address upon the words, "The Master is come, and calleth for thee."—John xL 28. A prayer meeting was afterwards held. (g" Notwithstanding the great advance in price of every description of Household Goods anxious consultations as to the cost of Furnishing may be greatly assisted by the latest revised edition of FLINT'S HOUBEHOLD FURNISHING LIST, published at 37, Hindley-street, where the goods referred to, including Furniture, Ironmongery, Earthenware, and Glassware may be seen. 210thscv ffjf* Important to Purchasers of DRAPERY and CLOTHING.—Solomon & Salom having Sold at Auction Mr. E. Cohen's Stock' of superior Drapery, the undersigned being one of the largest purchasers is now offering these Goods, together with his Winter Stock of Drapery and Clothing, at prices that must effect a speedy clearance. Discount on purchases of £1 and upwards. N.B.—Note the address—T. LONEB- GAN, 62. HINDLEY-STBEET. 179thscv 