THE LAUREATE'S ODE TO THE QUEEN. MESSRS STRAHAN AND CO have just completed their handsome library edition of Alfred Tennyson's works and in no more fitting and appropriate form have the Laureate's poems 01 or gone forth to the public. The two closing volumes, the fifth and sixth, contain the perfect Arthurian hopes, on which the poet has labored so long, and with such lingering devotion Here at last we have a consistent and doGmto arrangement of the many Idylls of the King, beginning with the " Coming of Arthur" attributing to the latest published of all, " Groth and JTjy notes," the first place among the legends of the Round Table mid closing, after the passionate poem in which Gui- nevere's sorrow and repentance also portrayed, with the first, and in some respects the host of all the Idylls, " The Passing of Arthur, first published a full generation ago. Every insinuates. member the impressive and high toned dedication to the "Idylls" which the Laureate period after the death of the Prince Consort the " noble father of our Kings to be in and it will seem to most as natural that the splendid British Epio thus lnuugiuatodshould close with an address " To the Queen," contrasting in some striking respects with that which Tennyson wrote on his appointment to the Limruatoship We need make no apology for doing the amplest justice to those lines-worthily crowning a worthy iBBHO of the Laureate's works by quot- ing them simply as lim) aland, in all their eloquent vigor, their noble scorn of the ignoble, and their touching roforouioB to that deep anxiety which little more than a year ago throw such a gloom over England 'The whole British people will gladly road those bold and energetic verses, which show that the Lum onto is fill from being indifferent to the quiz showed that agitate our time TO THE QUEEN. O Loyal to the royal in thyself, and loyal to the land, IIB this to thee Bear witness, that roinomborablo day When, pale as yet, and foresworn, the Prince Who Board had placed his Dickering life again From half-way down the shadow of the grave, Past with the thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tale of joy thro' all Her troubled millions, and long tongues of men And welcome I witness, too, the silent ory, The pray or of many H race and creed, and climb Tliundürlosa lightnings striking under noa From sunset and sunrise of nil thy realm. And think true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us-" keep you to your selves So loyal if too costly I Friends-your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond and go," Is this the tone of empire? bore the faith The mind IIB ruloraP this, school, her voice And moaning, whom the four of Hougoumont Loft mightiest of all people under heaven P What shock has fooled liar since, that she should speak So fooblyP woalthior-woalthioi- hour by hour The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate sale half-cost among her arms? There rung her voice when the full oily ponded Thou and thy Prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean empire with her boundless homes For ovor-broudoning England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one sale, one isle, That known not her own greatness : if she knows And dreads it we are fiill'n.-But thou, my Quocn, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imported tale, Now-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul j Rather than that Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, ninii-ahnpod from mountain peak, And leaves to cairn and cromlech still 5 or him Of Geoffrey's book, or firm of Malloor'e, one Touched by the adulterous finger of the time That severed between war and wantonness, And crownings und dethronement . take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance book From Clive and cure for some are Beared who mark Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy truckling to the transient hour, And three or careless IOOBOIIOI'B of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life. Or Oowurdico, the child of lust for gold, Or Labor, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art will poisonous honey stolen from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own hands the good of this great world Lion beyond sight: yet-if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common sense, That Saved her many times, not fail their fours Are morning shadows linger than the Shapes That caRt them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. Our colonial readers will note with interest the stinging allusion to the articles of the Times with respect to the future of Canada. An unenviable distinction is conferred on the loading journal by introducing its recent startling suggestions about Canada as " a strain of shame." And that the North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us "Keep you to your SOIVOB ; So loyal is too costly ! Monds-your love Is but a burthen LOOse the bond, and go." Is this the tone of empire P bore the faith That made in rulers ? At the first meeting of the Colonial Institute the quoting of those lines by Lord Bury, and his comments upon them, caused the greatest enthusiasm. There were present on that occasion representatives of many of the British colonies, Their prolonged cheers which rung out in favor of a consolidated union of the Empire and her colonies, were proof that a fervent loyalty to the mother- country prevails throughout her dependencies. The election of the Poet Laureate as an honorary member of the Colonial Institute was, on such an occasion, a graceful and appropriate act London Colonial News. THE present session of Parliament (says the S. M. Herald of the 18th instant will be pro- rogued by His Excellency the Governor to-day, at noon. The House met on the 5th of November last year for the despatch of business, and from that time to the present there have been ninety-three sittings. A remarkable feature of the session has been this-that honorable members have invariably made a quorum, and this is, no doubt, largely attributable to the change in the hour of meeting from 3 to 4 o'clock. On the few occasions when the House has been counted out it has commonly hues period after midnight, and always at a late hour. Never before have honorable members devoted so much of their time to public business and as to the results of their labors, for which they will no doubt be thanked to-day, a grateful country may be left to judge. It will be seen from our Parliamentary report that several bills were returned from the Legislative Council to the Assembly last night, and only await the assent of His Excellency the Governor to 1 become law. ? 