CLOSING OF PUBLIC ROADS. Tun following is the debate in the Assembly, as roported in Ilansa."d.I Mr. A. T. CLARK called the attlention of the Minister of Lands to the fiot thnt the return and plan furnished to the iHouse, ( Chirnside's estate, were incomplete; and did not supply the infoirmation requred to identify the unpurchnsed portion Tihe i'eturn showed simply the land purchased by the Messrs. Chirnside direct from the Crown; but he wished that it should incle- the sui'veyed roads. lie was infbrmied, on the very best authoirity, that those goeitlemen had, in their possession close upon 10,000 acres which had never been purchased from the Crown. T'he only way by which the fact could be ascer tained would bie to have a re-survey of the on tire area now held by the Messrs. Chirnsilde. The proceeding would involve some little trouble and exipense, but, seeing that land in the neighbourhood was worth £10 pier neroe it would pny to undertnko it, Mr. Cnstsr observed that the information furuished was in extiact accordance with the resolution of the House. Thie honorable member for Williamstown appeared to desire information which no Government depnrt ment could give. -All the land which Mr. Chirnside purchased firom the Crown there was a record of in the Lands department, and that record had been placed at the dis posal of honorable iomebers, on the motion of the honorable member for Williamstown. He was informed that Mr. Chirnside hand pnr chlsod land from persons who purchnsed tfrom the Crown, but the Lands department had no oflicial knowledge of that. There was aprin ciple of law which assumed that, where a road was laid off' or dedicated to the public, the owner of the land on either side owned part of the roand. Under those circumstances, the Government could inot ask Mr. Chirnside to purchase the lnnd, and they could not sell it to anybody else. All that could be done was that the purpose for which the roads were laid off-that ofbeing public thoroughfares should be preservedl; and no doubt, though he spoke subject to the ndvice of the Law officers, there was ample power within the control of the Government to compel this to be done. Any powers which the Government possessed would lie made use of in order to effect that object. Mr. VALE asked the Minister of, Lands if it was not the practice of Government surveyors, until wirhin the last fiw years, in the survey of country and suburban lands, to give a line of meaonsurement in excess of that which they registered, ns a sort of make-weight to conm pensate for an error in survey ? Mr. CAsEY said hlie was aware that a great many surveys were incorrect, and that some were done very slovenly'; and, no doubt, serious difliuonlties had arisen in consequence To meet those diltliculties, he was taking steps to have the geodeltic survey completed as soon as possible, The honorable member for Collingivood(Mr. Vale) was aware that no land passed except what was described in the Crown grant. Mr. VALE remarked that the conditions of sale formerly provided, if' they did not now provide, that the buyer bought the allotment by thie pegged-out bounduaries," be they more or less.' Mr. OCasEY sanid those conditions had ap plication only until the Crown grant issued. WVhen the Crown grant issued the purchaser was limited to the areaon therein described. Mr. BnnrY thought there would be no real practical difficulty in complying with the request of th.lie honornl?ble member for Williams- town. If a map of the shire was prepared, showing the ronds that should be in it, and the unalienated portions of Crown land, it would be easy enough to ascertain what portion of'thie shire belonged to Mr. Chirnside. No doubt the custom which lihad grown up of' alldwing pastoral tenants, and purchasers who stood in the1 place of pastoral tenants, virtually to obliterate roads, was becoming very do trimental to settlement. If the Government had power, as lie believed they liad, to compel the reservation of roads, not only in the district referred to by the hlionorable member for Williamstown, but all over the colony, they would do a great deal to check the aggre gation of large properties in the hands of a few individuals. So great had the evil be come that, the other day, some residents of Geelong wvre going along a road when they were charged with being trospassers, simply beeause the road had been practically ob literated, and no one know exactly where it was. It hlid booome absolutelynecessary, in self-defence, to have the roemtds fenced or marked out. Mr. CAsEY said hle would bo happy to supply any infoi'nation within the reach of the Lands department; If the honorable member for Williamstown chose to give notice of motion for a map showing the roadds and the unalienated lands within the shire, it should be placed on the unopposed list. Major SIril eonsidered that infor mation of the same kiid w~ith regard to the whole country might be' furnished with advamtage, ie knew many roads in the ]Ballarat district which were fenced il like those on the Werribee plains........ Mri 'LoNGuoRii believed that thei pro duction of ai map rw6ald do no good. Roads were supposed to bei under the care of shiieo councils, and yet those bodies paid no attention to applications requesting them to keep iroads open, There must be legishition to conipel shirme councils to keep roads open on the te quisition of aiiy single ratepay)e. Mr. J. T. SMITI. said M. Chimrside was not only the possessor ofa large property, but was repautedto possess t& large hiaet, and no doubt, if the' M inister of Laiids .wrve to ask him to let a road ru ii through his private land, for the public convenience, he would do it. He (Mir. 8Mith) protested ug'ainst the system of running down i aiiian because lie hid piro. perty, whmih, in thIe eyes of soiel honorabbi members, apleanied to be a erime. What was wanted now ? Apparently a .ioad" friom the1 railway to the sea. -- ]ut at( whose expienseo was the road todbe- miide?aiid~ihoni;riluld ft. benefit? - '.. .' . '". _lM. VALE remarked that some little time ago he was prevented from taking "n plensant walk in the direction of the beach, in a pretty part of the country, simply because the owners of property on each side had, by.arrann'ement betwoen themselves, fenced in the road. r lA. 'P.' CLnii observed that he h ad.no personal intorest in this matter, and thatlihO did not know the Messrs. Chirnside, but he knew that, about three months ago, two men who hpppened to be walking over the estate were proseouted at the Williamstown police court for trespass, and fined £20, though, on appeal to the Supreme Court, the conviction was quashed. Had the men been poor men, and-unable to appeal, the probability was that they would have been subjected to three months' imprisonIment. . ,Mr Woods said he understood, from a remark interjected during the discussion, that the Solicitor-Genernl was of opinion that no now legislation wns needed in reference to this matteoir. In thatease would the Solicitor General assure.the House that, where rate payers raquired a proclaimed road to be opened, it should be dlone, no matter what the shire council might say ? Mr; .Kni rmD observed that thel Suprenlme court some time since decided, in the case of "'lto. Queen .v,.' The ' anidlhu.st i3orouugh C*6ounoil, that at the instance of a single in dividual a criminal informnation would lie ngainst a local body fr permitting obstructions in the street; and thnt Iw, as far as lie knoew, had never been questioned. Mr,. l3ERnY. asked if the law officers would carry it out? Mr. KEnrnRD said it was not necessary for the Law officers to interpose, becanuse thme law could be carried out at the instance of a single individual. rlin attention of all persons is invited, thlroighl the- Government Gazeltte, to tihe provisions of the Act fixing the close senson for hares from the 15th September to the 81st January following. Any person killing hares or having them in his possession is liahle to severe penalties, unless he is the owner or. occupier of a vineynard, orchard, garden, or nursery, or some person authorised in writing by owners or occupiers to destroy hares within any such place. But neither owners nor their agents. are allowed to offer any of the hares they destroy for sale. '1'ni following extract from the Williams town panper report of the last nimeeting of the Williamstown Borough Council will interest Wyiildham readers :-" A letter was read fiom Mr. Nolan, surveyor, resigning the appointment of surveyor to the Council, which hlie had held for over nine years. IHe was sure they would all be glad to learn that hlie had succeeded in procuring the appoint ment of engineer; secretary, mnd treasurer to the Shire. Council of Wyndham, the duties of which he was to commence on the 1st prox., until which dote lie would continue in the Williamstown Council's emiploy. Mr. Nolan then went on to say-' I may mention, gentlemen, that it is the usual practice of the colony to give retiring officers of long ser vice a gratuity when leaving, as a recognition of their havilng performed their p]ast services in a satisfthctory manner, and as it was adduced us an anrgument . against my being appointed to Wyndham that the reports in the Williamstown Chronicle of the pro ceedings of the Councoil were unfthvourable to me, I hope you will remove any stigma that such reports may have left to my projudico in the public mind by grantin' me the usual recognition by which past faithful services are rewarded. Buit irrespective of that consideration I imagine I have a claim on account of the assessment which I have just completed, and which if I had left your service one month earlier you would be coni polled to pay for separately.'-Cr. Doiich moved that the resignation blie acnecepted, and thought it was no more thian the Council's right to vote a gratuity of £40 to him for his services. Tl'his would show that Mr. Nolan was held in respect, and that hlie had satisfied the Council. lie. moved to that effect.-Cr. Clough seconded this, and thought that the resolution would remove the stigma that some of the Wyndham councillors seemed to think attached to him.-Cr. Aitken could not see his way clear to support the motion. lie objected to voting the ratepnayers' money awany ill this manner. lie consideredl that n goont recommeindation would nnswer nil purposes.--Cr. Pearson also objected to any of the ratopayers' money being voted in this mnnner.-Cr. Morgan could not see why the Wynidham Council should object to Mr. Nolan.-The Mayor said lie thought a gratu ity would go fhr to strengthen Mr. iRolun's lposition with thie Wyndlham councillors, lie thought £95 sulicient.-Cr. Burall would vote for the latter sum.--The motion was then altered to £26, and on its being put there appeared for the motion Cr's. Clough, Donch, Power, Burall, and Muir; against Crs. Aitken and Pearson," Ar a meeting of the Ballarat Farmeors' Society Mr. Bradbury rend the following paper on the subject of dairies:--'"Gentle mon,-The subject I would call your atten tion to for a short time is that of a dairy. HIaviiig had a great many years' experience in constructinl" such buildings in the old country, and having. had one of my own here for the last fourteen or fifteen years, which we have used with the greatest success. For instance, I . exhibited some years ago a onskc of butter weighing about '140 lb. 'wlihen it was nine months old, and obtained at two different places the first prize in each place, and, after keeping. it till it was twelve months old, sold it to Southward and Sumpton, then groceis in Start street. Now, gentlemen,. I am fiully persuaded that the principal ctiuse of the butter not keeping as it ought to. do is on account of the poor and mean places people have for receiving' the milk after it comes froml the cow to be lodged :for the purpose of:gathering the cream. In nineteen cases out of twenty these places are built in a very primitive fashion and no dire taken eitherito have, thein kept well drained, for thiif is very necossary, so' that .thly can le wellswvilled occasionally with cold water to keep theole cleai and properly ventilated, and that they may be kept. cool all the year round. The lhiees that I have seen in most cases, the floors are laid with wood on. sleepers, thus causing' a space between the floor andthe earth, whmre, in the absence of p-rol' drainnge, the water will be sure to lodge, and tie dropping' and spillings fiom the milk and creami, 'gttinig thirough the boards into the waterl, and ailowed to remain there fioi one inonth's sid tif the other, will cause any. amount oif bad siffell to arise; li'che thd.imilk and rin i:-bbecomes contuni unted with that bad smifell Now, gontlymen, to pirevent this is my object in writing this pll)e. 'Iii the first -ple- all such buildings in thuis" olony'should be built eithi?i of buick or stoine 'lio half belowi the stfiic an d the pther half above. If laid with bricks they (the bricks) must be laid in good mortar, and flint very thin so as to prevent the damp from coming through the joints as much as possib' e; and if built , ith stone to have the best stone inside,., and the saiiie. aoni' to be tanken with .the stone as i. that with the bricks. 'The work should also be done very neatly, so that the walls ,can be occasionally washed withliime, which will inot only give the.place a cloan applearance, but Will also make it smell sweet; 'iThe .flooi shotild be so constructed that it, can be laid :either with tile or brick, and in 'such ta position thiat it can be well scrubbed and swilleid with cold water, so that it can all be carried away and not allowed to accumulate inder the .loors. As to ventilation and l.,light,, a piecp of' per forated zinc, say fourteen .inches by twenty four inches, buit in the end, and a similar piece fixed in the door, which should be at opposite end, will give any amount of lighlt, find thus cause a, current iof air to be co6ntinuilly passing. thrlouigh. Tihis ventila tion is quite sufficient for a bunilding twelve feet by twenty- four feet. To prevent dust from getting in fiom the rootf the ceiling should be lathed and plastered, and in no case more than eight feet fi'om floor to. ceiling. Thei sills should be :built with bricks and arched, so that the pans of milk may be placed all round; and the jars underneath to receive the cream, they Ahionld be about two eoot high and two feet wide, and built with very small joints of mortar, and very even, so that when wnashed there. will be no places for anything to accumulate. It should also be built at such n distance from the sheds or stockyards so that no smell can be carried by this means. To . prevent this I would recommend to grow sweetbrier, honeysuckle, or any live fence having a sweet and pleasant smoll, so that what is carried through with the current of air shall be sweet and pure. This fence should be six or eight feet from the building, and plant betweoen them wall flower or any kind of sweet herbs, so that instead of a bad smell you will have a beautiful nosegay in the midst of work. If such buildings as 1 have attempted to describe were erected by our farmers and dairymen, anid the cost would not be much, ain convinced that they could make butter that would keep for any length of time, and stand carirying' to any part of thie world, and open up an industry which will enable us to export our produce to a market where it will command a fair price andi a ready sale. Now, Mr. President and gentlemen, if anything I: have said should prove of any value to any one in connection with the Ballarat Farmers' Club, I shall be only too happy to assist them in putting the same into practice." .A PAnts correspondent writes :-A. new stenmer is spoken of here which. is to take us across the Atlantic in five days, or five and n half at the most. The invention is due to M. l3nazin, who was recently engaged in trying to fish up the treasures which went to the bottom in Vigo Bay during the war of succession, when the Spanish galleon and French fleet were attacked by the British military and naval forces. Instead of the usual prow with its cutwater, he has substi tuted a wheel with paddles, and when his vessel begins to move against the water the wheel gives way, lessons the resistance, and aids to propel the ship. Another inventor is at work on a problem by which our means of communication are to be further improved and steam superseded by a clever combina tion of hydraulic power and squaring' the circle which is to produce perpetual motion. -Pall Mall Budget, JAoANNA'lt seems to have come to grief at his late festival at Sernmpore. It appears from the account given by the Friend of lndlia that when hlie was carried forth under an umbrella and hoisted up on to his principal car, there was none of that roar of enthusi asm with which he was wont to be greeted in former years. By two o'clock the long road, hot and whitewith dust, was merely dlotted with visitors, and the crowd seemed to be as numerous as the pilgrims. An hour later the crowd was rather more numerous ; but the priests could not prevail upon the people to give Jaggannth a " shove off," although they franticallv called upon those near to rescue thie god fron'mi disgrace. The attention of the women in the crowd was fill' more directed towards two English ladies, who were watching the scene from the verandah of the police-plost. The sanie ill-luck befel a rival car endowed by a .Baboo, afterwards trans ported fbr forgery. The few who could be persuaded to tug at the old ropes broke them. Sunset, however, brought some devout rustics filom the interior, and these at last dragged the original car without an accident, Year by year the attendance has been fulling ofi', but on this occasion the contrast was very striking. The once solemn festival is fthst becoming a mere tamasha; and even" elderly females," who were oflici cially reported as alone showing enthusiasm; are fist bercoming cold and careless in their religious exercises. The best plan in order to revive enthusiasm would evidently be to combine Jaganumith with a steam-roller hoisted atthe top of one of these machines, hlie would be sure of advancing at a respec table pace, and a career of practical utility would be opened for him which could not fail to excite the flagging zeal of his admirers. Moreover for "squashing" purposes there is ncrthing to beat a steam-rollor, which has now taken not only to pounding. blocks of granite to dust, but also to destroying the gas and water pipes beneath the road..-Pall Mall .3iudqet. AN interesting child has lately made his appearance at Lucknow. The Pioneer reports the arrival there of " a novelty in the shape of a wolf boy." This young gentle man, who is now undergoing a process of taming in a lunatic asylum, was, it is said, carried off by wolves when an infant, antd lihas remained with them until a short time ago, when ehught and recognised by his parents. His family, however, can hardly be eongratu ted on his restoration to their bosomni, for his. education in the wolf nursery (which by the way was purely secular) seems to have been very defective,' His ,manners are not only disagreeable but peculiar. At firstlihe walked on all fours, though now helhas been induced towvlk on his two feet only like a reasonable being; lie lies long hair on liis' head, and his body is much- scarred, and lihe. cannot speak, nor can he understand a single word. -Iis parents suffered much inconveuni ence on his first -trrival at home, owing to his frequeitly attacking:and trying to devour them at night ; and, indeed, it was owing to his persistence in this unfilial conduct that they were compelled in self-defeince to place him under medical surveillance. He also, among other disagreeable habits, tears raw meat to pieces with his teeth, and eats it ravenously like a wild beas,. and, mioreover, bites and snaps at any one who attempts to touch him. This last little weakness would have in no way disqualified -him for the post of Judge Advocate-General, lihad he happened to be in Enlatnd at the titie of the re-con stroction of the Ministry ; but it seems doubtful whethei' he will ever be cured of his other propensities, which howeveor, will enable him by exhibiting himself in civilized countries to amass a far lar~er fortune than hlie is likely to make if he is converted into merely a useful member of society. Pall Mall .Thd~get. SoonM very painfuid evidence was given the otheir day at a meeting of the Presbytery of Garioch to examine witnesses against the settlement of a. minister lately presented to thiat parish. One farmer objected that the minister's composition of a sermon hlie de livered in the kirk was faulty :-"? Ie did not bring out the spiritual doctrine thiat hlie should have broiughlit from the text." Anobtlher farmer deposed as. fbllows:-" I didn't love his dis course. I didn't think much good of him. He was paying close. attention- to what lie was.reading off o', and wasna looking through the chiurch. He had one hand .lways on the papoer, but whether: he 3vas pointing.with his finger or not I couldna say. I heard him vera weel. IHe read the seme as you and I or onybody would line reada chapter, wi' little or ony alteration in his voice. I wasna altogether pleased with his manner. I dinna thinkI could esteem him for his works that I ever heard him do. I mean by his works his preachin' and rendin' oat o' the pulpit. Hle didn't show by accent in his delivery any liveliness towards thie congregation. My own intention is that if lie be placed I winna be here very often. My intention is to leave the kirk; I won't say when, but it will be vera soon, if he-be placed here," The witness further explained what a minister's manner should be like in the pulpit. " He should be a good lively speakei, and'ine be tied to his book, and 'should be able to .look fra e no en' o' the kirk to the ither, and try to attrnact his hearers." Such was not the case with the unfortunate minister who is the subject of the inquiry. He looked up "vera little. He miicht hne geen a short ghlimpse up at a time. It was," added the witness, " my thoeht lihe kept his hand on the book to keep his place. He didcna every now and then look up and around the church. He micht, for a second, have looked at a time at one end and anither time at the ither end. I watched him pretty close, and lied my eye upon him." It would appear from this testimony that the minister was evidently in the wrong place. IHe should have been in the body of the church and the congregation in the pulpit.-Pall Mall Budget. TE inuHrricane wmcn passers over tue Miami Valley on the 4th of July tore down a number of old trees, and amongst them a large oak. The owner of the property, a Mr. Rogers, on examining the extent of the damage done by the storm, discovered in the in the hollow of the fallen oak a human skeleton, with some brass buttons and shreds of clothing, and among other thinos a pocket book with a number of papers. A communi cation signed .1J. F. Clark, relates : "The man's name, as gathered from the papers, was Roger Vanderburg, a native of Lancaster, Pensyl vania, and a captain in the Revolutionary army. He was an aid to Washington during the retreat across the Jerseys, and served a time in Arnold's head-quarters at West Point. In 1791 hlie marched with St. Clair against the North-Western Indians, and in the famous outbreak of that general on the Wabash, November 8 of the year just written, hie was wounded and captured. But while being conveyed to the Indian town at Upper Piqua he effected his escape, but found him self hard pressed by his savage foes. Hie saw the hollow in the oak, and despite a mangled arm, and with the aid of a beech that grew beside the giant then, he gained the haven, and dropped therein. 'Then came a fearful discovery. He had miscalculated the depth of the hollow, and there was no escape. Oh, the story told by the diary of the oak's des pairing prisoner ! How, rather than surrender to the torture of the stake, hlie chose death by starvation ; how lie wrote his diary in the un certain light and the snows! Here is one entry in the diary :-' Nov. 10.-Five days without food ! When I sleep I dream of lusciousifruits and flowing streams. The stars laugh at my misery ! It is snowing now. I freese while I starve. God pity me !' The italicised words were supplied by Mr. Rogers, as the trembling hand ofttimes refused to indite plainly. The entries covered a period of 11 days, and in disjointed sentences is told the story of St. Clair's defeat. Mr. Rogers has written to Lancaster to ascertain if any descendants of the ill- fated captain live; if so, they shall have his bones." RlPhiladclphlia Ledge,'. 1iin LIaHT\ING SAW,-Tile Ballarat Post remarks:-" Americans are pretty generally admitted to be possessed of rather more than their fair share of ingenuity, and certainly the many inventions claiming their origin in that quarter tend to give weight to this imnpression. 'tlie latest improvement we have heard of consists of a cross-cut saw of a peculiarm con struction, and named the ' Lightning Saw ' from the rapidity with which it will cut through a log of wood. It is made with straight tooth nearly an inch apart, with a deep arch between each one. Instead of these teeth running up to a point they are carried straight down, and then out into two small teeth at the point, so that when working every other tooth comes perpendicularly upon the timber, and not in a slanting direction like the ordinary saw, whilst the large arches carry off' the sawdust with ease." 'lI'E dedication of the National Catholic Cathedral of St. Patrick took place at Armagh on Sunday, August 24, with unusual circum stances of pomp and magnificence. No less than fifteen archbishops and bishops, along with Cardinal Cullen, took part in the ceremony, and upwards of 400 priests were present, The church, which is the most capaciousin Ireland, capable ofaccoinmodating more than 8,000 persons, was filled to its fiullest capacity, while thousands congregated in its neighbourhood unable to obtain ad mpission. From early morning trains had been conveying passengers to Arimnaghli from all parts of the country, and the railway author ities estimated that fully 80,000 persons were enrrie?d over their lines. The scene as the officiating procession moved round tihe cathe dral was exceedingly imposing,; the 'priests wearing surplices and soutanes, the bishops being attired in full episcopal robes, with cope, pastorial staff, and mnitre. Cardinal Cullen, who officiated, asperised the wrills, and; haiving rend the siuitable prayers, asiersed the en traince; whereupon the Litany of the Saints was intoned.. On reiching.. the high 'altr tmhe bishops took their.plahices to the right and left, while the anirdinal, aind the Lord. Primate at the foot, invoked the blessing of God, throughi, IthIe intercession of St. Patrick, iipon thio 'new cathedral. The 1oost '_Rev, Dr. Donnelly, Bishop of Clogher, then vested liiinselft as celebrant for the prfriice f o which Cardinal0C 110n presided, IninimediBatel after the gospel, the Very Rev. T'houias llatel ascended the pulpit nd preached the de a cation sermon. After the serdon the col. loction at the offertory reached ftiull £3,00o and the general receipts were coe upo' £7,000. Among the congregation Wer e large number of Protestants nd Dissenters ind it must be mentioned that durino ithed the joy-bells of the Protestant cathedral rI,' out several festive peals.-Irish Paper r Ancl.DEACON ENISON O THE CoN. FESSIONAL.-Archdeacon Denison, in o. aching before the Chief Baron of t,~"re. chequer, the Bishop of Bath and Wells n,, the Mayor and Corporation in the \'V"IS Cathedral, dwelt at considerable lengt. one the severe crisis through which, he said, the o Church of England was now passing in con. nexion with the question of confession and absolution. Of the abatement of that severity lie saw no prospect. A glorious op? ort-n was now vouchsafed to theo IReformed Church of England to come to the front. It wasre. quired of every member of the Church ol toiund himself unable to quiet his conscience by confession to God to go to God's priest to confess himself. It was an integral part of the commission received of the HIoly Ghost by every priest at the hands of his Biho that hlie should hear the penitent's conversiop and when he 'saw fit give him absolution The words spoken by Jesus Christ to his deciples on the (lay of the resurrection when lie gave the mission to evangelize the woril in His namne were put by the Church into the months of her Bishops when they conferrel the order of priesthood :-" Receive the Hlol Ghost for the office and work ofa'o priest of thi Church of God now committed unto thee ho the imposition of our hands. Whose si. s thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou doss retain they are retained," But in the face of the plain natural meaning of the words in St. John's Gospel and of the parallel places in Holy Scripture, it was comunoinl denied here in England that Jesus Chrit mave to man the power to forgive or to with. Mold the forgiveness of sins in His name, and it was contended that, therebfore, the Praver Book could not mean what it said on behalf of the Reformed Church. Now, it wtsa dclangerous thing, especially in a countr where people liked plain speaking, to tell them that the Scriptures or the Prover Book did not mean what they said; and lie affirmed in the most formal way that the premiss andl the conclusion were alike fithlse. Private con. fession and absolution had shared the com. man fate of truths obscured by man's inisus or disuse, or both, mand when the providence of God revived the preception of truth obscur?dl and of pious observances neglected, it was part the punishmnent of past blindness and un. thankfilness that the revival, instead of being welcomed as being what it was, an outpouring of the spirit, was regretted as in itself unsoundl and untrue. If' Scripture said one thine in England and 1'he Tfnes newspap er anotfer, 500 out of 510 people would helieveo Th ''ime~i. A nrimarv trath of the Gosgel. an observance under given conditions, imperative on priest and people, a law and ordinance of the Church, testified by the greatest names, had fallen into doubt, but that it still existed as a law in some shape could not be denied. After some further observations, the Arch. deacon went on to say that the two places ia which the doctrine of private confession nod absolution was set fiorth in the Praver Book were the order of the administration of the Lord's Supper and that for the visitation of the sick, and towards the close of his addres contended that to restrict confession anil absolution to the death bed or to cases of gross sin was very like to restricting re pentance to such cases. lie cited the nanmes of 42 Archbishops and ]isholps and 29 priests of the Reformed Church who had borne testimony to what he maintained was the tre teaching respecting confession, adding that these names did not represent the whole vale, much less the amount of the testimony, any more than the memorial of the 483 clergy represented the value of the amonnut of earnet longing within the Reformed Church for the several things set down in it. The Arch. deacon also quoted a passage fromt the Bampton Leotures, written by the present Bishop of Salisbury, in favour of confession and absolution, alleging that the great defect in the passage was that it seemed to restore confession and absolution to the dying bet. Th'le Archdeacon concluded by expressing his gratitude to the Almighty that priests by thousands were teaching and prnctisint private confession, and that the laity by tens of thousands were rejoicing' in the comfort which was thus aflbrded,-tW'eeldq .Dis? ja?i T''HE magnificent harbour works at floly head, which have cost the country £1,500,000, and have been 25 years in con. straction, have been opened by the Prince of Wales. A CHInLD CARRIED OFF BY A, E ,lon,.-The Gazze/ta d' Italia of August 10 states that alnt Donaz, a village situated on the road lcaditng from Ivera to Aosta, a child ten Fears o went to gather plants in the ,nontaints. lbs servant who had charge of ' hi having' him alone for a fewv moments, an e, swooped down and carried offt tie chil Some soldiers from the neighlboutrin fonrt?of ]aerdo went in search, and fotnnd the hotly of the child fearfully mutilated. The servant was so affected by the misfortuno that shn was afraid to return to her master's hoeute and remained for two days concealed ina crevice of the rocks; when discovered she a?m nearly dead from hunger. 