LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY. The Speaker took the chair at twenty-seven minutes past I o'clock. BORDER DUTIES. Mr. PHELPS asked the Colonial Treasurer,-" 1, What is the total amount of Border Duties collected on the Murray Iii vor frontier from February 1st, 1872, to February 1st, 1873 at 2. What amount has been collected through Victoria, and what amount through South Australia r 3. What amount has Victoria collected on goods passing from New South Wales across the Murray, including wharfage and all other charges considered as revenue, from February 1st, 1872, to February 1st, 1873 ?" , Mr. LLOYD replied. £73,082 Is. 6d. 2. Victoria, .£00.408 Is. 6d.; South Australia, £13,214 Is. 11d. 3. £0180 On. 7d. MINERAL SELECTION. Mr. NELSON asked the Secretary for Landsell. Did he receive an application in October last from John Tom, H. D. Stevens, and James D. Tom, for a refund of 100, paid by them for a mineral selection? 2. Is it the intention of the Government to refuse the same? Mr. FARNELL replied. Yes. 2. No; it is not the practice of the Government to refund the deposits on application to select, but only second payments made in a manner of clause 77, of the regulations under the Crown Lands Occupation Act, in cases where the land is found not to be available GRENFELL ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOL. Mr. HOSKINS, on behalf of Mr. Forster, asked the Colonial Secretary,-" With reference to his question, numbered 2 upon the Business Paper of Wednesday, November 27, the subject of the Roman Catholic school at Grenfell. Have the Government ascertained, or have they taken steps to ascertain, whether the said resolution has been carried into effect by the Council of Education? 2\. Is it the intention of the Council to carry the said resolution into effect ? 3. If not, is it the intention of the Government to take any, and what, steps, with a view to have the said resolution carried into effect?" Mr. FARNELL, on behalf of the Colonial Secretary, said that the Council of Education had ordered a fresh inquiry to be made in the Grenfell case; the report of the Inspector had not yet been received. MESSAGES. Mr SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from his Excellency the Governor, conveying his Excellency's assent to the Albert Dangar's Leasing Bill ; also a ! message requesting the return of the Loan Estimates, with a view to the substitution of other estimates, and conveying for the consideration of the House, Loan Estimates in substitution of those withdrawn. On the motion of Mr. LLOYD, it was ordered that the messages be printed and taken into consideration in Corn in tee of Supply. MR. WILSON'S BUGGY. Mr. MACLEAY asked, without notice, whether any order had been sent to the Customs' officer at Albury to release Mr. Wilson's buggy and harness. Mr. LLOYD said he should have decided upon this matter if it had not been that he had received a telegram from Albury stating that some further information in reference to Mr. Wilson's buggy was on its road to Sydney. As soon as that information arrived he would decide the matter without a moment's delay. POSTAGE AND DUTY STAMPS. Mr. G. A. LLOYD moved,-" That this House will, to-morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to outhouse the issue and use of stamps, to be available either for the purpose of Postage or Stamp Acts." The motion was agreed to PUBLIC GATES BILL. Mr. FARNELL moved "For leave to bring in a bill to authorize the erection of public gates across certain roads." The motion was agreed to, and the hill was subsequently brought in and read,! a first time. BILL TO COMPENSATE FOR LOSS OF WATER FRONTAGE. Mr. FARNELL moved,-" For leave to bring in a bill to authorize certain grants of land to be made by way of re pensation for losses of water-frontage in AVoolloomool will Hj." 'The motion was agreed to, and the bill was very quickly brought in and read a first time. PETITIONS PRINTED. Mr. J. S. SMITH, on behalf of Mr. Lord, moved, " that the petition presented by him on the 11th February, from John Roche Ardill, relative to survey of certain runs, for line ed." The motion was agreed to Mr. BAWDEN, on behalf of Mr. Abbott, moved, " That the petition presented by him on the 11th February, fire. in residents of Tenterfield, relative to railway extension from the Clarence River to New England, be printed." The motion was agreed to, Mr. RAPHAEL moved,-" That the petition presented by him on the 11th February', from John Quinn, formerly a liftman in H.M. Customs, Broken Bay, relative to his dismissal from that service, be printed." The motion was agreed to. Mr. OAKES moved,-" That the petition presented by him on the 11th February-, from Mr. Isaac Shepherd, rela- two to the sale of Field of Mars Common, be printed." The motion was agreed to. CATTLE SALE YARDS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. DRIVER brought up a bill to amend the Cattle Sale Yards- Act of 1870. It was read a first time, and an order was made that it be printed. _ _ PERMISSIVE LIQUOR BILL Mr WEARNE brought up the report of the Select Cen written on the 1 missive Liquor Bill It was ordered that the document be printed MUDGEE HOSPITAL MINE BILL Mr lîsîNl S moved the second reading of the Mudgee THE spiral Site Bill In January, 1858, the present hospital 111 Mudgee was elected, but in consequence of the growth of the district, and the discovery of large and important cVdl deals in the immediate vicinity of the town, the she had left ino unsuitable, and the building was inadequate to the requirements of the district Hub lull seems to empower the trustees to sell and dispose of the land and buildings, and to enable than to erect other buildings with the proceeds on a more eligible site The motion was agreed to, and the House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill in detail On a Inuso 1 being propost d, Mr AVrBB asked whether it was true that the Government intended to grant another piece of land for the site of the hospital P If so, it would form a precedent that would be availed of by other townships the hospitals stood on unsuitable sites, or where the buildings were inadequate Mr INNES said he did not know where it was intended to erect the new hospital He was not aware of my intention on the part of the trustees, or the inhabitants of Mudgee, to apply to the Government for a grant of any other site It was hoped that the proceeds of the mile would be suit sent to enable them to purchase a more eligible site, 21 d build 14 new hospital Mr W.EBB mud he had been given to understand that the site had been selected, and that it was Govoruinciit Lud Mr INNES said he was not aware of it The clause was agreed to A verbal amendment was made in clause 2 and the other portions of the bill were agreed to IhoIIouBO resumed, and the bill as amended was reported and the report adopted MINING BILL The adjourned debate on the motion for the second reading of this bill was resumed by Mr BAy) It, who said that he felt some cows Iel able till di ntl m using to address the House on the motion now be true it He was made that the subject was a very large one and required a great deal of consideration on the part of the House to determine it proper rly He was also aware that there was a very great deal of anxiety felt by the mining continually generally that this bill should receive the vm greatest attention and prove such a measure would be a great advantage to this country it was notlusprictico ' gn timely in nelelussvng the House to speak at any great his wife, but on this occasion he should have to ask the Under unit of lion lue nihil s [Attention called to the start of the e and a quorum formed ] He should endeavour to be as high as possible, and to refrain, as far as he could, from falling into any details of the bill confining himself as a he has passed le lo a 11 view of the pi principles It had been so acted in that House that one great objection to the bill was on account of its great length There were 17 1 1 uses in the far, besides a number of st holiday, but he, for one, did not consider that to be any great objection It was now quite certain that they must have legislation for the mining all are of the colony upon a much more elaborate method train hitherto (Hear, hear Action gold was first dis- ci voiced in this colony, it was only necessary to send up a fine with some short verbal instructions, and business hid in that way to be carried on but at the present time the business of gold mining had grown in of no occupation, requiring considerable skill and knowledge and it mine found out from the experience of the neighbouring colony that they must have elaborate laws and regular tions for the manage is cut of their mining districts It had been asked ory other, "Why do you require more elaborate laws for gold in ming than for any other kind of mining? ' the answer vi is very simple It was just this that nature had always made a vast difference in the way the precious u clubs and baser metals vine distributed in the earth and it was an even course if the exceptional way that nature had de posited the precious metals in the earth and the disc is not modes of obtaining gold that they required more class I He laws and regulations there was in me the sion m loud that they did not require those cMorato laws, and many persons outside were sure raised at the elaborate bill and the elaborate c di if regulations which were in list in this colony and the iitiphbounii^r colony of Victoria with respect to gold, It ev had to obtain this metal in a variety of ways, which was not (license with other metals they had at times to obtain gold close to the surface, and at other times to go to a considerable depth, sometimes the mining was wet, some t ii as den and they and also to obtain the metal on quartz reefs, and other modes all of which required till rent rogue- lost one for canning on the uoikmgof the gold-fields It was a difficulty they could not avoid, for, if they attempted to simplify these things to the extent which his persons c in meltd. they wondered get into confusion and very pieatdilutultv the hon gentleman in charge of the most preceded not very well have introduced a much shorter but. there might be many things in the bill which is Light very well be struck out (hear, hear-but it did not follow that the bill would be much shorter even then because there were other things which might have to be inserted. There were 216 clauses in the Victorian hill. He was inclined to take a great clear that Victoria had done in this matter, and he did not think there was any objection a to the present bill on account of its length. Before reviewing the bill, he would say that he for one felt exceedingly gratified at seeing the bill introduced, and he was sure that he expressed the views entertained by the great portion of the mining community in the colony when he said that, after fourteen or fifteen years of agitation and CNpcctofion, they had the satisfaction of seeing a bill before the House which, however defective, showed that the gun the man who drew it was acquainted with the subject, and that he had given considerable study and attention to it. But the hon, gentleman must not be surprised if he did what he asked bon. numbers to do, and that was to criticise the bill closely. (Attention called to the state of the House and a quorum formed.) He thought it his duty as a member of that House and as a special representative of the mining interest, to give the best attention to this bill, and after having read the bill very carefully, he must say that he felt himself in considerable difficulty as to the course he should take. Upon looking through the hill he found there were a great many provisions in it which would be of incalculable benefit to the miners of the country and he also found in the bill a great number of clauses which he his lieved would be very injurious if carried. (Mr. BUCHANAN : Hear, hear.) He had to consider and weigh the good with the bud, and consider whether the beneficial clauses would so preponderate over the injurious ones us to justify him in voting for the second reading, and for going into committee. He had also in doing this, to consider that the mining interest had been for years hoping and expecting some change in our mining laws. For the last fourteen or fifteen years our mining laws had been a standing disgrace to the colony. Perhaps this arose in a great measure from the idea which was prevalent for a long while that the mining interest of the country was languishing. That was a view he never entertained, nor did the great body of the mining community. He saw clearly that so far from the mining interest being worked out, it was only now commencing. ("Hear, hear) The immense resources of New South Wales in minerals and precious metals was something which few of them could conceive, and the more he travelled, and the more he had seen of the colony, the more warn astonished at the vast wealth we possessed. He trusted that they would have a measure which would meet the difficulty under which they had laboured so long. He would now proceed to review the measure. In the first place the hon. gentleman who had introduced the bill had endeavoured to give the mining community that which had been for a long time wanted, namely, a more efficient management in the metropolis, and he proposed to do this not by enacting that they should have a Minister of Mines and a Mining Department, but by advocating that a Mining Minister should carry on certain ni-rnnpemtnt«. Objection had been made, he thought by the hon. member (Mr. Robertson), that the Government could, if they had pleased, without this Bill, have created a Minister of Mines, and a Mining Department. But, without being in any way in the secret, he gathered that it was thought desirable to take the sense of the House as to whether it was advisable to make the change. (Attention was called to tho state of the House, and a quorum formed.) When he was a member of the House formerly, it was proverbial that hon. members could not be got to their duties on mining legislation, there was no chance of the Gold-fields representatives, Mr. Rodd, and others, getting a hearing. Mr. HOSKINS : That statement is not correct Mr. BAKER said the records of the House would show that what he said was correct. Mr. BUTLER said there were upwards of thirty members in the House. Mr. BAKER said, that for a speaker like himself, who was not very fluent, it was very inconvenient to be interrupted. Mr. BUCHANAN said he did not wish to interrupt the hon. gentleman, but he would deem it his duty to keep a quorum of members present. Mr. BAKER said he gave his most cordial assent to the creation of the Mining Department and the Mining Minister. If the House passed the second reading of this bill, it affirmed by the seventh clause that there was a i ' . 11 ce party for the alteration the Minister for Lands, and li alone emile! property explain the great necessity that existed for the separate department Looking at it from Iii it with either point of view, none could give an opinion as well as the Minister of r I nods, but looking at it from Hu Gild hills point of view, he unhesitatingly said that He gold mines of the country, almost to a man, would hail the inauguration of the new department as a very proud be on (Hear, hear) One great reason why the mines would do so gin fitted with the change was, that of (} would then know that they would have a responsible Minister who would watch over and guard their interests, would see what meisRitics there would also for a change of regulations, need for fresh machinery, and who, from his oman in the Executive Council, would be enabled to put Hubo necessary changes effected The Minister for and, from the press of work, could not give that attention to the subject which its importance demanded The milled out that in Victoria need arise mining depul rr i lit had been established, and he said, without fear of coalition here, that a great deal of the success which had resulted from mining speculation there arose from this morning there was no country where the subject had retired more consideration than in Victoria, and we could not do better than study her experience The next subject which the hon gentleman took up in this bill was that of milling museums line had been ridiculed by minors in the Hewison] (rs, but though the matter might not be considered of any great moment, he thought the hon. gentleman was right If professors in science were appointed at a In right scientific opinions to bear upon the subject of gold mining, great benefit would say they know at pro so as t at in extracting gold from quartz, owing to the defective ii] plumees, about one fourth of the metal was 1st It would then be a very great advantage of the could In a small appropriation of public money u di co scientific men to come forward and give the country He 1 cm all of their experience and assistance in mining in mrs More especially did they want a museum for the Pink Un n of a models of mining appliances In Me Ibounie, To saw, in January last, in the museum, the list now in] ] France for gold mining, and there was a person (here to try] li in all the details Such a course naturally induced si cres i and press early in mining multi as the proposal to convey with the absurd system of having chief columns witness or commissioners in charge, and to divide the colony into eight mining miners, with a warden to each, would give unlimited satisfaction to the gold-miners Thondvau fi pt of this would be very great, and would avoid a visit an aunt of circumlocution and delay to the minor that existed under the present system with respect to the power of the Justice of the Peace abolished by this Act as paraded mining matters, there could be no difference of t ) upon 'the evidence which was given before the Gold lit his Commission showed that there were 95 per cent of the miners of the Country who were in favour of the charge The witnesses examined were tied working miners?, police magistrates, officials in Sydney, and commissioners, and all agreed that this system established in IfeGG ought no longer to be continued It was a most fatal mistake that the law of 1860 made, in d it had done incalculable harm by keeping back our miling Enterprise The mining excitement in Sydney) caused by the discovery of these rich claims, the formation of mind g companies- all this would have taken place years ago and we linda systems who h si aunt) could have been given to the holders of mining property on the gold-fields He came now to a matter upon which he was aw fire there would be a difference of opinion, and which his Ben fi and Mr Robertson had already expressed with respect to the clause for the proclamation of a gold-field on discover At the present time and for us in) years past, pit it difficulty had been oc- issued on the gold-fields by the delay which had taken place in getting the j'o'tl-fitlds proclaimed He had himself waited on in Min Stn for I kinds and rendered his assistance to get a pt M field proclaimed which should have been proclaimed in nth more quickly) Month after month of dell was t mised 1 ) the passing of i ports from one officer to an other and great miner was inflicted on the training continue mlv in this way that after the discover) and befrilled gold-fields could be proclaimed, free selection of the land ce and the mines Mr R 0BLR1 SON 1 his could be prove nted under the present law Mr J! AKER maintained that great delay s Find tal on pint and continued to (no e place under the existing law bride i lins kill The Kvstiin was a different once Any person put me into the bush and discovering gold on mi) Crown is i is by that very act command a portion of it within a radius of two miles to be proclaimed as a gold-field after entitled turn in the Gazette In this way free selection under the 11th clause could not take place, it must who place under the law relating But under the present sr at an ] bisons had made selections under this 13th clause [Mr KOBI RebelS A. You cannot mention a single in str see He could mention n several, but just at the present moment he could not recollect on individual case He could adduce cases where not only find the land been is Ten 1171 but a license fee had been exacted by the free seletlorfitm (hi miner lins clause was 11 very important one providing as it did for proclamation by discovery Hotel el not consider it would be in on way prejudicial to free selection, because he could recruit) to his own knowledge of one part of the colony, the Burrangong Gold-field where the land was not for miles within 11 proclaimed gold field A 1 it large areas had been taken up under the 11th section of the I lands Aht lindon Act, and large tracts of country 011 which only a few y t urs ago miners had been working by thousands were now taken up, the holes filled, millville it and maize prow mg in abundance He would be one of the list to say that they should lock up their hands or prevent theirtiecnpation by the cultivator and he supported this C uto heartache saw that it would in no way interfere with free selection it would go on just as freely as over sailed the 11th instead of the 11th clause of the Land Act, and the only effect it would have would be to ii ed the capacity of the speculator and the schooner Rose vi came to a matter on which he would like to have some cay lunatics from the hon Solicitor-General It was with Heard to the operations of the launch slight upon Crown is 1 ds 01 iron proclaimed gold fields Under the 18th chu e, it he land That claim aright, the miner would be ii le to go with his miner sight and mine for gold upon any Crown lands even though not a proclaimed gold- field, according to the' regulation 1, P} tins he will be able to 11 rik himself out and to h dd n chura t)f tile, 5170 prescribed by the regulations the law at an sent was, that though the holder of a miner's right might mine for gold upon any Crown lands, it was not under an) regulation at all, and ceiifcquciillv the miner had no power to mark out a claim He knew there had always been some doubt on this subject, and some very good authorities and hold the opinion that the regulations applied equally to non-proclaimed as to proclaimed gold-fields the Supreme Court, however, had settled the matter by declaring that the regulations did not wish to iron proclaimed gold-fields, and consequently there was no security at present for the chain of a miner on a non-proclmnicel gold-field the 18th clause then did what was a very salutary thing, it brought all the claims and workings under the regulations But there was a obtuse further on, the 86th, which was entirely contra diction, since it gave the Governor and Executive 0 Council power to frame regulations in mining districts or on known gold-fields, thus the minor working on land not proclaimed us a gold-field could not vi oil under regulations, since no regulations could be framed except in mining districts or pit claimed gold- fields He should like to know whether Die) were to be under the regulations or not. If they) were, then he approved of the provision, if they were not, but were to remain as at present, then he should object to the continuance of such a state of things [Mr BUTLER The miner might be able to work under the Act, or under the regulations ] No doubt he might be able to mine under the Act, but unless it was in a mining district he could not mine under the republicans And this was his objection that though the man was able to mine, he was not able to mark out a claim or have that claim licensed to him If this were explained to his satisfaction, as the Attorney-General seemed to fancy it might be, he would admit that the bill, refer as he had gone with it, was very satisfactory, and was likely to be beneficial to the miners Many of the alterations were reforms, and great ones, the effect of which, he must emphatically) declare to be of great service and advantage to the mining community [Mr BUCHANAN ''AMiftt! The consolidated miners right "] Yes, he he lived it would be very much so the advantage of this vii 8 s0 obv 100 that he had not thought it necessary to it and upon that matter But he now came to one part of the bill which he thought most objectionable now the i him and 30th clauses got into the bill he could not con- have, since these two clauses were in direct opposition to what he considered as the most beneficial portion of the Crown LnndBAhtnation Act The) did away with the power of purchasing improved lands on gold-fields, and substituted a different method in its place The plan at present was to put up improvements on the land and then to apply for the purchase without competition If the improvements were of 11 certain value the land was appraised without the improvements, and the occupier obtained it without competition at the appraised price Nothing could be more satisfactory than this, and no change was required, except perhaps to make the transfer from the Government more speed) than it was, but these two clauses substituted for this n plan by which Fund, when improved, was put up to traction and sold to the highest bidder If the person making the improvements purchased he got the land less the value of the improvements, whereas any other person had to pay for the improvements. [Mr INNES It would be hard if the man did not get the value of his improvements ] Hint was not the point Why put them up at all i If a man sat down on the gold-fields and put up a house or a store he ought not to be interfered with, but should be made to pay the value of the land, whatever that might be assessed at But it was hard indeed, that when a man had a store he should be at the mercy of some of enltJhicr want to buy him out and ruin his business Some of these businesses on the gold-fields were of very great magnitude, and to take away a man's building which would be tantamount to mining him As he had said before, the only objection to the present system was the delays in the Land Office, and if that were remedied, there was nothing better that the miner would require He also objected to the clauses of the bill from 38 to -14, which made provision for the cutting of water races That was purely a matter of detail, and should be dealt with by regulations, as at present There were other details connected with gold-mining, more particularly with quartz mining, of far greater importance, and they weroverypro perly left to regulations. He hoped that many of these clauses would be omitted in committee and that others less objectionable would be amended with respect to the 1111 portant matter of leases, there was a great deal in the bill that would be beneficial No more especially approved of that clause which enacted that I mineral leases should be taken up in the same ' way as auriferous leases, and he thought that the country was to be congratulated on the Change In the event of disputes, wardens would be called upon to determine matters, and there would be a power of appeal to the Minister for Lands He did not approve of sub-section 3 of section 40, which provided that "all alluvial ground coming within any proclaimed gold-field which the A\ arden of the mining district within vi The h miners alluvial ground is situated, or the Secretary for Mines may for any period not exceeding twelve calendar months declare to be (AXi",1Jlt from "10 raising provisions of this Act, should be exempted from the leader" 1 it visions of the preceding clause there was ground on new rushes more fit for occupation by the individual minor than by the capitalist, and the reverse of that was also the case It had too often happened that speculators and st helliers had taken up ground under loose, and that neither worked it satisfactorily) themselves nor allowed others to do so the limit of twelvemonths bore in regard to certain fields was perfectly absurd, for nothing was more common than (the rich patches of ground were found in fields that had been worked for a much longer time We ought to adopt as a principle that no new alluvial ground should be leased with this proviso that the Munster might, on the report of her officers, or on evidence (often (that there was a description of ground suitable for housing, grant a special lease That would prevent the capitalist or the speculator from monopolising may new alluvial i round He now came to one of the most of ] output parts of (the whole bill, and that was the authority to frame regulates under the Act The system which had been in force since the year 1866, under which the Government Executive Council framed regulations, find Ik in most nations in its results, and never (mind operate beneficially to the mining interest We ought to adopt the Victorian system, and leave the regulation of all matters of detail to be framed by (the miners themselves The) could understand Mill n attire letter from the Government or their officers and they might will be left to elect boards to deal with the matters referred to lins principle obtained in municipalities, and why should it not be extended to miners The thing Hippi need to him to be so obvious]) just, that he could not newby then should henry attempt to perpetuate the present system which had given so much dissatisfaction he had given notice of his intention to move an amendment in committee in favour of adopting this principle, and he should ask the House to give its consideration to it. He hoped that the hon and learned gentleman in charge of the bill would be reasonable enough to accede to what he LIKE to be the wishes of the mining community A Royal on mission was ii] related about two years ago to the evidence as to the necessity of improved logis lation for the gold-fields And the principle be new advocated was one of the chief subject di nil with by that Commission After taking evidence for five or six months a majority of the commissioners came to a r inclusion in of me our of the principle that miners were the n till suitable persons to legislate for themselves His hon and learned friend, when speaking on this important part of the question, quoted, somewhat unfairly, the evidence of Mr Hart Id Maclean the hon. gentleman should have told the House that Mr Maclean and those who thought with him were in a v cry small minority), and that sev enty-llvo per cent of those who gave, evidence were in favour of the principle existing in Victoria There were many gentlemen equally as well intermedia Mr Maclean was, who gave evidence in favour of the principle Mr 1NÎ»LS I did not quote it as being Mr Maclean's opinion, but it being the result of his experience Sn RA IO R The Commission examined persons of all eh sus, and left out no one whom they thought would be able to give information The hon. member quoted the evidence plan by) Mr Johnson, Commissioner of the A' western Gold- in Tell, and the evidence of Mr Lminott, in favour of i i relations being framed by boarded camera] it is was a question of great magnitude, and he scarcely Uni! lit that Parliament was competent to deal with it Mr ROW Li SON Who but jim id love that He liAKTIl 1 to kill provided that the Governor w til The ¡ elvire of (he 1 Executive Council should f ram i parts (sits He ndimtttelthnl some regulations were in orpo listed on the bill for Parliament to deal with But they writers few He felt sure that miles i the el uno he had s] even of win omitted from the hill, it would booked in with disfavour by the miners, and would fail to give that satisfaction which they were entitled to look fe in an) new mining legislation With regard to the ail n mu lindon of justice on the gold-fields, it might be that a professional man was not able to express an opinion upon the matter worthy of consideration But he could point out sum matters in this bill vi ill respect to the administration of justice, vi hut he thought it would be necessary to alter He d d not think there would be any great objection to that part of the bill up to the framing; of regulations, if a few amendments, were made in it With the exception of a few minor details, he should give that ml of (the hill his heart) concurrence But that part of the bill respecting the administration of justice on the gold he his was the most imperfect part of the whole hall By clause 4 it was enacted that every proceeding should be initiated by summons He could understand the Solicitor General or some other professional man advocate such a system , but let him go on to a gold Hold where there had just been a new rush He would probably find 3000 or if CO persons gathered the ground would be marked out in all direct ers, and disputes would rise up every hour A warden could go amongst the people, hear a dear, and settle a dispute (here and then, on the ground. A vardon imBhl be able to settle thirty or forty cases in single learning But if the provision in the bill was passed, any rule disputing the claim of another would have to go to the nearest farm (house and obtain a stimulous The parties interested, together with their witnesses, would have to be dragged off to the courthouse, when the case might be a very trumpery one, which could he settled by a warden on the ground in a few minutes He was aware that a similar clause was in the Victorian Act, but he was quite satisfied it would not work well in this colony. He dusted, therefore, that the hon gentleman would see the advisability) of striking this out or inclining it in some years There was reported the bill with respect to the administration of justice which was much more objection a lie, and it was that part of the bill which had induced miners to send in these petitions It was an enormous power (give the wardens In loglidto costs the lion Retitleinanappeared not to have considered this question of (Osfsns regudeelthe miner, or very little, and it appealed to him (Mr Bnl er) that this was one of thofmlmps of lawyers in drawing Acts of Parliament He COUld ory vi oil understand lawyers ranking these mistakes, but although those in ounts might appeal to the hon. gentleman talking, he would seem hcreflcctcdforamonientthat they would be very irksome to the miner and very dangerous to his interests In section 95, wardens would have the power to summon assessors Supposing there were two litigants, and both desired the warden to settle the dispute, of the warden in ght take upon himself to say that he would haversack roads He could do so, and let them decide the case, notwithstanding that A and B sn) they would be satisfied with his decision Then the costs of the assessors were made the costs of the case, and had to be paid by the losing ] nity Section 06gavotho warden power to put the Im- punts to considerable expense, and this no doubt would be done the warden might be in considerable doubt, and not he want to see the underground plans, etc and although the parties might be satisfied with the decision of the window, he might think it necessary for his own sake to have this information. The effect would be that the losing party would be liable to pay the costs the Warden had also power under section 106, if the costs were not paid to issue execution upon the whole of the losing party 's goods and chattels So that here a party might come before the Warden with a claim worth 200, or some such amount, and might be put to the expense of £25 or £30, and then the Warden might compel him to pay the costs or issue execution, and sell the whole of his goods and chattels the result would be that persons would sooner give up the claim than submit to this That was a part of the bill which the miners said would, if passed be very dangerous indeed, and had it not been for this a great deal of the unpopularity of the hill on the goldfields would not have existed Then enormous powers were given to the Wardens in regard to imprison ment Power was given to the Wardens without summoning a man, and without hearing what he had to say, to issue a warrant, and the minors said that a window, having these enormous powers, might inflict very great hardship and injury if he were a most incompetent to port fdimhisdut), or if he were prejudiced or not imparted It was natural that they should have this fear, because the) land had sad experience of the conduct of the endorser the gold-fields He spoke now of the officers who were on the gold-fields before the Act of 1906 He did not see why they should have the power, and the bill would work better if the Wardens were more circumscribed He also desired to call attention to provision 12 of the 146th clause, under which the wardens would have power to imprisons witness for prevarication Why how many witnesses would there be who would be guilty of prevarication i lo entrust powers like those to a Warden living in the locality, having as it might be his prejudices, and with interests which might be concerned, was something which they must guard against There might be prevarication in his opinion when the witness had no idea of committing such on offence This case appeared to him to be very arbitrary. There were many other small matters respecting the administration of justice, which he would not occupy the House in alluding to, but he would come to a great matter-that was the Court of Appeal, a subject second only in importance to the framing of regulations Although this proposed treatment of the subject met the moss a large number of persons, it did not meet his approval A Court of Appeal in Victoria was similar to that proposed in this bluster was a distinct Court, or rather a branch of that Court, called a Court of Mines After the Warden had heard a dispute between the contending parties, the loser, not being satisfied with his decision, could go into this Court of Appeal On the face of it this might appear to be all very well, but to those who know what was actually taking place on the gold-fields it would be seen that there were very grave objections to such Courts of Appeal the Court of Appeal under the present Act was one of the most of such arrangements Suppose a case was heard ova thoroughly competent commissioner, say Mr Johnson, for property v valued at £1000 The losing party was dissaW red with Mr Johnson's decision and was desirous loan peal He had to appeal to two Justices of the Forces two squatters riding in from their stations, who wenna acknowledge that they knew nothing about mining Claus and the decision of this Court was final. This causes such, insecurity in mining matters that it "is no wonder that this enterprise had been back He knew a case of a gentleman came from Victoria with the view of investing money in some "of our mines The gentleman told him that he knew that there was a vast field for Victorian capital in this colony, but after making inquiry as to the mining regulations, he declared that there was no security hero whatever for mining property and he referred particularly to this objectionable Court of Appeal to Justices of the Peace Well, we were to have a much better Court of Appeal than that We were to have a District Court He had no objection to this as a court of appeal, which would do justice no doubt to litigants appealing from the Warden's decision But the element of delay came in with regard to these District Courts, and. this could not well exist without injury to the mining community Mr INNES So it must to every competent Court Mr BAKER did not think so Under the present arrangements a person appealing to the District Court could only have a decision after a delay of three or four months. This was a serious objection, especially upon now gold-fields They could never tell when two or three thousand men might not be gathered together on a rush, and there was nothing like her than that hundreds of disputes would arise 1 troublesome men appeal against the Warden s decisions in the hope that something would turn up in their favour, and with the mere desire to annoy their antagonists The consequence would be, that there might be large numbers of men all waiting for the District Court to come round He had seen these things happen Did hon. members think that this mining property was going to be vacant all this time while the appeal was pending Mr BUTLER said there was a provision made for working pending the appeal Mr BAKER said that would be utterly impracticable The arrangement would be very ens indeed in regard to valuable properties where a receiver of the metal could be appointed, and the work carried on as usual , but in the case of a wish, they could not appoint 500 receivers, or one man to receive from 600 claims Gold of the value of of hundreds and thousands of pounds could be carried away one of the parties, but they could not suppose that human nature was such that this kind of thing would be permitted by the diggers Of course, the selection of delay was seaside if they held the District Courts oftener But what he hoped was that intermediate Courts of Appeal would be established- something such as Mr Robertson proposed, and such as existed in the Act of 1861 These would deal with property up to a certain value certified by the Warden the Court of Revision could be held the day after the Warden's decisions in cases where given A gentleman might be appointed as chairman of that Court of Appeal for each district, who might summon an assessor on the spur of the moment, as a coroner's jury was summoned IhcEO Courts might deal with small cases where the property was of sufficient magnitude the parties might go to the District Court this question of the Court of Appeal engaged the attention of the members of the Gold fields Commission, and he would quote their opinion, as that of persons specially selected to obtain the ideas of the minors themselves on this subject The conclusion come to by the majority of the Commissioners was that the Court of Appeal should be the District Court He was quite willing to admit that decision was in accordance with the bulk of the evidence before the Commission, and that the report was the reflex of that over dence He, however, had dissented from that opinion of the Commissioners, and from the opinion of the majority of the miners, as he had been under the impression that a minor Court might readily be constituted to meet oftener than (he District Court and to prevent delay As his ideas were put more tersely in his written dissent, than it could be in addressing the House, he would read an extract from that document as embodied in the report of the Commission [" I regret that I am unable to concur in the recommenda- tion, as made in the above paragraph, that the District Court should be the Court of Appeal in mining cases I think that, though in some instances, where the property at stake was of large value, the District Court might be suitable enough as a Court to which to appeal from the Warden's decision, yet, in the great majority of cases, so great a delay would arise, and such an expense to the litigants be incurred, is to be most hurtful to the mining interest AVero the operations of gold-mining confined mi ely to persons associated together by the means of joint stock companies, I should perhaps not have an objection to the Appeal Court which is recommended by my colleagues, but I submit That Parliament will have in gold-mining matters, to legislate as much for the wants of the individual miner as for those who go into large undertakings by means of companies and for this reason, that our gold-fields must ever, from the nature of the thing, he quite as much developed by the parties of four or five individual diggers as by joint stock companies, by the means of their loved labour and cost!) machinery District Courts cannot, unless indeed the country goes to increased expense for additional Judges, be held more frequently than at the present time, and it follows that mining appeal cases would, in numberless instances, have to stand over for hearing for three, and even four, that what is wanted, in regard to nine-tenths of the mining disputes that arise, is a simple, cheap, and expeditious mode ' ofrchcnnng the case which has been previously heard by the Warden A Commissioner of Warden, in the excitement and turmoil of a great rush, often gives decisions which, in a calmer moment, and when additional facts could be adduced, he would be glad to reverse, and it is highly necessary that the miners' property should be protected from the effect of the hasty judgments which the best and ablest officer is likely to give The Appeal Court, such as is recommended by the majority of the Commission, would be a tribunal consisting of a jury of miners, to decide questions of fact (to give a v relict), presided over by a District Court Judge to interpret the law. It appears to me that an Appeal Court might be constituted, on Gold-fields of any extent, which would be much cheaper for the litigants than the District Court, more expeditious in the settlement of cases, and in which precisely the same class of men as jurors might be obtained would suggest that the Government should appoint some gentleman of known respectability in the locality where the Appeal Court is to be constituted, as chair man of the Court of Appeal, said that upon intima- tion being given to him by the Warden that notice of appeal was lodged and the required fee paid, he should comprise a jury of miners, to West, persons being holders of miners' rights, who thereupon should in a few days meet, and, under his presidency, hear and decide the case The jury to give a x diet, as in the District Court, the chairman to preside, and, if necessary, interpret the law The fee to be paid by the losing party, in such a Court, need not be more than that under the Gold-fields Act of 1866, viz , 6d, and the time between the day of lodging the notice of appeal and the day of hearing need not be more than three or four days ] Hint was the opinion he held then, and which he held now When the property in dispute was of sufficient magnitude to warrant the Warden in certifying that it should go to the District Court, the case might be referred to that Court He himself would not desire that a jury of miners should be empowered to decide upon cases of great magnitude, businesses to save delay in disputes of small value, a court of this kind would be desirable As he found that the opinion of the miners was in favour ofthisnppenl to the District Court, he was prepared, in reference to that opinion, to waive his own n, and no longer to dispute this part of the bill He hoped, however, that the hon Solicitor-General would bear in mind some of icrvntionB he had made, and find an opportunity after the passing of this bill, of ascertaining the number of District Courts and Judges, so as to bring justice nearer home to the miners If these Courts were held oftener, his objection to the District Court as a Court of Appeal would be removed but they were most objectionable whilst so long an interval as four months elapsed between the sittings He admitted that he laboured under great dividing range in speaking upon legal matters, and yet he must offer some remarks upon this final II peal to the Supreme Court Perhaps such on appeal was necessary in some cases, but he had grave misgivings as to whether it should be allowed or not Probably good reasons might be given for it in many cases, but looking at ilnuEo 129 he would point out that that clause provided that the property should be of a certain x also before an appeal to the Supreme Court was allowed Now it was not stated how the value was to be armed not There was great unhealthy in arriving at the value of mining property, which was perhaps the most uncertain as to value of any property in the country One man might say that the value of a claim was £500, whilst another would put it at 5000 Some arrangement is required to be made for arriving at the value by some distinct mode, for whilst it was left as vague as it was now, it would be (o uncertain as to be useless He objected also to the port rents on given to mining assessors to resign whenever the) thought proper If the hon Solicitor- General required honest men to do the work, he had certainly adopted a most complicated arrangement for getting them, whilst he had made it still worse by allowing, as in the 130th clause, that no) assessor might resign at any moment It was hardly say that a man, if he would have to travel five or ten miles, would be willing to give his time and trouble as an assessor when he had the option of resigning, especially as the scale of fees in all these cases was poor sufficient to pay the man's travelling expenses If the jurors in the Supreme and other Courts could resign whenever they) thought proper, there would be a mere case of complication in the higher Courts of the colony it would he still w or so in disease, and every assessor should be compelled to attend unless he could show good and sufficient reason for absenting himself If the clause were left as it stood, 7 would find in practice that when the list was made up, at the assessors would resign at once Though there is ere many other minor matters which might be gone into, no should not now trouble the House with them, as he believed he had touched upon every matter of importance if we except! only that which related to mining on private properly This matter, which was contained in clause 4, was one on which there would probably be great discussion, as mere had been elsewhere, since it had attracted a great deal of public attention He had moved a resolution on this subject last session, and he had then expressed his views very fully, so that it was hardly necessary for him to go into it again. He was satisfied to let the House soil with it as it came before them in this hill, though he must confess to having experienced some disappointment on the way in which was proposed to deal with it. He had thought that it would have been treated in a more comprehensive form, so as unmistakably to give to the public the right to take the Jjoia which undoubtedly belonged to them Instead of this, rate non Solicitor-General had put forward a plan, which was neither advantageous to the owners of private property, nor beneficial for (the miner who might wish to work the land. It satisfied neither party According to this bill, The owner of private land would have to apply for a license to permit him to raise on the land, and to allow others to do a . iIe would also have to obtain a miner's right In his was going to charge the public for permission to mine upon his hand, and if he named £10 a month as the fee, Hu to wan nothing to prevent the registrar from giving him the license Having obtained! a license the land became a private gold field, subject to the le "ula tiers of the Government. The theory of the Government was that the gold in the land belonged to the Crown, and while the hon. member said this on the one hand, on the other he declared that all the gold belonged to the owner of the fund The Minister might, however make such regulations as would materially lessen the value of the concessions to the private owner, for he might make the size of the claims so large that the rent of £10 a month would be surely no man He thought that his hon friend would do well to withdraw this clause Upon going through the bill he found that there were many advantages and many disadvantages, but if this bill were rejected it might be long before we got any measure of reform at all, and he thought it would be wise of hon. members to agree to the second reading Let us devote our energies to the bill when it came into committee, with a view to eliminate all that was objectionable, and to make the bill a good one for the country he had spoken at length, because he had the mining interests at heart, and he was convinced that if New south Wales could only get mining legislation such as existed in Victoria, there would be brought about a state of prosperity unparalleled in the history of the world. Mr. BUCHANAN thought he was entitled to be heard with some attention by hon members, inasmuch as he represented a constituency numbering 6000 electors His constituency was the largest in the country, and was equivalent to both East and West Sydney together, which h ill erect representatives in Parliament Whilst he concurred in the condemnation lavished upon the hill by the hon. member for the Southern Gold-fields, he could not go with him in his hopes as to the beneficial results of this bill becoming law He would be happy to vote for the second reading of the bill, if he thought it was possible to amend it in committee, without framing a new bill And that was no part of the duty of the people * representatives Innumorablo petitions and been presented from the miners against the hill [Mr BAKER They asked that it might be amended Mr RODD Hear, hear] A petition from 3480 holders of miner's' right and business licenses on the Gulgong gold fields condemned the bill as a whole The petitioners stated at the commencement of their petition that they disapproved of the bill as a whole for many and diverse reasons the petitioners then went on to find fault with one of the cardinal features of the measure-the framing of regulations They petite see that the light of the Governor and the Executive Council to frame re gulationB should be transferred to the miners themselves And then they went on to talk of the pernicious character of clause 18 which provided " that it shall be law ful for any holder of a general right to take possession of Crown lands for told mining, either for himself or on behalf of any number of persons collectively, being each the owner of a miners right That was another important feature of the hill And that was a matter which the hon. member for the Southern Gold-fields expressed his approval of-namely, a wretched monopoly, which enabled a rich man to have a hundred serfs or slaves, and so permitted him to take out a miners right in tho name of every one of them, and call it a consolidated miners night The hon member for the Southern Gold-fields approved of that clause, which had been condemned by those 3480 petitioners They then went on to state that they were of opinion that the radical changes contemplated by clauses 24, 25, and 27 of the bill relating to business licences would be fraught with much injustice to the various business classes of the goldfields That was another large portion of the bill, which was condemned by the petitioners, and in speaking of the various clauses of that part of the bill, they said they considered them unjust in principle, oppressive in character, and calculated to seriously retard the permanent settlement on the gold-fields They did not find fault with isolated parts of the measure, but they condemned all the sections of it in strong terms They emphatically protested against the clauses of the bill which related to the issue of gold mining leases Yet those clauses had been approved of by the hon. member for the Southern Goldfields The proposed system must have been conceived by a monopolist, for it aimed at the destruction of the individual miner, and the ruin of that miller whom we had all known as having been hitherto the great day sloper of our mining resources, who, working under the facilities given him by the lava, unearthed the gold that lay in the bowels of this land, and to whose efforts we were indebted for a great deal of our wealth Mr B*iKER I wish the hon and learned member would not put into my mouth words which I have never used Mr. BUCHANAN The hon. member said he approved of the system. Mr. BAKER : I approved of a certain part of it. It is not fair for the hon. member to quote me incorrectly. Mr. BUCHANAN said he heard the hon. member say he highly approved of the system of leasing provided in this bill. there was no portion of it which he (Mr. Buchanan) condemned more emphatically. Itfavouredlarga companies and capitalists in an extraordinary degree, and it struck one of the heaviest blows on the individual miner. He accepted the denial of the hon. member, and his statement that he condemned this portion of the bill almost as strongly as he (Mr. Buchanan) did. To return to the petition. The petitioners went on to ask that the duties of the wardens should be excised from the hill, and clearly defined by mandatory mining regulations, is more compatible with an equitable administration of justice on the gold fields. And they stated, moreover, that they viewed with much distrust the constitution of the Warden's Court as provided in the bill, as being productive of delay and a much increased cost in hearing mining disputes. They also disapproved of the constitution of the Mining Appeal Court provided by the bill, as one that would be productive of ruinous delays and excessive cost. Whole sections of the bill were condemned by the petitioners, in the strongest language. How was it possible to amend whole sections of such a bill as this in committee 'i Then, the petitioners prayed that all the clauses of the bill relating to the conditions of occupation, the registration and the forfeiture of any claim or share therein, should be omitted. There was another large slice of the bill condemned by the miners. Then they expressed their disapproval of part IV., relating to mining upon private property as not being calculated to settle that grave question on an equitable and satisfactory basis. That was another large portion of the bill condemned by those miners. They concluded by praying that their objections might be taken into consideration. What was the meaning of that finger. He contended that the only consideration that the House could give to the petitioners was to throw the bill out. It could not be amended in committee. The only thing that could be done was to throw the bill out, so that another could be introduced more calculated to benefit miners and develop our gold-fields. The bill extended over 173 clauses, and was complicated, abstruse, and difficult to understand even by skilled men. Thcwordingof the 20th clause for instance was so complicated flint although by hard study a man might got at the meaning he did not know how the miners would answer it. He could not understand how the bill came to be in charge of the Solicitor-General because he believed if it wins in the hands of the Minister for Lands, he would bring his common sense to bear upon the subject and produce a bill not exceeding forty or fifty clauses, and unencumbered with the phraseology which was the besetting sin of the bill. He had read the measure over and over again and did not understand it now ; but he ventured to say he would make the House seriously comprehend his understanding of it before he sat down. There were dozens of clauses in the bill which the miners would never be able to make use of without a lawyer at their side. Had the subject been treated as it ought to have been the whole thing would have been simplified and made clear in thirty clauses. All they wanted was to lay down principles upon which the gold-fields should be governed, and that was a very simple matter. Upon these clauses regulations might then be drawn by the gold- miners themselves which would be applicable to every phase of gold-mining. When the last bill came into operation, in 1866, he did not suppose there was more than one sense issued. ; but what was the state of matters now? He dared say there were 4000 leases issued, and under the bill they would have holders of leases living under a system entirely distinct from it, and they would be in constant collision with the measure. The great difficulty which existed would become evident if such a dire misfortune were to happen as the passing of the bill into law. Then there was a clause which proposed to create a Minister of Mines, and he was opposed to such a proposition. He would not oppose it if it were in the least conducive to the prosperity of the mining interest, but it was not. All that they wanted was that the mining department should be under the Minister for Lands, and he should have no objection son well-qualified gentleman as under-secretary of the department. The Minister for Lands would then have nothing to do but to call in this able officer, who would be in a position to give every possible information at a moment's notice. That, he believed, was all the miners cared for. Such being the case, he thought the expense the country should be saved. The power of the Executive Government in that House with too strong already and if they had this Minister of Mines they would have seven members of the Government in flint House sitting on the Treasury Benches, and the power of the House might thus be paralysed. Well, then, just let hon. members reflect upon clause 7, which created a Secretary of Mines and a staff of officers. But he contended the country was not prepared for such a state of things as this. But not content with this, if they went to the next clause they would see that provision was to be made " for schools of mines for mineralogical museums, for the purpose of of providing instruction by means of classes, lectures, or otherwise, on geology, mineralogy, and chemistry in their scientific and practical application to mining pursuits, and offices for the assaying of mineral ores, and to appoint such a staff of professors and renders in any of the said sciences, and of assayers, curators, or keepers, and of servants as may, in the opinion of the said Governor, be requisite to give effect to the provisions of this section." What were the gold miners going to do with this. If the college was not for the miners, who was it for All the gold that had been raised in this country had been raised without the miners attending the profes , soils' classes. He would like to ask the professors who were going to be the students. It would not be a digger who would be appointed on the lecturer. Was not that very evident. was not all this excess of humbug, and a j f source of great expense. All these officers must be highly paid eifUcinlB, once what equivalent were we to get for all this extravagance. Could not a man look for gold without a knowledge of chemistry. Lot the University of Sydney, which was already endowed, have a professor of whom stry md a professor of mineralogy , but the idea of buiKluirf n at large specifically) for the purpose stated in this clause was lierestcroue, find he was certain would not meet with the arrivals hon. members of that hon. o if they had any mind for the public funds Then we were to have the handy divided into mining districts He consist rent that the mining districts, as divided at present into Northern Southern and Western gold-fields, were classed far more at east by that under the proposed arrangement He did not, however, look upon this as every cardinal objection Adele, then, they came to clause 11, which he submitted without being of the least advantage to the gold mine Id did in a large measure to destroy the principle of free selection, and conferred most enormous powers on the warden's He asked whether or not pensioners from the gold fields were not right in saying that there wardens should be extinguished, and they and all their duties excised from the bill the more they looked into this bill, and observed the extraordinary discretion entrusted into the warden's hands they would shrink back ii] j called at the power this Act conferred upon them The diLpcishrd forlornly condemned the powers granted to the CcnnnssionciB, but these Commissioners had no power to nil m compm-iEcnwith the power proposed to be given to the wardens This eleventh clause said -AVhcnsoevci the discovery of payable gold on Crown land shall have been reported in writing under the hand of and signed or if such person shall be unable to write by a wi lining al t< stood by sen c Justice of the Peace by the person claiming to have made such discovery to the warden of the in much- tact within which the place of such discovery is situated, or to the Secretary for Mines the notification of such discovery in the Gfluttc shall operate ipso facto to proclaim the entire | area of Crown lands wherein such gold shall have been so reported to have been discoverered within a radius of the results from such place of discovery to be a-gold held within the meaning and for the purposes of this Act And such notification as aforesaid shall have the effect of a pro- visional proclamation of the said area as a gold field to be in force until the same or any enlarged or diminished area shall be proclaimed under the provisions of the tenth section of this Act Provided that such notification shall be taken to refer back to, and to operate from the day upon which the said discovery shall have been so reported as aforesaid" It would not be a very difficult thing for a squatter, who from private information had heard that several persons were going to free select on land in the vicinity, to go to the warden and tell him that he had discovered gold on it, and get it proclaimed to the extent of two miles as a gold-field They all knew what a warden or any public officers were in this and in any country, and how easy it was to imagine that such injustice might be done in the way he pointed out There was one feature he noticed all through this bill, and that was that it imposed penalties and exacted money from the gold diggers flint had not been exacted hitherto, and he was at a loss to know upon what principle this is done Clause 13 provided for the pi ointment of wardens, registrars of mining districts, mining sun c) ora, mining engineers, clerks, others, bushels, and assistants, and for mining districts, Courts, divisions, and places There seemed to be a fearful extravagance in all this Well, the clause went on to say that no person appointed as a warden under this section should, during his tenure of office, hold any benefit and interest in any claim, gold mining lease, or mining adventure in the colony dunngIns tenure of office Why was this provision limited to the warden? Why should the Minister of the Crown not be prevented from holding any) mineral lease or claim ? Why should it not apply to the District Court judges ? Mr INNES it can be extended if you approve of the principle Mr BUCHANAN maintained that the bill was full of defects He referred hon members to the 17th clause, " A ' consolidated miner's right' to be in force for any number of years not exceeding fifteen, shall, on the application of the manager or any trustee or trustees of an) end pain) of persons who shall have agreed to work in partnership any claim or claims registered under the provisions of this Act, he granted to such manager, trustee, of trust, on behalf of the persons who shall from time to time be members of such company, and shall, during its continuance be held by the manager of the trustee or trustees for the time being of such company), on behalf of such last-mentioned persons, and Shall represent, and be of the same force and effect as a number of miners' rights granted for the same period equal to the number of miners' rights, by virtue of which the paid claim or claims shall have originally been taken possession of " This, he maintained, inaugurated the principle of monopoly Why should they confer upon one man the right of taking 600 men's ground A man might employ 600 men, every one of whom he would take up a miner's right for the in- dividuality of the gold mines was destroyed. by this clause Coming now to Section 18, the first point had been very properly dealt with by the hon member for the Gold-fields South, but the second part had not been commented on, though it said this "And such quantities dimensions and boundaries shall be determined on or after the time of taking such possession and be subject to alteration and adjustment from time to time according to the provisions of such regulations " Nothing could be more monstrous than this a miner might take up ground, might work, and might hold it under certain conditions, and yet this holding was liable to be altered in every way, not once or twice, but from week to week There was thus neither captain) nor futility in the holding, the two more important features that under holding valuable At that reason was there for linking the holding subject to on alteration when, if the ii men took up his claim under regulations, he might just as well be allowed to continue it on the same terms A turns holding having once been taken up in accordance with law ought to be so fixed and unalterable that none should have a right to disturb him. As to clause 19, he would ask hon. members to read it, and then say if they could make head or tail of it, and as to clause 20 he had tried his hardest and was utterly unable to comprehend it Clause 22 was sheer. nonsense, once it tx Id them that no person should do this, that, or the other, unless the had a miner's night, when the bill started off by saying that no person could have any standing whatever unit SB he had a miner s right Clause 24 showed how this year seemed framed all through to burden the minor at every turn, so that when it became law he would find to his cost the many pains and penalties which attached to his occupation It proposed to charge £5 for a business license, when no more than £1 was charged at the present time. He could not understand on what principle the charge was increased, for though there was a large amount of told now getting there was also a large number of persons engaged in getting it, and the average earnings were not so great as to permit of such an increase as this The whole bill was complicated, involved, and wordy, whilst druses 29 and 30 were redolent of abuse The one allowed the Minister to reserve Crown lands on a gold-field from occupation and residence, and the other permitted him to take off the prohibition, so that a Minister who might have friends on the ground could put his prohibition of the rest of the land until his friends arrived to avail them fclvesofit,-saving it, in fact, for them as long as he thought proper This was too large power to leave in the hands of any Minister, and he for one would never consent to it ClnuFcs 34 and 35 had been already condemned by the hon. member for the Gold Fields South, and he cordially joined that hon. member in his condemnation It was indeed but a poor consolation to on individual who had improved ground, built a residence, and established a business, that he should have nothing more than a preference when the land was to be sold Clause 36 involved the principle of mining on private property, since it allowed of the construction of dams, reservoirs, and races upon private property on paying compensation to thoownärof the land [Mr BAKER ' That is the case at present. ] It might be so, but it was a violation of the rights of property all the same And yet, whilst the minor was allowed to make his dam or race on private property, he was not allowed to sink a shaft on the same terms If what was contained in this clause was correct in principle, then it must be equally right to go a step further, and to allow the miner to sink a shaft as well as to make a race upon private property Every clause in reference to water races was taken from the regulations The Warden had great power, but the most extraordinary was that which placed in his discretion the power of suspending the law for a period of two n oaths Mr BAKER It has always been given, and cannot be done without Mr BU CHANAN The power might be usefully used but it might be horribly abused [Attention was called to the state of the House, and a quorum was formed ] Clause 9 laid an embargo upon all the water of the country, for there was no water in the country that might not be required for public purposes All through the bill the miners were burthened with expense as though they were as rich as Croesus At present nothing was paid for water, but this bill proposed to impose 6s per sluice head Mr HOSKINS It is so at present, and refers to private property Mr. BUCHANAN: Then the bill spoke of an Act of Council. AA'hnt Act of Council The thing was inexplicable, excepting on the supposition that the Solicitor General had artlessly copied the expression from some Victorian or New Zealand Act without seeing the meaning of what he was doing. Upon what principle was the Warden to be empowered to exempt land from the operation of leasing ? Clause 60, respecting prospecting areas would place enormous tracts of richest lands in the hands of a few persons who would possess it to the exclusion of all the miners in the country. This Home Rule field had contributed 6000 or 6000 oz. a fortnight, and under the provisions of this bill all that might have been handed over to five or six men. Every one of the clauses he had commented upon was in favour of the capitalist and against the individual miner. attention called to tho state of the House, and a quorum formed.] Then it was provided that, prior to the issue of a lease, the applicant " shall at least three days before I lodging his application, as hereinafter provided, mark out the ground for the Lease whereof he is an applicant in such I manner as shall he prescribed by the regulation relating to the particular class of lease in question." Why three days ? A man might be in Sydney, and his selections at Inverell. Surely that was helping unnecessary inconvenience upon the individual miner. Then how was arnon to comply with that part of the bill which provided that an applicant " shall before or at the time of lodging his end application deposit with the w order or his clerk, or if there be no such clerk, with the Clerk of the Petty Sessions holden nearest to the said land, a sum according to a scale of charges to be fixed by a schedule under the regulations, to provide for the expenses, of survey, and for any other expenses which may be incurred by or on behalf or by direction of the Crown in connection with such application, and also for the payment to any persons whose objections to the granting of such lease shall be allowed ob hereinafter provided their costs in respect thereof so far as the Secretary for Mines or Warden shall think fit to direct such payment." That was another island provision of the bill. Then it was proposed to give a wider unlimited jurisdiction. A warden might adjudicate in cases where fabulous sums of money were involved. Ino prevision wits absurd in the extreme. All the clauses from 63 to 70 were so complicated and abstruse that it was pro roFsible for diggers to understand them. And that was a serious defect in the bill which would entitle it to be con drained. He would like to hear any hon. member got up and di ft and this bill. No hon. member was capable of doing it. It was so full of wrongs and abuses that, were it enacted into law, it would reproductive of incalculable was in this country, in it was provided that the Governor might grant a base, even although the party applying for it had not complied with the regulations. What encouragement was (here under such a provision for a man to comply with theiffeulntiin*? A man would gain no advantage by cempl) ing with the regulations. Such a provision would only result in complications and difficulties. Then he came to clause 7, which provided that suit for ejectment might be brought in the Warden's Court by the Attorney-General. A pretty chance the holder of the land would have in the Warden's Court, the Warden being the creature of the Attorney-General, the instrument of the ( overdriven. That was a precious piece of legislation. He asked hon. members to look at all this clumsy legisla- tion, and think well whether they ought to buckle it on to to country. The whole question was easy of solution, and might be dealt with by a measure of thirty or forty clauses, defining the principles upon which the gold at his were to be administered, and empowering the miners to frame their own regulations. Surely amongst such an intelligent body of men as the 20,000 who were labouring on the Western gold-fields, nine of them could he found capable of drawing up regulations. Or take three from i o'ch of the three gold-fields, and let the Government appoint one official to be chairman. They would be most competent to deal with the question, and would be able to frame regulations which would be understood and appreciated by the miners. That would be the most efficacious way of settling this vexed question as to the management of the gold-fields. He hoped the measure would be thrown out, and his amendment carried. No legislation would be effective which did not provide for the election of miners to frame regulations, subject, of course, to approval by the Governor and Executive Council. Then he came to the administra- tion of justice, under which the Warden was entrusted with unlimited jurisdiction. In clause 14, a wrong was inflicted upon the diggers which the hon. Solicitor-General had no right to inflict upon them. Why should the decision of the AA orders, in cases not exceeding £30, be final? Why should not the miners, as well as the rest of the community, have the privilege of appealing against what they might consider an unjust decision. The bill went on heaping expenD up upon expense utterly reckless of the pockets of the diggers. He did not see upon what principle of justice the Warden and one uses for should have the power to upset the decision of the two other assessors who might far surpass them in intelligence. So it went on inflicting wrong upon wrong in every clause. He condemned strongly the power given to the Warden to imprison a man for simple disobedience of order, and thought a fine would meet the merits of the case. The man might know nothing about the disobedience of the order, and yet the Warden had no power, upon information received perhaps behind the party's back, to issue his warrant, bring the offender before him, and sentence him to imprisonment. He objected in toto to the constitution of the Appeal Court, is likely to produce great inconvenience and delay. The diggers would starve, and be ruined. Why not let the Appeal Courts sit every fortnight. Why should not special Appeal Court Judges be appointed for the Western, Southern, and Northern gold districts P The District Courts would never be able to overtake the business of appeals; they could not get through the ordinary business of the Courts. The District Court Judges were absolutely overburdened with work, and even the appointment of another District Court Judge would not meet the difficulty. By the 121st clause provision was made for cases involving an amount of £20, while clause 88 said that cases only of the value of £30 would come under the operation of the bill. He condemned this bill because provision was not made for the miners to appeal on equal terms with the rest of the community from the Petty Sessions Courts to the District Courts, and from the District Courts to the Supreme Court. There was no power given to the miner to appeal to the Privy Council at all. This was a most gross injustice, for there was' no class of the community who more required this right to be extended to them. He objected to the power given to the Warden to Ecket his own jury. If the person was not, in the opinion of the Wardell of good repute, the Warden could strike his pen through his name. This Warden had not only power to create this jury, but to strike, out persons who were objectionable to him. He said that if the House assented to this bill, the miners would rise in dissent from such a congregation of wrongs. The hon. member for the Northern Gold-fields laughed and turned his eyes up, subsidised ps he was by the Government. Mr. RODD rose to order. He would take Mr. Speaker's ruling as to whether the hon. gentleman was justified in stating that he was subsidised by the Government. Mr. SPEAKER : Certainly not. The hon. gentleman was certainly not justified in using language that was personally offensive to the hon. member. Mr. BUCHANAN said that out of respect to the House withdrew the term. But it did not require a ghost to fell them what the hon. member for the Northern Goldfields was going to do. We should see what figure he cut in speaking to this measure. ' Mr. RODD: I shall not speak for three hours at all events. Mr. BUCHANAN condemned the provision in the 140th clause that no person once sworn as an assessor should need to be re-sworn on each trial. It was surely well that an nt-ecEEor should be sworn on each occasion. The very first of these clauses inflicted a penalty of £10 on a man who hold so much as a box of matches on a gold- field without having a business license. Why should this be '( and wherefore this necessity ? Or a person going on to a gold-field and selling fruit or milk would, under the arbitrary enactments of this hill, be liable to be mulcted in the sum of £10. Throughout the whole of the subsequent clauses the same principle was evident, showing a want of consideration that hon. members would hardly be prepared to expect. Coming more to the question of mining on private property, the Solicitor-General knew that the miners find strong opinions on this subject, and his proposal now was an insult of the worst character. It was no dealing with the question at all. It was doing nothing but just compelling the owner of private auriferous land to take out a miner's right. The miners said in fact that the gold did not belong to the owners of the land, but to the public, and that thousands of families might be benefited by the working of the land. If it were remembered that hand might be taken for railway purposE, when the benefits were not by any means so great as they were from a gold-field, there could hardly be any doubt as to the desirability of taking auriferous land when so many' families might be benefited by opening it. The justification for taking was that it was takenfortho public good, and surely the justification in such a case as this was still greater than it could be in the case of any railway, for no greater benefit could be conferred on a COmmunity than the opening of a gold-field. Taking in connection with this, the fact that the gold belongs to the State, there could be no possible hardship in taking the land. This was the view taken by the gold-miners, and they, as they say, were prepared to Foys?cn.pcnEntion for the land out of their own pockets ; end as the Government admitted that it was quite lawful to make a race through private land, he hardly thought that there was any difference in principle between that and allowing things to be sunk. Taking this view of the case, the proof of al in this bill was an insult. It was not dealing with the matter, but leaving it where it was before, merely searching the owner of the private land to take out an miner's right. He had now gone through the bill, and whatever hon. members might think of it, he was determined to regard it as the most important measure Parliament could have before it to deal with. He had shown its mistakes, its wrongs, and its enormities, and he contended that he had made manifest so vast an amount of blunder and mistake, that he questioned whether any hon. member would for a moment contravene the position he had assumed, that the bill was so radically wrong that no amendment was possible. It was so full of folly, of wrong, and of injustice, that it was incapable of improvements, and if passed into law the gold miner would find it the darkest day that had ever dawned upon him, even in his dark and chequered career. He moved that the bill be discharged from the paper with a view to the introduction of a measure more concise and understand able, Ices complicated and involved, and better calculated to promote the prosperity and advancement of the great mining interests of the colony. The question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question, was put and agreed that the following division : Mr. Tirita Farrell Buller lures Sutherland Lloyd W. C. Browne Bay Ayes, 24. Mr. Nelson Grahame Cummings Bawden Hoskins Nccle Cunneen T. Brown Mr. Rodd Fitzpatrick Se balls Lee Creed Driver Baker) Burns I [Tellers. Now, 2. Mr, Buchanan. Mr. Robertson. Mr. HOSKINS thought the Government ought to consent to an adjournment. Only two members had spoken flint evening on the subject. It was a question of very great importance, and there were probably other gentlemen who desired to speak before the motion for the second reading was disposed of. Mr. BURNS urged an adjournment of the debate. The bill was a very complicated one, and called for further consideration. Up to the present time, the debate had been confined to the question of gold-mining alone. Nothing had been said yet about the coal, copper, tin, iron, and other mines. He thought there were several hon. members who desired to speak on the question. Mr. PARKES did not think any complaint could be lodged against the Government. Time was asked for due examination and consideration of the bill that time had not only been allowed, but it had been exceeded. About 1 ten days ago, he intimated that it was the intention of the Government to go on with the bill this evening. And no '. member of the Government. had this evening taken up the time of the House, It was an unusual thing for a motion for defending the bill to be negatived, and then for the debate on the second reading of the measure to be renewed. The Government naturally supposed that a division would take place on the motion for the second reading after the amendment had been negatived. The Government would do all in its power to get the business through, and the session closed, so that there might be a reasonable recess, and an opportunity afforded of convening Parliament again at an earlier period of the year. The Government had a measure before the House which they desired to go on with to-morrow, and they would be most unwilling to step aside from the course which had been laid down. If this debate was to be adjourned for a week or a fortnight, all interest in the matter might be lost. Nothing could be more fatal to a measure of the kind than an adjournment of the debate, under such circumstances. A bill of this kind would necessarily open up a large v mount of discussion in committee and there was, therefore, nothing to fear that the bill would not be properly discUFEcd. He did not see his way clear to assent to an adjournment. He thought it would be much better that the motion for the second reading of the bill should go to a division. Mr. GARRETT did not desire to blame the hon. Colonial Secretary or the Solicitor-General for the position the bill was in now, but he did not see that because the division had taken place on the amendment, they should at once go to a division on the second reading of the hill. He believed that a mining bill was necessary, and that a full discussion should take place upon it. That being the case, he thought the adjournment ought to take place sothathonT members who desired to speak, but who had gone away under the impression that the debate would be adjourned, might have an opportunity of addressing the House. He moved the adjournment of the debate. The motion for adjournment was Unit, and negatived on the following division : Ayes, 6. Mr. Hey Mr. Driver Mr. Burns I Trams Hoskins Buchanan Baker J 10"er8 » Noes, 21. Mr. Parkes Mr. T. Brown Mr. Driver Lloyd Rodd Cummings Butler W. C. Browne Fitzpatrick Innes Bennett Leo Sutherland Grahame Cunneen Farrell Bawden De Salts I Tigers Robertson Creed Nelson J Peters Mr. GARRETT again urged the adjournment of the debate, and said that if the Government forced the bill to a division that night he would certainly vote against it. He objected to the power which was given to decide disputes by authorities which were not admitted to be the best authorities. In the bill of 1866, the magistrates were empowered to decide disputes and he objected to such a provision. The present bill contained that principle, and c therefore opposed it. The miners would rather leave their disputes to be settled on the spot by Commissioners than by any other tribunal. (Attention called to the state of the House and a quorum formed.) He agreed with many of the objections taken by the hon. member who had spoken last, and thought that if the bill passed into law the Government would themselves regret it for it would make them universally unpopular. In passing the Esti- mates They had taken the back-bone out of the session, and now they were rushing through important measures without proper discussion. He supposed the Legislative Council Bill would be hurried through in one night, and the same thing might be said of other measures upon which a debate ought to take place. He hoped and trusted as an opponent of the Government that they would get the bill as it was. The question that the bill be now read a second time was put and passed on the following division :- Ayes, 22. Mr. Parkes Mr. T. Brown Mr. Percy Butler Bawden Rodd Lloyd Grahame Baker Furnell Hay Fitzpatrick Sutherland Cummings De Sales Innes Nelson Driver W. C. Browne Cunneen Burns > »»",,_,. CreedjTeUcr" I Noes, 2. Mr. Bennett I where Garrett j fence The bill was read a second time and committed pro forma Progress was reported, and leave given to sit again on Wednesday next. SUPERANNUATION BILL. Mr. PARKES, brought up a bill to repeal the Superannuation Act of 1864. MESSAGE. Mr. SPEAKER announced a message from the Governor, enclosing Loan Estimates for 1873. On the motion of Mr. LLOYD, the Governor's message enclosing Loan Estimates was withdrawn with the view of substituting other estimates. " EQUITY PROCEDURE. Mr. SMITH brought up a bill to reform the practice and procedure of the Courts of Equity and the hill was read a first time. GOVERNMENT BUSINESS. Mr. PARKES, in answer to a question from Mr. Robertson, said that it was the intention of the Government to proceed with their business, as it stood on the paper. Mr. ROBERTSON asked if it were intended to proceed with Supply to-morrow. He thought there had been some arrangement that nothing was to be concluded to- morrow. Mr. PARKES said that Sir James Martin had spoken to him in reference to the Legislative Council Bill, and he had then told the learned member that he concurred that nothing would be done beyond the mover's speech. He had said also that he would not take advantage of the hon. member's absence. If it should happen that the debate concluded at on early hour, nothing would be left but to go into Supply. He assured the hon. member that no advantage would be taken of his absence. PUBLIC EXHIBITIONS. Mr. PARKES moved the second reading of the Public Exhibitions Bill, explaining that the object of the bill was to allow the license for public exhibitions granted by the Colonial Secretary, which now had a merely local application, to extend to the whole colony. The motion was carried, and the bill was read a second time. The bill was committed, and the clauses agreed to without amendment. The House resumed, the bill was reported without amendment, and the report was adopted. ADJOURNMENT. Mr. PARKES moved the adjournment of the House Mr. ROBERTSON said it was a most unprecedented thing that estimates should be brought down with the intention of proceeding with them to-morrow, when they had not been circulated. Mr. PARKES again assured the hon. member that no advantage would be taken of the absence of hon. members. Mr. R. B. SMITH said that Sir James Martin had assured him that the hon. Premier had declared that he would not go on beyond the second reading of the Legislative Council Bill. If this had not been understood he certainly would not have made arrangements for leaving the House to-morrow. He hoped the hon. Premier would make some concession. Mr. PARKES could not say more than he had done already. He was willing to do all in his power to meet the views of hon. gentlemen. Mr. R. B. SMITH : If some promise were not made, it would deprives hon. gentlemen of a day's pleasure; but such a course would not be likely to expedite public business. Mr. BURNS promised, though he had not been invited to the picnic, to put on the brake in event of the Government trying to force on the business too rapidly. Mr. ROBERTSON, under the circumstances, should remain here rather than go away. Desirous as he was of taking a day's pleasure, he thought his duty was to he first attended to Mr. BUTLER said no doubt that if Sir James Martin had said what was reported he was under the impression that such an arrangement had been made. He had been present at the interview between Sir James Martin and Mr. Parkes, nndthnthon. gentleman had been told that there would be every disposition to accommodate him. The motion was put and carried, and the House adjourned at twelve minutes t, 1 o'clock till 4 o'clock of the. following day. 