AUSTRALIAN /TELEGRAMS. ?'' (FROM THE DAILY PAPERS.) .- 'Sydney,- 18th ;Nov.— R.M.S. Bangalore larrivpd' at eight . o'clock this morning. Priam has been, scratched ;for Tattersall's ' Cup. ' The Emerson '.Minstrels are very successful. ' The mechanics' at the Wa,lls end'mino.ori strike prevented the pitmen . -from working . to-day. , -,A man -named Quinn , burned a. hole in. a. cask of rum at 'Windsor, and thecon tents' exploded ; Quinri's leg and thigh weie frightfully- smashed, and ' he:- was; otherwise injured: ' Judge Har grove has refused plaintiff's application to' ...postpone the trial of; Cqppin y. Bennett, an. action to recover author's fees for playing . 'theatrical pieces' at the' Victoria Theatre. . The Victoria was off Jarvis Bay at sundown. * The Assembly is discussing, a'motion to stop . . clerical interference in public, schools. The' \- mail advices have not affected the mat-kets ; v at a large auction sale' of' breadstuffs, Laun ? : ceston wheat realised ' 5s: 2il. ; Adelaide, ps! ll&L; Sydney flour,, £12 10s.; to £13 10s. .. ..The Parana,,from. .Mauritius,- brings. 400 tons ' sugai\ .' ^ ' . . '. . ,'. ;,.- i !;?'-. -v ?-.-.?: i Sydney,' ' 19th ! Nov.— Sir : James Martin ?was' sworn ' in ' as Chief Justice to-day by Judge .Harg'rave. . -,- Tho . Assembly has ...approved of the plans and specifications for ; tho extension of the railway to Wagga Wagga. A verdict' of £1450 ;has been re covered against the' Government for resum ing .possession of . a portion of the harbor . .frontage, for. .fortification', .purposes. ? ' Ar rived.:. Commissary, from London ; John Dnthie, from Liverpool.- ' ? ., ?'?'' Sydney, -20th Nov:— Mr. Innes has' ac '. cepted the office of i Attorney-General ; Mr. ': -: Parkes''.last;letter to, Mr. Butler- respecting , . the chief justiceship completely : contradicts his previous' assertion, that Mr. Butler.' s dis ability for the office, arose from his being a ?: Uathohc. r: vine- witnesses' from Rivefiria,* respecting duriimyism. and evasions of the .Land Act, were heard to-day before the se lect committee' of the Assembly, .and tho ovi 'derice'giyen surprised the committee. The ; ?sentences of death passed upon Woolers, for rape, and Jackey the aboriginal, for murder, . have been commuted respectively to seven , years and ? life imprisonment. : Colonel .' Brasyer has obtained £500 damages against ??tho sheriff, for illegal arrest; '?;, Three shops -. were burned- 'at Forbes to- day ; the loss is ', about £5000, and uninsured. .-. ' A whirlwind , passed over Murrurundi last niglit, and de stroyed a mud^ house belonging to Dr. Peers. ?In; the Assembly to-day Mr Parkes gave 'notice of . motion : to abolish the office of ; SolicitorrGonerali and' to. incorporate .tho Law and Education . departments .under one ..'. responsible Minister -, he ulso mtemls' to de '. '.prive ?EhVAtfornoy-Generalof a seat' in the \- -Cabinet; The Government. bill to permit the sale of liquors lit - railway stations has been ?withdrawn. The Council has passed tho second, reading of the Tarriff Bill. The Border Chief takes 300 tons breadstuffs for London. ' Tho wool salc3 to-day were slightly brisker ?'-prices a shade lower. Sydney; 21st Nov.— rThe Government in tend to get the Mining Bill through com mittee before proceeding .with other mea sures. 'Mr. Salainons declined to contest East Jlacq'uarie. ' An adjournment of the Assembly was moved this evening, to call attention to the want of more' effective pilot service, and additional lighthouses ; the Treasurer, in reply, said that the Govern-, ment intend to' adopt tho report of the Marine Board Conference. ; ? An omnibus capsized- in ; Parrainattarstreet to-day, , and three passengers were severely injured, one of them, Colonel White, late Attorney-General of Fiji, had'botli thighs and his arm broken. He was removed to tho'inlirmary ; the driver hadhisleg and.ann broken, ; The A.N.S,. Company offor, to lay on , a. steamer, for. thp new diggings at the Endeavour River, if suf ficiently encouraged.' ''Captain Stewart has been' acquitted of blame by'the A.S.N. Company onaccoimt'of the grounding of the. s. Aloxdndra. . ' .Mr.., Do .Lissa, wholesale grocer, has stopped payment ; his .liabilities are' under' £20,000, and assets larger ;: he is likely to obtain time for payment;-' ??'?': Adelaide, :18th;. Nov.— Mr. Barrow has given notice for .the introduction of a bill for. licensing sharebrokers. .' ' Beyond the ap pointment of a magistratb -'at Port Darwin, the Government intend doing nothing more regarding the administration of justice there until next; session. The, Ancient Order ot Oddfellows have resolved to amalgamate with the Grand United Order.' Four thousand pounds worth of bismuth have been received from the Balhannah miiie. ? ; A trial crush-, ing of the Ivapunda Company yielded ,8 oz. The ship' Dunkeld has been chartered to load wheat 'for London at 60s., to sailin January. .Thc'Coldsteam, from Calcutta/ brings ? 1G00 ; bales cornsacks.. ? Arrived : . .lone,, from Mauritius. r... ,. .; ,. ,,...-' Adelaide, 19i.li Nov.— The Assembly has rejected the second attempt ;tb carry 'the Road Bill. '? ? The Education Bill'has finally passed the Assembly. ? ? ? An incrpase to: the salary of 'Mr.' Todd, director of telegraphs, has. ,bcen ' agreed to. Cook's .overland party are detained at Alice .' Springs, the waters having dried up. '' Charlotte Jo'r^ son, a factory girl, has committed' snicido by taking oxalic acid. Dr. Jay has been ap pointed junior sugeon at the hospital. , Adelaide, ,20th Nov.— The Government propose spending £40,000 in the Northern Territory beyond the - expected revenue. Mr. Ward has; obtained leave to. introduce; a;bill making tho. jurisdiction of the- .local courts unlimited, and. reducing tho fees. Reaping has commenced. A ; lempbrary in terruption occurred ? on' the overland line, north:, of. H. am -; Creole. .-.;. Sales of new wheat have boon made at.5si to 5s, Id. ... ,,' Adelaide,, 21st Nov.— -The Speaker's dinner to members of the. Assembly took place last night. ' A small1 sale of old ?wheat was made at 5s. 7d. ; millers'parcels of new, 5s. 3d. to 5s. 4d. . ..; '.;.; . ,; WAMiNAMnooL, 18th Nov. — At the an nual meeting of the^orough council a tele gram froni Mr.' Plummer was read regarding the £5000 voted, for- harbor, improvements from tho Minister of Public Works ; the money voted will bo expended : in the com mencement of a new wharf ; this has given iho highest satisfaction, and is just what the people wanted. '-A meeting lias been con vened by .the, mayor, ,to consider the: project of a railway to Casterton v/a.Koroit, Wools thorp'c, Cardniut,. Penshurst, '. Hamilton, Bo ohara, and' Coleraine ; the linp is strongly supported.'. '??? ' .- i ; ? '? ? ?;.-, ;?'.?? ? Kilmoue, :18th Nov.^-A grand quoit match.was played here this.afternooivby the leading residents'. Sides' were chosen Scot-, landjversus the world, and the match resulted in- favour of the latter'by two points. ' Hobaut :Town, 18th- Nov.— rA small lot of the 5 per cent-.1 debentures at five years have been ;taken at 40s. to: 50s. preinium, but the bulk have hot been taken, owing to the dis-, satisfaction ;exprcssed-at..thfir.Troas«ri.'rrhaving advertised. a minimum rate, but it- :is expected they ,wiE all bp talken. -. .Mr.. Lines, the late Premier, has resigned his seat in the Assembly. '' .It is reported that ithd Bishop, intends to appoint himself as 'Dean: ! ;- .'?? EcHUCA,:21st Nov.— Considerable uneasi ness exists hero among the selectors. , The; surveys in Riverina have been made, as sup posed, for selectors who -were- residing on 'the laiid 'and improving it- for s'ix months past. :It:is now believed that the. survey returns have been sent in with tl\o; B'quatter's; name inserted, instead of the .selector's... The selec tors . can , 'get ha information from head quarters.' Hints have boon, given to the selectors to watch for the Government Gazette'.' . SANDnur.sT,;21st Noy.1- rAu Italian.named jDominic .Franeovjph .dropped, down ..dead, 'whilst chopping wood last evening, near' the junction of Lilac and Honeysuckle streets. He .was a quasi-medical man.- and; dispensed Italian nostrums for, the cjire ;6f jrheumatism and other complaints, andr.wa5 familiarly known. 'as the ' acupiinctiiro mar.'' , He .was going this afternoon to receive . £50 in ' ad-^ vance for undertaking to effect a6uro of l'h'eu matism. ,.';'' , ?; ?? ?? ;. -i | ; ', .'? ;';' ? The' Gaol Twins.-— We (Syoriey Morning Herald) have been requested' bi; .Dr. Aaron to state; in. reference to the , luajmmendation of the jury, that the woman iToore. should have merciful consideration 'oil .account of her having had twins in1 the 'gaol,' '.that the children we're eighteen'months old when they were received with their iriotherintp the gaol.' : Diphtheria is reported as prevalent iri: Ballarat. In some, places it was evidently the result of iiegleci- of sanitary precaution. ?Last, week threo'arrests were madd at the .Heads. Two wcro from the.:Hampshiro and . one from the Tairiar. The former, were two brothers, named George and William Butcher, clerics' by profession, Whcl for 'some time had been residin'g at One of the hotels at Eldorado; in the Beechworth district,-, where it is said they managed to; run up a score for board, &c;, of £30, on the strength' of remiitances expected from 'London. ' Aa th,ey did not settle their bill 'and levanted from the dis trict, a warrant was issued for their appre hension on a charge of pbtaining goods under false pretences. ^When 'arrested the elder brother had £96 in cash, and a draft for a £1000 on theBauk of -Now South' -Wales, in his possession. The name of tho third man is Edward. Cliff, late of the Prince of Wales Hotel, Prahran, . who was absconding from1 his wife with a sum of £185J .which was handed over 'to the police. ? Tho three; were remanded,. tho.iformer. to. Eldorado, juid the .latter; 'to Mclbourrio'.-r^-fle. v- . '.-???.? J^-Tii'e mail steamer. ;Bangalorc, „ with the Octobcr'European mails, arichdred in Hob son's Bay between nine and ten, o'clock on; Saturday night, and resumed her voyage to Sydney. She brought a largo number of passengers, amongst whom were Mr. Layard, who has been appointed by the Imperial authorities as a commissioner to inquire into affairs at Fiji relative to annexation. .Mr Gill, who left Victoria. some fourteen. months ago to float a .company in connection with Castlemaine mines,' was also a passenger. Sir Andrew: Clarke, formerly surveyor-general of this colony, and the founder of municipal, government in Victoria, was a passenger by the mail steamer as far as -GalliyeH .rovte to take the governorship of ' the Straits Settle mehts.— A'gi. '??????'???? ,'?'''?? '? i : The'Johnstone River Northern Queens LANp.-T-Frpin a gentleman who lias' just re turnedfrom the, Johnstono River, we (Bris bane Courier) .have obtaihe j sbine int'e|res,ting . particulars of the. last ; discovered rtr-.c't 'of agricultural couhlry'in.ournbrtlierri territovy.: The river, is about; sixty milt's north of- Card- : weih The eiifraiicpis^obstructod. by 'a bar, on which we uiuierstand there is a depth of '3 foot of water at Idw'tide'.- 'jOhco the' bar is passed,;a good navigable river is gained, with rising;banks of rich agricultural land.- ; About' two miles from the entrance ?the; river widens' out' into a magnificent reach' of water,, equal,, we are told; to any part of the Brisbane. Four: milos from the entrance is tho junction; of the north and south ;brancbc3 of the river. Thp banks .become higher, and the character, of the country richer, if possible, as the course of the river is 'followed' from its month. From the junction' our informant traversed the north, branch' for a distance of fifteen miles, and the south .branch for thirteen miles, at which point his upward courso».wa'3 stayed by rapids. As may be expected, the vegetation is very' luxuriant, ;the banks of the river being fringed with a dense jungle of; bamboo, hamper cane, bananas, and creepers, that make's tho exploration both tedious and arduous. One curious physical feature of a large proportion of the country is that where the. batiks of the river, present a steep face,- on .the .summit b.eing gained, it. stretches out into, a wide level plateau, which' terminates in a second .abrupt' bank, from ;which extends another- plateau oiv a higher 'level, giving to the country -the appearance of! a number of natural .terraces. .. It is impossible at present to justly esti.miite the value and. importance of this latest discovery.! -Our informant' is most enthusiastic in his commendation of the country, and declares that. this is hot the dis covery of a rich district, but of a magnificent territory. .As the. set-off to thp natural ad vantages of the .new district, how ev.er, we are told 'that the black's are daring and hostile, and; that no party, numbering less than six white men can hope to ; establish a footing on these waters, and:that they must be 'each of the stamp that will not bo likely 'to entertain the' notion that any of his fellows^ contemplate running away: '? A small quantity of soil from tho now district has beon for warded- to. us, which will be. carefully analysed,, and the result made known. \ Eight years' ; ago,' says the' Fhemantle Herald of the 4th October,- somewhere about the .period of Mr. Clarkson's-nvurder, a -white child named , ? Edwai'd William Dunne, of tender years, the son of Mr. Edward Dunne, a settler at Tanganopka, in the Chauipibu Buy district,- and ? distant, we believe,' some fifty miles,:from.:Gcraldton, was stolen by aborigines,. , brutally murdered, and eaten. !, The perpetrators of this horrid piece of can nibaliVcn escaped apprehension and evaded it for a long time. ' ? Their hideous crime was cffected.on the 5th October, 18G5. During the fiercest of the gale on Sunday morning: the . cutter Iilazeppa came : into port from Champion Bay. Among her passengers were three native prisoners, Yaradee, Mullageilj-j .Billoo, v/hom'-slow but1 ? sure-footed justice has boon patiently, pursuing :for eight, years. After numerous hairbreadth .escapes from cap ture, these men have been at length appre hehdeclj and will take their trialfor the murder at the next crimuial sessions of the Supreme Court. ,.--:-.'; ,: .. :?:?;; ?:', ? .-?; , .:?: ; i; ..? The Guildford. correspondent of tho M. A. Mail, reports', that in ' 1852 or 1853, ,Wm. Thurgp'od, an; old resident of Yapppn, had the misfortune to'-loso the St. Mary's, an Amerif can barque, of which he, was master, .'and principal owner, among, the islands, of- thp Pacific. He reached. Upolo, where Consul Pritchard resided, aiid while there the Scotch clipper topsail'' schooner :Osprey; Captain Parker, ;caine in and anchored. ' Thurgobd and his; crew took passage in :hcr,.and .vrere landed in, Sydnpy,- from whence they reached tlio- Victorian gold-fields. The .Osprey'sx'om plement of men was seven, ' but at ; this late date; Mr. Thurgood; cannot ? recollect names. Mr. j Thurgood ' further says', ? and it can be easily asc.ertained, that there was an Osprey, a' full-rigged ship, trading ? between , Sydney : and Hobart Town1 at one tihie, j tod that she was in existence at the time' of the gold dis coveries in Australia; ? ?-..;? ;'.-?-. The late, War into ;which England .has drifted on. the. West Coast.of Africa threatens to assume much larger proportions. , Several skirmishes have ? taken place i in' which' our troops have !giiined no: advantage^ and the loss of life from disease has been.considerable. Large .reinforcements of material, ammunir ticjn, and men, under Sir Garnet \Volseley, have heen' sent, to Cape Coast Castle, '.and amongst1 tho officers' are Colonel M'Neill, the aijtle-de-camp to General Cameron in the New Zealand war, land; Assistant-Commissary R. $. Stubbs, a. gentleman well-known. in Mel b|ourne,- where his family, resido! That tW Ashanteos can 'resist our men ? in the open, nobody -supposes ; but '. the nature :of : the country, is well adapted, to. bush' fighting, and the climate is to, Europeans most deadly. The Gonseryatives have criticised tlio conduct of tJio Govefnmcht in commencing war -without the; sanction of Parliament iritli. considerable acrimony, ; but ' it is: difficult to see how the Ministry, are to be blamed fortho condnct of their officers in, Africa, who were placed in a very awlnvard position by tho invasion of the' Ashantees :under King Koffee, or how any Adininistratipn-, could, . under thp.-'. cirpuin stances, have done anything except prosecute the War with 'vigor. _; ?,,,.' '' The Ti'chdorse . TriiAL.-^Tho principal eyents in connection 'with this case may be summarised as ?follows :— ^The' editor ;of a country no^yspaperhas; been sentenced to a fine; of £150 for affirming that the clofejularit hadbeen ': proved not to bo ' Orton. The de fendant has been ordered to attend no more pige6n matches nor public meetings. This will be£20b or. £300' per week out bf 'the .defence, but .the 'defendant's supporters aro .not tq be baulked, and a house-to-house can-' yass for funds has been 'announced- The wit nesses for the defence still continue. They ihcludo .carabineers ,and others connected with Cantc'rbury and Cahir, who all deposo to the defendaiit being the Roger Tichborne they knew at those places. Some ,Wapping wit nessiVfi swear that he is not the Arthur Orton of that locality, whilst several Australian witnesses declare him to be Castro, of Wagga Wagga, and a companion of Arthur Orton in, transactions, some of them of a questionable character. A SINGULAR and fatal accident connected, with an Australian incident, occurred the other day in Moelfre Bay, Anglesey. A farmer named Hugh Williams bought the hull of the well-known passenger ship Royal Charter, which was wrecked off the Anglesey coast, some fourteen years ago. He expected to make something of his purchase,, and so employed professional divers to go down. Dissatisfied, however, with the result of their labours, he at length determined to go down himself. This he did several times with some success. At last, however, he took down a cask of blasting powder. By some means this exploded, and when he was drawn up life was found to be extinct. ?'? .The, marriage of thp Duke; of. Edinburgh, whjch Will probably ;jitako placp in January, will be followed ,hy that. of paptain Haigi one of tho equerries by whom he was' accompanied in dll his; visits to 'Victoria. - Captain Haigis engaged tb the hon. .Francis Harris, ; the daughter of the late Lord -. -Harris, the Chamberlain to the Prince of Wales, and the sister of the present peer. The hon. Eliot Yorke, is*' spoken of as the probable Conse'r-' vatiye candidate for- . Cambridgeshire, inUhc place of his eldest brother, -Viscount Roystbn, who has been called to the House of Lords thrdugh the death of. their father, the Earl of Hardwicke. . .? \ ;. The example of the, Tichborne investiga tion is making long trials fashionable. A charge of murder has lately occupied the Lord Chief Baron and a /Maryborough jury forty-three ; days.- .? No wonder that ,thc patience' of the prisoner should be severely tried, and that.when the verdict of guilty was returned the convict expressed a strong de sire to have the' sentence over as soon' as possible. ' Make : haste,' said he, 'I'm in. a hurry; I'll -go down below if you don't hurry4 I, don't want any, speechifying, and if you won't pass sentence at once, I'll pass it 'myself.' Mbdorn prisoners donotseeni so anxious for a long day as those of a previ ous generation. The fastness of. the period is extending to the criminal- population. ..,-. : The sudden promotion of Private Fritz by that eccentric potentate, the Grand Duchess of Gerolstein, is tolerably well-known.. But a, similar instance of a man of humble rank rising to the highest dignities has' just been brought prominently before every one. The death of the Duke of Rianzares a few days ago at Havre, brought back the remembrance :of his early history 1 Originally a soldier in the Royal Body Guard of Spain, Ferdinand Munoz, attracted the favorable notice of Queen Christina, the widow of Ferdinand VII., and so soon as her regency had terminated through the majority of the cx-Quecn Isabella, the dowager married the handsome guardsman, and he was created Duke, of Riauzures. More lucky, than Fritz, he retained his honors, wealth, ' and dignities, notwithstanding the fall' bf' the' house towhichhe belonged. Contempt of Counr in Commenting on Cases sun Judice. — The London Post, re ferring to the proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench, in the case of Mr. Cochran, observes that the Court may have tho power ' (it certainly exercises it) of preventing any discussion in the public press of the merits of ,tho Tiehborne case, but it would scarcely pre tend that its, own conduct in dealing with these cases' of contempt is removed from 'the field of discussion. That a court should have power to punish manifest acts of contempt committed within its prcchits, that it should be able. to. enforce its own process, a;id an-est and bring before it those who disobey orders necessarily made by it . in the administration of justice, is perfectly intelligible. ' But dur ing the: last few months the Court of Queen's Bench has. gone far beyond this, and has carried, its .jurisdiction to a point which would have astounded. Lord Mansfield. That great judge dn! one occasion declared himself power ?iess to punish what at the present day woiild: doubtless be regarded as a flagrant act of contempt.. A prosecutor circulated, in an assize town, among: the jurymen who had been summoned, a'pamphlet intended to pre judice them against the; individual he was prosecuting and thus insure a conviction. Lord Mansfield, however, refused an applica tion to commit him, but directed an indict ment to be prepared for, the common law ?offence of which he had been guilty, and post ppned the original prosecution to the follow ing assizes. We admit (the Post says) that there is a precedent for the attachment of the 'proprietor of a London newspaper for con tempt in commenting on a casts sub judice, but it is very, doubtful whether it could have been legally sustained. The power exercised by the Courtis confessedly not statutory, and, being consequently of commonJaw origin, it certainly ^appears ' to us that it was in effect curtailed by the provision of- the Great Char ter,,which declares that no free man; shall bo deprived of his life, liberty, or property save by the judgment of his peers orthelaw of the land ;' that is to say, by any subsequent de claration of the will of the ? Legislature. No statute, hbwpyer, has beon passed since then conferring on the Court of Queen's Bench the jurisdiction it now affects to exercise. :The Spiritistb Outdone.— r-The London correspondent of the Birmingham Post writes as follows :— If anj' devout Spiritists prevail in ,tho Midlands,, they should make a pilgrim age at once to the .Crystal Palace, at Syden liam. There are two . mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooko, who have gi^at qualifications for' astounding- them. They greatly surpass the Davenport brothers. They make tables dance, walking sticks converse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favourites of the spirits ; a lady floats iu the' air, riot in a dark seance, but in the open daylight. ??? The audience: are not requirod to sit round in the dark, holding 'each other's hands, like so many- idiots^ but sit at liberty, with powerful opera glasses in their hands, are invited on the stage, and sit there during thp performance—' manifesta tions,' I ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated, so that persons can . see under it, and. over it, and on both sides. of it, arid incredulous auditors are' per- mitted on the stage: who can watchbehind it. The floor below it is covered .with a carpet, which 'rendors the use of- a irap-door impos sible, find there are no; possible means, by which persons: placed in the box , could escape from if without observation ; yet a irian enters the box, his legs' are locked in heavy wooden; stocks ;.,when the door is opened the1 man is gone, .and no,orio can conceive in wliat way he has disappeared. : He' returns to. his box in the garb of a gorilla,' manifesting .Satanic proclivities. Ho succeeds in draggmg into his cabinet one King Bill,- a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone, when the door is again opened; and although aidistinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body oHhemeeting,yet neither could discover how the disappearances came 'about. Whether the gorilla , ate- the .butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether, both ate each .other, nobody wax able to s;iy, or to. suggest in what possible manner they could have 'disappeared. The Maskelene and Gobke spirits excel all others Hint have over troubled tho iworld before.. . The; Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were likospirUs who had lost their legs, they never could };et away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For, a lo'iig tinio th'ci Spiritists have been, so, they say, getting tho better of this world, but now the children of this world hav.e got the better; of thp spirits;. 'Mr. Maskelcne ,qnd,Mr. Coolf.e play Spiritist pranks which ii'o Cocklqne ghost'could pre tend' to, arid wliich would have brought Dr. Johnson down jUpon his -krieesii wonder .and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Mask'olene and Cooke would have been, fire and faggot. ..'.,' .??'/. v, A Compliment Sroi'i.T.r^— An editor of -n Yankee paper- recently1., wrote: — ' The editor of our contemporary is a coM-hlooded yiilaiii and a liar, If this is libel,, let him make the most of it.1' The editor's penmanship is riot the riiost easily iread of writing, and tlio sen tence appeared in print thus. :—' Tho euchre was. trumpery in a cotton-headed million and a lipn.. Jim Libby bet snakes ,the. most of it.' The editor wa's in a pleasant state 'of mind' wh'eri' lie read the sentence. Somehow steak arid;toastlbstilieir sayourthat morning,1 ; 