T H E CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. CHAPTER XVII. CAPTIN DUKE AT HOME. BY THE AUTHOR OF " Lady Audlet/'s'- Secret," " Aurora Floyd,' Sc., Sc., dc. GEORGE DUKE sat by the fire, staring moodily at the burning coals, and never so much as casting a look in the direction of his wretched wife, who stood upon the spot where Darrell had left her, with her hands clasped about her heart, and her blue eyes dilated in a fixed and vacant gaze, almost terrible to look upon. The sole domestic at the Hall was the same old woman who had succeeded Sally Masterson as the squire's housekeeper, and had since kept house for Ring wood and his sister. She was half blind andTiopelessly deaf, and seemed 4o-have only a vague consciousness of external things. She took the return of Captain Duke as quietly as if the sailor had not been away eevan weeks. How long she stood in the same attitude, seeing nothing, thinking of nothing, in a kind of stupor which was almost too dull fordespair, how long Captain Geoige Duke sat brooding over the hearth, with the red blaze upon bis cruel face, Millicent never knew. She only knew tbatby-and-by he addressed her, still without looking at her: " Is there anything to drink—any wine or spirits in this dull old hole? " he asked. She told him that she did not know, bat that she would go and find Mrs Meggis (the deaf woman) and ascertain. In the overwrought state of her brain, it was a relief to ber to have to do her husband's bidding? ajwlief to her to go outside into the chilly hall^hd breathe another atmosphere than that sfrhich George Duko respired. -It was along time before she could make Mrs Meggis understand what was wanted; bnt when at last the state of the cas9 dawned upon the old woman, she nodded several times triumphantly, took a key from a great bunch that hung over the dresser, opened a narrow door in one corner of the large stone-flagged kitchen, and, candle in hand, descended a flight of steps leading into the cellar. After a considerable period she emerged with a dusty cobweb-shrouded bottle under each arm. She held each of these bottles before the light for Millicent to see the liquid they contained. That in one was of a bright amethyst color, the other a golden brown. The first was claret, the second brandy. Millicent was preparing to leave the kitchen followed by the old housekeeper carrying the bottles and a couple of glasses, when she was startled by a knocking at the hall-door. When Mrs Meggis became aware of this summons, she put down her tray oi bottles and glasses, and went once more to the hunch of keys; for on the departure of Darrell and Samuel Pecker the door had been locked for the night. It was now past eleven. An unusual hour for visitors anywhere; an unearthly hour at this lonely Cumbrian mansion. Millicent had but one thought. It must be Darrell Markham. She took the tray in her own hands, and followed Mrs Meggis, who carried the light and the keys. When they reached the ball, Millicent left the old woman to open the door, and went straight into the. parlor to carry George Duke the liquor he had asked for. "That's right," he 6aid, "my throat's as hot as first. So, so 1 no corkscrew 1 Heaven bless these pretty novel-reading wives,'they're so good at looking after a man's comfort!" He tookja pistol from his breast, and knocked off the necks of two bottles with the butt-end of it, spilling the wine and spirit' upon the polished parlor teble. He filled a glass from each and drained them one after the other. " Good," he eaid; "the claret first, and the brandy afterwards. We don't get such liquor as this in—-in the Pacific. I shall leave no heel-taps to-night, Mrs Duke. What's that ?» He looked up to ask the question, after draining his glass for the third time. That which had attracted bis attention was the 8onnd of voices in the hall without—the shrill treble pipe of Mrs Meggis, and the deep voice of a man. " What Is it?' ? repeated George Duke. Go And see can't you ?" Millicent opened the parlor door and looked out into the hall. Mrs Meggis, was standing -with' the heavy door in her. hand, parleying with some strange man who stood in the.snow upon the threshold. The same hitter winter wind which bad extinguished the lights at the Black Bear had t>lown out the guttering tallow candle carried by Mrs Meggis, end the hall was quite dark: " What is it ?" Millicent asked. Why, it is merely this, ma'am," answered the man upon the threshold: "this good woman here is rather bard of hearing, and not over easy to understand; but from what she tells me, it seems that Captain Duke has come home. Is that true t" The man spoke from behind the thick folds of a woollen handkerchief, which muffled and disguised his voice 6s touch as it concealed his faoe Evenin the obscurity he seemed jealous of .being feen, for be drew, himself farther back in'to the ehadowof the doorway as he spoke to Mrs Duke. " It »is quite: true,", answered .MHlicent; " Captain Duke has returned." The ^ n mUUered an angry oath; " ftfeturfied," he said; " returned. Surely he must have come back very'lately?" " He came back to-night " To-nigl t J to-night! Not half-a-dozen houri ago, I suppose ?" •' " KotthrBflhoursago." "That's good," muttered the man with anoth6r imprecation; " that?* like toy luck. Down once, down always: that's the my'of theworltf. 1popd-night;fna'am!" ','.;; '"'He I6ft"the threslioid without another word, and ;Ve#t£way ; his footsteps noiseless in the dep^hof snow. - ~ " Who .was it J"'' asked George Duke When Millicent returned to, tbe parlor. "Someman who wanted to know if you lindt«£tataed:" - ' foe&ptaip.; ptarting Swards die hall. DM,TO&out; mjj&eiag; him V' yoB/*! ' ; o • ' baoHofdtbei Vultur6;cleriohed 4iis j [ ^ ^ i i t m W w j p M m m ^ u - " Gone! gone!" he said; "d him, whoever he is. On the very night of my return, too!" He began to pace up and down the room, his arms folded upon his breast, and his head bent gloomily downwards. " The garden room has been prepared tor you, Captain Duke," said Millicent, walking towards the door, and pausing upon the threshold to epeBk to him; " it is the best room in the house, and has been kept well aired, for it was poor Ring wood's favorite chamber. Mrs Meggis has lighted a good fire there." "Ay," said the Captain, looking up with a malicious laugh, " it would be clever to give me damn sheets to sleep upon, and give me my death of: cold on the night of my - return. Folks could scarcely call that murder, and it might be so easily done." She did not condescend to notice this Good-night, Captain Duke," she said. " Good-night, my kind dutiful wife, goodnight. I am to have the garden room, am I ? well and good ! May I ask in what part of the bouse it may please your ladyship to rest ?" " In the room my poor mother slept in," she said. *' Good-night." Left to himself, the Captain of the Vulture drew the table close to the hearth, seating himself in old Squire Markham's high-backed arm-chair, stretched out his legs before the blaze, filled his glass, and made himself thoroughly comfortable. The broad light of the fire shining full npon his face brought out the changes worked in his seven years' absence. Wrinkles and bard lines, invisible before, seemed to grow and gather round his eves and mouth as he sat gloating over the blazp, and the strong drink, and the comfort about him. With his distorted shadow cast upon the panelling behind his chair, darkening all the wall with its exlape, he looked like some evil genius brooding over that solitary hearth, and gainst the roof that sheltered Every now and then he looked up from the blaze to the bottles upon the table, the fire-lit walls, the antique bureau, the oaken sideboard, adorned with massive tankards of tarnished silver and Indian china punch-bowls, the quaint silver candlesticks, and all other evidences of solid countrified prosperity around him, and rubbed his hands softlv, breaking out into a low triumphant chuckle as he did so. " Better than over yonder," he said with a backward gesture of his head—" better than over yonder, anyhow. Thunder and fury! better than that, George Duke. You've not changed your quarters for the worse, since you bade good-bye to old comrades over there." He filled his glass again, and burst into some fragment of a French song, with a jingling chorus of meaningless syllables. " To think," be said, "only to fancy that this Ringwood Markham, a younger man than myself, should have died within a few months of my coming home! Egad, they've said that George Duke was one of those fellows who always fall on their feet. I've had a hard time of it for the last seven years, but I've dropped into good luck after all—dropped into my old luck—a fortune, and a poor frightened wife that can't say bo to a goose—a poor trembling novel-Teading pale-faced baby, that " He broke off to fill himself another glass of claret. He had nearly finished the bottle by this time, and his voice was growing thick and unsteady. Presently he fell into a half-doze, with his elbows on his kuees, and his head bent over the fire. Sitting thus, nodding forward every now and then, as if he would have fallen upon the burning coals, he woke presently with a sudden jerk. " The chain," he cried, " the chain ! D yon, you French thief 1 bear your own share of the weight." He looked down at bis feet. One of the heavy 'fire-irons had fallen across bis ankles. Captain Duke laughed aloud, and looked round the room, this time with a drunken halfbewildered stare. "A change," he said, "-a change for the better." The bottles were both nearly empty, and the fire had burned low. Midnight had sounded some time before from the distant church clock—the strokes dull and muffled in i snowy weather. The Captain of the Vulture rubbed bis eyes drowsily. " My head is as light as a feather," he muttered indistinctly ; " I've not been over used to a bottle of good wine lately. I'm tired and worn out, too, with three days' coach-travelling and a week's tossing about in stormy weather. So now for the garden room ; and to-morrow, Mrs George Duke and Mr Darrell Markham, for you." . He shook his fist at the low fire as if be bad seen the images ot his wife and her kinsman looking at him out of the hollow coals; then rising with an effort, he took one candle from the. table, blew out the other, and staggered off to find his way to the room in which he was to sleep. The house had been so familiar to him in the old squire's lifetime, that, drunk as he was, he had no fear of losing himself in tbe gloomy corridors on the upper floor. The 'garden room was a large chamber, which had been added to the house, about a hundred^years before, for this accommodation of a certain whimsical lady of fortune, who had married old Squire Markham's grandfather.- It was a large apartment, with small diamond-paned windows overlooking a flowergarden, which had been laid out immediately after the accession of William the 'Third, and was called tbe Dutch garden—a. stiff unpicturesque- parterre with flower-beds cut in geometrical lorfns, trimly cut box bordere, qiiaintly-shapbd shrubs, and a fountain that had long been dry. A half-glass door opened on to a flight of stone stepB, leading down into this, garden; whioh advantage, in conjunction with ,tbe superior, size and furniture of the apartment;, had long made tbe garden room the state chamber «t Compton Hall. A great tiqti^re -bed, ; with gilded fratoework, mouldering' tapeBtry - curtains,. faced the casement windows' and the half-glass door, which was shrouded in winter by a curtain of tapestry liketbehaogings of the bed. \- George Duke set his candle on a table hear tbe fire and looked about him. Millicent had spoken the.-truth, when she said that Mra Meggis hnd jjiade.a good fire, for long as it was since-the chamber had been — J inhabitant, the wood find Woal burned -lightly 4jbhihd tbe bar;. of tbe; wide grate. The Captain replenished the fire, flutjgv hjjnpfdf iojo, ,a ^pn^fortahle .t^pest/ied drm-ch&Tr; iieaT tne'fceftrthj and kicked off his damp worn-boots^ S "7'Xljereistft.sshi*d. A^pntme .that would be said* BBi>e looked at his patched and threadbare blue coat, the tarnished lace on which hung in frayed fragments here and there. " So it's no bad fortune that brought me back to look for Mistress Millicent." There are some men upon wboBe nature good wine has a softening and even elevating influence. There are some topers so generous in their drunkenness that they would give away kingdoms if they had them to bestow; some so tender that they weep maudlin tears over the friend of the hour, and would foin clasp all creation in one tipsy embrace; some so' exalted and inspired by rich wines that grand and noble sentimente and bright poetic fancies will flow like water from their feverish lips, -until those who listen must needs, believe that the gods have returned to earth, and that Bacchus bimself discourses from the mouth of his votaries. But the finest vintages of sunny Burgundy were wasted on George Duke. For any genial influence which the wine exercised upon him, the Captain might as well have been drinking vinegar. Even in his drunkenness he took a malicious delight in the idea that he had returned to cheat and outwit his wife. He laughed aloud—a tipsy brutal laugh; and the eyes that had grown dull under the influence of strong drink lighted up once more with that red glimmer -which the Captain's enemies declared was like the diabolical brightness in tbe eyes ot a fiend. He took off his coat and waistcoat, put a atr of pistols under the pillow, and threw Eack tbe counterpane of the bed. Then, without further preparation, he flung himself down, half burying himself in the luxurious bed which the chatelaines of Compton had counted amongst their treasures for upwards of a century. " I wonder whether yonder glass door is bolted," he muttered, as he dropped off to sleep : " of course it is, though—and little matter if it wasn't: I'm not much afraid of the honest villagers of Compton- on-the-Moor. Folks who come from the place I have just left don't often carry much to be robbed of." Mechanically his wandering right hand sought the butt- end of the pistol beneath the pillow, and so with his fingers resting on the familiar weapon, George Duke dropped of to sleep. It is doubtful if he had ever said a prayer in his life. He said none that night. CHAPTER XVIII. WHAT WAS DONE IN THE GARDEN ROOM. FOR Millicent Duke there was no sleep that wretched hopeless night. Sile did not undress, but sat still and rigid, with her hands locked together, and her eyes staring before her, thinking. Thinking of what ? What was she ? It was that question which some weary monotonous piece of mechanism in her brain was for ever asking, and never answering. What was she, and what had she done 1 What was tbedegreeofguiltinvolved in this fatal marriage, and for how much of that guilt was she responsible ? She had opposed the marriage, it is true. She had striven hard against the tender pleadings of every memory of her youth and its one undying affection ; but she had yielded. She had yielded, as Darrell had but truly said, against her better judgment; or rather against some instinctive dread, some shapeless terror, in defiance of the warning accents ol a mystic voice, which had whispered to her that she was not free to wed. What was the extent of her guilt ? She had been simply and piously educated. She had been educated by people whose honest minds knew no degrees of right or wron, whose creed was made up ot hard unassailable doctrines; and who 6et up the Ten Command ments as so many stone boundaries about the Christian's feet, and left him without one ga| or loophole by which he might escape their full significance. What would tbe curate of Compton say to her the next day when she went to him to fall at his feet and tell her miserable story ? Strange weakness of poor human nature ! It was of the Compton curate she thought rather than uf bis Divine Master. She dreaded that the priest would be pitiless, and forgot the illimitable tenderness, the inexhaustible compassion of Him whose example the priest was bound to follow. Her intellect was not strong enough to support her in this terrible crisis of ber life. She exaggerated the enormity of her sin. She fancied herself the victim of some hideous fatality. Not (Edipus, in the hour when the revelation of his unconscious guilt burst fully on his tortured spirit, could have felt a deeper horror of his crime than this poor frail fair-haired woman, who cast herself upon the ground, and lay grovelling there and tearing her pale golden hair, crying out again and again that she was a guilty and a miserable creature. Then, above even the thought of her sin, more horrible even than this consciousness of guilt, arose the black shadow of ber future life —her future life, which was to be spent with him—with this hated and dreaded being, who .now had a good excuse for tbe full exercise of his jealous spite against her, suppressed before, but never hidden. She tried to think of what her life would be—the Ii(,ht of Heaven blotted out, the angry hand of offended Providence stretched forth against Iter, and the cruel eyes of George Duke watching and gloating upon her anguish, till ber miseries wore her life away, and she dropped into her grave and went to meet the eternal punishment of her sins. 'J he thought of these things maddened her. She went to a bureau opposite the empty fireplace, and opened a drawer. She was in the room which had once been occupied by her dead father and' mother, and she remembered that in this drawer there were some razors that had belonged to the old squire. She found the case containing them, and taking one of them in her band looked at the shining blade, For one desperate moment she had thought that she would put an end to her wretched life, and thus cheat George Duke of his victim ; but this gentle pious patient creature was not of the stuff out ot which 6uicides are made. \- " 0, no," she cried piteouBly; " no, no, no, I cannot die with-my sins unrepented of." In her tenor of herself and eagerness to escape temptation, she was awkward in shutting the razor; so awkward, that before she could succeed in doing it, the blade slipped between the old- fashioned handle and cut her across the inside of her hand. Ir was not a dangerous cut, nor yet a very deep one, but deep enough to send the blood spattering over the'razor-made and handle, the oak flooring, the open drawer'of tb'e bureau, and the skirt of Millicent^ mourning dress. , J3he ;tbrust the razor back into the case, and the case into tbe drawer, bonnd ber band with a-cambric handkerchief, and -sat down again by tbe empty, .hearth. " 0, if Sally were bere—my good iaithfol ; Sally—what a comfort she would be to me!'' said Airs Duke. The stillness and loneliness of the house oppressed her She opened the window and lo6ked out at the snow-covered garden below. The feathery flakes still falling, always falling, thick and silently from the starless sky, shut out tbe world and closed about the old house like a vast white winding-sheet. The casement whence Millicent looked was at the angle of the house which was most remote from the garden room ; but sbe could see at tbe farther end of the terrace the reflection of the firelight shining through one uncurtained window red upon the snow. The red reflection made a luminous patch. upon the ground, peculiarly bright when contrasted with the surrounding darkness. As Millicent looked at this illuminated spot, a dark object crossed it rapidly, blotting out the light fo: a moment. It was such a night of wretchedness and misery, that this circumstance, which at another time might have alarmed her, made no impression upon Mrs Duke's bewildered mind. She closed the casement, and returned to the fireplace, where she sat down again, in the same listless attitude, and with the same sad despairing face staring blankly at tbe cheerless heart. But tbe silence and solitude became utterly intolerable to her : she took the candle in her hand, opened her chamber door, went out upon the landing-place, and listened. Listened, sbe knew not for what—listened, perhaps hoping for some sound to break that intolerable stillness. She could hear the ticking of the clock in the hall below. Beyond that, nothing. Not a sound, not a breath, not a murmur, not a whisper throughout the house. Suddenly—to ber dying day she never knew bow the idea took possession of her— she thought that sbe would go straight to the garden room, awake George Duke, make him an offer of every guinea she had or wa6 likely to have in the world, and entreat him to leave her and Compton for ever. She would appeal to his mercy—no, rather to his avarice and self-interest; she knew of old how little mercy she need expect from him. She turned into the long corridor leading to tbe other end of the house, and walked rapidly towards her husband's chamber. Tbe door of the garden room was shut, and Mrs Duke's right hand being wounded, and muffled in a handkerchief, she was some time trying to turn the handle of the lock. The blood from the cut across her hand had oozed through tbe bandage, and left red smears upon the oldfashioned brass knob. Millicent was perhaps rather more than two minutes trying to open the door. All was still withiu the garden chamber. Tbe firelight shone in fitful flashes upon tbe faded tapestry and the dim pictures on the wnlls. Millicent crept softly round to the side of the bed upon which Captain Duke'had thrown himself. The sleeper lay with his face towards the fire, and bis hand still resting on the butt-end of his pistol—exactly as he had lain an hour before, when he fell asleep, Millicent remembered how her brother Ringwood bad lain in this very room, dead and traoquil, but three months before. Awestricken by the stiilmss, terrified by tlie thought of the desperate proposition she was about to make, Millicent paused between the foot o' tbe bed and the fireplace, wondering hot.- she should awake her husband. The firelight, changeful and capricious, now played upon the sleeper's ringlets, lying in golden-brown tangles upon the pillow, now glanced upon the white fingers resting on the pistoi, now flashed upon tbe tarnished gilding of the bed posts, now glimmered on the ceiling, now lit up the wall; while Millicent's weary eyes followed the light, as a traveller, astray on a dark night, follows a will-o'-thewisp. She followed the light wherever it pleased to lead ber. From tbe golden ringlets on the pillow to the hand upon the pistol, from the gilded bed posts to tbe ceiling and tbe wall, lower and lowerdown the wall, creeping stealthily downwards, to the oaken floor beside the bed, and to a black pool which lay there, slowly saturating the time-blackened wood. The black pool was blood—a pool that grew wider every second, fed by a stream which WBB silently pouring from a hideous gash across the throat of Captain George Duke, of the good ship Vulture. With one long cry of horror, Millicent Duke turned and fled. Even in her olind unreasoning terror she remembered that it was easier to escape from that horrible house by the glass door leading to the garden than by tbe staircase and the hall. This half-glass door was in. a recess, before which hung the tapestry curtains. Millicent dasbed aside the drapery, opened the door, which was only fastened by one bolt, and rushed down the stone steps, across tbe garden, along tbe neglected pathways, and out on to the high road. The snow was knee-deep as she tottered through it onwards towards the village street. She never knew how she dragged hfer weary limbs over the painful distance; but she knew that the clocks were striking three when she knocked at the door of the Black Bear. The door was opened by Samuel Pecker, whose limited intellect had sustained a severe, shock from the events ot the day, and who was yet more terrified by this unwonted knocking, which had aroused him from a muddled dream in which innumerable Captain Dukes nnd roast turkeys bad gibbered at and. mocked him in bewildering confusion. Pale as ashes, and with his garments flung upon him in picturesque disorder, Millicent had been knocking some time when be. opened the door a few inches wide, and, candle in hand, looked out of the aperture. So had he opened that very door for the 6ame visitor more than seven }'ears ago, upon a certain autumn night, when Darrell Markbam lay above 6tairs in tbe blue room, prostrate nnd delirious. " Who is it ?" he asked, shivering in every limb. " It is I—Millicent. Let me in, let me in; for the love of God, let me in !" There was such terror in her voice as made thejinn-keeper forgetful of any alarm of his own. He gave way before this terrified woman as all men must yield to tbe sight of such intense emotion, and opening tbe door widej let ber pft6s by him unquestioned. The hall was all ablaze with light. Darrell Mfirkham, Mrs Pecker and the servants bad' come, down -half dressed, each carrying a lighted candle. The night had been one of agitation and - excitement;~ none bad slept' well, and all bad been arouBed by tbe knocking. Jfo unearthly shadow of the dead, ornnhbly double of the living, no ghost newly arisen in tbe grave-clothes, of the long'buried,-could have struok more horror to these people's minds than did the figure of Millicent ^uk^, stunding amidst: them, ber pale dishevelled hair damp with the melted Snow, her disordered garments trailing about her, wet and blood-stained, her eyes dilated in the same fixed gaze of horrified astonishment with which she had looked upon the murdered man, and her wounded hand, from which tbe handkerchief had dropped, dyed red with hideouB smears. She stood amongst them for some moments, neither speaking to them nor looking at them, but with ber eyes still fixed in that horrorstricken stare, and her wounded hand wandering about her forehead till her brow and hair were disfigured with the same red smears. His own face blanched to the ghastly hue of hers, as Darrell Markham looked at his cousin. Some horrible dread—shapeless but unspeakably terrible—took possession of him, and for the.moment he was powerless to question her. Sarah Pecker was the first to recover ber presence of mind. " Miss Milly," -she said, trying to raise tbe distracted girl in her arms ; " what is it 7 What has happened ? Tell me, dear.'' At the sound of this familiar voice the fixed eyes turned toward tbe speaker, and Millicent Duke burst into a loud hysterical laugh. " My God," cried Darrell, " that man bas driven her mad!" " Yes, mad !" answered Millioent, " mad Who can wonder 1 He is murdered. I saw it with my own eyes. HiB throat cut from ear to ear, and the red blood bubbling slowly from the wound to join that black pool upon tho floor. " 0, Darrell I Sarah ! have pity upon me, and never let me enter that dreadful house again!" She fell on her knees at their feet and held up her clasped hands. " Be calm, dear, b6 calm," said- Mrs Pecker, trying to lift her from the ground. "See darling, you are with those who love you—Master Darrell, and your faithful old Sally, and with all frionds about you. What is it dear ? who is murdered ?" " George Duke." " The Captain murdered 1 Bnt who could have done it, Miss Milly ? Who could have done such a dreadful deed ? She shook her head piteously, but made no reply. It was for the first time that Darrell interfered. " Take her upstairs," he said to Mrs Pecker in an undertone. " For God's sake take her away! . Ask her no questions, but get her away from all these people, if you love her." Sarah obeyed; and between them they carried Milliceat to the room in which Darrell had been sleeping. A few embers still burned in the grate, and the bed was scarcely disturbed, for the young man had thrown himself diessed upon the outside of the counterpane, on this bed Sarah Peckei 1 laid Millicent, while Darrell with his own hands Telighted the fire. On entering the room he had taken the precaution of locking the door, so that they were sure of being undisturbed ; hut they could hear the voices of the agitated servants and the innkeeper loud and confused below. Mrs Pecker occupied herself in taking off Millicent's wet shoes, and bathing her forehead with water and some reviving essence. " Blood on her forehead!" she said, " blood on her hand, blood on ber clothes ; Poor dear, poor dear! what can they have hepa doing to her ? Darrell Markham laid his hand upon her shoulder, and tbe innkeeper's wife could feel that the strong man trembled violently. " Listen to me, Sarah," he said: " something Horrible has happened at the hall. Heaven only knows; for this poor distracted girl can tell but little, 1 must go down with Samuel to see what is wrong. Remember this, that not a creature but yourself must come into this room while I am gone. Not a creature but yourself must come near Millicent Duke. You understand ?" " Yes, yes 1" " You will yourself keep watch over my un- .'j happy cousin, and not allow another mortal to see her ?" " I will not, Master Darrell." " And you yourself will refrain from questioning her; and should she attempt to talk, you will check ber as much as possible ?" " I will—I will, poor dear," she answered bending tenderly over the prostrate figure on the bed. Darrell Markham lingered for a moment to look at his cousin. It was difficult to say whether she was conscious or not; ber yes were half open, but they bad a lustreless unseeing look which, bespoke no sense of that which passed before them: Her head lay back upon the pillow, ber arms bad fallen powerless at her sides, and she made no attempt to stir when Darrell turned away from the bed to leave the room. " You will come back when you have found out " "What bas happened yonder? Yes, Sarah, I will." He went downstairs, and in the hall found one of the village constables, who lived neat at hand, and who had been aroused by an officious ostler, anxiouB to distinguish himself in the emergency. " Do you know anything of this business, Master Darrell ?" asked the man. " Nothing more . than what , these people about here can tell you," answered Darrell, I w;as just going down to tbe Hall to see what had happened." " Then I'll go witb. your honour, if it's agreeable. Fetch a lantern, somebody." Tbe appeal to " somebody"" being rather 6 .»•. R IDDPI/UUDUWIBJ AUU UII CNE lanterns to be found in the establishment were speedily' placed at the disposal of tbe con- stable. That-functionary selected one for himself, and banded another to Darrell, "Now then, Master Markham," he said, " the sooner we start the better." Bnt tbe officious ostler who bad fetched the constable, and tbe other servants of the Black Bear; had no idea oi being deprived of any further share in the business. They were forming themselves into a species of impromptu procession, .armed with a couple of rusty blunderbusses and a kitchen poker, with a view to acci ro'panylng Darrell and tlie constable, when the latter personage turned sharply round upon them, and addressed them tbuB: J* Now you look .here," he said -j -we don't with your ire-arou'iui!' wur.^ri^riB, Igoing direct against the' fcit AVfyf**Pr sver's wrong down yonder, me and "Mr. Markham is strong' enough and big enough to see into it, i without the help o<Vany of you." 'With which unceremonious remarks the constable! shut ithe door of the SltVok fiear Up0Q its master and fys" servants, and strode forth into the snow, followed by .Darrell Markham. Neither of tbe two men spoke to each other on the way to the Hall, except ohoe when tbe constable again asked Darrell if he knew anything of this business, whereupon Darrell again answered, as he had answered before, that he knew nothing of it whatever. Tho light shining from the shutterless window of tbe garden room showed them the house far off. This light came from Millicent's candle, which still burned where sho had set it down before she discovered the murder. We shall have difficulty enough to get in," said Darrell, as they groped their way towards the terrace; "for the only servant I saw in the hopse was a deaf old woman, and I doubt if Mrs Duke aroused her." " Then Mrs Duke ran straight out of the bouse when the deed was done, and came to the Black Bea* ?" , " I believe so." "Strange that sbe did not run to nearer neighbors for assistance. The Bear is upward s of a mile and a half from here, and there are houses within a .quarter of a mile." Darrell Markham made no reply. " See yonder," said the constable; " we shall have no difficulty about getting in—• there is a door open at the top of those steps." . He pointed to the half-glass door of the garden room, which Millicent bad left ajar when she fled. The light, streaming through the aperture, threw a zigzag streak upon the snow-covered steps. Tliesnow still falling, perpetually falling, through that long night, blotted out all tootprints almost as soon as they were made, " Do you know in which room the murder was committed, Master Darrell ?" asked the constable as they went up the steps. " I know nothing but what you know yourself." The constable pushed open the half-glass door and tlie two men entered the room. The candle, burned down to the socket of the quaint old silver candlestick, stood where Millicent had left it on a table near the window. The tapestry curtain, flung aside from the door as she bad flung it in ber terror, hung in a heap of heavy folds. That hideous pool between the bed and the fireplace had widened and spread itself; but the hearth was cold and blaok, and the bed upon which George Duke had lain was empty. It was empty. Tbe pillow on which his head had rested was there, stained a horrible red with his blood. The butt-end ot tbe pistol, on which his fingers bad Iain when he fell asleep was still visible beneath the pillow, lied ragged stains and streaks of blood, and one long gory line whicb marked what way the stream had flowed towards the dark pool on the floor, disfigured the bedclothes; but beyond this there was nothing. " He must have got off tbe bed and dragged himself into another room after his wife left him for dead," said the constable, taking tbe candle from bis lantern and thrusting it into the candlestick left by Millicent; " we must search the house, Mr Markham." Before leaving the garden room, the rustic official bolted the half-glass door, and then, followed by Darrell, went out into the corridor. They searched every room in the great dreary house, but found no trace of Captain George Duke, of the good ship Vulture. The sharp eyes of the constable took note of everything, and amongst other things of the halfopen drawer in the bureau in the room which Millicent bad last occupied. In this half-open drawer he found nothing but the razor-case, which be put into his pocket, after having examined its contents. " What do you want with those ?" Darrell " There's bloodstains upon one of them, Mr Markham. They may be wanted when this business comes to be looked into," the man answered quietly. In one of the smaller rooms Darrell and the •constable came upon the old woman, Mrs Meggis, snoring peacefully, happily ignorant of all that had passed, and us there seeofed little good to be obtained from awakening her, they left her to ber slumbers. The empty broken-necked bottles and the high silver candlestick stood on tho oaken table in the parlor, as Captain Duke had left them when he went to bed. On the sideboard the tarnished silver tankards, ranged in a prim row, stood i<gdi6turbed as they bad stood in the old squire's lifetime; the bail door, fastened with heavy bolts, remained as it bad been left by tbe ieaf-housekeeper. Throughout the house there was no sign of plunder nor of violence, sayl the pool of blood in the garden chamber. ^ " " Whoever bas dote this business," said the constable, looking gravely about him and pointing to tbe plate upon the sideboard, " is no common burglar." " You mean——" " I mean that it hasn't been done for gain. There's something more 'ban plunder at the bottom of this." They went once more to the garden room, and the constable walked Slowly round the chamber, looking at everything in' his way. " What's come of the Captain's clothes, I wonder!" be said, rubbing'his chin, and staring thoughtfully at the tod, It was noticeable that no vestige of clothing belonging to Captain George Duke was left in the apartment. (To be continued.) 5 WHAT is the difference between a cloud and ai beaten child ?—rOne pours With rain, and the other roars with pain. RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION,—A ^RESPONdent, whose information may genendly .be relied upon, writes:—" Havinfr refei^abe to the new Railway Construction sill, it'is more than likely the Ovens Hiver Railway, with branoh to Beech worth,; will biB included. The. points of divergence from the North-Bastern line mil be probably three and a balf milts at the Beechwoith side of Wangaratta} B»d running thence to .a pomt between Tarriwingee ana "MurtnungeeYtbe Beeobworth branch 'will there diverge north for about eight end a half miles into that town : so that in estitnaing tbe post, Beechwdrth is to be debited for only tb;e! eight and a half miles referrdd/Jto, ana one-half of the cost of the other seventeen miles, whioh will form the first portion of tbe railway to Harrietville; and in all^probability ihe completion of- the railwi [Bright, inrill be'. provided for in tbe Com tion Bill of 1874."— 0 # M. Advertixr\ 