THE NEWS BY THE MATT, OUR PARIS LETTER. October 4fch. "Incapable but honest," was the general opinion entertained of Comte de Chambord until a few days ago, but since he bug written a letter to a partizan unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the second adjective is withdrawn. It is only another proof of the counsel,"" Put not your faith is Princes." It is said that men are only consistent when in opposition; now the Comte de Chambord having sworn as many oaths as a dicer or a lover, that he would never abandon his white flag—it being rank blasphemy for the people to nail theirs, the tricolor, to the mast, or the making of the Pope temporally, first flower of the earth and first gem of the sea, and crushing St. Michael and Satan fashion the consequences of the first revolution, now hintB all these views are pure inventions of the enemy: Like M. Jonrdain and speak-, ing prose, the Count has been a liberal all his life, without knowing it." This re sult of the " fusion" was not expected. If Henri T. really intends to " pose" for the throne that it seems Providence specially created for him, he must' speak to the people neither in parables nor in platitudes. He must put down his liberalism-on paper, which will likely repre sent its value, at the same time sign, seal, and " swear" to it. The ghosts of Charles X, and Napoleon III might come np for the occasion to encourage him to " swear." "When Home Tooke was asked to sign the Thirty-nine Articles, he replied " with plea sure, one hundred and thirty-nine, if you wish." . It is not in that spirit the finest peasantry under the sun would like to see Harry the Fifth endorse the points of their charter. No matter what he may. recant, or the " dispensations " he may receive, the Comte de Chambord may become king owing to the " accident of an accident," but he will never be the comer stone of the nation, but a target for a few- years for paper pellets and the whips and scorns of time. May he be delivered from being another hind of target, like his dearly be loved cousin, Louis Phillippe, whose life was attempted once a year, owing pprhaps to his habit of carrying a Sally Gamp umbrella, which made him soremarkable and—famous. . Tbe more the country desires to possess a common-sense Bepnblic the stronger be comes the determination of the chance majority in the Chamber to bestow upon it a Monarchy. The people certainly do not want this kind of greatness thrust upon it, I but their sovereign Assembly is like woman —'"If she will do't, she will; and there's an end on't." Besides, the Royalists are not at all fools—quite another appellation according to their opponents—and would not drag their King through the mud if they did not believe he would emerge " a thing «f beauty and a joy for ever." It is sot thought that tbe Radicals are an inch nearer power, einee they have selected the "Bed," Prince Napoleon, for chief. This alliance is one of the latest additions to " the sweep aspect of princes." "i he mode rate Republicans find, like the Egyptians of old, that their strength for the moment lies in sitting still. The last snbject patriots thine abont is the certain hud winter staring both citi zens and rnrals in the face. It is a mistake to calculate upon private charity to relieve a" coming misery of vast proportions. Tbe State has had to suspend public works— fortifications and the. manufacture of big guns excepted—on the ground of economy, and the people have made all the bone scraping retrenchments possible. Tbe French, bear in mind, are the only nation who .have succeeded in making an appe tizing dish out of dissolved bona#—otieine. May the bones even be forthcoming, as there are ugly rumors that the tax- gatherer will lay on his stripes with a heavy hand, no -matter what form of government, .or possibly none at all, may be established. We have desired to rid ourselves of the invader, and must pay for the whistle that charmed him away. The " Five Milliards Polka " is very much in vogue, for 36 mil lions of people can dance to it, but it sends a shiver through oue, creates a sensation like what a person in consumption must feel when his health has been toasted. Yes, the hardships of the ensuing winter promise to be exceptionally severe; the misery can not be so successfully disposed of as the cholera, and the purse of Sir Eichard Wallace does not after all equal that of Fortunatus,- for no foreigner—Prussians excepted—is ever prevented from bestowing donations and practising good work3. The Jews have just celebrated the Kip pour or Feast of Atonement, which requires a fasting and praying for 24 hours, as well as a cessation from all worldly callings. Wonder what would be the effect if politi cians were to try the effects of a Kippour ? More especially in the case of the writer of the latest pamphlet, who profoundly ob serves in the opening passage, " that it is necessary to create a new world, as that which is ancient is dead, and that which i3 new born will immediately die." To their credit be it said the Jews abstain as a body from political agitations. Some of the ablest writers in the Paris journals are Jews, and members of that persuasion occupy most important official positions! While the teeth of their co-religionists continue to he drawn—not on the painless .extraction system—in Eoumania—here in Paris the Jews can find a temporary Pro mised Xiaud, because France is perhaps rich in the production of all that 13 temporary. Sufferance, however, is the badge of their tribe, as being very wealthy, every Christian charity appeals to them, and with success, for assistance. They are particularly dis tinguished for the great attention they de vote to all their religions duties. The Jewish colony is divided into some ten or or twelve sections, or tribes ; when a mem ber dies, every survivor is , said to con tribute the thousandth, or less quota of 'the funeral expenses. If declined, the amount is carried to a general relief fund. In some hours Bazaine will be placed on his trial, which may last for six or twelve weeks. His own story is now re-published in a popular term, which is strange, as many consider his hook the" most damaging niece of evidence a<rainst. him The journals abound in plans of the battle fields and maps of Sletz, and the carpet Moltkes demonstrate in quite an off-hand way, that if the Marshal had done this, and avoided that, we would have had the French army now_quartered in Berlin. Probably the two fair equestriennes, whose evidence piques curiosity so .much, will also con demn the prisoner's strategetie skill. It is • rather too much to expect that in the tremendous struggle among the newspapers, both home and foreign, to report the trial, the sensational Press of Paris rwill not hold its own. Any moment after the indictment has been read the announcement that the accused had been found guilty may be expected. One can never forget "the harrowing details," obtained at an "immense expense," supplied by. a journal of Emperor Maximilian's execution at Queretaro a month before it took place. In all the changes and chances in the French character, politics apart, no "one can ever upbraid the working of the. tribunals in their dispensation ot justice. The trial may be tedious or short, direct or minnte, hut it will be exhaustive, and the judgment delivered sound.. :; He heapeth up riches, and knoweth not who shall gather them, may be well applied to: the late .Dr. Nelaton, who left his im mense wealth to his son, and the latter is about supplying what his father omitted— pray remember the poor; for it is rather a good fashion to do so, and deserves to he . encouraged, especially on the part of men likejNelaton, who nobly rose from indigence to honors and wealth. - Yonng Nelaton eon templates erecting, and endowing an hos pital for incurables. Strange dedication to a distinguished man, who was famous for curing everybody but himself. In .any case, some journals recommend that the building be rapidly pushed forward, and the pre tenders of all sorts admitted for life. People inquire what has Bochefort done with all his fortune, for in the latter months, of his cometic career he was reaping golden harvests. In the late sale of-his household furniture, all it brought was some 3,000 francs, and the executor of his estate avows that is all the means of support left for bis children. It is then.3,000 francs more than possess the children of those dnped Com munists whom Kochefort poshed to their natural termination. It is a common say ing among the work people that no matter whether the revolutions they take part in be successful or otherwise, all they receive in anv case are the blows. Perhaps the richest and most lucky man in Prance is the Due d'Aumale, yet he is not at all popular, his ambition is to be "second" in Gaul. His wealth will go to the Comte de Paris in the natural course of things, who is not a millionnaire. It has, therefore, been a fortunate occasion for the Count to be reinstated in "the family castle of. Amboise, famous in history for the triumph of the Guises over the "dumb captain," the Prince of Condd, and where decapitations and hangings continued for a month before the castle, and where the young king, his brothers, their attendants, and the ladie3 of the conrt were daily spec tators. A short time ago the Comte and Comtesse de Paris visited this property after being restored to them, in a very quiet manner, and alone. Hot being known, the house porter, like all such Cerbernses in France, was rude;. the Count threw open the window of the dining room to admire the landscape, and was ordered not to do so by the porter; the two visitors inspected other portions of the building, and on de parting passed through the dining room, when the porter brutally called upon the Count to close the window. The latter re plied coldly, " I shall do so when I come to inhabit the castle in a few weeks." The porter was dismissed for his insolent bear ing, and such is the history of the noise made about the " poor concilrge having been sent adrift, &c.;" We have had another suicide with the revolver by an officer, who was disgusted with life, after squandering a fortune to produce that feeling. The best way of stopping this mania now so mnch the mode, is for the press to pass over in silence theatrical descriptions of the events. More interesting is the account of a poor man who lost his affectionate wife, and by an Ovidian metamorphosis, believed himself changed into a weeping willow. He went about the streets with a flower-pot on his head, announcing his transformation. 'Tis j a mad world my masters. Music is said to be the most democratic of arts, hence, why first and second fiddles, flute-players, and performers on wind in struments in general assemble in a certain fcy-streetj like laundry maids, woolcarders, and bakers, to be hired by the night, or day, or both. The owner of a wine shop registers the offers and demands. A fair fiddler can be induced to rosin his bow for an evening for three francs, but a rising Paganini would demand fifteen. Among the minor afflictions which France experiences is that of her children of both sexes having now to return to school after their long vacation. I do not know how the girls are appeased, but the boys seem to fret in proportion to the tips they re ceive. A five-franc piece has lost its power to assuage this grief. The students have no reason " to rest and be thankful" to wards the present Government, which con templates abolishing all the healthy scho lastic.reforms, introduced and contemplated by the Ministry of Thiers, for diminishing the hours of study, increasing those for re creation, improving the .daily bread, and | multiplying recompenses. It is said youth commences to be B idical. How could any person expect young France to give the faintest vita for Henri V. when he is associated with the return to their ancicn regime? The practice of requiring colle gians to sketch a constitution for France, as the subject of a prize essay, is to be discontinued. It is found the practice remains with them through life, and, in addition, the Eecord office is full of drafts of model constitutions. We are to have, when the exhibition of very interesting Oriental curiosities closes, a show of all the articles connected with babydom.sueh as cradles and perambulators, feeding-bottles and feet-jars, lollypops and toys, squills and night-lights,: soothing syrups and clothing. Literature will not be neglected, from A.B.C.':; up to Cindere'Ia, Jack in the Bean Stalk, and kindred in fantile classics, will find a local habitation. Deputies are reported to be rehearsing their intended speeches for the forthcoming Assembly, with their wives for an andience. It is hinted that not a few of the repre sentatives will arrive in the Chamber with' two or three discourses, to suit circum stances, as thoughtful patriots acted during the Seign of Terror. We take the following from the Home News, European Mail, arid other papers:— MOUNT AND MORKIS. The following, by Sir Slichie, Agent General for Victoria, to the Times, explains itself :—" It is not surprising that yon should feel astonishment, which, doubtless, yon share in. common with, most of yonr readers, at the apparently inexplicable recent action of the Supreme Conrt of Vic toria, in reference to the * Carl Kidnappers.' That these men should, under the flagrant circumstances of their case, have been dis charged, as the telegram to which you refer informs us, * on a writ of habeas \ corpus on the ground of their being kept illegally in custody, there being no j authority from the Secretary of .State | for their detention,' seems at first sight to be so gross and revolting a failure of justice that you may well say * that the public at home will assuredly demand an explanation of what has happened, and will not rest satisfied until they have got it.' To one passage, however, of your article, I must be permitted to take exception, It is that in which yon say. ' We do not know what may really be the sentiments with which'such things are regarded by Austra lian statesmen,' a passage which, taken with the context, leaves to your readers to infer that Australian statesmen may be not only indifferent to, but may actually ap prove, the lamentable decision which is the subject of our censure. As I have had many years' experience of the. public men of most of the Australian Colonies—more especially of those of Victoria—I can un hesitatingly affirm that they have as strong and sincere a horror of these kidnapping atrocities as you yourself cau feel, and that they have never lost an opportunity of bringing those concerned in them to justice; and therefore it is that I do not feel it necessary to apologize for asking so much of your valuable space as may enable me to offer, by means of snch materials as I have at hand, the explanation which you consider so necessary for the satisfaction of the public. In the first place, it may be confidently submitted, even on the limited information before ns, that the Victorian Government are free from blame in the matter. The discharge of the prisoners. we are told, was under a 'habeas corpus, a judicial and not an administrative proceeds ing, and therefore one with which neither Government nor Minister could have any right to interfere, save by resisting on legal grounds the application for the dis charge. That such resistance was made I have no donbt, as in future intelligence we shall probably learn, and if the re sistance was unavailable they cannot be accountable for that, any more than they could have been justified had they continued to detain the prisoners after the highest judicial authority of the country had declared snch detention nniaw fuL The only question, however, which seems to perplex your readers is ' how came it abont that these men were discharged at all ?* The answer can only be made intel ligible by going a little further into: the case. The prisoners having been appre hended in Melbourne, were indicted, and .tried for murder committed on the high seas, and ontside the ordinary jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. It, therefore, be came necessary to proceed against them under the Act of the Imperial Parliament, the 12th and 13th of Victoria, chap. 96, which alone gave the Court jurisdiction, and in the prosecution under this Act the prisoners were found guilty of 'man slaughter j and sentence haying'been deferred to enable the Court to i con sider. certain arguments of the prisoners' counsel hearing, on the question of the measure of pnnishment which conld be in flicted,on the prisoners, they were filially' adjudged ■ to be kept to penal servitude for 15 years.' "With the arguments of counsel urging that it was not competent to the Court to pronounce such a sentence, or with the conclusive answer of the Court to snch arguments, I need not trouble either you or your readers. Both arguments and judg ments turned on the construction to be put on certain Acts of Parliament, which had modified Ihe pnnishment applicable to manslaughter at the time' of the passing of the Act nnder which the prisoners were prosecuted;.and it is suffi cient, to say here, that after the fullest con sideration the Court found their way to the sentence which they finally pronounced. At the close of this judgment, however, we find an obiter dictum—it scarcely reads as part of the judgment—to the following effect: .—* The execution of the sentence wonld seem to be a matter of Imperial. duty, as the place in which the prisoners are to be confined depends on the direction of one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State-' For this dictum is cited the 16th and 17th of Victoria, cha£>. 99. section (>, and it is evidently the foundation on which the Habeas was afterwards obtained, and under which the prisoners were discharged as being in unlawful custody by reason of the Secretary of State not having done what the Court seemed to have deemed necessary. That the intervention of the Secretary of State has never been invoked by the Melbourne authorities I have every reason to believe ; and that for the simple reason that the Law Officers of the Vic torian Government, not concurring opinion on this' point with the Court, deemed such intervention unnecessary to justify the continued detention of the prisoners. That the dictum of the Conrt received the best and fullest consi deration at the handa of the law officers I' have not the slightest doubt; nor that they considered that, under all the circum stances of a most difficult and perplexing case, they were pursuing the best course in interests of justice. Howsoever this may be, we shall soon have much fuller informa tion on this point. Tour Melbourne tele gram of September 19,in your last issue, tells us that' the release of the Carl kid nappers has cansed a great sensation, and that a motion censuring the action of the Governmeut in the matter has been tabled by the Legislative Assembly.' Knowing as we all do the 'fierce light which beats' from Opposition benches on every Ministry, we may be sure that all which can be urged against them on this occasion they will be called upon to answer, and, pending the result, I would only request your readers to suspend their judgment on the case. That the Ministry may have fallen into some error of omission or commission is, of course, possible enough, even after con sulting their law officers; for no law officers are infallible; but, certainly, no one ac« quainted with the men will suspect any of them of undue sympathy with kidnappers or kidnapping. The present Attorney General of Victoria, more especially as the son of Sir George Stephen and the nephew of the late Sir James Stephen, may he said, independent'of his high personal character, almost to inherit a wholesome and hearty detestation of slavery in every form, and it is absolutely certain that no one will feel more than he pain and ohagrin at the deplorable and impotent conclusion of his prosecution." 