MEN AND WOMEN. [From the Pall Mall Gazette.] Observation goes to force upon us the un welcome conclusion that the pretended fond ness of the two sexes for one another is ths great fundamental hypocrisy of the race. It would be unfair to dwell too much on the circumstance that they make one another uncomfortable in a way that men never make men nor women make women. Taking that fact by itself this might be a mere re sult of their being different. But a review of the whole case tends to establish a general incompatibility between the two. Things will have to ' alter very much if man and women are ever to get along well together The pretence that they are dying of sheer liking for one another is not only not prove — it is disproved.' Not merely is that kin of morality wholly absent from the return ' but after all these centuries' the two sexes greatly keep aloof from one another. Where ever you can get a glimpse of their true ten dencies, it comes out clearly enough tha men and women are domestic creatures under compulsion. Their real wish is for parti cohabitation. All kinds of social contri vances have been tried, the real purport which, no matter how it may be disguised is to separate the sexes, and so secure fo each the pleasure of being only in its own society. There is no sacrifice men will n -. { make to get their luxury. They will suppo ! the costliest clubs, tbey will smoke, thi will pretend any sort of recreation from cards down to billiards, sooner, than not i apart from women for a portion of the time. The like thing holds of the ladies their own way. The inability of the men stay at home allows their wives to assemb mutual clubs in their own drawing-room and they do so. For one club the men have the women have hundreds— just as many . there are houses. It is all very well to decry this disuion but of what use is that if it arises out of t incurable antipathy ? The truth is, the tastes of the sexes radically differ. At home feminine likings prevail, and there is : man who is not more or less aware that t minor arrangements and the wonderful a ! . to him superfluous filagree-like ornament tion of his house are not for him, nor for I sex, but for the other. Just as little cam be doubted that men and women dress ea for their own Sex; that it is the admirati of their own kind, not of the opposite oi they lay themselves most out for. Men a women are in a perpetual condition of si prise, and scoff at each other's, style, be always self-complacent, and altogether om ting criticism of their own. The dress the sexes utterly fails of the captivation one another. The fashionable doings of t one are mysteries to the other; for nit tenths of the time their attire is an offei to one another. Mutual critioism on t point has not the slightest recognition, i do the modes affect each other save in ( most rudimentary way. Each take tb own course. It is not for the young lad that the young men put on their wonder neckties, their sleek fur, collars, their tonishing jewellery, any more than it is the male dandies the young women a thinking and hesitating :so long over ? pattern of a lace or the tint of a parai fen never notioe the pattern of tbe la they pay little heed to an umbrella, unles is one a man is carrying. - Both have their eye those who can understand th best— their own sex. Conversation ©que betrays this natural opposition. If tbe se had real respect for one another, would t) indulge in those unbelievable complimen Neither does it to those of their own k whom they honestly like. The artifi style of talk which is the traditionary cub! of the sexes is plainly that of oreatures i do not understand eaoh other and h mutual suspicions. Being strange, they take themselves to compliments. A qualification in reference to the fan relation has to be made. To a man | mother is not a woman— she is a divinity ; like partly holds in a girl of her father ; ? brothers and sisters are not of any sex. ] get outside this non-sexual cirde,'and antipathy quickly comes into play. B nearly hate girls, and the feeling is turned ; old men care nothing for women any age, except as nurses ; old women or together. It is only during . the central j tion of life that the sexes oan bs said to dvil to one another. In faot, if nature I not forced men and women to love eaoh ot during that portion willy-nilly, and f them that inoredible and perplexing brib ohildren, it is doubtful whether they wo have any mutual liking. Love is all I exists between them. The soore other f lings of understanding sympathy, of ap) oiative respeot, of rational wt men have for men and women for won neither sex has for the othsr. It is as- ishing, considering what a complete, is cate, long association the bringing nj family ties a oouple to, that they do not come more really intimate than they do s in the best cases. Doubt may well be felt t there are few husbands and wivss who spite of all the trials they have shared, b not at the bottom of their hearts a sens- grievance one against the other. At le it may fairly be said that if there were joint conoern of another kind whioh 1 two women partners of fortane under s mutual responsibilities for as long a per they would develop more warmth of foe on eaoh side. It is all very aad ; but it eannot be bel] The sexes are a partial future, and so how has arisen an enormous exaggeratio their liking for one another. Looked calmly, the interest whioh eaoh has for othsr is wofully laoking in versatility ; i alike monotonous and small— mere lovt foot. We oan but hope that, as gsnerat snooeed, this natural incompatibility betw men and women may abate, and that ( may assimilate a little in their tates. TTnmtrnT.it OfiUKLTY OF Mr. Frank Bnokland publishes in the Ti some interesting faots with regard toi fishing. Some time ago he met at P« head Captain David Gray, oommam officer of the sorew-steamer nini or ths prindpal vessels whicb aail anno from Sootland in pursuit of whales seals. These vessels leave Dundee Peterhead about the let of March; i make the ioe about 72deg. or 73deg. n- in the neighbourhood of the island of i Mayan, a volcanic mountain rising thousand feet above the level of the The yonng eeals and mothers are founc the pack ice near this island. The seal like flocks of sheep upon the ioe; bnt e year they are observedly getting less less in number. Captain Gray writai Mr. Baokland as follows, in explanatio this:— 'On the eeals being reaohed, | men are sent over the ioe, die barpoo armed with riflee, the. other men with i i oluba, knife, and steel; also a rope to - { the skins to the ehip. And now a wot brutal murder and cruelty goes on, one to make the hardest-hearted turn away / loathing and disgust. Thsharpoonerobb |j| a place where a number of yonog aeale J lying, knowing wdl that -the. notbaa! soon main their appearance to sea. If young are saf^ and. aie then ahotwjti mstpy. Tina aoct of vodc gm va A not 09 muoh ftpm the number of old ones Mlied_ (aUtotieh too many of themareelain atfhis season, forty thousand . being killed last jrear tn March) asftyntfaiose wounded and scared away. It is horrible to see the yonng. ones tiying to aiiok the oaroasses of ; mothers, their e yes etarting out of the sockets, looking thp-eiy piotare of famine. '? Thejcrawl brer and- orfir Chem until quite red with blood, poking them with, their iiOses.tib doubt pondering ,-wlijr they arp n'6t Jfettitig ^heiir'tiBual feed, uttering painfal i dries the irliile. 1 'Thenoispis something 7 dr^idful. If one oould imagine himself ' anririknded 47 four br fire hundred thousand hum^n'babtbji all crying at the pUch of their1 Yoicpsj ' hi) ' would have some idep of ' it. ' Their 'ciy is.vwiy like' an' infapt'e. . The motherless sebla'colle6t info lots of five or Btx, and crawl about the ioe, their headq fast becoming the 'biggest part of, their bodieB, Bekrohing to.find the nourishmenjt they stand so intah In need of. : 'Thefeinales are vjary: affe-5ti6nate towards their 'young.rt , ^fr. DVank Bueuand thinks an effort &onld; be \ ma3eJal onefeto '.put' ata end. to this horrible anclmirieeesBary ^cruelty. Ail that is re \- quired .is an international agreement1 of i ? treaty among the seeding vessels, which are about . tKirfy-fiix in number— twenty from 1 Sootland,' ' fifteen or twenty from Norway, : and two from 'Germany— that an annual i close 'time should ba given to the seals, and that they should not be killed before the 1 6th April, instead of the 20th of March, in 1 each year, as these seventeen days would ' make all the difference between their future I multiplication and the present extermination 1 which now threatens. I Craious Stoey op a Pony and a Oat.— - A friendof mine told me a story a little i while ago which interested pie so much that; 1 I Want to tell it to all my little friends. This 1 gentleman. owned a fine horse, which was j Very fond of him,' and would oome from the i pasture at the Bound of his'voice, and follow 1 him ahout'like a dog. Well, at one time the I horse becaibe lame and was obliged to stay c in his stable and not tie used for many 1 weeks, and it was during this time that Mr. t 0\. bfscame interested to see how much the 1 horse knew, and how kind his sympathies t were. Ap old cat had made her nest upon 1 the scaffold just above the house's, mangef, t and -had laia there her family of five kittens, 'e io. bring them up under good tuition , I su p- \ pose. €he and the hone got on nioely. for' c aome days. She jumped down into his t tnanger' arfd went off for food', and then' t cahib J-a6k ' atald leaped up to her kittens'; l again/'. Bat onebdorning.she rolled off into' t the manger/with her foot bleeding, and badly 1 hurt, so tjjat sfce'eould scarcely crawl 'but e she. managed to leap away on three feet and b get herlbredfcfasl; but when she came back s Bhe was Entirely unable to gd;' up to her v kittens, .and what do you think Bhe did? t She lay down at the horse's feet, and mewed n and looked, up several times, till at last pony, t seeming to understand her wants, reached fa down, took .the cat in . his teeth, and tossed a her up on the scaffold to her kittens, who, I f doubt not, were glad enough to see her. 0 This, Mr. O. told xne, he'saw repeated morn- b ing after morning. ' Kit would roll off into n the manger, go and get her breakfast, come t back, and be tossed up to ber family by the kind horse, who must hove understood cat 1 language and been willing to listen to it. e The Homicidal Tendency in America. — g Cher& are . places which are as yet only c tping the propriety which has become a ft natter of httbit and principle elsewhere. So b ong as ali goes smoothly, their demeanour ti s irreproachable. Tbe judge, although he 0 nay Bmoke, expectorate, and whistle, ad- a ninisters 'justice with cr&dftabie; judicial oi spraiity. ' . .The barristers discharge their C (Utieb '*Hth tolerable decorum. On a sudden n hen is av hitch in thehatmony of the pro-' tl jeedinge-, This opposite oonnsel give each] ti tth'er -the lie, and ,Baoh produces a ppoket- 1 lietol from his brief-bag. Tbe judge si Irdws hirown and interposes, andthpre is a 'k\ refei' fight ;in 'court. . Next 4ay tbe local' ci btfrnhls 'duly Te^tort the course of the suit; b rith'the fr^eat' comments, ' and shouldthe -» udge /he,ve estiajped scathbless, h'e has pro- ft lably to1 settle b difficulty with an editor by y MetfTofi battle inthe street, judicial. epi- d bdes of tins Sort are ; constantly being re- fii ortpd in 'tbe American journals. Indeed, tc ttme of the'rtorier quoted in this very com- b iunication from Obioago are most telling, w $ ' indicating incidentally the existence of P tanntife arid 'customer' that' are th6 bane- of m -cial security in the Union. At; Chicago a b: ibid4ervirat Was bcoidentally jBU'ed in a tc pktdinjg-hbuse. 1$ seems that tore had h Bed fi'sfiufflS'befwjBen fsome of the boarders,* hi fad'A pistbl Which one of them carried had hi dnii ^ff 'by chance. '? Think of ^the' iutilates ai f k bbardhi^ieelablishnient in Liwpool' hi oing armed in that fashion ! ' In Indlab^ a' Be idgebhdtW editor for a slanderous article, hi be editor had fully 'expected the attack, 4ud m was plain that he' was 'not assassinated tc lthput warning, for a couple of revolvers fii ere foiind inpbn hSs person, and moreover rw fe wbre fc cd^t of;mml. Ont of the Tower' hi rm6i^'«n Bbgliehman wbuld find it hard al 1 prbVide h.im«elf with a cbatof mail at a ai Atttent's notice. Iu ' Tennessee an inu septJr shot a customer who' criticised the II reakf&t; tlftt was derVed ont foi' hita. Iu w oral J^pssa'chiiseUs a. gentleman fired, seveu tc ibt»''b1t' ^''cbnple ctf ladies', ,'btfingj moved' oi 'ffreto By jealousy. : Thi truth is, 'that; eo ni bg' as certain 'flistricts' are' utterly law-' gi Be, the law^'will commonly be disregarded 11 ;:bthert.': .^.Bo nong ftfe it is the fashion ' to w ^fl^amVb^ver a large' portion of ,fhe si Vtfi'ipf ttofcp great -ejpU'Mic, papdopate men' a ill'uWthem on litne or no :broir6bation. — ol itb*HiiJrt4tiyie,w. , 1 ' li 'SHtibOT'i — featley is the chief seat pf the' 'ni ^ndfBcture of djoddy. . 'This is thb famous w ^' c^^i^il,. the 't[ftter meltrnpdlis #hither £ xiry1!bbggar in Europe eebdV bis cast-off ai mtiMtyof mothieaten' coatp; frtwsy jackets,' lh ? I ,; offensive fcbttbn, and bid' st btfited'ritopkfnj^s j'thib is their destitation.' w «dticed . ttt 'filament and greasy ptalp by cc \- i&bty; bWfti'irlrBvbJriug tbdthed cylinders, 41 Srt»chsv«e.d 5 fabrics rd^onter life in; tbe Ii ttfet 'WfHRhnt' fbribi,' fr%'m the solid pilot at 3th tb'tbb iilky 'tnbhEir aud gl&teiesttweed.;' la SuS %he,1'',tail-coat rejected by lthe lrish' 9 (atiattt,:?the '' gaberdine tt-0 fotil ftjr the ci ^ ^Wh 'Jfeggaf. ^re tumel again to Bhiny' bi j iW^r«-irbJ- ea»1bg, it-mjliy be, in the lustrous ' ii i Bitotri6f 'ttiB_S^ftiiig dimiyi'the Idelicate 'lti ' 1 lifag^lhiMt 'of thjs BelgraTiin' belle. or the ' D 1 hwbMfeSBOT^8cience' h i rffObartttrtoVbf'PrJi;' Siibmonds. ? w \ BetiMOUttAs 6ri»bii2A5|riendhaa kindly r bi ! S iflTthb1 fbllb^ng'kmr^lahi, wUchlie ' n ]T WOW* J? jl 00 to ;«K siai . iatSiif iAj.'i testify to the truUi of the old adage, ' trutl U BtH^ger ^an fiction.' Someimere abou fialf a'cenhiry ago there lived at a Tillage, lying tnidway betwixt the towns of Skiptoi ^id Efiighley, ia Graven, Yorkshire, 1 buxom young woman, whom we will feal Eljen. A young inau who lived at no greal diBtanoe.'and whom we shall call Tom, cam- a wooing. He was accepted, and tbej married 6n a certain fixed day.r' He had provided a mciely-fiirnuhed and comfortable bome. The day after the wedding he dis appeared, and nothing was beard ofmAfoii a 'day or two. - But on the eecond Or third dAy* she received a lettbr Btating'thjit he had enlisted into 'the atmjr, and' roit dip must sell bb; *and; join hitn at a certain seaport! Shb did bo; but t6 hei'^ disibaj» -hea 4he anlired ^theire he. bad Bailed ^ith' his regi mbnt for Tu'dta. : 8he'theti'bamb' back Voble and worked as 'a babdloorii-weaver Ifor afewyedirs. until' Bhe 'had got alitttemonJey. Some time after this, without saVing aby thing to' herfriends, she tbok'shipping for India. Oij: ber aiTival ' at thb plabe where her husband Was . statiob'ed, ^'as her last shillinjp; was gbing or gone) ihe inquired {for hidl. ; He was sebt for, aud cable in abbom pabied by a iadjr (colburedj'whoiii tie ibtro ddbbd ad his wife, and gave her much abuse for following'him. She tben'tequeated him to pay her fare back to England, whioh he refused to do. She then begged her way, and by some means got' back to England. A few years rolled over, when news came that her husband was dead. A young man, or at least comparatively bo, about that time began to visit her, and she being as she thought a widow, aocepted the young man, and tbey were married. Time fled, and she bad by husband No. 2 five tir six children, when, at length, her first husband arrived in a Lancashire town, near to Yorkshire, Etnd brought with him his Indian wife (she vras pretty rioh). They started a large place of business, and did well for a while ; but England did not agree with an Indian lady ; neither did she agree so well with ber English husband. So they agreed to equally livide the property and separate, and she pould go back to India. 'She got to the leaport only, where she died her husband irae communicated with ; he went and saw ler respectably interred, then came back to lis L'ancaeihire home. ' And now he began o think of his first love, whom' he had so ihamefully neglected.' He -oame to the rillage where she resided, and by - some 10'ntrivance br other got to see her, and by beans of threats of imprisonment and' what j lot, persuaded her -to 4esett her 'bebond jusband and elope with him. She did so,' aking with her her youngest child, which insband No. 1 brought up respectably. He lent 'a letter to huebabd No. 2, saying that 0 long as he lived both he and the children hould be free from want, a promise whioh cas faithfully kept. Now all the aotors in his drama have gone where their is neither aarriage nor giving in marriage. One of hem I distinctly remember — Ellen's second tusband ; and I now know Ellen's children, it least those who are living. Tbe above acts were related to me by a near relation if Ellen's (the heroine of the pieoe), and I telieve are correct in every particular, if my aemory has dealt honestly with me. — Pree- on Advertiser. Wimbledon Fabquhauson Out-done. — -he Modoc Indians seem to be good rifle hots, to judge by the following acoount, ;iven by a correspondent of the San Fran isco Chronicle of the exploits of ' Scar aced Charley,' described as one of the iravest and most dangerous Indians of .the ribe,' and apparently the right-hand man f Captain Jtusk, the hbad of the tribe gainst whioh an active war is now being arried oh bid the borders of Oregon and Jalifornia. ' The only way,' bays the rriter, ' to dislbdge these Indians is to fight iiem ten to 5n6, and go into the battle with lie expectation of losing a number of men. 'hat oaChot be well avoided. ' Jack has ime warriors who; are - desperate fighters, nd are' the'best shots in this section ~of the iuntry. Old Soar-faced Charley is said to 6 ;eqb{tl tb'. aby fifty men himBelf.' His rbnderfal exploit at the fight oil Lost' Sivpr ill^ jprbves this. jfftitB than fifty diott '6re;fired at _ him as he retreated ; . but he id not even get a scratch. When the firing rst began the fodr soldiers who wdre trying \- disarm him fired at him at 'twenty paces ; ui not one of them hit him. The old 'arriqr fired,- and at the -.first -shot killed ; 'rivate Thomas Harris ; then beginning the io6t astonishing Beries of Indian somer iiilts tind acrobatio feats, he retreated )wfirds the Water, at the.same time loading is gub'. ' ; V olldy after volley were' fired fifter itai ; but so quick and lightomgJike were is gyrations that Ucrt a 'sbldiet could 'get scurate aim. , Every oiice in a 'while,' when e' gbt hirf giln loa'ded, be would tiirb a back )inerskblt aUd 'shoot from ubder his leg. td 6 turned,' abd' strabge to say ' he never listfed. Althbugh'he had nearly fifty yards \- 'retreat before he teached the water he' red four times, killing one . mau and' bunding three. Beaching 'the'rlvef-bank e plunged ia and B wabi to the other aide ; od though the bullets flew after hlm thiok ad fast he never received a sbratch. : ' ' Railways. — Ob the last day of the year; 370 there, were 15,5374- miles of bpbn' rail-' ay in the Tltited Kingdbm, whidh in a )tal of 120,769 sqb&re; miles;, wbuld tive ae mile of frail way ' fo^ 7'77 i^iiare^ tnTles,' od, oier a popul&tibb; bf Si,Sl7,l»8i! Wbbld ive one mile of railway fbr i048' pbppW' k India up to' Deoeniber 3l, . 1S71.,' tb'ere'1 ere 5083 mil^s ot open' railway,' wh'ibh, )rebd Oyer a tblal area 'of l;,5hS^2 eq&are; . wbuld give one tnile'pf 'line' fdr *505^ r 'country, and, over1 a ^qpulaticm/of 94, 'wd-ild 'give a proportSbb of ' bne' iiW bf 'iftlilWay tb 37,989 bf '-pdo jBb. ' Jtilil-' ays -lb the United' 3f in{$dib ^faavb; bb»C 34,'pB p^ 'ttflej industve'bf jftblinrfnstiy nd 'parlikbientary expffnse's; purihase''of ind,u bob'structibn , of wcrrks, and ' rbHrngl nek. In Iadiaj the total 'cbst'tff thel'tait aya has hvoraged £15,902 per jaile. The -stof working in the United ?fctngdoni' ia 3-16 percent, pn the gross receipts, and in' adia, 52*67 per oent. ; . the ' difference being; ^counted for by enhancedr bo&t; of ekilled' tbbur.bbd materials. ' * * i'/~ * Curious' Story of French Soeceey. — A: irions case bf torcery bas bbeb brought' 0fo*e the court of aadizes 'of. Evtenx.' The ictim; M. Lamy, related * hiB'iitbry as fol iWb May I was W the market at ^unviD^ when I ttet at the caf£ «hbi« I ixe my iemitasu ta man bamed ? Am&uty; bo is a powerfnl Mrberer. ' I 0ot|lt)lb^tled, F pains In the btonuefa'' and he tbld me:to »(ura 1 to Dtfmville nbxt ~wb6k. that Vironld then i&-rgj«tte j* 1 i. i.iva 7,r; i io-jia 01 erea iii7» ; -A 1 j with n»e. I returned, be ioformed me i t&ikt; my illness w^sbbbsed by a wicked ia , dividual, my enemy, but that he would l deliver me from him if I would give him 30 1 francs. I consented. Some time after I [ met him again and told him that I was no I better. He explained that the malady was ) more serious and my enemies more name ' roue than he had at first supposed ; and that 1 I must give' him 60 frame to be delivered 1 from them. He aatd that he belonged to a ' Bobiety established for -ihe purpose bf oharm ' ing awajr witohofaft, and that lie should have to go to-visit_the grand-master of ', the assooiatiob at Breteh'il. I. agreed to drive hita there in my sbrfng-cart. BatthegrftBd master was absebt that day, and Amaury made bie'sigt) a note' for 400 francs, be oatlse, said be, the ' difficulties .increased every day, my enemies beobming' more ' and inore spiteful and enraged against me. As Xfetni sttffered frdm my old. malady; and as he assured We that after his magical opera tions' the'witchorSft that wae ovec me would be dissolved, abd tbat my enemy would soon die in my place, I again consented to pay the 4t)0 francs. Some time passed without -my meeting ' Amaury again, and whether from a' natural cause or from the effects of hia witchcraft, ! suffered less from my pains ; but at thb end of three weeks they came on again,- and I began to suspect that I had been trifled with. I told Amaury so when I saw him ; he spoke of the grand-master, and of many supernatural things, and talked me over so well that I signed another bond for 700 francs. The sorcerer forbid me to mention what he had done, either to my wife or anyone else. A few days later 'Xmaury wanted again to go to Breteuil, and I drove him there in my car, hoping to per suade him as we went along to destroy the note for 700 franos, and to -let me off for that of 400 franos, as I found that I should not be able to pay at the time the second became due. At a short distance from the 1 town, Amaury showed me a paper, saying ' that it was my note of 400 francs, and tore 1 it into several pieces, but as I am very cuu- ' ning, I stopped the oar, pioked up the pieceB, and 'saw that it was not my -writing.- I had to pay it when it fell due, and as I etill had' ' the malady, I complained to the magistrate. '' Amaury the sorcerer has been sentenced to 1 two years' imprisonment. 1 Life in Limerick. — The Cork Examiner 1 supplies the -following picture -of life in ' Limerick 'Two oases of assault of a se- ' rious oharaoterj arising out of the insane 1 animosities . existing between some of the ' numerous 'factions in the neighborhood -of - New 'Pallas,' were tried at -the -Limerick, I quarter-sessions last week. Iu the firat a ? young fellow named MoGrath was the I prosecutor. On the night of the 13th De- j cember, after imbibing seven glasses of ' whiskey, two dandies -of punch, and his ' share in a. gallon and a half of porter, he I found himself- opposite the house of the ' Horans, who are his hereditary, enemies, i whereupon he shouted, ' here's a Mc Grath.' ' ?The challenge was promptly responded to ' by the Horans, four of whom, with a- friend ' named Connors, rushed out and belaboured c Mo Grath with their fists, with stones, and I with a stick, until he had five lacerated I wounds on his head, and became insensible. I Tbe second case was of a similar oharacter. I Walsh, the prosecutor, belonging to the fao- ' tion of the Cappamore Capulets, met some 1 of the Godfreys and their friends, repre- 1 senting the house of -Montague, on the road, - and knowing them to be enemies of his, he ' ttirned to look -after them, at which the God- f freys- took o'ffenoe and knocked him down 1 with a blow of a stone. Walsh states that ' the blow rendered him insensible, and when 1 | he regained consciousness he found his face ' battered, in and one of . hia teeth knocked ^ out, from which he infers that the .Godfrey ( faotion further indulged their wrath by ' | kicking him in the head as he lay on the ' ground. ? It is - really difficult to imagine 1 that the men who cherish these - senseless ( hatreds and give -way to such unmitigated ( brutalities are members of a civilised, com- ^ munity. Severe measures should -be - taken whenever, the opportunity arises -to; put a 1 etop to feuds and conflicts whioh are- simply 1 a - disgraoe to the country in which they i occur.' ? 1 A Bed Indian CouBTnra a Million- ^ aiee's Daughter. — On a reoent visit of the e Comanche chiefs -at Washington, a young 3 brave eaw a young - lady among those who I came to seeihe Indians- and- fell deeply in * love with her. So muoh was he struck that e he followed her to her home and hung I around there, greatly to the annoyanoe of t the family, who are among the most arieto- 1 bratic of the city. What added to the dia- 1 tress and mortincation'of the- relatives, the t young lady returned the love of the young 1 brave, and- signified her willingness to re-, t turn to the west-with him. The father, who t is a millionaire, and whose name is not men- i tioned, in his anxiety applied to the autho- t rities to make the Indian leave the city, but f there was no law to compel him to go, and [ he declared he would not go back without' ' the pale flower. Her brother offered him a 1 thousand dollars tb leave, but money' would 1 not cure the wound Cupid had made ; aud t the family as a last resort sent Her in a night' 1 train 'to 'New York, where she left the next 1 day(in a eteamer for Europe. This is no e romantio fiction, but a truthful story, bf tbe ( present day,. fTbet relativeelippe 'to cure the | daiighteVof her pencbant for the noble red - man before1 hep retnrn' to her home again.— 1 ,Nbw'!Sork Herald. ; : I A Dbai^i^b MiNiSTEE.— A minister in otfe c bf bur chuibhes, while-on feia way to p'reach . t a funeral eermon in the ooiintry,' called to 1 sed'-Aie;ofbit member^, an old twidbw lady, c if bo ' li ved near' the' road where he wais t trjiVellihg. J ]Th^ jpM; lady had juet . been i balpbg Baueege's, and bhe felt very proud of j theih—tbey.' ^re' so plump, . round, and eWbet. Of course ehe ipsisted bn her 'minis-, I tor taking 'some of -the . links 'home ' to his t family. . He .objected On acoount of hia, not I having bis portmanteau along with him. 1 The 'bbjection Was soon oVerrnled, -and the bid lady, bfte'r Wrapping them up ia a tag,. £ v^efully placed a bundle in the poiAet-of t the 'preacher|s capacious' great coat. Thus: 1 Quipped- he started fdr the funeral. ' While t attending the 'eolemb berempnie^ of : tire 1 gtave, Bome 'hungry dogs feented the eau- c Bages, and were not long.in tracking them 1 to Jthe pocket xf the good, inau'e overcoat.' 1 Of ooutoe thb was a great' abuoybnee, and t he BeVotal -tidieii tinder the'Uboessity df t kicking thb whelpiivay. ' The oUiebdieiof a 'ttlf 1 ^rtigition Irbpajgabd ^'^eiaili^,'wheteJft»e i mberal'dlsoob^e Wat S^pKiUbed!' After c tlwiihiibu W-aB finisbbd. the 'miaSster hatted t to : i .via tuzrij giiii Zuii wkT+'Tiiz ^ whem a brother, who wished to have an ap pointment given out, ascended the steps of the pulpit, and gave the minister's coat a hitch ^ to . get hia attention. The divine, thinking it a dog having designs upon his pocket, raised hia foot, gave a sudden kick, and sent the good brother sprawling down the eteps. ' You will excuse me, brethren and Bisters,' said the minister confusedly, and without' looking at the work he had just done, 'for I could not avoid it. I have sausages in my {rockets, and that dog has been trying, to grab them ever einoe he oame upon the premises.' A Haunted Sohoolhouse. —The Merri macit galley 'Visitor says In ; Newbnry port we -have a sohoolhouse that the sehbol committee have been forced to advertise' as cloeed to visitors, 'beoause ouriopa orotfds waited within and without, , to see - the mysteribuB form of a ghost boy, who 'has been trotting -around, there for more than 'a year, seen frequently by the teacher — Who is -iibt a spiritualist — and by most of tbe whole fifty pupils, who are -too young (primary rBoholars) to mystify and deoeive the people.- The echoolhouse is a -oae-etirf building- that would be the last plaoe ?in town' for a spirit . from any happy abode to wish tolenew its childhood iu. There is fail entry to the building, where is a flight! of stairs -to the attic, and a window looking into the schoolroom. The teacher's desk brought her back to that window, where the pupils told - her a strange boy was playing his tricks, sometimes putting his head up to the glass and other times looking in. They described him, and when seen he has always been the same in dress and appearande. To verify statements, she ohanged her seat to faoe the - window, and by and by the faoe appeared — Jack' Frost upon the window pane. Not doubting but it was really a boy, she took her ruler, an emblem of her authority, and made for the entry, and there she found him standing quietly in the corner —one of the prettiest faoes she had ever seen, with a sweet smile on his beautiful lips and needing a kiss more than a blow. His body, dressed in neat white clothos, bore the appearance of one just past his first decade of years. His hair was almost white, a little tow head ; his faoe Was pale as death, and his eyes a sweet blue. His faoe was older than his years, and he had the appearanee of -wisdom beyond hie age. She advapoed to him, and 'then he dodged to the attic stairs. ' She followed— is now near _ enough to take hold of him— reached for him, but he is not there. He seemed to sink through the stairs, Bbd where she would ;ra«p his person her handstruok the floor. He was . gone. Now we have a veritable ghost'— What ' to be ? done? The jolioe thought they could capture him. they arrested a lad as the author of all thiB iommotion— the town through ; and he had lis choioe to eonfess or take his chance for he reform sohool. The boy partially con fessed ; but he was not punished, because lis teacher and all the pupils and bis parents inew that he was not the strange boy that ooked in at the window; and the faoe lontinued to re-appear when he was away. !?ext a carpenter was sent to nail up tbe passage to the attic, but if love laughs at ocks much more do ghosts. The little tow lead even made more noise than before. Se turned the attic into a carpenter's shop, ffhere he, too, sawed and pounded and tailed ; and, as if to demonstrate the futility j )f human force to Bhut him ont, he put his { lead down through the ventilator and took t survey of the school: Some of the children lave been frightened, and one day one of :h.em fainted ; but few of them are excited ibout it. The teacher has Bpokento him, tnd he only laughed from his happy faoe. Phe children looked at him, whom not one -f them ever saw beforei and be returns heir glanoes with love in his soft, mild eyes ; jut .as yet he has not told us who he is, vhienoe he oame, .or what his mission. This tomes neatest to a - real ghost— a daylight fhost — of anything we have-had in this oity br years.---New York Times. Liability or 'Ettolibh' 'Landowners to [mposition.— The following letter, stating, presumably, a hypothetical case, appears n the Times. It bears to be from a L Defendant: — 'Sir, — When reading the fichbortie case I little thought that I should iver be a defendant in a trial of ejectment ; ret such is- now unfortunately the fact. The -laiotiff is a man I never saw or heard of intil last summer, when I was served with l writ of ejectment duly signed by a lawyer, taver having dreamt that my -possession of be property would be disputed, I was laturally surprised and annoyed. My a'wyers, to whom I sent the writ, replied hat it was a genuine document, and urged ae at once to take the necessary steps to es ablish .my possession by examining all my itle deeds 'pud other documents, aud retain ng counsel for my defence. The plaintiff, o the best bf my belief and that of my legal tdvisers, has no claim whatever to the pro -erty, and is merely trying to extort money rom me by way of compromise. In faot, he lis made this proposition, which, of course, ias been unheeded. I am informed that if he oase is brought into court I shall only lave ton- days' notice, and tbat then, unless ! appear to defend, the plaintiff will be iWo'rn . to bis oase, and judgment probably jiVen against me, without any power to ap -eal. ' N oMr, ' sir, to prevent this I am ibliged to have my defence prepared- — a nost coitly undertaking. The; claimant, -eiiig in'ifamble circnmstanoes, cannot pay iPBte if he loses. Parliament is'spon going o assemble^and lpgal reform is talked of sis le.ing ' a 'm&aahte; likely to bofne under, its lohsfderation. Cahhot something 6e done 0 prevent ' imitators becoming claimants, mil land proprietory being m.th'e ubehyiable )0^itionof— -A. Defendant;' DisCpVBHINb ApOSTL^S GllAVE8 IN — A remarkable ' discovery, to which be Pope referred in a receat speech, b&s; just ieen made at the- Batiliqa of the San ti- kpostoli,; in 'Eome. It is ' no other than rbat are paid tb'be the bones of the Apostles it. Fhilip and St. James the L.eBs, to, whom he Basilick' is eapeciaUy 'dedicated, and rhich -are said to -have Reposed there «inoe he fifth -century. It was not. known exactly rhbre ' they were laid— in fact a tradition' izisted io the 'effect that'.' they had been lidden where no one could' discover them. In' ancient MS. ho weybr was found a few bontha ego in the archivea'of the mbnastery, rbm 'which it, was' -ascertained that the'l lepulobre of the abpstles biiatod bebe'ath the ilgb bltair of the Btimlic&.; ' . Iti tiie donnci bf bp rertbratibbs nbW' 'going- To^W^d in the' h'brch,' ft his be^n .fonnd nb«j6(wiityJto take^ he.tdtar'&bWh;''m brdiir' tb 'jplaiie it some-' : J5th instant, ttiB lower portion wis retoovbd. ! and disolosed, immediately below tthe leyel , of the pavement, a large slab of Pavonaretto marble, or rather two slabs closely jointed j down the centre to form one panel or oover ing. In form it is nearly a square of mbout ! five feet, and is wrought into a- snnk panel of about half an inch in depth, bordered by a simple moulding, and having in die centre a large quadrilateral cross, the extremities 1 of which reach the eides of the paneL Ou this being lifted, a chamber-about eighteen inohes in depth was found, its aides lined with Pavonaeetto marble, and within it ithe remains of a. wooden boxor ooffin, seventy centimetres in length, containing the bobes and ashes of the two apostles; bnt with ithe exception of the lid, it was so much deoayed that its fragments and bones were mingled together. About four o'dook in the after noon the whole of these remains were care fully placed by the members of .the commis sion of sacred archaeology in a new oase for Safe custody, and on removing them it was seen that in the centre of the slab of marble which formed the bottom of this chamber, was a circular perforation of about six inches in diameter. The slab was accordingly lifted, and beneath it, corresponding with the perforation, a lower chamber about two feet square and eighteen inches deep, was fonnd. Like the 'upper, it is completely lined with Pavonazetto marble, within it fragments of human bones and ashes were found, and what seemed to be the remains of sponges impregnated with blood. A small silver box containing what also seemed to be sponge impregnated with blood, and a small glass vessel whioh is thought to have held blood, were found at the same time. These remains were also placed in a box, and both carefully sealed and deposited in the meantime in the reliquary of the Basilica. A Bia Pie-Shop. — One of the most recent novelties brought ont in America is des- , oribed as a gigantic pie bakery in New : York. The pies produced there are not j H-.U51 -u« OLJTIV ui mo urumury moat-pro — they are tarts ; and we cannot think very highly of their quality if we may aouept as true the description of a New York paper : — ' A compound, generally suggestive of dire misery to dyspeptios, composed of fruit and two crusts of paste.' This is oertainly not very flattering. ? With the view to the extensive supply of these tarts, four large Yankee firms have combined their resources, and have erected premises and machinery whioh turn out 50,000 pies daily ; although, if it be necessary, they are capable of turn ing out 15,000 per day more. The follow ing is stated to be the weekly consumption of material. in this wonderful pie-shop:— 140 barrels of flonr, 42,000 lbs. of sugar, 5000 lbs. of lard, 500 barrels of apples, 60,000 lbs. of pumpkins and squashes, 60,000 eggs, 500 bushels of berries in their season, 800 lbs. of beef for mince, 1500 lbs. of cocoa nut, 100 boxes of lemons, and spices accord ingly. They also have in constant use about 150,000 pie plates, and give employment to 100 workmen, running 35 waggons. We hope that these pie-makers will be merciful as to the ingredients they use ; they may do a deal of harm without knowing it. Alleged ' Atrocious Treatment of Fenian Convicts. — In the court of Queen's benoh on Thursday Mr. Matthew?, Q.C., and with him Mr. Bussell, Q.C., applied on behalf of Daniel Bedding, who was sen tenced to five years' imprisonment for par ticipation in tbe Fenian riots in Manchester iu 1867, for a rule for a criminal information against Dr. Burns and Dr. Wilson, medical officers of the Chatham and Millbank convict establishments, for assaulta alleged to have been committed npon him while under con finement. The learned counsel stated that the affidavits disolosed the most atrodous and systematic oourae of ill treatment, it being alleged that, although Bedding. Buf fered from paralysis during the whole period of .incarceration, he was suspected of mal ingering, and thus subjected to various mpdes of treatment, such as being: pulled around the exercise ground by -warders,, dragged from his bed in suoh a manner that his head fell upon the ground, prioked with hot needles, and burnt with hot irons. The court - granted a rule nisi, but strongly thought the application should have been made earlier, eo that the terrible accusa tions should not have remained hanging over the heads of the parties until the middle of April. Sharp Set. — When Charles Lamb visited the Lichfield Cathedral, his guide told .him that three men once dined upon the top of the steeple.— .«? Tbey . must have been very sharp setj' said Lamb. ?- ? Dobious.— What time is it, my dear ? ' asked a -wife of her husband, whom ahe sus pected of bdug drunk, but who was doing his best to look sober. 'Well, my dar ling, I can't toll, 'cause, yon see, there are two hands on my watch, and each points to a different figure, and I don't know which to believe;'' ,1 Given.— Bemus was asked how many oysters he oould eat. -r-' Any reasonable given number,' was his reply ; ' so. you may begin to order thenl.' . What people oan never live long nor wear greatcoats? — Dwarfs. 