THE EXHIBITION A WARDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Silver was much surprised by seeing a letter in your issue of the 15th signed "Jus titia," With your permission I willowlea vour to reilly. i I j It seems to me, in the first place, the endeavour is to injure me and my business. To begin, he said my piano is not entirely colonial manufacture. Well, the fact is not, I admit; but take it out, and, then it is, which is a very small item. The case is of, plain solid blackwood that I admit, and better suited to this climate than veneered. My scale is as perfect as can be, and the stringing is heavier than Mr. Kilner s pianos. The sounding-board is good, or it would not have produced such a tone. The action is of the good old English make, having been in use over 70 years, and there is none to beat, it. Broadwood, Collard, and most of the best makers use it up to the present time, and it is best suited for this climate. The woikiymiiBlup, he says, is had I deny it. It was well examined, by a clever work- man before chosen as the only piano to go to London. I have served four apprenticeships., three at Broadwood's and one elsewhere and have followed the business for upwards of 30 years, and this pianos is made entirely by myself, over the, polishing and tuning, Now a n our upon Mr. Kilner's pianos. I have no wish to um any man's goods down, If Rhodes might have posed (a term in the trade) his pianos as he has done mine, and then I might, have magnified many faults. But I see] ned such mean action. It seems to me the greatest Stress he puts on these pianos is the polish which is a very small, matter, 'He, says his scale is better than mine. I deny it. He says his strings are heavier. I deny, it also in fact they are not so heavy. He ghosts great reference to his French action. I cantello him they are not so well suited for this country; thoyaie'liablè'to get out of order, as they > are a great deal more complicated, and if site my knowledge they got in the back country andoutofiordci, and there is no person to set' the piano to rights it is left useless for months. He says Mr. Kilner sent pianos to Sydney and got purse. I was an exhibitor in the World's Fair, London, 1851 ; also took, la. o Hist prizes in Canada. And it appears he tries to make out Mr. Kilner's pianos are equal to El as d's. Pi posted one 1 And as for his getting a bronze medal for a non entered piano, it seems to me to be against the rules of the Exhibition. I must apologise for taking up so much of your space, but hoping he justice you will insert this, -I am, c, Emerald-hlll. W. MATHEWS, 