Sill ALFRED STEPHEN'S RETIREMENT. Os Friday week, Hi» Honor Sir Alfred Stephen delivered his valedictory address to* the Bench and Bar of the Supreme Court at Sydney in the following words : " It is not merely in compliance with a time-honoured oustom, but because of memories crowding thickly around me, and of feelings which I should in vain endeavour to . repress, that after more than thirty-four years of service on this Bench, sitting here for the last time, I address a few words of farewell to my colleagues and my brethren of the Bar ; as well as to the officers of my Court, and the other members of tho legal profession -from all of whom I have received during that long period so much attention and respect, and witu. wboin 1 have for the most Îart beau, ou suck happy terms of intimacy, took my seat as a Judge io thia Court, after having held office in Tasmania as Solicitor and Attorney-General for above twelve years, on the 7th day of May, 1839 ; and on tho 6th day of November, 1814, I was appointed Chief Justice. No one, therefore, who knows anything of the laborious nature, the anxieties, the sense of responsibility, of the Judicial office, will feel surprised that in my seventy-second year I seek the relief of comparative repose. Broken down by an accumulation of duties which in prudence ought not to have liecn undertaken, 1 was compelled in 1800 to ask I for a year's interval of absence ; but with that exception, and the relaxation of two short I trips to sister coloides, I hare known no cessa- tion of work-and those whom I address will bc an are, that it has not been of the lightest character. In May, 1839, its amount was naturally not overwhelming ; but the business of tlie Court, especially iu suits and civil pro- ceedings generally, has during the lost twenty years enormously increased. At the time of my arrival, the roll of hamsters in Sydney comprised twenty names only ; Mr. Went- worth's at its head. Mr. Hogs Donnelly's the last on the list. Oil the solicitors' roll, there were the names of no more than fifty-two. In 1SG3, the Bar-those iu actual practice, cxcludiug all bearing office-number forty four, while the solicitors bad increased to 13". Ia the present year, their numbers respectively are sixty-five and 243 ; of whom above 100 reside in Sydney-tho others, greatly to the advantage of the country, being spread over the vast districts of the ul- terior. It is painful for me to remember, that of thc small band of practitioners first men- tioned, four barristers and seven solicitors alone are now living. Of the judges with whom I originally sat, and those who next succeeded, none now remain in thc colony Ute greater number have gone to their last, rest. And of tho profession whom 1 address, tile far larger proportion hare entered it many of ita members have boon boru-since my accession to the office. Truly, it is time for me to retire, sud leave the field to younger men. Of my awn career, I have nnthiug to say ; it must bo judged nf by others. 1 ask no extenuation of my shortcomings ; I have no fear that anything will be sot down con- cerning me in malice. Hut I would beg those who may bc disposed to think lightly of thc judicial office, or its work, to bc assured of this ono thing-that nothing but evil to the couutry can result from deprecating cither. Ko object is or ought to bu of higher moment, of greater interest to any community, than the integrity, the independence, and the learning of thc Juilgcs nf thc land - and therefore thc preservation of their station from reproach, and their characters from unthinking comment or undeserved obloquy. Tho Bar should command scarcely inferior considerations ; for of them our Judges are made. I shall trespass on you-friends all-no more, lt would not bc possible for mc to bid you farewell without '¿¿pep emotion, but that I part from you only i¥ resume shortly nur pleasant intercourse, although in relatively changed positions. 1 may not speak of many long years, for nature denies thc expectation ; but, while 1 live, I «hall bear vividly in my memory thc kindly, I might almost say the brotherly feeling that has over existed between us, and 1 trust-as I am sure-that it will to the last continue," Tho Primary Judge, Mr. Justice Hargrave, on behalf of himself and Mr. Justice Checke and Mr. Justice Faucett, replied in suitable terms to tho address, and the Attorncy Ooneral spoke on behalf of the Bar. Thc speeches wore received with much cheering by tue large number of members of tho legal profession present, after which Sir Alfred Stephen bowed to thc Bar and took his leave of the Bench. On Sir Alfred's retirement, the S. M. Strali comments as follows : Our readers must have learned with emotion that the Chief ínstice retired yesterday from a position which he had occupied for nine and twenty years, _ Sir Alfred Stephen took his seat as Judge in our Supreme Court in 1S39, and: was appointed Chief Justice in 1844. We lieapd his last address as a member of thc Bar in Tasmania in a case of libel when he was on the eve of departure for this colony, having received from Sir George Gipps an appoint- ment as one of our Puisne Judges ; and with moro or less exactness-we have been obser- vant of his career from that date to this. If others have felt the interest of his prolonged avocation, and are sensible of thc import of its protracted continuance on thc prospects of traman life, none are moro conscious of it thau ourselves. The multifarious questions which have come before the Chief Justice have involved tho interests of a majority of his \- fellow-colonists, and the recollections of thc largest number now living connect the ad- ministration of law with the name of Sir Alfred Stephen. One of thc important tune tionsof an intelligent Judge is toscatterthrough lits official career invaluable legal principles, and to educate the people in the lessons of juris- prudence, which, whatever may be its detects, is the noblest exercise of mere human intelli- gence. IVbenoncethemere professional thrall is broken it forms the most eminent models of statesmanship, and the finest examples of Ëatriotism. England owes to her eminent iwyers her rational liberty. In moBt cases her principal statesmen have enjoyed a legal education. Sir Alfred Stephen has long sustained his office, and he may perhaps say that he hos seen the principle of law developed with greater perfection and applied with more consistency than many of his great prede- cessors. Múrate rights are more complicated and are liable to greater doubt until they are settled by new decisions ; but there are fundamental rights which no Judge now ques- tions, and which ara not likely to be brought into dispute until the spirit of disorder shall penetrate the foundations of society and sub- vert the grand idea of English jurisprudence, namely, that the individual >B greater than the multitude, and that the protection of «ociety is to be found only in the separateness of .thie individual and the safety of his smallest rights as against the world in arms. These principles aro becoming less dominant in a popular idea. They still remain sacred in the eyes of« British Judge. We »re reminded of the importance of that oartot the judicial function which Sir Alfred Stephen has so long exercised in which the Press is so essential an auxiliary. When Sergeant Maynard was presented after the Revolution to William TIL lie uttered a speech which arrested tue attention of history. When congratulated, on the continuance of his life as the senior * representative of the law, he answered that if the revolution had not come be would have been its survivor, that ho would have outlived the law itself. Its preservation required more than anything the constant inculcation of its principles. A Judge who understands what Ss law, and the reasons why it exists; not only trains the rising Bar, bnt qualifies thc pnbhc to judge of the pro- ceedings bf'on^ Courts, and to interpose an authoritative voice on any who may presume to exercise power with insolence, to defile official dignity With immorality, or to swerve from the strict line Of right by favour or affection. ' ? ' We íiave watched the career of Sir Alfred Stephen, and the signal for his disappearance awakens many anxieties for the future. Wo will, however, at Die present moment content ourselves with saying that die appointment of amiooessorto Sir Alfred Stephen is B most solemn task. By a chain of marvellous events the powers.to raake.that selection confers upon 'the present Ministry the disposal of the lives andfortunos.^ihe public «nd private interests, of a people who especially need to watch with jealous care the character of thc Bench, and thc selection of those who, 10,001) miles away from tba Seat of «overeiguity, are to heida discretion involving every interest of man. . A jmi'NKF.N Toledo man wrote on the wall .bf his -eel], "Jog not,' that ye be not jugged." A'RAILWAY HIGHWAYMAN.-A new pro- fession has been discovered in America namely, that of a "railway highwayman." No alight sensation has been caused in thc United States by an attack made on thc train ?of the-Chicago, Book Island, and Pacific Rail- road, oil the night of the 21st July. It seems that the train conveyed thc through Cali- fornian mail and express matter consisting of about -2000 dollars and tons of bullion. When about 66 miles west of Chicago, at au isolated spot on the line, with no house for several miles in any direction, the engineer, by name "afferty, saw one rail moved from its place -""""about 60 feet ahead of the engine. He instantly reversed the engine and applied the air-brake, when a shower of bntlets came j pelting rouud him like hail. The engine ran into the bank and turned over, Rafferty being killed on the spot. The train ran about 100 feet and stopped, when several large athletic -men, masked In full Kn-Klux style, appeared at the express car, and with horrible curses ] ordered the inmates to "get out." At thc same moment two bnllets passed through thc j clothes of thc conductor, and grazed the skull j -of the baggage man, and one the side of thc ' head of the express messenger. Two of the robbers then marched up and down tho train threatening to shoot any person who showed itheir leads out of the windows of the ' carriages, at the same time uttering awful im- precations. The robbers then took nearly 2000 dollars from the express safe, cut open thc mail sacks (but tonk no letters), and having completed their work mounted their horses, riding off across the prairie in a : southerly direction-the whole affair was over in about ten minutes. A reward of .5000 dollars baa been offered for the detection ?of these daring thieves, but it seems rory ?doubtful whether they will be captured. In thc train were thirty Chinese students, who must hare learned a striking lesson of American civilisation. A LOUISVILLE man has boen troubles by a visit from thc ghost of his first wife. He did not see thc ghost's face, hut he knows it must have been ker, because she marche 1 straight to thc pantry and went for tho wcdiliug-cakc thc perfidious mau had pre- pared for his second marriage. COL» DUINKS.-The Scinwe Circular says : -M. Mesluiis has made some startling experi inciitx on the application of cold to alcoholic drinks, fully illustrating how extremes meet. He provos that cold " bunts" as well ns heat, that a silver spoon with a temperature 30 degress (centigrade) below zero, applied to thc tongue, will scald, and a morsel of solidified carbonic acid, applied to thc skin, produces the samo effect aa red-hot iron. This prin- ciple has been applied to wine and spirits ; both have been congealed at 40 to 50 degress below zero, and were pronounced excellent -mellow, syrupy, and not too cold. At 60 degrees these new ices were pronounced cold, and at 70 degrees below zero they were very much so. A " nip " of such brandy, or a " slice " of rum so congealed, must be " eaten" out of wooden goblets or with wooden spoons, otherwise thc mouth would bc in reality "burned." The more water present in the alcoholic drinks thc greater will bc tho volume of the frozen mass, the water in that state being greater in bulk than tho spirit. Indeed M. Mclaeiis was able to remove the frozen water separately. Heat is employed to pre- serve light wines, and cold can be similarly applied m the case of thc exported wincB of France, Spain, Portugal, or Hungary. The time is, perhaps, still distant when we shall purchase rum, brandy, and wine by the pound rather than the gallon, and bring it home in a paper parcel in place of a bottle ; but industry will soon find out uses for thc novel appli- cation of known effects. 