TALES. AUNT JANET. (FROM THE ARGOSY.) CHAPTER I. It was a bright, beautiful September. The gorse and heather were brilliant on our Scottish hills. And we girls were in our glory tramping after our father and the boys on their shooting expedition, making our- selves useful in the carrying of provision- bags, and setting our impromptu repasts on the glorious hill-sides. It was the bravest time in the whole year to us girls, and that is saying a great deal, for we had many brave times. " A sonsio sot " the father used to call us, being rathor proud, I think, of his healthy, rosy-choeked dark-eyed daughters, and big, broad-shoul dered sons. .... « V There were eight of us in all, four of each sort. I am afraid there was no special talent in tho family, except tho talent of being happy ourselves and making others so. I may just remark, before passing on, that wo saw very little company, and hence, though the boys, through going out into the world, imagined to find wives as soon as they could keep them, wo girls, though aU grown up, had had no chance of "set. tling." 'An expression, by tho way, to which wo greatly objected, because our aunts, in writing to our mother,: invariably asked if sho had any good news for them. It was time the girls should.be " sottling in life." But on ono bright morning in that fair September, the postman's horn resounded at tho outer gate, and Johnny, tho youngster, a long-legged creature of twelve, camo strid, ingin with a fat envelope for tho mother- hearing tho English postmark. "Aunt Mary's writing, said mother, breakin" tho seal rather nervously. "Can anvthing bo the matter ? I never know hor write out of turn before, and I owe her a k But wo children, watching her face, were soon reassured, as a Bmilo broke over it, which gavo place, however, to a grave ex pression of regret. , " You read it out, father, and we 11 docido in full conclavo ; I don't wish it left to me. I soo Aunt Janet and Aunt Margaret have written as well, but theirs aro only supple mentary notes, supporting Aunt Mary.' Tho father theH read as follows, while wo went on dovouring our bread and marma- " Tho Grange, 20th Sept., 18 . "Mr Dear Niece Mary,— I am aware that in writing again so soon, without await ing your reply, I am offending against all precedent. But I trust you and mydoar ' nephew-in-law will forgive mo . when you hear the purport of this epistle. ' " Briefly then it is to invito ono of your daughters, my grand-nieces, to come and pay us a long visit at tha Grange, tho ohoioe being left to yourself. Although I would suggest Kate, she being the oldest, and it bcin" becoming that the eldest should be the first "to be settled, as wo know from Sacred Writ was tho custom in the East from very early times. " But I must explain mysolf more clearly . concerning this matter. " Briefly, then (a favorito phrase of Aunt Mary's, which sho inherited as a legacy, I fancy, from her father, good Dr. Macpher- son, a minister of tho Scotch Kirk, famous for bis discourses, and tho delusive hopes ho held out to tho contrary by the frepucnt use of tboso encouraging words), it has grieved me aud my sistere sorely from time to time hearing nothing but denials from you con cerning the settlement of our grand-nieces, and it has occurred to me, and been con curred in by your Aunts Janet and Mar garet, that we havo an opening hero for ono of them, which it would be culpable to neg lect, in the person of a most estimable young man who has recently been appointed vicar of our parish. "Inoednot add he is unexceptionable in every respect, or I would not recommend him. Moreover, he has confided to Bister Janet (between whom and himself there exists a strong friendship, Platonic, of coarse,) that he desires a help-meet. "Briefly then, my dear niece, will you confide your daughter Kate to our care ? We are in tho vale of years, as you well know, and we would gladly see ono of your children before we die. " With all due respoct to our nophew-in- Iaw, aud lovo to our grand-nophows and nieces, " Believe me, your affectionate Aunt, "Mary Susannah AIacpukkson." I think that last reason about tho "vale f years," carried the day. At all events, after much indignation on the part of us girls, and much chaffing from tho boys at tho idea of going for inspection thus, it was finally decided that I should accept the invitation. " You won't have a chance of seeing tho south every day, my dear," said tho mother; " and I think your aunts havo warm heartB under their stiff exteriors ; but don't you feel bound to marry anyone, whatever they say." "Oh, mother! sho'd never havo the face to come back unsettled," cried Ned. "It would bo as bad as a fellow being plucked." "I don't half'like your going, Kitty," said the dear father kindly. "Mako baste back again, my girl." And so, amid bugs and kisses on all sidos, I set off on my travels one drizzling October Monday morning, about a month after the receipt of Aunt Mary's letter. I had an es cort as far as York. But, oh dear ! tho long solitary journey after that, with the cola rain beating against the shut windows, misty with tho breath of many passengers, making the flat meadows through which we passed look dreariness itsolf ! I folt pathetically pitiful for the meelc-looking cows even, and thought I should like to spirit thorn away to cur hill-side pastures just for a treat, as peoplo take out city school children into the country, to lot thorn know there are green fields, and hedge-rows and fresh breezes in OifvivnrlH But I must hasten on, as our train did, leaving smoky Bristol behind us, and pulling and panting along westward' still, till at last wo stopped at a rather large station ; and, poking my hond out of the window, I heard a respectable- looking elderly woman, of short stature, inquiring of a porter for me. Then I was escorted by the said individual into a curious sort of antique coach which was in attendance. On tho box sat a still more antique-looking man, clad in a moth- eaten livery, which seemed to exhalo a musty odor into the foggy air. But worst of all was the horse ; the shaky stato of its legs, and the air of calm resignation with which it ,hung its head, were too trying to contem plate, as I hurried into the interior. I was left alono in my glary, the respect able fcmalo taking her place on tho box. This relieved my mind of one uncertainty; for I had not ventured on any remark to her," not knowing whether she might- be one of uiy aunts, and afraid of committing my- Ihe town through which we passed seemed a nice one, as far as I. could judge in tho drizzling twilight. The streets were wido, and there were gay. shop-windows just lighted up. But wo left all this behind us before we reached tho Grange, which lay without the town, on tho further side. At last wo came to a high iroa gate, passing through which wo pursued a straight road in a field, skirted oil ono side by a rather stagnant-looking stream, till wo . reached a little wooden bridge which spanned tho said stream. Here the domestic alighted, and asked me would I prefer driving round to the back entrance, or walking up through tho garden, l preferred the latter, ns tho rain had oeased. So wo passed through tho littlo green gato, ami across the bridge to a long and straight gravel road, bounded on' ono side by a gloomy row of sombre cypresses, and leading up to a low, castellated looking building, in front of which.it made a sweep. This, then, was the . Grange ! Tlus was the enchanted castle where I was to meet my fairy prince ? And these threo orcct old ladies, in stiff lilaclc brocade, standing in a formidable row on the top step to rccoivo We, were my great aunts. ."i e'er kindly welcome to tho Grange, mtee Ivatliei'ine," spoke Aunt Mary, in the peculiar .sing-song drawl of 'the ultra Scotch. "And bow may Mistiness Donald, yer mother, bo';" pursued Aunt Margaret, taking up Aunt Mary's tone in tbc same note, after, the manner of clergy ami choir in intoning. "An' it's hungry and tired ye'll bo by row," chimed in Aunt Janet. Ami auro enough I was so hungry that I fancy my healthy Highland appetite rather asi»iiis'ni-d my good aunt ; and so tired that J a' tuilly fall fast asleep cin ring A uut Mary' i on" sing-snug at family prayer, and dig.' graced' myself on this lirst evening of my arrival, by nearly falling off my chair with a noil, in tho awful presence of Tabitha tho ! L,. 1!'- ' 1 " ' respectable female, Timothy the antiquo serving-man,' and my three erect aunts I ' But tho soothing sing-song ceased at last, and Tabitha and Timothy retired, first making an obeisance in turn to the three ladies, who each returned the civility with a dignified bend. I began to be puzzled as to the form of greeting expected of me. But being humbled by my recent -disgrace I happily took the submissive line, and mado a profound curt- sey .to Aunt Maty, who thereupon extended her Bkinny hand graciously, and said: "I am truly rejoiced to find that Mistbross Donald,' my. niece, has brought up her off spring in a dacont manner, not in accord- anco With the unnatural familiarity of these degenerate days. And doubtless far travel ling hath an evil effect on tho eyelids." So I got off better than I could havo ex pected, and having curtseyed and touched the eold fingers of my two other aunts was conducted to my room by Tabitha, who pre ceded mo through the long resounding pas sage with a melancholy lighted dip. A curious old house it was ; I nover saw another like it. It was all on one floor, savo the kitchen departments, which wore under ground. True, you went up two or threo steps from tho hall to the long passage on which the bedrooms opened : but this only took off a little height from tho bedrooms, and gavo more to the kitchens ; it was still ono story. My room was at tho further end of this passage, and looked most ghostly by the light of that farthing dip. There was a ponderous fourvpost bedstead, with heavy snuff- colored curtains drawn close, giving it a funeral aspect ; similar curtains to the window, looking too heavy to bo ever with drawn to let in the sunlight ; and a massive dark oak wardrobe, filling ono sido of tho room, and large enough to nido away two or three burglars, which was the first idea that occurred to me. The remainder of tho furniture was of tho same sombre typo ; but I think, tired out as I was, I should have tumbled into bed and fallen asleep in spito of it, had not a most oppressive odor of mnstincss reminded me of Timothy on tho. coach-box, and mado tho idea of sleep impossible. Yes, I felt convinced, ns I.stole cautiously near the awful wadrobo, sniffing ns I wont, that Timothy was concealed within it. Doubtless ho was a cunning old rascal, who had observed my now gold chain and watch as I entered the coach, and had hidden hero with fell intent. It began to bo unbearable ; the moro I sniffed, the worst it was. I opened my bedroom door, but thore was nothing but silenco and blackness in the long passage, not oven tho friendly chirp of a cricket to reassure me. I would put a bold face on it, take the candle in my hand, and go bravely up, and inspect this awful wardrobe. Picture my horror when, hastily pulling back the heavy oak door, retreating as I did so, my terrified eyes alighted, aa I thought, on tho very object of their dread. There was tho dingy, moth-eaten coat erect, show ing tho tarnished buttons at the hack. I did not stay to look moro closely. Enough that his back was turned, and I might yet es cape. I flew from tho room, caudle in- hand and, slamming the door bohiqd mo, hold fast to tho handle, crying out, "Thieves! murder ! help " at tho pitch of my voice. f trs ' ' tho rescue camo old Timothy him- self. Euough to frighten anyone in tlicir sober senses, with his red night-cap pulled over his nose, and his withered old leg3 showing beneath his brown night-shirt. But to me he seomed an injured angel. "Oh! Timothy," I said impulsively, "I beg your pardon; I thought I saw you stand ing in the wardrobe, and that you meant to murder me! The old man grinned from ear to ear, looking more grotesque than ever, as he ULo" ' aMen 't ud bo tho bit of livery Of course it was. Hung up in tho spare wardrobe as n safe repository for bygouo splendor. I was heartily ashamed by this Jm.e- more so, as my aunts appeared at tlieir three several doors, candles in hand, shrouded in long flannel- dressing-gowns, whde Tabitha, my next neighbor on tho left, beng destitute of that genteel garment, ap peared at her door enveloped head and all AY J' tllinking it right that Timothy should see her in her night-cap, and yet unwilling to betray tho baldness of her poor old head. I had not the face to stay and answer the eager questionings, put in varying degrees of shrillness, but went baok, looking the door behind me, and, tearing aside the snuff- colored curtains, threw mysolf into bed, half laughing, half crying myself to sleep. But all night Timothy was grinning at mo from undor lus red night-cap, Tabitha was peering at mo from tho chink in her blanket, and my three aunts made mo dizzy by a per petual dance, hand-in-hand, liko the witches inMacbetli, round a steaming pot, from which exhaled an unsavory odor, compounded of English fog and Timothy's musty clothes. buck was tho unpropitious commencement of my journey in search of a husband. Chatter II. I am afraid it will bo impossible to convoy any idea -to you of my misery during my first few days at the Grange, unless indeed you have ever been in a like condition. But if you can picture to yourself what the con trast would bo to a healthy, vigorous, hi"h- spirited creature, such as I was, between the joyous, busy hilarity of our homo party aud tho entire freedom of our lives amon" our Scottish hills, with their invigorating breezes, to 'the formal, constrained, prosaic routine of my present life, and the damp, muggy atmosphere in which I found myself, I think you will pity me. Bet mo describe one day as a pattern of the rest. _ At eight o'clock precisely wo as sembled in tho sunless north-fropting parlor for prayers. These, conducted in Aunt Mary's sing-song, were quite another thing to the hearty family prayers of my dear old home. Then the morning- greetings were exchanged in almost the same words every day, varying a little as the season advanced and the weather was fine or the revorso ; as thus: — "Good morning t'ye, sister Mary; an' what think ye of the day ?" "The clouds are a bit low, sister Mar- garet, but I'm thinking they'll clear at noon, maybe." "Then ye'll no be disappointed of yer walk, niece Kate," would Bum up kind- hearted Aunt Janet, who was generally the ono to take note of me. And then, without another word, we would seat ourselves, and got through break fast with no further conversation than in quiries concerning the meal, such as, "Is the tay sweetenedto yer diking, sister Janet?" or "Is the porridge no to yer taste, niece Kate?" Breakfast ovor, Aunt Janet (the domestic sister) girded herself with an apron, and washed up the dainty china cups, while Aunt Mary disappeared in the regions below to arrange the unvarying order of the dinner ; and Aunt Margaret, the literary sister, sat bolt upright inher high-back chair, listening with folded hands- and shut eyes, while I, seated at her feet, read for one hour pre cisely, " Gibbon's Decline and Fall." Next camo an hour's divinity with Aunt Mary, in the shape of my great-grand father's sermons before alluded to, which would have been all' very well had I' road them myself ; but listening to her sing-song always gave me the fidgets, however good tho matter read might be. Then at twelve o clock we set out on our walk. But what a walk ! Oh dear, how I came to hate that long straight drive by tho sido of the stream ! Up and down, up and down, two aunts in front, I behind with the other, never any deviation. For one mortal hour every morning, excopt when absolutely raining, was this treadmill pursuit of health gone through with. At half-past ono came dinner, tho half hour preceding it being dedicated ' by the ladies" to dress. -This very homely stuff gowns of tho morning wore exchanged for tho black brocades, and. tho first hour after dinner devoted to sitting up in stato in the drawing-room to reeeivo the very rare visitors. Then I was free till tea- time, at half-post five ; ' after which came a game of piquet with Annt Margaret, in the gloaming, and then long wliist till supper, at nine ; then prayers, and to bed. Such was our routine. My 'only -free time was tho two hours in the afternoon ; But oven then, ns I was strictly forbidden to go off the premises alone, I was not in a much better plight. I could hut go and poko up tho pigs in tho farm-yard, or wander round the great field by the hedgerows, peering over them at the country-people jogging along in their carts on the road out side. , \- My aunts mado a rule never to walk into the town save on a Sunday, it being incon sistent with their dignity ; and it was only on extra important occasions that tho lum bering old vehicle and Timothy's musty livery was bad out. In my longing for a change I foolishly asked. to go with them on tho first of these groat shopping expeditions, but I never askeaagain. The stuffiness was something frightful. What with that, and tho fatigue of the endless bargainings over half-yards of silk, &o.;, in the various shops, I was quite worn out by the time , we got home, and had a good cry of weariness and vexation. Truly tho ragged urchins I had pitied were princos in good luck compared to mo ! So I thought. But there was one hope left mo. I had not seen my intended husband yet ; and, for lack of all other interest, I began to think a great deal -about him, and was thrown into quite a Uutter of spirits, on the Saturday after my arrival, by Aunt Mary's remark ing, as we separated to dress for' dinner, "Our gude minister, Misther John Ander son, will be our guest at dinner to-day, nicco Katherinc, so I hope ye'll be for decking yer- self in a modest and becoming attire." "Oh ! what shall I wear, Aunt Mary ? " I asked, eagorly, feeling my face flush. "Would my nowbluo silk bo too smart? " "Nay, nay, child," spoke Aunt Janet, hastily, " sic a llaunty dress wad ill becomo a donee minister's wife." "Hist, hist, sister Janet, what wad ye bo putting nonseiiBO the like o' that into the girl's head for ? Minister's wife, indeed I I wonder at ye, sister Janot, a counting yer chicken sae mucklo aforehand, and ne'er having tho sense to keep yer thoughts to ycrself. Yo might as wolf ho sixteen as sixty, to judge by tho slips o' yer tongue ! " So spoko Aunt Mary, in a whito heat of anger, snubbing poor impulsivo Aunt Janet in her very broadest Scotch.. I had nover heard any disagreement botween them be fore, and, feeling moved to tako up the cudgels for submissive Aunt Janot, who mado no attempt to dofond herself, I Baid quiotly, as I loft tho room, " I won't wear my blno silk as my aunt does not wish it ; but if you thiuk to keep things secret from me, I may as well tell you at once that I know all about it. Wo have no secrets at home, and every one know I camo down on approval." So saying, I swept from the room with all tho dignity I could assume. My peppery Scotch blood was up. " Reckoning - tho chickens " indeed ! Of eourso I could havo him if I chose ! Could stand this dull, damp South for life, under any circuui- stauces, though? 'That was tho question. But, at all oveuts, ho should givo mo tho chanco. 1 wouldn't go back "plucked," as Ned had expressed it. And, after all, lie would bo something young, that was a com fort, for had not Aunt Janet said that sho remembered his father a little boy in frocks? So I took extra pains with my toilet, and although I wore tho grey alpaca as usual, in deference to Aunt Janet, I added rose- colored ribbons here and there, a bright bow in my glossy dark hair, flying streamers round my throat; and a bright band and sash for my waist ; so that tho effect of the whole was gayer even than tho blue silk would havo been. And as I gave a hasty glance at myself in tho ponderous mirror be fore quitting my room, I could not help thinking that 1 looked a cheerful bit of young life, in contrast with my sombre eur- rounilings. I would r.ot go down till our guest had ar rived, fearing a criticism of my roso-color, and a possibio ordor to discard it, vain young person that I was ! But the boll resounded through the long quiet passages at last, and down I went, the brightness returning to my cheeks and oyes, in tho expectation of meeting once more a glance of human sym pathy. Alas for human oxpootations ! I am sure I started and turned pale on opening tho door. There ho sat, warming his thin whito hands over the lire. Young! Why he looked as if the term could never have been applied to him I I felt sure that if ever he had been a baby (and I supposed there was no loop- holo out of that fact), ho must have been one of those wizened, old-mon-looking babes, that never grow, or cry, poor littlo souls, but behave with tho utmost decorum, even when in long clothes. The idea of Aunt Janet having known his father as a boy seemed too preposterous ! When it required such a stretch of tho imagination to picture him ever a lad him self, it was too much to expect ono to beliove that he had had a father who had been a boy within tho memory of living witnesses. Such were the thoughts (exaggerated, no doubt) that rushed through my mind during my first instant of surprise and disappoint ment. But I had no time to ponder, for Aunt Mary camo forward in great state to present me to their "douce" young minister, and then we marched in state in to dinner. But 1 must describe my hero a littlo moro particularly, or you may bo fancying him grey and decrepit, which lio was not. No, he was tall and straight, veiy thin, with what little hair ho haa pale brown ; face to match, eyes ditto, but capable of deepening to a much deeper hue, as I after wards knew to my cost. As to his features, there was not much amiss with them, and his forehead was broad and intellectual. But all this I found out later. So absorbing was my first discovery that he was not, and nover could havo been young, that I did not care to look for re deeming points just then. 'Tho dinner was silent for tho most part ; only from time to time I was startled by our guest's addressing some point-blank question to me across tho table, entirely unconnected with any previous conversation. Most ap palling those spasmodic queries were, rang ing over geography, history, and what not. I nover knew where I might "bo put on," as tho boys express it, aud could not enjoy the extra good dinner for fear of what might come next. The questions, too, were put in such a manner to mo that I felt for all the world as though I wero being catechised like the children in church; and at last tho oddity of it overcame me, and, in answer to some grave question about Glencoe, I dis graced myself. by bursting into a merry peal of laughter, which resounded uncannily through tho gloomy mansion. Happily this was towards the end of the repast, as Aunt Mary, looking at me with the utmost severity, said, "Niece Katherine, I'll no put up with sio ill maimers ; ye'll just gae straight off to yer ain room, and no show yer saucy faco amaug us again tho night. To think that one of our own kith and kin should hao treated an honored guest sae ill!" There was nothing for it but to obey, and a dull enough time I had in my sombre chamber. I tore off tho pretty rose ribbons, and sat myself "-down on tho floor in my misery, and, burying my face in my hands, burst into passionato tears. I dragged down the long coils of my hair, and tore out handfuls in my foolish rage. The pain, I think, did mo good. It brought me to my better self. I started up, and, catching a glimpse m the mirror of my tear stained, angry face, and rumpled hair, I felt ashamed, and sitting down to re-arrange my self, began to ponder on what my father and mother would think could they look in upon me now, and of how Ned would laugh at "me for making suck affright of myself, and get ting into such a tantrum for so slight a cause, and then I fell to thinking what there was to bo wrath about. Surely the "douce" minister had done his best to draw me; ont, and I had repaid his eflprts with downright rudeness. Perchance he was testing me with a view to the future. If so, I had as suredly been miserably "plucked." Just as I had arrived at tbi3 point in my self-condemning meditations, some ono knocked at the door, and Aunt Janot's kind old face peeped in at the door, as she said, "Misther Anderson is muokle concerned, my puir child,, at yer banishment. He says there's nae sae great harm in a young thing's laughing, and at any rate he hoped ye'd bo forgiven this time, as he was the cause o' it, and sae Aunt Mary has : sent me to bid ye bo on yer best behavior, and come down to tae." I went up and kissed Aunt Janet upon this, and expressed my contrition, but added that, having mado myself a fright, I did not like to coino into - the drawing-room. This, however, she overruled ; so, having done my best, with washing of face, and dressing of hair, and redonning of the roso-colored rib bons, to efface the marks of my recent pas sion, I returned with Aunt Janet to tho com pany. Don't yon know how good and softened children aro after a thorough outburst of naughtiness and tears ? Well, that was my stato now. I felt humbled and subdued, and most anxious to please. And I must say that the minister showed a youthful quick ness of instinct, at all events, in the quiet way in which he distracted attention from my entrance, and took it as a matter of course my being there. Gradually I wanned up with tho tea, and with the cheering ap pearance of a blaze from tho wood fire lighted u honor of our guest. Wc sat round it in the gloaming, and, on tho minister asking mo to sing, I surprised my amft-s by complying at once, and .warb ling away one after another of 'bur dear old Scotch ballads, so suited to the dreamy twi- light, with their tender pathos, too sacred fo tho full glare of day. ' I don't profess to. bo much of a musician, but I know 1 gavo these dear old songs well, because my heart was in them, and, after all, that is tho great point if you. want .to touch your audience, whether it be in preach ing, singing, or speaking. But I, was hardly prepared for tho sensation produced by The Land o' the Leak I stopped, feel ing my own voice choky, to find my three aunts crying quiotly, and to find the minis ter's eyes fixed upon me with an earnestness that made my own fall. " How curious it is that, if yon only strike deep enough into the hidden roots of human nature, you got at the grand harmony that exists in tho innermost recesses of human souls, often the most discordant superficially. I no longer thonght of my aunts as old and formal, nor of the minister' as never having bcon young. We seemed all one in tho tonder emotions stirred np by that sweet song. Soon after our guest took his leave, saying that he had still to give a last look at his Sunday sermons, and, aftor a moro gentle good night than usual from my aunts, wo all soparated for bed. And so the evening ended better than I could have hoped. The next day was my first Sunday in these parts, and for tho first time sinco my arrival the sun rose on a cloudless sky! By and by tho church bells rang out cheerily from different sides, and I felt happier than I had done since my arrival as I aocompaniod my aunts to church. There at least I saw young faces enough. Fcoplo wero not all born ready grown up, then, m this benighted South I Mr. Anderton' mannor was sopori fic, certainly, but his matter was very good. I could perceive that Aunt Janot's " douce minister" was above tho avorage. It was well that I did attend to his ser mons, for, to my umazement, after tho after noon service, I was Summoned with Tabitha and Timothy into tho parlor, and bado stand with thorn in front of my Aunt Mary's high- back chair, whilo she catechised us in- turn, first upon tho Church Catechism, afterwards on tho discourses of tho day; whilo Aunt Janot and Margaret sat by listening. 1 am sure you will admit this was a trial to a risiblo young person liko mysolf. There was I, towering above tho other two, at tho head of the class, as it were; next camo Tabitha, with her close cap and clean apron, and false front of littlo curls, bobbing, to and fro with an approving gesture at each question her mistress put. Then came poor old Timothy, his white head bowed, ana his pink, shrivelled faco bent downward with intent gaze oil tho pattern of tho carpet at his feet. Good, faithful old man ! he had gone through tho sapio ordeal every Sunday these forty years, and, I believe, would have felt guilty of breaking tho fourth command ment had he missed it. I was surprised to hear how well they both answered, and was sobered down into a becoming stato of gravity by seeing the really earnest way in which they looked upon this Sunday oxccr- ciso, only second, 1' fancy, to tho church- going itsolf. You will see that I was beginning to get more contented in my temporary home. 'JL'Jio sun shone, for ono thing ; no fog, or clouds, savo lovely fleecy ones, for weeks togothor. Moreover I received letters from home, beg ging mo to return for Christmas. ' Ned would meet mo at York ; so there was a limit to my visit ; only for two months moro at the most ! But, unfortunately, there was a paragraph in Ned's letter which stirred me up to a course of action I even now blush to write of. The sentence was this: "Wo shall bo awfully glad to have you home again, old girl, but (botween ourselves) wo shall feel it rather a cut to the. family if you come back without having had a chance of even saying no. Mother gets sO'many in quiries about you of a Sunday, coming out of kirk, that she has left off going for a bit, till she has something to tell them ; and as for Joan and Polly, and Nell, they are get ting unbearable, tossing their heads and say ing, Mother should huvo sent them ; they wouldn't have been so slow about it as poor old Kitty." Now, of course this was all nonsense, and I felt it ; but who doesn't know that many a girl has been shamed into matrimony by brothers' chaff and wounded pride ? .- Tho effect on me was, Iainsorty to say, still worse. Matrimony might wait, but the chance of saying no musn't. There were only two months to do it in ; I must bestir mysolf. And so I did, wicked, heartless, despicable girl that I was. I had never had a chance before of trying my powers of fascination, so there was the charm of novolty in the attempt. The minister came oftencr aud oftenorjto tho Grange, and I was always there to welcome him, always ready to catch up and enter into his train of thought, and, above all, always glad to sing to him in tho twilight. As for him, he grew young in tho process. Thero was a new light in his oyes which lightened his whole faco. There was a happy ring in liis voice, and rarely, very rarely, a smile crept round tho corners of his mouth. You must not think I was .bold and for ward. I could not havo bcon that, I hope ; and, certainly, it would have spoiled my chance. No; I made a study of him, as ono might of a difficult piece of music, and thought I know him perfectly. 'The triumph came moro quickly than I expected, before the first mouth was up. It was on a Sunday afternoon. I should say that he had been with us as usual the pre vious evening, and I had laughingly asked him if he would like mo to sing iris name sake, as wo sat oyer tho fire with my aunts in tho dusk. And then I had given, with a good deal of real feeling, that touching song, John Anderson, my Jo, thinking, in reality, of my own dear father and mother all the time. Tho minister's face flushed crimson as I sang. I could just see- that by tbc firelight ; and when he bade mo good night, 1 thought ho would never have let my hand go. Well, to return to the Sunday afternoon. I know something must bo corning when the minister joined us aftor tho second service, and Aunt Mary said to me, as we reached the iron gate, " I'll no catechiso you to-day, niece Kate ; Misther Anderson 13 going to stay to toa, and he'll kindly do it for uio, and with inucklemoro skill, I ween." I thought I detected a sly smile in Aunt Mary's grey eyes, and felt rathor nervous. However, we reached the bridge in safety ; then, as my aunts passed over, Mr. Anderson said to me, " Will you take another turn on the drive; Miss Donald? It will bo a fine sunset after tho storm."., So we turned together, and he began at once, in a low, deep voice, impressivo in its carnostness." " I wanted to thank you," he said, " for what yon sang last night. I am sure -you would not havo sung it cruelly or wantonly ; you are too good for that ; and you could not have done it ignorantly. I went home under the starlight a now man, and thanked God for his goodness in sending mo that pricoless treasure, a true wife ; tell mo that I did right." He paused, and seized my hand, and looked into my faeo with that deep, piercing look which, as I foretold yon, I should some day know to my cost. Oh, for the last month back again ! Oh, for the crushing shamo and remorse of that awful moment of retribution ! -Tremblingly I raised my eyes, hardly dar ing to meet his, and faltered out, "I was cruel, and base ; I did not mcau it so."'. Ho threw my hand from him so roughly that it almost mado me cry out, and saying, in a hoarse .voice, "Child, you have dono a wicked deed ; may the Lord have mercy on you," strode away. For mo, I stood there dizzy and bewil dered. What had I dono ? Surely, I. had murdered someone, or worse I 'This crush ing nightmare-sense of despair, shame, and remorse came from no slight cause. Ye3 ; I hail killed a human heart ; that was it. If the heart is dead, was not that murder ? But people kill hearts lightly, and go un punished. Yes, here, maybe ; we do not hang for that sort of murder ; but bore- after ? ' ' And tho heart of a good man, too, and one who trusted me. Oh, the ugly deed ! Sick' at heart, I sat me down 011 the damp gross under the hedge, and thought it afi over — my wiles, my triumph, my itespair-— till my head felt fit to burst ; anil at last, seeing tlio: curtains of night closing round me, and the brilliant stars overhead looking down on my shame with their million eyes, I took fright, and, rising with a little cry, ran along the drive and up through tho garden to the house. No 0110 saw mo come in, so I rushed to my room, locked the door, and threw myself with my wet garments on tho bed. : / Presently came a knock,- and eager plead ing for admission. " Where is Mr. Ander son gone? and why didn't I come to' tea; and where had I lingered so long?" " He is gone homo, and I havo a dreadful headeche, and want to bo quiet," I said,' "please let mealone." So. saying, 'I turned a deaf car to furthor troubiings, and at' last,' worn out, fqll into -a troubled slumber. 1 in. -V " I awoke early next morning in dreadful pain. Lying all night in my soaking gar ments, what wonder ithat my limbs ached, and my head throbbed to distraction. I got up, howovor, and dressed as best I could, and dragged my weary steps to' tho cold parlor. There I was accosted by kind Aunt Janet first. "Why, what ails yo, my puir bairn? Yo'ro looking jist liko a ghost, with yer pole faco, and yer great black oyes; and ye'ro shaking liko ony quaking grass." " I think I must havo taken cold," I said, my teeth chattering as I spoko. "An' nao moron was to be expected," said Annt Mary, severely. "If young women will bo gadding about sweethearting so late, nao wonder they come shaking to breakfast next morn." The color rushed to my faeo for a moment, ns I answered, with a bitter laugh : "Out, sweethearting, Aunt Mary ! A likely thing here, unless Methuselahs turn sweethearts. ''Nae, nao; my bairn," said Annt Janet, with a kindly shake of her head, " ye'ro nae going tho right gato to talk in sic a manner of sae worthy a man as our gudo minister. He's nao sae old in years as in looks, for I ken his age right well. Didna I take him in my ain arms when ho was but a bit babe, and when his bonny mother (inoro bonny thaii gudo) said I might keep him an' wel come, and his puir father the whiles look ing on sae "gravo to hear lier say sio an un natural word? Thero be waur things than years, bairn, to tak' the youth out o' a man, and for my part I lovo him the hotter for his sorrows." How utterly misorablo were tho next fow days I AVorso, a thousand times worso, than tho ennui of tho earlier part of my vist. That seemed a haven of rest to look upon now, compared with tho. torturing remorse of my present state of mind. More over, I was really very ill though struggling against it. My aching head and limbs kept mo wakeful at night ; I lost all appetite ; for the first time suico my remembrance my strength failed me, and one torn on tho long drive would leave me quite exhausted. _ Besides all this, I missed terribly tho ex citement of the Vicar's daily visits. In fact, I liogan to lincl out that they had been moro to mo than I had known, and that, in trying to win his heart, I had lost a bit of my own. In truth, I rather doubt whother I could havo succeeded as I had done, unless this had boon tho case. Ho was not a conceited youth, easily flattered into tho belief that ho had inspired an ardent affection, but, on the contrary, an earnest, and therefore a humblo man, who would surely have detected tho base coin from tho true, had there not been a mixture, howover slight, of the genuine metal in it. And so it came to pass that, what with growing weakness, torturing remorse, and uiigratilicd longing for a meeting and recon ciliation with tho good man I had so wronged, my lifo became a burden to me. My aunts grew frightened at last at my pale cheeks, anil hollow eyos, and hacking cough, and sent for tho doctor. Ho decided that a noglectod cold had settled on my lungs, and ordered strict nursing, So I took to my bed entirely, and felt no wiBk to leave it for a long timo to como. I have lived to bo thankful for that new anil trying exporioucc. Strong in my own strength, joyous in the high spirits of youth, it scorns to me that tho higher spiritual part of iny nature had lain unstirred till now. I had taken tho manifold good gifts that foil to my share as a matter of course, and with hut little gratitude or thought for the thou sands of my suffering and sorrowing sisters and brothers in this great complex world of oars. My oyes heretofore had been fixed solely on tho sunny sido of the picture; now I was, getting a glimpse into the shadowy one, moro sombre, but more hcart- Btirring with its dark depths. I am sure I should nover have known the true value of my aunts, had it not been for this illness. As for Aunt Janet, sho was kindness and unselfishness itself. Sho would sit for hours together at my heavily cur tained window, bolt upright in her high- backed chair, plying her knitting busily. How I got to love tho click of the steel pins, and the salutation, " AVclI, my bairnie, and how are yo the morn ?" Lying day by day contemplating that pale and furrowed face, with such a tender glance sometimes in the clear grey eyes, and lines of sad experience about the firm-set mouth, I used to amuse myself with weav ing out possible romanocs for my aunt in her past life, aud, with an invalid's restless petu lance, grew quite worried at being unable to decide which was the true one. At last I got hold of tho right thread, and this was how it came about. It was a Saturday afternoon, dull and grey, and I had been lying with my eyes half closed, watching Aunt Janet, till at last I saw her knitting fall idly on her lap (a most unusual piece of indolence, oven for a moment, with her), and the grey eyes soar away out through the small- paned window across over tho fiat wet meadow, to tho misty hills beyond, while tho sad lines deepened round her mouth, and a puzzled expression -wrinkled itself on her forehead. Suddonly I broke the stillness. "Has Mr. Anderson been hero to-day, auntie ?" I asked. Surely my words had jumped, as it wero, with her thoughts, for there was tho sur prised start of recognition, as sho answered : "An' what made ye ask that for tho noo, bairn, when it was just what I was puzzling o'er myself. Nao, nao, ho hasua been once sin' that Sunday night when yo caught yer chill. That waur an uncanny sort o' even ing, I reckon, for ho has looked mair like a ghost than ony thing else ovor sin', as well as yorself. Aud hi6 sermons hae been all o' sio a dreary turn, that as Timothy says, ' Yc'd think there were nao sae muckle as ain honest man left in the world to listen to him.' " A sudden resolve took" hold of me. I would confess it all to good Auut Janet, and lift somo of the load of guilt off my penitent heart. "Auntie, that is all my fault. I made him believe that I lovoil h'im, and then told him it was a lio. No wonder he does not believe in any one's truth after that." Quiotly and bitterly I spoke. 1 would not waste idle words in any attempt at self- excuse. Besides, what room was there for them? ' Aunt Janet turned quickly towards me, the angry flush springing up over tho white furrowed face, and tho indignant flash to her eyes, making her look young again. " You did sae evil a deed o' yer ain wiekod will, niece Kate ?" sho asked in 6karp, sting ing tones. "Of my own wicked will," I answered doggedly. "AVliat else was thore for mo to do ? " "Mucklo, muckle, bairn. Yo'd better hao gone and worked in tho fields wi' Timothy ; ye'd better hae cracked stones by the road-side ; ye'd bettor hao done ony- thing honest, than sao ill a deed as that. Ah, puir laddie, my heart greets sair for yo ! Shall I toll ye, girl, what yo've done? Here was a lad who had a mother once more bonny far then yersel ; and ho loved his mother as sic quiet folk will, beyond all tho world beside. But she was no sab gude as she might be, and went away frae him and his gude father, killing the one and leaving the other a broken-hearted lad. She is dead now, poor sonl. Maybe she repented her ill deeds in time. AVo'll hope sae, anyhow. But it made tho lad old afore his time ; and though lio did his work faithfully, tho light was gano out 0' his lifo for mony a day. Muckle I troubled about the puir bairn, for I lo'od his father weel (Aunt Janet's secret out at last I) — but we'll no talk o' sio bygone things the noo — sae I begged my sisters to ask ye here, hoping, maybe, I cannatell why, there might bo a liking atweon ye baith. And when I saw how it all sped, my heart grew light again, for I thought she'll mako a bonny wife and a gude, and heal over the old soro. Ah, child,- ye'vo done muckle ill wi' yer songs and falso smiles. And woe is me that .1 over set eyes on yo here I " Auut Janot's voice trembled as she finished, and, unheeding tho passionate sobs that burst from my overcharged heart, she left the room. Left me to ponder over it all. The tone, trampled heart I had made sport of, the saddened life of -the man, still in liis prime, that I might have cheered and brightened. Over and over again I pictured it all. Things as they liail been, things as they were, tilings as they might have been. Oh, if lio would but ask mo again, what a different answer I would give ! But lie would not. Most likely liis love had turned to bate long. ere. this: he was too true himself to love a woman who could act so deliberate a lie. The doctor found his patient much worse that night, and no wonder. Aftor tho ter rible mental excitement- 1 went through, the exhaustion was so great that my state be came really precarious. .Dear Aunt Janet returned with a gentle,; tear-stained faco to toy bed. "Forgive me. baii-nio," she said, in a broken voice j " it waur all my doing, and I should ha' knownbetter. But the anld pain got tho grip o' mo again, which it had nao business to do, after sao mony years and sao mucklo striving. Ah, wo are but frail mortals, bairnie ; but ye'll forgive mo, I weon ? " I could bnt smile feebly, and press the dear bony old hand that I hold. But all through tho long hoars of that night Aunt Janet was by my bed, administering tho fre quent cordials, smoothing my pillow ; yes, and what touched mo moro than all, kneel ing by my bed-side when sho thought I was dozing, and praying for mc. I do not lflto to write of my own thoughts that night. It is a sacred remembrance, hid away in' tho depths of my heart ; not idle thore, I hope, but over present to help mo in life's journey heavenward. And so tho crisis passed. I had gone through tho Valley of Humiliation, and thonco through tho Valley of the Shadow of Death, and found at last, as good Christian did, daybreak and sunrise on the other side. Tho first timo I was allowod to leave my room was on Christmas Evo. The good, kind doctor was anxious I should have a more cheerful spot to Bpend my Christinas in than my poor, musty, dreary- looking bed room. So 1 was well wrapped up in spft woollen shawls, and lie himself carried me to the drawingroom, where blazing logs were kindled on the hearth, and where Tabitha hod, in tho kindness of her heart, stuck about somo bright holly, to mako it look a bit cheerful, as slio said. And, indeed, to mo it seemed a paradiso of comfort after my long confinement in my dismal chamber. An arm-chair of tho luxurious, lounging sort, the first over seen in my aunts' house, had boon borrowed for me, and a tempting tea-tray was sot out on tho littlo tablo by its side. 1'hoy wore all too good to mo I felt, anil quiet tears would roll down my cheeks in my woaknesB ; but tlio doctor said they would do mo good. Just then came a ring at the bell, and a voice I know inquired anxiously for Miss Donald at tho hall door. I looked appcal- ingly at Aunt Janet. She understood, and said: "May sho sco tho minister, doctor?" "Yes, if she please. Ho is not an ex citing porson, I take it," with a droll look in his oyos. So saying I10 took his leave, and Aunt Janet ushored in tho vicar. I was very weak, you know, which must bo my excuso ; and 1 had such a longing for forgiveness. So, directly he camo up to my ohair, I put out my poor, tliin hands, and exclaimed through my tears, as though I hail bcon a penitent naughty child, "Oh, do forgivo mo ; I will really try and bo good." He could not speak, but his lip trembled,' and ho grasped my whito hand so warmly that I know I was forgiven. Tho old cold haml-Bhako was already a thing of tho past. AVo wore all silent for a few minutes, till at last tho minister looked np devoutly, and said, "Thank God I" Thoso two words seemed at once to break tho spoil. AVo could talk now. Talk of the happy Christmas-time, and of the many happy faces tho yulo-logs blazed upon that evening. Mr. Anderson had just returned from the workhouse, where tho littlo folk wero rejoicing in buns and sugared tea ad libitum (a treat of my aunts, as accidentally leaked out), and a Christmas-treo full of presents to follow. AYo all grow quite merry. I had never hoard tho viear talk so fluently before ; and,' as I gazed at him from my corner, I thought his faco was glorified by a now light, in spito of the added lines of past suffering en his brow. For myself, my spirit felt almost too light and happy to bo kept within bounds. It was so delightful to be well again, and at peace with my friends, and in tho company of liim I loved : for I no longer doubted on that head. Bat thero was a word I wanted to say before my mind would be quite at rest. So, as they were all going into the other room to supper, leaving me in my cosy arm-chair, I glanced up at tile minister, who was holding the door open for tho old ladies to pass on before him, and said, with an attempt at playfulness, " AVill you stay with mo a minute, please ; I want to confess." So the door closed on my aunts, and he camo gravely back to the hearthrug. I be gan to feel rather frightened now the timo was como, he looked so sad and earnest. It was no use ; I must dash into tho midst of it at once. " I wanted to tell you," I said, hurriedly, " how miserable I have been about what I said that Sunday." Then came a full stop. I had not considered beforehand liow diffi cult it would be to say just what I wanted, and no moro. A spasm came over his face as he said, " The less said of that tho better now. I, too, was cruel and hard. It was folly to dream such an ono as you could really caro for a worn-out fellow like me, old in sorrow, if not in years. But wo will not mar our joy at having you amongst ns again by painful remembrances. You will forgivo my hard words when you know my history ; it would. tire you to hear itnow." " I know it," I said, " and I have hated myself more than I can say for adding to your heavy burden." "'Twas a trial I needed," he answered, sadly. "Believe me, Miss Donald, wo get no more such teaching than is good for us. Ono idol had been dethroned, and I was set- ting up another." ' ' Yes," I said, bitterly, " and you found your idol was but wood, straw, and stubblo ! I, too, havo had hard but blossed teaching. Only my punishment is for lifo, seeing that you will never believe in mo again." "AVho am I to juilgo another?" ho answered, sadly. "If my idol was cast down I have found a human soul which, erring or not, I love, and shall lovo, un selfishly, I trust, for ever." I looked at tho calm, sad face, anil it seemed to 1110 the noblest faco I hail ever known. I listened to tho self- renouncing, faithful words, and my heart would no longer keep silence. "But I lovo too," I said, "and I am not so good as you. I cannot lovo unselfishly." "Poor child ! " he said, still gazing into the fire, not glancing at my face, or ho surely could not have mistaken me. "But yours cannot bo in vain.. You may bo tried for a timo, but tho young man, if ho be worthy of you, will nover let slip such a prize." " But I don't want any young man. And I am not a prize at all ; only a poor battered thing, not worth any ono's picking up !" I answered, in a sad, passionate voice. He glanced round at mo now, attracted, perchance, by the sorrowful tono in which I spoke. And I suppose my looks betrayed mo, for ho gavo a littlo start, and then, look ing into my tearful oyes, said hurriedly, "Do you really mean it? Can it be that my hungry heart shall be fed at last ? My cheerless homo brightened? My lito made glorious ?" AVliat happened after that I don't quite remember. But I know I was carried off to my chamber at an early hour in a perfect maze of happiness, which lasted through all the night; but where dreams began and facts ended, I can hardly say. Looking back now on all that has hap pened since then, I find cause for nothing jut gratitude. AVo have had our troubles, of coarse, but thoy have drawn us eloscr together. People tell me my husband grows younger evory year, and in truth I think they're right. I am only afraid now that he'll get too young for liis wifo, for the man agement of four strong, healthy boys iB somewhatsoboriiig. Aunt Janet lives with us, and tlio children call her Granny ; and I am sure sho could not havo been fonder of them had they been hor own offspring in truth. Especially Ned, who is tho imago of his paternal grandfather, they say. My other two aunts till live on at tho Grange, and Timothy and Tabitha still serve them. The old horse lay quietly down in the field and died one day, aud not long after tho sympathetic old coach fell to pieces. j- 