KEW YEAR'S EVE. In Goorge-strcct the number of people who thriuged the pavement was immense, and several of the sfbraC-* tions that abound ip the street: of Sydney w£re efceed ingly well patronised. A stand at tho cornt ot Market and George streets.- .where /the1 wonders- of nature were to lie seen in all theirlperJ fection by meam of microscopes, was erected? and the owner of it had no reason to bo dissatisfied oil the patronage . which he received. The toy-bazaor of-Mrj. Lemaire was actually besieged for more than an n$un1 by a croivd of persons attraoted by the view of a mm dressed in a manner intending to personify Olfl Father Time. As the hour grew later, the Crowds seemed to grow taicKcr, untu tue stroke of -12 o cloelt; fell npon the car, and then ever/one was jubilant. The' ' larrikins,' especially, ?were in their clement, and gangs of them were seen hurrying about in all direc tions, bent upon mischief ; and they seemed to enjoy themselves in their own particular way, although very much to the discomfiture of tho3C wiio were inclined 'to see the old year ont and the new year in' in a respectable and unostentatious way. In Clarence street several bonfires were lighted, and they oaJiseS such a great illumination that at first it was thought that eoine houses vrere on fire, but the doubt was speedily removca, and the street, in those places where the fives were, presented 4:1m nvinpni.n.m-B nf miimiaa pnmnc A li/ii^xr /if l-li-rli_ laudcre, in! full native costume, marched through some of the streets, and caused great Kfcfcraeticu and amuse ment to a large number of persons of all classes, inclu ding 'blue-jackets,' 'marines,' and a host of small boya and 'large boys, carrying bushes which had been purloiucd from some of tho shops and dwelling-houses that had been decorated with them. The Ger man band, too, found many admirers, while they played in vurioas partial the city. Of coarse, at 12 o'clock, the bells iu aU the church-steeples pealed forth a farewell to the old year, and n welcome to tho new one, while cheers from hundreds of throats rent the air, and friends grasping hands, wished each oth.H' a ' Happy New Year.' Pitt-street was no exception to tho general rule, for. from Park- street to King-street tho footpaths was crowded with hundreds of persons, male and femaln. The majority of the shops were handsomely lit up, and the choice display of useful, and ornamental articles, tastefully arranged in the windows, were a great tempta tion to all who iad their purses in their pockets, and in many cases they yielded to the temptations, aijd spent their money in a manner which must have cheered those nuu unu auj uiuug v\i wui uiicu^cia jiuval ,]rui- ftjuuuii;, and ihe performances of the Magnet Troupe, and tbe Victoria Theatre were liberally patronised, and all who were present there appeared to thoroughly enjoy them selves. The two extremes of Pitt-street, north aud south, were exceedingly dull till about midnight. The principle centres of attraction were, as we have said, between Park and King-street, and everybody seemed to anticipate the pleasure of a holiday, on the morrow, and willing to give the go-bye gracef ally to 1872. In the middle of the annual turmoil, it was satis factory to say that the people who watch and pray'for the coming advent, crowded the various places of wor ship in our city. The watch-night services for meditation and prayer, held in the various places of worship last night, may bo thus summarised. At St. Andrew's Cathedral there was a crowded con gregation. The ltev. Bean Cowper preached from the text 2 Kings, chapter iv., 20 : '? Is it well withthee ? Is it well with thy husband ? Is it well with thy child f ' The lessons were reaii by the Rev. Canon Rich. There waB a full choral service, conducted by Mr. Corlctte, the presenter ; and Mr. Montague Younger officiated ns organist. The services at St. James's was largely attended, ' and the sermon was delivered by the Eev. G. C. Bode from the 10th chapter of Bevelations, verse3 5 and G-'And the angel which I saw stand npon the sea and upon the earth lifted nn his l'and to heaven, and swore bv Him that liveth for ever asd ever, who created heaven and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer.' At St. Philip's the Kev. Mr. Unwin officiated, and choose as his taxt the 28th chapter of Genesis, verse 8— 'And Abraham gave up the ghost.' The attendance was unusually large. At St. Barnabas's tbe assemblage was so great that there was scarcely sitting accommodation. The E«v. Canon Smith read the evening service, -end delivered bis discour.se on a portion ot the 7th verse of the 4th chapter, of St. Peter, ' But tho end of all things is at hand.' The ttemlanceat Ihe service at Christ Cburch was not very numerous. Tbe preacher was the Kev. Canon Vidal. St. Pauls Church, Eedfern wor well filled, and the Rov. Canon Stephen selected as his text the 3rd chapter of the epistle of St. Paul to the Roman!', begining at tho first, aud ending at the twelfth verse. At St John's Church, Darlinghurst, tho Rev. T. Hnyden preached to a lar»e congregation. The Rev. G. H. Moreton conducted the services ; St. Peters. Woolloovnooloo. and addressed his lavjje cougregatiou on the first vorse of tho 103rd Psalm of David. AtSt, Jehu's, Bishopthorpe, the services were ful EUed by the Kev. K M. tSaliuiere. At St. llichae.'s, Surry Hills, the Rsv. Hulton King preached. There was uo watch-night Eervicesat Trinity Church, Miller's Point. At the York-strest Wesleyan Church, a prayer meet ing was held, in which the Revs. Messrs. W. Curnow, Joseph Nettletoa, and R. Sellors took port. At the Bourke-street Wesleyan Church . the Rev. Mr. Tote con. ducted the services. Eev. Mr. Firth was the officiating minister at the Glebe Point-rood Wesleyan Church, and took his text from the let of Corinthians, chapter 7th,' and verses 29fch. 30th, and 31st, 'But this I say brethren, the time is short, it remaineth that both they tUafc have wives 1)3 as though they, had none ; and they that weep as though they wept not, and they that re joico as though they rejoiced not, and they that buy ns though they possessed not ; and they that use this world as not abusing it. for the fashion of this world passeth At the Congregational Church,' in Bourke-street the Rev. T' Johnsou held a prayer-meeting, and delivered a new year's address. At the St. John's-road, Glebe, Congregational Chnrch, the Rev. A. Lloyd, held divine service. The Castlereagh-street Baptist Church watch night meeting was presided over by the Eev. Daniel Allen, who discoursed on tho 11th of Dneterononiy, 11th verse. The congregation sung a now year hymn, composed by the preacher. At theHarrisistrcet Baptist Cburch, the Rev. A. W. Webb officiated and preached from the text James iv., verses 13 and 14 ' Ye that say to-day -or to-morrow we will go with snch a city and continue there a year and buy and sell and get gain, wnereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life ? It is even a vapour that appeareth for a little time nnd then vanishetli away.' At the Mariner's Church the Eev. W. Gainford preached to a large congregation, from the 13th chapter of the Gospel of tt. Luke, verses 6 to 9, being the parable of the barren figtree. . . . At the City Mission Chapel, Sussex-street, there was a watch-night service, which was well attended. There were services at several of the Church of Eng- ? land subnrban churches, but the Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, and Unitarian churches ignored the hold ing of such services in their respective churches. There was no service at the Pitt-street Congregational Church. It may be worth recording that at the majority of the plnces of worship the services began about 10 o'clock, and all terminated a few minutes after midnight. 