i: ." HUNTING. A FLUTTER WITH " THE FLIERS." BY " NIMROD'S- GHOST." " A "Wednesday afternoon bye-meet at. Heidelberg, with the M.H.C., and a epocial invito for the F.H C; to join," said I to myself tho other day, when tho good 'news reached mo— "my colonial word I I'll bo thero or thorealiouts." And, bb a veteran lover of tho chase, I felt reason to bo specially glad at tho intimation, for there has boon no denying that, of late, "a kind' of a sort of a" jealous ooolnoss had beon existing between tbo rival Hunt Clubs ; and this truly sportsmanlike mode pleasant prospeot loomed ahead of doubling oroBB-country anjoymont by tho fixtures of oaob, for tho future, being generally made for different days in the weok. " Hallo 1 bore's tho. Ghost redivivtcs ," was tho greeting that sainted mo as I entered Goydor's Loungo at mid-day, fully b<j, breeched, bc- booted, and bc-spurrod. "None of your bad goaks," returned I, with your nED- iuiuiu insiuuntions, just beeauso Am in tuookt. near let again Aint I always ready for a bit of gonuino pastime But I wasn't really ready, mind, as I know nothing of the nag that I was about to bestraddlo, savo and except (legal phrase ology) that his looks wore no disgrace to my own elaborate get-up, and that he was i bound to be a good 'nn because he-belonged : to Mr. Qeorgq GlasBeock's well-known hunting stud. There's no mistake, ' 1 Long George" will havo 'em if thoy can "lep a hit," and Kirk's Bazaar seldom fails to tarn out a fair per-ceutago.of tlie cquines in at tho finish. (N.B. — This is not a puff preliminary to ensure future mounts. Of osurso not.) Having made this pro viso, therefore, my readers will please to suppose mo safely mounted, with stirrups the right length, tho groom decently tipped for tho saddlery being so natty, a cigar (ono ofR. P. Negus's best brand) evenly lighted in my mouth, and all tho pretty nursemaids in Bourko street admiring mo as my horse paraded proudly along as if all the property botwecn tho two Arcades belonged to the tall gent ho was carrying. -Wasn't it a nuisance, though? a bitter cold rain oamo on before fairly out of town, and a follow was obliged to ntart a oanfer to keep one's blood id circulation, though a most unorthodox manner of proceeding to . a meet on tho samo antuial one has to ride after tbo hi-nnds. And wasn't it muddy, too? All the boauty of the wall-blacked boots departed before half-n-milo had been splashed through, and my cream- oolorod buckskins shar ed tho samo dirty fate at the first fair-sizod puddle. But « 4 t — .aalaji a t. #, a nil wmh mac long ere X renuuun m>> nuu-uar, .uij, mind and my prido were at roBt, for I had passed others on tho road equally bespat tered ; and at the toll itsolf I joined a party wlioso nookless disregard of " war-paint" had apparently indue ad thom to pick tho centre of every soft spot on the road," and to mutually divide the results. Thence forth 1 was reckless as tbey, and there is_no denying that when wo reached Mr.- Sam Cole's "comfortable hostelry at Heidelberg (which was tho Irysting place) wo most of us looked as if having gone through a long and heavy run. Not all of ns, though— for some few of the right sort had driven down j and just as I dismounted I noticed the jolly young MaBtor of the Howell Hounds peeling himself from upper habiliments and emerging tho very " pink of perfeotion," as did Mr. Georgo Wateon (onr own worthy Master). Mr. N. Wilson, Mr. P. Oloniater. Mr. W. Bowes, Mr. H. Haines. Mr. Snm Waldook. and Mr. Woolior. On "mysaored davy,"- these wore tho only outerly clean horsemen, though tho dirty division included' some of tho internally "cleanest of potatoes." ' Very little time was' wasted at the Pub., tho assembled field- being of that scleot sort whioh requires no " Dutch Courage" to act as reducing instead of magnifying glasses. A tow glasses of fiz, 'tis true, word imbihod at ths polite invitatidn of tho Master : but in a very fow minutes ho put that merry horn to his lips whioh ho profera to all other, and away moved the oavaloado at a brisk trot up the hill. No sooner had tho bounds crossed the top road, and proceeded a fow hundred yards down tbo cro3B thoroughfare to Northootp, than thoy suddenly wheeled to tho right, their noses having Beizad at a moment on the pre arranged spot, as their united.' music told undeniably. "Yoioksl you beauties!'' not-named erallant George, as ho bounded over tho road-side force on . a big brown horao whose cognomen I - know not. . "Get to !eto!" ohimod iu tho whip, as a young straggler or two hung back as it taken by surprise— and get to them, tho 1 equestrians also seemed determined, for thoy started at onoo as if for . msrelv a mile raco. The ridors of Dutchman, Morisoo, Little Tommy, Lady Don, and La Blondo seemed eaoh determined "to. do or dio ;" whilst Monk, Barmaid, Selector, Royal Char lie. !and others less known to hunting fame, followed well in the wake.', .What a oapital lino had beon choson I All grass, .with plenty of fair fences, and goad take off) and landings. That the pace be came little short of racing, under those fnvorible circumstances, may well bo bo- lievod. "Who's that loading on tho cobby littlo horse ?" ask I of a regular. " Ho in tho white hat and black band, do you moan ?" replies my friend. " That is a visitor from Sydney. He's only been out. 1 throe or four times." "Then he'll bo the I Flower of tho New Sydney Hunt when ho goes hack," is my alm st breathless remark. Hallo ! my gay friend on .tho pretty groy Hang it — I thought you'd oome to grief — and so you have, and La Blondo has turned a somersault smash on to you. Woll done, good-natured Glonistor and Bowes; dearly as yon lovo to career along full ory after tho spotted fiiors, you love your friend mora dearlv still, and pnll off to his assiBtanc3. Thank goodness, tho universally-liked Harry has no bones broken, but ho'll neod a feather bod for a weok or two ; aid good-natured Glonistor has been spoiled tho nontinuarco of bis antioipatod glorious gallop, for ho won't leave his friend. Meanwhile the honnds aro miles and fields ahend, and tbo eiroln hitherto run is (bending back towards the township, and tho gronnd gotting heavier >ib tho lower InndB- aro approaohed. Tho fonoieg had boon pretty eaav and tho doubles light hitherto ; but now things began to "get unsettled." Rap— whop — what's that ? Only Royal Charlio turned a cropper. Ho has jumped at tho post instead of tho rail, and has llins brought a well-known bookmaker to sorrow. This is rather a paradox, think I, for tho fielders gouorallv have tho best of it "at tho post." (Ahem 1) What, another cropper? Just so. Dutohman has slithorod in rhiug at the first of adonblo into tho sloppy road, and tho consequence is somo samples of brlek-oArth on tho gamost of riders' woll-cnt rod coat. But what is up now ? Tho hounds nro away, with a fresh burst of melody, as if Heaven woro in front and tlio d ' at tboir sterns Ha 1 ha 1 I gnoan how it is— we must havocomo to tho end of tho drag, and a dingo has been turned down. I'm right — hut not so right ns tho Sydney visitor or Littlo Tommy ; for lio Bails away in front as "if to tho manner born" (Shakspoarc), whilst many a moro aooustomorl follower, of tho ehaso admires and onvios him, as tho Duohess do BerrI did tho protty milkmaid, a la distance, and as I did on tho spot. 'Pon honor, worthy readers, I must atop at this point. Tho quadruped benoath mo has stoppod long before, if truth must bo told, and so my ponoil Pogasus muBt follow suit, A spin of fifteen miles, with only five horsemen np at tho take, and those tho "piok of tho picked," woll deserves a hotter memorial than tho present inditor has given : but he is a littlo out of praotiao of Fatii, and he is moro than a littlo disgusted at not boin'" mo'o forward throughout. So lot tbo will pw for the deed : and |ta!l fee Sy I — — I et Tnto his oldform through p'raptioo"ih the saddle, ns well.as with, the "reoprdmg pen, is the most earnest wish of - - I . KIMROD'S 0HO3T. 