PROPOSED ENCLOSURE or WALKER AND CARLOW STREETS, ST. LEONARDS, TO complianCe TMth a requisition from a number of the I inhabitants of St Leonn.*ís>tho Mayor. of the Munut I value, Mr. W Tunks, M L A . Wrongs R public meeting ' 'ho inhabitants of North She.", last evening, to courier oh/v question involved in the bill now before Tarli 1 ment the cure of Walter ino c?rioJV'£ U »Wi? meeting was held 2 in hall of the Suites of AND which room was crowded, . throughout the whole of the proceedings 'be strong feelings entertained on either side of the question in were made manifest by the excitement which prevailed. "was a single speaker obtained anything like a patient hearing, he noisy interruptions being at times deafening, whilst every | now and then some individual, getting uncontrollably excited and enthusiastic, would ascend the platform and harangue the meeting, to the discomfort of the speakers who were supposed to be in possession of (the chair Some gentleman whose name did not transpire o, moved that Mr Tunks take the chair, but a few persons in front of the platform opposed the motion with wild vociferations Several other gentlemen who subsequently proposed amidst great noise and confusion The choice however, seemed to be between Mr Gale and Mr '1 links Mr T Robertson, M L A, took the chair at ten in order to submit the two names to the meeting About thirty) hands were held up for Mr Gale, and about two thirds of the meeting were in favour of Mr 1 links The latter gentleman was declared to be the elected chrmmnnof llioimoting, and took his seat amidst deafening cheers, intermingled with counter cheers The Cn HUMAN explained the object of the meeting, and took occasion to defend the action of the Municipal Council in enclosing the reserve of ice cation ground, through which the streets in question passed During his i remarks he was repeatedly interrupted by the opponents of the bill Mr THOMAS ROBERTSON, M L A , moved the first resolution, That, in the opinion of this meeting, the interests of the public will be best served by detaining the move in its present undivided form of unity six acres, consistently with the provisions of I e Walker and Barlow Streets EncloMiro Hill, now before Tarli soul, in pro ference to cutting it up by intersecting roads into four separate blocks He said that, although a resident of North Shore, he had no person U interest in the question at issue The only feeling that actuated him was one of responsibility for the public interest He contended that it would be much better tokcoptho reserve of 26 acres in- tact, than to divide it into four blocks by running the two streets through it. It would to far 111010 valuable as a recreation ground, and would inconvenience no one It appeared to him that there woioafevv people who kept caiiiHgeswho fancied they would like to drive through the reserve But if the ground was cut up into four blocks, ) copies could not send their children to make use of it for the purposes of recreation without having to put up with the dust raised by the carriage wheels (Vociferous cheering and interruptions ) As to 'the petition that had been sent in against closing the streets, it was not to be despised But no know some persons who had signed it not thinking much about what they were doing One gentleman told him he had signed it because he saw Mr Lord's n uno attached to it (later ruption, and cries of ' name ' ) If he could got the gentleman's permission to publish his n uno he would publish it to morrow The gentleman was no myth like the Burma ghost, but one of the oldest and most respectable inhabitants on the North Shore the , gentleman w hose duty it was to look after the reservE had spent a good deal of time and money in improving it and it they were not to have a voice in this question, they would probably lose all interest in the land, and the consequence might be that St Leonards would be without a recreation ground He thought the choice lay between having a resolve and not having one Lot those who UIBIICU to have no reserve say so openly, and not make fools of themselves as they were doing at that meeting [A v men We are as fond of a reserve of as you are, do we look like fools r ] It was not for him to say whether the person who addressed him with a fool, he had a looking glass at home, no doubt, let him go and consult the it (Continued cheering and laughter ). He again urged upon the meeting to consider well the vote it was about to give Mr TIES had thought when he came there that they were all to have a fair hearing for how could they decide unless they did hear it That was what it as dew is B expected from Britons [Interruption, and " Where do you come round "Did you ever see the reserve > ] He was certain that the good BOIIBO of the meeting would be in favour of the resolution which had been so ably moved by Mr Robertson, and which he had much pleasure in seconding Mr. GiouciK TitovrAs desired to ask a question of The chairman If persons had purchased property depending upon the lCBCivo as marked upon the plan with the streets laid down, could those persons properly be deprived of those streets The CHAIRMAN said The question was a difficult one to grapple with in a meeting like the present Some twenty or thirty years ago a reBer of was charged out as a square for public recreation, and it did not show any roads through it (interruption) The reserve was only under promise of dedication, and, indeed, the dedication was not yet complete They were all aware that it remained a wilderness of trees until very lately [A voice " It is nothing better now '] About ten or twelve years ago an application was made to the Government to dedicate 8 acres for a cricket ground, which was acceded to but the description of those eight acres was very loosely done, and it might be inferred from that that those streets ran through But subsequently the Council applied to have the remainder dedicated [A voice Do you say that it was not dedicated until your Council came into existence it was dedicated long before ) They had no grant for it even now (Interruption.) They saw that there was some difficulty, and they saw that as they had spent £350 on the funds voice " Where did you get the money "I they did not get a penny from that gentleman (Cheers and noise ) j A voice " You got it out of the rates ] They did not Seeing that there was some misunderstanding as to whether the streets ran through the TCBorv o or not they thought it better to apply to Parliament for an enactment to bottle the matter They knew that there were a number of breaks about-(great confusion and cheering) and rather than they should waste the people's money- (interruption, and the remainder of the sentence lost in the noise) they did not think it fair to spend money when the property would be destroyed when they done it (Interruption.) He admitted that they had seen some difficulty as to whether the streets were dedicated or not (Interruption.) He was unable to give Mr Thomas a definite answer They had thought it best to go to Parliament, and they got the second reading of the bill carried by a large majority (Noise and confusion ) He would now put The question, after which any person who desired it could address the meeting Mr MUNRO, amid some confusion, was understood to repeat the question already asked by Mr Thomas Mr G R Davis said he had come there to hear what was to be said in favour of closing the streets, and although he had listened patiently he had heard nothing said in favour of such a course (interruption) He claimed to be heard, and he would be heard, or that meeting should not go on (Renewed interruption ) He thought it would have been better taste in Mr Tunks if he had waived his right to preside over that meeting BE being a person interested in the question (Cheers and interruption.) This was a question in which the whole of the municipalities were interested (interruption) He would be heard, and rose for the purpose of moving an amendment He contended that the Corporation of Sydney might just as well attempt to shut up Park-street, as for their Council to shut up these streets. He had read carefully through the whole of the correspondence that had appeared on the subject, as well as the evidence given before the select committee, and he thought it a matter of questionable taste for a person like Mr Tunks, who had an interest in the matter, to thrust himself as chairman of the select committee (Great uproar ) He was of opinion that the subject was not fairly considered before the select committee, and the witness had not been fairly treated Interruption Some of the questions were such as should not have been put to witnesses The report was hustled through the committee, and attempted to be forced upon the House, but although the bill had p said the second reading, it would never become law One of the witnesses was one of the trustees, who had done an illegal act, and sought to be indemnified. [Mr Holtorman hero tried, amid much uproar, to gain a hearing, but failed ] He had been accused of having signed the petition in favour of closing the streets, but if so he had done it in error, and he had since seen his error (Cheers and counter cheers ) From the evidence of one of the witnesses it appeared that the Council wished to shirk the responsibility of making those roads (Renewed interruption) Persons had purchased land from the Government on the understanding that these roads exist, and were they now to be shut off i (" No, No , " " Yes, 2 Yes and uproar ) The amendment he had to move was as follows,-" I that it is the opinion of this meeting the closing of Walker and Carlow Streets in the manner attempted by the trustees of the reserve is undesirable, unnecessary, and inconvenient, and, if sanctioned by the Government would be a breach of faith with those persons who purchased property on the understanding that such roads existed and this meeting desires to record its protest against the attempt being made by certain parties to obtain the sanction of Parliament to indemnify the illegality of their acts in closing Walker and Carlow streets under cover of a legislative enactment to close the said Streets, and that copies of the foregoing resolution be forwarded to the Hon the Colonial Secretary, the Minister of Lands, and, if necessary, to each member of both branches of the Legis lative, OB the sentiments of a large number of the inhabitants and property-holders of the parish ' He desired to point out that there was not one word in the bill to indemnify the trustees for stealing from the public one acre of the reserve. (Cheers, groans, and much confusion Mr. GALE seconded the amendment. Dr. WARD said that he had been charged by Mr. Dibbs with taking a onesided view of the matter. But he found it difficult to take a double view ; although their Friend Mr. Dibbs took a double-sided view, for he had signed petitions both for and against closing the streets. (Uproarious merriment and cheering.) [Mr. Zahel repeated interrup- tions, which were inaudible to the reporters.] He would Answer that very vulgar fraction of a man by and by. (Cheers, and cries of " He's only a tailor.") well, Mr. bilba having changed his opinion in a very short time, who knew but what he would change it again before morning '< As to the roads, be contended strongly that they would if made serve no useful purpose, they would not shorten the route for traffic; and besides the Municipal Council ought not have to maintain more roads than necessary. (Continued cheering, intermingled with ¡ntcrrtJjiííone.) He then referred to misrepresented tions that had been made against Clio bill before Parliament, in the counter petition that had been sent in. The petition stated that, the' loftily would have to take a detour of half a mile", If the streets joy question were not made ; whilst the extra divorce would not be half a yard. The gradients of the roads) have -also? been misrepresented in the petition. And he also thrown by a large plan exhibited to the meeting that a majority of holders of property round the reserve were in favour of closing (the streets, (Dr. Ward was continuously interrupted during his remarks by all kinds of noises, and questionings, one or more of his opponents ascending the platform, to enforce their views upon the meeting.) The CHAIRMAN defended himself against the remarks of Mr. Dibbs, and showed that, so far from thrusting himself forward as chairman of the select committee, he had not occupied that position until seven weeks after the committee was appointed. The question was then out to the meeting, when about twenty-five hands were held up in favour of the amendment, and a large majority against it. The amendment was consequently declared to be lost. The original resolution was then put and carried, there being no hand held up in opposition. The result was received with loud and continued cheering. Three cheers for the chairman concluded the meeting. I 