Joiial STutflliigoncc. Wexljsyax.—By some misdirection the Rev. V. Danne was .announced to preach last Suuday night in the Bega Wesleyan Church. The rev. gentleman was not able to arrive at the time stated, and tele graphed from Bombala oil Tuesday tliat he. would hold his first services in Bega on Sunday next, at 11 a,m, and 7 ]>.m. Flood.—A large quantity of rain fell upon this district from Saturday to Tues day. On Wednesday morning (yesterday) the river was over the banks, and the back water at tlio-bottom of Gipps-street had risen to the corner post of the paddock next to the Beehive store, but was rapidly subsiding at 30 o'clock a,m. Court.—Mr. Ritchie attended the court on Tuesday, but finding no other magis trates present, formally opened the court, and then adjourned the sitting,till Tuesday next. Mr. Wren was unable to attend, and considerately sent in word to the C.P.S. to that effect, thus putting an end to the weariness of waiting in expectation. Although raining " cats und dogs " several suitors were in attendance, and some of the parties had ridden 35 miles to be present, and will have the felicity of re peating the journey next week. So much for law. - Revision of Electoral Bom,.—Tues day, 22nd April. Selections, 10th April, Alexander Robertson," 40 acres, Tantawanglo, ad joining long 40 acrc block; Frederick John Newlyn, 40 acres, Colombo,: on. t Wattle Camp Creek, to include creek: William Leeruon. .10 acres, Narira, Cola golite, ad joining 00 acre selection ; Thomas Brown, 100 acres, Werriberri, adjoining Robert's 40 acres, being portion' selected by George Flanigan, 16th September, 1869, and since abandoned; David Kiss 200 acres, Colombo, adjoining first selec- tion, to include vacant land ; David Wil- liam Kiss, 200 acres, Colombo, (or Mogila) adjoining R. R. Bligh's 320 acres and 40 acres. Cricket under difficulties.—In the teeth of an impending flood the Bega team bravely started for Candelo on Mon- day morning to play a match with the Candelo Club. The field was reached in safety, and Bega went first to the wickets. Play began at noon, but after one innings on each side the continued rain compelled the player to give up the game about 4 o'clock. The score is as follows :— BEGA. J. Seooombe, V H. Wren 3 ; A. M. Castle, b ditto 8 , H. M'Guiness, i> W. \Vrf.n 0 H. Toose st Bateson 1?. Clarke, b H. Wren 0 | C. Aiiilcreun. l ull out 2 S. Brown, b \V, Wren, ct liicbnnls <3 1J. Buckley 1> II AVrcii, ct A. Wren (i ! ,T. Cl.ivke, b :J. Wren 0 11\. troldsu'.iil), not out - Byes 1 | Ley Hyes 1 Vfidcs 2 Total 3j C A N D FLO . 17\. AVrcn, b Buckley ,0 W. Wren, b Si ccombe, ct Anderson 6 A. Wren, b Bucklcy 1 J. Bateson, not out... 33 A, Cook, b Socpombe 2 J Smitli, b Buckley 4 —Cook, b ditto ct Bro»"« .0 D. Keys h ditto ......1 H. liiciiards. fc Seccouibe, ct Buckley , 2 J. Kejs,~b Buckley, ct. Seccjmbe ...5 ..Byes 15 Leg Byes 1 Wides , U Total..: 81 Majority for Candelo 50. A return match will be played in Bega on Queen's Birthday, 24th May. We should not forget to mention that C.indelo hospitably provided a nice luncheon at Peisley's. Lett's Diaiues.—We purpose sending j direct to the.manufacturors for a parcel of • tlje.-Htfxt year's 'edition of these useful! publications. ; Those who wish to obtain j au£ particular edition, not usually to lie ' had in Sydney, wil I do well to leave orders j ibe "Gazette" office duriug the en suing month. Unclaimed Letteus.. — Miss Ellen Adams, .Mrs. Adams, Iiy Cole, G, Ridley (care of 33. C. Clements) Eli.-is Kerber, X. Matlock, D, Mclnnes, M. Perry, J. Polaek F, Spiudler, Louise Spindler, Philip Spindler, Crown Lands —The Government Q-a xettg notifies that the undermentioned per sons will be permitted to purchase, im proved portions of land under tlie 8tli clause of tha Act. Purchase money to be paid by 7tli July, under a penalty of 10 per cent addition to price; or, forfeit of viglit to purchase sifter tlie 7 th October W. D, Tarlington, 41a. 3r, Op., parish Narira; value £42 I5s. 9d, W. D. Tar liuton, 4:2a., Narira j value ,£43. David George and Michael Ryan, each 2 awes, Mericumbene; value in each, case £4. ( The appraised value includes deed fees. Commissioner of Railways.—If any? j one has a fancy for a Government billet oi £800 a year, they are informed that tKfe Secretiary of Works is advertising for £ person .able to produce satisfactory testi monials, of business cajiacity and know ledge of Railway management" to fill the above situation. An Evening with ran Critics,— Happening to be released from the duties of publication night somewhat earlier than usual on Wednesday liist, we found our selves in the School of Arts, and for once sat as a spectator of the. evening's amusement provided by the Debating Club. The sterner delights of parliamen tary discussion were laid aside on that occasion, and " readings and recitations, with criticism thereon " were the order of the evening. If not edified, we were at least amused. But we are. free to confe.'S that w'len edifi a ion (Latin, eedij'ctre, to | build up, strengthen) is aimed at, but amusement only results, something like that ugly word " failure " suggests itself First we listened to the free-love powej-s J of " Young Lochinvnr," as set forth in ! that standard ballad by 'the "great unknown." Ti'i!ie gentleman whose lot; it was tn remind lii.s auditors of theforcible abduction r>i" ti j"fair Ellen," could have cast off forty years of life, yet we duly ' appreciate the dixjec.la memvbo ■ for, as Tommy Moore says :— You may break, yoa imy flintier *J»c rase if J'aii will, But tlie scent of tlie roses will limig round it stiil. We say, if the reciter could have re-juven' ated himself. and replaced the dental appendages of forty years ago, "Young Lochinvav's Ghost"' would not have been so forcibly stirred in its cerements. Withal it was the best essay of the night, (not the ghost, but the recitation.) and escaped without the rude breath of criticism. Next we listened to something about Mahomet. Then came Tom Hood's apostrophe to his srn. Then the William Rykes murder scene from Oliver Twist. Then the Battle of the League, concerning wliich a member naively admitted he had been to that ( moment totally ignorant. Then we had ; what we were told was " Artetnus Ward's experience of census taking." Finally ; " harmony " woke the echoes to the tune ; of fair Rose of Allandale with variations Between the pieces came criticism. Now, j as an outsider, it struck us that, after the ih-st criticism, the performance merged into ljavely concealed personalities, and ; ouv verdict was—"It won't work gentle men." Todd gives an account of two college room companions, close friends, who loved each other so dearly as to be .anxious to correct each the failings of the other. So they agreed to criticise one another's faults. For a time all went " smoothly as a marriage bell." But in a ! very few weeks, without any offence being J specified, they found it necessary to | separate. The dearest friendship could not survive the constant exposure of i individual defects. Such is human nature. | And as we watched color mount into, or recede from the checks of the criticised on Wednesday night, we said to ourselves " You will have to stop, this sort of tiling, or good bye to vour amicable meetings." If the club contained some one pre-eminent for skill in l-lictorical art, some one whose genius commanded spontaneous-admiration, someone capable, by nature and by art, of practising what he preached, the criticism of that distinguished personage might, if carefully given, - be gratefully accepted, and beneficially given, But in a congregation where all entoi-tnin no very decided respect for tlie talents of one, 'tis not in the lmman soul patiently to submit to a process of fault-finding. Especially before an audience. The performer mounts the rostrum, docs his level best, and descends to be boiled down for - the delec tation of a number of strangers ! Joe OreharJ nearly scored a buliseye when he ) said—" I t was a fine arrangement to I discourage the youngsters." Have, recitations if you like, but if you want critiques- thereon, let them be given at tlie next meeting, in writing, anonymously. But to avoid all heai t-burning, our advice is " make your first effort a final one, or the class will come to grief." We have to mention one more item, and our remarks must be taken in a Pickwickian sense. The reader of the Oliver Twist selection, in reply to Ills dose of criticism,- descended to the use of special pleading which deserves mention if only for its palpable favmsparency. " I read it as badly as I could, to provoke criticism," said he. " I i never studied the piece." In either case, assuming the statement correct, we are bound to say this gentleman treated liis olub mates badly. We could talk to him like an uncle, upon tlie badness of such a defence, but we know his conscience will smite him when told of his failure to befog j the vision of the experienced, and if we forgive liim this trausgiession, it is because we hope he is truly penitent, and will I never more thus oflend. The club last night discussed the British Constitution, but we went to press before the debate closed, and could not learn whether Vic toria was to be sent to St. Helena or not. A fair subject for future argument might be—" Is trade favorable to morality?" or, to put it in another shape, " Can a store keeper be an honest- man?" Napoleon the Great stigmatised the British as " a notion of shopkeepersand some of the aristocratically biased intellects of this"; jdisfcrict affect to despise 'i people in trade, you'know therefore '-cugltiitiqn might worthily. be directed to the moral aspect of business transactions, and tjjeir effect «]>on .those engaged in theml-' in the meantime our friends of the Mercantile interest will do 'well to give us" sixteen ounces to our pound of Mocha, and' we .shall be able to quote that in their favor. 