[?] " Of all thes kene conquerours to carpe it were kynde ; Of fell feyghting folk ferly we fyndo, Ye Turnament of Totenham have we in mynde ; It were harm such hardynes were holden behynde. " Turnament of Totenham. HIOn ye auturane of ye yeare 1873, ther was held a ryghte gentil and fulle joyous passage of armes in ye pleasaunte Km R citye of Sydney. Thytlier came ye chosen champvonnes from ye dystryctes and cityes of Newe Southe 18 Wales, toe essaye their prowesse in ye lystes, and to gayne, yf fate so wylled yt, a guerdon fromme ye Mkam rosie-fingered handes of ye peerlesse Juditha, la U>£:ttis I Hewitt' ft frfa Amours, ye Queene offe Bootye and of Spoonis. Ther wer amonge themme gallant gentlemen and craven loonis, stalwart bladis and loblollie nynny- hammers, roysterynge swashbuckleres and cantynge humbugges, long-winded chatter-boxes and tongue-tyed moone-calvis, lynx-eyed schemers and thyck-skulled blunderers. Lyghtly and feately vaulted ye beauteous Juditha into ye quayntly-caparysoned demi-pique saddle that rested upon the backe of ye swyfte Toby. In one daynty hand she held a brazen ; meete pryze for ye brave knyghte who shoulde by hys doughty deedes in armis, approve himselfe ye most egregyous Fyrebrande in ye fray ; upon her cramoysie- tipped snoute wore she a ||afcl0jckef fyttynge reward for ye valorous champyon who should, by ye myghte of hys tongue and ye strengthe of hys lunges, show himself to be j3o»v ayaOog in ye wordy warre. And now, 0 Muses, who dwell wythyn ye Heraldic walls of Hunter-street, — for you are goddesses, and you are presente at alle thynges, and alle thynges know you, and we but read your reports, nor have ourselves seen anythinge of what we aie now about to say, — O Bohea-inspyred Gamp, nymphe most potent in overshadowyng coal-skuttle, most awful in umbrageous umbrella ; O dulcet Malaprop, fell slaughterer of ye Englyshe of ye Queene, breathe now into my soul that dyvynest afflatus and that most poetycke fyre that make to twang and twaddle ye penny e-trum pet of your owne god-gyfted leaders ! O tunefulle Nyne, that of old in sunny Provence and in chivalrycke Suabia taughte troubadour and minne singer to purr ye prayses of high-born dames in meltyng minnelied , and to chronycle the deedes of gallant knyghtes in thryllynge tenzone and in soul-styrrynge sirviente, do you now inspire my lay, that I may hatche a most melodyous egg Great goddess of Bunkum and Hygh-falutin', hear, oh hear my prayer ! First rode into the lystes Sir Hawkyn ye Wyly One. He bore for hys armis a mouse-trappe, wyth a chameleon, and a jerkin or doublet reversed. His creste was a nose, to whyche was applyed a thumbe, and the fyngers of a hande spreadj out starwyse, painted partywyse orange and vert. Motto : " Idem et alter," and " Timeo Danaos et dona." He was yclad in a ryche suit of gold and green coat-armour. iv. PREFACE. Behynde hym curvetted Sir Tin-Brass Alloyed de Novo Castello. On hys shield he bore a bar of soft-soap, a pype extynguished, and a Circular Key. Hys creste was a snow-whyte eravate. Mottoe : " Duty before Decency." He was yclad from hys toppe to hys toe in soft sawder. Next caracoled in ye learned knyghte Sir John of ye Iron Horse. Hys devyce it was a goose-quill blottcmt, wyth a potte-hook. Motto : a yey pa<pa ytypcujxx, and " Workis not wordis." From ye spicy abattoirs and odoriferous glades of ye Glebe glyded the gentle Sir Bl&nchecravate; de Balmayne — meeke as a lyon at a tea-party, bolde as a lamb in war. Hys scutcheon was a Pump its handle : hys creste a tea-pot. Motto : " I am weak, but I dx-aw." Also, " ministro : — ich dien." From ye groves of Blarney and the emerald (Arg) yle trotted De Boteler, skylled in debate. Fi-orn adamantine Mudgee cantered the ImroTa Innes. Theyx-e devyces were the same : a Bar regardant azure. Motto : " A Joust is a Tourney," and rt nor aXXrjv " La Justice c'est un 'Tox-ney : mais pourquoi? " From ye field of Hastynges mai'ched ye gallant Sir Twelvepence le Fabei'. Motto : " I bounce." From ye snowy South hobbled ye doughtye Knyghte of ye Ovens. Hys armys were a dough-trough. Crest : a doe. Motto : " Dough-tart : dotard." From ghost- haunted Kiama gallopped ye lawyex-slayinge Sir Joannis de Pillula. His armys weie a dead lawyer arguant. Crest : a bolus. Motto : " Chi Roma non vede, Roma non crede." Also, " Ne sutor ultra." From golden-glancynge Gulgonge bounced ye blatant Sir David de Bunkum. He bare a Bellowes sujjlicant, wyth a gas-pype flagrant, a payre of sheeres snyppant , and a weathere-cocke gyrant. Cxest : a deceased wife her syster. Motto : "Hand sine flatu," and "Fuimus — we have been." From ye deepe solytudes of Illawarra stalked that " awful selle," ye gloomy Knyghte of ye Skeleton. On hys shieldehe bare a scorpion girte round aboute wyth lyve coales, and an attei'coppe spinnande. Crest : a styngynge nettle. Motto : "I sytte on pynnes." From Camden hopped ye garrulous Sir Tomkyn de Cocklofte. His armys were a bell-clappere tintinnant, a jackdaw chaiterant, and a gingei'-beere bottle Jizzant and poppant. Crest : a Rattle. Motto : " Excelsior." Then gambolled in Sir John ye Honey-tongued. For hys armys he hadde a Bagpype dronant, and a hand-saw raspant. Crest : a whistle, \Iotto : rsTTiystraiv £oikot£q — " -Most like unto locixstes." After him praunced in ye Knyghte of ye Dogge. He wore a tayle-coat, wyth a fryll. Crest : a Pye wyth a fynger therein. Motto : " I meddle and muddle." Last, but notte least, yea rather veraye much ye most, stepped fulle statelie into ye lystes ye stal worth Sir Jacobus de Passeribus. On a field ermine he bare a wigge. Crest : a Bench. Ye guns banged boisterouslie : blatantly blsrred ye thryllynge trumpets: "Largesse! Largesse!" and "a Lloyd ! a Lloyd!" cryed ye Herald: and forth wyth ye joustes beganne. Then dyd those gallant knyghtes so belabour and betrounce and bethumpe eche other with swingeing cuffes and sloggyng thwackes— ye one syde smytyng to ye rygbte and to ye left wyth theire Government Bills, and ye other laynge aboute them wyth their soundvnge Jaw- bones — that ye din and noyse thereof myglite have been heard by a sea-byrde syttynge beside Mount Ex-ebus during a volcano. It was, I wis, a ryghte pleasaunt and merrie syghte for to see ye Wyly One how he " wynnowed ye buxom ayre" wyth his Government Bills, now oversettynge De Bunkum wyth a Crymynal Consolidator (a marvellous strange instrument of war) — now floorynge Sir Tomkyn with a Postage Abolycyoner (a ghastly implement of destructyon) — now knockynge Sir John ye Honey-tongued to ye gi'ounde with a Pacyfycke Route (but here, veiily, a most bellicose and warlike root), and anon throwynge a soppe to Sir J aeobus de Passeinbus, and sendynge him sprawlynge on to a Bench in Kynge Stx-eete, where he sytteth still. After this, he had lyke to have lost ye fyglite, and for a tyme ye scales were nycely balanced : for yc De Boteler was carried away wounded to ye death, and je blatant De Bunkum, chargyng like a Bull of Bashan, tryed to throw ye Wyly One ; but was hymself ignomynyously cast in ye dyxte. This sore battaile lasted for four months, from September to December : diu'ing all whyche tyme ye knyghtes were fyghtynge a outrance. When, seeinge that they were now quite foredone and forespent wytli wearynesse, Kynge Punche thi'ew down hys warder, and ye combat ended. Then eche knyghte came in turne to receive hys pryze. To De Bunkum was given ye Extynguisher and eke ye Padlocke : and to eche of ye others, gyftes were given accordynge to their desei'tes. But ye Kxxyghte of ye Dogge — hys way, sore waymentynge with mekyl Kynge Pxxnch called xxxxto hym hys lyttle forth wythe ranne bly thely away, but came ye Kynge, " Lo, Sire ! ye Pypes have and alt ye back number es of thys yeare of untoe ye fyrste day of May, wyth one been swept away in ye floodis !" "What, Dyde you say alle 1 — Then Ave muste tiny tome from ye poke of hys doxxblet, of ye Dogge before hym, and smylynge him wyth hys he aloxxe had no pxyze : and he went on woe. Ye whyche beholdynge, ye saydc fote-page, and whyspered in hys eare. Who anon backe with a wan face and saydc to bursten and all ye hynder volumes of Punch grace, from ye day of ye new yeare even hundred and, eyghteen pages thereof, have all my pretty vols, at one fell swoope 1 begyxxne a New Sei'ies." So, takynge a Kynge Punch called ye valyant Knyglxt upon hym x-yghte gracioxxslie, px-esented [?] [?] 