AMERICAN GHOSTS, Ghosts mem to have transferred their favor* from tWsubnriu and police coorla of London to a still mare credulous conntry th»h obr ova (ren(&rkl; (Be ?Gloit, and thas proceeds'): la America they are becoming a'daily nuisance, a>nd the colunnof lefcding journals «re continually devoted to chronicling their movemeots. The latest account# apsalt of six notorious coses, ail Cootemporaryand in 'foil force up to date. ' One (a the ghobt of a little toy, with golden hair, and dressed in frtotoo, who is always tanking through the vribdow of a school at NewburypoH/ kept by a certain ' MIbb Perkins, tod frightening her aDd lier pupils out of tuch wita aa they may have among them. A second ia the cms of . Mies Clementine Jonefl, of Lan siagburg, who is victimised by the yelling of unaccountable vulcep, the Bound of foot steps, and, to general, by the "ebadow of mystery;" whatever ;that may rtesfi. A third ghost ia a young Tvomau who haunts the driver sif.'tbs engine?! Von. Moltte," on itiS '8yra?fW Blngh MnptoS Hsijway, '"A "tnyatetioui voice proclaiming the pre sense of the epectre on the engine" heard all the way to 'Marathon-not, wo tnnal asanme,f the Marathon of claaeic memory. The driver alone Sees her, but the guard once heard theBe awful word*, " Now, Hilly, 1 have got yon, and will throw you Into the water." After this both guard and drirer refused la ran Vua Mollke any more, and their places were supplied by other men. Ghost tiember fonr in a human heart, svjilcb visitb a house In Virginia, with glaring eyes, a throat cot from ear to ear, and altering cries for " Blood.'' The owner of the house is'nid to have bflered to sell it, ghost and all.fjr half ila Value. -But the fifth is the moat wooderful «f all-it Is the ghost of. a railway eni^nG, raunlogjrt Jfowark on the lOiltof every tnontli, wWj&HiBU;«l punclu aiity, ajt 12 u'clock, p.ffiT^Six hundred people actually fathered together on the last occasion^ and, though itjpy s«w nothing, 1 Itexrd a moat uni!il«Ul;eabfe wbislls at the proper hour. Lselly, Mr. Charles Dickens ii dictating to a tomoositor the continuation; of "Edwin Drond." All tli»ae canca rest on "the'beat authority," Wonderful things happen In America; and perhaps not the least wonderful thing Ullietireat Republic's S»lf-J>loti6citlon od its being free from the woniioA superstitions of var creduloot Old TfTsHd. * 