VICTORIA. ST. PATRICK'S DAY, 1S73. ... MELBOU11NK. At an early hour of the day it was very evi dent that the Irish people in Melbourne aid in the suburbs intended to give themselves up heartily to the celebration of the National Festival. And it was celebrated tirst of all in the best of all possible ways, by a religious ibservanco of the day. There were aeveral Masses at the principal churches, and these wer« all well attended, as on Sunday. At St. Patrick's Cathedral, at 10 o'clock, tl^ere was Pontifical High Mass, and the Her; D. F. Barry preached the panegyric of the Patron Saint of ? Ireland, who is also the Patron of this Diocese. At the 11 o'clock Mass, at St. Francis', the Eev. W. Kelly preached a sermoa appropriate to the day, and aa it had been previously announced bhat the reverend gentleman would do so, the congregation was of course very large. About ten o'clock, when people generally began to come abroad, the prevalence of green was very remarkable, even more remarkable, it was said by many, than on any previous celebration of the ceremony. From the particulars which follow it will be seen that several branches of the H A.C.B.S. around town joined in the open-air demonstration, which consisted of a procession through the town, and sports and games, &c;, in the Friendly Societies' Reserve, where between eight and ten thousand people were assembled, and where good order and1 decorum were observed throughout the day. The absence of drunkenness was, we rejoice to say, remarkable. Before proceeding to a more particular description of the anniversary celebrao tion, we have only to mention that the Hod» Captain MacMahon was prevented by a death in his family from attending the ball and supper at St. Patrick's Hall in the evening, at which his presence as a gueBt had been expected. When this explanation of the hon. gentleman's absence was given, it wa8 apparent that had he been present he would have received a very cor dial welcome. PROFESSION. The procession started from Spring street at a quarter-past eleven, under the direction of Mro S. V. Winter, as grand marshal, andMersra. Mo Hood and E, L. Nolan, as assistant marshals. In the following order it then proceeded down Bourke-street, along Elizabeth- street, up Collins street, down Spring-street, and along Richmond, road to the Friend 'y Societies' Gardens. A magnificent Harp tastefully ornamented, and the St. Patrick's Society's Banner, supported by four Members of the Society, in a handsomely decorated carriage drawn by four splendid Grey Horses. Stoneham's Military Band in uniform. The Members of St. Patrick's Society, in their handsome Green Regalia. The gorgeous Banner of the Melbourne District of the Hibernian Australasian vmuuuu -ucueut oouiecy, supported, by Members in a carriage drawn by four Grey Horses. St. Francis' Band in their uniform of Green and Gold. Eighteen Branches of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society in order. , The rear of the procession was brought up by a long line of cabs conveying passengers (prin cipally members of the fair sex) to the grounds. Several thousand persons accompanied ? the pro cession on the foothpaths. The procession as it passedidown|Bourke-street presented an imposing; sight, nearly every window was raised to view it as it passed. As the procession turned the corner of the Treasury it was fully half a mile long, and, considering that the members walked three abreast, it was the largest ever sean in the streets of Melbourne. THE GARDENS. On arrival at the Gardens the members of the procession took off their regalia and the sport of the day commenced. The ground was thronged in every part by a respectable and well dressed crowd, apparently bent on thoroughly enjoyirg themselves. The leading Irish citi zens were present. The centre of attraction waa of course the ring where the sports were to take place. Nevertheless, there were other amusements, such as mflrry-go-rounds, dancing on the greeD, and the platforms where the sons and daughters of Hibernia featly tripped it to the inspiriting airs of their native Green Isle, discoursed by the lively violin. Some little difficulty was at first experienced in clearing the course, but by a little mild persuasion by the police, aided by the blandishments of the officers of the Societies, soon had the desired efft ct. The St. Francis' and Stoneham's bands enlivened the proceedings with selections ot music suitable to the occasion, and added in no inconsiderable degree to the day's enjoyment. The Sports committee, Messrs. O'Meara, Joyce, Stone, and Larkin, deserve groat praise for the manner in which they discharged their duties. THE BALL AND SUPPER. The ball aud supper took place in the evening, in, we may say, the new St. Patrick's Hall, and was quite aa successful as on previous occasions, About 300 ladies and gentlemen attended. At 10 o'clock the company adjourned to the lower room for supper. Mr. Martin Hood, President of the St. Patrick's Society, occupied the chair and had on his right Sir C. Gavan Duffy* M.L.A., Mr. G. D. Macartney, LL D., Mr. J Curtain, M.L.A., and Mr. J. Whitemanl M.L.A., and on bis left the Hon. M. O'Gradv M.L.A., Mr. P. O'Brien, .1. P., Mr. T. O'Brien solicitor, and Cr. Carroll, J.P., Hotham. ' Sir C. G. Duffy on entering the room was received with loud and long-continued cheers. During the supper an Irish piper discoursed the music of his instrument on the platform where the principal table was laid. After the cloth had been removed, the Presz. dent 'gave the toast of ' Her Majesty the Queen,' which was enthusiastically drunk. The next toast wa3that of 4I His Royal Highnese the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family,' which was given by the President, and also cordially drunk. The President then pro posed the toast of ' His Excellency the Acting 'Governor,' whom he characterised as a warm hearted Irishman. 'The President next proposed the toast of 'The Parliament of Victoria.' Mr. Curtain, M.L.A., responded. Iu the ?course of his speech Mr. Curtain said that the present Parliament would have deserved the veneration of future ages had it not made one ifatal mistake— namely, that of discarding Sir 'Charles Gavan Duffy. (Great cheers). Parlia ment would never again secure the services of a man. equal in ability and integrity to Sir Charles Duffy. (Hear, hear). Sir Charles was a man capable of steering the destinies not only of a ?colony, but of a nation, and in losing his services the colony of Victoria had suffered a misfortune. (Applause). He had rescued the colony from a species of government which would have de generated into a sort of parish vestryis«n if ?allowed to continue (applause). The President then gave the toast of 'Our ^Native Land,' coupling with it 'The Day we celebrate.' He said that if Ireland had only given a resting-place to the bones of our ancestors, it would have a strong claim upon us. But it had given birth to men pre-eminent in every walk of life — in literature, science, and politics — some of whom had been thrown upon ?our own shores. One of them was a gentleman present, to whom he hoped Providence would ac cord a long life for the exercise of further val uable exertion. The Hon. M. O'Grady, who replied to the toast, was, upon rising, greeted with long con tinued applause. The hon. gentleman spoke ?extemporaneously and at considerable length, and the truly patriotic sentiments by which his address was adorned were heartily ap plauded. Sir Gavan Duffy, in answer to repeated calls, also rose to reply, and was received with loud ?cheers. He said : Ladies and gentlemen — I have travelled a long journey today under a very ungenial sky, and I asked to be excused from speaking, but I confess when I heard the pleaBaut Irish voices I could not resist your call. It is forbidden to talk politics here, but I ven^ ture to say that it is a pleasant memory to me that once a year, at this end of Bourke-streefc, ?whatever mistakes they may make at the great House at the other end —(applause) — here I am quite certain of meeting friends who are not -changed by any political circumstances ; whose kindness 'is still the same whether we win -ev lose the game.' (Hear, hear.) When I last met you here, twelve months ago, I was re turning from a tour in which the chief districts in this country had given such en thusiastic support to the Administration with *which I was connected as seemed to promise it a long life. (Hear, hear.) I meet you now, not merely fallen from power, but I am assured by ?certain well informed journals that I am actually politically dead and buried. (Laughter and ? cheers.) I can only say that if I be so, you have given my ghost such a very pleasant reception — {laughter ) — that I have determined once a year, on the 17fch March, near the dread hour of mid night, to ' appear' in St. Patrick's Hall like Banquo in the middle of the festival. I recently read a very strange story in one of the same well informed journals, announcing that, in point of fact, I was shortly going home to be Minister for Ireland. I may say, by the way, that that is a strange miesioa to give a dead man. (Laughter.) 1 am very sorry to iuform you that I have not at present received any official intimation of the fact. (Renewed laughter.) But t may say this, that if it be intended that the Irish Minister shall be responsible to an Irish Parliament, I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. The latest news i3 that, like a young lady ?who has become a bride, I have been changing my name ; and as this news, unlike the rest, is mot a fiction, I owe it to friends whom I see here to fcell them something of that metamorpho sis. I ceased to be the Chief Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me that the Secre tary of State for the Colonies had instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of the ?Order of St. Michael and George would be ac ceptable to me? Let me say with reBpect to Lord Canterbury, that in all our political or social intercourse he treated me with a constant courtesy, frankness, and consideration, for which I must always remain his debtor. But Sie had refused to dissolve Parliament when I considered I had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as soon as the papers connected with that transaction could have been laid before the Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible, and even probable, that Loi\l Kimber ley meant to intimate that he did not think I had received the support I was entitled to from the representative of the Crown on that occa sion^ (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless, though that conviction was very gratifying to me, I respect fully declined the proffered honour. (A voioe : ' Quite right ') Shortly afterwards Lord Can terbury did me the favour to address another letter to me, asking whether I would accept a knighthood? Upon that question there was the very strongest feeling among two sections of my friends. My own countrymen were of opi nion that baviug been four times a ?Calinet Miuisttr, and having been among the first men of my race and creed who had won that distinction in any British com munity since the Revolution, 1 was bound to ac cept this permanent testimony that I had per ?formed the duties 1 undertook with integrity -and discretion. And some English and Scotch friends to whom I owed constant and steadfast supj-oit in public life urged that if I declined it the very persons who were bursting with spite and disappointment that the honour had Ibeen proffered to me would misrepresent my i refusal, and use it to provoke, and if possible to alienate, ray English and Scottish friends. i I accepted, and I have received letters of con gratulation from every section of this com munity ; and 1 am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction at the congratulations of re presentative men among the Protestant demo cracy, who gave me such penerous support when I was last in office, or the congratulations of Irishmen w'ho would have renounced and re pudiated me if I had accepted any distinction on the terms of forgetting my allegiance to my native country. (Hear, hear.) 1 may remind you that when the present Mr. Justice Fellows levelled a vote of want of confidence against the Government, I told him that I would not desert the fortunes of my native country for anything that Parliament or sovereign could give or take away. (Applause.) And now there has been enough of personal themes. I will only add that though I was recruiting my health far away from the capital, aud little disposed to quit the seaside, till I left it ia restored vigour, I could nor resist the wishes of the committee of the St. Patrick's Society that I should come here to night. They insisted that the exertion would do me no injury ; and they were right, for the breath of the ocean itself is not so refreshing to me as the dear familiar music of aa Irish wel come. (Loud applause.) The next toast was 'Our adopted country.' Mr. S. V. Winter responded to the toast. Dr. Macartney proposed the toast of Sb. Patrick's Society.' Mr. John Rowan respon ded. Toasts to kindred Bocieties, the Ladies and the Press followed. A MINISTER OF THE CROWN SUPPORTING DENOMINATIONAL EDUCATION. How is ib that the Jews, and Mr. Cohen him self, a member of the Administration by whom the Education Act was passed, have escaped the censure of the Melbourne morning papers ? Should that which is in Catholics deemed an offence deserving of censure, be condoned in the case of Jews ? If a Catholic priest musb be censured for his advocacy of Catholic schools and his support of Denominational Education, ' should a Minister of the Crown, who is a warm I advocate of the Secular system, and who has ' done precisely what the Catholic priest did, be ' allowed to escape altogether without blame ? ' The Australian Israelite reports that by a major- ' ity of about sixty to six at one of the best meet- ' ings ever held by the Jewish community in this \ city, it was decided that a distinct Jewish \ school ought to be maintained ; that for the Jew, as such, there can be no education withont reli- \ gion, and that religion and the Hebrew language must be taught hand in hand. The Hon. E. \ Cohen, the chairman, in returning thanks, L availed himeelf of the opportunity of stating c that it was quite proper for Jews to wish for a ) distinct school, and it was quite proper that they should have it. Now this is demanding more £ than the Catholics claim ; they do not require s that either the Latin or the Italian language J shall be taught in their schools. They say, ( with the Jew that 'there can be no education s without religion, ' and not a word is said against £ him, whilst they are assailed on all sides. — Ad- vocatt. c SIR C. G. DUFF? AND THE 'ARGUS.' ^ The old sayirg, 'that you have to travel far * before yoa can get news from home,' is verified ^ in the case of the 'Manager of the London office' of The Argus newspaper. The Editor of * the (London) Spectator having commented severely ' on one of the last dropping discharges ° of its (7 he Argus) violent and uncandid political attacks on Mr. Duffy,' the Manager of The J~ Argus London office wrote in reply : — J ' Indeed it is the opinion of many colonists ( who have closely watched Mr. Duffy's career dur- \ ing the last two years, that he is very largely in ^j debted to the liberality of 2 he Argus managers for the publicity which has invariably been given E both to his Parliamentary speeches and his after dinner orations, as well as for the impartiality v displayed in dealing with all documents bearing r on the crisis. So far from pursuing a policy of * suppression towards the ex-Premier, The Argus * might with much more propriety be accused of * a system of puffing.' s If the treatment accorded the Duffy Adminis- J tration by The Argus is considered by the con- , ductors of that disingenuous journal to be a System of Puffing ! what must their hostility * be ? But let the Spectator, of January 11th last, v nail the rap to the counter : — r [What we complained of was precisely this — s that in the 'summary for Europe,' to which l we referred, Ihe Argus virtually suppressed Mr. * Duffy's minute, giving exactly fifteen lines out t of six pages of it, while of Viscount Canterbury's * minute in reply, it gave ihe whole, which was all c but three pages iu length— and devoted a leading £ article to praisiug the minute it had quoted, and £ deprecating the minute it had suppressed. Is * that fair play? -Ed. Spectator.] * ? I Catholic — We {Duobo Dispatch), understand ' a tender has been accepted for the roofing aud J completion of the Catholic Church at Dubbo. J WorK is to be commenced at once. We may say A a considerable sum of money has recently been - collected by Father Chastagnon towards the f buildiag fund. A collection was made some - months ago, and again last Sunday in the Ca- J tholic Charch, Dubbo, in aid of the Diocesau ] Fund for the Education of Clergymen. We ' are not aware how much was subscribed. J St. Mauy's Organ Fund.— On Easter Mon day next, a grand fete in aid of Sr. Mary's Organ 1 Fund, is announced to take place in the grounds i attached to the Asylum for Imbeciles. The ; nature of the entertainment is not yet stated ; i but particulars will be published ia a future t issue. We (Newcastle Pilot) are informed, how- ] ever, that nothing will be wanting to ensure a i day 's excellent sport. Judging from past efforts, I 1 the affair will be well worthy of the liberal I - patronage that will no doubt be bestowed upon 1 ( I it. | , I Catholic Picnic— By advertisement (sayi I the Yass Courier) it will be seen that a Catholii picnic and athletic sports and a ball are to tak place at Yass on Easter Monday. The Oddfel lows' brass band has been engaged for the da] and night. St._ Patrick's Day at Albury— Owing t- the circumstance of the nomination day for tbi election, tailing on the 17th inst. (reports tb- Manner) the attendance of visitors a5 the sport* in Crisp's paddock arranged under the auspices of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society, was not quite so numerous as migbi have been expeeted. Those, however, who were present appeared to enjoy themselvei thoroughly. About 11 o'clock, the brethren oi the order, to the number of about 70, marched out in full regalia, preceded by the fife and drum band, and on arriving at the ground, commenced the programme of sports which had been an nounced. Everything passed off pleasantly, a_d a very nice afternoon's amusement was enjoyed. Concert.— The concert (says the Burrangong Argus) iu aid of the Roman Catholic School Building Fund was held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday evening. There was a good house, the front seats being crowded, although there was spare room in the back seats. The opening piece was the overture on the piano, from Semiramide, a piece of difficult execution, but which was beautifully played by Mrs. Scott, of Burrowa. The 'Larboard -Vatch' duet was next sung by Mrs. and Mr. Wallis ; the execution of the piece was in every respect per fect, and the effect, judging from the hearty plaudits of the audience, was most pleasing. The same lady subsequently give the duet 'O'er the Hill, O'er the Dale,'' with Miss Bloomfield, which was also warmly applauded, and the latter sung very sweetly the solo, 'Yesterday.' Miss Rose Quail and Mr. Bennett sung that fine old duet, 'The Minute Gun at Sea,' and in reply to an encore gave the dueS ' Flow on thou shining river.' Mrs. Scott played and sung 'The Captive Greek Girl,' and was much applauded. ' 1 know* a Bank' was beautifully rendered by Mrs. Gate and Mr. Allan, who, in reply to a rapturous sneore, repeated the latter part. Mr. Best, who possesses a fine baritone voice, gave .' The Queen's Letter, ' which received a well merited encore, when the last verse was repeated. The same gentleman subsequently gave with pleasing iffeet, the solo, ' Will-'o-the Wisp.' The Jongs, 'In Happy Moments, and 'The Min (trel boy,' were prettily rendered by Miss Vlatthews, as also was 'Come where the Moon jeams linger,' by Miss Ward. The kbfcer lady it a subsequent portion of the evening gave ?The Blind Girl to her Harp,' which was re leived with loud demonstration of applause. Hiss Forin sung ' Kathleen Aroon,' and subse quently ' Home, Sweet Home J' both of which vere applauded. Miss Eason and Mr. Bloom ield gave the duet, ' Fanny Grey.' The per onation by the lady was admirably done, ,ud the piece was loudly encored, in reply to phich the last verse was repeated. Mr. 3oombes, in his happy manner, sung ' K C B.' ind in reply to a hearty encore, and by request, ;ave 'Betsy Waring.' Mrs. Gate and Mr. Jenuett gave the ABC duet, which was re eived with strong demonstrations of pleasure, .'lie singing of the National Anthem terminated he entertainment. The accompaniments were ery well played by Mesdames Scott and Clliott, both ladies proving themselves to be ccomplished pianists. The entertainment was liversified by some of the clever Bleight of hand f Dr. Barnett, the Wizard of the South. Mutbilly. — A correspondent to the Southern Ircjus, writing on Friday, March 21, says : —It is rith feelings of deep regret that I have to in orm you of the melancholy death of Eliza A.nn Juinn, daughter of Mr. and xMrs. Martin Quinn, finch took place at Mutbilly on Monday evening, larch 17th, at about 9 o'clock. For some time iast she had. been labouring under the effects of aw fever, but was unwilling to take to her bed intil she was reluctantly compelled about a fort light before her death. What make3 the case nore ead is that five yeai-3 ago, on the 10th larch, 1SGS, a brother of deceased (Martin ienry Quinn) expired from the effects of the ame dreadful malady; and hia remains now ie in tbe Catholic burial ground at Goulburn. ?he fuueral of Miss Quinn, which was a very arge one considering the distance to be travelled, 9 miles, showed the high esteem in which she cas held ; it started about S o'clock in the uornihg and proceeded on its way to Goulburn ?s far as Horton's public-house, where it was net by the hearse, and from thence it was aken to the churchyard, where it was met by he Revds. Fathers Slattery and Dwyer, who lerformed the funeral obsequies. Deceased was ?nly twenty-five years of age, and beloved by ill ; she leaves an affectionate father, brothers, md sisters, besides a very large circle of friends, 10 mourn her untimely departure. Well may ihose few lines be applied in this caBe ? But who, when we are turned to clay, shall duly to her grave repair, ^nd pluck the rugged moss away, ^?nd weeds that have no business there ? _nd who with pious hands shall bring The flowers she cherished— snowdrops cold Ind violets that unheeded spring ? Co scatter o'er her hallowed mound ? ^-Qd who, while memory loves to dwell Jpon her name for ever dear, Shall feel his heart with passion swell, ^.nd drop the bitter, bitter tear ? Mr. Moody. -Mr. Moody, the traffic manager, wa i been making awful disclosures in railway natters According to him, our system of man [fTT 18.rotten but looking ovei 'his evidence, nd after sifting all the tremendous, indignation Si1!? ySrtUOU8 ne^papers, I am strongly .aminded of the apprentice boy who put all hi^ SteMW1? V\r iad' °n t0 hi3 tool ? I iigmhed and independent officer-the Gentlemen -f whom he complains would not try the ^ame 3n with him. His tale is a quee. on?, and those s may believe it who like ; tor my part I . scarcely imagine a good officer, making such e complaint, the people of whom he complain!! \- must have had a very small idea of his abilities f or lirmnes?, they would scarcely have tried t ^erve Mr. W hi .ton orMr.Rae so ; but, perliann 0 they know their mark. If Mr. Moody has been e so Jong weighed down by the conscientiousneon _ of the ha 1 state of affairs, why did he not raakZ 1 a complaint instead of having all these ' painful * disclosures' dragged out of him by a select com ; mittee. Would the people or parliament of jSfe» ; South Wales ltt Mr. Moody get the sack he Z ) horribly dreads had he made a voluntary din 3 closure? Hardly. We want officers in such : positions who have no fear of any pressure bv [ ministers or members ; but after all I believe that i the gallant Moody has imported into the rail. way the :-aanners and custom of another equallv necessary, but scarcely so highly respected a branch of the civil service (the detecive force) merely exhibits an amount of very natural __._. ' picion and distrust. Hence the ' disclosures.1' . — Western Independent. A Nuisance. — Law- makers should not be law . breakers, says the adage, but it is one tbat is valueless in thia country ; it is often contracted : by our M.P.'s Only tins week a poor woman complained at our office that some people in the employ of Edmund Webb, Eaq., M.L.A., had, dragged a dead horse from the Western Storea to the road leading to Poor Man's Hollow, right in the way of her children, passing to and from the town .and to school. Certainly Mr. Webb was not there, but then he is busy at present turning the Assembly chamber into a dormitory. If it had been the recess the honorable gentle man might have joined in. — Western Independent. r The Elective Uppek Hou.se.— The New Zealand Independent remarks upon this measure that 'It is nigh time a similar step was taken in New Zealand and the Government should profit by the example of the Australian coloniea and make the U^per House more popular and more useful than it now is.' LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ? » Monday. Mr. Paek.es stated, in ansAver to Mr. Burns that it was the intention of the Government t» bring the matter of the mail service via Saa Francisco before Parliament during the present session. The Angora Goats Protection Bill was read a third time, passed, and ordered to be forwarded to the Legislative Council for its concurrence. Mr. Parkes laid on the table returns moved for by Mr. Jacob in reference to the Raymond Terrace Bench, which were ordered to bet printed. Mr. Stewart presented a petition from cer tain residents of North Shore against the Walker and Carlow streets Enclosure Bill. Mr. Lloyd moved the second reading of the Postage Stamp Extension Bill, the object of which was to make postage stamps available for purposes of the Stamp Acts. Mr. Forster, remarked that this measure had been forced upon the Government by the hon; member for Canterbury (Mr. Lucas), who waa faiily entitled to any credit that might accrue from its introduction. He had no objection to the bill. Mr. Fitzpatrick and Mr. Raphael supported the bill which was read a second time, without division, and the House went into committee to consider it in detail. The clauses were verbally awarded, and tho blank for commencement of the Act was filled up by the insertion of the 1st May, 1S73. The bill was then reported with ainendmenta' and the report was adopted. Mr. Lloyd moved the second reading of the Navigation Act Amendment Bill, which he sard was intended to amend the Act of 1S71 in some particulars. The bill would remove the disabili ties under which some parties labored through their being deprived of the privilege of voting as shipowners when their interests were vested it companies, and it would also amend the law ia other respects, as experience had shown to be necessary. After remarks from Mr. Tunics, Mr. Fobstek, and Mr. Inxes, the bill was read a second time, without division, and committed. Clause 11 wa3 slightly amended, and the penalty uuder clause 15 waa reduced frooi £20 to £10. The bill was then reported with amendment-, and the report was adopted. The House then went into committee to caa sider a resolution affirming the desirability of in troducing a bill to abolish the collection of th» tonnage duties at the ports or harbours of the Hunter, Newcastle, Morpeth, WolloDgong, and Kiama. The resolution was debated at great length, ita opponents taking exception chiefly to the repeal of the duties at Newcastle. The resolution was at last put and carried by 24 to 7, and reported. The report was adopted and the bill was introduced and read a tirsb time. Mr. Parkes moved the adoption of there port on the Legislative Council Bill whereupon Mr. Farxell moved the recommittal of the bill for the reconsideration of clauses o and 0. The amendment was agreed to, and the House accordingly went into committee. Clause 5 was amended by the substitution of the new names for the electoral provinces. Clause d was amended by the qualification ot electors being described in full, instead of by re ference to the provisions of the Electoral Act. The amendments were reported, and the adop tiod of the report was fixed for Tuesday. . Mr. Forstrr notified that it wa_ his intention. again to move the recommittal of the bill for tne further consideration of clause 39 relating to tne powers of the Legislative Conncil,to which Mr. Pahkes said he would have no ot-jection. The House then again went into committee on the Friendly Societies' Bill. A new clause, moved by Mr. Burns, authorising the ^e818i:'f . to charge fees for hia certificates and awarub -under the Act, and limiting their amount, was agThe bili was then reported with amendments, and the report was adopted. ana Tuesday. Ministers stated in answer to questions :— 1. That tenders had been accepted for the repairs ?to the Telegraph Office at Yass, and that the ?work would be entered upon without delay. 2. That ten thousand pounds worth of the new silver coin, imported from England, had been ?oaid away to the banks, and that the remaining forty thousand pounds worth was in the hands -of the Government. Mr .Lackey presented a petition from the .municipality of Liverpool, in favour of the Municipalities Act being amended. ! Mr. Nelson gave notice of his intention to «Bk for leave fco introduce a bill to abolish tolls ,on the Public Roads of the colony, and Mr. Buens gave notice of his intention to ask for leave to introduce a bill to amend the law in re ference to Patents. ? On the motion of Mr. Tunks, the order of the .day for the consideration in committee of the Municipalities Act Amendment Bill, was re stored to the paper and was made an order of ?4he day for Friday, the 4th April. On the motion of Mr. Stewart, the petition presented on the previous day from residents of North Shore against the Walker and Carlow streets Enclosure Bill, was ordered to be prin tfied. The Postage Stamps Extension Bill, the Navi gation Act Amendment Bill, and the Friendly Societies' Bill, were severally read a third time, passed, and ordered to be forwarded to the ?legislative Council for its concurrence. Captain Onslow moved for a copy of the re tport of Mr. HufFer, the inspector for the district of JBathurst, on the Grenfell school, and ex plained that he wished for the report to ascer tain how it came to pass that the Council of 'Education unanimously granted the certificate ?which it had previously unanimously refused. Mr. Pakkes moved, as an amendment, in .order that the House might have a complete 'history of the Grenfell school case, that a return be made of alltbe reports, minutes, and corres pondence from the 7th December to the present Mr. Stewart said that the Grenfell school case showed that the Public Schools Act could fee worked either for denominational or secular -education purposes, according to the will of the -Conncil of Education. . Mr. Fobster contended that most of the diffi culties which had occurred in connection with Vaa Public Schools Act were due to the presence of Ministers of the Crown in the Council of Education, and that the Board should be uncon nected with politics. Captain Okslow accepted the amendment, which was put and agreed to. Mr. Burns brought up the report of the ?.select committee on the Underwood Estate Bill, which, together with the minutes of evidence was ordered to be printed. Mr. Fitzpatrick moved for returns relating to the meetings of the Standing Orders Commit ?tee during the present session, and, in doing so, .said that the committee had not given its atten tion to the resolutions of the House, which were ^passed with the object of improving the accom modation of the Chamber. Mr.vOAKES complained of the indifference dis played by the Standing Orders Committee to the remonstrances of somehon. members against the present arrangements of the Chamber. Mr. Garrett moved, as an addition to the motion, that a new Standing Orders Committee be at once elected. After a debate on the question as to whether the amendment was in order, and remarks from Mr. Parkes and Mr. Stewart, the amendment was withdrawn, and the original motion was ?agreed to. The returns were immediately thereafter laid on the table by Mr. Speaker, and were ordered to be printed. Mr. Wtlliam Hay moved the adjournment ?of the House for the purpose of directing at tention to the refusal of Mr. Speaker to autho rise the payment of the expenses of four wit BeBBess from Victoria, summoned and examined by the Select Committee appointed to inquire into and report upon the Customs seizure of /goods at Mulwalla. Mr. Speaker quoted the 46th standing order, in seference to the expenses of witnesses, which ne thought, only authorised payment for wit nesses employed by select committees. Mr. Parkes concurred in the opinion of the ton. the Speaker on the meaning to be attached to the standing order, and suggested that the aon. member for the Murray (Mr. Hay) might have the amounts required for the witnesses «?m Victoria authorised by a special vote of the After some further debate the motion for the ??adjournment was put and negatived ; and Mr. -May gave notice of a resolution for the pay ment ot the witnesses in question. The motion of Mr. Tunks for referring to a select committee for inquiry and report, the ^estlon. °i transferring to the Municipalities ine publicans' and other license fees, was carried i»y-4to G, and the committee, consisting of Mr. Parkes, Mr. Tunks, Mr. De Salis, Mr. ?Burns, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Abbott, Mr. Macin tosh, Mr. Baker, Mr. Cunneen, and Mr. Fitz Patrick, was chosen by ballot. On the motion of Mr. Driver, the Sydney sewerage Act Amendment Bill was approved in Ummittee of the Whole, reported, and the re port was adopted. The bill was subsequently brought up and read a arst time. Swi ^UVER moved the second reading of the of\r,vyu ODQmon Tmprovement Act, the obiect '»w * ^aS t0 enable the Corporation to bor aey Common' SUm for the imProveme^ of Syd Coftehmni°n of Mr' Macintosh, the de. 'J on the bill was adjourned for a week. ?!JheSvrSAI-H^EIj moved the 8econd reading of 6 &ydaey; Corporation Act Amendment Bill, which was intended to confer upon the citizens the power of electing the Mayor, Mr. Butler moved the adjournment of the debate for a week, which was agreed to. Mr. Burns moved the second reading of the Scotch Church Bill, which was desired by the elders and congregation of the Church, to enable them to sell certain land to pay off, before the retirement of the Rev. Dr. Lang from the pas torate, a debt due on the church. The bill was read a second time, passed throueh committee without amendment, and reported. The House then adjourned till next day. Wednesday. Ministers stated in answer to questions : — 1. That an allowance of 2 per cent, was made to Government land agents on all deposit moneys, but that the payments were in no case to exceed £150 per annum. 2. That it was estimated the Solferino gold-field was within an area of 200 square miles. 3. That £1340 had been reeeived for rent of auriferous lands in the district of Solferino. On the Order of the Day being read for the adoption of the report on the Legislative Council Bill, Mr. Forster moved that the bill be recom mitted, with a view to the 39th clause relating to the powers of the Council in respect of Money Bills being reconsidered. The restriction was unnecessary as the origination of Money Bills must proceed from the Crown, and the power would therefore always be practically in the hands of Ministers, and he believed that the Council would eventually succeed in asserting its right to be placed on an equality with the Assembly. Mr. Parkes said there was a similar clause in the Victorian Act, and it was not considered to be at all degrading to the Legislative Council of that colony, and it could not be argued that it would be for the good of the country to ? allow both!Houses to exercise equal powers in reference to Money Bills. The difference between the two Houses was more wide than was supposed by the member for lllawarra, as the Council would represent larger districts, and. would not be liable to dissolution. Mr. Robertson, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Cap tain' Onslow supported the clause. The report was then put and adopted by 29 to 4, Mr. Parkes then moved that the third read ing of the bill be made an order of the day for Thursday. Mr. Robertson moved as an amondment, that the third reading be fixed for Monday. The amendment was negatived by 19 to 10, and the original motion was carried. Mr. Parkes moved the second reading of the Superannuation Act Repeal Bill, which, he said, had received great consideration from the Government, the members of which were opposed to the principle of granting pensions, and who thought that this bill would provide as equitable a settlement of all claims under the old law as could be devised. It appeared to the Government that to do adequate justice, the payment at once of Ll35,000 would be necessary, and that Lll,852 13s. Sd. per annum would be required during the lives of the present pen sioners. The total amount contributed from the Consolidated Revenue towards the Superannua tion Fund was L20,000. The amount paid through deduction from the salaries of Civil servants was L79,255 2s. l-?.f and L3959 12s. Id. had accrued to the fund through interest. The total payments to the fund amounted to L1O3,214 14s. 2d., and the disbursements amounted to L102.598 2s. Gd., leaving a balance in hand on the 30th November last, of L616 11s, 8d. There were, however, arrears of pensions and gratuities which on the 28th February last stood at L36, 127 16s . Sd. The bill enacted that the arrears should be paid in full, the reduction of pensions to the Imperial rates, and the leturn of the deductions with 5 per cent, added to the members of the Civil Service whose interest in the fund would cease with the passing of the Act. It was proposed to borrow the L135,000, and to pay it off in equal instalments extending over ten years. The second reading was supported by Mr. Forster, Mr. 3. C. Brown, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Coombes, and Mr. Robertson, and opposed by Captain Onslow, Mr. Hoskins, Mr. Burns, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Webb, Mr. Baker, and carried by a majority of 22 to 6. Thursday. | Ministers, in reply to questions, stated that volunteers enrolled since 1868, were entitled to their land order, and that a local officer had been directed to report a new species of cattle disease said to have broken out in the Gwydir district. Mr. Parkes gave notice of his intention on Mon day next to ask the House to consider the ex pediency of bringing in a bill to suspend the collection of the Border duties. Mr. Lloyd moved the third reading of the Legislative Council Bill. He censured in strong terms the factious opposition of Messrs. Garrett and Onslow, the former of whom had made 65 speeches and the latter 47 against the measure. Captain Oaslow— Mr. Nowlan who talked against time to prove he said he was not a dummy, Mr. Macleay and Mr. Hoskins con demned the bill. The third reading was carried by 26 to 14. The House then went into Com mittee of Supply. The remaining item of £50,000 was moved. Mr. Parkes explained that the sum was to be expended under the di rection of the Agent General. There would be an agent in the three kingdoms who would select the immigrants in fair proportion from each kingdom. The immigrants would have to pay one third of thei expenses. Mr. Macleay, Mr. Robertson, who eulogized the old scheme of assisted immigrants and condemned the con temptible bigotry which defeated it, and Mr. Baker opposed the vote, the further considera tion of which was adjourned until Monday next. 