GEEAT-BKETADTi . - ? ? A ? DTC. TATJGHAN AT HEREFORD. .-?''? Archbishop Vaughan held a confirmation service at St. Francis Xavier's church, Broad-street, Hereford, on Sunday morning July 6, in the presence of a large congre gation. At 11 o'clock, High Mass Avas celebrated, at which Father flldefonsus Cummings, assisted by Father J. Dolman and' Brother Wilfred Corriey, officiated. Afterwards the Archbishop ascended the steps of the altar, and having taken a seat in the centre, being vested Avith the robes of his. office, he proceeded with the confirmation ? service, in Latin, there being about fifty candidates in all, male and female, upon whom hands Avpre imposed. Before the can-1, didates were confirmed, his Lordship delivered ? a sermon to them, taking for his text the Acts' of Apostles, viii., 17—' Then laid they their hands on them, and tiiey received the Holy Ghost.' After the confirmation, the Arch bishop said it may have seemed strange to some of tlieni that the service' of the confir-, mation had been done in Latin, and not in the English language. He explained that in a national chui'ch, or race church, there Avas no necessity for having any language ex- ' ceptirig that of the nation, because the, reli- gion Avas not intended to go beyond the race or nation. But the Catholic Church, being universal, was intended for all humanity, and as they had one language which they tised in the administration of the sacraments in all parts of the world, they would hear the sacrament of confirmation in exactly the same words as ho had made Use of. Go where they would they would always hear it given m the same language. It was one, as the Church was one. ' NEAV BENEDICTINE MONASTERY, DOWNSIDE. These buildings will include a monastery of very great extent ,and a church on a scale of great size and beauty, the Avhole forming a group, which, for design and size, might be compared without disparagement 'to many of the institixtions of kindred char acter 'which, in the good old Catholic times, graced this land. An idea of the extent of the work noAv begun at Downside will be conveyed by stating that the total cost of the new erec tions will exceed £70,000. The portion noAV in hands, the monastery, exclusive of the new library, will, it is supposed, absorb about £20,000. The church, which will probably cost near, if not £4,000, will be of very great extent; its length being 210 feet; it Avill possess a spire 300 feet high, rising from a tower 40 feet square. Those who know DoAA'nside will recognize the site of these buildings when told that the spot chosen is the hill on the left of the pre sent building. The new erections, retired! behind the front alignment of the present college, will adjoin those buildings and run back until within 50 feet^of the observatory they also take up apportion of the garden'' We understand that: funds for the building to the extent of about, £20,000 exist ; part ia hands, and part so surely designated to this, object. as; to. be secure, though not at the moment available. .The good father of St.1 Benedict appeals to the 'generosity of th£ Catholics of Great Britain for contributions towards 'tliis/gre'at 'work. ' ' ' V : '. ' ' : ' l!l-.'/!'-'/U '.;?,.;,'? ORDINATION.1 */—?''- /-? ?:.;/ ! V On Sunday/ 'lasi£ %ugust ,3rcl^' atSt. Mary of tlie; Angels, Bay'swater,; the . Bishop of Amycla1 ordained two priests of the Congre gation of the Oblates of St. Charles, viz., the Key. Father Septimus 'Andrews', M.A. (late student of Cliristchurchj ! Oxford , and Vicar of Market Harborough, Leicestershire), and the Eev. Father Archibald Macdonnell, late of St. Cuthbert's College; Ushaw, and the Col legio Romano. THE EXILED GERMAN JESUITS. The Jesuits exiled by the edicts of Prince Bismarck from South Germany, and who have dispersed themselves through France, England, Belgium, and the United States'. have definitely settled their English novici ate at Dillon Hall, about nine miles from. Liverpool, the use of which was granted, them some months a£o by Mrs. Stapleton. Brctherton, of liainhill. Here about one hundred priests and students, all German, are- ? located. DISCOVERY OF A SUPPOSED FENIAN PLOT W LONDON. An event has occurred in London which, according to the London correspondent of the Irish Times, bids fair to revive the Fenian panic which existed at the time of tho Clerkenwell explosion. The correspond ent Avrites : — ' A new Fenian plot, or the supposition of one, has placed the quiet inhabitants of the kingdom'of Cockayne in a state of somewhat sentimental terror. The ? weather is very hot for any real intense excitement, and it is therefore rather disgust ing to find ourselves on the threshold of a Fenian scare in London ; but accidents would happen in the best- conducted comnru«v nities, and it so happened that on Monday last a woman, calling herself Ellen Denny, . was trundling a barrel of Greek fire on a truck towards Euston-square station, when the Greek, fire exploded * and several people were injured — notably a boy who had been sent by the proprietor of the box to accom- ? pany her. This woman lived in a miserable room at Somerstown, and nothing whatever ? is known of her except that she is supposed to be on intimate terms 'with some of tlie - people who were charged with complicity in the Clerkenwell1 explosion, -for which Barrett was hung ; but it is firmly believed in Lou- ? don at this moment that a Fenian conspiracy for some diabolical purpose is afloat. As it is thought England is ' the ' pride of the ocean,' and that 'Britons never shall be slaves,' &'c; &c;, and as these lines are read' in England, it is probable we intend you shall have the questionable pleasure of read ing a few terribly-in- earnest leaders pro pounding the necessity of ruling Ireland Avith an iron hand, and delicately suggesting ., a speedy suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act.' The prisoner stated in court that the - box was left Avith -her a long time ago, and ? said slie was innocent of knowing Ayhat it contained. She' was remanded to the' House ? of Detention for eight days pending further inquiry. .THE UISHOP OF: 'WINCHESTER ON ' ROMAN- - '' ' l\ ' .;' ' '??'? ?' ism.'; ? ''-'?'- '?; ' - On July 15, Lord Oranmore, in the House ; of Lords, having reiterated his complaint that the right rev. prelate had refused to ? allow the liev.;li. Maguire, of Clerkenwell, to deliver Protestant lectures at' St. Saviour's ? Church, South' wark, the Bishop of Winches ter repeated the explanations which, he had given on the previous evening, and added — ? ? ' I hate and abhor the attempt to Romanize ? the Church of England ; and I will never hear 'myself charged with it without telling him who naVes such a charge to his face thai' he ' is guilty of a gross misrepresentation, especially when that charge comes from one who has been endeavpuring to his utmost to get the Prayer Book altered, in Ireland, in order to make it to suit his views.' DEATH OF THE BISHOP OF WINCHESTER. The Bishop of Winchester (Dr. Wilber force) died this day week an awfully sudden, though in many respects a happy death. He 'was going doAvn with Lord Granvillo to Mr. Lcvcson Grower's, at Holmbury, near Dork ing, to meet Mr. Gladstone. Horses met them at Leatherhead, and after riding over 'JRanmore Common, they went by the bridle - road to Leith Hill, over what is called the - Evershed Roughs, where the grass was very smooth and level. Suddenly Lord Granville heard a heavy thud behind, and turning, found that the Bishop's horse haul fallen,' and that the Bishop was lying motion less on the turf. It appears from the evidence of the groom that the horse ? slipped ? at a sudden hollow- in the track, and fell on his knees, throwing the Bishop over his head. Dr. Wilberforce must have turned some thing like a somersault, and then _ fallen heavily on his head, thereby dislocating ins ?? rnc'ck. He never moved again. Lord Grau ? villa f?avo evidence that lie had never seen the Bishop in happier spirits, and that, but a minute or two before, Dr. Wilbpribrce remarked that he could never get tired of ridin' such a horse as that on which ho was jnouiitcd in such scenery. It was a horse ? of Lord Grauvillo's own, frequently used by Lady Grauville, and according to the groom, had not been known to stumble before. The Bishop's bocty was removed to Abingcr Hall (Mr. Farrer's), the nearest residence to the place of the acci . dent, and thence to Lavington, in Sussex, where the funeral took place yesterday. A burial in Westminster Abbey was offered, in . consequence of the former connection of the Bishop with the Abbey, — he was Dean of Westminster for a part of the year 18*15, just, before he became Bishop of. Oxford — but . declined by the family on the ground that the Bishop had expressed his wish to lie at Laviugton. The chief evidence of the Bishop's intellectual energy is the enthusi ... asm with which the' clergy of both his dio ceses speak'of bis rnemoiy. Even in Win-' nlmcfnv Tvlir»i-r» ' lio lmrl l'w»nvi en slinvf n f.imn his influence, was .already very wide. His failings and, his virtues were all of ' them.; indeed eminently the failing and virtues of a man of influence.' — Sjjcrfalor.' ,' _ i THE ^CARRIAGE OV THE DUKE 01? ED1X ; , ' jjuiiGir. This week (says the Nattou July 19) it has been announced that the Duke of Edinburgh is to be married in a' short time to the Grand Duchess Maria of [Russia, the only daughter of the Czar. This ludy, of course, belongs to the Greek Church, and it is said that she will ?continue hi 'that- communion, ' but that any ? children' that may, be born to her will be brought up in the .tenets of Anglicanism.' It, is probable that the marriage will lead to' a revival of the .Republican agitation in Eng land which lias been laid to rest since the illness of the Prince of Wales. —The Sjwiatui' -of August 2 says: — Mr. Gladstone on Tuesday introduced a resolution granting -the Duke of Edinburgh, on his marriage with the Grand Duchess Marie of [Russia, £25,000 a year, and the Grand Duchess a widow's jointure of £'(5000 ' a year. . '. As regards the Duke, a provision is to be inserted enabling the Crown and' Parliament to cancel or reduce the amount, on his acces sion io the German Principality. There was no real opposition of any kind, but Mr. Taj'lor gave notice that he should move to reject the vote, and one curious scene ?occurred. Mr.' Holt tried to raise the religious question, but the House positively yelled at nun, and even Mr. iNcwdegate ?could not get a moment's hearing. ' There is veiy little to distinguish the Greek Church from the Catholic, except as ' regards some ?inexplicable mysteries ; but then the former sets up no human being as infallible, and. .has never burnt anybody on English soil. If the [Royal Family arc wise, they will ?draw up a plan for the final settlement of ' this matter, based on the idea of letting part -of their allowances accumulate for younger sons and daughters. It would be just like England to quarrel with them about ruonejs ;as she used to do when the money was voted in assignments. THE TICHUORXE TRIAL. Nearly seventy da}\s, and still the Tich borne trial drags on (says the correspondent of a Sydney contemporary, writing on August ?8) . The case for the prosecution closed and hope began to dawn, but Dr. ICeneaiy has mur dered hope. The learned gentleman speaks on day alter day, and turns up every morning -as fresh as ever to continue a defence as re markable as the case itself. The doctor goes in most unreservedly for abusing his client. Assuming always tliat Sir Koger Tichborne is, in the opinion of his counsel, before the ?court, he contends that Tichborne was a vicious- minded, scheming fellow, a besotted, degraded being steeped in. nastiness and infamy. Uoger's father is represented as a moan, contemptible sneak, guilt}r of discredil ?ablcand unmanly conduct in every phase of his life. Asssuming the claimant to be Sir Roger, it is hardly possible to imagine that he can sit quietly in court to hear himself bullied by his own counsel ; but so it is. The doctor points to him as *' that idiot who is at the present moment thinking more of pigeon-shooting than of his trial,' and much more of the same kind. The line of defence ?appears to be that the claimant is a fool, that .Roger was a fool, and that, therefore, the claimant is .'Roger; that Roger was weak minded, and continued to be so until he found his' waj^'1 to Australia ; that Australia braced him up a little, and made him a better man. But unfortunately the excesses or his _ youth destroyed his memory for everything up to the time he experienced the recuperative iniluences of Wagg.'i Wagga and butchering. It is said that 'the' .speech ?of Dr. .Kenealy will occupy at least a fort night from this time. The jurymen arc holding out tolerably well, and the judges «tand it better than can be expected.' Mr. Jlawkins has intimated that, in the event of ms death before the conclusion of the ;rial, sergeant Barry will continue the case after the funeral. ''''?[?in ,._ Hi-nil 