LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. I [UV OUK LONDON COEHESPONDKICT]. Old Rome and New Italy.-Recucrdos de Italia : By Emilio Castelar.-Translated by Mrs. A. Arnold, Vin.-Senor Castelar, a Spaniard and a Republican, the friend of Garibaldi and Mazzini, here gives his " Remembrances of Italy." Strictly speaking, it is not a book of travels. He says, " I hare not followed any order or ilinery in my book. I have placed my pictures where it seemed best, so that they do not boar any particular relation to each other, and I hare sometimes returned to a town from which I seemed to have departed. Each picture may, therefore, form a separate work. The chief cities sketched are Home, Venice, Pisa, and Naples. The sketch of Naples is the most lively, but the whole book ÍB that of a great rhetorician. The views of things taken by this highly sensitive and thoughtful man are deeply interest- ing. He writes, "To see the Eternal City was long the dream of my existence, one of the most anxious desires of my heart. . . Tired of politics in Madrid, of commerce in London, of goie'.y in Paris, and even of nature in Geneva; wearied also with the positive tendencies of our age, visible at every step and at every moment, I took refuge in Rome in order to spend some happy hours with history, art, and religion. But I was unable to disengage myself from a Republican friend who, sure of the agreement of my sentiments and of my aversion for the Papacy, unburdened his sinful conscience and broke his enforced silence of twenty years passed under the Pontifical rod, by describing tho uses of Roman absolutism, of which I had heard much, and which I heartily detested ; but the relation of which at that time did not harmonise with my desire to wander among tho ruins, remote from all political labour, and to give free course to my dreams and reflections. To what a place you come in search of knowledge! said he, cold by tempera- ment, before the marvels I viewed with transport. " Here everyone is interested about lottery tickets, no one for an idea of a human brain. The commemoration of the anniversary of Shakespeare has been prohibited in this city of the arts. Her censorship is so wise that when a certain writer wished to publish a book on the discoveries of Volta she let loose on him tho thunders of the index, think- ing it treated of Voltairianism ; a phil- osophy which leaves neither repose nor digestion to our cardinals. On the other baud, a cabalistic and astrological book professing to divine tho caprices of a lottery, has been printed and published under the Pontifical Seal, as containing nothing contrary to religious morals, or sovereign authority." " I know all this," I said, " I have read it a hundred times." Shortly afterwards Castella turned into a cross street and there saw a eight which made him exclaim, " The Garibaldian was right. Is this a place for the intellect?" The following is his impression of Cardinal Antonelli, " Antonelli appeared to me to be tall and strong; a huntsman rather than a cardinal ; a mountaineer but no courtier. Eyes dark as night, a prominent nose, full lips, lemon coloured complexion, a rude and rugged physiognomy, a daring character, a robust constitution, and his attitudes and gestures- according to my impression proclaim a man long habituated to command imperiously, and to be obeyed without resistance. But I should also declare, he seemed to me to be a person of extreme vulgarity." Senor Castella's stay in Rome was abruptly terminated " An exile, one condemned to death for the crime of professing certain political opinions-they had driven me not only from my country, but from that city which appeared to have tho eternal right to be a refuge" and adds "with such sad thoughts I left the city of eternal sadness." We have only to add that the translation of the book is excellent. While Rose and Red : A Love Story. By tho author of Si. Ahe; Gi. (Strahan and Co.) Those who read tho previous work by the same author will not have forgotteu the remarkable originality of thought and expression indicated by " St. Abe," and there is no filling off in merit, in this second venture of the unknown author. " White rose and red" is a simple story, told in various metres and styles, which on tho whole suit well the changes of thought. Eureka Hart the hero, is depicted ag a " giant six feet seven" goodly to look at, but with only common-place character. While wander- ing, hunting, aud trapping, he meets with the Hod Indians. One maiden, "Bed Bose," falls passionately in love with him and marriage results. The poor girl estimated Eureka above his worth: "Thus Eureka, ehe esteemed thee Fairer for thy finer blood ; She revered thee, loved thee, deemed theo Wholly beautiful and good ! And her day-dream ne'er was broken, As some mortal day-dreams arc, ¿ Hy a word or sentence spoken In thy coarse vernacular. For she could not speak a dozen Words as used by the white nation ! And thy speech seemed finely chosen, Since she made her own translation Scarce a syllable quite catching, Yet, upon thy bosom leaning, Out of every sentence snatohing Music, with its own sweet meaning." Eureka's love, or rather passion, did not last long. Although with " deathless love her - heart was blooming, fae grew weary." His " beaver conscience " awoke and whis- pered " Fie, it ii a strange connection ls it worthy ? " And another whisper said, " You're a white mau 2 she is red ! " So " He remembered one fine day, bis relations far away." He recall* to his imagination his native place, Drowsie town, and longs to vieit it. After a while he gains the reluctant consent of his Indian love to leave her for a time just to say a last farewell to his white brothers. She cut off a lock of his hair and he gavo her a paper on which be had written in his own bl od the simple inscription - " Eureka Hart, Drowsie town, State of Maine." Once at home, his resolution to return to bis Indian wife becomes weaker and weaker, and be eventually Bettles down and marries Phoebe Anna Cattieon, a white, and petite beauty. But the red wife yearns for ber absent love, and cannot rest without him, so aho flies with their babe from her old home in quest of him, toking with her the paper on which be has written hisaddreBi. After manifold sufferings, footsore and dying, abe reaches Eureka's house amid a fall of snow. Eureka is drinking at the village ale-house, but Phoebe hears the tap at the door and opens it upon tho poor creature: "The woman was ghost-like, yet won- drously fair, Through the gray cloud of famine, thc dews of despair, Her face hungered forth-'twas a red woman's face, Without the sunk eyeball, the taint of the race : With gentle lines round the month of her, cast By moments of being too blissful to last." She gives her precious paper to Phebe, and in ber own language tells her to . read it. " And little Phobo understands And takes the paper in her hands And on the hearth she stooped low To read it in the firelight glow. Now, courage, Fhobe ! steel thy spirit ! A blow is coming-thou must bear it ! " The bitter truth soon grows plain to Phoebe as she reads her husband's name in his own handwriting : " The baby's skin is white-no wonder ! And she perceives, as plain as may be All the event -down to tho baby ! " At this point Eureka appears upon the scene, md the passages in which the strange meeting is described are drawn with fire and power. The Eed Bose passes away in the arms of ber husband, and there are few more pathetic inci- dents in modern poetry than that in which ber last moments are depicted. The pathos is natural and intense: " In a dark comer of the burial place, . Where sleep apart thc creatures of red noe, Rod Rose was laid.oold, beautiful, and dead, With all the great white snow above lier bed. And soon the tiny partner of her guest, Thc little babe was laid upon ber breast. For, though the heart of Phoebe had been kind. And sought to save the infant left behind, It withered when the mother's kiss with- drew The Red Rose faded, and thc Blossom joo." Our quotations haye been chosen rather to toll the story than for the sake of their special beauty. No quotation can give tho subtle grace and higher excellencies of this most remarkable poem. Of the author'« real views upon morality and society we know nothing, and cannot therefore attempt to combat or approve them. Quixstar : A novel. By tho author of " Blindpits. In 3 vols, (ftdmonston and Douglas.) Quixstar is the name of a pretty little town, and the story is a study of provincial lifo. Yet the attrac- tiveness of the book does not lie in its story, but in the truth and naturalness of the still-life scenes which it shows to us, and the mixture of insight, sympathy,ajad humour with which tho actors are sketched. The author isa Scotch George - Eliot, and the book abounds in quaint, pithy, caustic sayings. It is a work of more than average merit, and- will be read and quoted by those whose delight is not in mere sensational stories. Young Royalty visits Quixstar, mid Mrs. Veitch, the gardener's .wife, thus replies tc Maddy Fairgricve's eager question, " Did you seo the Prince ?" " Oh, ay, I saw him and two gentlemen cam' a gude while lookin' at our midden- it seems the thick of a battle was there, twa three bunder years syne. I forget a' about it, and wondered what they were lookin' nt ; they were na' like folk wantin' to buy dung. When Peter came in and tcll't me it was the Prince, Î thought I should hao asked him to get a drink o' milk o' something ; but I was that ill wi' toothache I could'na be fashed.'«*»" It's been a cauld day," said Maddy. " I think aye at this time o' the year tho wind gangs through ye like a knife ; no very gude for tho toothache, and what was he like ?" " Wrel, be was mackie liku other callante. I dinna think but lhat our Peter looked better than him at his ago." " li's a pity but ye bad asked him in," said Maddy ; "boot' the like o' h'm wad get some- thing somewhere. I kent that, or I wad bae asked bim io, ill as I was. " Ob, be wadna starve, I daresay," srtid Maddy ; " but it'll may be a while or sic an honour comes your way again." " Weel, wee!, we cnn live without it. Puir thing, I'so warrant his mother thinks a heap o' him." " It's likely, or Bhe'll nn' be like you." " Wee!, I fancy we're a* flesh and blood." The Pilgrimage of tlie Tiber, from it» Mouth io itt Source, leith «ante Account of iti Tributarte*. By William Davis, 18s. (Low and Co.) The most classic of all etreams is here traced from Ostia on tho Mediterranean lo its gushing »pring in tho Apennines. The theme itself is most fruitful of interest, rich in historic memories, which wo do well to rocnll. Tho book is most charmingly and ably written, the descriptions are graphic, and it is beautifully illustrated from drawings made on the spot. In nddition tn a description of tho places, through which the Tiber passes, we hare a delineation of the celebrated men who have been in thom. Mr. Davis also devotes a chapter of his book to the " Popular Songs of the Tiberino District." Memoir of Sir James Y. Simpson, Sari, M.D.G.L. By J. Duns, D.D., 14a. (Edmonston and Douglas.) We have hero' chronicled the illustrious career of a celebrated physician, famous as the discoverer of chloriform, and of the method of closing wounds by a j cu-proejure (i.e.) metal needles, instead of by ligature or future. He attended j 'the classes of Liston, tho great Scotch surgeon, and it was when looking on the great surgeon's work that he first began to grope after means for the alleviation of pain, when the patient was in the .hands of the operator. After seeing tho terrible agony of a Highland woman under amputation of the breast, ho left the class-room, and went straight to the Parliament HOUBO to ee k work os a writer's clerk. But on second thought he returned to the study of medicine, \- asking, " Can anything be done to make operations less painful?" The answer to that question was henceforth the aim of his research. Timothy Cripple; or, Life's a Feast. By Thomas Aurie! Uobioson, 2 vols. (Tinsley). This is professedly the auto- biography of a man who, from his earliest years, proved himself the victim ' of misfortune, occasioned by bis un- worldly simplicity and uncompromising honesty, and we have here recorded his struggles, failures, and final success. The Eev. Mr. Cripple, Timothy's father, was marked by two prominent qualities liberality and honesty. On a certain occasion he thus addressed his son, " It is impossible to over- estimate the im- portance of caution in the first period of that life which may now be said to begin with you, and which, in its illustration, has called forth the eloquence of men of all ages. Some have compared it to a race, some to a journey, others to a battle, but of those pictures which heathen writers hive drawn in its illus- tration, I think that the happiest which represents 1 Life as a Feast,' from which the gueBte, after having partaken mode- rately, and in tho enjoyment of social conversation, rise, and in an orderly manner depart." This novel is extremely original, and it is very well written. Müs Dorothy's Oharge. By F. L. Benedict, 3 vols., (Lowe and Co.,) is a vigorous American story, or rather a story about Americans, for the scene of the narrative is laid chiefly in Europe. There is nothing unusual about the plot, the interest of the book lies in the pourtrayal of character and the valuable moral .lessons that it inculcates. The Zion and the Elephant. By Charles John Anderson, edited by L. Lloyd, 15s., (Hurst and Blackett.) This book has a melancholy interest, as it is compiled from papers of the late C. J. Anderson, the eminent Swedish naturalist, who perished miserably iu the interior pf Africa. JUBÍ now the eyes of men are turned with interest to the future of Africa, its capabilities, HB rcBourceB, its climate, its animals, sad, in fact, any information respecting ' this vast undeveloped continent is sure to receive a favourable hearing. To the snortsmau the present volume will present a special claim ; whether the hardship and the risk of life will deter him from entering upon the sport, bemuBt judge; probably not. Elephant hunting our author characterises as the most exciting and hazardous of African sports. Our author says the strength of the lion is enormous-the Arabs say it is equal to -that of forty men. The usual pace of a lion is a walk, and though apparently rather slow, yet from the great length of his body he is able to get over a good deal of ground in a short time. Indeed be has been known in the course of the night to cross a plain which at that particular point was, as the crow flies, forty-five miles iu width. Occasionally he trots, when bis speed is not incon- siderable. His gallop-or rather suc- cession of bounds-is for a short distance very fast, nearly or quite equal to that of a horse. Our author gives us several of his own adventures with lions. "One night when just awakening out of sleep," be says, " 1 could distinctly hear tho breathing of an animal close to my face, accompanied by a purr like that of a cat. _ Only one animal, I knew, existed in these parts capable of pro- ducing the sound, and I at once came to' the conclusion that a lion was actually smelling at my person." Our author shot the lion in the dark, but did not dare to move, and tho night, which appeared an age was passed in listening to tho convulsive agonies of the wounded beast, and in ignorance of hie power to retaliate upon his enemy. Not until morning did he dare venture, with much j \,. ution to ascertain the fate of the .-wounded lion. We have also several graphic descriptions of our author's en- counters with elephants, aud as he made them more especially the object of his sport', his account of thom and of their habits ts the more valuable. It was by the exchange of ivory that he obtained the needful means for the prosecution of the various objects of his research. Mr. Lloyd tells us that should this book be favourable received, he has in his posses- sion other papers of Anderson, relating to the natural history of various four footed animals indigenous to southern Africa, which ho will then publish. Bester Morley's Promise : By Hesba Stretton ; 3 vols. (King and Co.) Hester Morley's Promise is ono of those novels which we must judge from another stand-point than that of absolute originality, and then we find that it possesses Very high merit. The book treats with delicacy a difficult and painful subject, and it is intended to show that while the Bin of adultery is the same in both sexes, yet society most unjustly motes out a very unequal punishment to tho offenders. To hilp to bring nbout a moro righteous judg- ment is tho object of tho author. The narrative is simple. John Morley, a bookseller, a student, and a widower, marries, for the second time, a beautiful creature named liase, much his junior, but who promises to be a faithful mother to his daughter Hoster. The latter, in turn, takes a vow to remain true in her affection to her new mother, whatever occurs. Hose, however, is seduced by ¡ Robert Waldron, son of Mr. Waldron, M.P., who is a fellow-deacon at the same chapel with John Morley. Poor Hose's repentance and remorse are well depicted, and so is Hester's constanco, through long years of conflicting duties. There aro several subsidiary characters in the book, or.e of which is the prim self-righteous Mrs. Waldron. But she is coarsely drawn, and we can scarcely believe her to be anything but a carica- ture. Carl Bramwell, Hester's lover, is an exceedingly fine character, and well worthy of tho lore of such a noble girl. In the September Fortnightly Review, Mr. Chamberlain's article on the Liberal party and its leaders stands first in place and in importance. Mr. Chamberlain is generally believed to be a leading spirit among the English "Irrecon- cilables"-as he himself styles bis friends -so that the motto be proclaims as that of the new party-Free Church, Free Land, Free Schools, and Free Labour may probably be taken as authoritative. In the Contemporary Review, Dr. Littledale contributes a paper entitled " High Life Below Stairs," the drift of which is the importance of extending the advantages of culture and refinement among the lower orders. Mr. Amadeus Levart's paper " What will they do with it?" is a suggestion of sundry very extensive reforms needful in the author's opinion, to enable the Church af England to rise to the measure of ideal influence. And there is a clever and thoughtful article on' "Contemporary Evolution," signed " W. George Mivart." ItB drift is that the whole intellectual movement of modern times, from tho Renaieance down to the present day, has been, and is, a Fagan revival ; and it is suggested as not impossible that a new pagan culture may one day be evolved in con- nection with the teachings of modern philosophy. The paper is very ingenious, and well merits attention. Blackwood this time is more than usually entertaining. The most instruc- tive article is that on Don Carlos ; the most amusing, " How John was drilled," being a skit on the powers given to magistrates under the Education Act. " The Parisians " is continued ; the story is brought to tho eve of tho war, and the condition of Paris at the time is graphi- cally drawn. Fraser is a dull number. An article on the Central Asian Question is the most interesting. Save for its instalment of Mr. Black's " Princess of Thule," Macmillan must be pronounced wanting in interest. This story has reached a pathetic crisis, and we anxiously await the next number. Avon Girdlestone well defends the Agri- cultural Labourer's Uniop. The Gentleman's Magazine is improv- ing. It contains an elaborate reply to a criticism of Macaulay's on Dante which originally appeared in Knight's Quarterly Magazine for 1824, but has since been republished among his miscellaneous writings. Lord Macaulay is not a very safe guide in critical matters, so that the present writer has had but little diffi- culty in showing him up. Mr. Vizetelly contributes an instructive paper " Two Arab Marrets," and there is a very clever sketch entitled "Somebody s Child." Mr. Hatton's story entitled " Clytie," keeps up its interest, and Mr. Hopkin's story " Making the Worst of it," is continued. In ¡Si. Paul's tbe most interesting Saper is one on " Chiromancy ;" and Ir. R. A. Proctor has a good article on " Finding the Way at Sea." In the Cornhill " Telda's Future " aud "Young Brown" are continued, and there is a well-known tale called " Jack and the Bean Stalk," which we do not feel sure whether we are to consider it ended or not. There is another paper on " Co-operative Stores " the object of which is to consider whether their success is likely to be permanent. The author thinks it is. 