SUMMARY OF NEWS. The English and Colonial Mails reached Perth on Friday afternoon. The public journals are almost entirely engrossed by a review of the consequences likely to follow from the adverse decision of the House of Commons on the Dublin University Bill. SHIPPING.- The Ivy, with a full general cargo, sailed from Gravesend for Fremantle on the 7th March. The Robert Morrison and the Hawk were the only vessels on the berth for this colony ; the former vessel being fixed to leave about the 20th April. PEARLSHELLS. The European Mail reports : -At the auctions only a moderate quantity was brought forward, the whole of which was readily disposed of at full rates to 10s. advance, 185 packages Fremantle being taken at £11 2s. 6d. to £11 7s. 6d. for good bold thick ; £10 5s. to £10 less. bold and medium, partly worthy £9 10s. to £10 2s. 6d. inferior and £5 10s. to £6 15s. per cwt. for dead. STRAITS MABKET-?.-Messrs. Behn, Meyer, & Co., in their circular dated April 2, report : \- Sandalwood There is no change in the prices to report. The market continues very active, but in the absence of any fresh supplies no transactions have taken place, and quota tations are, therefore, nominal. The reports from China about this article continue very favorable, and the next supplies, per Amur, will meet a good in ii ket. Our quotations are nominally higher than per last report, via , 360 to 375 dollars per picul for large, superior wood ; 335 to 3.40 for medium-sized logs; and 335 to 320 for small sizes. Sandalwood Boots are much wanted at higher rates for large sizes 425 dollars per picul could be obtained. Horses There is a good demand, and the next supplies will fetch fair prices. WOOL The wool sales commenced on the 24th of April. The tone of the market is firm, and it is not anticipated that any further de- done will take place. The coal strike is at an end, and money easy. UNIVERSITY- BILL. | The fate of the Bill was foreshadowed before it was debated. Although aware of his impend- ing defeat, Mr. Gladstone maintained the dignity of his position, he folded his robe around him and died fighting for it. He might have withdrawn the Bill, but he could not bring himself to live on while the Bill died, and he dared not send his supporters back to their constituencies, identified as they would be with the mistakes and ill fortune of their leaders, and to ask them to overlook errors which the candidate deplored as much as any body else. That Mr. Disraeli, or rather Lords Derby, Salisbury, Carnarvon, and Cairns, were fully justified in declining to accept office is recognized by the public, far more decidedly than by the Press, and for the nonce the honest expression of Mr. Disraeli's determination never to accept office, except with a working majority at his back, has met with universal approbation.' ' Mr. Gladstone has come back to office, but not to power; his reputation and prestige as a Statesman are gone, he has gone back to the treasury bench reprieved-but not pardoned, and the Legislature for the rest of the Session, will be the burlesque of Hamlet without the Ghost or play scene. The Government, have one chance, but a forlorn one of rehabilitating their character with the House and country, the Prime Minister and Mr. Lowe, with a large surplus to deal with, will no doubt give them a capriciously popular budget ; a dissolution is inevitable if not immediate. The amendment of the Education Bill, Clause 25, if pressed, would meet the same late as the Dublin University Bill ; London, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Bristol, and almost all the leading centres of population have elected and secularist majorities for the school boards, and in the new ' municipal elections liberal' alder- men and councillors have been replaced almost everywhere by Conservatives. Old ties are broken; new ones are slowly created. To carry on the Govt of the country, new combinations will be required' The leaders of the two great parties now fronting each other will not again rely for support on sticks or plungers, or submit to be dictated to by a few members bound together to promote confusion and disorder, political as well as social. The one, point now mooted in all circles is, what are the prospects of the next election ? " The Saturday Review " says the general opinion, of competent judges of all parties, and which is not likely to be for from the truth is, that the Conservatives will lose a few seats and gain many. Even now, if the Irish Catholic Liberals are deducted, the present Government has. only a very slight majority, and it is a tolerably safe guess to say that at any rate this slight majority will at the next election be transferred to their opponents. If the Irish Catholic Liberals, many of whom, if they reappear at Westminster, will probably return not only as the nominees of the priests, but as the advocates of Home Rule, are put down as supporters of Mr. Gladstone, then perhaps the Conservatives would be in a minority in the next Parliament. But Mr. Gladstone would be very reluctant to come into office with a minority apart from the Irish vote and, if on the Conservatives might hold office in reliance, not on the forbearance, but on the fears of their opponents. One of Mr. Disraeli's latest utterances is, that he has resolved not to depend upon such support. He does not aspire to take the helm of state for the steersman wages, and such is the general feeling of the Conservative party to the liberals it is the very reverse. The political life and fortunes of the "great united party" are bound up in the continuance, of their leader in office, once let him go under in the tide of affairs, and they sink with him into insignificance and oblivion. ex The Ballot has worked adversely-in filling up death vacancies in the House of Commons. Orkney, and Derry, have returned Conserva- tives in place of deceased liberals ; Wigtonshire, Mid-Cheshire, Liverpool, and Tyrone county, Ireland, although contested, have replaced deceased, by living Conservatives. A leading liberal journal takes comfort in the belief that "though it must be conceded that the probable result of the next general election will be to reduce the present liberal majority in the House of Commons, that this majority should be converted into a minority, no one we apprehend for a moment anticipates." The Times, however, prepares us for an interval of anarchy ; out of which after a time we may emerge from the dust & smoke with two armies drawn up as before, fronting one another in well- disciplined army, it will be found that they are engaged on new fields of battle, but the members composing the hostile hosts are no longer the same. Some will have disappeared, some will have passed from the line of attack to the line of defence, some will have come out of obscurity to take the places ceded by those who are gone. Will Mr. Gladstone be amongst the latter ? politically we believe that he will. GERMANY The Emperor announces the most friendly relations with the French Republic, and his Minister war to the knife with the Roman Catholic prelacy. The Archbishop of Posen has denounced the decree for enforcing the use of the German language in Prussian Poland, and will in all probability be deprived of his revenues and status. Our Foreign relations are on the best footing, but looking at the strange fact that the armies of the world Are all being placed on a war establishment, England has got together an armed force, including Volunteers of some 400,000 men. PRANCE-In like manner has at least a million of men ready at a moments notice to march for the Rhine, and with a revenue in excess of her expenditure, and the funds in hand to pay off the bar) ance of the indemnity to Germany, it is not improbable that it the Prussian Government get wrong with their Roman Catholic populations, the French will try to retrieve their lost military prestige. The telegrams which bring us the scanty bits of information respecting European politics, which perplex us to reconcile their contradic- tions, as respects French polities, find a sort of solution in the columns of the English papers. We can understand how it is that the veteran politician who has labored so well for his country has been able during the last two years to employ the animosities of sections in, the Assembly so as to neutralise their power, and it would see mithat by protracting as long as possible any definite settlement, he lexa been giving time for the moderate men of all parties to shake themselves free from the extreme members who fettered their operations and compromised their characters. As the Centres of both sides of the Chamber have coalesced to support the Government, of the day, the extreme Right and Left, representing the more ardent andlnpracticablo monarchists and re- publicans, are left as two minorities, incapable of fusion and powerless to act- The news seems almost to good to be true. Even that coalition would involve within itself the elements of its own destruction. Orleanists, Imperialists, and Republicans form a strange combination. We must take it rather as supporting M. Thiers against each other and the extreme outsiders of every class and for the preservation of order for the present rather than as representing any real and generous agreement involving mutual concessions, and intended to act upon an impending future more than the exigencies of the present. Were M. Thiers to die, the union, if union there be would be scattered to the winds. RUSSIA. The autocrat, who is a regular bon vivants, fond of hunting, and an excellent Pater- families, will have, despite of his minister, peace. His digestion is not good, his family numerous and expensive, and both would be interfered with in Russia went to war. The' Anglo Indian Government have signified their approval of the convention concluded at London on the boundary question. AMERICA. We gather that the Government repudiate annexations and are anxious to strengthen the peaceful relations existing with the mother country. It is contemplated connecting the New North Pacific Railways with Vancouver's Island from the right bank (British) of the Fraser, by a long bridge, similar to that crossing the Severn at Bristol. SPAIN In all the throes of anarchy and revolution, Italy struggling with the Papacy and an enormous debt, the Government of Turkey, Persia, and Japan have adopted the representative system, popular education, and in the case of the latter power an assimilation even of religion to the best of faiths existing in Europe. A Select Committee of the House of Commons is sitting to inquire respecting the causes of the high price of coal. Prince Amadeus arrived at Florence on the 18th inst., and was enthusiastically welcomed by the population, who formed a torchlight procession through the streets to the railway station. The late Speaker of the House of Commons died on the 7th inst. in his 74th year. Viscount essington may be better known, perhaps, as the Right Hon. John Evelyn Denison. Dr. Guthrie died at St. Leonards-on-Sea on February 24th, in his 70th year. According to a Times telegram from Calcutta the Indian Government consider that the Afghan boundary despatches are satisfactory. The news horn South Wales announce a termination of the strike before long. Many of the colliers and ironworkers have gone to work on the master's terms, subject to revision soon. The Oxford and Cambridge boat race has been fixed to take place on Saturday, the 29th inst. Both crews are training hard, and may be seen daily on the Thames. The Light Blues seem to have won already an augury of success. Stokes, the murderer of Fisk, who was sentenced to death, and was to have been executed on the 28th ult., has obtained a quasi reprieve. Execution is deferred. The next step may turn out to be a new trial, with a fair chance of acquittal. The great Lizard case having developed from an area of fraud to one of forgery, is now presented in an aspect which diminishes any astonishment that may be felt at the disappearance of the person held to bail in the heavy amount of £17,000. The reward offered for the apprehension of Mr. Lizards is now increased to £450. At a meeting of the Society of Arts on the' 12th. just., Captain Colomb, RN., delivered HBttpsson the various modes of signalling at Wallworth special reference to signals of distress. raSP^M**d his argument in favour of an im Ifpwred system of night signalling upon the circumstances connected with the wreck of the ||£fbithfleet. PaThe steamer Murillo, which caused the tpJTarthfleet disaster, is still detained at Cadiz, leave! her captain and officers are in custody. [Fine Board of Trade has continued its enquiry, r#s«idjthe two engineers of the Murillo and Mr. ?ËdBell, a passenger, have been examined at Green Kiwich. Not half a dozen bodies have been redrafted ashore from the wreck ;, and the diving llptfSfations have not lately been reported. by" The Emperor of Germany, has opened the ¡fljtqchstag in person on the 12th. His speech ¡raxpj-eases a hope that the financial arrange arises between the Empire and France will soon be so far completed as to admit of an entire evacuation of a territory at an earlier date than ISOBEL been expected. With regard to foreign relations generally, the speech is hopeful as to Emilie continued maintenance of peace. In France, Eire was to be expected, an excellent effect was produced by the speech of the Emperor. Ki' The Spanish Republic now depends for its permanence upon the popular vote. The Bill suspending the sittings of the Spanish Assets pyre';. and convoke a Constituent Assembly,. pfSks been passed by a large majority. The an announcement was enthusiastically received by father crowd assembled outside the Cortes. The t&ärists display much activity, and of late have pets greater command of money. The insurrec- Ikiition has the character of being carried on plan r pipally by paid partisans. r y The news from France possesses but little KJnterest since the discussion of the Constitu- firmness Bill commenced. It seems to be an unnecessarily protracted ; yet it is hoped that by this means the Monarchists may become more, I: divided into parties, and so the Republic will J gain by their defeat. The Commercial Treaty with England has little chance, of being ratified for some months. M. Thiers fully maintains I the influence he gained by his speech on the report of the Commission of Thirty. Mr. Charles Knight died on the 9th inst. in his 82nd year. His useful labours in the publication of many popular works of considerable interest, mark a distinct era in literature. He was a most industrious writer, and in connection with the Society for the Promotion of Use I ful Knowledge, conducted the Penny Magazine the Penny Cyclopaedia and many other popular works of the same class. A gang of American swindlers of high-class ability have carried out a deep- laid scheme of fraud in London for some months past. An accidental discovery frustrated their plans, but not until forged bills for £200,000 were in the market. The Bank of England at last Court meeting wrote off £77,000, which is the full amount of loss sustained by the Bank on these forgeries. Three rewards of 500 each are offered for the apprehension of three of the criminals. IN It is rarely that the Lord Chamberlain strictly interdicts a play. The stoppage of the burlesque, of the " Happy Land " at the Court Theatre has caused not a little comment. The manager certainly did not keep faith with the Licence of Plays; and as regards the question of " make-up " or dressing the characters, there is good reason for holding in check an attempt to ridicule very coarsely the chief members of Her Majesty's Government. Without this last resource, there is liberty enough on the English stage. The appeal of Mr. Edwin James to be re- admitted to the English Bar, was heard in private before a full bench of judges. The case was concluded on the 22nd ult., when the judges decided that Mr. James had shown no adequate cause for reversing the decision of the Benchers of the Inner Temple, and that he could not be re-admitted to practice at the Bar, Some twelve years since Mr. Edwin James held the position of Queen's Counsel, and was one of the members for Marylebone. At the time of his sudden departure for America hits income is said to have been £9,000 a year. Since his return to England, it is stated Mr. James has been managing clerk to a well known money-lender. A terrible casualty at sea is reported. An American sailing vessel ran down the British steamer "Herald" between Copenhagen and Dantzic. No assistance whatever was rendered by the American ship, which proceeded on her voyage. All on board the steamer perished, except one person, although many might have been rescued if the missing vessel had put out a boat, as a number of persons clung for a long period to the bottom of the lifeboat, until washed off one by one. The unknown ship lost her bowsprit and jibboom. The English authorities have applied to the Government of the United States to assist in discovering the delinquent. The United States Government have issued notices on the subject. r but do not offer any reward for information leading to the identification of the vessel. Two maritime disasters, accompanied with sad loss of life, have occurred within the past three weeks. A ten able collision took place in St. George's Channel on the 1st inst., during a gale, accompanied by blinding sleet and snow. A fine iron ship named the Chance face, on her homeward voyage to Liverpool horn San Francisco, was run down by the Dublin steamer Torch. Both vessels sank ; but all lives, except one, were saved from on board the steamer, It fared worse, unhappily, with the Chacabuco, which vessel lost her captain, second mate, fifteen of the crow, six apprentices, and the Liverpool pilot. The motion by Mr. Plimsoll in the House of Commons for a Royal Commission in regard to unseaworthy vessels and loss of life at sea, has been supported by enthusiastic meetings in many provincial towns. Mr. Plimsoll's pamphlet on the subject has caused the strongest interest, as an exposure of nefarious practices by shipowners, in sending unsound ships to sea, knowing them to be such. The Government most cordially assented to Mr. Plimsoll's suggestion. A Royal Commission has been appointed, and the chairmanship has been offered to the Duke of Somerset. The general financial prosperity of this country is fairly represented by the following statement: On the 8th instant the financial year had three weeks longer to run, and while the Budget , estimate of revenue for the twelve months was £71'625,000, the actual receipts up to last Saturday were £76,138,666. The income from Customs is already within half a million of the estimate for the year : the Excise, so far, has produced more than £400,000 in excess of Mr. Lowe's anticipations ; stamps are within £436, 000 of the total ; and tax and house duty have only £169,000 to come up to the Chancellor's estimate; income tax is within £40,00; and miscellaneous receipts are" £120,000 in excess. The expenditure is now more than five millions and a half sterling under the revenue. The balance in the Bank of England on Saturday last was £10,713,314. The Sultan of Zanzibar has refused to accept the proffered treaty for the abolition of the slave trade. He has pleaded hard for a compromise, and that our present demands may be deferred a few years. At present his line of action proves that he is being influenced by the counsels of many interested men, Europeans as Well as natives, who have access to his ear, and that he has brought himself blindly to believe that England is not in, earnest in this matter, one that Sir Bartle Frere has been ME his present mission by the Government merely to satisfy a temporary enthusiasm. It is not known what ulterior measures Sir Bartle Frere may be authorised to adopt. But it is certain that the East Coast slave trade must be suppressed, whether the Sultan consents or not. 