VOICE .OF THE PULPIT. (This column entirely sup piled by aunrgai<v - » " and every communtcatioo wo rocolvo on Monday morn ings upon the subjoot has its placo bora " At the WeFloy Church, yesterday ovemng, Mr. Hutchi ou discoursed on the words, . "What shaU a man give in exchange for \- hia own soul ? " Ho described tho attri- botes oE that soul— its grana inwueue «m. its immortality, with a view to show that the wisdom of man is not foolishness, aud tha tho death of tho soul or mind was not the penalty of man's fall. Ho said that the memory was a faculty which would endure through all ages, so that when a soul reaohes ' Heaven it will never loso tho rocollection of the sins, tho crimes, the follies, and tbe abominations of which it has been guilty during its short lifetime. On tho other band, unless we come to Jesus, find wash our souls in HiB blood, and by reasou'of His agonies and Bufferings soonre for our immortal intellect and for our powers of enjoyment their full development hereafter, wo shall be in a bed ofl.-me. rr id V -..-—"-ded by moc'tir.g Ponds, Ileh'-j, a - h<! Went ?: tn 'he,, , nlfhcu.,,-, 1 lii.et not corns eg',;:'. ;nte i,Le v tiara is nnndBlunat-.on i"r 1 ':' w ':r -wni he earrc-tiy ' ! earae ;» Jaauu, beeaus" if !h:y did not dv o, Hod wo nt'i he di"n"-"':-:V 'i:, might r,.'-.S osi'Ti >i, w;an not a h.'U id.v xioru rn prayer, ju oruer thai |ile might Induce '.hem to dip thoir sins in the cleans- j,g and redeeming blood of Christ; which was all sufficient. Nevertheless they must all do a good deal for their own salvation, even to the cutting off of their right hands, and tho plucking out of their right oyes, if neoessary. The Rev. W. D. Leloan preachod at the Wesleyan Church, Fitzroy streot, St. Kilda, yesterday oveeing.from Psalms Ixvi. and 18th verse, " If I regard iniquity in my heart the Lord will not hear me." He commenced by quoting from St. James, "Ye ask and re ceive not, becauee ye ask amiss," and stated that text would lead him to look at ono of the principal hindrances to sncceEB in prayor. Ho directed attention first to the Bin mentioned in tho text regarding iniquity in the heart, and Btnted that the verse did not speak of having iniquity, but "regard ing " or cherishing it. We cherish iniquity when, instead of oheokiug the risings of sinful passions, we do that whioh is calcu lated to promote their growth. He applied ' this part by asking whether his hearors did not cherish pride, love of the world, and ' other sinful passions. He also stated that iniquity was oherished when wo secretly murmured at the dispensations of God's providence. But mainly in connection with the first part of his subject he dwelt on that branch of iniquity relating to tho cherishing of wrong feelings towards those who injuro us — entering fully into the doctrine of forgiveness of injuries. Having quoted several passages hearing on tbo matter, bo argued from them that we were not tamely to surrender our rights — nor were we pre\ onted under certain eircumstancos from seeking public redresB. At tho samo time in ordinary offences we were to forgive those who injured us, if they repented, and whilst we could not take those into our confidence who may have done us an injury, and expressed no sorrow for having bo done, we should at tho same time do all in our power to win such, by returning good for evil. If there were one in tho oongregation who determined to cherish iniquity, notwith standing, the preacher advised such to abstain from prayer until he was willing to give up sin, assuring him that his prayers, whilst he cherish iniquity, were nothing better than solemn mockery. The oongrega tion was larger than usual, and the very interesting discourse was listened to with marked attention. The Rev. H. H. P. Handfield delivered an enthusiastic sermon on the velastary sys tern, its novelty, advantages, and respon sibilities. Malachi, an inspired writer, who ranks among the prophets, thus rebukes the Jews for their slovenly worship After the captivity they retained bnt tbe eoho and the traditions of their ancestors' joy in the house of tho Lord. " Ye offsr polluted bread on my altar, the blind and the lame for sacrifice : ye kindle not fire for nought : I have no pleasure in you. My name shall be great among tho Heathen, but ye have profaned it '" Thore is some analogy be tween tho Jews of that time and onrselves. To the old nnion of Cburoh and State has now succeeded the voluntary system, and it cannot be denied the advantages of freedom and reality, bearing the samo relation to former discipline that the genuine virtue of manhood bears to the trained obedience of the boy. But it exacts repeated and continuous efforts of will, without which it languishes : of itself it Rows and ebbs like the tide. Th.- same law of our Colonial Government that dissevered education from churoh establishments, and from any form of the teaching of revealed religion, dissevered it likewise from, all voluntary propulsions. Education, says the modern statesman, must be both secular and oampnlsory. Yet re ligion is left to man's will, and to that alooo, unsupported, and how is that will to be periodically renewed, quickened, concen trated, sustained? We want harmonions action based on abiding enthusiasm. In Parliament a factious minority oan harass as well as impede the Government, but mean time the machinery of the constitution goes on, however languid the obedience of many, .and however irksome to some may be several of its parts. Our churoh— in her spirit, her love, her worship, and her refining idealities, mUBt become, and that by our exertions, a na'ioual blessing— or elso a byoword. The voluntary system is indeed a oruoial test ; it scents to say, "Is your church really tho churoh of your hearts ?" If it be, then re member on your love it depends, on your senBO of what it has beeB essentially is, and to distant barren countrymen of ours fain would become, viz , a light to lighten them, a city on a hill. Fresh workmen are needed , from tlio bishop to the distant reader. And closer union among tho loyal of those who are able to sustain tho ohuroh _ ehould be sought by prayers for the enthusiasm of tho Holy Ghost. For still God says, " though tho chosen ones profane my name, it shall yet he great among the heathen," If God's name bo great in spite of yon, and notwith standing yonr rich gifts, privileges and talents, need I oito the words of our Lord to stale your fearful responsibility, hero and her-.-afier ? At the Friends' Meeting House, Rnssell streot, yesterday forenoon, tho president preached from the wordB of St. Paul, " Stand fast therefore in tho liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not en tangled again with the yoke of bondage," He said the bondage from whioh they were delivered was that of tho evil one, not de- liveranoo from temptation to sin, or from evil influences, but it was deliverance from tho power of tho evil one. A11 men in their natural ntato were like tho criminal who was in the power of the law and imprisoned, in bondage to the law. So Satan had bis criminals, all sinners undor his power, blind ing their mind bo that they cannot know, neiili".- see spiritual things, and became of this bondage the heavens above are as braBS, and -tiiu earth as iron, and the land cursed boca-Ho of the wickedness of the people. Ho also explained the liberty whioh they now enjoyed — that is, liborty with Christ, by the power of tho spirit. Now are ye the sons of God, and if the hen has made thorn free, then ore ye free indeed ; froo from all sin, for those who commit siri aro in bondago ; thorefore it _ follows that all who sin aro criminalSj and in iho (fOivor of tho evil ono, for Bin 18 of the devil. At tho West Melbourne Presbyterian Church Mr Paton delivered & fiormon in aid of the New Hebrides Mission. In the oourse of his remarks he eaid the work is rapidly progressing. At one island where a mission Btntioa had been established the natives now, instead of fighting one another, were sll professed Chri-tlans, At another they wor shipped gods of wood and etone, and went about naked — no clothing on at all. Now we have sat down with 6U0 communicants. So groat an interest was taken in the work of conversions by one chief that 1 havo seen him begging them, with tears in his oyoB, to come to JesuB, aBd fleo tho wrath to como. Mr. Paton here referred in a moat touching manner to a native who had tried to murder him, bet now, thanks be to God, tho would- be murderer could not think enough of him. Ho (Mr. Paton) had looked aftor his tem poral necessities, having given him many blankets, and now his faith was vory firm, ho having lent bis assistance to spread the light amid tho surrounding darkuees. In alluding to the loss of the Hayspring in tho beginning of tho year Mr. Paton said that she was tho dolight of tho natives, and we must have another veBsol, or God's work on tho islands must stop. Tho success of Hia work depends wholly on you. In tho New Hebrides tho missionaries do not go down to buy land from tho natives for to- baooo and gin. No, they go to Christianise, not to civilian. Many miaaionariea havo lieen 0 nav" .;, - "i!'in.:; I f- w!-. .- i-ho.ii . ":i-; i paying .S50U a ; 'cf : twenty island." were juiseoJ upon your i care be n .d, " ceo thr.t the charge be I cy, ii'Tlt want, .'bet nil, your : pi-, -J ' your "V::i"y. A". "i.wroli, -46 street, 7 ;; ,' ;r.;cr i- Lo morning ituui. iriuiibi etv xxv. iu : 'Ana while they went to bay the bridegroom came ; and they that wero ready went in witi him to the marriage; and tho door was shu.k." Mr. Turner said tho u kingdom of Heaven," or tho reign tf tho heavens, is likened unto the day of general profession, represented in this figure by the five wise aud five foolish virgins, Two charaotors are hero con apkueua — fivo made wise unto Balva tion, and five not possessing know ledge unto fcalvation. ThiB distinction no man unenlightened by tho spirit of God oau really understand. All had lamps, yes, lamps of profession ; but fivo only bad oil, which signifies the grace of God. Though all were asleep, tbe wise had tho illuminating power. "Buy the truth and sell it not." Tho child of God buys it under course of affliction and trouble of mind, and cannot ssll it, and tbe unregenerate soul has no value wherewith he can purchase. Ask the convicted sinner what hie hope of salvation cost him, and you touoh a tender shord. Ho will aLBWcr, through neither voluntary act of his, nor education, nor association ; but the hope was a speoial gift of God, bestowed upon him through course of tribu lation. This soul will bo anx.ous to tell what the Lord has done for his soul. "And tho door was shut." What a solemn poai tion 1 Thousands who have made a profession will be taken by surprise when death stares them in tho face. "They that were ready went in." Have you ever thought if you aro ready? The Holy Spirit "stirs up the neat," and tho soul is perhaps impressed with the thought tbathis work is done : tho speaker eaid he had several times been brought to that position and was enabled to rest calmly, aware that he posseted the "oil." The object of many in making a profession is to imprnvo their position in life, and where this remains tbe inoentive, the profession will perish with this life. At the Oxford street Congregational Churoh, in tho morning, Mr. Bird preached from the worde, " Like as a father pitieth his children," with a view to illustrate tho Fatherhood of God ; a fatherhood only appli cable to those who "fear, ie., obey him." His mercy ia only on those who remember His commandments to do them. Speaking of the Bible, Mr. Bird said God had sent us this bok Himself. It was onpable of ouriog us of all our diseases, and of healing all our ail ments ; just as a man Buffering from consump tion or diabetes would speedily recover from uikuei uy icauiu auu IU'UMUIU uiu uuou treatise on it, if the principles ol the Bible are fairly and fully applied, they will make us all morally sound and healthy, and are capable of leading us to the highest acme of perfection. And as theso principles are boing applied evory week to the minds of the people by myriads of preachers in all parts of Christendom, and as this work has been going on for centuries past, this serves to account for tho high standard of "spiritual" and moral perfection attained by the great bulk of civilised mankind ia theso latter days. Tbo healthiest ol men, said Mr. Bird, havo been thoso who havo brought their minds into obedience unto tho will of Christ ; for althmigh He said " of myself I oan do nothing yet man can order his own steps aright ; and, although our Lord disclaimed all will of His own, and desired to do that of His Father only ; yet wo human belngB have to obey tho will of Christ; so that the words of the Lord's Pray or have to be understood in a different sense to that in which they were nsed by the Son of God, Yesterday morning the Rev. Martha Tamer was " inducted " as "Pastor" of the Uni tarian Churoh, The building was crowded. There was no ceremony. Miss Turner preaohed frem Bev. i. 0 : "And hath made us kings and priests unto God." Sho said the Cbrietirn Churoh is divided into three portions; Tho first part believes in an in fallible Churoh; the second believes In an in fallible Bible ; and the third believes in an in fallible and over living inspiration, and re fuses to bow to Churoh, Pope, or Bible, but brings evory matter to tho teBt of reason, and so it becomes the democracy of religion. Human naturo is so grand and sublime that wo rise above creeds and customs, and daily receive that guidance and inspiration wo require, and thus overy man becomes a king and priest unto God, and tbo ministers pro phets. Wo do not trust iD God, and believe that He will save ub, nor do we give fetish worship to tho Bible, but treat it as a precious guide and counsellor, for we are above it, and therefore do not accept it when it is contrary to reason or science. Christian ministers shoald be quick to observe tho times, and be able to see and go with the scienco and progress of tho age. On taking the position I now occnpy, said tbe fair preaober, I am liable to be oharged with "rushing in whero angels fear to tread," and to be tho subject of oriticism. Such, however, one must expect when step ping ont of the beaten track of custom. The step taken to-day is the result of circum stances, and there is no impropriety in fol lowing them. Woman is naturally the repre sentative of the laity, who are all kings and priestB to God, and it is certain that had woman's Influence been brought to bear upon Thoology it would have boon far less inhu man, Tho Apostle Paul laid injunctions against woman speaking in tbe chnrch, bnt we do not intend to discuss the point, though much could be said upon it. Wo are above tho Bible, not slaves to it. Unitarians are not united in opinion, so in preaching I usually give expression to opinions held by tho majority. Miss T. then gave o review of tbe circumstances whioh led to her becom ing the Fostoross of tho ohuroh. The Poly tech nie Hall was crowded to over flowing last night by an int lligent and atten- tivo audience. Mr. Tyorman's leoture was ontitled : " Is thoro a Hell ? — or, Tbo Doc trine nf Eterilal Puniihmont Examined in the light of Reason, Justice, and Benevolence." It was taught by tbe Chriitian Church that all men who did not beliove a given set of doctrines, and pursue a certain line of con- duot, would, at tbe end of their earthly life, bo cast into a plaoo oallod hell, to be tor mented for ever. Bid Christians fully realise tho tremendous import of that little word hell they so often used? Ho feared, not, or they would not II re tho sleepy, indolent, selfish religious life most of them 'did. If their doctrine was true it Wfls morally certain that many of their ancestors, and some of tlieir rpore recently departed relations and friends were at Jftat moment writhing in agonies that bafliad description. It was alBO morally certain that some of those doareat them now on earth would in a fow years pass to tho same horrid place to abaro the samo unuttorablo woe. Yet how_ oalmly the majority of Christians looked at that ap palling faofc— that iB, fact to them. But was the doctrine of a hell and eternal punish- msnt t ue ' He mniutaioed it was not only false, but one of tho most Inhuman, brutal- ising, blasphcmonB doctrines ovor taught in the name of religion, It WSH tiogiHRinS be felt to be a burthen on tho ohurobea—fi danger to popular thoology, and some of the olergy had boldly rejected it as an insult to God and man. Ho should not discuss the question on biblical grourds, broauso that book would support the most conflicting views on the subjoot. The three most onmmon theories wero that of eternal punishment, ; that of universal restoration, and that of total annihilation. Tho advocates of each founded it upon tho Bible, yet only ono of the three could bo correot ; and perhaps they were all wrong ; hence, what was tbo worth of a book which "ent its authority to such opposing notions? The question must bo tiled at the bar of reasoD, justice, and benevolefcos. After dwelling some time on tho supposed origin of hell, its locality, its capacity, its cha raoter, and tho naturo of its sufierinpB, the lecturer stated his reasons for i ejecting it as a demoralising fiction. First, on tho ground of reason. Was it reasonable to suppose that' God would create tho race, and keep it in existence, when it js said He foreknew the largost portion of it would not fulfil His expectations, and perUli ? Secondly, on the ground of justice. Com mon justice was outraged by the dootrine, becauso tbero was no proportion between the sin aud its penalty ; and no difference be tween great and little sinners as to the dura tion of their'punishmont, Nor was any allowanco made for a number of collateral circumstances arising out of a sinner's parent age, education, and lot in lifo ; and worst of all, it ignored ono of tho main objeots of punishment— the reformation of the wrong doer. Thirdly, on the ground of benevolenco. Could God love a sinner up to death, and then hate and punish him for ever? If so, Ho was a changeable boing. Aud could In finite Benevolenco look uon unnumbered millions of His creatures in torments, and make no effort to save them ? When would Christians cease to bhsphome the name of God ? Fourthly, on the ground of its per nicious tendency and effects. Sevoral other reasons were urged against it, and objections answered. Discussion followed tbe lecture. 