^ ^^^B Who lias not Been at some time an ^^^Kmpty house which has struck them as ^^Huie picture of desolation? They may ^^^Hmow a hundred, uninhabited tenements, ^^^But they look as well kept aud prospe BBBJroas as though they would soon be ailed ^^^EigaiB. They do not impress the senses i^hiu lilv aauiv way no uiat peculiar uuc, wuiun ^^Bappears to be condemned, like some out ^^Hcast, to perpetual seclusion iu the midst ^^Bof^happy neighbours, who mock, and ^^Kfiout, and taunt it with their bright win ^^Hdows and clean steps, and fresh paint and ^^B shining door knobs and knockers, just as ^^B'Mi. Well-to-do, who is making money ^^B and dresses well, and lodges luxuriously ^^B and feeds plentifully, may treat with ^^B scorn poor Do- nothing, who, unable to ^^K find employment of any sort, wears a ^^K patched threadbare coat, dwells in a leaky ^^B garret, and does not know where on ^Hr earth to look for to-morrow's dinner. ^^m Indeed, there is something more in this ^K comparison than appears at first sight, ^Hf for the world of the streets is apt to ^B treat the empty house much as it does BB the poverty- stricken man. The ragged BB lads who play about the avenues of the BBf streets, and bask about the sunshiny BK nooks, draw back and cease their jokes, BB aud are decorous in the presence of Mr. BK Trim or Mr. Broadcloth, but they have a ^B sarcasm or a coarse epithet for poor ^K Patch, and for poorer Tatter possibly a ^B sly pebble or a dab of mud. ^B Some years ago there was an empty BB house opposite to mine, which brought BK such thoughts as these to my mind. ^H There was a dirty bill in one of the win BS dows, and the remains of another upon Bm one of the window shutters, with direc ^B lions where to inquire as to rent, &c;, ^B but nobody seemed to dream of anybody BB taking it The neighbourhood was a ^B respectable one, and in striking contrast ^K with this one unfortunate tenement, and ?K happy faces at the windows of its neigh BB boors seemed to make them crow over it. ^B .'N«* that my empty house was utterly BB.' lonely either, for its door-step was, in BB ; fine weather, the chosen resort of a group BK'-' of little specimens of humanity, in dirt BJF snd rags, who, from, the seclusion of ?C some Belabouring alley, brought them Hp— chalky- and pieces of tiles and slate, ? '.with which they scratched uncouth ? figures npon the doors and shutters as Bj high as they could reach ; and with mud B . ? ? irom the gutter they made their dirt ? pies, and left the remnants to accumulate I . on tie ditty silL There was a plentiful I . supply of stones, too, in the macadamised I road, and a large family of boys, unable I to resist the tempting opportunity for | mischievous ' shies,' paid rough atten [ tion to the empty house with the flints, [ till the sunshine, which had long been I denied admittance through the dusty snd [ begrimed panes, found its way unimpeded [ through empty and dismantled sashes. I Possibly, too, in consequence of this, the F very sparrows, usually so bold, which [ . used to build under the eaves, and twit ter upon the window-Bills and house-top, forsook the ill-feted building, and left it to its destiny. I do not know what it was, but; there was something which powerfully attracted my attention to the place, and I often sat at my window and mused upon it Sometimes I thought it was in Chancery, for it Lad just the look of a house which the lawyers had thoroughly 1 riddled ; and sometimes I thought it bad the reputation of being haunted, for somehow or other, people always jgive ghosts credit for the very worst taste, and seem to think them incapable of choosing any but the most uncomfortable habita tioni. ???.-- -?..,? Passere-by would often stop to look at the house, and not {infrequently some of them would look over it ; snd then the owner or his agent would come with them, bringing the rusty key which turned with difficulty in the lock, and setting free the creaking door, which moved so lazily upon its hinges. This person was such a human likeness to the house, that I sometimes wondered he did not, out of pure sympathy, come and live there himself. He was a little bat tered-looking old man, whose rusty dirty suit of black just matched the doors and shutters, and I could almost fancy that his very spectacles, like the windows, were cracked aud broken by boys throw ing stones at him. These inquiries, however, always ended in nothing, except the great discomfiture of the children, who had dominion over the door-step, and who were always sum marily routed and driven off by peevish exclamations and feeble cuffs from the rusty little old man. I suppose most of those who came were merely actuated by curiosity. I was more than once tempted by the same motive to go and look at the inside myself, and those who had really serious designs of settling there were frightened out of them by the combined dismalness of the place, and the warder who had charge of it. At last, there really was some sign of the empty house being let I noticed one evening that a respectable, quiet-looking young couple, with an old lady in widow's weeds, whom I immediately decided was the widowed mother of either husband or wife (for of course they were hnsband and wife), went to look at the empty house, attended by the little old man ; and from the fact that after looking at the premises for a longer time than visi tors usually did, the party came out, and, contrary to custom, all four walked away together, I was led to suppose that I might have opposite neighbours. The next morning, before I left home for business, I saw at once that I was right as 'to the house having been taken. The little old man, notwith standing he looked so rusty, must have been a diligent as well as a quaint, old fashioned fellow, for there were ladders and steps, and painters, plumbers, brick layers and labourers, all at work upon the house. Some were upon the top re placing cracked tiles, others were making the windows weather-proof, and others again were intent upon counteracting the ravages of chalk, sharp slates, and dirt upon the paint of the doors and window shutters. The group of children came as usual, but they did not venture to at tempt to take up their old station ; the apparition of the old man scared them from that, and perhaps they were altoge ther too much struck with astonishment at the altered character of the scene, to attempt it But they were very unwil ling to give .up their old sovereignty and abandon the spot. They lingered doubtfully for some days about the place, sometimes looking at the tall ladders and the workmeo,and sometimes sitting upon the heaps of broken tiles and brickbats, watching the Irish hodman stirring the mortar about, with much the samefeelings perhaps as a red Indian lingers about the white man's clearing, formerly the hunting ground of his fathers. Possibly the youngsters thought all the men and ladders might be cleared away, and that they would succeed to the again vacant door step, with the added advantages of a newly-painted door to scratch upon ; and these hallucinations were not thoroughly dispelled for about a week, when they saw a charwoman scouring the passage and front steps. That suf ficed to wither all their hopes ; repairs they could have survived, for they re membered something of the sort once in their own alley, but scrubbing and wash ing were entirely unmistakable — they understood at once that somebody was 'coming in,' and dispersed to seek an other place of resort. It may be supposed that the diligence of the little old man, who never left the labourers all day, soon had the house fit for the reception of its new inmates, in spite of occasional damages to the glass department, till the boys became re conciled to its new smartness. He was there the first thing in the morning, sitting on a three- legged stool which I believe he brought with him, and he went with the men when they had their meals, so that they should not stay too long. Under such vigilant superinten dence, the last ladder and pair of steps were taken away in about a week, and the inmates — the two young folks, and the old widow lady I have already men tioned, and their household goods made their appearance. The furniture showed at a glance that both the past and the present had contributed their quotas to the household, for there were the old-fashioned, large-seated, heavy high-backed chairs of half a cen tury since, with a heavy square table, and a quaint, antique cabinet, matching well with the aged widowed mother ; while the light caned seats aod other modern requisites represented the young people just entering upon life. I knew at once what afterwards I found to be the case, that by probably a hasty mar riage, two households had been mingled into one. --? _ I was always a solitary, secluded man, given to make observations and to pick' up information about those who in terested me, but not to cultivate acquain tances ; and so it was from what I saw from my windows and fromr hearsay that I picked np what I knew of the new. comers. Slight as this source of information may seem to be, it is won derful what a deal of knowledge of a cer tain kind is ' obtained in this manner ; indeed, if anyone were to examine the sources of his own knowledge, he would find that if not the largest^ * *& very large proportion had been picked up from the chit-chat of society. V I was peculiarly favourably situated for acquiring knowledge in this way ; for my landlady, a chatty, good-tempered widow, knew the private history of most of her neighbours, and was extremely well versed in the gossip and scandal ot tile place ; and her extensive knowledge added to the equally diversified lore of the &t; old half-laundress, halfchar woman, who had lived all her life in the vicinity (and was the very parson who had scared the before-mentioned -urchins by scouring the once empty house), and the titbits of sayings and doings, com municated by the baker, butcher, green grocer, and milkman, famished a stock of history which, reinforced by my own habits of observation, fully qualified me for .giving the little narrative which fol lows, aod wMch*J am tempted to gpTe to the world, not so much for its intrinsic interest, or because it contains any record of great deeds, but because it shows in dustry and perseverance triumphing over the obstacles of the world, and bearing the burdens of misplaced benevolence. To begin, then, our tale in earnest The head of the house opposite was Thomas Winthorpe, who acted as book keeper to a large outfitting house in the city. He was a rather taciturn, grave young man, and bore these characteristics upon his face ; but he was fond of know ledge, and had acquired no small portion for a man in his position. Well prin cipled, and untiringly energetic and in dustrious, he had risen from a low station more from the passive habit of steady, good conduct, than ike active exercise of any brilliant qualities — and he felt a pride in the fact ; never hesitating, though he did not parade it, to utter the truth that he was first hired to sweep the offices, light the fires, and do other menial jobs. There was a striking similarity between him arid his little wife, (Kate Winthorpe, who had just changed her name from Kate Stevens), which you saw in their faces ; for Kate was grave, and habitually rather silent too. But her gravity had a shade more of pensiveness in it than Thomas's, which might have told the keen observer that it had not the same origin. Such, indeed, was the fact ; for what difficulty and early poverty had done for Thomas, youthful plenty and after troubles had done for Kate ; though the bright smiles which I could now and then see chasing the shadows over Kate's comely but not pretty face, as she bade her husband good-bye in the morning or welcomed him home at night, told that happiness was bringing back much of her original character. The old lady, Mrs. Stevens, Kate's mother, was a good sort of old lady, as £»r as I could learn, with a respectable tenderness for Thomas, and a fond affec tion for Kate, who had been the prop of her age and the solace of her troubles ; but without anything remarkable in her character beyond a meek resignation, which well supplied the place of a higher philosophy, and led her cheerfulness to accept the present and be content with the past. So far as I could glean, Mrs. Stevens was the widow of a once affluent yeoman in one of the western counties, who lived in the ' good old English style ;' liked his dogs and gun, and horses ; was not averse to a run with the hounds ; had a partiality for parish and club din ners, and was fond of plenty of company at home. This sort of thing might have done tolerably well in the palmy days of farming, when, with war prices, corn was, as Hood has it, ' at the Lord knows what per quarter ;' bnt when lower prices came with peace, and more industry and less expenditure was required, poor Stevens was one of the first to feel the altered times, and as he could not give up his old habits, difficulties began to press upon and thicken around him. After a few years, creditors became clamorous, and the landlord urgent for the payment of rent in arrear, and the result was that he was compelled to give up his farm and sell his stock to save himself from a prison. This left him a small remnant, upon which, if he had been a prudent, self-denying man, he might have begun the world afresh ; but he took his down fall so much to heart, that in a few months he died of his old enemy, the gout Mrs. Stevens was thus left a widow with two children ; Kate, a young girl of fifteen or sixteen, and Charles, a young man of three or four and twenty, who held a small farm in that neighbourhood, and had hitherto depended more upon his father's purse than his own industry. Little as Mrs. Stevens knew of the world, she felt that it would not do to depend upon Charles, who was one of those joltyi good-tempered, careless fellows everybody knowB — men who go on toler ably well so long as all is smooth, but, wanting providence and foresight, are pretty sure to founder upon the first dangerous rock ahead. To do Charles justice, however, he would willingly have shared his home with his mother and sister, and for a long time managed to remit to them enough to pay their rent When the first grief of widowhood was over, Mrs. Stevens and her daughter, without any very definite plan, but drawn by that strange attraction which impels alike the helpless, the inexperi enced, and the ambitious to the great centres of population, came up to London with the - small sum of money which, after every debt had been scrupulously discharged, was left to her. Beyond that, resource she had none, save the ad dress of a first cousin who, report said, had grown very rich in trade, and to whom she hoped she might look for aid and advice. In this she -was, however, speedily undeceived, for, upon calling upon her cousin and introducing herself and Kate, she was received by the withered old miser very curtly, and told that, as he came up to London with five and ninepence in * his pocket, and had managed to get on fairly, she with fifty pounds in her pocket could do very well without help. Perhaps if the widow had let Kate plead her suit she might have fared better; for the old man patted Kate's back, and seemed to dip his hand in his pocket, -with the half intention of making her a present ; but it was only a half intention, and the widow went away with a heavy heart, convinced that she must not look for assistance in that quarter. I need not tell what little I know of the efforts of Mrs. Stevens to find for herself a useful place in the great, busy, unfriendly, or at least coldly indifferent, world of London life — bow she found thousands as eager and as anxious as herself — how, although she pinched, and stinted, and denied herself every luxury, she saw her small stock of money silently wasting away, and no apparent means of getting more ; all these things are un happily so every -day and common-place, such mere, ordinary, vulgar troubles, that everybody knows them, and nobody cares to hear more about them. At last one day, after a weary walk under a scorching sky in search of em ployment, the widow and her daughter flaw in the window of an outfitter's shop,; the welcome annonncetnent, 'Good shirt bands wanted.' So the widow and Kate entered, and with some little trembling saw the person whose business it was to give work to the needle-women, and made known their errand. Mr. Sturt, a sharp, rather lough man, who had the management of this department, said, 'Yes, they did want ? bands/ but tiey required some one to become security for the work given out' The widow's chagrin was as great now as her hopes were high a few minutes before, and she said at once that she did not know anyone who would become security, at which Mr. Sturt was turning coldly away ; but suddenly thinking of her cousin, she said to herself that he would surely not refuse her this one favour, and she told Mr. Sturt that she would try and come again, and timidly gave that gentleman her address. As soon as the widow's back was turned, Mr. Sturt threw the address on the floor; for he was perfectly sure of having plenty of applications, and it did not matter to him whether the widow ever came again or not; but Thomas Winthorpe, who was employed in a different department of the business, happened to be a witness of the scene, had seen the widow's hand shake, and lips quiver with hope and disappointment, and had marked the anxious look of Kate ; and with that sympathy which past povetry often begets for the poor, he picked up the ' rejected address,' resolving that he would in quire, and if Mrs. Stevens and her daughter deserved it, he would help them to the work. . _ It was more than a year since Mrs. Stevens had seen her rich cousin, and when she hastened to his house to prefer her humble petition it was 6hut up, and all the information she could gain from the neighbours was that Mr. Norton had gone no one knew whither. This was a sad blow to Mrs. Stevens and Kate; what to do they knew not, and as they wended their way back to their now almost destitute home, their poverty ap peared more hopeless than ever ; for disappointment is far harder to bear than mere trouble, just as the sky never looks so dismal and threatening as when a bright ray has just departed, and the sun has sunk behind a thick, dark cloud. Thomas Winthorpe, however, carried his good intentions into effect directly he left business, and little as he was able to glean in their neighbourhood of their life and past history, he was convinced that Mrs. Stevens and her daughter deserved help. How, however, to afford them assistance without wounding their feelings was for some tiae a difficult question ; but at last he determined to become security for them at the shop without their knowledge, ani then to call as if it were a matter of business, and tell them that they could hive work. The uest morning, accordingly he told Mr. Sturt that he intended to become surety for Mrs. Stevens, and took no notice of that individual's shrugs, and winks, andinuendoes — which were meant to insinuate a sinister motive upjn the part of Thomas — further than by looking at him so fixedly and composedly, and withal with such an expression of con tempt, that Mr. Sturt, although not a very bashful personage, was fairly con fused ; and in the evening Thomas called and introduced himself to Mrs. Stevens, and told her that, in consequence of inquiries which had been made, she might have the work when she pleased. The widow and Kate, who had not stirred out of the house that day, and were in the depths of despair, not know ing which way to turn for help, looked upon Thomas as a preserving angel, and could almost have worshipped him for the unexpected good news of which he was the bearer ; nor was their estimation of him lessened when the widow, remem bering what had been said about security, questioned him as to how that obstacle had been overcome ; and after a few awkward attempts at parrying and equivocation, Thomas, who was but a poor dissembler, confessed the kindly part he had acted, and was overwhelmed with their expressions of gratitude. From that moment they became intimate, and before the interview, which was a some what long one, concluded, Thomas saw, partly from their conversation, partly from the relics of furniture they had managed to transport to London, that they had moved in a more comfortable station, and were simple country folks ; and with a feeling possibly prompted by an unconscious heartleaning to the quiet Kate, and a latent wish to keep her away from the shop, he offered, as he lived close by, to take their work to and fro for them, and so to save them the trouble of going into the city — an offer which Mrs. Stevens, who, in her de pressed circumstances, shrunk from strangers, and had no wish to face the rough Mr. Sturt, thankfully accepted. From this time the widow and her daughter sat down earnestly to work ; and though luxuries are not the lot of those who live by shirt-making, yet as the house they were employed by, was a respectable one, and paid something better than slop prices ; and as Thomas contrived that they should have the best description of work, and Charles Stevens, from time to time, remitted to them sufficient to pay their rent, they with their simple wants soon began to feel tolerably comfortable and independent Thomas, too, who was an orphan, did not neglect his opportunities of knowing them better, and became a close and dear acquaintance, whose coming every evening was regularly looked for. At first, of course, he only made business calls, and now and then sat and chatted afterwards, then he brought a few flowers for their mantel-piece, or a book, or newspaper, which *he thought might amuse them, and by-and-by he read to them ; and at last business, instead of being the primary object of his visits, was the last thing thought of and left till lie was going away; occasionally, too, Thomas thought that they -were working too hard, and that a walk would do them good, and he became tie com panion of their little promenades. Of course, the experienced reader will see in all this that Thomas was in love with Kate ; and so he was, but Thomas was a prudent man. Kate was young as well as himself; he had but a small salary, and it was better to wait till he could offer Kate such a home as he should like to see her mistress oC And Kate, what of her 1 did she love Thomas Winthorpe too ! Well, we don't know enough of the female heart to answer such a qaestion. How should an old bachelor, indeed, get such knowledge? But perhaps our better-informed lady friends may be enabled to form an opinion, when they are told that Kate began to dress herself with more care, and to curl her luxuriant . dark hair more sedulously, and that she 'was more fidgety titan her mother as the time for Thomas . to '-.call V approached, and |rew fonder, of vthe books he brought . *nd ttie ft-ir#rg piE his giving. Mrs. Stevens, however, saw nothing of all this, and Thomas never spoke of love, and Kate never analysed her feelings, so that we suppose, if she was in love, she had glided into it so gently that she did not know it herself. Something like three years had passed away in this humble but tranquilly happy state of existence, during which Thomas had been silently adding to his stock of furniture, and quietly saving money out of his small salary, when a new misfortune fell upon the Stevenses. The mother had had weak eyes when a child, but as she grew up to womanhood the defect had disappeared. Still, there was a latent tendency to disease, which it seemed close application to needlework in her declining years had developed. For a long time Mrs. Stevens had felt this, but concealed it from Kate, till her eyes became so dim that she could not go on any longer, and Kate became aware of the truth. This was a sad blow, and Kate, who had come to look instinctively to Thomas for advice, took the oppor tunity when her mother was out of the room for a few minutes at his next visit, to tell him the fact, and her fears that her mother was going blind. This was their first confidence, which I have been told goes a great way in love affairs, and from that time they were drawn still closer together. Thomas advised imme diate medical assistance, and, not liking to offer Kate the fee, arranged to get an hour or two the next day but one, and accompany them to an eminent oculist This was done, and the surgeon, after examining the widow's eyes, said that skill could do nothing for her, but that rest was indispensable, and that she mast not exert her sight. The whole of the work was now thrown upon Kate, and unmurmuringly did the noble girl bend herself to the task of pro viding for herself and her nearly blind mother. The first dawn of light saw her, needle in hand, and Thomas found her at night stooping over her task. Their little walks were given up, aud she denied her self almost the bare necessaries of life, so that her mother might not feel the change. This could not go long without Kate's health suffering, and Thomas saw with grief the pale cheek, and the thinning figure, aud the red tinge round the eye lids, which spoke of overwork and failing strength. These changes did not improve Kate's good looks, but when did true love ever think of beauty ? He saw that the poor girl must soon break down, aud then there were but two courses open, either to offer his hand, which he was sure would be accepted, or to offer them as sistance. From motives of prudence, Thomas had rather that the time when he should become a housekeeper for himself had beeu longer delayed ; but he did not like to offer her money, for he felt as though an obligation would make her feel de pendent, and draw her from him ; and so he resolved at once to make her his wife, and save her from the fate which otherwise seemed impending over her. How this declaration was made, and where, and whether or nut there were many blushes or smiles, or tears, or kisses, I really do not know ? but from Thomas's practical manner, and Kate's earnest, truthful, straightforward mind, and the length of time time they had been as intimate and confidential as brother and aister, I should think that there waslittleof what some folk choose to call ' the sentimental,' although perhaps there was not any the less of true senti ment. But certain it is, that Thomas was accepted, the widow did not object, and all the neighbourhood soon knew that Kate Stevens and Thomas Wiu thorpe were about to be married. Of course, as is usual on such occasions, there was plenty of comment A good many young ladies who had done their best to *' set their caps ' at Thomas, in tensely pitied poor Kate for choosing such a qjoiet, stupid sort of fellow, and not a few old ladies, who would have jumped at Thomas for a son-in-law, were ' sin cerely ' glad it was not their daughter. And there was a universal chorus of pro phecy, as to the troubles that awaited the young couple ; for what (said the prophets) could they do with Thomas's small salary, and Kate's old mother, if they came to have a family ? and so forth. Kate and Thomas knew nothing of all this, and if they had,' it would not have affected them much, for confident in their quiet, earnest affection for each other, they looked forward to the future, not as a period of easy enjoyment, but as one of effortful, though hopeful industry. The preliminaries were soon arranged, Thomas had no Mends to consult, and Charles Stevens was glad to hear that his sister was about to be married — a license was dispensed with, and the vulgarity of banns resorted to to save expense. The bride was given away by a young mechanic, a friend of Thomas's whose sister acted as brides maid ; there was a quiet dinner at Tho mas's lodgings, no wedding tonr, and the next day they went into the empty house which had been done up for their recep tion, and suited their scanty means, and when filled with the new furniture of Thomas, and the old relics of the widow, Kate thought that, aye, and so did Thomas too, it made the most comfort able home they had ever seen. I have purposely hurried over this part of my story, because it is 60 very commonplace. After people have been deluged with brides in white satin and Brussels lace veils, supported by a splendid train of bridesmaids all deluging their cambric worked handkerchiefs in sympathetic tears, what could I say for a marriage with a bride in plain white, and Miss Jones, in a dyed silk for a bridesmaid, and dry pocket handkerchiefs into the bargain, to make it interesting? Obviously nothing. Yet, for all that, it was possibly as happy a wedding as was ever solemnised at St George's, Hanover Square, and chronicled in the Morning Post, with half- a-dozen flourishes of trumpets. My readers now know all about the people who came into the .empty house, and made it look as cheerful as it had before looked miserable. Of their domestic life 2, of course, knew little ; they kept no servant, and Kate was occasionally to be seen through the win dows dusting and brushing about ; but long before Thomas came home she was neat and even smart, and her ready smile as she opened the door told me now happy they were. It made even me half romaptic, and if I could have ?found just such another Kate, I half thought that I should have renounced an old bachelor's life. Of their pecuniary affairs I, of cpnrse, knew jittie, bat I saw that their baker called regularly, and that Kate went out with her market basket, and if they had run in debt I was sure that I should have heard of it After a little while, though, I began to notice that Thomas had a habit which gave me some uneasiness for the future of the young couple. When he came home he stayed for about an hour, or just long enough to have his tea, and then went out again for about two hours. It is true that he did not exhibit any symptoms of dissipation when he re turned, but I did not like the habit. My mind, however, was set at rest by my landlady, who could tell me all about it She knew young Jones, the cabinet maker, who was present at the wedding, and informed me that Thomas Winthorpe, who was a good mechanic, employed his spare time in working with Jones, and that both of them prudently put by the earnings of their leisure time as a fund for future contingencies, so that my mind was set at rest npon that pnint In due time, a little Kate blessed the household of my opposite neighbours, and, next, a little Thomas, and everything appeared to go on as happily as ever ; and the old grandmother who had only partially recovered - the use of her eyes, leading her little grand daughter, and led in her turn by Kate, who also carried the baby, would often go out for a walk, leaving the servant girl in charge of the house (for Thomas's salary having in creased, they could afford to keep a girl now without being extravagant), aud a happier family group it would not be easy to find. It was about this time I observed a new additiun to the family in the shape of a stout, ruddy young man, who wore a green coat, with bright buttons, and looked like a country farmer. I at once guessed that this was Kate's brother, of whom I had heard, on a visit to his sister, and though I was right as to the person, the other part of my guess was incorrect It was Charles Stevens, but he was not there upon a visit The fact was that Charles, whoce foresight never went the length of looking a year ahead, had been totally ruined by a failure in the wheat crops of his farm. All his property had been sold, and he left destitute of everything except a few pounds in his pocket, and without any great stock of energy and intelligence to fall back upon, had sought the refuge of his brother-in-law's roof, which, no doubt, was at first cheerfully afforded him. But it was soon evident that Charles was likely to bear heavily upon the Winthorpes, for he did not seem dis posed to exert himself to gain a liveli hood. He appeared to lounge about the house all day, and towards the evening, evidently to Thomas's chagrin, came out to lean on the gate and smoke his pipe in the open air, thus giving the house an air somewhat different from its former aspect of respectability. I saw, too, as I sat up late reading (a bad habit of mine), that a light burned till midnight in the Winthorpe's windows, and some times hearing a heavy knocking, I looked out and saw at their door the bright buttons of Charles Stevens shining in the light of the gas lamp. So far as I could learn, Thomas Win thorpe never visited these offences of the brother upon his wife, but for her sake suppressed his indignation at the care less, thoughtless, lazy habits of Charles, and bore all in silence ; but I heard that he talked of them to young Jones, and lamented the moral obligation he felt to support Charles even in idleness. These feelings, we may be assured, were not lessened when Kate made a third addi tion to the family, and passed through a long and dangerous, and, of course, ex pensive illness, and I was told (the gossips knew all this through 'Miss Jones, the bridesmaid) that Thomas had been, obliged to devote his earnings of his overtime to pay the doctor's bill and the quarter's rent, for which he had been unable otherwise to provide. When Kate got up and resumed her family duties, there were other indica tions of poverty in the household, one of which was that the servant girl was dis charged, notwithstanding that there was more necessity than ever for her assist ance. Kate's morning walks were given up — she, as well as her husband, looked more careworn — the old grandmother acted the part of housemaid, and Thomas wore a more threadbare coat than usual Nobody looked jolly and comfortable, except the ' ne'er do well,' who was the cause of these uncomfortable changes, but he looked as ruddy and careless, and smoked his pipe at the front gate, as composedly as ever, disturbed only by the recollection that he had once been so much better off, and the knowledge that he had not so much money to spend as he used to bare ; for by this time the cash he had brought with him from the country, 'and of which he had never offered Thomas a penny, was well-nigh gone. StilL Thomas, though hard-pressed, worked on patiently and perseveringly, hoping for better times, and these fortu nately were close at hand. People say that ' troubles never come alone,' and I am inclined to think Fortune always sends her favours in showers. Be that as it may, just at this time, Charles, who was getting disgusted - at idleness, without plenty of pocket-money, received and accepted an offer to go out to Aus tralia, with an old farming acquaintance; and a few days more saw his chest put into a cab, into which vehicle he fol lowed, while Kate and his mother (Thomas was away at business) bade him a tearful farewell ; and, within a few days, Thomas's employers, more than satisfied with his conduct, pro moted him to a post where his salary was doubled. What a change came over the house and family ! The old servant girl came back, and seemed so glad and brisk that she was never tired of work, and made the place look brighter and neater than ever. The walks, too, were resumed, aud Thomas, justified in ceasing his evening work, made one of the party after tea. Kate's cheek grew round and rosy again, and Thomas's eye was brighter, and bis old grave smile came back as he enjoyed the happiness and comfort he had 80 well earned ; and, to crown all, I am told that the young Winthorpe's.will be very rich,* for that little rusty, shabby, old man, who used to show the empty house, is Mrs. Stevens's rich cousin, whom Jane had not recognised, and the old lady was too short-sighted to notice, and who had left his former house, and assumed the name of Willis, bo that he might not be found Dut and worried by his poor relations. My landlady informs me that the old man, who knew his relations from the Srst, was struck with Thomas's punctu ility in always paying the rent on the lay it was due, and by his untiring in dustry (qualities which probably found in echo in his own nature), and that the seautiful children (strange that such a little withered old miser should love blooming, careless children), have com pleted his liking for the family. Thomas, however, has refused all the old man's offers of assistance, and insists on con tinuing to pay the rent for the house ; and the old gentleman, who is now a Erequent visitor, and really does not look half so rusty as he used, unable in any other way to confer cbligations upon the family, has claimed to stand godfather for the third child, and has bequeathed to the youngsters all his large property, so we may fairly presume that the worst difficulties of the Winthorpes are over, and that a happy future is in store for them. Header, my little tale, or without plot, as it is, you may say, my long gossip, is at end. It began about an empty house, and has run through the fortunes of a family. How like a path in life, where the first step ushers us onward we know not where ; or, to compare small things with great, how like a philosopher pick ing up at random a simple stone, and thence being led on to the comprehen sion of the physical history of the world. Bat, plotless tale, or rambling gossip, whichever it may be, I hope it has not been without its usefulness, but that it has served as one more piece of proof that integrity, charity, industry, and self-denial, if they do not always com mand success, give a man the best possible chance of obtaining it on the only condition which renders success worth having — namely, the preservation of self-respect 