Miscellanea. LETTER FROM CANON FREMANTLE ON EIGHT-DAY MISSION. 3rd September. 1873. My Dear Sir — You have asked me to give you the result of my experience in the work of missions. I do not feel that I am qualified to say much upon the subject, not having attended so many missions as some of my brethren, who have been more constantly engaged in them. You are welcome to the opinion I have formed of the mission movement, for what it is worth. What, then, has been the effect of missions ? Generally, I reply, it has quickened religious life wherever the work has been prayerfully and faithfully carried out. It has had a sensible influence upon the clergy and church workers. It has roused formalists, and converted many outsiders. It has given assured evidence of the presence of the Holy Ghost in the church. It is a testimony of the life and zeal of her ministers, and has afforded an opportunity for* preaching the gospel to persons and in places -which is not given at other times. Success has arisen chiefly where the following means have been used : — 1\. When the minds of the people have been prepared for the occa sion. The wider the range, and the more general the co-operation of parishes in a given district, whether it be in a town or in a rural deanery, the better, provided that the fundamental basis of the movement be strictly confined to the preaching of Christ, united prayer for the presence of the Holy Ghost, and the promotion of spiritual life in the communion of the body of Christ. Anything approaching to party spirit or sectional rivalry, whether among Churchmen or Dissenters, grieves the Holy Spirit, and throws a shade over the work. If it is undertaken at all, it should be with single ness of eye, honestly and heartily. 2\. 1 need not repeat what has been recommended in several pub lications as to the organisation of a mission, such as ' Special Mis sions,' by Rev. S. C. Morgan, &c.; The chief points I would urge are— 1\. The selection of the mission preacher, who shall minister in the same church each day during the week. 2\. The securing the help of one or two laymen who are qualified to take part in occasional addresses, prayer-meetings, and after meetings. . 3\. In providing suitable hymns and tunes. ? 4\. In making arrangements for personal interviews for inquirers with the mission preacher, or the parochial ministers. 5\. In the administration of the Holy Communion from time to time during the mission week. .'?..'. 6\. In enlisting volunteers to visit every house in the parish, to distribute notices and tracts, &c.; A few general observations will explain some of these points. The idea of a special mission is not to make the pulpit the attraction. Hitherto the effort in Advent and Lenten services has been to have a succession of well-known and gifted preachers, and thus to draw a con gregation, and interest those who seldom or never attend church. The mission, on the other hand,has .f or its object the promotion of a spirit of prayer, to quicken the religious life of the parish, and to direct the hearts of all to the higher source of blessing by the presence of the Holy Ghost in the means of grace. ? Thus the mission preacher comes in answer to prayer ; he instructs, exhorts, and comforts with the hearty sympathy of his hearers. He feels that he is addressing people whose minds have been stirred, and who are waiting like Cornelius (Acts x. 33) and his family to hear the words of eternal life. Hence it is found that, although the sermons may not contain a word or an argument which has not been uttered again and again, yet they come in demonstration of the spirit and of power. I have myself more than once spoken to persons who have been accustomed for years to hear the most awakening preachers, but who have never been moved to penitential tears, and abiding, loving faith in. Jesus, until they were brought under the influence of some very simple statement in a mission sermon. Again, the difference between the mission and the ordinary notion of the pulpit consists in the fact that in the latter the world is proclaimed to the mass, and, like bread cast upon the waters, when the sermon is ended the preacher has done his work ; but it is not so with the mission. Here the sermon is, or ought to be, an appeal to individuals, and should be followed up, if possible, by personal communication and by united prayer. It should bring the preacher out of his pulpit down into the pew. face to face with individual consciences, and therefore it is better, in my opinion, that the after-meetings should be held in the church, when the regular service is ended, rather than in a school- room. All who are so disposed should be invited to remain in their places, and after silent prayer and the singing of a hymn, a short address and prayer should be made ; but by no means let the congregation be interrupted by the mission preacher or his helpers moving about and speaking in whispers to the people while they are on their knees. Time should be allowed for this afterwards. A band of workers should be in readiness to go to one and another who may desire it, to take down names and addresses, to make appointments for private interviews in the vestry, or wherever it may be most convenient, the same evening, or at a fixed hour the follow ing morning. Those who have not assisted at such meetings can have no idea how effectual and comforting a word spoken in season is to an anxious soul, nor how busy the devil is to pick up the seed sown in the heart and to hinder its growth. Some persons have declined to co-operate in missions on the ground that they produce undue excitement, and that when the fever heat is over there is a relapse into indifference and hardness. If by excitement is meant fainting away, extravagant sensation, and noisy ejaculations, of course no one would defend it, or say that the presence of the Holy Ghost would be manifested in unseemly and unnatural confusion ; but if by excitement is meant the out burst of convictions which cannot be suppressed, and the utterance of .feelings which find expression in tears and words, and which carry along with them unmistakable evidence of reality, then . we can only rejoice that there has been a troubling of the water, and the dead are giving signs of life. Although it is not fully recorded, there is room for imagining how much excitement there must have been at the raising of Lazarus ; what tears and groans, what doubts and unbelief before, and what exclamations of surprise and joy When the living man was loosed from his bandages and began to walk and speak ; and why should we question the reality of the work of grace because tears of sorrow and of joy accompany the experience of those who are awakened by the Holy Ghost from the sleep of sin to the life of righteousness at a mission service? No doubt there will be excitement when souls are quickened: angels rejoice in heaven, devils lament and are confounded ; the missions must create excitement, but it is the excitement of the inner, not of the outer man — of the spirit, not of the flesh — if it is genuine. ? I must not omit to notice the grave and delicate question of what is called ' dealing with souls.' I do not like the term, but it is used to express the mode in which we are to instruct and comfort those who seek help at our hands. There is something peculiarly awful in the thought that you are on such occasions called upon to speak for. God to a soul roused perhaps for the first time to a consciousness of guilt and danger, to hear the confession of an ill-spent life, or some besetting sin, or to solve some subtle case of conscience. This, as it has been said, looks very much like the confessional, and may, if not carefully guarded, become a source of evil, and not of good. The danger, as it appears to me, consists in the readiness upon the impulse of the moment to usurp the place of God, and to precipitate the work which has been begun, and, if it is real, will be carried on by a higher power. No one can stand between God and the soul except Jesus. No one can forgive sins but God only, and therefore the mission worker must jealously watch over his spirit, lest he put forth the hand of Uzzah to prop up the ark of God. What is wanted is sympathy, and we must go down into the dust of penitence with the sinner, and join heart to heart in his confessions and cries for mercy. We must feel with him, not dogmatise; we must weep with him, not upbraid; we must rejoice with him when joy comes, not. suspect. We cannot drive people into faith, but we can be fellow- workers with God in drawing souls with the cords of love and with the bands of a man. Much may be done by taking advantage of a mission for collecting different classes of people together for special addresses. Workmen . and workwomen in mamtfactories, agricultural labourers at their dinner hour, home servants, railway porters, police, cabmen, &c.; These services should be followed up by Bible classes and prayer meetings, conducted by the parochial minister 'and his church workers. In truth the work of the mission begins when the mission week ends. I have now seen missions worked in towns and rural districts in places as different in character as is possible to conceive, such as Oxford and Sheffield, the town of Birmingham, and a retiree! village on the Chiltern Hills, but in all similar results have been produced, and I cannot doubt but that the movement is one specially adapted to the circumstances of the church at the present moment. If there are any points which are omitted, and upon which you . should desire information, I shall be happy to give it you to best of my power. — I am, my dear sir, yours very truly, W. E. Fremantle. Rev. 0. S. Isaacson, 2 Thurlow-road, Hampstead, N.W. 