THE FIEMINGTON HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Last Saturday the meet was at Es sendon cross-roads, but there was not so large an attendance as I expected, although the weather was most favourable and the country thereabouts is more pleasant to ride over, not being so stony as beyond Foots cray. The master, although present, was unable to ride, as he was still suffering much pain from the kick he received the previous Saturday. Mr.. French was entrusted with the horn. The field consisted of about 80 horsemen, and proceeded up a green lane not the green lanes of old England-to the right of the Mount Alexander road, at the end of which the hounds gave tongue and were soon away. After going over a low post and rail fence we crossed a fine grass paddock, and then bore across the Castlemaine-foad. Into the road the jump was not a very easy one, the fence being strong and higa, with a drop on the landing side. Mr. Smith led the way, followed by Harding on The FooL Here a young gentleman, .who lives in the neighbourhood, went at it in good style, but bis horse hitting hard all round, he was shifted on to the animal's neck, and from thence, nolens volens, on the broad of his back to mother earth. But the youngster is a good-plucked one, and was soon up and on again. Only one or two others of the field got over this " obstacle," the majority being compelled to take advantage of a broken rail, and even there it was an awkward jamp at the best. Meanwhile the hounds were run* ning over a fine grass country until we came to a check near the chapel on the hill above Kettor, which was welcome to most of us. After a few minutes the hounds hit off the scent again, and went across the Keilor-road towards the cemetery. Here the field began to get "fine by degrees and beautifully less," as the fences were big and strong, and not to be easily broken thrdugh. It was a pretty sight hereabouts, as some 20 men rode the line, and not a rail was broken, or a mis* take made, or a stone knocked out of a wall. ,1 Coming to the road near Solomon's Ford there was another check for a few seconds, but the hounds quickly were on the scent again, and headed for M'Dougall's old farm! and' finally stopped near Hoffman's. The hounds worked capitally considering the state bf the ground, whioh was very hard, some tain being sadly needed. , Sam's "vice acquitted himself well, as sisted by the whips, and altogether the gallop wasa very ehjoyablfe one. . ? Yours, &c.;, : SAM'S GHOST. \ MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB.-A special general I meeting of the members will be held on. Monday next, at Mr. Bagot's office, at 4 p.m. All members ire particularly reqfteBtea 1$ attend. ?/ - . Dr. BRIGHT a PH0Sta0f>*ra.-Multitudes of peoplfe are hopelessly' Buffering from Debility, Nervoub and lAver Complaints, Depression ot Spirits, De lusions, Unfitness (or Business or Study, Failure <ti ! Hearing, Bight, and Memoiy, 'want of Power, whose , oases admit of a permanent «ure by the new remedy, Phosphodyne (Oriraic Oxygen), which at onofe allays .all Irritation and ,exdtement, Mparts ,»efc energy and life to the ettfeefMed constitution, ant rapidly cure* every stage ot these hitherto intnfirablp anddutncaing izuaadiee. Ite particular to ask for De. Blight's Pfco^nhodyne,*# Imitation* ar« abroad. Bolt by all chemists and' storekeepers throughout _U4 coloniaj.-£4um.]. -tr I 