CRICKET. The return match was played betw an the Deloraine and Dunorlan Clubs on Saturday last, on ground belonging to Mr Fowler, son., with the following result : DUNOWAM. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Burke, run out ... 7 b Grimshaw... 27 C. Tregurtla, o HeolD don ....... ... 0 o Orimshaw... 0 G. Fowler, b Orimshaw 3 b Grimshaw... 17 A. Oliver, b Grimshaw... 7 not out ... 10 Y. Tregurtla, b Field... b R. G. Horne 0 T. Kelley, leg before wic. 3 b t. G. Horne 0 H. Elliot, b rimshaw... 4 Cain ... 0 T. Burke, b Grimsaw... 3 bGrimshaw... 7 E. WVyntt, b C. P. Col lins ......... 3 e Cottain ... 3 M. Burke, a Cain ... 1 st Orimshaw 1 M. Kelley, b Field 0 b tR. . Horne 2 L. Harris, not out ... 0 b Orinshaw... 8 Byes 3, wide 7 ... 10 Byes & wides 23 Total ... ... 50 104 50 Grand total ... 154 DELOAINE. 1st Innings. 2nd Innings. O. P. Collins, not out ... 17 e F. Kelley ... 2 It. G. Horne, b Wyatt ... 9 b Burke ... 0 It. L Bunco, b WVyatt... 17 b Oliver ... 2 W. Heffernan, e Harris 0 bOliver ... 2 J. Cottain, run out ... 0 o Oliver ... 1 S. Grimslhaw st Burke... 11 b Oliver ... 1 T. Carr, b Olive blvr ... 0 b Oliver 1 J. Olive-, run out ... 0 Harris ... 4 W. Field, o l. Burke ... 0 st Fowler ... 0 H. Rock, e Fowler ... 0 st Fowler ... G. Dooglas. run out ... 3 b . Brko... 4 J. Hunter, b Burke ... 0 not out .. 1 Byes, wides, &e.; ..: 19 Byes, &c....7; 00 33 Dunorlan winning by 55 runs. The con quering match will be played at Deloraino on Saturday next. LoxoronD.-Wo learn by private tele gram thait it has been decided to hold a meeting at Longford on latinst., to pro test against the levy of the railway rate. " TieI AusTaALAsIAr SKETOIIaER" of December 27th is to hand, and is a capital number. To cricketers it is especially in teresting, as it contains excellent por traits of the All England Eleven, and an engraving "Practising for the All Eng land Eleven." It is even more profusely illustrated this month than preceding numbers. A largo chromo-lithograph, entitled "Somebody's Coming" acces panies the Sketcher. HoAnRT Town RAonse Solsoots. The annual meeting took place at the Mayor's Court on Tuesday evening. His Excellency the Governor presided. BENEVOLENT SooIETY.-Yesterday, tile weekly meeting of tie Benevolent So ciety was held as usual. Present Messrs Ditclam, Tyson, Babington, M'Leod, and the booertary. With refer once to the late announcement of the Juno Star Comedy Company that they would play for tile bonoQt of the Society the Secretary stated the Company had never obtained permission from the So ciety, nor had anytlhing booeen e coived from the proceeds. The Secretary reported the receipt of a choque for £2 from "Friends to the poor at Christmas," and a £1 note from "A Country Friend" In both cases the donors wished their namnes not to be re vealed. The Chairman referred to the great assistance tie Society h?ld received this year in this mannor,l and attributed it first to tle good example sot by Dr Miller and Mr Fyah, and also to thle Society having boon pdaced before the public by tie proceedings being re ported. He toult great thanks were duo to tile eZamaer, which had been very attentive notwithstanding the oppo sition and nasty remarks madb at the ini tiation of the practiceo. These donations might now be looked upon as being sub stantial evidence that the public had con fldence in the Society. MELnoURon s BT SEArns,--Tho T'amar is to leave here for Melbourne on Sattur day at 5, and thei Deruew , whihel is expected on Sunday, will ail with the Eoglish mail on Wednesday, at naon, from the Bar. COuuvaler. - An anti-railway rate mooting is to take place at Clhudloilg next Saturday week, On occasilo of tlhe races on Moenday neot, return tickets will be lested from sall stations to Duloraino, at single fares. We hayve received a copy of the Liver pool and London and Globe IInsurance Company's Almanac for 1874. It is very neatly printed in colors. TIE lBAzAAlt was continued on Tuesday and yesterday. Muany of the most valu ablt articles were disposedof by raffles, and a very good trade was done at the stalls. The gr'at organl was brotught into re lcisl tlon in the ovcningc, Mr Fergueson khidly ofliciating. The uInla,ir closed last night when a number of articles remaineld un sold. We believe it intended to have a supplementary sale at an early data. The proceeds so far have beeoon encouraging. LAUNOeTONx HOsrPITAr. - Tecndoers aere invited bI the Colonial Treaurer for tile supplly offour and a quarter tells sugar, to be delivered in boed eat Lmmauceeton, not later than Monday 5th Jmatnary, WaEsi?une.-Tho Warden convones A meeting of.ratopayer for Monday next, to take into consideration the question' of levy of the railway rate. SUDDEN DEATH AT EVANDALE.-On Monday morning a woman named Mary Ann Alford, housekeeper to Mr George M'Clutchey, bootmaker, of Evandale, died very suddenly. She was making a bed when she fell to the floor ; Dr Stewart was sent for, and attended promptly, but found the woman quite dead. An inquest was held same evening, before Jno. Ralston, Esq., coroner, and a jury of seven (Mr John Bell, foreman), and a verdict of " Died from natural causes" returned. CoAL DEPOT FOR TlE T.S.N. CoN - A,?Y.-Tho T.S.N. Company have just had formed upon the piece of land on the Esplanade purchased by them, a spacious coal depot. The land has been fenced round with a very high substantial 'fence, and within this a shed capable of holding a considerable quantity of coal has, been erected." We believe this will be a :kind' of bonded warehouse, in which the Com pany's coal will be stored under the charge of a Custom House officer;' who will receive and send out as the Company may require, and by this arrangement the Company will save the Is a ton duty upon coal-a very considerable item with such large consumers. Tun PReovIDORES OP THE T.S.N. Coem rANY's BoATs.-On Tuesday tenders were opened at the principal offices of the T.S.N. Company, Hobart Town, from persons willing to undertake the victual lingof the various boats of the Company, when the following were accepted: Derwent, Mr Henry Pointon ; Tamar Mr J. H. Chant ; Southern (rose, Mrs Ellis; City of Hobart, Mr Brown. These were the providores for the past year with the exception of Mr Pointon, who takes the place of Mr Harris on the Derwnt, the latter retiring from the post, having taken the "Criterion," one of the leading hotels in Hobart Town. THE RAILWAY RATE.-In our report of the Carrick meeting, it was stated that the resolutions were the same as those adopted by the Launceston meeting. In one particular, however, there was. a dif ference. The second resolution which sets forth the grounds of opposition, when submitted to the meeting min this town, overlooked the important fact that land owrners only were entitled to vote at the poll, whilst under the present Act occur piers are called upon to pay the rate. This omission was corrected n thie second:reso lution adopted at Carrick. Church of England, Baptists and Roman Catholics with us. It was delightful to see members of different churches assembled toge- ther statedly on the mighty deep. I will not now attempt to say much. Since I left these shores God has been with me, and I have put my trust snd confidence in Him. I recommend you to do the same, and to believe everything God says. I think we may believe what He says. There is only one thing God cannot do he cannot lie ; and if he cannot lie, believe what he says. If he says "The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin" believe it; be- cause he says it. Always let the foundation of your faith be the Word of God, and if that be the foundation it is a good foundation. If God says "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved," believe it, simply be- cause God declares it; and so with everything else spoken by the Infinite. There is another thing besides believing ; what is it? Obey God--do what God tells you. If you want peace and happiness, let me earnestly and affectionately beseech you to avoid doing any thing that is doubtful. Let all doubtful things alone; don't touch them. And we might come to particulars. Many things are done that are not always prudent ; avoid doubtful things - anything you are not fully persuaded about, don't do it. Never put a pipe in your mouth, never, unless you are fully per- suaded God approves of it. And you, dear women, never dress in a way that God does not approve if the Holy Ghost condescends to make reference to woman's dress, be assured it is a matter of tile greatest importance ; and if God said you are not to do a doubtful thing, and that every man should be fully persuaded in his own mind, if you are not persuaded give your soul the beneft of the doubt. If not, you may make a doubtful death bed. The Lord help us to begin tonight to put away all doubtful things. And as to habits of dress, matters of business, in regard to our associations, to be fully per- suaded in our own minds that what we do is pleasing to God, and secure the "Well done, good, and faithful servants." We must begin at home; dear William there, my brother-in- law, and dear Henry, my cousin, begin by put- ting away doubtful things and giving our indi- vidual hearts to God ; do all to the glory of God. If we desire to do so the Master will help us, and we shall have the unction of the Holy One, it who will teach us all things and guide us into all truth. Since I have been away I have attended many meetings, and one of the last things done by my dear friend, the Rev. Pennefather, was to assist in getting up a meeting at the Conference Hall, Mildmay Park, when there were about 1400 workers of all denominations, Quakers and Quakeresses, ministers and workers of every Church, at which I attended, and a little ad- dress was delivered by me. I mention it to show that our work has not been in connection especially with one Church. Being a Methodist, and having joined this little Church I have remained since, and I am still a class leader. I asked one of the ministers just now if he ever saw a class book like that; I never had one absent. A good deal of our work is in the open air. We have been a good deal in Scotland. In Edinburgh alone ten churches were offered. We have been striving to work in harmony, to avoid everything of a kind to create discussion, and our object and our motto have been " Jesus only." I believe I am going to give an address o Sanday evening. Before the service, my dear wife and myself, and the man I got coming out, an Evangelist (Cameron), who had been lifted up from the pit. I said to him, "I think the colony will suit you, and you will do well for a coachman for me, and then you can preach as you go along. Therefore at the service on Sunday we shall have Cameron and my wife in the open air and we shall sing to the chapel-church you call it, I hope your respectability will not be l offended ; many churches die from respecta- bility (a laugh). Now my dear wife, she's very obedient, bless her, will sing. Come here, Mar- garet dear (laughter and applause). Mrs Reed hero left the table at which she had been sitting, and was escorted to the platform amid applause. Mr Reed said if they would allow him he would give a memento of their meet- ing. He then requested some half dozen friends to assist in distributing it, which was cheerfully undertaken. The memento consisted of "The Pioneer Hymn Book," compiled by Henry Reed, and published by S. W. Partridge, and Co. It contains 527 hymns, many of lthem apparently new, with index; the book is neatly bound, with the name on the centre of the outside cover, and the motto "Jesus only" at the top, in letters of gold. There were two pamphlets, one containing Mr Reed's address to the Christian Workers of London, and the other "Incidents of an Eventful Life," in which Mr Reed's name frequently occurs, being Nos. 1 and 2 of Dunorlan tracts, twentieth thousand, published by Morgan and Scott, London. A set of three books was handed to each persons present, which was received with evident respect and pleasure. Mr Reed said for many years an every service, whether in the House of God, the corner of a room, or in the open air, he had been accustomed to read a portion of God's Word. He therefore proposed to read a portion then, and prayed that the Holy Spirit would bless to them the reading of His own truth. He then read the 23rd Psalm. Mrs Reed, who on rising received a kind and friendly greeting, spoke as fol- lows : FRIENDS,--I should like to say a few words. I believe it is the wish of some that I should say a few words. I feel the deepest gratitude to the people of this country for the kind recep- tion they have given us. In coming out we were not happily circumstanced as to spiritual tlings, and did not feel sorry at the termina- tion of the voyage ; but I may say as soon as we entered the river the home feeling came over me. I felt to-night among friends (cheers). ' I had no doubt you would give my husband a very hearty welcome, especially thoseo who knew him formerly, but I had no expectation of such a kind welcome to myself (cheers), and I feel I should like to live here all my days. When I look back to our residence in that dear place Harrogate for tihe last three years, I must say I owe everything to Jesus. I could not speak to-night but for his blessed Spirit helping out. It has been a great trial to me, but when I see the Lord opening the way I never dare to draw back. As far as I know my heart, it is my de- termination to follow him fully, to be as Jesus was, always about my Master's business, and feeling it to be my meat and drink to do His will, I desire to have but one object to glorify God,and finish the work he has given me to do. That is my only object in coming out here, I have no desire but to glorify God, And I may say that regarling the posltion of this place nothing can satisfy me but seeing souls saved. We have come down here to-night with that design. It may be that some are here who once enjoyed fellowship with the Lord; we have been praying that such may be brought back to the Good Sheplerd. Young friends, my heart yearns over you. I remember the time when I was young, when the Holy Spirit strove with me. tried for a long tine to have a little of the world and a little of Jesus, but it would not do. It was only when I gave up all and accepted Christ in his fulness, that rest, peace, and happiness followed it my heart; and blessed be God. I have these tonight. O dear friends, what can we do with half a heart? Jesus kept nothing back from us, Jesus laid down his life, he made himself of no reputation, took upon him the form of a servant, and humbled himself even unto death, and can we keep back anything from him ? Oh no ! We can never enjoy Jesus fully while such a heart is in us. I can tell you that from experience. Oh that by God's grace and the power of the Holy Spirit I may induce some dear young person to lay aside every weight, follow Jesus fully, and then I know you will be happy. When I sing I can't do it but by the Holy Spirit helping me. Look up to God that I = may sing aright. Mrs Reed then sang in a clear, sweet voice the 526th in the "Pioneer" book - While passing a garden I paused to hear &c.;, Which was followed by enthusiastic ap- plause, the company, at Mr Reed's re- quest, singing over the last verse which had a pretty effect. Mr Reed continued his remarks, and said they thus saw that God had given him a helper; they worked together, and the Lord was with them. He then rela- ted some instances of good in England from the singing of Mrs Reed, spoke of Squire Brooke, of Knaresborough, a co- worker in the Lord's cause, and said they expected to work in Tasmania; he be- lieved ministers would join. He wished it to be distinctly understood that their object was not to make proselytes; if God made them useful let them remain in the church to which they belonged. They did not wish to induce any individual to leave the church with which he was con- nected, but they would press every one to make a full surrender of his heart to God. Let them have no talk about Methodism ; he (Mr Reed) was no prosly- tiser; let their work be for Jesus, and for Jesus only. He did not ask them to lift up the church, let their eye be single, and let them seek as their only object the glory of God; and they would have a glorious work in Tasmania, Let them begin by laying aside every weight. There were thousands in the world, members of Christian churches, who did not belong to Christ. In the course of his remarks he intimated that Mrs Reed was a member of the Church of England. In conclusion, he said, they were prepared to work in harmony with Christians of every name. The Lord bless them and make them a blessing. Amen,(cheer). The Hon. Mr Grubb, M.L.C., as senior Circuit Steward, in a brief speech con- gratulated Mr and Mrs Reed on their ar- rival 26 years after Mr Reed's departure from the port. in the Lochnagar, and 26 years that day since he finally left George Town, the vessel having been obliged to put back. He remarked that it augured well for Tasmania, and he (Mr Grubb) was quite sure both were deter- mined to do their Master's will wherever it pleased him to cast their lot. He hoped they would not only remain here for twelve months, but that they would end their days in the colony. He was quite glad to welcome Mr Reed, his wife and family, and he trusted they would be spared for many years.(cleers). Mr Hart, the junior Circuit Steward, also expressed his satisfaction. He re- membered Mr Reed as teacher and Super- intendent of the Sunday School, and said in an old roll book he found that his (Mr Hart's) name stood No. 4 as a scholar. He bore testimony to the good he had de- rived from the counsels of Mr Reed in bygone years (cheers). Mr Reed said he had a distinct recol- lection of Mr Hart as a scholar ; and he knew his father, who was "an Israelite indeed, in whom there was no guile." His Worship the Mayor here rose in the body of the hall and said- Mr Chair man, I had not anticipated taking any part in the proceedings this evening. My impression was that I should have the pleasure to come and listen to the ad- dresses to be delivered; that pleasure has been enhanced by the fact that has been stated that after an absence of 26 years, Mr Reed had visited the old colony and old scenes and that this spot is so much endeared to his memory (cheers). It brought to my mind that when I have heard many persons speak of this place I have thought it would be a source of the greatest grief should circumstances com- pel me to leave this dear old island (re- newed cheers). And when I see Mr Reed who has been away so long, moving amid scenes of loveliness and interest in the home country, coming back to this dear place, in the decline of life, to me it is a source of sincere congratulation to assist in welcoming so old and respected a colo- nist (cheers). To none does it afford grater pleasure to see so old a friend, not known to myself except by his good and charitable deeds, but known to many of my fellow townsmen.' I have listened with a good deal of pleasure to what I have heard; amd, Sir, I now tender to Mr Reed my own thanks and the thanks of the citizens of Launceston, and on their behalf and my own I beg to give to him, his wife, and fanily, a hearty welcome (loud and prolonged applause). Mr Reed-I can only say, Mr Mayor, that since I was last here, the providence of God has thrown me among all ranks even the nobility, and I have enjoyed much of this world's good ; but after all my wanderinigs in England and on the continent of Europe, I may say this, that there is no place so dear to me as Tas- mania, and of all places in Tasmania Launceston is most dear. I told my wife it was like coming home, everything throw- ing back one's recollections to times gone by. If it be the will of God I hope we shall live and die here (cheers). The Rev. C. Price, of. Tamar-street Church, expressed his pleasure at seeing the old familiar face of Mr Reed whom he had known for forty years. He said there was not a man who had left the colony during that 40 years that he could welcome back more heartily, and he was quite sure that was the sentiment of Christian people generally. As Christians, they welcomed him back. He was quite sure Mr Reed would be glad to know he (Mr Price) had lived in peace with one generation of Wesleyan Ministors from Mr Turner onwards ; he had scarcely omitted a sabbath service, and felt able to preach the same truths as of old. He welcomed Mr Reed with all his heart (cheers). Mr Rodham Douglas mentioned some reminiscences of Mr Reed's labors years ago in the Westbury district, and bore testimony to his useful work there. Rev. Mr. Nye, on behalf of the younger portion of the audience also joined in heartily welcoming Mr and Mrs Reed. The doxology was sung and the pro- ceedings closed with the benediction. During the evening, the choir sang several pieces appropriate to the occasion in beautiful style. 