SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1873. ttte Tmmnran AMD THEIB The teachers of the state schools can not complain that their interests are overlooked, or that their grievances find no utterance and no audience. They do not " Live and die unheard, With a most voiceless thooght, sheathing it as a sword." On the contrary, their case was taken up in the Legislative Assembly on Wednes day evening by so many and such acti ons advocates, from Mir. Higtkbotham down to Mr. Bkkt, that the Minister Justice reminded ub of that well-knpWn picture in the Dslwieh Gallery where St Skbaehan is represented as bound |o a stake, and pierced fy innumerable arrows. It most be added tbi Ifr. Sbephks bore bis martyrdom bravely, and did not give up the ghost-or tie tnn«!»ion afVedfor-until after thelapw of foaMod- tvoityhoon. A strong cake was made ont on the part of the teachers, and membeis of that body were present in great force to instnici orrefreah Sear advocates. So ranch unanimity has Euetf beeneshibited on behalf of any body 'of men, and it njg gesis 'sane carious speculations as to the poiitkal infinence possessed and exercised , by. She teachers oobide of the House. For while we have rey little doubt that ftc ilinwpinniihip of their eanae. was ?Wlwlil en by Mt Hhbxbmux and :|obb others from a conviction of ite '. w" a. diijOay' <rf jwiiin! cither quarters such as we rarely fipii associated with any other considerations than those which grow <mt ofwhlit- is delicately called 'fanenligbtened -«elf " interest." > However, the upshot of the debate waa this-the Minister cf Public ^ostntoξ has been induced to promise tha&thetiew; regulations shall, npt come inioforce until ike 1st of Janiuuy next, instead; of the 1st instant, as onginaUypaioppGed, so thai the salutes. wiU remain to for the present. In the meantime the teachers will be enabled to increaaetheir incomes by jpving instruction in extra subj^U aadjatjajje year they will be ejected to make full and fair returns ' 0! ' the amounts re ceived by them during the period, with a view tp 4he adjustment cpt;-- their salaries for the time to " come. In making this concession the Government has shown its anxiety to act liberklly by the teachers,, and has a right to expect that they will manifest a correspondingly candid and honourable spirit in the future preparation of the.returas referred to. Public opinion is. probably with them now; but any well-authenticated instances of tricky'conduct, such as that exposed by the Minister of Instruction in his spfeech 0)1 "Wednesday, would cer tainly turn the tide (of popular feeling in an entirely opposite direction. 