FICTION. (From KogUsb. American, and other Periodicals.) THE FOSTER BROTHER; OB, The Orphan, of the Wreck. CHAPTER XXXII. TEE SCENE TN THE INN PABXOUB. "The darkest hour is just before the dawn," and | verily it proved so now with Lilias Gibson The very densest point of the deep darkness into which ?he had been cast had come, and she bad resigned herself to be overwhelmed m its despair. In utter helplessness and apathetic hopelessness she la}, sobbing in her woe, and looking no longer for de- liverance, when her name, pronounced in a low voice, caused her to cease her sobbing, and start half up from the couch on which she had thrown herself The room was but dimly lighted with a very small candle, and she wildly cast her eyes over ita shadowy area, aa if half expecting to see the owner of the voice which she deemed she had heard But Bhe realised only total silence and utter solitude, and the crushing weight upon her heart grew heavier and more bitter Î" Ob, my very fancy mocks me now," she moaned. "Mithought 'twas Harry's voice I heard calling my name-Harry, whose coming I have prayed for during these terrible days, and prayed in vam Now, when it is impossible he can arrive to my aid, I am tantalised by tbe fancied hearing of his voice. Ob, woe u me-woe is me " She was about to fling herself back on the couch and give way to an acceleration of grief, when again ter name, pronounced m Harry's voice, reached her ear. " Lilias 1" " Oh, heaven 1" sbe exclaimed aloud. " My reason is tottering. My tortured brain conjures up that mocking sound." "No,tilias. It is I-Harry." The words electrified her. She sprang up and flew to tile closed door, from the other side of which the sound seemed to come " Ob, is this no delusion ?" she cried. " Harry I Harry I if it be indeed you speak again '" "Hush, dear girl, or they will hear y ou m tbe room below." "It is-it is Harry!" exclaimed Lilias, forgetting in her transport to heed the caution wbich Harry had given her. "Ob, Harry, my brother, tell me you have come to save me ?" " Yea we have, George and I, both of us are here." " George too !" cned Lilias, hysterically, the greatr ness of her joy threatening to be more than she could bear. " Yes, dear Lilias, I am here also," said another voice, which thrilled her inmost being, for she re- cognised itaa that of her lover, the tones of which to har were the dearest sounds on earth. " Heaven be praised ! Oh, my God, I thank Thee," murmured Lilias, sinking on her knees, and with clasped hands and streaming eyes looking upward, in fervent gratitude. " Ob, Harry-George," she sobbed out, " I bad given up all for lost, you bave been so long " « My darling, yes, but we came to you at the earliest possible moment. We have been in Ayrshire -at the Asylum-at Walley's death-bed." "Ah!" she-ejaculated " We have much to tell you, and you shall know all very soon. But first we must bave an interview with father and Garrett, only we could not delay giving you relief by telling you that you are now safe. Hear me, Lilias-safe- safe Do you compre- hend?" She did comprehend, and the knowledge made her nearly delirious. In the ecstacy of her joy she was kissing the very door through which the assurance came. "Can you bear your confinement a little longer, dear Lilias ?" whispered Oeorge, and instantly her Ups were pressed to the spot in the door whence George's words seemed to come " It is very im- portent that we should, in the first place, hold the ^ interview which Harry has spoken of, and that J may occupy some time. Have you patience to wait, assured that you have no further danger to appre- hend?" *. Oh yes, yes," she answered, " the joy you have brought will give happy thoughts to bear me com- pany till I am released." "Then goodbye, my darling, for the present, the sooner we go now, the sooner will we return to you." "And never doubt," added Harry, "that all will now be well. George will now be yours beyond all fear of separation. There, letthat fill you with com- fort while we are absent," Fill her with comfort ' Ay, far beyond her power to contain. So greatly did she tremble with excess of buss that she could not rise from her knees, but poured ont ber soul in thanksgiving for the mercy which had snatched her from the abyss of despair and raised her to tbe pinnacle of hope-yea, to the seventh heaven of light and happiness So great beyond expression was tbe bliss which had come to ber that the fear struggled to intrude that the whole was a delirious dream, out of which .he was doomed to awake to the bitter and dreadful reality. But no, no, she vehemently argued with herself, and gazed round the room, and touched the door and other objects to convince her it was not a dream. " I am, awake, I am in my senses. George and Harry wert here, and my bliss is real-real Let me doubt no more, let me fear no longer. Harry has assured me that all danger is past, that Georgs ia mine-for ever mine Let me be still, and quaff the cup of joy that has been held to my lips " She had risen from her knees while she spoke, and threw herself on the couch where a little ago she lay in such an agony of grief, but where now she re- clined is the silent stillness of ineffable contentment -delicious in ita blessedness far beyond the power of words to express. Meanwhile, Harry and George had descended the stair, and were in the passage making ready for tbe tremendous interview with the Captain and Garrett Most tremendous it must of necessity be, the youths were fully aware of it, and had feelrngs in accordance with the fact. Harry, as he fully realised the situa- tion and all connected with it, experienced a sudden accession of the powers and energies of his manhood -his mind was at once enlightened and strengthened aa if by a stern and solemn inspiration, and be was, as it seemed, in a moment strung up to a pitch of self-possession and self-command, combined with a clearness of thought and firmness of purpose so marvellous as to actually change his nature for the time. "Now, George," be whispered, and so perfectly decided was the tone that the other unquestiomngly assented to the course announced-" now, George, I must go in first, and alone. You are not to appear till I give the signal. You will easily understand by the words spoken on both sides when your presence is requisite. In obedience to the injunction, George fell back a step, and Harry advanced to the parlour door. His movements were noiselessly made, and as he paused . for a moment with his fingers on the handle, he could hear the two men speaking within, wholly uncon- scious of the aitounding interruption to winch they were on the point of being subjected. A very few moments did Harry stand thus. Then, with a strange calmness, he firmly turned the handle, opened the door, and walked over the threshold. The Captain and his companion leapt from their chairs simultaneously at sight of the youth, and stood paralysed with consternation. The remotest possi- bility of his coming on the scene had never once crossed their minds, and his appearance-of which they had no warning, and for which tbey bad no chance of making preparation-produced an effect .very whit aa great as Harry had anticipated. " You-you here ?" was forced from his father's marble lips. " Yee,"" answered Harry, slowly, as with folded anna he steadily regarded them. " Yes, I am here." The absence of the filial element from Harry's attitude was strangely marked. Alienated as they bad been for years, Harry bad never failed to mani- fest in some degree deference and respect towards hi* father, evidencing the fact that a sense of rela- tionship was still present in his mind. But that was .li gone now, and so obviously gone that as he stood there with rigid frame and cold, stern, accusing countenance, his father felt it, and it roused his anger. In his bosom, therefore, rage succeeded to the first .hock of amazement, and be burst forth in fury " And what business have you to be here ? What purpose have you in daring to intrude again into my présence after our last meeting ?" " I come to prevent this monstrous wrong from being done to Lilias. I intimated to you my resolu- tion to protect her, and I am here to do it." " Oh, indeed I In what way, may I ask ?" " By preventing you from marrying her to Dun- can Ralston." " You have proposed this achievement to yourself, liave yon ?" "Yes." M And perhaps you have come armed with force ¿ufficiest to accomplish the task ?" * Yes, I have." " What P" roared bis father. " Have you a band Al men at your hack ? In your mad folly, have you Tailed the country side in arms to assist you in coin jnittingan outrage.?" " Certainly not. The force on which I rely is JEOIÔJ', not physical." " Ha I you are alone then ?" cried the Captain, »nd he and Garrett looked immensely relieved. "Yon have followed on this wild goose chase through the snow, expecting to prevail on me to forego my purpose ?" "Yea; and X shall prevail," exclaimed Harry very calmly. " Fool I How long will it be ere you learn to know me-to know that I am not to be turned from any purpose on which I have set my will ? And so you have braved the perils of the snow, expecting to .acceed in preventing the marriage ?" "Yea." " Simpleton-idiot I Think ya I would have taken this courte if my resolution had not been unalterably fixed P Go, boy-go back the way you came, if you would not be a witness to the marriage, which, I expect, will take place within an hour. This storm has caused us to change our plan somewhat, but our purpose is only delayed, not frustrated. We are in- deed hindered from going forward to the appointed place, but I bave sent messengers to bnng Ralston and the munster hither They will be here anon, and before the morning light Lilias shall be made a wife-the wife of Ralston " " »SA« shall not," said Harry, with deliberate em- phasis, whereat the Captain and Garrett stared in astonishment, so assured was his air, so confident his tone. " Shall not ? Are you mad, or what means that egotistical confidence ? Are you really insane enough to suppose that the moral force you babble about will avail to the extent of a feather's weight?" " It will avail to thefitllest extent," said Harry " Would it not be better for the young gentleman to come to the point at once," said. Nathan Garrett, speaking for the first time. He had been intently watching Harry's mien, and was rendered uneasy by it. Its perfect calmness of assurance impressed bun with the idea that he was armed with a weapon which he bad not yet shown, and none knew better than Garrett how vulnerable were both the Captain and himself. Being conscious of this, his guilty soul took alarm, and be could endure suspense no longer. " You hear, su-," added his father. " Come to the point, if you have any point to come to. Lay aside that vapouring air, and say at once what this force is on which you count so confidently. It may amuse us to hear it, and serve to while away a portion of the time we may have to wait for Ralston. Exercise your sage wisdom, therefore, and enlighten us. What force do you refer to ?" "Not the force of justice, or of duty, for I know that ia powerless against you," said Harry. " Good. The force of what then " " Of fear," answered Harry, with a significant glance. " Fear !" echoed both m a breath. " Ay, and the very mention of the word causes your faces to blanch Oh, well may it do so-mur- derers" His father started back with obvious recoil Gar rett's alarm took a more practical form " I tell you what it is, Captain," he cned, " I will put a stop to this sort of thing I won't stand it, though he is your son, and, by God, had he been any one else I should have knocked him down for his in- solence " " Ay, you would do with me as j ou did with George Eglantine " *' What did we do with George Eglantine ?" roared his father, his countenance white and ghastly "Ah, what did we do with him ?" followed Garrett, with bravado " You murdered him." " What 1 You dare repeat that foul and slanderous he ? Know you not you can be severely punished for asserting it ? You, a lawyer, should understand that" "It is no foul and slanderous lie," answered Harry " Oh, miserable, guilty, wretched men ! If you had no compunction of heart, had you no fear of the consequences ? One of you indeed is, I well know, capable of any cnme, for bia life has been one long lie, but the other-the man who, alas ' can call himself my father-might well have recoiled from such an abyss of infamy ere be had branded his name with dishonour, and rendered himself liable to ascend the scaffold " " Curse jon Do you dare to-" shouted Garrett, as with fury now ungovernable, he sprang towards Harry" " Stand back," exclaimed the youth warningly, and with eyes that flashed with menace and loathing in- dignation " Very little will tempt me to to burl you to the dust Dare to lift your nand with threat- ening, and by the Heaven above us, my boiling in- dignation will seek vent " " I won't be called a murderer by you or any one," growled Garrett with sullen ferocity " No-you stickle at the name, though you can do the deed." " What deed ? You have not the shadow of proof for what you say " " Dare either of you deny it-dare you deny that you cast George Eglantine down the mine shaft f " "Yes-we deny it," jelled Garrett " We do," shouted the Captain, with foaming vehe- mence " Will you dare to assert your innocence by an appeal to heavenV said Harry. "Should I call upon the spint of my lost fnendto appear if j ou are his murderers, will you brave that test?" " Of course we will," roared Garrett, with a mock- ing and defiant laugh "Then let heaven interpose to bring the truth to light," said Harry, in a loud and solemn tone " If my charge is false, let no form appear, but if true, then let the spirit of your victim come forth to de- nounce you " Nathan Garrett'« lips were parted to indulge m another mocking laugh, when to his speechless horror the form of George Eglantine emerged from the darkness of the passage, crossed the threshold and stood within the doorway Having listened outside to the whole of the pre- vious conversation, he understood exactly the part Harry wished bim to play, and maintained it with admirable effect. He advanced into the room with a slow, gliding motion, his features immovable, and his ejes fixed on the two men as they stood close to- gether paralysed at the hornd appantion Ono brief moment only did Stephen Gibson glare with distended eyeballs on the form which blasted his sight, then with a yell of terror he sank into the seat behind bim, and covered his face to shut out the humble vision. Nathan Garrett was not one whit less discomposed His yellow complexion turned into a sickly hue, bia ejes leapt forward as if about to quit their sockets, he recoiled back against the wall, and spread out his two hands in front, as if to keep off the spectre's approach Harry affected to be awe-struck by the appearance which had glided into their midst, and stood with hands clasped m an attitude of reverence " Dare you now," he asked, in a deep voice-" dare you now deny the deed ? Shall I question the spint ? Will you hear the words he shall utter *" " No, no," groaned Stephen, every portion of his body shuddering with horror " Since the other world has sent a witness to condemn us we can no longer-" " Stay 1" said George, m a clear voice " The deception has gone far enough , I am no spint from the other world. I did not fall to the bottom of the abaft," " Ha '" exclaimed the Captain, wildly leaping to his feet, and gazing with eyes which showed that he had grasped the truth. His accomplice reached the same understanding as quickly, and a savage feeling at having been be traj ed into terror was the first thing that possessed him " I might have guessed it," he angrily exclaimed " Fools that we were to believe it was a ghost I can't but say, however, you have done it uncommon well As you say, Captain, we can't stand out, though it ain't a ghost that makes us own up to it We need not mind so much at any rate, as no mur- der has been done And now that the play is played out, suppose, Captain, you have your eye on this Lilias, to see that she don't slip out of your fingers You don't mean to change your mind for what has come and gone, do you ?" " No, of course not," exclaimed the Captain, whose presence of mind-which bad been so fearfully Beared -was returned to him. " I am not sorry," he added, " to find that you have escaped a fate which-well, which wa had reason to believe had overtaken j ou It was foolish to yield to the temptation to nd me of you in such a way In an hour or less I expect that it will be immaterial to me whether you live or die, for by then my daughter shall be marned to the man who is suitable for her " " Lilias shall marry none but the man whom she loves," cned Harry, " and his name is-" " Duncan Ralston,"interrupted the Captain " My resolution is fixed-nothing shall turn it." "No-not Duncan Ralston," persisted Harry "Shall I mention the name of the man Lilias is to many ?" " George Eglantine, no doubt," remarked Nathan Garrett, with a mocking sneer " No, not George Eglantine ." "No?-who thenP'f "George Morrarl" shouted Harry, in a tone of thunder, and drawing himself up to his full height as he uttered the name, be fixed his blazing eyes on the other's face. " You stand amazed, but know that all is now discovered-the long and frightful fraud is revealed. Walley's reason returned to him. We are fresh from his deathbed, but ere he died we listened to the disclosure which his twenty years of madness bos postponed, and he told UB that which will send Nathan Garrett to the bulks for life." At every word which Harry thundered forth, the miserable, the dismayed, tbe terror-stricken Stephen Gibson cowered farther into the corner. This last coup d'etat overwhelmed him utterly-deprived him of all power, even of simulating ignorance or mis- understanding, and, limp and helpless he lay rolling his eyes to and fro, m the extremity of his hopeless- ness. I The effect produced on Garrett was very different. Being a thoroughly ingrained rogue, his mind, long familiar with fraud and the liability to danger, had often contemplated tbe possibility of detection, and quick as lightning he took in the exact position now, and threw aside his mask to cope with the serious danger which threatened himself. His earthly all was at the moment at stake, he saw that it was so, and his acute and subtle mind took prompt action. He perceived at a glance where his road of escape lay, and he took it in an instant. For when Captain Gibson, in tbe absence of all self- possession, faltered forth-" What does th-this-m-mean p" Garrett instantly exclaimed " It means that our game is lost, and that I am destined to pay the forfeit for both, if I amf ool enough to suffer it. But such a fool I am not. We have sailed m the same boat, and now we float or sink together So, young gentleman, when you talk of sending me to the hulks, understand that your father goes with me. He is as deep in the business as I am " " Oh," returned Harry, with great bitterness, " I am well aware how deeply he has dishonoured him- self by yielding to your temptation. And now you calculate on my forbearance through final regard ."' "Just so," responded Garrett, with great coolness, "That is precisely what I do. Your affection for your father is not particularly great, I dare say, but for your own sake and the sake of your sister, you will scarcely bring on a public exposure." "Cunning, crafty villainP returned Harry, with concentrated scorn and contempt. " A viler wretch does not crawl upon the earth. " Ob, multiply your epithets. They don't annoy me-not in the least My game has been far from a losing one, and you have had some of the advantage, for as high as you carry yourself. Why, for that matter, it was melang you the heir of Ardgowan, so you bave little reason to complain. And ii you bad been wise enough to consult your own interests you would have been less active in bursting the profitable bubble." "I only wish I bad had the power to burst the bubble, as you call it, twenty years ago, when you began the fraud. Still, I would advise you not to trust too much to my father's person as a shield for your crime. It is not I, but George Morrar who has the power to proceed against you, and he bas not the same reason for forbearance." " Oh, yes, be has," Bmiled Garrett. " I ain't a bit afaid in that quarter either." " Nathan Garrett," said George with stern gravity, "I told you lately that I had a notion we should meet each other in conflict, but I little knew then the wrong you bad done me. Weie I to place my- self on your level and adopt the means within my power.it would fare hard with you. Harryspoketruly when he said your crime would condemn you to the hulks for life, and if I forbear, for a reason you are shrewd enough to understand do not expect that I shall exact no restitution, or imagine that } ou will be left to enjoy the fruit of your evil machinations You must yield up Mossgrove and quit the country " " And where am I to go f he sullenly demanded, trying, but ineffectually, to meet George's indignant eye " Anywhere you choose, so as it be out of our sight and knowledge " Ah, to die or starve, I suppose " " No, to live by honest labour " "Turnhedger or ditcher, at half a-crown a day, perhaps " " And if you did, it would be infinitely more to your credit than your mode of life for the last twenty years" "And tohat if I refuse to do this?" said Garrett, doggedly " Then," cried George, with a look of determina- tion which could not be mistaken, " I will brmg you to justice at whatever cost I have proof, ample proof, of your fraud, and I have only to send to Jamaica to gather more Now mark these words, as the last I shall address to you-If in one month you are still to be found in Glanfask, my charge against you Bhall be in tbe hands of the Lord Advocate " Before Garrett, whose mortification could not be hidden, had time to say a word in reply to this, the loud, deep-mouthed bark of a dog was heard outside, accompanied by men's voices " Tis Duncan Ralston," exclaimed Stephen, start- ing suddenly from his letharg} " Then Duncan Ralston has come on a fruitless er- rand," rejoined Harry " Father," he added, give me the key of the chamber in which Lilias is confined. George and I will adjourn thither while you give this unscrupulous wooer to understand that he is not to be the husband of your daughter " The Captain hesitated " As you please," said Harr}, turning away " We can easily break open the door " " There it is," exclaimed his father, as with a jerk be drew his band from bis bosom and flung the key on tbe table. Harry quietly lifted it, and he and George were about to quit tbe parlour when the outer door waa opened in baste, a loud stamping of feet came into the passage and ere they had time to make good their retreat, the parlour door was also thrown open, and m bounded a large black shaggy dog, of New- foundland breed, panting from exercise, yet looking happy in its excitement Behind the dog burst in two men-Dick, the Ard- gowan coachman, and the landlord of the inn-they being breathless and wild with excitement Dick but glanced at the youths, whose presence caused him no little surprise, then he rapidly ex- claimed "Ob, Captain, a dreadful thing has happened, Mr Ralston has perished among the snow " "Perished1" echoed Stephen, "how perished? Did he not reach Westedge r " No, sir, he never came, nor the minister either, and, thinking they might bave been caught in the drift, the landlord and I set off with the dog along the rood they were to come And sure enough in a hollow, not fifty yards from a house, the dog scented him out in tbe midst of a snow-wreath The minister was alive, but Mr Ralston was quite dead We earned him to the house, and did all we could to bring bim round, but it was no use He was stiff at first, and got suffer every minute, and then we all saw that he was gone " "Horrible-horrible!" groaned the Captain, cast- ing a scared and frightened look at Garrett, who turned silently round and stood witb his sinister face bent towards the fire George and Harry waited to hear no more of the sad tragedy, but, mindful of Lilias, and tremblingly eager to join her, they darted up the starr, and made straight for the door of the room in which she was confined It was Han-} who had the ke}, and who opened the door, and the moment the lock was turned, and the door flew open, there was a cry of jo}, and lilias rushed into bis outstretched arms Great and full as was the jo} she felt when nest- ling in that fraternal bosom, she }et did not remain long there, for behind Harry was another dearer still, and Harry, knowing that George was waiting to receive her, pressed a warm, hurried kiss upon her lips, and, lifting her from his heart, placed her dear form within her lover's arms These arms were tenderly folded round her, she was drawn close, close to George's heart, and, in accents that trembled with deep emotion, he mur- mured m her ear " My darling-my darling, you are mine now, for ever mine !" (To be concluded m our next ) 