NORTHERN TERRITORY LEGISLA TION. The Attorney- General on Thursday ob tained leave to introduce two Bills relating to the Northern Territory, but he said absolutely nothing as to their contents. It is known that one is to provide for tho administration of justice, and the other to regulate gold mining ia the young settle ment, but Mr. Mann has not thought it neces sary to give the public the least insight into their provisions. Were the measures in print we should have pleasure in supplying thp omission, but they are not to be present'jp until Tuesday next, just two days before- rag date upon which the second readings are to be moved. Without wishing to unko needless complaint, and certainly without any desire to promote superfluous debates,, t seems to us that it would be well, as sug gested by several members yeBterday, tint Ministers in requesting permission to bring forward their measures should state briefly what are the principles they wish Parlia* ment to affirm. It frequently happens that the omission of these preliminary explana tions leads to desultory discussions and a great waste of time. Although Mr. Mann refrained from speaking at length on the Administration of Justice Bill, his abstinence failed to pro duce the desired effect upon other members,, and notably upon Mr. Boucaut, who seized the opportunity of reverting to his former imputations againBt Mr. Commissioner Downer, and repeating them with greater fervency and circumstantiality. As before, he urged that there was a strong, if not a universal feeling in the minds of the profession, and a very general feeling in the minds of tho citizens of Adelaide, that the extent to which the Commissioner allowed himBelf to be influenced by bis brothers seriously inter fered with the administration of justice, but to this he added that he believed tho impression was well founded; as before, ho studiously guarded himself against imputing corruption, but he added that the Commis sioner's strength of mind was not sufficiently great to enable him to withstand theaasaulta of fraternal affection ; as before, he candidly avowed that his object in bringing theso matters forward was to damage Mr..Downer'g chance of receiving the appointmentof Fourth Judge, but he added that if the appointment was conferred he Bhould demand an enquiry. The hon. member, in the course of an ex haustive speech, disposed of some of tho objections that have been raised against his conduct in giving such extraordinary publicity to outside' reports and general impressions, but he left others unanswered. We want to know how it is — if in his opiuion there is justification for the grave charges brought against Mr. Downer— that he has not at an earlier period performed that duty to tho profession and to the public o£ which he baa now discharged himself with such infinite personal pain. Assuming his reply to bo ihat the full heinousness of tho Commis sioner's offence has never before been bo vividly apparent to him as now, we still ask why should he make his demand for an enquiry contingent upon Mr. Downer'8 .promotion? If the scandal upon the admi nistration of justice to which he so impres sively alludes now exists, why should not tho investigation be made at once ? Is it of no importance that the judgment-Beats in the inferior Courts should be filled by men of high honour, and of sufficient strength of mind to resist influences which, if not cor rupt, tend, when yielded to, to destroy public confidence in and otherwise to degrade the institutions of justice? If Mr. Downer is unfit for the higher office he is equally unworthy of the jHisition he now occupies, and should be deposed from it with ignominy. Entertaining the views ha does it wa3 tho bounden duty of Mr. Boucaut to have called for an enquiry before; it is his bounden duty to do so now. Whether it should be granted as a matter of course is quite another ques tion. TheAssemblv as a whole haB evidently no sympathy with the views of tho member for West Torrens, and might decline to grant a Select Committee. Tho Government, who have pledged themselves to appoint Mr. Downer to a Judgeahip if tho necessary power iB conferred upon them, may be opposed to the idea of a Cornmission; but whatever may be the result of the applica tion, it appears to us that Mr. Boucaut, in view of the attitude he has assumed, ia bound for his own consistency's sake, and for the sake of the public service, to ask for it. The example set by the member for West Torrens on Thursday in raking up personal matters was contagious, and much was said that would have been much better left unsaid. Parliament is certainly not the arena in which legal gentlemen Bhould air their professional jealousies, and expose to view the failings of their learned brethren. Mr. Bundeys's defence 0: Mr. Downer was generous. and effective, but his remarks about the leaders of the Bar were singularly injudicious. Granted that Mr. Boucaut had magnified public re ports with regard to Mr. Downer's fraternal leanings to an unwarrantable extent, that afforded no excuse for such point|A illusions to Messrs. Stow and Way, or to professional grievances with which Parliament has certainly no concern. Forensic bickerings in the Courts are bad enough, but they become unbearable when transferred to the Legislature. DETATOrrso Selectors.— The Oommis sioner of Crown Lands shows no signs of slackening in| the use of measures forrepres Binedummyism. In the Gazette of Thursday, the 14th inflt., there are notifications to twelve more selectors who are believed to hare neglected complyiug with the terms of their agreements that their sections will be j resumed unless within a month cause ia shown to the contrary. It is noticeable that all the offenders, who have come under the displeasure of the Crown Xands Office in this instance are landholders in the Hundred of Booyoolee. It 'vras well known that when the agri cultural area in that locality was first opened dommyiam was largely resorted to, ?with the object of keeping out bona fide settlers. It ia therefore particularly satis factory to find that strict watch ia being kept for any who in that neighbour hood give indications of attempting to evade the intention of the Act The resolute action recently taken to enforce the conditions upon which land is granted will show the prin cipals, who are responsible for dummyism, that they are more likely to realize loss from the reprehensible practice than the gain they may have expected- In all the notices of resumption the persona named are charged with having faded to reside upon their land for the first twelve months from the date of their agree ments. The following is a list of the selectors thus unenviably distinguished and a statement of their holdings:— Richard Keid, of Clare, farmer, purchaaer of Section 54, Hundred of Booyoolee j date of agreement, JJovember 13, 1S71; Jaae Winter, Clare, farmer, Sections 257, 260, Hundred of Booyoolee, November, 13, 1S71; Kichard Keed, Clare, farmer, Sections 60, 33, 94, Hundred of Booyloolee, Novembe ? 15, 1S71 ; Donald Ross, Caltowie, teamster, Sections 247, 849, Hundred of Booyoolee, November 13, 1S7I ; Thomas Bennett, Booyoolee, farmer, Section 30, Hundred of Yangya, Section 50e, Hundred of Booyoolee, February 7, 1871 ; Robert Chain, Booyoolee, farmer, Sections 690, 128, Hundredof Booyoolee, January 13, 1872 ; 'VValterGunger, Yangya, farmer, Sectaons253, 254, Hundred of Booyoolee, November 13, 1S71; Thomas Farrell, Booyoolee, farmer, Sections 7S, 73, S7, Hundred of BooyooJee, January 13, 1S72 ; John Richard Francis, ?Williamstown, farmer, Sections 46 and 115, Hundred of Booyoolee, January 6, 1872; Duncan Black, Booyoolee, fanner, Section 40m, Hundred of Booyoolee, December 11, 1671 ; Alfred Brown. Booyoolee, farmer, Sections 42, 110, 117, Hundred of Booyoolee, November 30, 1S71 ; Samuel Crawley, Boo yoolee, fanner, Sections 50w, 51, 122, Hundred of Booyoolee, December 4^ 1S71. Uxivebsity Association. — A general meeting of this Association has been convened for this afternoon, in the Town Hall Arbitration-Room, to consider the proposal of the Government as communicated in a letter from the Hon. Chief Secretary. Fob Port Dabwis.— The Annie, bound for the Northern Territory, left the Wharf, Port Adelaide, on Thursday afternoon, August 14 As usual when a pa.ssenger-ve3sel leaves for Port Darssrin a large concourse assembled. By this craft 102 colonists have gone to the northern shores. The barque was towed out on Thursday evening, bat it was deemed probable then that she would remain in the roadstead until some tince on Friday. Captain Tobin, long known as an experienced Intercolonial trader, arrived per the AMim-a from Melbourne on Thursday witk the intention of taking the schooner Analgista hence to Port Darwin. The Gothenburg.— At 2.40p.m. on Thursday, August 14, the Superintendent of Telegraphs courteously informed us that the Port Darwin iitationmaster had just reported the arrival there of the steamer Gothenburg, from Ade laide. Some days agj Mr. John Darling, of this city, received from Palnierston an intimation of the vessel havins: reached there, and we men tioned the matter upou hh authority, but it is tow evi-leat that his information was incorrect The Prospeko.— We learn that the brig Prospero has been pot off, and that she passed Cape Jervis on Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock heading south, so we may infer she has started again upoE her voyacre to Melbourne. Special Services.— On Thursday evening, August 14, the fourth of a series of special services was held at the Flinders-street Lecture Ball. There was a iarze attendance, and the Rev. C. B. Syae?, B.A., discoursed from Isaiah Ivii. 14. A prayer meeting followed. The Nobthebs Territory.— A correspondent ('Observer'), writing from Kapuuda, depre cates the proposed outlay upon the Northern Territory, and comnieml3 the speeches of the Hons. J. Crozier and P. Santo on the subject in the Legislative Council. He augurs mischief from the disposition to speculate iu gold shares, and fears that many of those who may be spared for two years more will say—' It were well for South Australia as a province (and for many of those who are now of her most enthusiastic speculators too) if the Northern Territory had been submerged as far below as it is now above the waters that girt its shore.' Oleographs.— We have had the pleasure of inspecting an unusually fine collection of oleographs and chromolithographs at the esta blishment of Messrs. V7igg- & Son. The room in which they aro arranged presents the ap pearance of an art gallery, and persons who are fond ef seeing good pictures will have their taste gratified by paying it a visit. The collec tion comprises facsimiles of famous paintings by the old masters and by artists of modern times. The subjects represented are in great variety, including, amongst others landscapes, sea views, domestic scenes, figures, and historical events. The Opera.—' Mose in Egito' was repeated on Thursday evening at the Theatre Royal to a good audience, the stalls being the part of the house best filled. The fine music and acting was fully appreciated, and the dancing of Mom. Jlassartic and Miss Greenlees elicited applause. To-night ' Lucrezia Borgia' will be again repre sented. Netheblasds-Lvdia. — The Dutch. Govern ment has altered the Netherlands-Indian tariff by removing all differential import and export duties. The import duties have been reduced, with a few exceptions, to 6 percent, of the value of the articles imported; and the export duties on indigo, coffee, sugar, and tin have been con siderably lowered. The new tariff is to take effect on January 1, 1B74. Testimo-ial.— On Saturday, August 9, the employe's of Messrs. Adamson Brothers, of Kaponda, presented Mr. Parr, their foreman, on the eve of his departure for the Northern Territory, with, an address and purse of sove reigns, as a mark of esteem for him, he having worked a number of years with them, and always manifested a kindly disposition. Mr. Parr replied in cordial terms. Fatal Occcbbesce.— On Thursday evening, August 14, a tailor named Madden, working in Stephens-strset, off Gilles-street. was taken suddenly 31, and died iu the arms ef his master, .Mr. Martin O'Grady. Dr. Gunson, who was called in and found life extinct, believed that Madden died of affection of the lungs. Mr. W. Harcus, J.P., having made certain enquiries, ascertained that an inquest was not required, and therefore gave an order for the burial of the body. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, August 9, were:— Births— Males, 24; females, 30. Deaths Hake, 16; females, 7. Total— Births, 54; deaths. 23\. Excess of births, 31. Thb Bubba Leje.— It is intended by the residents of Clare to prepare a memorial asking the Commissioner of Public Works to alter the time of starting the first train from the Burra from 3 to 7 a.m., as the former hour is con sidered so unreasonably early that paople living between Clare and Saddleworth are to a great extent prevented from travelling by that train. Wheat-Cleaxwg.— The expressed intention of the South Australian Agricultural and Horti cultural Society to offer a reward of £500 for the invention of an {improved wheat-cleaner has caused much satisfaction in Clare. The neigh bouring farmers highly approve of the idea, and a person there intends to compete for the prize, he having studied the subject for some years. He has made one machine of the sort desired, and upon a trial it worked satisfactorily. He, however, intends adding improvements before exhjbjtipg the apparatus. Philharmonic Societt.— The fourth annual meeting of this Society was held on Thursday evening, August 4, in the Town Hall Buildings, Mr, B. J. Scott presiding. There were about 60 members present. The report having been printed and circulated, and taken as read, it stated that the prosperity of the Society was temporarily checked at the commemcement of the year by the issue of special subscription tickets at £1 Is. per annum, but on a re turn to the original uniform charge of 10s. 6d. for subscribers' annual doable tickets the attendance had bean much greater than before. The receipts had, however, been about £90 less than those of 1871-2, yet the Society was able to pay all expenses without quite exhausting its former balance or at all trenching on the Beeerve Fund. The amount paid to the City Council duriDg the period as a contribution to the Organ Fund was £20, but the efforts that had been made towards increasing that fund had resulted in obtaining subscriptions paid and promised amounting to about £400, less the collector's commission. As soon as £400, clear of all expenses, had been actually lodged in the Bank fresh negotiations with the Council could be openei The Committee hoped within a reasonable time to see in the Towd Hall an organ, which, if not equal to what was originally anticipated, would undoubtedly be a fine and powerful instrument, more than capable of meeting the requirements of the Society, and certain to be a great assis tance in its future performances of sacred music|The balance-sheet showed that '£272 12s. had been received and paid into the Bank on account of the Organ Fund subscription, and it was expected that within a month, the whole sum at present promised would be collected. All expenses connected with the fund had been paid out of the ordinary income of the Society. The net receipts during the past year were £349 8s.; the expenditure, £380 3s. Id. j and the balance in hand, £12 3s. 7d. The following officers were elected :— Hon. Conductor, Mr. E. Spfller; Hon. Secretary, Mr. R. Kay; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. P. T.Scott; Hon. Librarian, Mr. Felstead ; Committee, Messrs. W. H. Charlton, H. Davies, C. Hack, G. T. Harris, W. Holden, B. P. Pilgrim, R. J. Scott. Votes of thanks were presented to the conductor and the other offieers for their services, and a similar compli ment was paid to the Chairman. Threatening Lbtteb.— During the debate in the Assembly upon immigration the Chiof Secretary referred to a threatening letter which he had received. Subjoined is a copy of the communication :— ' August 8, 1871. A Sir — The author of this letter desires to inform you that should the attempts of the Govern ment to bring about free immigration succeed he will take such steps as will bring them into dispute and disrepute. He will work in secret after the manner of Satan— not openly, neither shall they know him, and will work to their con sternation; nor need they doubt this from one who's power in that line is equal Ho his will. Signed by X, Emissary to FbUs. Chief Secre tary of present Government.' Smokkg on Railways.— 'The practice of ?moking in the ordinary railway carriages is a growing nuisance, and requires the attention of the authorities,' remarks our Salisbury corre spondent, who adds—' In one compartment the other evening there were six men puffiug away, ilraost choking the unfortunate people who happened to be caged with them.' Meeting of Cabbiebs.— It is reported by the Standard of Mount Gambier that ' a meeting «-as held at Pratt's chaff store on Saturday, August 9; Mr. H. P. Crafter in the chair. About 10 carriers were present, and the following were idopted as the future scale of charges for jarrying goods: — Between Mount Gambier and Narracoorte, lOd. per ton per mile for loading rver half a ton, and at the rate of Is. per ton per nile for anything under half a ton. Between Mount Gambier and Port MacDonnell, Sour, furniture, and timber to be excluded from the ibove rates, and to be charged as follows: — Flour, 12s. per ton; furniture and timber by ship measurement, at 10s. per ton. Wheat, xom Mount Gambier to Port MacDonnell, 4d, ?er busheL The meeting adjourned till the 23rd inst. The rise of a penny per bushel on ;he cartage of wheat to the Pert will probably lave the effect of taking this part of the work rat of the carriers' hands, as farmers will most ikely prefer to cart their wheat themselves.' The Nobth Britain.— A meeting of this Prospecting Company was held at the Hotel Surope on August 14, at 4 p.m., Mr. S. B. Saunders presiding. It was resolved that on ac rount of the favourable reports received from Captain Richards it was advisable to form a arger Company to develop the property. Scott's.— In this gold mine boring is being :ontinued, and the manager reports :— ' I am lown the second bore to a depth of 70 feet. [ have cut several quartz leaders, which in uiy ipinion afford the best indication I have seen -n the claims. I bave washed the stuff from :he bore-hole, and find it contains a little fine iold. I think this will lead to a good reef below.' Tmr in a One- Wheeled Vehicle. — On Tuesday afternoon, August 11, an energetic Police-constable, Mr. W. Brown, now stationed in Kooringa, was told that a drunken man had fallen from his horse about two miles from that town on the main road, and would be in danger of meeting with some injury from passing vehicles if he remained there after dark. The policeman rushed off at once, and being a power ful man bad little fear of compelling the drunkard to use his own legs to carry bis beery carcase to the station. The inebriate was, how ever, too helpless for that, aad as he weighed upwards of 12 st, for one man te carry him to the nearest house for shelter was not easy. The use of an empty wheelbarrow offered in fun was promptly accepted, and the kind-hearted police man walked off, wheeling his erring charge. All went well until the town was reached, when a number of mischievous schoolboys, seeing a man in a wheelbarrow in charge of the police, raised a long and long shout that called a mob of idlers together. The road now lay down hill for a few hundred yards, and to prevent too large an addition of spectators Mr. Brown set off at full trot to the Station, accompanied by the scholars. JSext day the passenger by the one- wheeled con veyance was tenderly dealt with by Mr. Drew, J.P., who mercifully let him off with a fine ef os. rhe constable's reward was the having to endure considerable banter owing to his setting up a one-wheeled vehicle in opposition to the regular cab. The Destruction- of Si.CGs.-Mr. J. Peck writes to us :-» Knowing it to be a general complaint that slugs aro very destructive this season, I may state that I have jast read in a new work received from England that tar water is sure to cause their death. The water requires to stand three or four days to become sufficiently impregnated with the tar. Of course this only applies to gardens as a remedy.' Babbarous Cruelty.— An act of consum mate cruelty to a horse was perpetrated at Willunga a few days ago, when to induce obedience the animal was stabbed five times in the thigh with a penknife. The perpetrators of such acts ought to be severely punished. Willukga Slate.— The Swordfish, of 180 tons burthen, from Melbourne, is expected to reach Port Willunga this week, when a good cargo of nagging and roofing slates will be shipped for Victoria. An unusual demand for nagging has recently sprung up there, for till lately it was somewhat difficult to dispose of flagging in Melbourne. Gold in Gebsb.— It was recently reported by the Bathurst Free Press that Mrs. Whittaker, of the Victoria Hotel, Carcoar-road, was making ready four geese for a wedding feast, as Tier daughter was about to be married. Ob opening the gizzards of the slain geese Mrs. W. found three pieces of gold, which when placed in the gold scales weighed 1 dwt. and 12 grs. The geese were reared by Mr. Whittaker at the homestead, and it is well known that geld has been found in considerable quantities in the same neighbourhood. Some turkeys were killed at the same time, and gold was found in their gizzards, but not in quantity. Eebosine fob Rheumatism.— A correspon dent at Stirling North says: — 'I was advised to take two teaspoonfuls of kerosine three times every alternate day; but I found it would not do during the day as it creates bilt, so I took it on going to bed occasionally — (not at all regularly, for I often forgot it). I can't Bay that a perfect cure has been wrought yet, but I can say that I feel scarcely any sign of rheumatism at present.' Royal Letters.— The Hawaiian Gazette of June 4 publishes translations of eight letters, received on his accession to the throne by King William Charles Luaalilo, from leading SovereigBs, all breathing a sincere and brother! j spirit towards the young Hawaiian monarch, and manifesting a warm interest in the future welfare of his people. These letteis are at follows, taking them in the order that they were received: — From Victoria, Queen of Great Britain ; Alexander II., Emperor ef Russia ; Leopold II., King of Belgium ; William III., King of the Netherlands ; Christian IX., King of Denmark ; William, Emperor of Germany ; Franz Joseph, Emperor of Austria ; and from Mutsu-hito, Emperor of Japan. Several of these interesting missives are in the autograph of the sovereigns sanding them, and are other wise of peculiar interest. While they are, for the most part, similiar in form, the expression of some— the Emperor William, for example— is highly characteristic and emphatic. The letters from Kintr Leopold, the Emperor of Austria, and King Christian are marked by all the frankness and courtesy of personal friendship. The communications sent by the Sovereigns of Great Britain and Russia are, on the contrary, elaborately formal and studiously polite, and both are countersigned by tha Minister — Her Majesty's by Earl Granville, and the Emperor Alexander's by Prince Gortasbakoff. Similar letters bave also been received from Oscar, King of Sweden and Norway; from the (late) President of the French Republic, M. Thiers ; and General Grant, the President of the United States of America. The message of the Emperor of Japan has been much commented upon, as showing how readily the monarch of that most extraordinary people has adopted the forms of European Sovereigns. Obtrusive Emus.— The emu is beginning to ueert a right to his native heath with au amount of force that proves how much he has been benefited by civilization (remarks the IVagga Wagga Express). An instance of the energetic resistance 'which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nunrod, of whose prowoss in the field let the spirits of departed ducks and Bnipe bear witness, was driving across the plain when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of manifesting any alarm at bis approach they awaited it quietly, and wben within a hundred yards of him a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided step.? they approached, beaded by a very Goliath of an emu— a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, Mid had grown ancient upon the ground which bis forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this indiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, waited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a mo*t undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, per forming at intervals acrobatic feats suniUar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well iirected kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained bis dog, known by the expressive appellation of ' The Fed,' from the back of the trap. ' The Fool' considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master mot him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the rein forcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded ip the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight raxed warm for some time ; nor was it until our of their whilom comrades strewed the plain hat the flock left it to the possession of the foe. )ne of the birds Mr. Robbins secured to his xap and skinned that night by his camp fire; )ut the others, owing to their weight, were Jlowed to remain as memorials of the encounter.' High Cartage. — We are informed that the :ost of the cartage of wheat from the Gulnare Irea to Port Pirie is now Is. 9d. per bushel, wing to the dreadful state of the tracks. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] The Executive Council.— The Governor ield a Council on Thursday, at which all the Ministers were present. The Late FathebJ'itzsimmons.— We learn ?hat the Rev. Father Fitzsimmons, who was ?ecently appointed by Archbishop Polding, of Sydney, to take charge of the Roman Catholic ?ongregation at Wentworth, and act (as a mis ionary priest iu the D.trling District, has been x-und' drowned at Eiston. An inquest was jeing held when the mail left that town. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated itatement shows the quantity of rain that fell -etween 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour -n Thursday at tho undermentioned places:— Adelaide ? 0-lf-7 Strathalbyn ... 0*135 Jawler ? OOfo Guaieracaa ... 0*270 fanunda ? 0*020 Willunga ? 0*110 ftanchetown ... 0*020 Normanville ... 0*200 Sapunda ... 0*030 Port Elliot ... 0*162 Auburn ? 0300 Goolwa ? 0*180 SVallaroo ? 0*130 McGrath's Flat 0*200 Hoonta ? 0*100 Robe ? 0*180 ^lare ? 0*230 Mount Gambier 0*280 Burra ? 0*120 Penola ? 0*270 Uelrose ? 6*260 Narracoorte ... 0*250 ?ort Augusta... 0'290 Wentworth,Nsw 0*020 Mount Barker 0*270 FOSSILS. — An important disaovery of fossil ?emains has been made at Gowrie Creek, Queensland. 'They consist,' says the Darling Umciis Gazette, ' of the head, fore leg, and foot jones of an extinct species of gigantic mamma ian animal, named by Professor Owen, in 1844, Diprctodon Auslralis. Many remains of this immal have been discovered in various parts -f the Darling Downs District, and particulanly it King's Creek and Gowrie. rrom these ossils Professor Owen has from time to time -een enabled to proceed with the construction )f a complete skeleton, but f jr many years past le has been unable to procure the foot bones low brought to light at Gowrie. He is indebted ;o Mr. G. B. King and a Toowoomba gentleman or the latter discovery. The whole series will ?e sent home by the next mail.' A Big Baby. — An enormous baby is among :he attractions of Melbourne. This infantine lypertrophy, now exhibitine: at the waxworks, s, according* to the Argus, ten months old, weighs 42 lbs., and measures within an inch of a (rard in length. He was born at Gulgong, and is the combined result of German and English parentage. He has not yet been weaned, and has not cut his eye-teeth, and began to expand when about a month old. If bis enlargement proceed at his present rate of development, an alepbantwill be a mere mouse to him by the time he is breeched. Expobt OF FROZEN Meat. — In January last a Committee of stockholders was formed in Melbourne to raise £2,500 in order to ship to England 22 tons of frozen meat as an experi ment. The considerations urged in support of the movement were as follows:— 'That an ex perience of four years has shown that the process of shipping meat in tin canisters will not command a sale at prices that will realize a profit on fat stock purchased at present nvrrket values in Melbourne. That all accounts concur in showing that Europeans generally have so strong a preference for joints of meat a» com pared with tinned moata that they pay 9d. to I4d. per 1b. for fresh meat, and that they will not pay mere than 7d. per lb. for 6-lb. canisters of similar meat divested, of bone and superfluous fat. It, therefore, joints of fresh meat can be delivered in England it is obvious that a very large increase in the value of pastoral property will be created by the success of this proposed experimental shipment' The appeal; we notice, has been successful, the sum of £2,787 10s. having been collected, and Mr. Harrison, the patentee of the freezing process, sailed for England in the Norfolk on July 24, with 10,536 lbs. of beef and 21,570 lbs. of mutton. The experiments made to ascertain the watte of ice under conditions as nearly as poanble similar to tho«e of a voyage to London were very satis factory and Mr. HarriBoniBsangmne of mieotsB. We shall look forward with much interest to the result of this trial shipment. 