HELPERS IN CHRIST JESUS. A SERMON, Preached by the Rev. P. B. Power, M.A., in St. Paul's Church, Melbourne, on the Eve of St. Peter's Day, 1873, being the Twenty seventh Anniversary of the Foundation of the Bishopric of Mel ? bourne, and the Consecration of its First Bishop. ;' Greet Priscilla and Aquila, my helpers in Christ Jesus.' (Romans xvi. 3.) . There is some profound mystery of our being hinted at in .those words of God in Gen. ii. 18, when He said, 'It is not good that the man should be alone, I will make him an help meet for him.' The man had been made perfect — no taint of sin was upon 0 him, no predisposition to sin was in him ; he was strong, and needed no friendly arm to support him ; he was well, and nppnlficl nn fenrlp.r hand fcr» ministAr i-.n Tiim ? Iia \\\a.-\ r»r- Wf.f.or memories which needed the music of woman's voice to soothe away, no yearning hopes which needed her presence to make a bright reality ; the man was perfect and strong, and, as we should say, u self-contained ;' and yet, as the all- wise God who made him, and who knew all about him, surveyed him and thought about him, and thought for him, what did He say? ' It is not good for the man to be alone, I will make him an help meet for him.' Now this is very wonderful. Why was it not good 1 Why should he need help 1 How was she to be the help % Why could he not stand and have dominion over the fish and fowl and cattle by himself 1 These are speculations in which we should soon lose ourselves ; they are full of interest, but they are full of mystery too ; and with faculties so limited as ours, we had better, perhaps, let them ? quite alone. This much, however, may be safely said — We may be sure that when God declared it was not good for man to be alone, He pronounced a judgment not only upon the circumstances in which he was placed, but upon the very root- nature of his being, as it was formed by Himself. The God who made him pronounced this as His deliberate judgment about him. Well ! circumstances became changed; Adam fell, and Eden was lost; and now that the ground was cursed, and bare thorns and thistles, was Adam more independent than he had been? ISTo ! the root characteristic of his being remained in this respect precisely as it was before. If it was not good to be alone in the garden, how much less in the wilderness ! There were two placed by God in the garden, and two driven forth by Him into the outer waste. She, who for some mysterious reason was necessary as a helper in Adam's joy, was now plainly needed as a helper in his grief. But if it be not given to us to understand the mystery of those words, ' It is not good for the man to be alone,' as regards Eden, it is at least given to us to know something about them as regards the world after the fall; for it is woman's hand that soothes all his pains, her voice that charms away his fears, her tender patience that ministers and is silent, that bears and answers not, that watches and wearies not. She seeks no thanks, but is grateful at being given the oppor tunity of showing love. Now, in all this, there is only a carrying out (under the altered circumstances of the fall, no doubt, but still only a carrying out) of something which lay deep in the mind of God when he said, l- It is not good that the man should be alone, I will make a help meet for him,' or, as it is in the Hebrew, a help, as before him. For what was this helper ? Weaker than Adam, yet needful to him, in all things present with him, the lesser ministering to the greater ; no doubt in the sweet liberty of love, but still doing so. And that position the Apostle still keeps up under the new dispensation ; for he says ' The man was not created j for the woman, but the woman for the man.' It could not be I ] otherwise, for if it were, the fundamental reasons for woman's i. creation must be overthrown. Do not think that what I have now been saying has little or nothing to do with the text. In going back thus far, we have only taken hold of the first link of a chain of which the text is a link farther on, and the last known link is amongst ourselves to-day. And to this chain link after link must be added, as long as the Church is on earth. Yes ! it may be that this chain is endless ; and that link after link will be continually added throughout eternity, in heaven. Now, though I cannot probe the mystery of those words, 'It ' is not good for man to be alone,' still I believe I can see some reasons why God should have uttered them. There was in them the germs of truths, which Paul grate- „ fully acknowledges as carried out in the text, and which I ^ trust we shall carry out to-day, and ever more and more i amongst ourselves, in our congregation and in our homes. j That primal truth of Paradise, spoken of one man, has ramified amongst all orders and conditions of men, and it is [- amongst us a living truth to-day. p Let us take two or three out of the thoughts which are ? suggested to us here. [ Man was never intended to be independent. God linked * him (1) to Himself as his Creator, and (2) to woman, a fel- i' low creature; (1) to one stronger, and (2) to one weaker than himself. He made him dependent on the very one over whom He gave him lordship. ^ The law of our being is Dependence, first on God, then on each other; and though we, in our pride, often struggle against it, still God will carry it out. Isolation, selfishness, haughtiness, pride, self-will, all these gather round a graceless independence, and God, as it were, says, ' Look back to the history of your creation, and hear what I said of thee in Paradise. How canst thou think of being independent after ',. that r Perhaps you think you would be happier if you were inde pendent, but God knows best ; He knew it then, and He knows it now. And, then, how we are made to depend on those who are weaker than ourselves ; upon our servants for daily ministration to our wants ; sometimes even upon a I little infant to smile away some brooding grief ; upon a thou- I sand agencies so small that many of them are never even \ known. Mutual help, then, being the law of our being, from \ it spring two great duties : — (1) Willingness to render help, [ (2) readiness to receive it. \ Each of these the apostle recognised. He describes him self as being a helper in the Corinthian's joy, and as being helped by Aquila and Priscilla, in the text. I wish to speak principally to-day of being helpers, like Aquila and Priscilla; but as I have mentioned the sub ject of readiness in receiving help, I must say a word also - on this. It is the sign of having a proud, isolated heart, when we doggedly and contemptuously refuse needed and kindly- offered help. It is saying that it is good, which God says is not good, viz., the 'being alone.' It is wholly con trary to God's mind when we throw off the kindness which He causes to flow in on us. It is just as if Adam said to God. when he saw Eve, ' Take her away; I can get on well enough without her.' There is blessing in receiving as well as in giving — God meant us to be refined and softened by becoming the recipients Df the kindness of others. Remember, that Jesus Himself jondescended to receive — He asked the woman of Samaria for i drink of water as He sat wearied on the well. And He puts Himself in the character of One that has received even when He is upon the throne of His glory ; for He says, ' Inasmuch is ye have done it unto one of the least of these, my brethren, [ ye did it unto Me.' If Jesus says this in glory, how, then, can it k, m be a shame to receive that which is needful — which is the offering of love on earth ? He who stands aloof from all, as concerning giving and receiving, is in a place where God never put him, and where he is not living the life which God appointed for him. This was not the position which the great Apostle took up. Even the' great hopes of heaven do not destroy these tender memories of earth. Hear what He Bays, as He closes up one of the greatest masterpieces of logic which the world has ever seen, ' Greet Aquila and Priscilla, my helpers in Christ Jesus.' Helpers in Christ Jesus ! Observe here how the greatness of the Apostle's position did not prevent his recognition of mere helpers. How unlike this little phrase is to what we generally find in the world ! -The chief actors in the world's scenes like to monopolise all the honour or profit to themselves ; they thrust their subor dinates into the background; their poor, humble friends and helpers are nowhere. But Paul here brings forward one and another; they helped him, and he had benefitted by their help; they were ' helpers in Christ Jesus.' Jesus, as we are distinctly told, will acknowledge many hereafter as having been His helpers in the persons of His people. He will even say to them such words as these : — ' Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom pre pared for you from the foundation of the world.' But I expect that, great as this is, there will be, from the social nature of heaven, something more. Those who have been helped will themselves acknowledge that help. It may be that, hereafter, such and such a saint in glory will say to Christ, ' This, O my Saviour, is the one who helped me to bear my pain. When the great tears trembled in my eyes, and the drops of sweat stood thick upon my brows, she let me grasp her hand until the paroxysm had passed, and I was able to breathe again.' And/' This one, 0 my Lord, was my helper, when I had long dull hours of suffering ; and I tossed to and fro, crying in the morning, ' Would God it were evening,' and in the evening, ' Would God it were morning.' Never was she tired of smoothing my pillow, never of whispering words of hope; she kept watch with the wakeful, and met the weariness of wasting illness with the unweariness of imperishable love.' And here is another, who speaks to the blessed One, and says, ' Thou, my Saviour, wert my great friend; but here is the one whom Thou didst send me in my hour of necessity, to be a friend to me for Thee. And he was my friend. He tided me over the difficulty concerning which I cried to Thee; he undergirded me when I was well-nigh broken in pieces by the violence of the storm; and the ruin that stared me in the face he averted from me and mine.' Or, it may be, he was not called upon to do so much; then the helped one will say, 'This one, O my Jesus, is the man Thou sentest to help me over that stony rbad, when I was foot-sore; the one Thou sentest to ease me of part of my burden, when I was galled with its chafing, and downborne by its weight. It was in a very common thing, O Lord, thou knowest, but he came a consecrated messenger from Thee ; and was ' a helper in Christ Jesus.' ' And yet one more, the once-sorrowing one, the one from the house where the blinds were down-drawn, and the dinner was untasted; where people whispered where they used to talk, and even children crept up and down where they used to jump. Now there are no tears on this sad one's cheeks, for Jesus has wiped away all tears from the eyes ; but the tearful day is remembered, and the voice that at that time was choked with sobs, now speaks, as can speak that voice only which has been tuned in heaven, and says, ' Here, my Holy One, is the comforter thou didst send me, the helper in Christ Jesus, whose look of love was a sunbeam which no curtain could shut out; whose words were food of which no sobs could hinder me to eat ; and sounds of life which no silence of death could hush.' Some amongst you, my brethren, there are doubtless who are helpers, but, alas ! only some, for surely there are others who think only of themselves, what they can help themselves to— the largest slice, the choicest, tenderest bit: — what they can get, or what they can enjoy, just while they are here. These have always formed a large part of every congregation the members of which I knew personally and individually, and most probably they do of this. Might I not ask you, my brethren, these three questions : — Who are you helping? How are you helping? What are you helping? And, I might add another, Do you know what it is to be a helper in Christ Jesus ? There are surely some amongst you, brethren, who have hitherto been too remiss, whom I would now invite to come forward, and henceforth take a place in the ranks of the ' helpers in Christ Jesus.' You know Jesus, and you love Him, and you want to know and love Him more. Make up your minds, by God's grace, and say, ' Henceforth / will be a helper too.' Join the little company who are ready to put their hand to anything and everything. They are but few, the same people over and over again, so that the printer might keep their names up in type from one year to another in the list of charitable subscriptions. Well, join them; lift up your voice to God and say,. '*' Henceforth I am too a helper in Christ Jesus.' I know full well that you will be met by Satan with many discouragements. He will say to some of you, ' What good is your poor paltry help 1 It is only people who have great talents, who have full purses, who have plenty of time, who can do great things.' To begin with, that is not true (which is not to be won dered at, seeing that it comes from the father of lies), but in the next place that is not the question at all. The point in hand is not about doing a great thing, or anything by yourself, but about your being 'a helper,' and lending a hand to others. No doubt there are cases in which God gives a man the means to do a great thing, and plants the noble heart within him to do it, so that he puts his strong shoulder under the weight, and lifts and carries it by himself, like a man in whom there is the strength of God. But these cases are few. Most of us can only help'; and it is only pride, or laziness, or & a deceitful excuse, if we say, ' Because we can't do as much as we would, we will do nothing at all.' Perhaps God never intended you to do anything great by yourself, all your life. He only meant you always to be helping, lending a hand here and there, and everywhere where it was wanted. Carry out God's intention, and you will do well. Be satisfied to sink yourself, for God will not sink you. Be satisfied to be nobody, for God will call you somebody. Be satisfied to be one of many, for God will know you amongst many. The ' helpers in Christ Jesus' are all His friends, and He knows all about them and their work. And should you say ' Yes, I will be a helper,' then be one ' in Christ Jesus,' in the spirit of Christ, and for Christ. Steadily keep before your mind the thought that a helper in Christ Jesus must help after the example of Christ himself. He was the Great Helper — ' I have laid help on one that is mighty,' was God's prophecy concerning Him. No doubt He was the mighty one who could do everything alone, but to do it in the way of giving help was His great delight. There is no wine at the bridal feast, and He who is the true vine supplies the need. There is no bread for the multitudes, and He who is the bread of life feeds them to the full. There is no hope on the stormy lake, and He who is God's peace says, ' Peace, be still,' and there is a calm. The disciples are overmatched by the powerful and wise men amongst the Jews, and He who is the power of God and the wisdom of God comes to their relief. Lazarus dies, and Martha and Mary weep, and He who is the resurrection and the life bids Lazarus live. He who is the man of sorrows dries the sisters' tears. The wayfarers to Emaus are per plexed, and He who was witnessed to by the law and the prophets joins Himself unto them, and opens unto them the Scriptures. Freely, cheerfully, thoughtfully, so did Jesus help. And if you, by God's grace, say, ' I see that there is a band on earth, ( the Helpers in Christ Jesus,' and I will join myself to them,' then join, in this the spirit of Christ, and join for ever. Be a free helper, and a cheerful one, whether in labour, or money, or both. To do 'grudgingly, and of necessity,' is to hinder, not to help. For he who gives either money or time grudgingly is a walking advertisement of the devil, which every one who goes the way may read, and what is written upon him is this — ' I serve a hard, exacting master. I serve one not worth the serving. If I were not made by hard conscience to do it, I should never do it at all ! ' The unwilling helper is a real hinderer; and, in truth, is doing the devil's work, and not God's. And one word more on this head. Be thoughtful helpers. It is not enough in this world to know that such and such things should be done, and to say, they must be done; but we should also think, how they are to be done. For there are often many ways in which a thing can be accomplished, and perhaps only one of them all is right, or there is some one way which is better than all the rest. And it is astonishing, if only we ?will give ourselves the trouble to think, what a number of ideas will flow in upon our minds, what ways we shall find of doing good. Thoughts will flow in upon us from heaven. The Father of Lights will give us wisdom. We never knew before how many openings there were for us, how many voices calling ms, how much we really can do. Helpers ! What a comprehensive word. It takes in every one, the least as well as the greatest ; he who gives the cup of cold water, as well as he who makes the great feaet. She who ?washed Jesus' feet with her tears, as much as they who pre pared spices and ointments. Some more and some less, but ' helpers' all. Our common proverb says, ' Every little helps,' and that truth, believe me, belongs to heaven as well as earth. We are met together this evening, my brethren, to commemorate the foundation of the See of Melbourne, twenty-seven years ago, and the consecration of its first Bishop. That this See has Mill its fikst Bishop makes our meeting not only one of com memoration, but also of congratulation ; and for the church's sake, and I doubt not for personal affection's sake, many a fellow helper of the chief pastor of this diocese hopes that he may greet him and be greeted by him on oft-recurring anni versaries of this day. Suffer me, my brethren, though a stranger among you, to mingle my feelings and present my congratulations with yours. We Christians, though preserving our individuality, still all are one in common interest. The drop evaporated from the soil of a far-off land, and wafted over the ocean, mingles and becomes one with the waters of the land on which it lights ; and we, ministers of God, who come to your shores, come to you as brethren in Christ, and minister in the affini ties of a common faith and common Lord. If in Jesus there is neither Jew nor Gentile, Barbarian nor Scythian, bond nor free, but all are one in Him, how much more must it be so when from the first we have had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, and have long lived in hope of the same heaven and a common home. And I think, even on personal grounds, we are bounden to be sharers of your interests, your sorrows, or your joys; for in your temple there is no stranger's court, where we who wayfare must feel that we are solitary, without Christian sympathy, though worshipping a common Christ. You make us at home in your pulpits and at your boards, making us one with yourselves in partaking of the bread which nourishes the body, and dispensing that which nourishes the soul. I feel in truth as it were one of yourselves to-night, and though your Bishop's hand has not been solemnly laid on my head in ordination, still it has been so warmly extended to me in Christian affection, that I find myself, though free from canonical obedience, yet here to-night under the power of many canons of Christian love. So, then, as it were one of yourselves, let me speak now for a few moments of a matter of equal interest to us all as members of one church, and having a common interest in the chief pastor of it. ' ' I have said that it is well for this colony that it has still its first Bishop, and now I would add to that another saying, viz., that the sooner it gets its second the better ; a second, not in lieu of the first, but the longer to keep the first ; the time has passed, in the government of the church in this colony, when it is good for man to be alone. None feel this more than the Bishop himself. It is no shame to him that years increase and strength diminishes ; it is a glory that churches are the mile-stones which mark his travelled road of life, and that that road he journeyed step by step in the power of the Lord, and of his might. He has planted, and now we need an Apollos to water, arid God shall give the increase. The affections of his heart, mellowed not decayed with years, are still with this church, which, twenty-seven years ago, he es poused in poverty and. loneliness, her dowry being the wilderness, her attraction being her need ; but the natural pulses-of his heart beat slower, and whilst we cannot, blessed be God, say that 'the strength of the bearer of burdens is decayed,' in the course of nature he must feel more and more every year that which cometh upon him daily, the care of all the churches. Yet not to spare himself, but for the church's good, he would now see this overgrown diocese divided, and a bishop appointed for Ballarat. And, indeed, how important must that seem to him, when even a stranger can perceive on the very surface of things how much benefit will accrue from the personal presence of a bishop in the new diocese. What it is impossible to accomplish now, may be easily accomplished then. The incomings and outgoings of their bishop amongst them continually will for the first time be possible. Let them but get a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, having on the forefront of his mitre ' Holiness unto the Lord,' and they will be guided by his counsel, quickened by his energy, com forted by his sympathy, helped upward by his example, and the tidings that we shall hear of them will be that 'the churches, walking in the fear of God and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, are multiplied.' He will be what no one bishop of Victoria ever can be, an ever-present influence ; he will be a chief shepherd under our Lord Jesus Christ, that great Shepherd of the sheep, who was brought again from the dead; and 'the whole body, fitly joined together and com pacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, will make increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.' Not that he himself may do less, but that more may be done, does your Bishop desire to see this new diocese created. He knows the limits within which human powers are bounded, and the area of the church has so much enlarged, that no one influence can properly pervade it all. What more fitting token, then, can I ask of your appreciation of his long episcopate, than the helping, the substantial helping, in carrying out this his design for the welfare of the Christian faith, and the church over which he presides. Give him, then, this day, a substantial greeting in this respect, and constrain him to greet you as ' helpers in Christ Jesus' ; emancipate theidea of this bishopric from the swaddling clothes in which it has been struggling too long, and let it come forth in all the freshness of young life to do the work of the Lord. I marvel to see this enterprise, creeping in and out through piles of wealth, gathering so little day by day. I marvel to see such a cause of God, treated by many like an audacious mendicant, or an unwholesome acquaintance ; connection with it wholly ignored, or if allowed, acknowledged grudgingly and of necessity, as unwelcome connection with a poor relation is confessed, when for very shame's sake it can no longer be denied. What ! are there no strong men in the colony who can put their shoulder under this work and finish it at once 1 Are there none whose flocks now number thousands upon thousands, who can Temember the time when they might have been counted by hundreds or by tens— men who, like Jacob, commenced life with their staff, arid have now become two bands ; but who, unlike Jacob, have not vowed a vow that in gratitude they will surely give a tenth to God. Are there none who have marvellously .been rescued out of difficulties, and who have found themselves rich when they thought they were on bank ruptcy's very verge ? Are there none whose lands and flocks and herds have increased, so that they have more than they can use, and the utmost enjoyment wealth can give them more is the miserable consciousness that some day they may add one more cypher to the total which they must leave behind ! Are there none of these who feel high impulses of gratitude, or at least a decent thankfulness which they will not allow to be caricatured by the paltry giving of £10, or £50, or even £100 1 Manifold have been the gifts of God, manifold should be the acknowledgers of them also. Rouse yourselves, my brethren, if from pulpit or press these words reach your ears, and acknowledge the One who says, ' All the beasts of the forest are mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.' Is it indeed such a great thing for some of you to give £1000 to God, when God has given thousands upon thousands to you ? Count your flocks, or your herds, or your investments ; count the cheques you have drawn for yourselves, and the cheques you have drawn for God. Let the very foils of your cheque-books speak to you and say 'We are documentary evidence which, destroy us how you will, will appear as witnesses about you in the judgment day.' Then cry shame upon yourselves ; say ' I can bear myself no more in the aspect of a poor, pitiful, ungrateful, shrivelled hearted creature ; I will stand no more steeped to my lips in this puddle of selfishness, and glued down by its ill-savoured slime. As this cheque-book bears upon its past pages the record of my earthliness, so, in its very next page shall it bear the record of my deliverance. As in thousands Thou, O Lord, hast blessed me, so in thousands will I acknowledge Thee.' But the privilege of large giving, and large blessing for and in giving, is not confined to men of large means, and thank God that it is not. We have ten parts in the kingdom, and have at least as much right in David as they. The church is made up of helpers, great and small ; from the bishop, who has not dominion over men's faith, but is a helper of their joy, down to Priscilla and Aquila, Paul's helpers in Christ Jesus — yea, from the Great Shepherd and Bishop of our souls Himself, the Head of the Church,, of whom we say, 'I was in misery,- and He helped me,' down to those who give even a cup of cold water to a disciple in the name of Jesus, bringing forward on their journey in a godly sort (or in a manner worthy of God), brethren and strangers, whom, as John says, in receiving we become fellow- helpers of the truth — Yes, thank God, the kingdom of heaven is made up of pence givers as well as pounds givers. The tabernacle had boards of wood as well as vessels of gold ; the fillets and hooks of silver were borne on pillars and pins of brass ; gold, silver, and brass, and even slender^ threads entered into the tabernacle : unity and wonder — the work of the needle (the smallest instrument of labour) being given a place, and not a mean one either, for it revelled in blue and purple and scarlet. The gate of entrance, without which there was no access at all, was made of fine twined linen, wrought with needle work. Oh, brethren, you who have but little, do your diligence gladly, and do of that little. God does not undervalue your little, nor Jesus, nor the Holy Ghost, nor the angels, nor the universal church. Two mites, which make up a farthing, and a widow's trembling hand, have been ordained of God to stand amongst the great company of the preachers ; but ere He bade them go forth and become doctors of the church He measured the proportion between mites and means, and saw to it, that heart and hand were one in the presence of the treasury of the Lord. Amongst the loveliest islands in the world, are those which are built on strong foundations, amid the ocean, by tiny insects. The mightiest streams which roll are but the meltings of snow-flakes and rain- drops. The highest mountains are but atoms cohering from base to summit, and making one great whole. The lisping prayer of the child, the penny of the poor man, are all precious in the work ; and by their aid alone, if all prayed and all gave, churches could be founded and sustained (yes, this bishopric itself ! and what a grand sight a poor man's bishopric would be !), ministers could be properly supported, and missions sent forth ; and not only would there be peace within the walls of the church, and prosperity within her palaces, but she would eome forth to win the world by her beauty — a king's daughter, alLglorious within ; and with her the adversaries should see one to whom she is espoused indeed — the stronger than the strong man, and the spoiler of his goods — the One mightier than a giant refreshed with wine, uniting joy with might — one which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoicing as a strong man to run a race. The church is one vast whole — a commonwealth of love — and though Jesus, the Great Elder Brother, hung in unap proachable self-sacrifice upon the cross, there was a bond invisible, by which, as a fruit of His Spirit and in the accept ance of His atonement, He binds our lower self-sacrifice to His own ; and while we are crucified with Him in a death unto sin, He allows us to rise with Him also in a life unto righteousness. A resurrection following the cross. Yes, you helpers are sharers with apostles and prophets and martyrs and confessors, ? those mighty fellow -helpers of the truth. You are one even with Him, concerning whom it is said, ' I have laid help upon One that is mighty.' To you it shall never be said, as it was to Meroz, ' Curse ye Meroz, saith the angel of the Lord. Curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof, because they came not to the help of the Lord — to the help of the Lord against the mighty.' Work we, help we, while it is day ; then when the night cometh, in which no man can work, may we know that its shades are coming on, not only by the deepening shadows of earth, but by the stealing out of many lights above j in the multitudes of our thoughts within us, then may God's com forts delight our souls ; then may our Chief Shepherd here, and all His helpers, be able to say with deep humility, yet certain faith, when the Great Chief Shepherd and Bishop of our souls shall appear, we shall receive a crown of glory which fadeth not away. We shall greet and be greeted by all the warriors and workers of the church. Many a David and Nehemiah of the Old Testament, many an Aquila and Pris cilla of the New — all one in Christ — we shall have come unto Mount Zion, and unto the city of the Living God, the heavenly: Jerusalem — ? They stand, those walls of Zion, All jubilant with song, ' And bright with many an angel ? And all the martyr throng. - ; O sweet and blessed country, . f. The home of God's elect ; . J O sweet and blessed country . . ?; That eager hearts expect. Jesu, in mercy bring us To that dear land of rest, Who art, with God the Father And Spirit, ever blest. ? '?? Amen. 