M IS P INT 5. (Concluded.) Foreign editions of English books abound in misprints, though very frequently they are not ucre errors of the press, but arise from editorial miscocepltion of the real meaniug. I have a small pocket edition of Childo Harold, published by. Campo. of Noiomberg, in whiich occur the following variorum readings. In canto three; astanz ei'lity-two, are these lines : They nmdo themselves a fearful monument - The wreck of old opinions- things which grew, Breathed fronm the breath of time.: Fearful is printed frightful, and breath t ird.: Again, in statne ono hundred and eighty-one, canto four, ahere the poet, apos troplhisiilg the ocean, says of the oak levia thans that sail on it, "These are thy toys" -for this last word the Geanmu printer substituted tops, by which, I confess I was at first rather puzzled, until it struck me that whip-tops or peg-tops, must haveo been in his mind's eye when he thouglt of ships becoming the sport of wi'l and" ware. Before Byron is dismissed, Lmust speak of one of thle strangest misprints that, perhaps, has ever occurred; for it was committed without being discovered by the author- sensitive as we know he was-or by the pub lic who have, for years, admiringly quoted the iiues. The stcanza which follows the one last cited runs thus : Thy shores are empires, chang'd in all save thee Assyria, Groece, Rome, Carthage, what are they ? Thy waters wasted thoem when they were free, And many a tyrant si?ce?- . . A skilful critic was, w?ry recently, reading this passage, and whlo hl came- to "Thy waters wasted them," he paused, Wasted what Whee.r is iton record that the Mediterranean sea has wasted the shorea that surround it I What part of the 'coast -European,ca Asiatic or African--has been overwhelmhned by the tide, and then left de solate . The ruins of Tyro are still a -land. mark; the rocks of Salamis still' overlooks the wave; the site of Carthage remains. Tyrants may have wasted those shores, but thowaters nevenr There must, then, be some mistake, Could the critic have access to the origisal manuscript ? It was produced arid examined ; and, as muelcto the surprise of all present as, I dare say, it will be to the public, the fau ty line ran thus: Thy waters washed them power when they were free, and many a tyrant since. The MS, of another of Byron's poems rec tifies a misprint which has oun allowed to pass current in all the hitherto published editions of his works. It occurs in the Prisoner of Chillon : And thus together, yet apart, Fetter'd in hand, but pin 'd in heart- For pit'd, read join'd, which completes the antithesis An author may. sometimes be indebted for an idea to his printer. The story that is told of Malherbe is acase in point. In his celebrated epistle to Da Perrier,: whose daughter's name was Rosette, he had writ ten :-" Et Rosette a .vcu con co que vivent los roses." ("And Rosette, has "lired as the rossa live:") But the printer, who foundthe MS. difficult to read, put Reoselle instead of Rosette. Malherbe reading the proof, was struck by the change,:and modified hisversoe as follows :-" Et Rose elle a v6cu co que vivent les roses." (" And a- Rose, she has lived as the roses live.'?) The comparison to the rose in the first. iustance adds greatly to the beauty of the image.o l ?isprinted dates occur very often, and sometimes cause consid rable confusion in the reader's mind. In the aInst number of the Quarterly Review, in a review yery. ad mirably written, of the account of Corsica, by Grororovios, mention is made of Sam piero, the famous Corsican Condottiero. lie was, says the reviewer, " born A.D. 1498 at Bastelica, a village . in ,the mountains near Aiaccio." After speoe ing of his military services in Italy, he adds :-" While thus acquiring distinction in foreiln countries, -ho was not unmindful of his own. Ho returned home in 1597, and his reputation as a soldier sup plying the place of titles and aucestry, won for-him a noble brido-Vannina, dau.hter and heiress of Francis Ornano, a principal 5 noble of the island." Vannies must have had a sinigular taste to select for her bride groom a gentleman of the mature age of ninety-nine. I must observe that there is n1othinig icn the context which helps one to Saftix the right date, though it is afterwards said that he died in fifteen hundred and sixty seven, exactly thirty years before he mar ried his bloomnui bride, whom, inthe mean ,pt?v? make people do strange things after their deaths. In a review:which I saw late a ly in-a weekly paper, reference is made to a very pleasant letter. from Swift to Arbuth eot, giving an excellent account of the mode of life of the former. It is dated (by the g printer) on or about 1773," from which it I would appear that it was -written by.the ghost of Swift to the ghost of Arbuthnot, the former - having died. in seventee i' hundred and; forty-fl - and the latter in seventeen hundred and thirty-throo. o0 What makes this misprint the more, abiurd '' is, that the letter coinsis's chiefly. of details ii respecting cating and drinking' aud the cheapness of livin:--nt in the other world, but in Ireland. The Ililder, a weeks since, or the Globe quoting the paragraph, - oave that what Raffaello dcld in his "brief lifo" was "marvellous." cSo -it was, but thee IRaffacllo- did not voe, as the paragraph a" stated, to be fifty-so:en years of aego Hero e it is easy to rectif the error, the words be bing in figures, awI a five inserted in the place of a throo. lint it only shows holw careful you shotd bh in, your comments a' when your pri?ers are. apt to stumblo. t Apropos of tire (nolo, the following passag. appeared in its.mprososiol of January, the oeighteoetlh uli:-e " lOar prittor yesterday oontmlithed a siOUS ,rror hn givn otU·r ex.Y tract from, tl' legistrar;O enorJas return SIeemakes cussoy that tito ilnhahitaents of SLo idou c uffoaf t prmosnt.frols a high rate of -morality. ' .bout the sa osto. period . thlq f Colirt Jourcl mado a soletol hat similhar t lapsus. A ddrico in higl lifo weasaid to.lhave Ieoon accoelauiees to the acltar, by tiyh" Ibridesmid For the sahke of I the youn ladies roferroed to, I beg d t say fat the words in italios w?as o intoended to be aghl. An errorr in Sthe .lo gn Chronic a in the year, eighteen Shneldredad twentyieneo mcust havo caused many feIless referouences to the l'cragd It boonl given to,tho, 1),k of Piork.' t , \ L. Ijthe !?alylowe ottho rsv?nthldLlrob runry., a mistako-rather, than- a- rm upTint-. occurrod, whic lifeilised Si. Bolyo liohoh's ideas ofI.tho epacity.of si bird, and 'almost equalled the supposition of Mrs Malapro?ll. Tho ministerial soccessions were on the tapis, and the paper was made to say,. "The late Chancellor of the lExchb?ilr is isn favor of retaining ollice, butit'Mr. (iladstoio is in, clined to retire from the ministry." For a politician, howeovoer, this was not a very in applicable mistake, It resemhled the dis. tluatioubetweonthe governor" and "father' in Sheridan's Critio, ' Misprints on bloo are oucasionally to boe mot with. In the Morning Chron.cle of the tivonty-ninth of January last, thoro w:?i an account, on the fifth liase, of Cardinal Wisoman's voyage from Civita Yeechia to Marseilles, with a description of a fearful storm, which was described in de tail, with all due cireumustintial sobriety. The neot paragraph boean.: " No doubt many will .disbhliove ths story, as many persona disbelieved the story of Louis Na poleon s marriage with Mlddfo. do Montijo, when it was first anuounced." "This story!" What was itt Had Cardinal Wisomai boon saved from :a toinpest by floating on his palotot,..liko Mar Newman's favorite saint ? To discover what seemedso hard to believe, it was necessary to turn. to the eighth page of the same .impression, where, in the Paris news of the day before, it was statod that the Count do Morny is the uterine brother of the .Empperor. "It is now said-and, I may add, is believed in the bost-informed 'quarters-that the Emporor had roaolyod to declaro the Count de Horny the legitimate soai of King Louis of HIolland and Quoeen Hortonso, and. conse quently his own brother." In lifting, the typo for a di'fferoit'edition, 'thI comment upon this paragraph had unfortunately beeni left behind ; for, after disposing of the Count do aHorny, the correspondent eontinued the adventure of Cardinal Wiseman as quietly as if nobody else's affairs had interposed to renider it doubtfui. Another misprint on bloc crept, a few weeks since, into. a leading weekly jonrnall. A:passago from the Times was quoted respectillg the deliciencies in the camp at Balalaava. - Th description was a most painful one. After speaking of the wants of the army, which was stated to be perishing on accont of the absence of all things by which life is supported, the quota tion went onl to say: "\\\ o cannot g'anuce over the letters before is without discovering 'more and iinoro deficiencies." uild then this list appeared : " 11,160' cwt bristles, 70,000 ewt rage, 36SO cwt. sailcloth, 1180 cwt oil, 7957 cwt mats, 6090 ewt raw hides, 5100 cwt of tar, 3600 cwt feathers, 400 ewt'potash, 555,012 timbers, 21;085, oak: timbers for shini-bdildin", and 2135, lasts pipestavces.' ." Bristles ana rags I _P.leaity of both in the camp, no. doubt ; but the enulmeratioil of these articles be-! longed to a paragraph in the next .column, where the exports froinMbinml woso doe tailed. These are a few out of' the host of this prints which iiiglht he neeumnlateod, were only a few of "the gentlemen who write with' ease," and are printed with difliculty: to send their oxperiences to Holusehold Words, Iu conclusion, just nowr, merely to show that there has been no'invidious selection in' the instances cited from the Losljon' press, it may be mentioned that our own 'printer, in a proof of an article for a recent numilber of this journal, converted a very distinguished judge into "Mr Justice Nightmas.' t.ousehold IVords, Two butchers have been sent to 'prison at Coventry for selling diseased meat. Let us suggest that they be fed upon their own meat while in prison. U NL cNSO~ai.-A young woman has been fined for taking the place of a cab-driver, and endangering life and limb by furious driving. Why? Woman is now assuming all sorts of "rights." I hear of lady. doctors, a lady laawer, lady voters; "why not lady cab men? --h.B. They certainlymake the very best "buss conductors." An urchin, not quite three years old, said to his sister, while munching a piece of gin ger-bread; "-Sis, .tke half of this _cake?to keep to this afternoon, when ,I get cross." This.is nearly asa oed as the story of .the child who bellowved from the top of the stairs ; "3Ma, Hananah wont pacify. me;" . Olive Logan being asked the other day if it was tree, as the papers report that she wore' fifteen . hundred dollars- on lher head in the shape of hair, replied: "Quito . true;.' and it -is also true that I wear twerity thousand dollars.in my mouth in the shape of teeth, and half a mil lion dollars in my mouth in the shape of tongue, to say nothing of the billion or two dollars in the shape of eyes, ears, and such small deer... And to tell the truth, I wouldnt sell out even' at these firures. A young wife remonstrated with her huse band, a dissipated spendthrift,' on his con duct. " My love," said he, "1 am only like the Prodigal'Son; I shall reform by-and bye." !' And l will be like the'Prodigal Son, too," she replied; "for I will arise and go to 'my 'father." And off shd went, ' A young gentleman, speaking of a young beauty's fashionable yellow hair, celled it pure, gold.-"It ought to be," juoth K------; "it looks like twenty tour carrots." An afiateur farmer wonders " why, on all this fair earth, the ground is sread bottom side up, so that it must be turne.s over with a plough before crops can be raised." A youth struck his horse with a gun to inake him go. The horse, three firgers, and the gun went off so quickly that noi body feels quite competent to say which started first. Onec of the most eventful epochs in a hboy's history is when he addresses his farther as "OldMana." It is a patriarchal term, and if tlheboy is rightly treated after wards:by the family physician he lives to a great many years to enjoy it. A chap has fitited up a fi Idle to run by steam,"and :the horrified neighbours are )'-'- - f,^,,+. sone ea'eOlltr~LyncO that will enable therto rnn ny steam, or i, not to smash the machine .witlhout being found out. 