VOICE OF THE PULPIT. |Thl« column !» ontlroly supplied by correspondents, ruid evc-j communtcstton we reeelvo on Monday morn lops open tho sut.joct has Its place hero. On Sunday evening tho Rev. Chas. f Jlark preaohed at tho Colosseum, "in connection with the services held thero by the Yonug Men's Christian Association. Ho based His remarks upon St. Paula words, -Awak-- thou that ttloepoet. Ariso from iho dead," &c;, Sbakspoaro heaufcifully says "Life is rounded oil withjslcop," and ar: otLer of tho tuneful brethren exolaims— How beautiful Is Dca",i, Death, and his brother Sl'rop. Now thoro io a close connection between death and sleep. Death, is most ' likely a prolongation of sleep. At '.he proscnt timo the world is slumbering in. that sleep which is but a preparation for utornal death. Tbo mission of the Gospel is to aroso them to n eenso oi their danger. A .story is told of a young girl walking in her sleep ovor tho parapets of vari&ns; houses, but Immediately a light flashed upon her face she became conscious, of her danger, and in a moment fell and wis dvmhed to pieces. Such pro- dicamer.t tho slnmboring world is in now, although they eco it not. Bnt'God's servauts re all; hard at work arousing them and putting them into a condition of perfect secnri.ty. .Then lot any who feel the burd'in of their sins, who foel the terrible natnro of their situation, cry unto God for mercy, nnd pardon will be givori. At tho Lonadale-streot Baptist Church tho Rev. John Turner preached in the morn- inn from the words in XI. Corinthians v. S : ( Wo aro confident, I say, and willing rather ' to bo absent from the body and present with . tho Lord." Mr. Turner said that all could not endorse tcese words ; many of the Lord s living ones are waiting tor the seal- '< ing of the Holy Spirit that alone enables tho r 'deemed to testify of that assuranco of which the apostlo speaks. To the soul favored with this assurance these wordB are sweet ; while to another not yet so privi'.egel, theso words may, porhaps, ho trying. Mark tho apostle's con fidence, "For wo know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved wo have a building of God," &c.; But prior to the soul attaining Biich an exalted position it has to pass through a course of aano'ifiod affliction, with earnest desire to poEseEs this confidence. "After ihat je havo suffered a ' while, make you perfect, stablub, strengthen, settle you." The disoipleship of Christ is necessarily associated with the daily carrying of the cross, so mortifying to our human nature, which io so enamored of the very reverse picture, "Take thy oaso, eat, driuk, and be merry." Thero is no recoenition of the work of the IRly Spirit except under affliction and tribulation. "And 1 will bring tho blind by a way which tbey knew not." Man's destiny depends not upon him self. How many of you have been ambitious to reach a position far above what you havo ever occupied ! The difficulty and conflict through which the ohild of God posses, causes him in his younger time much agita tion, being confident only that ho is a poor helplesB sinner, and that he cannot help himself. The grace of God does not incul cate slothfulness ; but tho established soul (while using tho meanB within its con trol), does not speculate upon the re sults, but peacefully resigns the same Into the Lord's hand. Our supply is day by day ; the richest man has no more, as he is igDorant of what to-morrow may bring forth. "Give us thiB day our daily broad." Paul (whose difficulties were not Blight) reokoned that his sufferings were not worthy to be compared with tho future glory. Oar nature is apt to think our sufferings aro worthy to he reckoned ; but in the Lord's timo ho stops, mortifies, and lays' us low, and cnablo us, ; under the sanctifying of the Holy Spirit, to say, "Let Him do what scemoth Him good," as in David's oase, when cursed by Shimei. being aware that all things are of the Lord's ordering. Acquaintance with Christ only can give this confidence, which cannot ba either ' transferred or eold. A numerous aud fashionable congregation assembled last evening at tho Masonio Hall, Lonsdale-strect, to ' assist at the usual monthly service of Baored song whioh has proved so popular. The programme was agreeably diversified with appropriate read ings by Messrs. Brotherton and Terry. Tho fine Old lOOtli was given with a good effect by choirand congregation, to which succeeded a duet (for contralto and tenor) from Rev, xxi. 4, " God shall wipe away all tears." Then followed Storemon's grand anthem, " O Lord, our Governor," and some numbers of this work wero ao well rendered that it was with difficulty tho listeners could bo restrained from applauding. Tho gom of "tho evening was " Tho Rose of Sharon," a simple yet touching melody, Buog with taste and feeling, and which went home to the hearts of all present. Pope's ode "Vital spark of Heavenly flnrae" conolnded a per. formanos eminently suooessful iu evory way, and we look forward with pleasure to tho first Sunday iu January, wbeu tho next musical service will be given. The Rev. W. Souter, pastor of Maryfield and Wbittlesea, delivered a practical dis course yesterday, founded on 18th verse of chapter of Isaiahi "Come now, and let us reason together, saith tho Lord : though your sins be as scarlet they shall be white ab bdow, &c; " Tho preacher remarked that tho words of the text wore ono of God's reasonings with man. The words were spoken by tho Lord through the mediumsbip of His prophet, therefore thoy woro true ; thoy were spoken 1 to people — wicked poople, and were therefore . applicable to ourselves. Let us see what was the principle nr fact contained in the reason ing. It showed that God was willing to rea son with man ; it gave man the : option- of ' being happy or miserable. Tho "Almighty has here, as in many other places, doclared ".man's fate to be in his own hands, and it was ibis own fault if he lost heaven. He then ex- looted them to prsy to G-id, tolling them that such waa the 'only way to got thoir sins purified, at the same time telling them that when they prayed they muBt ' do ' so in spirit and in truth. God holds out to you the choice of beiog cast into a take -of fire, to remain in misery through eternity, or to dwell with Christ in hoaven, singing His praises, blessing Him, loving Him. and Jiving in happiness and holiness so great as to bo beyond the power of description, : through all the myriadio ages of eternity. If you do not God's will, if you despise His pleadings and His warnings, then yours will be an eternal doath. Rut if you come unto Christ, pieadiug your guilt, and praying Him to forgivo you, then when this uncertain iifo is over y.ni will enter into an everlasting rest, " whe.'e tho wicked oeasefrom troubling and the weary aro at rost." Mr. Tyerman delivered tho second of a course of JectureB in the Polytechnic Hall last night on "Favorito Texts, for' Gospel Sermone." The choioo of texts was not only dictated hy the menial and roli- gieus pcouliaritiei' of the preaoher, as stated in the first lecture, but also by partioular seasons aud ocaasions, commemorative subjects, based oo suitable texts, _ when preached at suoh seasons as Christmas, Eastor, and White cm tide. Then there wore special occasions, suc'h as thoso of humiliation and of thanksgiving" ; and also special seasons, ouch as thoso .devoted to the promo-- Hon of a revival of relation Several of tho Cl'inrohe3 of England in and aroundMelhournn -had boen enjoying suoh" a season! Thoy'had had what was oallod an ' 'eight days' pas sion," which was only anoth'er name for "a week's revival services " of fho Methodist Church. .It was certainly a lig'n of tho times when the ptaid, formal, respeo.tablo Church of England .had to tako to tbo revival busl- reis to beat np reoruits. Was there a ' daoger that the more earnest th "nigh less f a >."r' .y-'fMr'.vTt would outstr" it in the rs ,co for ecoloBiastio.il supremacy Or waa it ' .eally believed that .God could bo coaxed ' jy special sermons and prayers to 'do something for the good of tho world that He would not have do e it, hoD( £ of tho ordinary means employed by! the Church? Did the special bless- i' jgs of God depend upon tlie fluctuating zbal of any given section of those of His fellow oreatures? When would tlioso who talkod most about' God acquaint themselves with the natural' means upon which, , and upon which alopo, His blesiing depended ? Ho would like- to soo the not result of those mission or revival scrvicos published, eo that tho public might learn how many sinnors had been actually saved, and how many baoksliding saints had been really reclaimed. Perhaps a few children and old maidons had been impressed, but 'how many thinking men had been moved to join tho church, either by tho prescbei's efforts, or tho Holy Ghost? To provo tho scriptural authority for a revival a favourite text was—" O Lord, revive thy work, in wrath remember mercy." It was shown that tho popular theory of revivals was based on unnatural principles, and thcreforo they wero only productive of spurious results. God did not need urging to "remember morcy," as though His memory was as treachorous as that of some of His people when a debt is due. Such texts wero then adduced as are usuolly employed on revival- istic occasions to humble sinners by pointing' out their total depravity ; and to enforce tho necessity of repentanoe, faith and re generation throuch Christ alone ; aud finally suoh as treat of death, hell, judgment, and eternal punishment, and are usod ao motiveB to instantaneous conversion. Tho popular views on those subjects were Btrengly de nounced, and it wus contended that man kind would nover be reformed and elevated by tho artificial means tho ehurohesompJoycd; but by such natural agencies as wero com ing iuto natural operation, Mission weeks and revival services involved a gross, though unintentional, ioBidt to God. 