THE ESSAYIST. PRECONCEPTIONS. " Truth is stranger than fiction."-BrRON. 'Quite a different appearance from that which I expected," is met by the* Roman philosophical jurist by "Quis te coegitf Under what necessity, or compulsion, did you form such gratuitous expectations? Yet mankind persist, generation after genera tion, in querulously blaming Nature and Truth because that which they behold, for the first time gives the lie to their previous long-cherished and home-made preconcep tions." Such expressions of disappointment are generally something more than the mere recognition of a fact and correction of an error; there is too frequently a tone of resentment, betraying a sense of injury-a feeling that all is not right-that there is foul play somewhere ; for " I never knew that London -was on the northern bank of the Thames-I had always conceived it to be on the southern." What reply can be made ? "Que peut on faire avec un filet de sens commun ?' What, indeed, but the merited abruptness of Cicero, " Quis te coegit f Gnatho visits you for the fast time. En tering your garden, he starts with wonder, turning on you with the air of an accuser. " Why, you nave fuchsias, and a pomegranate tree! I never knew you had either. This is strange!" You feel yourself in the dock. For, of course, Gnatho knows, and«must know intuitively and absolutely, all that now is,or at any future time may, can, orought to be in your garden. Then why this paradox ? You mildly insinuate that this is his first visit; but Gnatho is not to be hoodwinked by sophistry. He gently shakes his head, exudes a fat complacent smile, and glancing at you with pitying defiance, intimates that "it will never do." He passes into your library, '' Hallo 1 ha! what's thiB ? This? I nevwrknew you had a Jornandes. How comes this here ? And Petavius, too! The very last book I had conceived in which you could ever take interest! Never did I even imagine such a thing." You reply that were this not his first visit, he might have seen both during the previous decade ; but Gnatho sees deeper, deeper far. Does he not know all the books possible to your fancy, to your judgment, to your means? Then, depend on it, there is something wrong. " The emperor," said a conceited French abbe, " may win or lose the battle as he pleases, but there stands my book, describing his successful campaign, and his conquest of Moscow." Such indict ments against Nature are certainly ludicrous, yet there is something interesting in the tenacious vitality they Buppose. How strong the preconception that dies so hard t How sublime the defiance that says to Nature, " You are a humbug!" " H n'y a que moi, qui ai toujours raison." Whence this strong hold on reason, self-will, and even on temper? In the first place the preconceived opinion (though nursed and fostered by vanity, con ceit, and self-sufficiency) has generally been of long standing and slow maturity. In some cases its protoplasm may have been a sur mise of gossipry, or distortion of malice ; in others a too ready credence of " common rumour." The seed mellows and germinates safe from the keen unsparing frosts of judgment, the searching beams or perception, or the intrusive daylight of Nature ana fact. The dogma is fixed. The item is posted in the ledger. For Nature to dare to " make it" other than as settled is an injury and a libel. "And there he has the audacity to stand, and in health? So, sir, I am to believe in the error of all those respectable men who told me that you were dead?" "Even so, good sir; I plead guilty. I not only am not, but never, for even an hour, have been dead." "Strange! strange!" says Gnatho. " Some thing in this I cannot comprehend." A professional man, of very long and high standing, called on a Minister in office. The head was absent, but his young son, the private secretary, courteously received the sexagenarian. " I call pursuant to my note of yesterday." "What? You? You? You, Sir. !" And the start of the juvenile at the form that met his eyes might have in structed Fairclough, when Hamlet first sees the ghost. "You! Pray, sir, this way. Be seated," with a courteous geRture. " And is it really the fact that you are Mr. ?" " I am in truth all that remains of tliat luckless individual" "Amazement! Believe me, sir, I-I-I have seldom been more taken by sur. prise. For I expected to see quite a different style of person." Now, be it noted, neither of the two had ever before seen the other. " And, pray sir, may I re spectfully ask, * said the senior, '' what stayed you here for to see, what manner of man w£re you pleased to expect?" "Oh a-a (pray be seated)-a-a-my mistake-a certainly, but really, I-I-and no you are well-your business," &c.; "I trust," said the other, smiling, "your .disappointment will not prove insurmountable, whether it relate to stature, to manner, or to the absence of any ideal appendage." The result was a most genial assurement of an agreeable surprise on the part of the private secretary, and a promiae of "good offices and of. favourable report," &c.; The reader's sagacity has solved th,e riddle. The boy's preconceived. notiohs were poisonous fungi dropped in by slander, but to which native and truth gave . the loud lie. They parted genially, and surely the lad proved himself to be of metal far above the average. How few can think. for themselves, or dare to try. How few can' believe in nature and their senses, when these 'contradict their preconceptions. ' I have often smiled (not, I hope, ir. reverently) at the plain common.sense auery in one of the evangelists,'1 When the Messiaa r«HaJl come, will he do or teacbmor© fhSh I doth this.man?": A threadof irony seems to lurk beneath the Sa$cho Panr^jlike shrewd ness, as, though he meant-"for, of course, you must know; yod mjist have pre-arranged I have ever* ranked among the bpecial" blessings of Providence our exemption from preconceptions on this subject The same winds .and waves that wafted St. Augustine . . to our shores brought to'the rough Britons both a divine revelation and itb promised Messiah-thuB saving us from the forming of preconceived notions. (For those whb ate yet in ideal expectancy (many pt whom: I es teem, and some deeplylove), if their ideali ties surpass that which 1 read of, then my only comment is, " Blessed be the amending hand.". : Anotherrecurringperplexityis the ''com* ing man." Heip a precious, nuisance. He is never to drink wine, 0r to Bmoketobacco, I rank him. 'with the wives of fastidious bachelors, and the children of loving maidens. He is a pure myth; I pray thee, young man, banish him from thyfancy. The year 2073 will dawn, perhaps, on some Slight improvements in garments, cookery, and beverages. But, ias a gentleman in the reign of Edward III.-albeit he had neither wax matches, gas,.cigarettes, nor (horreseo re fer&is;) The Australasian - albeit he put clumsy bougies into rude sconces, and drank vin ordinaire oat of black leather-yet was he, in every knightly grace and true manliness, as preux a chevalier as Eton ever disciplined, Oxford ever matured, or our Queen smiled on. | So in 2073 will there be as much cogging card-sharping, perfidy, lying, and foul-riding, | in senate, bar, press, and stage, as now, while I write, tend to harden the philosoipher, and to prostrate the Christian. Let us hear no more of "the coming man." Coming from a lecture, I entered into con versation with a very gentlenianly person at the hotel. " Depend upon it, sir, was the comment, " the lecturer must have primed himself with a bottle of brandy, else the de livery of such a lecture were an impossibility!" I gazed in wonder, mildly submitting that brandy blurs the cheek and hoarsens the voice-that its aid to memory and order of ideas was new and strange to me. My friend (otherwise sane) had a preconception of the intimate connexion between alcohol and intellect. The clear complexion, full deep voice, firm step, elastic memory, buoy ant spirits, and sustained energy, which to me were and are the title deeds of temper ance and exercise, were to him demonstrable proofs of inordinate imbibing. I asked whether the qualities of things were not known by their effects, and what were the recognised effects of brandy taken freely? He answered that this was the puzzle, the man being so clever an actor as to retain the mental stimulus, but to eliminate the physical signs. The first does not exist at all; the second is conceivable only as an impossibility. Inquiry proved that the man had (as I felt convinced) taken nothing but tea! . How simple appear the perceptions of Lavaterin the graceful comedy that enshrines his memory, and which I believe to be founded in truth and reality. He simply saw. He trusted God and nature. Physiognomy is real, for it requires long and continuous droppings to make an expression habitual But a man may have acquired self-command. Well, granted. But that also leaves its trace behind, therefore its revelations and corol laries. This self-command and this habit of suppressing emotion had a cause. The eye is quicker than the ear, and nature more trustworthy than fancy, and more sober than prejudice. "More servants,"says Herbert, "waiton man than he heeds." I add, and more detec tives dog his footsteps. Yes, with all thy genius and conscious strength, "a shadow tracks thy path of fire." Can low cunning veil rascality? Ah, no! Of all transparencies none so palpable to a Lavater as cunning. When once is sullied the whiteness of the soul, all nature seems to conspire. Commit a crime, says a quaint writer, and the earth straightway becometh glass. Ah me! How much scandal would be spared, how much malignity would be baffled, how much cruelty escaped, and how much injustice remedied if men would but prefer eyesight to common rumour, and postpone till after reason has balanced facts well verified, the formation of Theoretic Preconception. 