THE FEtfOINXx OF- WANDEROW^. j A. TALE OP AUSTRALIAN SQUATTING LWB.« < ' ' (From the Town and Country Journal.) (CONTINUED.) Let us cat and drinks for tó-morrow wi die, vs that your philosophy?" said Gilbert. "Eat ing is necessary and drinking is pleasant, bu to-morrow is the inevitable crossr examiner and what a bad quarter of an hour the wituesi has ut' it-it* be has exceeded. the modes tumbler the night before. If over I take tc poverty asan habitual practice, 1 shall drinl nothing but tea, andstnoke mild tobacco. Witl a sound, digestion and a cool head regret ma] be borné aud adversity faced. But, depend 01 it, Alcoholism, dips in poison the etui tr of fte . morse. Tue knight must fare forth-'.outovei the wall, out into the nit'ht, three hundred fee of fall. ' " I ll trouble you for the battle-axe," rathei . inconsequentially returned Hobbie, " I agree ii the main with your reasoning, but this is 1 night of electrical disturbance, as if grea things were imminent. ' Too much of any , thing is not good, said the ndian, but toi much whisky is just enough. What heads fel lows must hare who over-brandy themselves "What , awakenings, and ' fearful ? looking fo Judgement. 1 don't wonder that they snicid: now and then." " Its all luck," said Ooontemout, for circum stance. I knew a station of which, every owner and there were four, that followed one ano the: -drank himself to death.' " What an ill-omened run, as ^ gloomy 1 legend aa you could hear about a black browet castle, with ' melancholy sighing tree's ant weedgrown avenues in the old country 1_ i place where the heir always'went mud or diei young, and whioh the irreverent manufacturinj Crcesusguzed at wistfully bnt dared not to pur chase.*' ."** .. "Your probable losses are beginning to brinj on softening on the brain,:; Gilbert, or .are yoi and Gountemont goingin for literary, when th sheep are all dead P" Why, there never was evei a ghost iu this dried up miserable new country.' " No ghosts, did you say P' asked the over seer in a strangely altered tone, as he lookei through the distance with fixed and starin) eyes. . .'Did you never hear tell,of the gre; woman?" . " You don't mean to say, old fellow, tba you've seen her, and that it's all true. Ex ouse' me for laughing, I didn't remark hoi serious you were at first. . Is it a real tm tulOP" *.' It may not bb true that we are sitting her in tho flesh. It may not be true that the sea eon is dry und that tho flocks aro starving," said tr-o overseer, with all traoe ol jesiin; banished from his face; "but if these be facts i is no less one that'I saw th'o .appearance o 6hat foully murdered woman long ufter she ha« gono to her doom." . '?' Let us have it, then, by alL means," sai< Gilbert, who had been calmly observing thei; companion s changed air and manner. " Fut 01 another log, Hobbie-and Gountemont helj yourself and pass the ' Hennessy.',. I fee rather in need of a sensation; Now, go ahead old man, we can't well be moro miserable thar, we aro.'* * ' " What I am about to tell," commenced th« old bushman, " came to pass many a your. ago Things were different then in the bush. Men lived a wilder life, there was not a policé station and half a dozen magistrates round every bit of a township like Jeldebah. Th« stations were far . apart. The masters liver] away from them.; Money was scarce, stook were cheap, and good men who knew, their, wöri and-could do it were hard to get. - They, har] more of, their own way than in these days ; :anc what they had boon or what their moral ton« -was like, were matters'littló heeded, as long at the brandings and the musters went on right "I was a youngster when I went tolivo,as a kind of offside manager, at one of old Oaptair Grim wood's, cattle runs. ? It had been a bad place for blacks ; several stockmen had.bees speared ; and ' moro than one bloody reprisal bad taken place there, , These had all happened before my time. I heard many stories though, from the stockmen, that were enough to make one's hair stand .on end. ? "There was one out-station, at whioh lived 0 man, commonly'called Biaok Ned. He was 0 saturnine, silent sort of fellow, whom I intinc tively shrunk from. A splendid stockman, he was held in some kind of estimation by thc overseer, Old Driver, and the rather wicked veterans of the place for having successfully defended his hut from an attack made bj blacks. Ho, shot many before they raised thc siege, and an unknown number af terwards", bj which ruthless deed he had acquired renowi and lasting-glory. - _ ' ' " He was a good looking ruffian in his way. Ho had just thc kind of gaudy scene-paintec kind of outward uppearance that attracts fool ish women. Good Lord ! they aro foolish For the rest, he was tall and muscular, witt coal- black hair, largo whiskers, and white teeth His eyes were remarkable enough. Then was a smouldering fire in them that blazed oui when ' ho was crossed and dared to show his temper. " Ho and I were never friends. I had heard of a brutal deed of his, hailing a wretched black by tho hands to the stockyard. - I could not conceal my abhorrence. . Ho hated mo and I know it ; he was not so young as he looked itt first sight, and in his cups-for of course he drank hard at times ;" what bushman in those days did notP-lot slip memories of more important villanies. ."" Well, this respected personage was des Eaton ed by his master (I don't mean the devil, ut old Capt. Grimwood) on, an ^overland journey, with a largo drove of ¿toro cattle, tc one of tho coast towns. < He remained away three or four months ; he was successful, as usual, (lot us give the devil his due,) and the cattle sold well. His return produced a kind of revolutionary excitement in . the population of the station and of the neighbourhood ; ac event which no one, in tho ' wildest stage of delirium tremens, had figured among the fancies of a fevered brain, had occurred. Black Ned had brought back a wife. ^ . " A curiously large proportion of the strayed stock of tho surrounding runs, as-(Tell as oui own, from that time, must have concluded that Ned's out- station was the land of Goshen, or in the direct line thereto ; horses were picked up just dose by ; cattlo, itjwas thought, ' might have made out that way ;' even lost flooks of sheep were hist seen heading in that direction. It might'havo been thc flat inf ront of the hut; it might have been thc cool depths of tho ' Wild- horse waterhole,' tho largest and deepest pool in all tho creek, whioh attracted tho stook. But, in consequence of these or other reasons, it became necessary for every stookmun, shep- herd, or bullock- driver, within fifty miles, to call at Black Ned's hut, which involved, neces- sarily, a sight of Black Nod's wife. " ' What was she like P' howmuny score times was that question asked P "Women wero scarcer in tho bush in those days, generally answered in this wiso. . " ' Well, not so very much to look at, slim aud rather pale, with yellowish hair, but very genteel liko, didn't talk much, pcrhups might bo afraid of Ned,' (and well she may oe, added Bo.mo of tho audience). Flash Jack, who went , with thc cattle, told Bill Davis she was a Indy, or leastways a governess: but this deponent could not avouch, as to tho latter fact, not having seen purtles so described, since ho wus a little boy. I i "After a short" time the nine days'woni caused. . The few - stockmen s wires and ot! humble women, who went to see the wondei stranger, spoke of her as wearing a quiet, s dued air, talking kindly, but w ithout inter< to the simple visitors,.,- - " A ed seemed kind enough, quite a differi mon, as one might say; they pitied the pi thing shut up there, with nevera soul' to spf to, and she not used ' to the bush, any t could Bee with half an eye ; always wove a. gi drcds, too ; pretty made up, but alwayB the c colour. 'Well, sooner her than nae.' ? . ? ? ' "This was always .the .wind np.- 'Evtjryo felt, whu had known , her. ill-omened mate, tl hers was a fate that the meanest among tin would have shrunk from. ?? </'. . j "I never went there myself, hating the bri as 1 did, und thinking lr'should see his w time'euougb. I was worked off my. legs al and hud not that abounding loisure which let to curiosity about other men's wives. But c one day, I bad been out since sunrise,', and my return fell in with some stock which CQI me to the' Wild-horse waterhole. ? I w watering minc there, and standing him, when I saw. a woman walking do from thu hut with a bucket in her hai 1 noucoU thc grey dress--the yellow hair, t Blight- figure-it was Ned's wife, ol' course. S diu not. sue me till she came close down the bank-and then my horse making a mo1 meat she stopped and raised a pair of dreat blue eyes wonderingly to my face. It waa olear spring morning. The uir was pure, t sun, scarce above .the dark ranges which 1 eastward, touched with faint fire her hair, 1 form, her red parted lips and her pale but de oate features. I can see her now. What avmi of loveliness she seemecLto me then. I was a li no wonder my head was turned. More th all, I had seen her before. " That was a wonder of wonders But it n true. How the; bid Kentish village ' came ba to me, for a moment', all fresh and lifelike the glamour of that woman's face. ? Toe brig green meadows, - the'' bubbling ? ? brook,'' the c nail, the russet-coloured farm-hoùses,'the mi stream, where I had spent' many à holiday, a the miller's daughter. I saw'the wholo scene, olear as I see that creeper over the verandi .for one moment, and 'then"-came back t sti ange now worldlandscape.'of the far rang the wild forest, the sullen pond and.the mille: daughter ! here 1 . here 1 I rushed up to hi seized her hand in both of mine, and sobb like a child. ' Jane May thorn,'said 1, ' is indeed you, all the way from Enderby and t old mill ; or are my thoughts . about the de old land driving me mad, and is .this the begi ning of it ?' . ; "Uer look of settled sadness passed away, ai fora moment 1 saw a faint reflection of t old merry look that I knew so well, flit ov her pale face. It bud Jaded when Rho sai ' What, Elnitroe Jack of the Karton ? WI ever expected to see^you in this wretche* wretched country P :But,''-drawing'herse! aiv'ay. with a frightened expression, '.yo musn't be quite so sentimental-at the sight an old friend. ' You used not to be so., Brir your horse up. to the hut, and ' surely we mi have, a little talk- ' about ' the dear old timei i She turned her face away quickly as el I spoke, and as I went for my Warrigal, wi I was feeding stock-horse-fashton, with the rei > under hid feet, 1 saw that her whole'frame wi j skakèn, and that tears were '. trickling' fai through the slender fingers which' she presse passionately to her brow., '. j " She told me all her story. Not uncomiiio perhaps, but sad enough. The old miller hu lost money, then lost heart, fallen ill, and did Her friends were- not too kind to apennilet girl. . She was persuaded to/emigrate, hi) tallen , in- with Ned at the port; wherej we dressed and flush1 of money, he had passe . himself off for an up-country squatter. Coi fused and desponding in a strange land,- si had consented to. a hasty murringe; . and'ha realized doubtless,^ though this she would nt own, the hopeless. miSery »f her present pos tion as tho wife of one of the most. rutnlei scoundrels that ever disgraced humanity, coin for ted her as well as I was able. 1 toi her that'she might trust me in any need as brother ; . that I could for, her sake mak friends with Ned as fur us was possible. Sh thanked me with a faint smile; and us she hel out her hand at parting, a look of .such.m utterable despair was in her mournful eyet that 1 could not repress ' a groan as I mounte old Warrigal, and striking spurs into bis side left the lonely old hut far behind, " Pretty Jane Muy thorn, 'morry Jane, thought I, " has it come to this?' Half play mate, half sweet-heart, in the girl and bo days, when I lived with my uncle, old Mar Oountemout, at tho Harton, and. he used t joke me about always fishing so near tho mill 'Eh lad 1 fond of fishing-mus the'some goo trout there. Young blood-young blood-ha ha ! She wits a shy lass of sixteen or so whei : we But uuder the old spreading ulders, an played in tho long, happy summer-days H I fishing." _ - I ... "Didn't I climb the old elui-tree, becaus : she was lookiug on, and breaking my arm witl ! the fall from a rotten upper branch, goiu nv , village sobriquet, which never afterwards let' i me. And now she is here, living ut the Wild j horse Waterhole. How inscrutable lire thi ' wuys'of Providence. I- migration, which ha ' led tuns of thousands of poor BOUIS into unac cuatouied liberty aud sudden wealth ia Aus traliu, has brought her to a veritable house.o: j bondage and to a living death. '. j " By Jove, it's,raining steadily. I'm makin; an awful long yarn of it." I " Never mind the rain," said Hobble. " I ' yon allude to it it will stop at once. .1 wonde you don't know that. Go on, old man." : ¡ . . " Fill your, glass ¡iud goon," snid'Gilbert " Thero's too much turning upon' this uight'i rain for me to tb ink of sleep. There's ruin oi reprieve in the clouds before morning dawns so tell us your tale of tho liie-ruiu that' looki so imminent, 'lime enough for sleep after wards." He lighted his freshly filled meersohaum, anc lay back in his urin-cbair with watchful eyes. The overseer drained ti full glass, which gav« no glow , to his bronzed features, and, to thc faint rhythmic measure of the ceaseless ruin drips, the strong man told all tenderly oi , his unburied dead. I "I kept my promise to poor June. 1 j smoothed tho bloodhound, her mate, and ?atoned up a sort of half-and-half friendship, arranged opportunities for tho decenter women on und. in tho neighbourhood of the place, to afford her a little ordinary social intercourse. I carefully avoided any appear- ance of special interest, which might rouse his suspicious nature. My efforts were aided by thoso around me, and a slight inórense of apparent cheerfulness on Jane's palo face showed me, in thc rure intervals when wo met, tb!» -1 1 had done Borne good. But noone hoped. All knew him too well. June was looked upon as a doomed créature, aud no one, who had ever known or hoard of Black Ned, thought 'of ber's its any but a tragic ending. "I was compelled to visit a distant station in what was then called tho- ' now country.' On my return the station gossip was full of a new Hioiy. Black Ned lind been drinking, hud treen jealous, and had cruelly beaten his un- fortunate wife. What else indeed (it was said) could be expected. It was the old thing over nenin. Hadn't he, &o.;, &o.; If she didn't get away she was a dead woman, and so on. " I felt inclined to kill the ruffian myself, but thought it prudent to dissemble, lest I might 'loso aiV chance'of assisting 'my.ilkfated play mata." 'So I said little;. and 'determined to se her somehow, i An opportunity .soon offeree Me was sens to fetch some horses. Startin from the home station in another direction, took a circuit, and once more found myself a the Wild Horse WaU-rbole. She was sitting i: an attitude which implied the stupor of dejec tion, and hardly raised her head as I entered She looked wildly at me for one moment, an< then falling on ber knees, cried out ' Oh Jack, dear Jack, take uie away from thi dreadful place. I shall gu. mad if I stay, tba is if he,' and she shuddered,does not kil me first. What a wicked man he is. I an like a woman who has sold herself to the fiend i I am most truly in hell-in hell. What havi I done that I should be so tortured ? ' "I comforted her as well as. 1 could. I tole her that in some way I would get her to the port, and that she might-then go by sea te one of the other colonies, or even to England and that I would pay her passage money my self. ' Oh, let me go home, home to the ole village and die,' she said, like one praying foi life ; ' if I could only see the cottage, and th« meadow, and the mill-stream again, I could di« like a child ia its mother's arms. I coule work, do anything, only live or die there, il matters not which now.' She told me how she had been frightened by his fearful looks anc words during his debauch, how some trifle haé excited hi« causeless jealousy, and how. after i savage accusation, he had cruelly beaten hei with bis stockwhip, that she had thought ol drowning herself, and might, if no ; help came from God or man. "I co hld no longer resist her entreaties, ll might be not wholly justifiable to aid in hei flight from her lawful custodian, -but 1 wat yoong and ruBh, and could'not stand by and see.her die without striking in.. I arranged that she , should leave the hut on a certain evening, and meet a trusted ally of mine,,woe would ride with her to the nearest point, many miles distant, at, which the niail-cart1-nt coaches then-could be met. When she reached the port arrangements,- would be made for hei safe "keeping and voyage. She thanked me \- with herbad eyes in speechless gratitude. ;? ' "I made my preparations carefully. I waa riot without 'dread bf the' ' spies which exist in 'all communities, . and- Black Ned had ,his ?familiars. I was confirmed in this by his sud- denly drawing up to me as we were all muster- ing',* cattle one 'day. 'Look here,' he said, ' I've heard that you've been at my place more than once, when 1' ve been away. I don't want to say much,-but if I ever find you. and her talk- ing, or writing, or colloguing; together, I'll kn«Dck herbrains out, and your's too, as sure os 'inj name's Ned 'Mórsley. ; She' won't be the .'first woman that I?vo,put away, if you believe tho yarns about here.' ? Here tho ruffian sneered, ns if might choose whether to credit him or otherwise. ,, " I was taken by surprise, and 1 lost my tem- per wholly.. 'How dare .you talk about your .wifo in that way,'. I said, ':you murdering scoundrel, that the gallows ought to have hud long ago. ' I know how you've illtreàted her,: and by the Lord God if! hear that you ever illuse her again,. I'll flog you from here to the next court house and back, if they don't keep your there. Come off your horse, and striko a1 man, you cowardly black-shooting, woman-, beating dog.'. , ,. '."::'? " .' He turned paler as I spoke. His eyes burned with a baleful glare, and he made as though to rush at me; os'several of the station hands rode'up. I was strong as a bull thou always m training-and he, .though a known bruiser, was none -the -better, like me now, for-.- twenty, years' - of . hard lifo, . and: hard--" here the overseer drained his glass,' with a half-sigh., '',''.', . ' . .. ' \ 