mT-W "A .'u \- lat>Y;deot. " - Lynton Craig had bcea for many lo/iVgene. rations th«i family residence o; -KQ Eins of Dene/ No on? could aiy' fr„(in it tobk its . name—no cr.rg or rof/ wee niar it. It stood in the miusB ox: groen, uu<uuatia(i park, wh>re- t ill H-ao "bowod tluir stately heails t-o til ? brOfii-, V-.d tlso doer rejoiced in the dewy glades. People' oamo from far and near to boo Lynton Craig. It was tbo show-place of tho country. T no picture gaUory.waa oae of tho- best iu EdUiiu. Getns of the old master's wcro there: ilubons and (.uido, Salvator P.ota, Cl.oredeLorraiao, Raphael aud Murillo, wero :J1 represented. Nor wove modern artists overlooked — some of llisir choicest productions hung upon the walls. Not tho least interesting was the collection of family portraits ; tho bounio Earls of Done — a hand- somo, fair-haired race — wero all there, .with their wives ; ladies, lair of face, and of nobio lineage. Many a story might "have boon told of tho be mtiful ladiC3 of Dene. Somo years ngo I wont with a party of friends to visit Lynton Craig. The house keeper, who reigned supreme, wai dis'antly rotated to one of our party. The ball was empty ; hon-i of tho family resided there. Tho present Earl of .Dene had two other estates, and ho proferrcd both to byutoil Craig Ho rarely came tbero, and his wife, tho youog and heautitul Countess of Done, did. not liko tlio placo. Some said it was haunted. Near the house was a grove of magnificent liuie trees, their green branches, mot and cutwined, so as to form a porfoot atch, through which tho sun could barely peuotrato ; nnd the goldon light, liltcred as it «vcre, through tho gre.n leaves, wns'inexpressibiy soft aud beautiful. The leaves of tho graceful, shivering limes seemed to tromblo at every whisper of tho breeze ; wild llowors clustered at their fees, and tho ground was carpeted with thiol:, groen grass. Tho grove was called tho Lady's Walk, and tho legend of tho house told how a beautiful lady still wandered fUore, weep ing, and wringing her bauds -for tho wicked deed she had done. At night her voice was hoard, weeping and moaning amidst the tail lime trees ; aud they were few who oared to pass by thero alter duel:. Tho room called my Lady a Chamber - whs said; to be haunted. It had been olosod for many ycara ; no one over cared, to open, or enter it, for thmo Lidy Biunca Dcno had died, aud Blraugo stories were told of her. Tho magnificent furniture, the few raro pic tures, tho stately bod, with its costiy velvet hangings, were still thero untouched Bioco rshe -died. Nervous and foolish servants had told wuuderful.storios of. queer noises heard, and strange things .seen, iu My Lady's Chamber. , ' , Every old houso has its ghost story, and Lynton Craig was not found to bo without one. Chaperoned and guided- by tho house keeper — an elderly lady of tho old rchoul — wo viBitod tho principal rooms of the hall. Thoy wero very boautiful ; tho works of art scattered amongst them wero rare and coaH/- The picture gulitsrv delightod-us and, when wo had gla-uloped eyes by tho view, of somo tifi'iri VA«t pictures, wo camo to that seoi 'ca of the gallnry devoted toiamily por- Tra'itd. . The fair-haired Ea'.'ls of JJono were liravo' no men— tho stamp of true' nobility was oil >;?!» «» caino at; .last to a picture, boforn.ybieb I ctood. fasci nated and spellbound. It wf?3 the. portra.t of a magnificently beautiful woman,, wiph tho mo3ti peerless f.?.e«i I over baholil— :n 'glorlfij;-. southern face, with almond eye3 aud waves of jetb'.aok. It seemed to mo like a living faos. , I could almost sco the light glowing; in those wondrous eyes. There .was some thing— I could nut toll what, : a thadow in their dark depths as of a. secret 'untold-; there was something— there .was -ssmhthing liko moo'tery in the smile that: pa'toi the r"exquiRito lips, T felt it was tho .faC2:of :a beautiful, but not a good, woman.. . There, was \- a resolute, triumphant look ahotit it. It was the face oE a woman who would: never nllow ' any obstacle to como between her Will 'and its 'accomplishment— who would Buflor 'all; —lJeir' all— ah l and Uaro'oll," l)'uthovof yiekh It waB a face, too, that , told of some secret— I read it in the oyes and lips. | I was started from my reverie by a voice near mo. : Our party -consisted, of -Mr.- and Mrs. Carton — tlio-' friends with, whom I was .visiting— MUb Boston and myself. It' was Miss Beeto'n who,, smiling at iny abstractibu, . touched my arm, " What are ynu doing. Nellie?' she aBked. ' Whose portrait is, that?" . .. \- ;Sh'e had no sooner glanced at it than her _ eyes. became riveted, .as.mine liad boon., . ""What a strange face 1" Ehs'said. " How beautiful it is,' yot l'have novoricccn one I: liked less." .. .. , , : Tarning to her nncioiit relaiivo'; the house, '-keeper; sho siid - ij ' ; , Mrs. Grey, can you' tell 'me whoso por- II t IA O3! ' ' I A shadow fell on the. old servant's face, and I saw that bIio did not oaro to answer " ..the question ; bat when.Miss, Bueton roppated Jt, Bberoplied-: "That is tho Lady Bianca Dene, who diod ..'here at Lynton. Craig, ' nearly twenty 'years agol'? ' -. ; Was she an Entlish lady,?'' I inquired, looking still at the dark, gleaming faoe: I , .":No," replied Mrs. Grey ; skb wMaii \- - Italian. The Earl of Dene who lived kerc then went abroad wheu ho was qnito- yonnf!. He was only twonty-throe whi h ho'retnrn'ed to'tho hall, bringing with hiss a mnnt bead- -tiful and stately foreign lady — his wife. She was some years oldor than' Lord Dene"-; — ) " Lady Bianca !" interrnptod Mrr. Carlton, Why surely it is her spirit that is still said to hannt Lynton Craig.":'' J'- ; " Peoplo have 'said bo,", was the house ink'oepora's quiet comment. : i .rwn.y/.. i j Sho turned as though leaving the gallnry,; hut Miss Benton entreated' hor, to remain, i- "Tell us the legend, , Mrs. - Grey," she ..said.. i: Seeing that sho was' still reluotant . wis added onr ontrea'ies. : . ., r ' | « . " I hardly, like to tell tho talc"' said the hdusekepp'or, ,'."T:do not think:my'I)prd; r-. likes "any allusion to it; but as' ydji,''vshe. continued, turning, to Miss Botou— b-as' yoii , "firb one' of the 'family, there can be' no harm- in uiy telling it to yon." S i i , i i She sat upon ono , of the -crimson -.velvet lounges, and. we wore grouped around her. I stood where I ciinld see tho.dark. gleaming . . eyes, and the beautiful southern face,. ., i | . " I heard the story," began Mrs. Grey, 'from my old Aunt Martha; full 'thirty.' , years ago. She was housekeeper licre iwhop it'- happened, so that ' I: can vouoh for its ' troth.' . ' . ' ; > . When Roland, tho tenth Earl.of , Dene, name to his ostato, he had only just -reaehe'd; his twenty-first year,.; -His parents hadibeen doad for some years, .and he jgratified a wish' that ho had long' ehtortainod ; that'of going' abroad, and seeing something of 'continental ,life.,. Hp'went almost'alqno,'ony takihgwlth ' him , his' valet, Martini '. a ;maii7ab'o'ut forty' -years of ago, who; had '-attended iipon the' yonng Earl from' his" childhood.-'; There' were 'those 'wlio said Lord .. Dene was too young, and too inoxpsrioncod to travel alonb," nnd that he'shonld have taken. somo - sedate , " companion with him ' Ho waa. ahaout 'thrco years ; and, 'at tho end of that, time my .aunt recoived a letter, saying that he should return 'nt such a date, and, priefly,annpunriing tho ,faqt of liis marriage, ', ordorod ihnteyeiyi' thing should be prepared for Dady Defie.v. ; „ ' "No words could expross -the 'surpriso'foU by all tho household. At the samn; timemy aunt had a'; letter from Martin. ' -He did not . say muoh about his master's marriage; stilting simply that tho wedding had taken plaqo'at Kloronoe, -and that tlio 'Lady Bianca 'ileno was one of f he most beautiful ?v6mon lie'cVer" beheld. Ho said nothiug of . her . family ; there wore many of tho servants.. wlio won-' dered at that, thinking nothing under, , princess good enough for. thoir young lord; "'.:: " It. was at the close of a bright, May day tho Borland his lady ctmo Homo ; just.when Lynten C(aig,is mqaf fceiutifal, tbo tender, - green leave?: of the tall trees mingling witn the bloom of the "chesuiit antt'tho "svhlte blossoms of "the hawthorn— ju?t wl au ths spring flowets bio' budding, and the perfume of the holE-blown roses fi'-a the -air. " Tho servants wero. all drawn up in grand array to veceivo Lord and Lidy Done, lie -had a kind word and a smile for each ; but there was not one amongst them who was not startled by tho face of Lady Done. My ,aunt said it was a beautiful, gleaming face, Iwith 'awondorful light in tho dark eyes, nml 'wonderful smilo on tho rich red lips ; but it (was not tho. face of a good woman ; and, lnvoly as she w'as, those who oared mo3t for: 'the young Bar), wished lio. had chosen bis wifs from amongst the ladies of his own ,land. " Lady Deno. brought with hor an Italian waiting-maid, a Bhruwd, vigilant womau, ,vlio was a mj stohy to tho weil-'traincd ser vants of Lynton Craig. Thero wcro times when, taken: off.her.guard,, sho appeared to bo on terms .of perfect equality with her mistross. 8omo tie, stronger than Iho com- men one of tho . server aud sorvod, bound thorn together. " My lady was kiud, in hor haughty, care- loss way.' The aorvants, ono and all, oboy.cd her promplly and implicitly j there . w;as something in tho light of those dark eyes that enforoed instant obedience. Tho only, person who over eppko -against iho Countess was a man named John Moore, tlio hall porter; and he scorned to havo taken a violent fiisliko against his mistross. . " All tho nobility and gentry of tho neigh borhood called upon her. Slic: soon became very popular, nnd there wae nothing Lady Deuo likod half so well as gaioty and admira tion. " Sho- liked splendor and magnificence toe. No lady in tho country wore such dresses or such jowols, an.i woll.tbey bo came her beauty. The Earl never seimcd tired of admiring his wife. lie; lavished coslty prosonts upon her ; lie delightou.;in the homage paid to bor. No one could say if Lidy Dene' loved her husband. - Hcv-faeo never softened when ha spoke to her : sho had none/of. those loving, gentl-r tray" that speak ,so oloqucntly of a wife's aflootions. Sho'.loved his- wealth aud grandeur ; she liked . to.; .bo i Lady -Dene, . of Lynton. -Craig ; but it was. impassible to say if she loved 'him. """ ij-:' ii. 'iThreo years passed by, ;and,7thoy rincncd as thev wont the wouderfnl boauty of Lady Deno. No children came to uiakb the Earl's heart glad ; hut he loved bis >Vfe' none the less. , Ho never s-.emod to weary of watching her; and trying to mako her hippy. Day by day niy lady grew more and more absorbed in a round of gaieties. . Balls, par ties, pic nics, charades, private theatricals— nothiug okino amis i'to her ; and :tiio bhiCwas always crowded with visitors, ,Lady .Dene being acknowledged tho quouri of overy felt, ' One day it chanced that my aunt: was -summoned: to my lady'e room. Somo new and - important visitors wore coming, and groat preparations were to be tnado for them. Iam not sore, "but I heliove tho guest "ex pected was one of lloyal bleed.'''' 11 Tho magnificent drSesos Lady Deno had ordered for Hit) heoaeinn worn spread cut on the grand„atate;bod ;,the toilotte-tqhlq.was ooVo'rcd with cases.of rare and costly jowols. To tho midst of alb tbia aplendor sat the lady herself. , . . . , . .. " While slio"whs talking to my aunt,' her maid; 'Rosino; enterel the room. Her faco \- was. wild;- and; almost livid. ..Sho hold a letter in her hand, which sho: gavo to Lsdy Dene, saying something as Bhc did so ih her qniok Italian tongue. \- ." Lady Dene opened the . letter.. As she read.ita deadly pallor oveisproad her face, and a wild- horror camo into hor eyes. The J-tter oil from her trembling hands, and Rosina' olutolistl at it eagerly," looked it through, then tore it into a thousand piee.es.- "Lady Dene' cnuld not- rooover herself ; hor face, , eo deadly white, .quiverod with emotion. My aunt qoubl not understand so ;;tr;\n"n a rcque, - -,i : /. ' . . , " My iady is hot well, " said. Rosina, at last. " Will yqu go, ,Mre; Grey;' and inquire from the hall porter who brought that letter ? My lady expects, a jeweller- from town, and thinks it may have hosn him." _ " Thoy: conversed together, in Italian for somo few minutes eagerly and rapidly, then Rosina oontiued, 'in her, brokon .English : — ' " Never mind— —it- is of no maU-or — My lady is snro it was the jeweller who called.". " Lady Dene mado a sign for my aiirit to quit tho room., .Sho.'did .sq;(fcofing suro that tho letter whi'oh 'had', paUBed suoh deep emotion to, lier mistress, related to somothing more important than jewels; ' _ _ "So deep an impresrion had the soepe ' mado .upon : hor that' she ;wqnt , to, Mr.. J ohn Moore and, inquired- from -him what kind of man it waH'who bad ieft: the. letter, "He deseribed a dark, ' foreign . gentle- mati, wholh'ad- black' be a'd and mqustaobc, and a wild,1 sad -faco, -with tho straDgosfc look in it he had ever seen. .. - " AH that day Lady Done remained shut ufl iu her.roqm k she ' took ; no,, share in tho brilliant, gaioty,- -goiog on in, the hall. The Earl was inoonsolablo. ; because his lady was .'ill; and.'lhhse-'who saw her white- face did not doubt that; she; was ill as she said. \ .. " Threo daya passed, liud 'Lady Pene Btill 1 kept Kor? room— the vdreidfiil pallor still shadodbef face:1';', Onoeyoning'- she was ! .bettor,- and loft her. room, ti> sit in the boudoir the yonng MEari had arranged ,for her. j That' \- evening -the-same -gentleman who had deli- 1 vcrddl the;- letter called again,' and.- muqh" to the surprise o£ Jqhn'the por, tor, my lady ssnt orders that- he was to. ho. admitted. - , \- : .'I Jt so. happened' tbatiLord Dene, accom panied by most of his visitors, had gono thnt night td"a,.hall given at.Breiqlwopd Castle. He badebee'n limost , ujiwilling to leave his \- wifo, but' she declared she i waa bettor, and was, sq'. anxious . about';'his78oing, that, tjo -ayoidqannoying pr , irritating her, he .con sented, muoh against his will. i ' 7 j" Later. In'.tbe evening t|ie, foreign gentle- .mapoallod , again, arid,, by my lady's orders, was admiltod. Rosina -met him attUolial!-' door, -nnd oonducted. him .to tho room, whore her mistrqas sat. . It sohappcncd that none of tho h oh sehriid's a w byob a 6 r vo tl him. "'TlTdt'tho" gflntlemah'' nnt? said -Rosina, .wit(I/n",yq7®,?ihhl0 ;fmiIo -.tb/ho porter,. f.Ton need-not waiti'i ' "... ",7 ? "«i'M Bn t'the'-man'scUriOsitywaB aroused— ho. .Bh'edtqBSo tliijktrong'B lboklngman again ; 'besidiwj he.yFonld.hnve 'done ir snfferod .any- thingto oppose snd thwart Rosina. '-"'"-.Ali riglit';' ho vepliod-'carelessly; Then 71 will go tomy supper. 77 " Ho h'6£od! th'o look 7>f relief ' that spread byer.'the'dark'fqco of,' the' waiting-maid;' ' i '.HI Lam .not so easily duped, ' ho eaid.to Kime'eH.'1 -:l You and . your "mistress, too, porhapa, want ,me. out of the road . ;.hut I .shall. stay and. watch. I.yhouhl likq.to see more of myJadyVyisitor.' " That night — it was long after midnight — tlio Italian -maid went through the hall, and saw.tbe., porter, there. ; - : "7What arejyou' sitting up,.for ? ' .she asked. _ -. ..!«: ,.»i " ' I ani tvaiting'to let Laly'Dano'd visitor out,'- be,rppUs4- - ...7, 7 . 7- v. " A/He is gqnB,' she siiuf. -II lot lii-h-out' mySelf,' while you were at supper.' ' i " I hav"iint been 'trtmv supper ye'.' ho :auswbrq'd. i -'.Tt is waiting for moinoavi , "For ono moment ho saw her quail, . as though' ,rsh'e 'lh'ad;- received » "very: sudden blow;' J I;.fit'"Mni out;' she said again. 'I can- ; hot say"' libra you- woro. V' " y " ' I bavo ncver', loft the .hall since lie oame,' persisted tlio man. ... " ' He: wont through the shrubbtry;' she . said, by the weste: n door. ' That ' could' not lie,' pcrjistel (ho porter, ' for I have the key.' " What really passod that -night can nov/r be known n?w. John Moore ihonglit - the mattcr;was -.so ; mystei-pns that, .when ..the Earl came- homo.- -ho told him of .it But when. . be named it to, bis wife she langlied ; nnd Ro'sina dceia'redj oontempluously, that, the. porter - had. drank too. much, . and was asleep the greater ,part of i-he c von ing. How- ever it was. no one had seen tho pontleman who , entered- that;:. night leave tho house again,.' : -: . \- "But" from ' that day.. a . dreadful ohangi came ovor lidy Deue. Her waiting-maid teemed; to . assume.-, a oomplete ascendancy ovo' her, while sho - grew palo and nervous, losing her spirits and her beauty— losing htr lovo of gaiecy, and wearing a_ continual air of nervous npprohension aiid'fright. Sho no ' longer cored for dress or jewels. Her life leimed ebbing slowly away, wliilo to her 'maid "she was meqli an 1' submissive as a child. . i . . -. , , j i " Sho fell ill at Inst r-f a low fever ; and- then her wandering .words wero straw- e to hoar. Her sttry y.-as gathorcd ironi th nr .. She had been married tbrco.years bifeio she-' mot Lord Deno,. aud left her husband a f- w months . aftor their marriage. Sho rep-e- scntod herself to tbo .young English nobie- ; man as th-i unmarried descoudaut of a No». jpolitan family. He, never dnubt-Dg ber Iword, married her. nnd brought her homo 'with him. This much was gathered from i her ..own, words. She cried .cut st times that sho was traced, aud'fouud out, but that' she- would not leave -her magnificence to return to poverty. Then'oame darker words, which no ouo could-understaud, " Ono day. when my aunt, with Rosina, was watching by her, sho cried out : " 'Look in tho lako; near the Lady's Walk. You will find him there.' " My aunt,, palo and terrified, was turn ing away, whcn:Rosiaa olutched iior. ' "'Do yoa,,valuo your moatei's honor — his good name ?' sho gasped. -'If so, bo silont, at least till my la ly is dead.' '' Terrified .-and alarmed, my aunt never repented tho words.whilo Lady Deno lived. It was not long-;- she, lie vor recovered from the fatal fever. On the night she died, a thundorst- rm, such as had never been known beforo, tli-jok tho. walls ...of Lynton Craig. What astonished every ono still more was that Rosiua disappeared that same night, and was never seen near tho hall again. She had gono. towards London ; but all trace of her in'lhe.groatoity was.lost. "When Lady Dcno was buriad, my aunt told the Earl of her mysterious words, and of . the .straugo rumors : respecting the man who , had been seen , to. enter' tho: hall,: but never to leave it;agaio, - - ;i- : '.' In the dead, calm silence of tho night, Lord Done,' and ihis trusty servant, John Moore, dragged .the lake. , t'hty found there the body of the ill-fated- gentleman who had left;, thof letter for Lady Dene. 'They wero; .ouugcu io maso ino uiscovcry Known, is was generally supposed that the.uufortunato ' straugcr.had fallen: into, the wator acoiden- tally ,; but Lord Dene ; had. rc-mou to know that, the victim was. tho first husband of his guilty wife.: i He had reason to 'belie vo that, pouted in,. the pretty, boudoir, th? stranger had drunk plentifully of.: drugged wine ; and then the. two women between them had car- ried'him in the darkness. and sileuos of night to tbe lakp. - : \- " Lord Dene wout &way; from Lyndon .Craig, and nevfit returned .to it again. Years aJterW&rds; he martied a; fuir.ad gentle Hnglish lady. From that-time people declared the hall' to be haunted. . I cannot say -if it ,bq so. I shou d . not. -like .to. ,eit alone, in .tho. room Where tbo stranger drank of the deadly wiqo cup, or yet-, after, nightfall, to rass - by the lake or. the Lady's.Walk,:' Still, it may be all nonsense, you know.,, '; _ As she -finished; hor.'. story, .I.looked ouco more at the gltaming. 'heautilul faoef and'tho cruel, smilii.g lips. I could believe all I hid heard when I looked at that portrait. '. 7 . X was.-th'ankful to bo, onoo, more in 'the fresh,- free air. . All the beauty of the place was goup'foY'mo— the shadowof crime hung oyer, it," It was. long bofofe I could foi-aot the, story of-LadyDono, C. M. B. : , 7" Kilmore Fcqe. Prcs?." 