Ort (From e Australasian?J 'To' votive garments of so many Who have ibeedi shipwreoked on' this rook warn the philosopher that failures merit derision 'ratler'thai pity when they are the results of conceit. ' Theologians and meotaphysioians 'etaiggle 'desperately with the surging bil laowe, 'and the 'contemplative student is amused, interested, and bewildered when he seds Toplady clinging convulsively to Priest lay, and Hezlitt, as well as Rohbert Hall, praising, with emulative sympathy, the vigorous agonies of Jonathan Edwards. Be the philosopher content to admire the feats he declines to imitate, while he eoronely studies known laws in their sequence. The will, or the faculty of volition, exists in man as a power; therefore it exacts 'culture and discipline, oven as do the intel. .lect, the imagination, the judgment, and the affections. It is a vital force, powerful for good or for evil, according to its training, its guidance, and direction. It is a necessary force that cannot with impunity be suffered to rust. It is a link in the chain of cause and effect that binds our being, and whether it! prove to be the first or tenth in the sequence is (at this stage of inquiry) prao tically immaterial. v .The lalarmed reader may now draw his breath, and I trust he will restore me to his good will. For my metaphysics are closed, omy whole stook of abstract knowledge com. Saoted and condensed, and my purely spoon.u lative theories have long since boon buried, I trust for over. Fuseli, in one of his graphic, vivid, and comprehonsive precepts, bide his pupils to f"mistako not an itching finger for an authentio will." "Organisation" (continuos this masterly amsthatio) " is the mother of talent; practice, its nurse; the. eonss, its dominion. But hearts alone, oan penetrato bsxtuh'' An "authentio" will Tho.word itself, with its Greek etymology, guides me to the clue. " Authentic" is when the mind, not ing on itself, discerns its own deep-seated forces, and their poorer field of action according to nature's external laws. The "itching finger" is an outward, objective accident, easily remediod, and then as easily and quickly forgotten. 2Tho other is an inner and irrepressible fount that we can use, guide, and distribute, but never sub due. The strong will not only gives to nature, and to her trains of canuation, all fair play and respect, but, by patient re moval of every impediment foreseen, leaves to chance but little or nothing. By great circlo sailing the will makes for the haven for which it is bound. So Wellington surveyed the battle-field in silence and solicitude over night. So Cook, Washington, Collingwood, and Nelson weore wont to attend personally to minute (or, if you will, to trivial) details that seemed to concern the health of their men. The authentioc will subordinates potty personal wants and egotistio cares to the grand one over present to the mind. This is will-and this, when sound and authentio, is generally victorious. "When opposed," said Welling ton, "to Massona, steep, as well as table, was out of the question. Soult but marred my dinner. Marmont allowed me to eat, drink, and sloop." Some of the confusion in the various pooeculative treatises and discuesions may, perhaps, have arisen from comparisons between nature at a disadvantage and nature with fair play. Confined in a room with foul odours and mophitio gases, what can I do but rush to the window ? Baked and parched with thirst, can I resist the golid fountain? lWhat conatus or effort of will can sustain good-humour during the pangs of the toothache, or the torture of tight boots Idle were it to ask whether that will be free which is confessedly weak, because in effect overborne. Now the strong will foresees all this and more-bids and enables urs to avoid this or that indulgonce known by experience to mar the temper or to cloud the brain-bids eus to forego the dance, the concert, or the feast, because the morn that follows it must find is strong and cool; and even to curb our fastidious -laeutour, if the vulgarian we loathe can be made subservient to our purpose. He who prizes sobriety as it merits will never be Irunlr, for hlie will forego pleasant sooiety eooner than risk a combat with temptation. iHe who dreads poverty as it should be dreaded will never be poor, for little us lihn may have he will spend less. And he who dreads crime dreads poverty, the parent of crime. Poverty takes nature at a disadvan tage. What is sentiment, what is even the decalogno to a starving man who sees a loaf left carelessly in his way, or to the drunkard in the morning, who is in Iell till the cool ing draught be either begged, borrowed, or stolen ? Exceptional cases may be on record of a well-trained will having conquered in such, or in similar cases; but I say that man was never made for such unequal corn bats, and he is assuredly a fool who wantonly courts them, or who does not use proper foresight to be armed agrrinst their attack. In such foresight lies the strong authentic will. More wilfulness or waywardness is the lawful object of derision. What more comical than Balmawhapple, in Scott's Wavorley, firing one of his horse- pistols against Stirling Castle, or the immortal Mrs. Partington swooping back with her broom the surging waves (drat them!) of the on croaching sea? Byron never thought of trying to swim direct across the liolloepont;. he knoew it was simply impossible. He therefore chose a starting-point higher up, and reached Abydos by the diagonal, being borne towards it by the resultant force com posed of his own strong swimming and that of the down-flowing descending tide. This was true will. Mark a country house in winter, full of young girls, whose wills are bent on the race ball, archery meeting, or private theatricals, or such like. Papa may be gruff, and frowningly despotic in the etorn noes of his prohibition; mamma timid and doubtful, " for you know, dears, that you have nothing to wear, and then those horrid roads," &c.; Their purses are exiguous. Chawloes is very selfish, and Jack, nasty thing I eodisobligiug. Add to this, it rains bull-dogs; add, my worthy friend, whatever you please; but go they will,. I back Mabel, Kate, and Carrie against fate, weather, and impossibility. What diplo macy, what furtive industry, what wheedling tact is working in thoe seoret deep? The poultry-yard, the marketings, the presents, the services, the bargains, the bribes; a prime minister might take a lesson. What magical transpositions and permutations of skirts and tarlatans are the fruits of mighty toil and busy fingeras l At length overy objection has met his match. " Mr. A,'s cart is borrowed. Tom will drive us. We droess at Mrs. Ql's. She is charmed with the pigeons which you know, papa dear, you wished us to get rid of., Then Ohawles must go there to look at some shorthorns," &o.; (Da capo.) In short, papa is checkmated, mamma overruled. The brothers nrc dip. lomatiseod and vanquished through their respective weak sides, and fresh, cool, and triumphant in blooming innocence, off go the happy girls, well ehawled and cushioned, indifferont to the jolting,, and laughing at the snags. This is will; and thle, as well as the private theatricals, has oftbn excited our silent wonder and open plaudits. Whence but from the combined wills of olover girls could come the oxtomporised wardrobe and properties of those dramas and farces we have so often enjoyed so much more than regular acoting. My friend Charley, half the strength of will shown then by thy young sister Kate would increase thy salary, raising thoo a stop. The charactor of Hamlet sooms to me that of oilo who has cultivated his intolloot, and stored his memory. But his will has boon suffered to rest. Suddenly onallod on to not, he. is' surprised at his impotence. Ho re proaches himsolf, tho'player, the Norway captain-overy one seeoms to shame him. \Vhore intolloot and fooling are required, hoe is great without effort, Whero judgment and taste are called for, he is both ounud and reofnod. Ho can plan, he can road thoughts, he can baffle the aggressions of importinent ouriosity. .But he has not culti voted his will pareipassc with his intellect. Whether he had boon early overorowod by lifs uncle (a man of' talent, oloquenoe, and addross)--whother he had boon spoiled by the anticipation of very wishli-- whatever the oause, Hamlet is an instanoo of the im portance of willnoulture as a constituent of man. lio will assume madnaess that he may retire into himself and observe others, him self unobserved. Had he possessed an "authentic will" lie had never formed so crude and shallow a resolution. His plans would have been more ample, more con nected and consecutive. He would have used that popularity which his uncle ob served with dismaiy and jealousy to dethrone Claudius before killing him. His will would have foreseen and have anticipated every difficulty. His very appeal to the court of roeason (toesting the ghost by the play) is a kind of moral cowardice; he ought to have needed no corroboration of that which so completely harmonised with his own pro vious and recurring instincts. Hamlet lacked the authentic will, and sought in in tellect for that which it can never give. "Mfy thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth." Ho could have steadily put into action a train of antecedents and consequents that would have consigned Claudius to a dungeon, and thence to the bloolr. No noeed to sully his own hands. Did Mary Stuart fire the train in Kirk o' Field ? No ! Did she ever plan, direct, or aid the process ? No. What then ? She looked at the brutal mad hull, Bothwell, as only she could look ; she told him with theo'yo what the eye tells hotter than the tongue, she took 6aro that Bothwell should know the wretched de graded state of the miserable Darnley. She "know nothing"--not she. She know the hbrute she ogled to be in that mad state when fifty murders are as nothing. Yet she per severed till her poor husband was released, and perhaps the murder was humano. Of the do1ath she willed Bothwell was the instrument, and her will the primary cause. A shrewd Scottish lassie was once taken to task by her minister that she neglected to use her influence over her "Joe " to cure him of his habit of swearing. "Weol, moonistor," said the plucky wonoh, "I'll no say that swoarin' is pairfookly scriptural, but ye maun adomit that it gives, at times, an unoo brow garnish to mair solid conversa tion." But, my friend, there is no solid nourishment in it. These imprecations, denunciations, and references to warm olimates, sulphur-toeming, are, in reality, proofs of a weak will. Mlioeawbr gave Treddles his I.O.U., then sat down content, fooling lie had paid him. So the swearer delivers over to Satan his refractory or troublesome customer, and then (after the necessary nobbler) fools he has done his ut most duty. Both are proofs of the weakness they confess. Give me theoman who, in the moment of disappointment, can command his faoial muscles as well as his tongue, and, doggedly cool, sit down to his desk or his shop, to remedy, to retrieve, to rebound. Give me the man who blames only himself for unforeseen betrayals. What thou wort, my fancy made theoe; What thou art, I know-in timo. Let me conclude 'with two instances of strength of will in a good cause, by two of the most uncolonial men I over read or heard of, viz., Arthur, Duke of Wellinigton, and Dr. Samuel Johnson: 1\. The Duke was in Paris after the battle of WVaterloo, closely and anxiously occupied. Madame Recamier united to all the taste, tact, and toilet appliances of Josephine a beauty far beyond even the aspirations of the Oreole, and a symmetry of form before which the sculptors bowed. Beyond dress and beauty shone the tact that diffused ease and-comfort, shone the mind and soull in spiring the sense of refinement and elevatioei. Wollington saw through Madame do Staol, whom lhe thought too prononodo and theatri cal, but the charms of Rooamier subdued the conqueror and softened the statesman. He resolved on ceasing to visit those rdiuniois he so much enjoyed. Man-like, he wrote to her avowiag the truth that his morning hours of businoess must no longer be haunted by visions of grace and beauty- grace the more enchanting from its purity and elegance; beauty the more bewitching, from the mental harmony it breathed forth,' radiated,, and diffupodaround. He had rosolved to go no more. 2\. Behind the soenes of Drury- lane, Kitty Olive, by her sharp sense, amnused surly old Sam Johnson. Her suocess drew around the stage younger houris, and fairer, seeking his notice with emulative smiles' and blandish meonte. " Davy," said he to Garrick, " I'll come no more here. Your white busts and well-turned ankles excite in me that whloh I had long thought to be dormant-my amor ous propensities." Those two examples of true and' gonnipe will I offer with a thorough conviotion that they are not likely to find miany imitators.: But as throughout I hiave thought' more of avoiding, snags and holes than of showing off my skill or speed, I may, perhaps, bhe thought to have' verified the shrewd old words of my motto by the bushman who has 'so often practically experienced their truth. 