PORT ADELAIDE. At a special meeting held on Tuesday, 4th inst., at which che Mayor and all the Councillors were present, three tenders were received for printing and stationery, viz.:—Webb, Vardon, and Pritchard, F. W. Kennedy, and G-.Hains, which were referred to the Finance Committee. Three tenders were received for the constrnetioa of wharf, landing-place, and embankment at the Mineries, as follows :—<J. L. Luehrs.—Con tractor finding all materials—Wharf, £989; landing-place, £258; embankment, £54o; total, £1,793. Corporation providing timber, and contractor finding all other materials—Wharf, £686; landing-place, £164; embankment. £3581 total, £1,209. R. Honey.—Contractor finding all materials—Wharf, £580;. landing-place, £142; embankment, £312: total, £1,034. Corporation providing timber, and contractor finding all other materials—Wharf, £279 10s.; landing place, £67; embankment, £157 10s.; total, £504; Lake & Reynolds.—Contractor finding all ma terials—Wharf, £749; landing- place, £186; em bankment, £409; total, £1,344. Corporation providing timber, and contractor finding all other materials—Wharf, £291; landing-place, £87; embankment, £207; total, £585^ The tender of R. Honey at £1,034 was accepted. Northern Territory Thunder. — The writer of a series of ably-prepared articles on Port Darwin, furnished to a Victorian paper, has contributed the following description of natural phenomena as observed in the Northern Territory:—" This is the region par excellence of thunderstorms. Jove roars his loudest and shoots quivers full of many coloured arrows of lightning. I enjoy the majestic roll, the far echoing deafening peal, and the quick condensed musketrv-like sound of thunder, the pale green, white, red, and blue flash and jagged streak of lightning. The finest of these atmospheric effects are found by Alpine climbers ; round the Victorian coast where travellers by sea have been afforded the treat of continuous lightning for hours playing round the mast head, performing a kind of weird dance with balls of St. Elmo's fire; and I have myself on one rare occasion in Victoria seen the whole inky horizon in every quarter brilliantly lit up by a quivering network of chain lightning. I thought that the beauty of the lightning of that night was unforgetable, but all has been surpassed by the electric exhibitions and the thunders of these northern skies. The magnifi cence of a thunderstorm at night here makes an ineffaceable impression, the sight dwells in memory, and is, if I may say so, framed and care fully stored in a chamber of the brain to be viewed on many a future day. The rain descends in torrents ; Jupiter Pluvias and Neptune are in their angriest mood—apparent by the sea on the beach foaming and deafening us with hisses at the tenable deluge vexing it. The long bright flashes show the hills on the other side of the bay in a strange unearthly blue light, and even through the darkness we can see the phosphore scent whiteness colouring the waves, so many ghosts of tumbling snowy water, seemingly silent as ghosts, for the thunder drowned their noise. It is in a criticism on Hugo's ' By Order of the King' that Swinburne depicts in most euphonious words a night storm at sea, when the infuriated waters shriek and complain to the raging heaven. The language of the poet critic is wanted to do justice to the sights and st.unds of a midnight thunderstorm at Port Darwin." 