v PRESENTATION CONVENT. " Kecoptioa '' of a Ndvica. Abridged from the Launcsiton Eximiner. . I ho ceremony of ' Recoptio/i " or taking tho White Veil, in connection with tho Prcsehta _tion Convent, took place on Wednesday, at the Church of the Apostle.. This being the first ceremony of tho kind nt Lnunceston, a- good deal of interest wn$ token- In tltn nrr>nf nnd n largo congregation assembled on the occasion. Tickets of admission to tho navo were paid for at la each, and to other parts of tho churoh at 6d., tho recoipig to be .Appropriated to tho convent buildiog fund. Tho front seat was reserved for the community of tho convent, and tho relations of the young lady about to tako tho religious habit Shortly beforo the coromooy commenced, tho fnthnr and slater of tho postulant, Mc. Hoylson and Miss Buylann, of Bathurat, New South -Wales, wore escorted to their soats. Tho required arrangements had beon mmle by the sacrfctan for tho con- vcniouco of tho pn.-tulant, tho Superioress, und ' assistant, at the ciiancol. Mr. A. llopnr con- dueled tho choir, Mias Dawling" presiding at tho organ. ' Several processions took place during tho proceedings, which, in addition to the usual prayers nud ceremonies, comprised a sermon by tho Most lt-jv. Bishop Murphy, who also officiated as celebrant. . At ho.lf-past ton the first procession moved from tho sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal atliro took pirt, and these alone excited considerable admiration; there were Misses I£ltCn and CepUy Murphy, (little daughters of his worship tho Mayor of .Lottncpa- ton)." i horess Kennedy, Lhzubeth ,ltopcr, Floronoe and Gertrude Roirinn, and Therein Huduold. Tho Mitsc Florence D )ol«n and K. Roper officiated as neolyte«, and the processional cro.«s wss borne by Miss Ilndfield. "They were followed by the altar boya, and then came the clergy — tho llevs J. LJi-gan (Westbury). M. O'CilIaghnn (Longford), tho Bishop, bearing bis pastoral crozior ; llovs, B. F. Wa!»h (Dclornine), and M. J. Ib'cchinor (Campbell Town), who ofiioin tot) as deacon and sub-deacon ; . with tho Very Rev. Dean Butler and Rev. J Fcohnn. After a brief interval, the "bridal nngols," young ladies beforo namod, appeared, followed by the" novicc-clccl (Miss Mary Bnyl- B"»n), o young lady, wbo-wns suporbly attired in a vrhito silk dress, trimmed with Limerick Iaco, and a handsnnt' while veil, with appro- ' r.riato ornamcutB, tho llcvs. Superioress and Mother Assistant (tistcr and tiieco of Bishop Murphy), with tho nuns nud ooviolafes of the ' couvont, each bearing a wax oandlo. Tho pro cession travorscd tho aisles, passing tho chojr, to tho chnocel, und thou took their position, tho. hhhop and olergy at tho altar, and the iunrico and attendant nuns in front of the rails, tho choir meanwhile singing "'0 Gloriosi Virginum."1 Tho Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and hUving hlossedythe candle, incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to- the postulant, sayipg, " Reccirc, dearly beloved daughter, this oorparal light, an an emblem of tho in- ward light, to dispel all tho. darkness nf ignor ance or error ; that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wisdom, with tho fervor of tbo Holy Ghost, thou mnyest dcscrvo to bo eternally united with Jesus Christ, tho spourn tof tho Churoh, who liveth and reigncth with Gud tho. 'Father, in tho unity of God tho Holy Ghost; world without end." Tho Postulant and Convent community having then taken their scats, tho Bishop entered tho pulpit for k-tbo sermon. ziia jjuiuamp mini lor ins coxi i'saim XV., torso 5 (Douny version) "Tho Lord is' the portion of my. inheritance und .of iny oup: It is thou that wilt rcstoro my inlroritcneo to mo." Aftor the close of tho. sormoo his lordship proceeded with tho coromony.- The II v. Superioress having raised the postulnut from her soat, sho and the mother-assistant con ducted 'her to the rails, whoro' tbo Bishop pro- Jnsod thfe Questions . . .. Mychild, what do you demand?.,. Tho mercy of God, tho holy babit 'of religion, Jho charity of tho Order, and tho society of tho mother land'Bistora.- ; Is it with your free will nnd consent you dotnand Lho habit of roligion? : Yei/tof lord. - ' The Bishop (to tho Rev. Superioress) : Rev. Motherj' have you inquired iuto the other pjints neco.wiry lo bo known for those who enter into religion, aud are you fully satisfied ? -Yon, my lord Tho Bishop : My doar child, havo you.a firm intention to porsororo in roligion to tho end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jc9U3 Christ, for . tho lovo and fear of God nlouc ? . . The Nofloc : Rulying on tho mercy of God, and on tbo prayors of the mothers aud sisters, I hrtpo to bo ablo to'do so. TlioB.shop: What God has commenced in you may ho hiuneif perfect. May tho Lord banish from you the old man with bis works. The postuluut having responded to these ' prayers retired, passing along tho aisles, ac companied by tho rov. Superioress and tho Mother A&rsiaut; and other. aud uf;owards to tho phico appointed to chango her . secular .... »..» MtilMkj Hit? UIIUII linking ' III cxitu Lroel ibTypto, and tlio < L.udnlo puoro.' During this timu tho celebrant 'and other olergy remained seutoil Tho liisliop then biassed arid sprinkled the outer dress of tho postulant, - which had beon previously placed by tho sacristan, wlm took them to tho postulant. - Ilia lordahip alto blossod and sprinkled tlio veil. Ou tho roturn of tlio iKivjee-eleot wearing bcr religious habit, the choir sang tho Qico est. lata'—" Who is sho that comoth np from tho desort, flowing with dolights, leaning upon her beloved t Thou nrt all fiir, my bolovcd. mileh and 'beautiful. dome my spouse, from l.ibao Ss j como from Lihanus ; come, thou sholt bo crowned." The postulant, after tho customary prayers, was prosonlbd by tho rev. Superioress with the cincture (nr girdle) and reinoining part of the dresS, tho celebrant sayine, " When thou wast . youiyob, thou did'st gird thyself and did'at wHJk_«here thou would'st ; but when thou shall ho bid, anothor stiall gird theo. In" the mm j of tho Fatlier, &i; " The Bishop aftor- warda ennforrod tho name in religion of tho novloe, Sistor Mary Agnes, when tho choir olianted .'Kegnum ntundi"; nod tho novico having beoii raisoil. by the Mother As-istant i;ntir'e3 a- few pneos f.om tho rails and sung Kriogvio oor meum, vcrhum bonum; dico . og<i opera," men regi ' ; the choir responding \- ' Q i-iu vidi rjuem amavi, in quern credidi, quara dilcri,' &e.; :.T?ie Bishop intonod ' Voni Creator Spiritns,' . ni I after further prayers sprinkled the novico with holy water, nndtlic eerctnony of embrac- ' ing (ho suvice followed, commencing with (be Rev. Mother, and including the rest of the nnns ono after another; tho ohoir chanting ' Kccc quam llonum,' followed by the Dcua Misorcntur,'. and other psalms. Tho Upiscopal bencdicti n was then pronounced, the con cluding procession was formed, and the core- mony terminated. t A ' dejeuner ' was provided at tho enqyont for tho Bishop and clergy, nnd refreshments wore also provided for the choir, &o.; Tito sum of jC19 10s. was taken at tho doors. 