FROM "HANSON TO 'CLARE. -, [From a Correap dndent. 1 i Thfe train gives its warning whistle and starts on its way to' the Bnrra. Thecoachdriver, vyitiL half, a dozen. newspapers in his hand (for several1 of the .Olabt^ tradesmen get their daily papers via Hanson), mbunts Iris boiE, and we' start.' We-cross the-railway line,-Whirl-past Hudson's general" store, past the eating-hottse and fruitshop, pastthe Bank, the saddler's; the bootmaker's, and- pull -np at the hotel.fiot.the passengersto take their parting nip,. I ^eibg.a Yankee Billite, sit still and look around ine.,' The first thing that takes-my; attention, is the" quantity of wool on the station. - It.covers the whole of the platform, anithe shed is full.. . I suppose- there are from- 703 to^ 900, bales .alto gether in the y ard, vi A dumping maohine is standing idle at the end of the platform^ the Company being unable to get men to work it; - Then, toy eye oatches -the new platfflttif, , whibh - is now-,--nearly.- -finished. May the crops pfoVe that: it has not-been put up in vain. Further down • I notice a lot of. ereot poles. This is the skeleton of Mr. Caye's wheat - shed that will be. - : That-and the new; Catholic schoolroom, which isb eing built close by; will be'a considerable ornament. to'Weather ston. "There are .two houses in that -great, suburban village. Gn towards Mintaro .1 nor tfced- several broad green patches, andLbegun to dream of "Araby's green sunny highlands,"" when the passengers, come ..out and bustle, into their places again. On we dash down the dusty road. • We pass .several allotments with wheat' growing In them, leoklng for the..most part vary.well, and beyond theffl We pass a splendid crop just coming-out in ear j theri another "looking ronly .middling. It has ^appa rently been sown .very late. ..- Then we leave the green '.fiields,.: .and;-cross Gum-preek'; Run, Nothings here to please poet or "painter's eye. Nothing: bat" gooddfeed-and greembrowii..tus socks, On -the top of the range vegetate three or four .iaiserable-.honeysnckles.-., AieTy.whitB stumps of gum trees and sheaoaks stand but like grim • ghosts of the past,-rto show., what'; there once has been. 'When we go ever the'rahge.'a' tuore-pictliresque scene.liss before,us,. Covering the/plains are. fields of wheat, bounded .on the north by a.piece of fallowing, and on fhe.south by a clump of trees. ; Most of this is Hill Bivet" Farm. In about the centre of the farm they have begUH to build a large wheat store. Our vision is. bounded by the sheaoak-crowned hills, the trees on them forming a rude 0 or G, with a deal of shading at the southward. There, in a cosy hollow, is the head station, with its garden, looking cool and pleasant. Iri another hollow, a little to the south ward, are the stables, and other build ings. We now cross the river, along whose banks are planted groups of willows and other trees. Along the road too are planted yonng gums, which when they grow np, will add greater beauty to the place. We now pass close by. some of the Hill River wheat. The hot winds do not seem to have touched it, for it is looking fresh and green, and to all appear ances will yield as much as the Biver crops did last year, However, che sard sara. On either side, going: up the "range,; are; young'trees planted,'showing .that no pains have been spared by -the manager toJ beautify the run.' We go over the range, pass one or two more paddocks of wheat, pass on the outskirts of Spring/Farm, and -plunge into the sylvan scenery, where we oannot see more than 10 yards on either Bide of ni. When we emerge we find we have reached our destination—Clare, : The wild man, whom the police fre quently searched'for near to Point Riley, was reported to have been seen on Sunday by P. Welsh and another person,, of Port Wallaroo, near to Tickera. They were gathering native peaches, and suddenly came upon him, when he ran away. His hair and beard were stated by them to be very long—reaching nearly to his waist, and he had no. other clothing than a pair of old trousers on,—Wallaroo Times, : The-:first ordinary .general meeting of t|iq Kangaroo Gold Beef, Mining Company was held at the office of the Company on Wednes day morning, 29th instant. Mr. Alfred Watts piresided-, and between 20 and- 30 shareholders were t present, "representing "several 'thousand shares.' In repiy to an enquiry^ the Chairman sfcatedhhat-the. ^balance-sheet could; not be got j ready in time for the meeting j, he therefore proposed an adjournment. Some diseussion ensued, and ultimately it was resolved'to 'ad journ the. meeting for a fortnight. It was mentioned that a clerical error had been made iri the numbering of the shares, and it was sug gested-that .they should be all called in, with the viewof correcting' the", mistake by issuing ne^orip. A proposal to suspend all operations for one month met with a decided negative.- It was,rmentiqned. that 20..tons of.,quartz, were ^ing/rib^^ed,';but^e.':.x^9jalt. was,.not."yet known.'; So'me good rough gold had been found in ;the.'Btamper..bQ^ or' three | pieces" of . ^qukrteu.pimce.each. ,,'.Referring t® j an euquiry .'which 'waa made", . as 'tb^.' the:''pr"os-. pepts of the reef, Mr. J. B.. Austin stated, that he took' Mr.J. JVGoates to'see it about p. fort-, nightsinpe, and had,that gentleman's permission to make use of what'he, had said. Mr/Coates, who was a first-olass'ueblogist,'ahd"a mah'of" many' years'"experience in ..gold mining in the other colonies, went underground , at the Kan garoo Beef,'" and-expressed himself generally pleased w.ith the nature of the country. -.The, reef or branches' at present being worked were merely/leaders; but the stone "was very-'goad, and/evidently rich. -.From his^'obseryations in, the. locality, both /on,'and .below."the' surfacp,; He-felt tolerably certain tbat.'it.'wpuldihot .be. Ibng before the main'reef' would* bbhut" at the Kangaroo workings, when the drive is made to the westward- from the -lOQ-feet -level of; the present shaft. From the nature of the country,: he"'thought' it would likely prove to be a' good l|ody ef quartz and rich ingold, and he believe!! it would be found to dip eastward, i.e., in a contrary directiori'to'' the' present leaders. He had found what he considered- the -'outcrop of the reef "bn'the surface. " 'Alter a vote of thanks tocth'e Chairman, the meeting separated. 