REVENUJS RETURNS. The following approximate statement of the revenue of South Australia for the third quarter and for the third and two preceding quarters of the year, as compared with the Estimate ut » » **— ? « ?— — — — — «»«--?— »?«» awi U| .1111111)1 ^ irpu. m November last, has been published by the Treasury Department. It must be understood that the receipta for the third quarter is ap proximate and subject to audit: — Estimated ^JP*8 Receipts Head of Receipt, ^enue. *£ ^ Customs ? £260,000 £97,012 £262,877 Marine ... 6 150 1 751 6 457 Ci own Lands Rent*,) „ kc- n ,. ? - 64 Tin 32-34* *5S,133 Rente, Ordinary ...) °V-W 5^7 2 183 Licences (Business) 13,339 499 12*^54 Postages and Tele graphs ... 50,500 20,255 57,064 Fines, Fees, andFor feitures ? 21,571 8,267 19.749 Sales Government Property ? 170 345 889 Keimbursementsin Aid ? 8,180 3,304 9,448 Miscellaneous ... 7,530 3,497 6.054 Interests Exchange 200 1,155 1,570 Railways and Tram ways ? 117,500 33,264 127,041 Waterworks ... 29,100 1,963 14,489 Immigration ... 500 673 1,399 Land Sales ? 170,000 50,723 139,005 Total ? £749,150 £255,616 £719,012 * In addition to say £8,000 for commonage licences not yet transferred from Deposit Account, pending potty repayments. UOTE.— Out of £65,000 authorized to be raised as revenue by means of Treasury bills for various public works £35,164 was raised on the 3rd of January. Gold Minim; ik the Northern Terri tory.— The Bill to provide for gold mining in the Northern Territory has met with a very favourable reception in the Assembly. After a short debate its second reading has been agreed to, and the Government have received from all sides of the House promises of assistance in getting it passed into law without unnecessary delay. These promises, however, are rather to be regarded as proof of general conviction as to the necessity for legislation of some kind in the direction con templated than as evidence of a strong predi lection in favour of the Bill itself. Only three or four members joined in the discus sion that took place, and they admitted that they had not bad time to examine critically the voluminous provisions of the measure. The motion for the second reading was introduced by the Attorney-General in a speech of marked ability. Without at all labourine the subject, he explained the circumstances which had rendered the inter ference of the Legislature necessary. He referred to the inextricable state of confu sion into which matters had been brought by the neglect of a previous Ministry to furnish the authorities at Port Darwin with timely information as to the passing of the Act of last session ; by the promulgation of regulations not warranted by law ; by the assumption by police-troopers of authority to isaue leases ; and by general laxity of prac tice on the part of Government officials in the settlement. This done, he gave a concise and lucid exposition of the contents of the Bill, the leading features of which we have already described. He intimated that special pains had been taken to encourage leasing for gold- mining purposes— a fact which is apparent on the face of the measure. His reasons for adopting this course, so far as they apply to reeling or deep sinking, are unanswerable, but care will have to be taken not to place impediments in the way of the ordinary digger. So far no alluvial gold-field of any consequence has been discovered in the Territory, but that such fields exist is highly probable. The most ineffective part of the Attorney General's address was that in which he attempted to reply to objections urged against portions of the Bill by our corre spondents, 'A Reefer' and ' Lex.' It is quite true, as he states, that the clause re quiring the leases tribunal to proceed accord ing to the real justice, good conscience, and merits of each case without regard to legal forms and solemnities only applies to the validation of past proceedings, but it is equally true that ' Lex' never said anything to the contrary. His fear is that applicants for leases under the Act of 1S7O-71 will be placed in a different position than they would have occupied had that measure remained unrepealed, and Mr. Mann failed in his endeavour to show that that fear was groundless. No doubt clause 5 remit3 persons who made application for leases prior to the 29th of November, 1S72, back to the position they occupied on that date ; but it does more, for it expressly stipulates that their cases shall be dealt with as if the regulations had not affected to impose terms with respect to the employment of labour or the expenditure of capital upon the lands applied for. The same stipulation is con tained in clause 6, which is intended to meet the case of persons who have made applica tions for leases or claims since the 29th November. We Bhall not now enter into the question of the justice of introducing tliese limitations, but we feel bound to point out that it is to their existence in the Bill that our correspondents particularly object. FOB Palmerston.— A Press telegram shows that the steamer Gothenburg left Melbourne for Adelaide on Thursday, October 2, and we hear that an application has been made for her to call in at a leading port in Queensland upon the voyage to the Northern Territo.-y, pre sumably to embark cargo and passengers. Equity Coitbt. — The Primary Judge will sit this day at 10.30 a.m. The Bible in Schools.— A meeting of persons who disapprove of the clause in the Education Bill providing for the compulsory reading of the Bible in the Government schools has been called for this evening in the Exchange-rooms ot the Town Hall. Musical Entertainment.— The Rev. A. Honner has for some time interested himself in the establishment of a Boy's Guild at Mitcham. The youths are assembled in the evening, and instructed in a variety of subjects, including the theory and practice of music, quite apart from any denominational bias. But as the institution cannot be efficiently carried on without conside rable expense, a concert will bo given in White's Room on Moaday evening, in aid of the funds. His Excellency has conferred his patronage, and promised to be present. The Golden Point.— Mr. Thomas E. In skip, the Manager of this Company, telegraphed from Yam Creek, on October 2, to Air. G. W. Cotton, the Secretary, that he had cut a leader 8 feet from the surface, and was sinking deeper to cut the reef. Thb Poet Adelaide Institute.— We are in formed that Mr. Arthur Rose, who was for some time connected with the Kapunda Institute, has been appointed to the office of Librarian and Curator of the cne at P«rt Adelaide. The Lite Librarian, Mr. Ashford, who resigned the posi tion with the intention of proceeding to England, received prior to his retirement, the thanks of the Committee, with a donation of £10. We under stand that owing to the change the library will be closed for a few days, but the reading-room and the museum are to be open to the public as usual. Wool Shipments.— At Port Augusta the wool ships are getting on well with their loading, going1 down in the water fast, and the residents are all busy. Entehtadtkent.— The-membera of the Young Men's Society, in connection Jtith- St Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street, assisted by several lady amateurs, provided an agreeable pro gramme, comprising elocution, and vocal and instrumental music, on Thursday evening, Oc tober 2, to celebrate the opening of a new room in which the Association will be able to meet for the future. Prior to the public entertainment the members had a social tea. The soiree was crowded, and passed off successfully. The Pastor of the Church and President of the Society, the Rev. J. Henderson, was the Chair man. The proceedings, which were carried oat with spirit, concluded with a scene — 'The Miserable Man'— which had a far different effect upon the audience from what might be suggested by its name. The affair terminated shortly after 10 o'clock. The meeting room was formed by throwing what were previeusly three rooms into one, making thus a nice hall, which has been coloured and lit with gas. Doubtless it will be found of great advantage to the Church and the Society. Temperance Entertainment,— On Thursday evening, October 2, in the Town Hall Exchange Room, some members of various Temperance Societies performed Dr. Breadsall's allegorical scene — 'The Trial of John Barleycorn.' The hall was well filled, and the audience appeared highly pleased with the dramatic representation. The respective parts of judge, counsel, and police were taken in the orthodox garbs with which such dignitaries are always associated, and the addition of Jury and witnesses com pleted the formal character of the whole affair. It might perhaps be suggested to the represen tatives of the preservers of the public peace that it is not usual in Courts of Justice for tham to wear their hats, and the same remark would apply to some of the witnesses. The piece as a whole, however, was fairly performed, although the text was lost in consequence of the rapidity and indistinctness of several speakers. The composition of the allegory in places indicates a very dim idea of the manner in which judicial proceedings are carried on. The company were enlivened by the Good Templars' Brass Band, and the meeting closed at a reasonable hour. Port Darwin Newspaper.— An advertise ment announces that subscriptions and adver tisements for the Northern Territory Times and Gazette newspaper are received at the Secretary's office in Register-Chambers. The Clare Licensing Bench.— Our attention has been directed to the fact that whereas the report supplied to us of the proceedings at the recent sitting of the Clare Licensiag Bench represented that the application of Mr. Hall, of Belalie, was opposed by Sergeant-Major Wood epek, that officer merely mentioned that opposi tion had been entered by two German farmers resident intheneighbourhood.who, however, did not appear at the hearing. _ The Sergeant roallv, it seems, approved of the licence being granted. The New Pea ' Superlative.'— Mr. John Hodgkiss has favoured us with specimens of the above English novelty of 1872, which he has succeeded this year in introducing into South Australia. He informs us that it grows freely in his garden at Brighton, and that it needs no special care or culture. The pods he has given us are young and in splendid order, six inches long, and one of them, which has been opened, contains ten remarkably fine peas. It is to be hoped that the plant thus successfully brought into the colony may soon be very generally cultivated, as it promises to form a very valua ble addition to our vegetable luxuries. The specimens referred to may be seea at our office. Phrenology and Physiology.— On Thursday evening, September 25, in Mackay's Assembly Rooms, at Port Augusta, Dr. Markham lectured in aid of the local Institute; Mr. T. McT. Gibson, President of the Literary Association, in the chair. The address was illustrated by the aid of plates on the wall, showing the different forms of the human skuli; also by means of two skulls of aborigines. The pro ceedings were enlivened by solos, duats, aud glees, and a pleasant evening was spent, as it is seldom that the residents have an opportunity of hearing interesting or instructive lectures. The net proceeds of the entertainment wore £7 8s. — a result which was considered good. After noticing the discovery of phrenology the speaker referred to the opposition which new discoveries and new ideas generally met with. History repeated itself in recording the obstacles thrown in the way of the progress of truth. From the Mount of Olives to the garden of Plato, from the tragedy on Calvary to the poisoned bowl of Socrate=, from the crown of thorns to the stake and the dungeon there was the same history of intolerance and persecution. People were leaving old foundations, and had ceased to theorize. Man stood face to face with nature — had forgotten old systems of education, for new modes of instruction were the order of to-day. The ancients sat in their closets and framed their theories of the world ; now, how ever, man took hammer and chisel, and went on to the mountains to ask nature for her secrets. In interpreting nature the basis of all know ledge was the observation of facts, and they must dismiss from their minds ideas of what truth should be, and try to discover what sho is. One of the sciences resulting from observation was phrenology. This -lid not attempt to grasp the mind itself. Holding that the brain is the organ of the mind, it taught that the mind manifests itself through organs found on tha surface of the brain, each of those organs acting similarly to the organs of the senses. Thus, aided by the eyo, the mind saw, by an organ of causality it reasoned, by ono of secrerlveness it concealed, each organ acting by a special stimulus. The ojjtic nerve, stimulated by light, induced in the mind the state called seeing. The organ of benevolence excited by distress caused the mental state called compassion. Every human face was the alphabet of phrenology; its grammar was every created thing. The external aspect of a body was indicative of its essential qualities; indeed, physical structure was sug gestive of character. Let a hand be passed through a hole in a door, and a phrenologist would give a description of the brain that moved that hand, for whether it was coarse or fine so would the brain be. If the fingers were long and shapely the head would be high and evenly developed. If the joints of the fingers are largo every joint in the body would be the same. If the knuckles were prominent the features were large. If the hand was wide the shoulders were so also. If the hand was short the body would not only be short but slow in its movements; hence length indicated activity and width power. To prove this law let them consider the nose, for great men the world over had long noses. If the nose were long, tending to sharpness, and finely formed, its possessor would be more than an average man. In many parts of the earth there were found remarkab'e noses on the faces of remarkable men. A small nose was rarely connected with' much force of character, for even great criminals were always found to have large noses. They might put confidence in a Roman nose if they first gained the possessor to their side; a turned-up nose indicated an uncertain character; a nose wide at the root showed selfishness; while a well- cut, straight one indicated great refinement ; a sharp nose pointed out a scold ; a flat one indolence; and an uncommon nose an uncommon character. The Doctor closed his address thus : — ' Phrenology is yet in its infancy, but it has done much to benefit mankind. You will hear of it wherever you go— by the fireside of the farmer it is a fund of amusement and instruction. You will hear it discussed in the most fashionable circles. Where the study of phrenology is encouraged a good impression is produced. It has made a number of the useful sciences popular. Thousands would never have heard of anatomy or physiology were it not for phrenology, k has improved our methods of education, making it scientific by pointing out to a youth the best trade or profession to follow. It is the great exponent of self-culture, insisting upon personal effort as the only means of obtaining success in life; it 13 the great opponent of materialism ; it is the handmaid of Christianity.' New BRIDGE.— Recently the bridge crossing at the Cut, near Saltia, was reopened for traffic. The substantial and neat structure has cost between ££00 and £600. The new arch has a span of 17 feet, and is 19 feet above the water course. Mr. Anderson, who has finished the work under the superintendence of the Port Augusta Road Board, has, it is understood, not made a profit out of the contract. He has, how ever, the satisfaction of having erected a credit able and useful bridge. ..Death of thb Racehorse Benvolio.— The JSydney. Empire reports:— 'Jour of Mr. Ryan's racehorses, namely, The Ace, Lancer, Benvolio, and Rosalie, were taken to the A.S.N. Com pany's wharf for the purpose of being shipped to Melbourne on board the City of Adelaide. The Derby wi»ner was the first it was attempted to get on board, but he refused to face the gang way and stage, and fell. He was then placed in a box, the intention being to sling him; but while in the box he fell again, and was found to have received such injuries to his hind- quarters as prevented his standing. Mr. Michie, V.S., was called in, and the poor colt was carried on a truck into the goods shed, where a bed was made for him ; but his injuries proved too severe for any surgical remedy, and after remaining in agony till 8 p.m. he died. The loss to Mr. Ryan is very great, and every one must sympathize with him sin cerely under such a heavy misfortune; for not only was Benvolio actually worth a large sum of money, but Mr. Ryan had already backed him to win a great stake, both on the Victorian Derby, and also on the double of that race and the Melbourne Cup. It's only the other day ' poor little Ben' was described in the papers as the winner of the A. J.C. Derby, and since then has been doing so well that Mr. Ryan, Tothill, and Tom Brown thought the Melbourne Derby only a matter of health for him. Aa he walked through the streets to the wharf on Saturday afternoon, his beautiful coat and elastic step were universally noticed, aud as people re marked that it wasn't every day one could see such a dangerous quartette as 'Bon' and his companions, they little dream that in a short hour the prime favourite of them all would be ruined. Benvolio was one of the be?t bred colts in the colonies, being by Peter Wilkins from imported Juliet (dam of Chryso lite, Sylvia, Charon, &c.;), by Touchstone from Lancashire Witch. He was very blood-like in appearance, and a splendid weight-carrier and stayer. Ho was besides a remarkably kind tempered, quiet little fellow, and wa3 made quite a pet of by every one connected with his stable. Although winning the Derby, and being the largest receiver of stakes at the meeting, Mr. Ryan has had anything but a profitable vihit among us; and we trust to see him often here again with as good a string of horses and better luck; while we sorrow greatly over the untimely end of our particular weakness—' Poor Little Ben.'' The Cast- iron Grand Piano.— The follow ing description of the grand pianoforte used at Madame Goddard's concerts is, the Sydney Herald mentions, an extract from a long letter written by Mr. J. D. D. Jackson, who says that some misapprehension in regard to its construc tion exists in the minds of musical people, many imagining that it is made chieriy of iron: 'These instruments are made in solid plain oak, mahogany, and various fancy woods. Their construction is very costly — time, material, and men well skilled in such peculiar and interesting work being essentially necessary. Tne case or framework is in part principally made of white deal, pine, oak, and beech, with the exception of the sound-board, that being of Swiss deal, and is considerably strengthened with iron, wrought and cast. The patent pin-plate is resisted and secured with diagonal bracing, and provided with a gun metal harmonic tie- bar throughout its entire length, all of which is admirably fitted, and is, to use a shop term, a clever piece of ' pianoforte engineering.' The action— so well known to horizontal pianoforte-makers for its durability and extreme simplicity — is perfected with a most ingenious and substantial contrivance for setting off the hammers; the blow from which being entirely at the will of the performer, however loud or soft, or with whatever force the demand may be, produce a most comfortable and delightful touch. These actions are furnished with under- dampers of a superior make, and very prompt movement.' Snakebite. — It is remarked by the Brisbane Courier that the following extract from a private letter received by the Commissioner of Police, Queensland, from Cardwell, gives another instance of the value of ammonia as an antidote to the effects of snakebite: — 'Sub-Inspector Johnstons effected a splendid cure of one of his troopers from snakebite by means of ammonia injection. The boy was all but dead, being per fectly rigid and insersible, when Johnstone in jected into a large vein in the arm threo times, and three minute3 after the last injection the boy sat up, aud rapidly improved till next morn ing, when he was quite well, and attended parade. The singular part of it was that tie trooper drank a quart of rum after being bitten, a^d it took no effect until after the ammonia was injected for the third time, when he became quite drunk.' Primitive Methodist New Chapel.— The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel at the township of Dublin, in the Hundred of Dublin, was laid on Tuesday, Sep tember 30, by Miss S. Baker, of The Cedars, Goodwood. It was a delightful day, and there was a good attendance, visitors having arrived from Mallala, the Lower Light, Two Wells, and other places. The site of the building is a nice spot, and it is understood was presented to the Chapel Trustees by Mr. Baker of Goodwood. Tbe building will' cost about £300. About 3.30 p.m. the Rev. J. S. Wayland introduced the young lady who had to officiate. A bottle con taining a copy of the day's Heaister and the following document was placed in a cavity under the foundation-stone :— ' To whomsoever it may interest. The foundation stone of this the Dublin Primitive Methodist Chapel, Hundred of Dublin, Province of South Australia, was laid by Miss Baker, of The Cedars, Goodwood, on the 30th day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, being the thirty- seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Anthony MuFgrave, C.M.G., being the Governor of this province of South Australia ; Revs. James Stuart Wayland and Arthur Wellosley Wel lington being the Ministers of the Two Wells circuit, Henry Secomb the Circuit Steward, and Messrs. Goorge Baker, Charles Burnard, Francis Diment, Charles Dodd, James Fabian, Arthur George, and William Temby being Trustees. In the name, and to the glory of Almighty God, The- Father, The Son, and Tho Holy Ghost this undertaking is this day publicly commenced.' A hymn was sung, tho Rev. A. W. Wellington offered prayer, the ceremony was performed, and Mr. Wayland spoke re garding the doctrines that would be preached in that place of worship, and the church polity of ihe denomination. Contributions were then laid upon the stoue, and the people adjourned to a tent where an excellent spread was provided. At a subsequent public meeting Mr. W. Temby presided, and the Revs. A. W. Wellington and J. S. Wayland spoke. The financial result of the proceedings amounted to about £48. [From yestersday' Evming Journal.] Cricket.— As will be seen from an advertise, ment in another column a general meeting of the United Tradesmen's Cricket Club will be held on Monday evening. Applications for Governmbnt Appoint ments.— 'We regret that inadvertently the con clmsion of Mr. Ward's speech in reply on this subject in the Assembly, as reported in Thurs day's Register, was attributed to the Attorney GeneraL Only the first four lines were spoken by Mr. Mann, the remainder by Mr. Ward. The error occurred through two of the reporters changing places at the instant. Benefit Societies and the Northern Territory.— On Wednesday evening, October 1, a meeting of delegates from the various Friendly Societies in Adelaide was held in the room of Court Temperance, Wakefield-street— Councillor Bagshaw presiding — to consider the following circular:—' Court Temperance, 3813, A.O.F., September 17, 1873.— Sir and Brother —I am instructed to forward you the following reselution:— 'That this Court issue a circular to the various Friendly Societies in Adelaide, in viting them to appoint one delegate to attend a meeting, to be held in Jones's Schoolroom, on Wednesday, October 1st, at 7.30 p.m., to con oid er the best course to pursue to meet the in creasing liability caused by members going to the Northern Territory, in consequence of so much sickness prevailing there.— I am, Ac, Edwd. Alcock, Assistant Secretary, Waymouth street.' After considerable discussion the following resolution was passed :— ' That the various Societies be requested to insert a clause in their By-!aw8, reducing the amount of their sick-pav in all cases where such sickness ia caused dv the climatic influence of any tropical climate/ 