WIT AND HUMOUR. Advertisers are adepts at ambiguity. A lady advertises her desire to obtain a husband " with a Roman nose having strong religious tendencies." A returned Australian found the baby he left at home a miss of five summers. One day he offended her, and she fretfully exclaimed, " I wish you had never married into our family." " I have just met a man who told me I looked exactly like you," said an American politician to another. "Tell me who it was, that I may knock him down," said the person called another. " Don't trouble yourself," replied the politician, " I did it myself." ' Too MANY IRONS IN THE FIRE.—A West Point barber manages to earn his living by shaving, playing the cornet, drum, and French horn, selling canary birds, amputating ratterriers' ears, leading a church choir, and playing a healthy game of dTaw-poker. " Sambo, my massa always trabble ; yours ebber stay at home." " Dat berry true, Jim; but you know what the proverb say—'rolling stone gadder no moss.'" " No, Sambo ; but it gadder polish ; and dat 'ere's a qualification your massa stan' bery much in need ob." If a young lady wishes a young gentleman to kiss her, what papers would she mention 1 No Spectator, no Observer, but as many Times as you please. '' I never did see such a changeable thing as the wind i^," said an old lady, coming home out of breath. " I was walking down the street, it blew as hard as it could, right in my face; and when I turned round and walked up the street, it then blew away on my back." A gentleman at an evening party in the Far West, observing, another gentleman eyeing his umbrella, stopped the proceeding thus :—" You handle that umbrella, you touch that umbrella, you even look at that umbrella, and I'll ram it down your throat—and then spread it." An Irish process-server, proverbially smart even amongst that smart race, who had a writ to serve, ascertained that the defender was dead, and tossing the summons over the wall of the cemetery, he made return upon the writ that he had left the summons at the last and usual place of abode. An Illinois editor thus sarcastically speaks of the marriage of a professional brother in Indiana:—" He stepped upon the hymeneal platform, adjusted the fatal noose, and was swung off into that unsilent bourne whence he can never return save by the Indianopolis or connecting lines." DESERTERS.—A British soldier went into a grocery to buy some trifling article, and seeing some red herring lying on the counter, he asked what they were. "Soldiers, my friend," said the grocer, -winking at the company. '' Are they so?" rejoined the son of Mars. " Then I'll take them as deserters," and off...he walked with bis prisoners, to the great amusement of the bystanders; and the discomfiture of thewittygrocer. »%-•You'caii fe^' and write a little, I suppose ?" asked an eminent educationist the other day in '^faniiiyV ain' hoan on uz can tell t'clock!" " Is Pat Flannigan on boaTd this ship ?" roared Nelsonj during a lull in the firing at the battle of the Nile, "I'm here, my lord," said Erin's son, showing himself on deck, " Then," said the gallant Nelson, looking satisfied, "let the battle proceed." Thaksthr^.,is .Pat's. • In one of the' suburban schools the Board of Education-main gave'but the word "psaiter " to a class in spelling. It' was a poser to all. till it reached the foot of, the class, where a curlyheaded little fellow spelt it-correctly, and ming asked to .define it, shouted out, ''More salt." A Detroit paper says that Zach. Chandler looked all over his backyard one night to find the key-hole to the front door. That's" nothing. He sat in a street-car iii Washington all one night, when the car had broken down and was off the track.' In the'morning he got out and said he "never had such a long trip before." A negro, recently fell off a bridge in Dallas county, Ala., and was killed. Ilis widow has sued the county for 10,000 dollars damages. When she gets the money all the negro wives in Alabama are' going to send their husbands over that bridge. '-. A ishort-sighted dentist in Crestline, Ohio; saw a neighbour's black cat sleeping on his woodshed roof. He seized a shot gun, took aim—and blowed the North-American stuffing out of his wife's best back hair; placed there to dry in the sun. He listened to some funny conversation for awhile! . THE QITEEN AND THE FISHWIFE.—During the late visit of the Queen to Edinburgh, advantage was taken of the excitement by a. travelling circus company, who perambulated in costume the route Her Majesty , was expected to take. Among the' crowd which collected at Brandonstreet was a Newhaven fishwife, who was all anxiety to see the Queen. . This magnificent cavalcade, with its glittering display of theatrical grandeur, turned the corner, and when Maggie caught sight of the gorgeously apparelled lady who rode at the head of it, she sprang forward, seized the tinselled riding skirt and exclaimed, "Eh : yer Maijesty, my dawtie, turn round and let's see yer bonny face; it's no often we get the chance o' seeing it." When loud laughter apprised her of her mistake, she indignantly inquired "hoo she could be expected to ken the Queen, when she had never seen her, and that onybody wad expect a Queen to come dressed in gold and silver." WORSE THAN SUDDEN DEATH.—A tale of incredible horror comes to us from Illinois. . It is well for the journalistic mind that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such inky and -unmitigated gloom. The time was August, the skies were fair, when seated in a railway car, a bright, blooming, bashful, and beautiful young bridal pair went forth on the first stage of that journey which ends, it may be, in the grave, or haply in Chicago. The husband of an hour was all pride and tenderness ; the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow train moved from the station, the fair young being incautiously put her head out of the window, perchance to scent the mountain breeze like Hamiet's father's ghost, perchance to wave a last farewell to the weeping friends of her girlhood. Too, too fatal momeut t A telegraph pole did not decapitate her—no, ah no ! That were joy compared to Hastily bringing her head within the car, she buried an agonised face in her hands. The terrified bridegroom is said to have instantly expressed himself,.with great presence of mind, in touching language—""What was it, darling ? What frightened it, dear t Tell its own hubby ! What makes it cry ?" What, indeed! O vicious Fate! She had dropped a lovely and expensive set of-teeth out of the window. She never smiled again—until she had seen a dentist. [ORIGINAL.] THE OLD LAND FAR AWAY. BY MRS. T. M'CANN. FAREWELL, farewell, dear Ireland, My long-left home, farewell; But still thou art my sireland, Though. I weave this parting knell. For all the varied beauties Which poesy can twine Are wrapt in thee—far o'er the sea— Bright native land of mine. 'Tis sad to say farewell, then— A stranger land to roam, While fond ones pray, each "homeward-bound" May waft the " wanderer " home. But many and many a "homeward-bound," Have cross'd over ocean's track ; And many a one may "come and go," Ere they speed the wanderer back. But still I love thee, Ireland, And deep, and well, and long, Shall all the memories hover— Bright "evergreens" of song. Though the step may bound as lightly, 'Neath Australia's sunny ray; Still, one faithful heart is pining, For that old land far away. Though Australia offers treasures— Is a free and happy land— And receives with open arms, The "loved" of many a "broken band : " Though her fair domains unbounded, Are stretching far and wide ; And robed with many a vine-clad hill In rich, luxuriant pride: But I would not give thee, Erin, So sweet, so sadly grand, ; For ten thousand times the treasures Of this adopted land. And though wavering fate now bids me,. This long farewell to say; Yet, one faithful heart is pining For that old land far away. Snowy Creek, 9th January, 1873. 