W SSS"'" 1 ;? to drink the waters of 1 Nil. « the proverb— -a jfewsoogo gEB Thomas BBOWNB. SS MlonUl boy «"> ' rubbed , out. !-!r hii mtfk in the world, and a very gefiSS people lixe. W nevuer ttdair.you can't tell; whether it's the M foreigners believe, on mutton ud «nedonbr.ud,-Md. Wi "ri»thw b60"M the aogtb, or neurer to the rthm humu boye, jou can't po<- StaUbBe be > "'Jb® ehioh nobody oan deny , and that won't on any account be jttbaetodytoo, i the Colonial Boy, (C tattdi modesty about him ; he blushes SL.H? he weeps so weepfully j he is so so considerate, so unwilling to StiTthewras of folk, so silent when he's 2i miMtefal when he sleeps, so very nice a J""5Lgw, He is never vnde, this colonial 2 RsoS gk his heart to break a window 21 with a sneaking shanghai j it would !L hia tt ths inner quick to pelt old 1, ith blue metal, abstracted from the v liifl he'd die of sorrow to see !lW thl" sw11 savage boys in Mnmbo- jjmi treat their mothers, and their tying, At Boy there isn't his ditto to be IgoS die where; and Elsewhere ought to grieve aeoitMr. Why, I keep aOolonial Boyling myself. Twig h k clever — very. As a sign of this yUCiSohoolmaftere. Let me eee, he was four esSti ket birthday. In the morning he gets ip,«d mill for his boots like a Baron of eld. '0iT00Jw»Y«w says he to me, being hie tyBfe psrsntsl governor — " Old Coekywax, WpfB gmwd health f Keep your toes dry man, and your spirits up j but, sMpsr other folly you do, don't send me j to ilhN Wiod— a Charity School— for if you fe kdnU kfll the Schoolmaster." " Boy," I wtiitBtfegey language, u 'Tis a chy-ildish knef 4 mine: Wherefore hatest thou the tytylptarf" That violent talk shuts him up faring say one minute t but then he goes on li Bon. " Father," says he, " what's a Board efiiiieef Oan it spell? Can it read? Does it tek What's What?" To this I reply, 'Seapj! h's s mystery ! In this world you've ft ti |foQ0i sleug with all manner of mysteries. cpdin time you'll be able to knook I fo 'etn." For a common boy ftii eoiht Ja be a squelcher i but it isn't tar Iny, "Botrd,! qf Avioe," says be, "is likB IforfowitRfi only sdeal worst. They're prond tinpsUmeiiii. But, I say, father," he goes on, atoVyoa wsnt fo buHd up the back of the And didn't you say yesterday you waiei foi!)|tMng, of bluestone, or bride, j mMthnq to Jttep oot the weather j but, Dad, J kf fedd on a kind of timber that can fot riiB Common Sense. Make it out of Advice. They'll be wind-proof, aud thunder-proof." Iri dag itrrit Ghost hasn't beea walking although good many believers and 2 hue been on the look-out to catch fc BfobaMy there wasn't any suck ghost j but ril tell you what there Mme thick, foul vapour from SIT C#fp0ratio,1,B P®fc drrin". fighting its the fog, and to taking tome kind of Nepeetable ghost, that had any .. riaracteri couldn't be found so pear dhmmt-bouBes. hundred pounds a year there's no Parliament's rather dear. Hnnjji T6®' eftrn e cash, and sometimes while to pay him the money 'he baby. It seems, ijJr!-Teriruok somebody that we want at 'he price. The country's 'or 'he want of more and mere m.re law making; but isn't the Bag, lew!. " we get too laws as it is ? Parliament mortal thing. It's come yri 'hat the ' 'Ouse" will stop ns foking sugar in our tea, and make < " fomale women's " patent ru1 " 'hat we're governed a , aad would be all the better foold'af thsd.e Pariiameufs got Mki| ifa poor hn man nature to eitijeraMm.jor woman to Oatia|l'here' sheen s<foaefe!k Of it at ' come to nothing. No doubt has happened. I kpow of time of ehoferai faad in: the ohsrdaid 'Ron go to at heme. For some UP ogrinand fodpd that Ids' ooffin ! The h driohfe't bein too great haste frfendi happen u! ne newspaper writer onthis matter t 8 rickled my faney a hit. He says : ©le fear of premature interment « solid foundation ; and, after all, suffocation in the tomb must be more quick and sure than asphyxia by diphtheria.." There's ?oon- elation for you. I might as well fey that Suffocation by hanging's pleasanter, and more composing than suffocation by drowning. \At the aame tune the argument wouldn't exactly be eforoag eaohgh to lead me to hang myself in order that I might escape the risk of drowning; or to wish to be buried alive so as to avoid the danger of dying of diphtheria. Joking aparti we bury our dead—and properly too— very soon m Australia, and that's the reason why we should take this thought about being buried aliVe to heart. Will some useful pelioemau catch me a Shang hai Boy ? I want to make experiments on one of these young brigands. Likewise, I should be glad for tbe Shanghai Boy's father and mother to be caught too, and brought into my backyard for execution. The programme of sports would then be as follows i— T should arm a select company of larrikins with Shanghais, and ammunition, plant ing the came a very short distance from the Shanghai family. When all was ready I should let my larrikins go it for twenty minutes, and give father, mother, and eon a taste of what the gay youth gives other people. Justice would be pacified, and if the Shanghai Boy went home and died of his wounds, the world would have one blackguard the lees in it. The trick of betting grows on us. There's nothing too small, or too large, for people not to bet about. High and poor, low and rich, all b et and think they're going to win. A little sample folio ws : The otHer day two men I've heard of were strolling along, when they saw a third patrolling along too. This third was the greatest at bets they knew, so says one to .t'other " Let's have a joke, and bet him that we've got five eyes between us." " Why," answered the other. " He's sure to take it « p, for he'll take up anything, and we're bound to lose, unless you're got four egte your self.". Allow me, gentle public, to explain that the first man had a glass eye, unknown to his companion. This little anecdote .is told for the benefit of the bookmakers, although I really rite" : see how, or why, or wherefore, except this, that if people will bet on anything and everything, they may as well be let have their way, and work off their betting steam. Upon my life, this poetry bosiness is getting toe oOxnmpn. TSie other day we bad this old ass, J ohn Peerybingle, turning up with tbe Cranky Splitter; and now here's another effort of Native , Industry by an infant of tender years : OUR TODDLES. Down by the creek-side, where the bell-birds come, And wattias blossom, fell, and &U;, and fede; Down in the valley, when the wild bees hum, We've buried Toddlee underneath theshade; And watch the happy bell-birds eome, and come. Our little Toddles, that we've loved, and kissed, And patted on her pretty feee of snow ; ' > - Our Toddle that we cried tor when we mimed v Her toddling footsteps, for we'd loved hereof— We'd loved her so — we'd loved her so, and kissed. Toddles, and us had lived a life so sweet ! Only a dBg elm was; -but then so white; > Only a little thing, that came to. greet _ Our coming, ana oar going, mom till zught. With footsteps— footsteps, waiting for our feet. Each ene, and us— tbafs Toddles too, eaidme-— Had watched the wattles in the valley grow ; We'd listened to the happy bell-birds' glee ; But cried when Toddles died — We'd loved her bo ; And buried Toddles 'neath the wattle tree. O, life I 0, love I Why should we leve so dear ? O, death 1 O, grief ! It seems a childish need To love, and waste your loving in ia tear ; Bui then we children love, and take no heed ! O, leve ! O, grief ! Why shoald we love so dear ? Down to the valley whsre the grasses wave, And happy bell- birds through the Springtime come, We go, as jd sit, and cry by Toddies' grave, And listen, listen to the wiltl bees hum ; uown Dy xne creex-siae wuere me grasses wave. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. Mr. MasPherson consulted with the Chief Secretary on Tuesday as to his motion on the telegraph subsidy question. The hon. gentleman wishes a day named for the discus ion, bat Mr. Francis saya that just now be cannot possibly fix one on whioh it could have precedence. He promised, however, to give the House tiro or three' days notice of the disoosmon. There is a considerable - flutter in the parlia- J mentary dovecotes in anticipetion of the new Electoral Act beeoming law. Mr. Peter Lalor Js stated by the "Star" to a coming candidate for Elaine. Mr. Zeal assures bis friendsfhrough the "Mount Alexandra Mail," that he will stick to Oastiemeine; while two gentlemen unknown to political feme are announced by the " Dayles- ford Mercury" as being "positively" oommg for ward for Glenlyon district. If these examples are followed -there will eoon be a long list of candidates announoed, and the electors will, at any rate, hare plenty of tone in whioh to Select their men. The second reeding of the Life Assurance Bill was consented to by tiie Legislative Council on Thursday without hesitation. Members did not consider the bill by any means perfect, and com plained that it pas loosely drawn— « otending complaint in that chamber, by the way. It was admitted, however, that jUwiolation was- needed in the matter, and that the hill, wasa in the right direction. It will' be considered in com mittee on Wednesdhy next. ' . . , The questidn of a residence far |us Bbmellemjy was bromtht under Abe notice of the on WedfoSsday by Mr. Zeal, and to wpiytotoe hon. member the hon, the OhiefSroretary statocl tiiat this ides of purchasing' a portion qf the Dqorak cstete had beeu abandoned. Ope reaqfO to 0 that therg w3l not be any necessity for maintain- ing saeh a large establishment. This solution of the difficulty will be received with sarprise end wgtot by the publio. ? a > ? n 