MISOELLANEOUS. IREOMARkALE ]PEsoTS o0 LlanT . NING.-From a correspondent at Oberon we (Batlhurst F.ese Press) learn that a fearful thunderstorm occurrod in that neighbourbood on Sunday last, during which a largo treeoo standing about midwey between lthe reosidenoos of Mlr. O. Whalan and MIr, Ouonnynghlamo, was torn to pieces in a remarkable manner,. The lightning appears first to have struek the oartli and ooming in contaet .with the'roots of the tree, ploughed up the ground through a distance of twonty;:. feet. The roots of theo trees wore torn .up by theo electrio fluid, nod an opening was made in the earth in one dirooetion, about eighteen iunchoas wide and eoxtonding nearly thirty foot. One of the roots of another tree near the spot was torn up; but the upper port of the trunk of the tree was unc touohed. There are no mnrks of lighit. ning upon the upper portions of the tree, clearly proving that, in this instaone, the usual order of things has beeoon reversed, and instead of the highest, thebo lowest point has boon first struok by the subtle fluid. The thunder weas unusually loud, and the ground shook as from an earth. quake, Some pioces of the troee wore thrown, 150 yards from the spot, Two cows appear to have boon struck by the lghtning, but they weore not mucht injured. They contlnued tobellow and roar for some time as though they could not oveoroomeo theLolr terror. AN ADVENTUn? oa' TE's ROAD-On Sunday morning, at about one o'olook, aheou Malone's mall coaoh was on its way from Goulburn to Braidwood, and when about six miles from thie 'former plane, a stray borse took it into its head to frator. nlso with the loader, and kept up, run. ning alongside but at eanoh floeash of lightning, whlo was overy vivid, the brute used to fall bank amongst the whoolorse, Young "rummy, the. oonahman, had no passoegers with him, but not believiging in ghostes-although the stray horeo' was a white one, and rather speotro~looking, and, moreover, not being very easily put off lie tequilibriumn, he dropped the thong of hiie whip pretty heavily upon thie stranger, nIto would resume his pheoo alongside the leading horse until again startled by the liglttnlng,'when hei would ono more fall bnok, only to he soundly drdssed down agoaii with the whip. Thll wvont on for about seven mnileo, until the fences wore phoss ned id the opon country roaohed, ithon l]rummy, turaod off into the bush, nndtby so doing dodged the grey epeotro which had boon harrasednlg him for so many. mlee, tind whloh mlght have torriled a porson'of oervous tompornmont, -Broidwood .Diapais, ':', COoase 6r"A NsV'Y:Yn'i LAnRc -It la'n oiietoun' wltlis.aom who no disposod to oarryon practical jbkokae at the expense of otheorlpoplo,'to indulgeo In note of thisl ktli'tld on the oove of the Now Yeoar. The polloo, under tihe dirootion of Aub.lnspeae. tor Thropo, Intimated their intention of, punishing with the full rigour of thie law suolt as might be found indulgn.ing suchl note of misoonduct, In our lost Isanue nwo neqjualntod the publlo .wlthlthi ; l' Ft. Acodrdinglyi duriong that nighltlTo ltlloo. hoipt striot look.tut, At 2a.,m, In tie mntornlng, whelon ovoerylhing nppoared qulto still, a feow young snon, no doubt withi the lntoniton, of ommolnning thle 'worlk of oarrylng out tihe old custom of pretlanl joklting, sot to work bIy removing a dray In the pnseeslon of Mr. ]Bnyo, belonging to an Insolvent estateO, They, bhlad not prooooded far, when tIo polleoo appeared, and apprehoended one young man, named Gourgo Jlonnot, whomr they habrged with stoliitg tit dray, Tiho rest managed to eot away, or they, likte JBonnot, would Iave to roemain in oustody until to~dny, when the oase will Ie tried by a soooed igistirateo,-N-w?as?llo /s0,towiole, The Nowcoeastio oorrespondoent of theo .Emtire says:--The evil effects arising from the working of theo rules of tie Sea. mean's sooieoty in regard to leading men to desert from their ships, where they are paid under tho amount to be received ao cording to the new rules, are seen in Newcastle in common with other seaport towns in Australia. A seaman named John Slater refused, with others, to work on board their ship Talbot, and they wore brought before the local police court, and soutoaced to twelve weeks' inprisonment in Maitland gaol. They were taken out of gaol before their time expired, in order to be put on board their ship, which was. ready for sea. The seaman Slator was determined not to go on board, and on itighting on the platform at theo Newcas tle railway station, after coming from Maitland, he resolved to commit some offence for whihob beho would be sent back to gaol. He took a pole whilch lay near, and struck at the nearest man.to himn, Mr. H. E. Hopkinson. This gentleman de olined to appear against the man for the assault, as the ship was ready for sea,anod the rmanl was wanted ou board. The sea man Slater, together with his companions, however, refused to work on board the ship, and they were taken back to the lock.up and alterwards brought again be. fore the magistrates, who inflicoted another sentence of twelve weeks' imnprisonment upon each of them, Slater getting an ad. ditional two months for to assault. TnE INVENTION O0 SPOON FIeTIINO. -Tho inventor of "spoon" fishing is said to be an old man named Do Oastlo, who, for twenty-two years, hnas been look siaster on the canal arounsr the Morris. burg Rapids, on the St. Lawreoce River. Ho had been fishling off one of those islands below thebo town with little sueceess, and, looking down from Ilis beat into tite clear, green water, could see tihe fish moving lazily about. 'In taking a pinch of snulf fromt his vest pocket be pulled out a silver sixpence, whiob, falling into the river, wont waveoring down through the water. The glitter attracted a large piokoril, which dashed for the sixpence and swallowed it. The sportsman penoo. dored over the matter, and on his return home confioscated his wife's braess kettle, and, cutting a piece out of it, soldered it to a book, and set out with his new bait. Ho bad not been long on the water before he had a very fiereoo strilo, After a strugglo of on hour be suecoceeded in land. oing thie largest fis he hod ever caught, a musoaloogo, weighlin forty-oight pounds. \- Rather an interesting person died lately in France. It was Madame Ulriobe do Beaugo, wiho was lady of honour to Mlario Antoinetto before the Revolution. She was in attendance on the queen at tht tino of the dreadful Tenooth of August, 1792, when tbo Tuilorios weas stormed and the royal family made prisoners. She was arrested with them, but lhad the good fortune to esoapo tihe guillotine. We presume she resumed her attendinee on her royal mistress, as it is recorded that abo aoompariiod her to the saooffold in October, 1793; after which she went into retirement, from whioh shel never emerged during the long remainder of her lifo. She was in her hundred and secoond year; so that shie must have beeoon eighteen at the beginning of the Revolution, and twenty.two at tbo execution of Mo?iare Antoinotto. It almost makes one' giddy to think of the whirl of ovents whioh this venerable dame has seen pass before bor, through thel loopholes of her retreat. Beginilog lifo in the dead calm which preceded :tboh Revolutionary tempest, sheo bad behold the States General, theo destruction of'thebo Bastile .the flight to Varenanes, the Convenotion, the Reign of Terror, thoe Direotory, the 18th rumaire, the 0onouleabip, thoeEmpire, the Roestorn. tion, the Hundred Days, Louis XVIII,, Oharles X,, theo three days of July, Louis Philippe, the Revolution of 1848, the Ropubllo, Coep d'cEtat, and theobastard Second. 1mpiro,.. tho Germoan Conqusot, tbohe Communo, the Paote de .Bordeaue, and L, ThIore' Rcptibliol' oFew lives hIave -witnessed snuoh varlous history- and so amoazing as blo's. FATAL ACCOIDENT AT CoLAo-T-WO LIvxas Lose-T-The 4Argu reports that on Saturday, 28th ultimo, at mid.day, during a aquall, throee schoolmaster; na?mecd IIaeafos and two brothers Smylio, who woro out in a flat-bottomed boat on lake Calao, were upset at about a mile from tie ashore. . Tiho Smylles, who wore excollonlt swimmers, placed Macoafeeoo on the boat, undressed themselves, and tried to push the boat ashore. Tihey got within 800 yards of thie shore, when thliey became exhausted, lot go the boat, and sankl. Maoafoo was resoued in an ex liausted condition, A soearobh was nmado to.day for the bodies, but they have not yet boon found, -DEPItAVITY -The Gulgong oorrespen. dent of the .dludgeo ??tes states that a frlghtful case of depravity was the subjeot of an investigation on Tuesday, 24th Decembor, in the oPolloo Curt.- A tean, named - ,John O'Brion, eommnltted an assault upon a little girl aged 11. AI. though the tmother of the lchild, know o~f the o:utraga, she mado.no .complaint, Connstable Daffy habnppaned to hear of the, affatir, and in a mostprlseoworthy tantrer tnnted up hIis mant, and founl him hiding in an, old hut at theo.oeme Rule, - Duffy brought the wretchb Info G:ulgoeng, hosn hio woas brouolut before the Commisslonor and Mlr, HI Teabluttt';i Howias eotnmltted for'trlal at tho doxt MIudaen Assizes, nloalltsus AOeIaDrNT PnOas nutt ]IeIRTINso o- A ,con0 A'vTiat. -or'hrs,-Tlho lVagga l'lwggu, ,iluverliasr says e .-On - Saturday nigh lat ia serlous neooldont occurred to the waftoreidl saimn a tn It, MrhMonk sPastoral Hotel; In Waggn. Ie hIad stloopod, it seems, to;' obtain cmo. aodnwatet r for a ott. toenir, Whoti audilnly one of the bottles xiloded,'Ibte oihiass beolrig spillt to a elsarp edge froin the neck. too.thbottom, Otto of lothe piees struck tho.barnant on the inildo of tIh' onlfof lhis log? eutting through thle tlroesorsse'and ntlllotng a forfnl gansh , Tho blobd fli?qedfroin thoe. Wound In, streames, tiid, but fdr the neatslatnion of' thoee who wltiesseod thle noeoldnt, tlsnomn would have bled,to doith, 'A cbrk wse hoitd .tightly over;the out, an'd Dr: RlRotlisin, swho was isronnptly sont for, tirrosted ttheo bleeding, ttnd ltilth0.'ufflreo· at niso jut to bed, STheoy irod two sloets ntlhnm," wrote an Irish roporter " the first ithot killed hitm, but the soopndlwau'not fatal," - ' - 