GOSSIP FB.OM PARIS. (FBOM OUR OWE CORRESPONDENT.) Paris, August 9. Theatres. — An English company is per forming Shakespearian dramas at the Atbdnde Theatre, and it is to be hoped the speculation may prove successful, bo as to induce the annual return of the pleasure. Among the difficulties to contend against are, the tropi cal season, the absence nf the " upper ten" from Paris, the theatre itself, and the mount ing of the plays. The Athenfie Theatre is the size of a band-box and a crypt. It is hnmorons getting down stairs. The stage is miserably small, no room for movement, no space that the representations of the pieces of the "divine Williams" exact to be im pressive. The costume and scenery are quite in keeping with the frame- wurk. Never were the great poet's works performed under eoch difficulties, and nothing but the positive talent uf the artistes, and the feeling that " England expects every man — and woman — to iio their duty," prevented a break down. Seven years after Waterloo the first troupe of English actors appeared in Paris. They v ere about as well received as a company of Germans wouLd be now. lathe years 1827-38 Keuible, Edmund Kean, Mac ready, and Misa Foote arrived, and were graciously received. The year 1846 witnessed another company, which no more succeeded than Wallack's sjieculation in 1855. The greatest of all failures was Mr. Sothern in 1867. "No fellah" could understand Lord Dundreary. It was a joke practised oh him, in recom mending him to try Paris. The troupe in qaestion boasts of such stars as Messre. Kbyder and Swinebourne, and Miles. Cooper and Cleveland. The pieces so far brought out comprise Hamlet and Othello, in which there is an interchange ofrfiles alter nately by the actors. Perhaps the great attraction for the French is to test their com prehension of the English language, and learn : bum authorities the parities of ite pronun ciation. Then their jadicionB applause in dicated a correct appreciation of what was beautiful. Hamlet aod Othello are intellec tual treats, rather than spectacles. The masses would prefer Macbeth to the philosophy and melancholy of Hamlet, or the devilish treachery of lago, and the qualified barbarism of Othello. The poetio Ophelia, and the "gentle .lady married to the Moor," have no occasion to solicit oar sympathy : we surren der our hearts sans conditions. Mr. Bhyder's lustres dim his otherwise excellent Hamlet ; he was effective as the Moor, perfect as lago. Mr. Swinebourne made a better ghost than his colleague, bat was inferior to Mr. Bhyder, though, at the earns time, successful in bis other characters. Perhaps both were too terribly severe, excessive realism being consi dered a weakness with the English stage. Mr. Bhyder communicates, by bis own devo tion for him, a love for Shakspeare. Laertes was admired for his fiery yonthfolness, and the first grave-digger deservedly won laurels. Miss Cleveland, as an actrice, wants style, and, in the rile of the queen, etateliness ; yet she was superb in that terrible scene where Hamlet breaks her heart in twain. Her Emilia was fair. Miss Cooper possesses the popular advantage of being handsome ; ebe has plenty of talent also, bat is deficient in stage elegance. French artistes are models in this respect. "Chez l'Avocat" is represented at the Theatre Frangaie. It is a dog-day piece, that is to say, demands no exertion to com prehend, exacts no demonstrative applause. ; M. Ducannois is the fashionable lounger for accomplishing separations ; so that there is often a tie-race between a once loving couple, to se cure his services first. As celebrated as he is, he cannot plead for both sides. His ante room is always crowded with clients, patients awaiting their tarn to be operated upon. M. and Mme. Hector have hardly been mar ried a twelvemonth, when they find they cannot live happily together ; they poBSeBS all the conditions that onght to secure them contentment in this vale of tears, bnt they are not agreed upon politics ; she iB a Bepnb- licao, he is a Monarchist All this we learn from their disputes, even in the waiting- room, and the arguments have reached a climax by the wife slapping her husband's face. At that moment, the lawyer opens his study door, invites them to enter, where they both plead their Borrows before him. Having exhausted all their wrath, they com mence to become tender, then affectionate, allow by-gones to be by- gones, and with draw like turtle doves, making their best hows to M. Ducannois, who throws a note of discord into the harmony, by assuring them that he will beat ail times happy to place him self at their service. The trifle is witty and short, and well acted, |the most laughable part being the barrister, who bas not been able " to pnt in a word " daring the argu ments, and falls back on the pantomimic accessories of shoulder-shrugs, contortions of the eyebrows; twirling thumbs, and the devil's tattoo. A speechless banister is a rara avis. The author is M. Fanl Ferrier. Vaudeville. — This theatre is resolved only to remount the ladder, after descending as far as possible into not only what is impro bable, bnt most revolting in Society. ' Auge Bosani" is a drama in three acts, by Messrs. Bergerat and Silvestre. One is surprised at these young authors so much esteemed for their wit, refined observation, and gentleness in current literature, seeking fame in the cloaca maxima of human life. Happily tile plot is without parallel, and its pruriency imaginary, Ange has married a yonng and handsome wife, and supports the honse on the proceeds of her conrtezanship. Frowned down by society, he resolves to revenge his " out raged honor" by challenging aome of hie wife's adorers, Frederick, a poor painter, is be on whom the blow mnst fall ; the artist, We are told really loveB the frail woman, and we are also asked to believe ebe einoeraly returns the passion. All Frederick did was to jump over a cliff to pick np her fan. The hnsbana wounds him slightly in the ehoaldsr with a revolver, declining to reply to ilia wife's baro ness question, "Why select Frederick snore than any of the otiteref" . Ange zs eoppoeed to, at last, entertain an affection for Iris, wife, brought about by her preference for Frederic; this jealousy leads him to parens the inter lopers ; he comes across them at Monaco; surprises his wife alone in a public walk ; .In vokes her pardon, solicits her love; the refuses ; he threatens ; she throws herself Over a precipice, the husband and Frederick arriving at the aune time to witness the header. The audience did riot beheve one mta of this stuff; while enjoyingihe occa- auaal sallies of witintke dialogues. . If Fans «mmt dismiss in " three da.ysV&iese; land of putrid dramas, shetBon the road to doing so. There is no sympathy here, or elsewhere, ior hnshand and J® reap the wages of rin,and thmr -reformation u n0 more believed m thiin!lhBt W» i" New Magdalene" after baving fiBedthe rMe jar a J®" of years of fiOLt swStiyiie that hsaretaod from business, v . - There is a great nothing irreverent for poHticalones-in Paris. , would give any terms for a first- class natural magician, as proved by its having to makeup an Oriental perfonn the stalest ot tncfcB. We are tired of Hoadin and bis BQoeeaon, of DividHome and the Davenport Brothers, rf "Speerits" started by Brntns, or called from the vasty deep. If some of those Indians who poor a pitcher of water into one ear, and cause it to flow ont by their months, like the cataract of Lodore, or who dance beet when their feet are tied to logs of wood, or swathe a lad in cords to enable him to ran quicker to Benares, and throat swords into the basket where be had lodged to prove his new departure has been accomplished, here, n"lTe8 'wtmld reap a golden harvest Musm. — Nothing bnt the occasional revival — m a hole and comer way— of operas to bring ont new artistes, to revive forgotten <?eB| 2r tofcosform the existing. Thus, the " Opera Comiqae " has produced Herald's Za.rn.pa, to entitle Melchisafidic to fill the rwe of the dashing brigand, for which, how ever, he has neither style, appearance, nor taste; nor can his voice adapt itself to the music, which, though written ostensibly fora tenor voice, bas in the scale notes so low as to suit a baritone, and, indeed, Lablache felt at home in it onoe npon a time in Italy. Zampa is Fra JHavolo and Don Juan combined. The "National Opera" has revived Africaine, chiefly to find a successor to Madame Basse; who has left, and Mademoiselle Hisson, who is hopelessly ill. The new d&vtaiOe; is Ma demoiselle Mandit, who, more than half-a- dozen years ago, shot np into tome like a rocket, bnt came down, Ac. Meyerbeer's music in too difficult for her. Her Zilika leaves everything to be desired; she has to force her voice where it ought to be hus banded, and she shared the astonishment of the audience in being so suddenly raised to a prima-donnaship. She has much, not only to learn, bnt to an learn. This said, her execu tion of the duet in the fourth act with Tasco was very fair. France is not niggardly in voting funds for tile maintenance of the " Conservatoire," or Academy of Mimic. It has battalions of famed professors for all the departments of music, vocal as well as instrumental, for training pupils for the stage, Ac. Admission is open to all candidates who piss the matri culate examination, and the rewards, in the form of remunerative artistic employment, from the moment ability is declared, are cer tain and secure. Vet, year after year, the pnblio examinations develop no marked talent, still less a genius. In ringing and pianoforte playing, the female pupils are, as a rule, superior to the males ; in declamation — that is, tragedy and light comedy — the gentlemen are nngallant enough to surpass the ladies. Snch is the general character of this season's public examinations, now closed. The judges have been commendably severe ; the students who obtained a first prize habi tually left the institution as " finished ;" to force them to remain and study — the " bine ribbon " is rarely awarded. Auber, when director of the academy, so well knew this weakness, that when he desired to eject dullards he ever awarded them the first prize. Fashions. — Once a becoming article is ex tensively patronised, it is voted unfashion able. Thus, sentence of death has been passed npon toilettes composed of white pea spots on a blue ground. Bine linen, with white embroidery, or trimmed with white guipure, is the height of elegance. In the way of materials, everything white is in season, from a morning-dress of piqui with black velvet revert, and enfis with a eilver- frnsted cuanoniere, to the long white polonaise for the afternoon, trimmed with lace and looped back with bows, very high on the rides. For promenades and carriage-drives, as well as at the seaside or in the country, white tnlle veils are preferable to black, or black with white spots. These latter are de rigueur in the town. Dust is very in convenient, and exacts materials off which it can glide, rather than to remain iucrosted. It is thus that the new cathe paussiire is as indispensable as the waterproof. It is gene rally made np in mohair, and of the eameshade as the toilette. For example, a grey mohair cos tume composed of a plain jnpon, trimmed with plaited or fringed flounces, with blonse ad justed behind and floating before, with straw hat in harmony and enveloped in a bine or maroon gauze veil, and then the mohair cache ptmsdere, form a toilette fit to make the tonr of the world. The pupitere basque, forming a ledge over the panier, is still in great favour, and Venetian-eat work ib be ing rapidly embroidered. For the sea Bide, black straw hate with bine ribbon and a Spanish favour at the ride, are veiy general, or straw in maroon, raised at one side by a bow of ribbon with streamers, and a tuft of flowers surmounting alL The casaque dem- adjnsted A revere, buttoning to one side, and the petit pelarioe trimmed like a polon aise, are also in great request. The Trianon parasol is a necessity, having both ends as long as an alpeo-stock. The pelarines are generally lined with coloured silk correspond ing either with the bowB of the tunic or the under petticoat. The Barege shawl, modelled after that worn by the peasant girls of the Pyrenees, are in request tor cool evenings; it is too light to dis tort) a head dress, and fleecy enough to pro tect the shoulders. The Shah has suggested an Astrakan hat, a kind of elevated fez, with a visor in front, with a ganze veil wound round it, the ends uniting in the ceuiture and looped finally at the side. Hate are made np in linen and mnslin, to match toilette ; a large bow of ribbon at one side, knots of ribbon and a wing or an aigrette, the same in bastile or dcro, consists of email plaits bordered with Valenciennes, and ornamented with ribbons and flowers. The Angot hat is made in Eng lish straw, with clear mignonette ribbon, and a toft of roses at the- ride. Ladies in the country patronise striped silk stockings and Fenelon shoes — not at all becoming. Sim plicity is the best of Fashion guides. Side combs are in favour. 