Wijt Bep "Fides ct Jubtitia." THURSDAY JULY 3. 1873. With this issue the jjresent proprietor begins a fourth year. And the occasion cannot be allowed to pass without noticing the circumstance that we are yet in the land of the living; and more, we trust, ■with sinews hardened, and nerves in work ing order; ready for any emergency; in robust health, and good training; afraid of nobody, caring for no opposition, "smil ing serenely at the efforts of all enemies; no even experiencing a spasm of uneasi ness at the great united Scandinavian phalanx all the way from Copenhagen, which, although of the soap-bubble nature, swells itself, like all bubbles, in would-be exaltation over more humbly constituted organisms. We are careless of, inde pendent of the little tricks of Auckland street; and why ? the public backs us up; with all our faults aud i-hoi'tcomings, a discerning public seas that we are doing our work, perhaps as well as it is possible to >vork in the circle our *work lies ui. ■The public knows we have never counted cost when u public abuse was to be ex posed ; that we have never cared for the self-opinion of any jpuong-duing individual in this community; and, if at times, we have been thought to hit out tog hard, we can only say, that, when peace is broken, vigorous strokes must be expected. * Our thanks aie due *o those who have stuck to us for the past three years, and their patronage and support it will be our pleasing duty still to strive for. After three years our subscribers know us pretty. well, and therefore we need say no .more about ounselvesT'' j;ceut;tbiftiuote -fWn n. writer a small ■Seisin upon our editorial efforts, partly in extenuation of the sliort-comings of -which no one can be more acutely conscious than we our .jgilves are*— IS " It is not all misfortune, disappoint ment, to the man in his vocation, so long he is morally worthy of it; bo long as he can pursue it honestlyj patiently, and affectionately, for its own dear Rake. Let him work though ever so obscurely, in this spirit towards his labour, and he shall find the labour itself its own exceeding great reward. In that reward lives the divine ^consolation, which, though Fame turns her back upon him contemptuously, and Affluence, pass over unpitying to the otber side oi the way, shall still pour oil on all his wounds, and take ' hiin quietly and tenderly to tlie hard journey s end To this one exhaustless jTsolace, which the work, no matter of what degree,"can yield always to the earnest workers, the man who has succeeded * scad, the man who hat failed, can turn alike, as "to -a common mother—the one from refuge from mean envy, and'-'slanderous hatred ; the'other from all the petly tyrannies he is fated to undergo*" ' Newppaiier. readers must often be pain fully jjffficted by perusing the many cases of suicide recorded by the colonial press. In the barbarous times of the past, those who laid violent hands upon their own lives were buried in a cross-road; whilst, to prevent their ghosts from haunting the I scene of their lives, a stake was driven through the body. We are not aware that this custom yet survives. Our to da}' people are a shade more enlightened, a trifle better educated, more humanised in thought and action, more kindly thoughtful towards the misfortunes of their kind ; and when we read of suicide, we at once charitably say—"The poor creature could not have been sane." We cannot put our hands upon 'statis tics ; but, writing from memory, it seems to us that life in our Australian colonies is unfavourable^*) the preservation of that due balance of mental • powers termed sanity. Oases of mental aberration ai'e very, common; self-inflicted death, whilst thus ailing, the frequent termination. Scores of causes conspire to fill our Tarbans and Yarra Bends. We might indicate the violent change experienced by, the refined and educated in coming from the influence of all the tender surround ings of European home life to the isolation neglect, roughness, bearishness of the colonial scramble for wealth. Excess in the use of the poisonous alcholic drinks served out at the low bush publics is a fruitful promoter of insanity. To these specially colonial causes may be added those noticed in the home countries: Disease, superstition, study, habits occu pation, hereditary predisposition, etc., all influencing the minds of men and women, and promoting mania, idiotcy, hypochon driasis, epilepsy, illusion, monomania, and other classes of mental disorganisation which, as medical statistics prove to us, enter largely into the order of causes that remarkably shorten the mean duration of life. Nothing can be more melancholy than the wreck of reason. The once kind father directs his mad fury against those he loves best; the mother forgets her protecting instincts, and slays her child; the philosopher " confounds, heaven, earth, and hell, his domestic affaire, affections, politics and l-eligionthe monomaniac forgets all moral and family ties, and labors at his one great controlling hobby ; the individual formerly conspicuous by an observance of all the virtues, is . now a thief, deceiver, liar, murderer ; the hypojj chondriac fancies himself dead, or changed into some piece of mechanism ; in others illusion compels them to believe that sundiy animals have taken abode in their bodies, that they are " possessed of devils,'* or that they haVe no body. Others can hold their hands or feet in a fire till the flesh is charred off, or drink draughts of boiling water, apparently unconscious of pain or injury. Others stare fixedly at the sun, or shout till voice fails them. As Copland says : " All large asylums con tain maniacs of pride ; princes, sovereigns great dignatar&s;, and even gods themselves are not rare- Vanity is observed in all its extravagance, furnishing the best lesson to the vain fools "who strut their hour on the stage of morderiv society. Painters, musicians, aud artists of all kinds appear among those whose education has not been directed to the arts. Vision aries of all kinds abound; some apply themselves incessantly to the solution of the greatest problems of nature, or of the most difficult questions in metaphysics, religion, politics, political economy, etc., although -uneducated: and prophets, saints and martyrs are not uncommon." Such are some of the actions of the insane, from whose condition we cannot but be too thiJikful for preservation; for although in England from 25 to 50 per cent of patients recover, the chances of recovery are said to be much less in Aus tralia. One of the most recent istances of mental depression leading to felo de se we clip from the "Australasian." "Alexander Forbes, landlord of the Culloden Hotel, Geelong, killed himself with strychnine. Deceased was a sober man; but, as he said, "I was worried." He added that tbe boys bad bothered him about his afiairs, and tliat as he was o£-, no use oil the face of the earth, he thought, that he had better.be He was foncl| of his children. He was generally re served, but of late jseemed weak. His circumstances were gbt so good||jg%they had been, and business was dull lgH^Jtiad bills to meet'that he could not'fsj^OB. at tended solely to his business, and was always sober and fit for his duties, but was weak in health. He was -seen frequently sitting in deep dejection in silence before the fire, quite abstracted.. The family had always lived on. the best of terms. Some friends at Jiome _ had fallen into reduced circumstances, and the fact that he could not remit them money seemed to^srey on his mind, and bis son in-law had been out of employment for; months, which added to his depression. A letter written bv him to his son said:— " Dear George,—You may think it very quick to write after you, but I expect you and Sandy had better come home as soon as you can, for I expect I will be no more to-night, for my brain is turning, and I am getting tired of myself so you had 1 better make the best of everything. There is a letter from my sister. Answer it. Tell her T have no money for her. Be kind to Bessie and her children, for I am very fond of them. I hope you will forgive me for my rash act, but I cannot j help it. I am going to take poison.' Good-bye te all. Silex Forbes. Write' home to my brother William." The jury" returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased had committed suicide while in -a. state of temporary insanity. ■* ; 