[ OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. I . TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2. i THE Legislative Council created a sensation on Tuesday evening when, contrary to general expectation they " laid aside " the Electoral Bill for altering the present law regulating the representation of the people in the Assembly. It was expected that they would make a stand in favour of the ratepaying qualification and the light of dual voting in respect of properties in different electorates, and it was known that the proposed increase in the number of members was not regarded with favour, but it was thought that the Upper House would deal with these details in committee. The reasons given, I however, for " laying aside " the . bill without reading it a second time were that there was no demand for such a measure of reform out of doors that its introduction had been attended with no expression of public opinion any- where that the responsibility of dealing with this bill had been unfairly thrown upon that House? by the want of an organised Opposition in, the Assembly, that there was nothing to recommend the attempt to establish one-House constituencies beyond its mere novelty that there was no necessity for any increase in the number of members from seventy-eight to ninety, and that the abolition of the ratepayers' qualification appeared to have been made without rhyme or reason, and was destructive of the rights of property. This it must be confessed was rather a formidable bill I of indictment against the measure and what rendered it all the more weighty was that so much could be said in support of each of its counts. There might have been some show of reason in asking for a readjustment of the electoral districts on account of the fluctuations in the state of the population, but none for a completely new measure at least, this is what the majority in the Council think, and a good many people outside are of the same opinion. Of course, there has been an attempt to make a crisis" out of this action of the Council, and there has been a great cry raised in Parliament. and the Press of the Constitution in danger ; but the general public is exhibiting the most apathetic indifference about the matter, and, with the exception of thorough-paced politicians, the subject does' not find a place in the chit-chat of the railway trains or the dining-rooms. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy and Mr. Higinbotham took occasion on two consecutive evenings to unbosom themselves with regard to the attempts of the Council to rule the country by overruling the Assembly ; but then these two gentlemen can expect to do but little against their foe, when their hostility to each other is no less violent than their feeling against their mutual enemy. The grounds upon which the attempt is being made to get up a crisis over this affair may be gathered from any one of a dozen extracts which might be given from articles or speeches ; but the following, from the leading democratic journal,' will do as well as any other : " By asserting the light to undo any or all of the legislation which the Assembly submits to it, the Council makes itself the master of the situation in every respect. It assumes in fact, the long-disused Royal prerogative of the veto. If it can on every occasion and under all circumstances say to the Assembly, ' This' shall not be, or This shall be-,' without reference to the opinion of the country, the intentions of the popular House, or to the policy of the Government, it is plainly the sovereign and absolute arbiter in the conduct of public affairs, in a word, it subvert the Constitution." A crisis cannot be worked up by such, fallacious reasoning as this, which means if it means anything that the Council is not to be a co- ordinate branch of the Legislature, that it is to have now all of its own, but is obsequiously to record the views of the Assembly. The course which has been taken has not been adopted with a contemptuous disregard of what was due to the Assembly and the country, for after stating the grounds upon which the bill was considered to be uncalled for, the House, instead of rejecting it, merely laid it on the shelf, from which it could be taken down during the present session if there was any probability of its being converted into an acceptable measure. A less pretentious bill re- adjusting electoral boundaries and adapting representation to population would probably have passed without difficulty, but the bill now in suspension goes a great deal further, and contains provisions which have never been asked for or suggested out of Parliament. Moreover, this Reform Bill of the one House cannot be taken alone but as part of a general reform of Parliament, which comprised a similar measure dealing with the other House, and which two measures were afterwards to be embodied in a consolida- tion bit), now it is admitted on all hands that the Council reform bill had not the ghost of a chance of being passed by that House, and even if it had there is very little probability that the Assembly would have endowed it. What can be thought by our friends in the other colonies if this outcry against the Council for suspending a bill of which one of the more clamorous of the journals admits that " it cannot be denied that the country at large is indifferent on the matter," and that " a considerable number of members of the Assembly who voted for the bill have expressed their satisfaction that it is practically rejected." Mr. Francis announced that the Government representative in the Council would endeavour to get the bill restored to the paper, and that if it were absolutely rejected an early opportunity would be taken to appeal to the constituencies ; moreover, that a reform of the Upper House would be the prime question to be put to the country. The members of Council, however, are masters of the situation, and the present cause of quarrel has too many weak points about it to render it a matter of much concern to them. The Savings Bank Bill was read a second time on Tuesday last, in the Assembly, by a much larger majority than was generally expected. The fact is that the friends of the old savings banks had wrought themselves into a phrenzy of opposition to the measure, and had over-estimated their strength. They had been too little observant of what is patent enough to those who see the effect the payment of members has had on the House in the face of an approaching dissolution. Those who look to this as their chief if not their only means of living will do nothing to jeopardise their position, and that has turned the present session of Parliament into a mere blank. The tone of the debates had certainly encouraged the opponents of the measure in the belief that they would be able to defeat it on the second reading ; but the House is thoroughly demoralised, and consequently not to be depended upon. This bill will therefore pass the Assembly, and probably be sent up to the Council without any material alteration, but when it gets there, it may share the fate of the measures which have preceded it. The first and chief ground of opposition to the Electoral Bill if taken against the Savings' Bank Bill may be used against it with even more force. The country has undoubtedly not called for it, but has on the contrary declared against it, so far as opportunities of or¡doing[so have presented themselves. Although there is no doubt that the officials of the savings' banks have been the movers in the agitation, and the depositors have been aroused to action by the threatened reduc- tions of their incomes looked at dispassionately there can be very little said against the proposed amalgamation, for it is absurd to keep two machines going to perform a work which can be done by one, and if either is to be dispensed with it obviously must not be the one which is capable of universal usefulness, but that which can only be applied within very restricted limits. The Permissive Bill is getting more roughly handled this session than during either of the two last The bloom has got rubbed off the question and alas for the vanity of human expectations ! there seems to be a determination this session to talk the bill out of the House. This is very mortifying to its friends, and contrary to what Mr. Casey and Mr. Higinbotham led the teetotalers to believe would be the case at the opening of the session. They should merely have to introduce it (they said in effect and send it up to the Council without any further formal discussion. The present difficulties, however, are no 1 other than might have been expected, seeing that this piece of fancy legislation is in the hands of men not abstainers themselves, and that the abstainers at their back are devoid of that earnestness which is so necessary to ensure success. There is not the remotest chance for the billin the Council, if it should even pass the Assembly. The erection of the new Government stock is an idea which will hereafter probably bring more honour to Mr. Langton than one is receiving for it at present. He has had to encounter difficulties at every step, and has in some respects been brought face to face with obstacles which have been the natural result of his own mistakes. In the controversy, however, which has lately been carried on in the Press upon the question of the gain or loss to the State on the transaction of a conversion of 6 per cent, debentures into 4 per cent stock, the friends of the Treasurer seem to have the best of it His opponents sought to make it appear that the country would, in the end, lose something like £6 upon each such conversion. The Argus, however, took the other side of the question and recently endeavoured to prove that instead of a loss there would at the end of the ten years which the debentures have yet to run, be a positive gain to the State of £4 15s. 4d. on each debenture after allowing ga premium of £13 upon the conversion-that is to say giving £113 of the 4 per cent, stock for each £100 debenture bearing (3 per cent, interest. In answer to a challenge from the Opposition the same journal has now carried the calcula-' tions on for twenty-five years, and by bringing compound interest into the account the present value of the £100 debenture is shown i to be 116 7s., while the present value of the £113 stock being, of course, £113, there is a gain in the exchange of £3 7s. in favour of the State, and that this sum, placed at compound interest (payable half-yearly) for the twenty-five years, would be augmented to £9 0s. 4d. The answer to this is that compound interest is not possible without a sinking fund, for which no provision is made. The question is one for an actuary rather than for newspaper readers in general. and we all know how fallacious are figures. This controversy has only served as an additional illustration of the old axiom, for each side appears to make out the most plausible case, the actual truth probably being that our Audit Commissioners and actuaries have arrived at a fair equivalent for the debentures in fixing the sum to be given on new stock at £113, and that the advantage, if any, in the exchange is in favour of the State. One of the questions looming in the future, and which is destined to occupy the public mind probably during the next general election is a ' revision of our system of taxation. The last two or three great agitations have been over the revision of our tariff in the interest, as supposed, of local manufactures. Now, however, the tendency in men's minds is rather towards the abolition of Customs duties and the imposition of a fairer amount of taxation on acquired property. During the recent discussions in the Assembly on the action of the Upper House in a refusing to pass the Reform Bill of the Assembly, Mr. Higinbotham sounded the key-note of this new agitation, and it met with a pretty general and favourable echo from both sides of the House. The animus which prompted the allusion to the proposed change was of course palpable. The members of the Council are treated as the possessors and representatives of the landed wealth of the colony, and Mr. Higginbotham desires to reach them in that way which shall make them feel the punishment most severely. Apart from this immediate moving cause, however, there is a strong and a growing feeling in favour of the direct taxation of property, for the proposing of which, before it was ripe three years ago, Sir James M'Culloch , v, as driven from office. Incidental to this discussion, allusion has been made to the manifest tendency here, as in England, of property to accumulate in few hands. One gentleman's name has been mentioned as the owner of a million sheep running over his own and the public lands, and who has just added to his estates by the purchase of another at the price of £250,000. This latter is the sum which Mr. Learmonth, one of our oldest settlers in the Ballarat district, realises for his well- known estate of Ercildoun, besides the product of other smaller properties. The case might have been mentioned on a near neighbour of Mr. Learmonth's who has recently refused £200,000 for his freehold estate, with the stock now depasturing upon it. 