MY PORTFOLIO. Fair Adelaide and False Aethue. A Ballad of the North Countrie. As it fell out one July day Two lovers sat side by side, There was Arthur the bold, and fair Adelaide, Our gay Civil Service's pride. " I see no harm by you, Adelaide, And you see none by me; Before many days are past and gone I'll make things pleasant for thee. "Before many days are past and gone Thy Arthur's choice thou shalt be, And my gallant Scott shall lead thee home To my hall in the North Countrie." Out spake Sir William of Everard, " On the far Victorian strand Dwells a maiden fair—her sire was a Knight More worthy your noble hand." Fair Adelaide sat in her bower-window Beading a missal brown, When she saw false Arthur and his new choice Come riding through the town. Then down she dropped her missal brown, And eke she sighed full sore ; " Come bind up my head, my seven brethren, For soon I shall be no more." When day was gone and night was come, And sleep was o'er the land, Her spirit came to false Arthur's bed And stood at his right hand, "Are you asleep, Sir Arthur," she said, " Or can you hear my voice ? Oh, give me joy of my shattered hopes, And you of your Melbourne choice!" When day was come and night was gone, And dawn began to beam, False Arthur said to his merry men four "I have had a gruesome dream. " I dreamt a dream, my merry men four; Such dreams may ill betide ! I dreamt I saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at my bedside." " Such dreams, such dreams, my Chief so bold, Such dreams may ill betide ! To dream you saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at your bedside." Bold Arthur called to his merry men stout By one, by two, by three; Saying " We'll away to the Parliament House, And see what hap may be." Then up they rose, his merry men stout, Sir Lavyngton rose and ran, With Bright, Sir Arthur's little foot page, And Charley, his serving-Mann. And when he came to the Parliament House He knocked with knightly din; And who so bold as the seven brethren When false Sir Arthur came in. There foremost stood vain-glorious Ward,* Whose words like mill-wheels run. With Krichauff, skilled in forest craft, And learned Stevenson. Hard-headed Pearce and Bray so brisk With wrath were boiling o'er, Wasp-Erskiae too, and high-flown Hughes, Who wrangled evermore. Oh, then outspake the seven brethren, They spake in angry tone; " Why take ycu up with your Melbourne choice While Adelaide sighs alone ?" "If I took up with my Melbourne choice It seemed most meet to me That she with my gallant Scott should ride To my hall in the North Countrie. "Deal on, deal on, ye seven brethren! But note full well this sign; If to-day ye weep for fair Adelaide's death, Ye shall weep to-morrow for mine." Fair Adelaide sighed, fair Adelaide wept, But hers was a bootless sorrow, For as loud as they spake, those seven brethren, False Arthur survived the morrow. MORAL. Take heed, take heed, ye young men all To Parliament who go, And seek not yeur love on the Melbourne strand Or the choice may work you woe. That ill-starred choice may work your fall By Parliament's accord, For it may not be your good hap to see The foe led on by Ward. 