FICTION. (From EflglUb. American, and other Periodical*.) A LEAP MTfíE DARK; OE, WEDDED YET N0 WIFE. BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER VI.-(Continuai) All through the five acts of the melodrama that night, Duke'e thoughts were away in Park Lane, and he played false notes, and sometimes forgot to play altogether. It was an unutterable relief when the curtain fell, and the audience poured out into the starlit night, and he was free to think as he pleased. It was just eleven He turned away from the theatre, and his feet half unconsciously took lum to Park Lane He found the house he sought easily enough-a big, black looking house-many lights gleamed along ils aristocratic front A little farther down, along string of carriages blocking the way told of a gay party " I wonder if she is at it?" Duke thought, " I wonder why she couldn't have fixed one in the morn ing, instead of three 9 How am I to get through the next two hours?' The moon was shining bnllianti}, the stars were numberless, the night mild as midsummer This, at least, was a consolation, he thrust his hands in his aurtout pockets, and plodded leisurely along, whist- ling plaintively What could she want of him ? Would she carry him off to Paris? Any human creature persistent enough could always do as they pleased with poor Duke Was Rosanna asleep by this fame, or stall keeping vigil ? " Itfs my opinion "Rosanna could Bit up for a month, without a wink of sleep, and be none the worse for it," thought Rosanna'a only brother. " I wonder if she really sleeps at allp She may, but it's like the weasel's, with one eye open. For Rosanna Mason to snoie a long winter night through, in forgetfulness of the world and its wickedness, must simply be impossible If I do run away to Pans witn Miss Lynduh, I'll never dare to face her again-never 1" Two I by the numberless city steeples. Duke Lt a cigar, and seated himself in an open square, where the trees made long shadows m the moonlit grass, and the lamps waxed dim in its silvery rays what a strange, long night it was-would he ever forget it -and how was it going to end? Half-past two ! He started up. He was a couple ef miles away from Park Lane-it would be three when he reached it. Still smoking, he hastened on. One or two " guardians of the night" glanced at him inquiringly-one ortwobelatedpedestnanshe passed, a few hansom cabs tore by him with the haste of abnormal hoars, but the aristocratic streets of the West End lay Very still under the stars. A feeling of awe carne over the y oui g man as he glanced up at that glorious sky, and thought of Ham " Who keeps the vast and silent city while it sleeps." The big black house in Park Lane loomed up before him as the Clocks tolled three. AU waa dark and quiet now. The string of carnages had vanished-the party three doors off had broken up early. He leaned against the area railings, looking up at the dismal unlighted mansion, when a cold hand was suddenly and swiftly laid on tis. He started, and barely suppressed an exclamation, he had heard no sound, yet here by his side stood a woman. " Hush 1" said a voice, " not a sound. You are Duke Mason ?" "I am." *- " Tell me the name of her who sent for yon ?" " Olivia Lyndith." I " Thank Heaven ! Come down-tread softly." He descended the area steps, and stood beside her. She was a tall young woman, but she was not Miss Lyndith, "Iamtfachild'smirte," the- girl said, answering that look. " Take off your shoes. The least noise may betray na." Duke obeyed. Her description of herself was rather unintelligible, though. The child's nurse 1 and what had be to do with children ? Miss Lyn- dith wasn't-a child, by any means. What did ehe mean? There was no time to ask questions. He removed nie shoes, and followed her into the basement regions, up a flight of steps, and found himself ."n a lofty-domed and carpeted halL The moon's rays ahone brightly, and tall marble statues gleamed like ghosts in its light. A great staircase, carved, and gilded, went up in majestic sweeps to the regions above. ' A thick, soft carpet muffled the tread, as Duke followed her to a second stately hall, hung with pictures, and lighted by a large Maltese win- dow. Many doors were on either side ; one of these ehe opened, motioning the wondering Duke to fol- low, and he found himself in a spacious and elegant ante-chamber, dimly lighted by two wax candles an apartment more luxurious and beautiful than any the scene painter had ever beheld. " Thti Coral Caves of The Dismal Deep are very dazzling abodes, rio doubt," be thought, " but for permanence give me a big black house in Park lane." " Wait here," the girl said, laconically. A second after, lifting a heavy crimson curtain, that draped an arch, she let it fall, and disappeared. " It's uncommonly like the Arabian Nights," mused Mr. Mason, taking a seat on a velvet fauteuil, " where Aben Hassan falls asleep at toe gates of Bagdad, and wakes to find himself in gorgeous chambers, and beside the dazzling Princess of China. I shall awake presently, no doubt, and hear the men in the mews over the way rubbing down their horses, and the little chimney sweep up- stairs starring on his morning's work." He paused. Again the curtain was lifted by tho ser- vant, and this time Miss Oh via Lyndith herself ap- peared. Duke rose. She wore a flowing white dress- ing gown, her abundant hair hung loose over her shoulders, her large eyes looked bigger and blacker than ever in her small, pale face Again she took bis band in both her own, as on that memorable night, when they had parted, and looked at him with her dark, solemn eyes. " I knew you would come," she said. " I knew I might trust you. I have sent for you on a matter of life and death to me. To-morrow-nay-tc-dav -u my vMddxng day " " Ob, indeed 1" Mr Mason responded, feeling that politeness required him to say something, and won- dering if young ladies generally regarded their wed ding days as matters of life and death, and what .he could possibly want of him m this state of affairs "I am surrounded by enemies, who call themselves my friends, and m whose power I am. I am going to marry a man whom I neither love nor respect-a man whom I fear For myself it does not so much matter I don't care what becomes of me," there waa a desperate recklessness m her tone and look, that suited her words, " but there is one m this house, whom I do love, whom I wish to save from the men who have made my life miserable It is a child To obtain possession of her, I have pro- mised to marry the man of my guardian's choice This very day, immediately after the ceremony I start for Italy, and she remains behmd m the power of Geoffrey Lyndith I cannot trust him-I will not trust him-her life would be blighted as her mother's baa been. She must be removed out of their know- ledge and out of their power. That is why I have «ant for you I have notafriendl dare trust-they are all my uncle's friends, and her birth is a DEAD SECRET WUlyou take her away with you to-night? will yon keep her, and bring her up, as your own ?-you, and your sister You shall be well paid, and if it is ever m my power, I will claim her Don't refuse, bare pity on me, her most wretched mother, Lave pity on her-a helpless babe You have a kind heart ion helped me before Help me now, and may [eaven reward you '" She clung to his ann-passionate tears stood in bar proud eyes. Duke stood absolutely transfixed. "Yon shall be well rewarded. See! bereis this pocket-book, it contains one hundred pounds, all I Eave now, hat I will send you more. Take it, take it You teiU not refuse-you cannot. Wait one instant, and I will fetch her." Shs darted away. Dake stood looking blankly at the Russian leather pocket- book, in his hand. A Child-her childi-his head was in an utter whirl. She came back in a moment, holding a bundle, wrapped in a shawl, in her arms. She flung this wrap back, as she came close to Dake, and he saw the cherub face of a sleeping child. «She has been drugged to keep her quiet-she will net awake for an hoar. See what a lovely little angel she ia ! Ob, my darling ! my darling! my darling !" She covered the baby-face with passionate kisses. With her wild loose hair, her wilder eyes, her frantic manner, she seemed like a creature half distraught. On the instant, far away in the house, they all heard til« sound of an opening door. The servant ap- peared in alarm. "Miss Olivia, do you hear that? He must go. Mik Lyndith has the ears of a cat, and the eyes, I MMeve. Give him the child, and let him go for jrtjVssake?" SShe absolutely took the child from the arms that I pressed it so convulsively, wrapped the shawl closer I around it, and caught Duke's hand. " Come I" she said, " there's not a moment to lose." "Be good to it! be good to it!" Miss Lyndith cried, "as you hope for salvation, be good to my child." 8he sank down in a great carved and gilded chair a small white figure, and burying her face in her bands, her suppressed sobbing filled the room. So Duke's last glance saw her as he quitted it. Be- yond that,' '-* oh indeed !" he had not spoken a word -be bad not been five minutes in the house alto- gether. Like one in a dreamy swoon, he followed ' the nurse through halls and stairways, until once more they stood under the stars. " Put on your shoes," the girl said, " yon will find a cab stand over in that direction. The baby will sot awake until you get home." She pressed the child upon him. He took it mechanically-mechanically descended the area .taps, looked back, and found the girl gone. What was he to do? It would never do to stand titre, and be discovered by a passing policeman, -with-asuspicious bundle m his arms Still, like a man m a dream, ho started forward in the direction the gul had pointed out, found the cab stand, and in five minutes more was rattling ov er the stou} streets, Bloomsburj-ward Then he opened the shawl Da} was brightl} breaking, ind the first little pink raj atole m and kis'eathc lovel} sleeping f ice, framed in tiny flaxen culls I A baby ' and he was taking it home This was how the adventure of this night had ended And he had said he would be painting at the Royal Britan- nia until daylight " Powers above!" thought Mr Mason, his ver} heart seeming to die within him " WHAT will Rosanna say ?" 