MONETARI AN]) COMMERIC1AL. s.oNDoN, Feb. '., An American fandinn loan of 3,000 million dollars (?) is announced. Bank stocks are strong, but the: sto.ck market generally is , dull. Railway. and.. telegraph companies' shares are buoyant. Debentures.-Victorian fives, 107; New Zealand Consolidated fives, 103k.; New Zealand sixes, 113; South Australian- sixes, lor g.date, 117 ;'Tasmanian sixes, 1111. Banks.-Australasiai, 531; Union, :.44; South Australian, 32; London Chartered, 23. Tallow remains steady, mutton at. 41 to , 45, beef 38 to 41 ; Sydney oil, £32; petro leum, Is 8d.; Wallaroo copper, £23 tin. £146; New Zealpnd hemp,' £30 to £36. Wheat is inactive: . Arrived.-M3acduff, from Melbourne (Oct, 26). , The:Kilmore FreePress of last week gives an account of the accidental death of Mr. John Kelly Trainor, one of the oldest resi dents of Kilmore, being identified with the place about thirty years, during which time he took an active part in public affairs. He was for many years territorial magistrate and member of the Kilmore Borough Council. The unfortunate gentlemen, who was uni- versally respected, met his death by being run over while assisting his son to harness a young horse. It is said that the master of a' well-known State School in Geelong has got liimselfinto. difficulties through refusing to admit poor children, and afterwards taking in those who,. happened to be a little better dressed. With respect (says the Geelong Advertiser) to the supply of books, slates, ink, and pencils, the teachers will be glad when something definite has been arranged aibout them, Numbers of children are being 'sent to schools whoso parents are too poor to pay for these articles, and there is ino 10 per cent. outof the school fees from .which to provide them.. Con sideriung their salaries have been reduced the teachois think it qiuite enough it. they pay for ink pens, and pencils. A tad accident (says the ArqgssJ happeied to Mr. Peter Libertouche, of the Roads and Bridges department, on Saturday. Be had been staying at Mr. Benn's station, near SchlnapperPoint, naid went out on.. Saturday morning on a shooting expedition. While firing at parrots the gun bur;t, and. inflicted a severe lacerated wound on his left hand, all the hand except the forefinger and thumb being blown away. He was driven to Scbhnap per Pointand thence to the Melbourne Hospital where he arrived in the evening. Mr. Gillbee5 surgeon, who had beem sent for, found- it necessary to amputate the hand at the wrist. No other ill effects are anticipated to result from the wound. He was still in the hospital last night, progressing as favourably as could be expected from the nature of the injuiry. When . Mr.. Labertou'che was wounded he was alone, and had to run half a mile till hlie met a gentleman who bound uip the arm. Fortunately_ the wound did not bleed much, owing to, it being. lacerated, During the amputation Mr.' Labertouche displayed much coolness and bore the opera tion with remarkable fortitude. He had not previously handled a gun for 20 years. A poor nman named John Seymour, 74 years of age, who resided with his son near Wallan Wallan, met with.a lamentable death on Sunday the 19th 'inst. It seems li he had a great dread of fire, and in order to get rid of some briishwood, &c.;, . which hd thought would be very dangerous had any fire broken out'in the neighborhood, he attempted to get it burnt off at a favorable time to provide agaitist such contingenicy. After setting the stuff on fire it is conjectured the poor man must have become paralysed at the sight of it, at all events he remained apparently bound to the spot where his':remains were discovered reduced to a mere cinder.. Dr. Mackay, of Lancefield, subsequently held ana inquest on the remainsafid a iterdict in ac cordance with thie faets'related was returned. -Kilmore Free Press. The particumilars of an extraordinary yield from a recent thr.eshing have been cone.. nmunicated to the Gips Land 1T'imes by a Briagolong correspondenit ': 0From seven acres of oats 112 bags were obtained, being. an average of nearly 70 bushels to the acre, 'The wheat yielded 45 and the- barley over. 50 bushlIs to the acre. The land from which this rich return was obtauined was well tilled and the seurifier fully used before the graii4 was sown." " The ways that are dark" of the iheathen Chinee were illnmmitiaed alittle at" the City Police Couit yesterday, if the story told by one Ah Png can be believed. A' Pang was charged with 1unacy, it was sitd it the in stance of;Fonig Siiig, a countryman, bus he. had been cemanded and exiomined by medical men, and ?.as now deld'red to be quiite save. Through i an interpreter lie said he was troubled with a pretty .wife''amed Lillie, whom Fong Sing coveted, and n hence the attgnmpt by Fong Sing to get him' into the lunatic asylum. 'Mr. Call, P.;M., discharged Ah Pang, and said that ifhe were satisfied of the truth of his:.ntatement he would 0srder'a warrant to be isbued against Fung Sfin.-. Argus SatUrday. ' 'It is reported that ii German edition of th New York Heerad 4. about to be issuced, ' We. learn, from : thie iarianya Chronicle that on Monday last Constable Mhllaney met with a very severe accident, while on duty, by the lhorise li? wais r'iding throwing. itself backwards, falling' oniim, end bruisin' him considerably about hliis hip and side.-: Fortunately .no bones weie bioken. Launcaster is to' be erected?into a Roman Catholie bishopric, and.the di 'cese of Liver-: 'pool will be 'created: an archdiocese; An'extraordiniry athletic feat is recorded by the Y'elsdon Eaami-ini: At the Ferry Christmas sport, in? tlhe .Whiraui, a man engaged to run 'a quarter of a mile, ride, ptll a bdat, walk, aid. 1hop eachl the saiue distance, and swim iita hundied yards, within the hour. The match was lost by fifteen secosrds;owing to a slights ' delay with the boat. Although the man was unsuccessful, the spectators were aso minuch pleaised with his performance that.they subscribed a purse of £4 for him. Some days ago it'ivas announced that the first steamet 5"a'ed been blunched on the Gonlbkirn, at Nagambie. The Goulburn, Courier does not' thirik that the floating of a' mere hull of a boat, without the ghost of a boiler, engine, or paddle wheel, e?i be repor ted as the'launch of a steamner of 100 : tons burthen. T" 'eNag mbie st~tm-.project has been a failure. Sqme six: months ago accommo dation was afforded by' aulocal 'branch: bank to two practical.men to,?p at the ribs and keel together;, buit wvas w'ithdrawn at' that critical period when its continued extension would have been the means of contemplating a boat which was" intended for the navigation of the river." On Monday the hull of the steaineris to be offered at auction, under a bill of sale. A singular case of the-refractionr of the sun's rays upon a wooddn substance with danger ous effec' w?s bro?ghtl undeir? the notice of the ' South Australian Register.: In the yard of Messrs Martin. and Murch, iron mongers, there was, a cask standingin which some packages of hardwaie had been imported. The cask was lined with ,tin,. which w~yas beautifully bright-:bright almost as'a ipecu lum,1 and thle lid liad behn 'thriowif into 'the' bottoim of the cask w.heni the contents were emptied. The sun's rays seem to have been ' focussed" by the' bulge- of the cask iupon the wooden lid below,, which was ignited, and a considerable porLion of it was ceisumed before attention was attracted to the singular circumstance. This may tend to throw light upon some conflagrations, the origin of which has been enveloped in mystery.. The Daily Telegraph of Saturday states that Mr. Bunny, barrister- at-law, was yester day sworn in beford his Honour Mr. Justice Williams as acting County Court Judge for for the Castlemaine district. WILFUL MURDER.-The adjourned inquest touching the death of William Couper was resumed by Dr. Grossen, district. coroner, at Cornelia Creek, yesterday, and resulted in a verdict of wilful murder against Frances Couper and William Henry, alias Pronse,' Alias Maeus. The evidence of thel Government analvtical cheinist Mr Johnson, clearly traced the cause of death to joisoning "y strychnine. The prisoners who stand consuitted .on the grave charge of number, cantradicted each other, and, if a murder of respectable 'witnesses ure.to be believed, otherwise, perjqred them selves in a most shocking mnaner .-Riverine Herald, 29th ult., The Castertun'correspondent of the H'arnil ton Spectator repoits that, on Monday morn ing(27th inst.) Charles. Griuhanm, storekeeper, of Saudfordi was arrested near COsterton, charged with the wilfii mlurder of Riehmnd Edwards, who was fitund lying in a back street of Sandford a fortuight, ago with his skull battered in. Several Japanese sailloms ?shipwreeked on Formosa Island were eate b'y the nmiatives?. The King of Loo Choos has sent an embassy to Jeddo for aid to avenge their death. A fresh locust plague is to be anticipated judging from the following report sent to the Hamilton Spectator by its Harrow correspon dent: --" Young locusts are appearing by the million;.being the offsping of the preceeding army. The young fry are mniany timunes more nimerous than' 'the predecessors. They are so thick in some places, 'being as yet unable to fly, that theycain be taken up int shovelfula, Many of them die, probably from starvation, their voracious progenitors leaving so' little for their tender offspring to -feed upon ; but what little is left, these will devour ere they come to maturity sufficiently to migrate. The oidium, the Ovens and MJurray Adver tiser regrets t9 learn, is rapidly extending its ravages amongst 'the vineyards in and around Beechworth. Until within the last few days it was supposed that the Malbec artd one or' two vairieties of vine would have escaped, but tow the disease has lecome geheral, and some of the vlineryards-in the viciiity of New town are so badly affected that there' is little probability of t@e owners' being able to make a gallon of wine.. ... . "A lamentable accidenut,' the Seymour Express states, " occurred on Friday after noon at the GtavelPits, Mangalore; by which one man, named Alexander Fergus'on, lost his life, and three more were very much ianjred, viz;' Con. Noill,; Charley Lockhart, aid M. Brown, the-latter it is feared fatally. The accident occnurel through-' a ' slip of gravel in the pits, in' which the -men were 'vorking, taking ballast for the second section of the NorthEastern Line The injured men were removed to Avenel." We learn from the Ksmore Free Press that The Pyalong Shire Council has already taken -possession of its -handsome new Shire Hall, .vhich will tiiit' onfly prove very con venient to ,the body .but also add materiallJy to the architectural grandeur of the township. A telegram from Sydney which appeared in the Argus of Monday states that. on Satur day evening )rs. Lee, 5-yeaers of hge, mother-. in-law of Mr. Garrard, of the North Shbre Hotel, engaged a waterman named Thomas Scores to convey her from the Circular Quay, to Wilson s Point. - ,Al?gut midunight afterthe! .returns of the boat, iblood was discovered, ihichl caused inquiry) to- he made. Scores,. upon being interrogated said. that he had landed the wbman- and also a man at the Nirth Shore, This Uiornin?g ubhon search iuiig inade, the" body of the woman was seen ,floating iear Cremiorne- Wvith the head fright ifully battered. Medical opinion- has been given that the woman wia thrown alive into -the water. Scores, tie boatiman has been arrested and the paddle of his skiff hasli beeni Sfound broken. Thee murder has paused a great ansation. 'phe an ieiptted fall in the market-rates fir wheat has not been without its effect in stitnu' lating the farmers in the Goulburn :aid'Sey m;,ur districts iu.the. direction ',of threshing out witlh as little delay as, possible, in order to yield a response to the agents who adver rise to give the " highest rate for. cash At the Avenel 'railwvay statiron we have practical promof that sifch is the case, for diuinjg the least fortnight the local station-master found it necessary to send telegriiiai' to Melbourne foe a large number of extra trucks, the require ments of the farmers fair exceeding the avail able carrying space. Large Puirchases of wheat haive.heen made by Mesars. E. Sheltn, IV. G. .:Gill,. and F. Williams, and the Avenel goods shed has been found scarcely large enough to receive: incoming freights. It is satisfactory to note however, that the buildings connected with the station are now completed, mid that things appear; to work with a tolerabled'dege of simtoothness fr all partiesconcerned.---oulburn Courier, Friday. SA fearful 'accident occurired yesterday morn ing at the Specimen Gully quartz works,' whereby the lives of two men, named James Redfern and Joseph Cooper, hivebeen placed in jeopardy, thir limbs and bodies being much mutilated The men were. employed by the Castlemaina Paving. Conipany in quarrying out stone, and while so engaged, had put in a shot which however, missed fire. Yesterday the unfortunate men proceeded to clear out the drill hole, with a view to draw ing the charge, and while so doing the shot exploded; at the time Cooper was holding the drill, 'and Redfern striking with the hammer. Both men were blown some dis tance, the drill being projected to the' other. enil of tha quarry, and. a large amiount of stone;and debrislooseied, and throin out by the force of the powder. The other men 'in the quarry immediately rendered assistance, and when Redfern and Cooper were picked up it was found that the former had suffered considerably in his fiace, which was blackened and burnt, more particularly about the eyes. He had also received a severe blow on the stomach, from which he suffered considerably.. Theother 'uhfortunate fellow had fared much worse,' from the fact of his body having been nearer the explosion ; his face bore evident marks of powder,'and both his eyes were closed.- The riht arm was b'ioken 'a the elbow, and the limb from that joint to the shoulder was considerably injured. The left arm had evidently met the fall force of the flames, being blackened and scorched from the fingers to the elbow. ' The poor men were at once conveyed to the hospital, where they were promptly attended 'to, and their sufferings considerably alleviated. Both are married and havefamilies.-JfMount Aleaander Mail, Friday. Large nuggets are seflom heard of now, but the discovery of a gopd one is reported by the Balldrat Courier:-" On Saturday a nugget, weighing 181b, was brought into the Commercial Bank here from Sminythesdale. TIhe: finder declined to state the precise local ity where it was found, but said it was, not far from Symthesdale. :Tire welcome stranger was unearthed a few feet from the surface, and from what we have learned it could not have fallen into mrd 'needful mhands. The nman who has suddenly been raised to com parative affluence was just before in semi starring state, being h irdly able to obtain sufficient for the sustenance of his wife and four children. The mnugget was smelted at Mwessrs. Wittkowski Brother's establishment, and is expected to yield 150oz. of pure gold." We (Pleasant Cregk Yews) :have been in fo! med on what seems.good authority, that the three men drowned while at work in the Darlington mine had all made kuown, some short time before the late accident, that they had presentiments of, their fate. This was more particularly marked in the case of Stafford, who, 'on the Friday morning, when leaving his.home, turned back more than once to kiss his younger children, and wish them farewell.' He had also it is said, given instrue tions to his wife as to their little property, which led to the belief that he had some undefined fear of the sad end awaiting him. According to our London telegrams, Mr. Anthony Musgrave is to be the new Governor of South Australia. Mr. Musgrave though probably little known in Australia, has had some experience in connexion with 'the Colonial Office. He was private secretary to Mr. Mackintosh when the latter was Go vernor-in-Chlief of the Leeward Island in '850.51, and in 1851 he entered as a student at Middle Temple. H'Te was appointed treasury accountant at Antigua in 1852, and in the following year resumed his studies at the Temple. He was appoiuted Colonial 'Secre tary of Autigua in Febru'ry, 1854; ad ministrator of the government of St. Vincent in April, 1861; Governor of St. Vincent in May, 1862; and Governor of Neivfoundland in April, 1864. Subsequently he held the office of Governor of British Columbia, and was afterwards appointed to the Lieutenant Governorship of Natal.- Argus. - The highest prices ever realised for' free hold property' in Melbourne was obtained yesterday, when Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, ind Co. sold by auction, the land at the corner of Bourke and Swanston streets, upon which is erected 'what is known as the Leviathan" clothing shop. The premises are subdivided to some extent, a number of the rooms being occupied by Mr. Bamford, dentist, and the property brings in a rental altogether of £1,500 per annum. The land has. a front age to Bonike street of.,47ft.,. with a depth of 95ft. to Swanston- street., After some keen competition the lot was knocked down to Mr. J.B. Watson, the successful Sandburst quarte etiner, for £30,8C0, being at the rate of £517 per footfrontage, £372, 680 per acre" Prices like this'were not obtained even in the days when Melbourne properties produced fabu lous rents. A- the same sale the terrace of s'even -hiouses in' Gisborne-street,' Eastern hill, known as Apsley place, occupying land having a fruntage ofl6Sft, to Gisborne-street with a de1ith to Victoria-street of 13ft, was sold to Mr ,. S. Haley for £5,550. A shop ht 187 Bourke-street east, niext to the branch of the London Chartered Hank, having a frontage of 18ft 6in., was also disposed of for £3 300 --Afgus Thursday. ALcY FhIND Occssioiially we heir of seine foitunate digger ;making a rise by suddenly dropping,' across a lump of the precious metal., A case of :this kind hihap pened this morning about five 'miles ti-om Sandhurst, between' Spring Gully and Tinpot Gully. Two men had been fossicking about, Without meeting with anything pyaible, and ere on the point of leaving the spot, when they came across a hlavy lump, which looked ike?l ironstone; but, on being wa..hed, it proved nearly all gold with a li'tle quartz. Its gross weighlt is 52oz. About 4oz or 6oz. of this is quartz, the rest being solid gold. lThe depthwhere,it was found was only 4io. fromd the siurfac.-Bendig Evening Star, Wednesday. 