OUR LONDON NAMESAKE AND THH ELECTRIC WIfiE. ,; . :: The London Daily '; Telegraph of December 25, contains quite a curiosity' in the shape of a collection of complimentary telegrams from all parts of the world, Australia included. Although. Queensland is not represented, we know that a message-was sent by. Mr. Crneknell, the Super intendent ot leltigrapus, and we published a copy of it. at the time. In a leading article in the same issue, the Telegraph tlius refers totha collection: — 'iln the columns of the Daily Telegraph this morning there is instant inter change of speech with every part of the wide Empire of the Queen. The ' islands of the sea' send us Yuletido greetings ;: the rocky hold of Gibralter speaks from the gate of the Medi terranean j the sentinel- fortress of Malta gives us word of its Christmas-Eve doings ; the solitary walls of Aden; fervid with fierce sun Bhine, waft us a fuithful message. India, from her Btately capitals of the, Kast and WeBt, from her inlaud jungles and hills, from sacred Benares and.tl'e seats of ancient idola tries salutes the English holy day. Singaporo ivnd Ceylon join in the greeting lor themselves and for the islets of the Oriental Archipelago, where the eternal sapphire Bky is Bliiniiig.oa palm grove und jewelled strand: In the same Bwift electric breath China speaks with us, send* ing her errand faster than the sun can follow ; and the youthful empires under our feet,, whose night is' our day and .whose -.summer, is our winter, make nought of. spaco and time and calendar's \ij this same magic of the wire. We read 'good wishes of the. season' from Mel* bourne . despatched wii.li many a patriotic heart-l eat from the swift sprung .tewiiB and sheep walks of that, mighty island continent, where our ? ohildreu are founding ? a '..Greater Brituin.'. Canuda,' from beyond. ..the. grey 'Allan tic ocean, takes part in this novel fraternity of universal sentiment. Africa chimes in from Algiers, with' half the sea-shore cities' away towards the mouths of the Nilo; Europe from her chief capital bears her share in, the circle ; there are messaged from her northern shores and messages from' the southern ;' while fur off where the Golden Gato opens the way to a era of wealth and commerce across tho boundless Pacific, San Francisco salutes London, and keeps Christmas Eve and Christmas festi ' vitea along with us all. '. Here'are glad words of Christian fellowship from the four quarters of the world, 'from .'every; . spot where our race is ' to' be found--all flashed at one lime and with one. -will by the new speech of Civilisation. We do not ? even . know its right name or real nuture/ though it serves us so wondrously j yet wo have come to a glorious discovery,8O that'men can hail: this season with one voice all round the globe. Under what tracklois voids of wild water, over what desolate waste pluces of the envtli, from what unsubdued regions of solitude or barbarism, and through what swarms of Pagan; peoples, these magic nerves of our modern 'life have Hashed their fraternal messages ! We realise tho 'mar vellous value of ? onr now 'possession, most thoroughly when, as this morning, it enubles us to present the: civilised earth speaking at the Borne time in the Burae words of united und brotherly feeling.' ??''. ' ' ; ? The CAStBERWELii Ghost..-— At the Stirrey Sessions yesterday, Maria Horgun, 19, described as a servant, was indicted for stealing a watch, and chain, tho property of William Wollsj lit Caraberwell. It appeared from thr '.'evidence of James Ham, a detective sergeanl.'of the P-Di vi- sion, that for some weeks a great deal of excite ment had been caused in the neighborhood of the prosecutor's house, No. 135, Cumberwell Road, by a report that a ' ghost' was committing all sorts of damage. Flower-pots were thrown about, trees damaged, aud persona struck with, various missiles, without the origin of the mis . chief being discovered. Detectives Puttock and Neville were engaged to detect the perpetrator of these dangerous freaks; and on Motiduy, the ? 18th ult., they went to tho prosecutor's house, :when thoy ascertained that the mother of- the ?latter had just been struck by a broken 'flower pot and cut on tho arm. A vine: was also-cut down, and a water-butt overturned. They saw the prisoner in n very excited state, and she showed them a bruise on the forehead which, she said. had beon inflicted by! a man she found in the wash-house. The officer searched tho place, but failed to find any traoo of a man. During the time they wero searching tho place flower-pots were thrown about in a most myste rious manner, and ? then the prisoner . soreumod out, and begged to be allowed to leave the house, as sho was afraid to, stop. .Just at that time a, watch and rohain, were missed from, the ibreakfuBt-rbomi und , the detectives, having a suspicion. about the'. prisoner's conduct, followed her upstairs. She ran into her bedroom, followed ?'by the officers, who found the, watch arid chain concealed in the bed. .. They, took . her.into cus tod v. Martha (Plutt, a girl , in the prpsBCutor'i .employ, '. said that oii' .the . Sunday .eveuing previous the prisoner, came f to:lior and said; 'I must do something to moke missus believe some body, hus got into, the, house.' The prisoner then opened the kitchen window,' tas though it had been forced, and told witness to Bcream out and call for iho young master. .Witness went upstairs and called him, uud a littlo whiie alter wards the prisoner told her not to Bay an.vthiug about what was done, and to throw some flower pots out so as to alarm tho house. She, how over declined to do bo. On Monday the prisoner Baid, ' I must do something else to muko missus think a man is in the plueo,' and then, taking up tho head of a broom Btick, struck herself several heavy blows on tho forehead, causing bruises. Sho afterwards struck herself with a flower-pot and cut her forehead. Shortly after wards s'ie rushed iu from the waslihouao screaming, and suid a man concouled there had struck hor. Tho prosecutor said tha prisoner had only been in his service six weeks, and for tho last fortnight great damage hud been done by flower pots and other missile* being thrown about. Tho whole neighborhood had boen thrown into alarm by tho ficubs of the ' Ghost.' Tho jury found tho prisoner guilty, and the Deputy-Chairman, sentenced her to 1? months' hard laboy. ?? ?; ;.:; . -. ? . J. 