:r-L.i^:r-:r^^®P'^^u:?''r.[':.i'i|(.i.''''''r f.',Sup^f^p'h^Tii'f\\\KiiG'sMiiMi6\\)-e,^Oo. iju^iJ.ajljlas'^ 3*dlm ^illiamD|avis,.al!ib?rihg' iuan,;'.7^,;};eiw-s .Jo'f. age, .residing. ''.at., King's iiteiiddws; left ..lii^, lj^iu^at,. 9 p.'clbdk'.irL'tlVe ^uojnJ^iig(Jtttk|ng,'aii(axp-,with' him.' J'He^snia. fle/, -was,; A;' lo,, .fell at , trce',.'ahd ipl'd.llis a.a,'i)gli5:cr ,y^.er-|f g,p,',tp,)niu ,111 about-aujiduf tf- b-iug,ht)u\eI6pj)ie;of^hd,fripsbf :th'b;wati1es. '^TVea'sfjij wpn't, ^le.fpiiiid'Jipr fatli.ori'lying 4.pd{^jol(l.3ier mqjJicr. ',!aua!, 'George .'.GiiTdcnq. ,',rj][erppor .pld. n'(i-|i . V;a'M-o^ well -vhe'n, he -|ef t hp'mb'f h,f liii(J,i.'been,i ppmplaiijing. of, illness -fq^yycaTBj^iiftTinl-at^ ??receiyed^uic.lkal/id-vipc for it ,f rcfjuenfljvliiit -iipV.li^el^l ^JV^'lieii.':Gjdddrus went to.'Divyj'^'h'b jt.^vp«yftijB;;bbr^,,p.Wr,,rl-iilh«a|,the'.lt^ .with, ' watpy^JB bs^yas.ijijhop.QsUie.-nian'.wa's jipt^iite- rilcwV.biiyJHg'fepii-'-hjin .jV|M=*f: wi'th .the! ji-xp iibbUi; l-^l'f .'.iiii ljo.iir i'.rev.io.iisl-y. .' ,. He 'fpivnfl'-l-hdjl)6i3jr c^'di iiuiVtiictp.'wa^Hd ptji'stw ;tiou,at'th'j- h'puic;t..' ..'Jpyiajviiit ?wii8!,libid'iat ?ffiB',^wiv|i.jlnfi,''J[ving''.i-Me^a6ff-8,' oii,^y,ediiep ' aay,!.T-ef(-/|»- 'J^ioiiiiis : iVasoii, 3?sd.-, , CprpVver, 'vfiiQ!'i,-th'e.'.}ttr.^culii-rs, conhect'ea with' ', tlie .?floc.u'd,s.e fjJI'.tlife :p.o.or.iuiHi )vere -given: m'.'evi 'dence 'Ivy., the .jyjdojv,. Margery . Dtiv.isi/'har ';(Ja;ugfitejii:,^»np;,Vand by G.oprge Gidddns..'. Dr. Mc^iee'ij1(lep9£io.d.,tn-t-he hddinade anciy'ter 'nal.pxamitjiitibn of: the- bpdy, and' fdund-no :miu-ics .,ot| yiolenee upon, jt e^eppt. a: alight 'aBfasiqn,bn ,the rjglit'.,^lipek- such' .as; might hfty,e-b£en..c;Hwed';.byoa)'fiiUJ. Judpiiig.-from 'appewriicefi : aua,.'j]{e.; evidence,, he! wj}s of ppi^iQtt.Ji^t;Ldeceased'died £roih'. natural C»H'sM»'.}jrd)iaI)1.y dispase pf. 'the -heart. , The |;jiury.'del;i Vfjco.il- a. yeraictta'that effect. , ,-i 'o ', TisT-o^Tji^ Tix^IjKKS.— On Wednesday .Kir ^'..E. S.(i}cdr'hft.yiiig qWained a, piece .of ,f ii) ioxp- 'rfcp-n. ? itlio!. fed's ? ,'at . Mount .' Bispho^E - '?smelted 'it' .do'jvii'.wi'tli'.a -suitable fliix' tind ..jirpduped a nnc,sampje ofpure tin, bright' as ',;t&,!]vji(i;.ccr.tn;hiy'-as;.b!i-ight.as'silvcr. Taking , a' fair, estimate c6i.', the' value, of tin iii.t^e '.English. iiw^)cet,(j8'i'i9 per ton) the value 'pf t]ie tin ppo-asiajcjen! from the lddp cannot': bo ,leas thaiiiii£,70 per ton,! even on. Mount. B)? ,dhofC^' With, a tramway or gdoa;road ,t'o ;a ?jport of shipfnwit.tlie value. of the dre.WottU, -ofiCo.ur.se,, bo prppprtipnately iacceaaecl. , , Ilfbacomdb . Iron . Compant.— ?'W.e are! 'gl^'toicarn that the Jlfrarcmbe Iron' Co rp ':$&$ are.niftkin'g' rapid progress With ' ', {heir; 'furnace and works. A correspondent writes ''that /' the furnace fs.ali but finished and fire ?'irVit.' The fluming bringing the water 'from the 'dam' is finished and will give a fall of about Hntr'ty'feet.. The water wheel is also nearly, .finished arid will soon be in .position. A ''charcoal kiln1 some 300 feet long and 13 feet 'wide is nearly ready for the wood. The shed; forming the casting house is being shingled. Some 100 tons of ore are ready for the furnace and some 5000 or 6000 tons of wood ' cutfrcady for the charcoal kiln. I shbnld 'thjirik that another month will see them ; ready for blowing in the furnace. The .blast 'is1 to' be supplied by two small cylinders ?'worked by a water wheel.' The company's 'officers 'are entitled to great credit for the 'e'ne'rgetic manner in which they have pushed 'on these works and we wish them every -success^ '? 'The Hobatit Town Pkize Cheese. — It inrty not be generally known that the cheese * which won first prize at the recent show in Hotiarfc Town was manufactured by Mr George Fry, a settler in the Ringarooma dis trict. Mr Try has sent us the following, copy of a certificate sent him by Mr Roberts, of: this town :— ' Launceston, 21st August, .1873. — Mr George Fry,— Dear Sir, — Allow' me to congratulate you on the great success 'your cheese has met with at the Hobart Town show last week, taking the first prize over all other exhibits of that article, and I can1 assure.you that the cheese well merited all the points awarded to it. Yours, &c.;,— 31 Roberts.' Referring to his success, Mr Frv. in a letter to a friend, savs : — ' I can assure you we have had to contend against many disadvantages and losses that only those who go into the remote bush can have any idea of. ' We had to .pack on horses everything we made use of, implements in cluded, a distance of twenty miles through a track in the bush, for upwards of three years. We have now a very fair road, but badly want a bridge over the Ringarooma River. After all our toils this little success at Hot bart'Town will in some measure compensate iis and we'must cry ' Advance Ringarooma!'' Many people who saw Mr Fry's fine cheese at Hobart Town may wonder why such a product is not exported in large quantities from Tasmania. In the abovo extract Mr Fry has given a sufficient reason, and the information may interest Mr Innes and others who think our exports should always maintain a certain relative proportion to our public debt. The Opening op the New'Paviliok. — The new pavilion erected in the Public Gardens is to be formally opened on the 3rd of October, when the' Sunday scholars of Launceston will give a service of sacred song in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Society. The service will be opened by prayer, and the hymns to be eung have been selected with the view of illustrating Bun yan's ' Pilgrim's Progress.' The pilgrim in ' the city of destruction is asked by Evan gelist, 'Wouldst thou be saved? No time to lose.' Pilgrim in the Slough of Despond ; Christian at the Wicket Gate ; loses his burden at the foot of the cross ; ascends the hill of difficulty ; arrives at the palace called Beautiful ; meets Apollyon ; enters the valley of the shadow of death ; overtakes Faithful ; joins Hopeful and travefs on to the river of life '; enters the land of Beulah and the River of Death. Each of these stages will be illus trated by a hymn to be sung by the children. The occasion may be a fitting one for a re ligions service, butthe congregation certain to be large and miscellaneous will be morelikely tobebenton amusement tnan senouBness. . As' ! 'the service will, however, be chiefly choral, and the Sunday School children of Launceston are excellent singers, the sacred concert will no doubt be highly appreciated. The congregation will be expected to join in the closing hymn, ' Glory to Thee, my God, this night.' After that the benediction will be pronounced, and the people will retire.' The London Wheat Market.— By late direct telegrams from London we learn that in consequence of the operations of buyers fqr France, Adelaide and other colonial wheat had advanced from 67s to 72s per quarter of 4961bs — close upon 9s per bushel: Our telegram dated August 21st informs us that the wheat crop in England, ' now, ready for reaping, is estimated At ?? 20 per cent, under the average. Should this and similar news received from California of a great failure in ?the yield there prove correct, the next Aus tralian cereal crop will bo of immense value, ' if it should be equal to last season's average. ?The barque Hopeful, 332 tons, Captain Luby, which cleared the Tamar Heads on the 18th April, arrived at London last' week. She had 15,000 bushels -of 'wheat amongst her cargo, which she thus lands at a good mar ket. The barque Stanley Castle, 414 tons, Captain Austin, which Bailed from the Tamar Heads on the 1st of May, is due at :Lond6n, and she had on board 20,000 bushels of wheat and 92 tons of flour. ' ; NEW Lodge of Good Templars.— The number of members of the Dawn ot Hope Lodge, No. 4, Launceston, having increased' to 680, at a meeting held on the 15th inst., it ;was decided that a second lodge should be formed, and on Saturday evening last the; new lodge named ' The Gleam of Sunshine,' I No. 12 lodge in Tasmania, was formally opened by Captain Wm. Fisher, of Hobart ' 'Town, Provisional Grand Worthy Chief' 'Templar, and a large body of other officers of j the order. . The officers of ' The Gleam of ?Sunshine' lodge duly elected and installed ;jire i^-Mr John Brickhill, Worthy Chief Templar ; Mr Wm. Whitaker, junr., Worthy Vice Templar ; Mr Henry Turner, Worthy Right Hand Supporter ; Mr T. B. Prosser, ? Worth v Left Hand Supporter ; Mr George Babingtori, Worthy Chaplain ; Mr Augustus ?Littler. Worthy Secretary ; Mr R. Thomp son, Worthy Assistant Secretary ; Mr W. ' Cartledge, Worthy Financial Secretary ; Mr Til Newey, Worthy Treasurer ; Mr Farthing, ?Worthy ' Marshal ; Mrs Richard Chick, 'Worthy Deputy Marshal ; Mr Heald, 'Worthy Inner Guard ; Mr W. A. Solomon, 'Worthy Outer Guard. Upwards of fifty ; '?rne'rribers joined the new lodge at once, and .Mr P. Boiand was e'ected Worthy Lodge Deputy, a very high office in the order. ?' '' Deep-Sea. Fish — The well-known deep sea fishing ketch Colleen Baw'n arrived at the Queen's Wharf early on Thursday morn ing, having on board a very fine collection of !fish, consisting ot trumpeter, trevally, rock ?lisod;' crayfish, &c;, all o£ which were quickly 'disposed of at satisfactory prices. The'Banopk Slate Company. — We are rgriiiified to hear that the shares of the ''Bangor Slate Company are being taken' up rapidly. A meeting of the provisional directors was held on 22nd inst., and their re port of progress was most satisfactory. The ; directors hf.ve decided on cominoncing opera tions at their quarries shortly. Oua Vexatious Customs AoAisf.— In. last! issue of ib.e Australasia* we find the follow-' ing :^'They have as vigilant Custoin-hdusc officers at Launceston ' as at 'Hobart Town,; and'n' case has occurred at the northern' port that may fairly stand alongside of the sewing machine : episode, in which the energy of Mr Watty of the Hobart Town Custohi hquse, immortalised itself. The case is this. ?A! Tasmanian gentleman, returning from a visit' to Melbourne, took back a toy for the 'amusement of his' children. It was a 'black dancing figure, known a8' a 'Joe Brown.' For this the owner had paid,3sin Melbourne, 'and when helanded in Launceston he found that he was an importer of a dutiable article, and he had to pay 3s 6d more, the 3s being duty and- 6d wharfage. It is very strange that the colony which more than any other profits by the;influx of visitors should work its Customs arrangements in such a way as to do ? everything in its' power to exclude visitors by the petty, but : nevertheless irri tating, exactions to which they find them selves subject on landing.' Bible Society. — The committee of the Bible Society, the Mercury says, have ap pointed Mr Flower as colporteur in the. place of the late Mr Livermprc. Mr Flower's duty will be to visit and make sales in the different districts. Mr It. A. Mather, the treasurer, states that the friends of the cause may materially assist Mr Flower, not only by extending to him the hospitality so freely given to Mr Livermore, but by furnishing such information and' advice as their local experience may enable them. Libkbated Titoii. Gaol.— Peter Byron, who was committed for trial at . Deloraine, on the charge of maliciously setting fire to a quantity of straw. underneath the dwelling house of Mr George Ready, on the ,8th .in stant, was ? liberated from the Launceston Gaol on 21st inst. by order of the Attorney General, who did not. consider the evidence sufficient to warrant him in filing a: bill against the man. ? i.. . : ? -U \'.-\ :???'.. ' 'Small Bore RiixE ; 'Match^Northv. South. — Another match was commenced on Saturday. The , Launceston; . men ' !8red in the afternoon. 'The day was very !'fltie: ami the wind light. ' ' They- made the I following SCOre':— ? ' ?,.'?? , .' ..!??' ,-| ?,...-,.. I ? , : . . 500yds. ?'?' 600yds. .; . .Total Martini.;....'..- 30' '' ,' ? ?'32V...;; .';:.;, V,'62'.. Coulter......... 34 ', / .... 31' ,' .'-IS ~..'.6S'. Hudson....,;.. ,34 , ? '- 3d'. V ,,:',,. 64 Miiis.;.....:;'.'..;'3r:: ; ' .';25 .;.';;.. 56.,, Jones ? ...:..';. 32 ??;.; ;:,'2'2;.-..; ;:,!.,.V's4i; ? . .'.'.', ' ' ? l;' 'f'l' I. .','.''? !..?'?. 301 Average 60}. The last score, made by them was 285— or an average of 57. .', They' were beaten by the Hobart Town men who made 299— ftverage'59'80. ' ''' ?? , : , Sad Talk of: a Native of Hobart Town —The Fiji Gazette of the 12th July says :— ' A Bad and singular relic has been brought to Levuka- by Captain; McDonald, of the Success. Some few months ?? ago when the vessel was at the Island of Santa, a young man on board, a native of Hobart Town, while handling a revolver, accidentally shot himself through the body. The wound at the time was not apprehended to be fatal, and the sufferer was removed on shore to the Mission, where he received every attention, Captain McDonald undertaking to take him uni-mTiia rpturn. The noor fellow, however. after a few days died. Oh the return of the Success, the' resident ? missionary informed the Captain of the death, and told hint also that the natives had mode many applications to him for the body, as they wanted the bones with' which' to point their spears ; but that it had been buried at midnight in a secluded spot, and such care taken to obliter ate every, trace of the grave, that he be lieved it was safe. On the last trip of the Success, however, a native came on -board with: a beautifnlly, finished, many:' pointed spear, which he wished. to sell; and to; Cap tain McDonald's horror . informed him that the) points were made from the bones of his late, shipmate, who,' in spite of all precautions taken, had been disinterred by the savages. Tha spear was : purchased and is i now. in the possession of* Mr Smart, Collector of Cus tom sat. this port.' ? !' ' ?' A Dangbkocs Bigamist.— A mnn named Robert McDonald; aAWBernard McDonald, was apprehended on Tuesday for bigamy.1 It appears that he had been threatening Mrs Susannah Bou ,of ? the Ship Inn, Queen's Wharf, and acluallytook possession! of the inn and put two men out, who do duty as de puty sheriff's officers in charge. McDonald is Mrs i Boulin's . husband, but he is also the .husband of another woman, and on this charge he is in :custbdy. Both marriages are registered in this colony, though Mr and Mrs' McDonald have been' resident -in Victoria for some time. He deserted her at Sandhurst and she had great diffi culty in maintaining their family of six children, and she was allowed a protection order to prevent him from ? taking away her earnings. He was for some time in the Melbourne Hospital and then in that at Sandhurst, arid his 'wife returned to this colony taking her mother's name (Boulin), in .order to escape him, as he had used her very harshly. : She took the Ship Inn from Mr ' Spearman, arid was supporting . her family respectably here -when McDonald arrived, and being under the impression that she was making- money rapidly, he -threatened her with a revolver, and similar mild persuaders, to hand over to him all her imeans of livelihood ; When brought before Mr Mason onTuesday.hesaidhe-had been illfor a long period in the Melbourne and 'Sand hurst Hospitals, and during his illness his wife had sold off and left him destitute. The facts are said to be all against McDonald and creditable to his persecuted 'wife. He stands remanded for a week on the charge of bigamy. ? ' ? ; . . ?. . ?? :.-..? : Visitors to Mount Bischoff.— AmoDtj t the number of visitors who are at present visiting the stanniferous regions of Mount ;Bischoff arethehon. J.R. Scott, M.L.C;, late. Colonial. Secretary, Mr Dooley, 'M.H.A., Mr Gould, and Mr Doolev. iun. It is 1 thought that the game of ' jumping1' will be carried on. There were 49 applicants for mineral leases last Saturday week; and as some of them — a great many — had not sur veyed their allotments, there will be some difficulty in settling the priority of claimants. : Tub. Missing Me Landale.— We learn from our; special reporter to the Mount Bis choff tin mines, that up to Saturday night last no traces had been found of the missing Mr D. Landale, and . the search had been given up, at least so our reporter understood. Our reporter met Mr W. Landaleraccom panied by young Mr Wiseriiari, of Emu-Bay, at the seventeenth mile post, on his way to the mount to take some steps for agcertain ing.-if possible, the fate of his lost brother. The weather at Mount Bischoff was delight fullduring1 the cloning days. ot last week ..An ,Odd, . Species or. , ExpoRr.-^The brig Speedy, -;-wHleh: returns ' to 'Jlaldcn Ieland for another cargo, of gjsano, is taking on board a quantity of firewood for the supply of the station there. The' island is so destitute of every product, exoept guana, that not a rill of water can be found in it. The water used, by the men employed there has to be imported or distilled from the briny,, wave, , of which the supply is, how ever, unlimited. .; ',:?.. v. '.:; Tub Athletic Sports at Hotiart Towk. — In consequence of the inclement 'state of the weather prevailing at Hobart Town on Monday, the athletic sports arranged to come off in the 'Barrack Square were postponed until Saturday. The running of Messrs. A. E. Bird and Higgins is the' main feature in : these athletic sports Bird is to run' eleven miles in mi hour. A prize is to begiven for : the neatest costume on the ground, with the : view of drawing the ladies out. ?' Sicii Language ! — A Sari Francipcp paper. is put out of benevolence, by a little fun at its expense, and says : — ' We regard the atrocious correspondent as an infernal fiend, a false-tongucd midnight monster, a red- handed assassin, a thief, a he/school marm, 'a fraud, a ghost, and an unpleasant person 1 We esteem him apca-g.rccn'dernon of the steaming pit, with a' cotton- wood tail, eyes in his sides, and a cork iieck studded with hot door-knobs I If there is anything .worse than this, we think him that.' Australian Mutual Provident Societt. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of a goodly volume, being the Directors' Report for presentation to a. special meeting -of members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, to be held on the 26th August, at alterations in the bye-laws, &c.; To the ' re port is appended a case : for opinion and opinions thereon, by the actuaries consulted, and a report to the directors, by the actuary; on the business regulations of; the society. ? ; En.tkrtainmknt. — An entertainment con sisting- of a temperance drama in twoaets, with a musical interlude was given at the Teaiperr nee Hall, York- street, on Tuesday, evening' in aid of i the prgan fund of the Good Templar lodges. The room was crowded to Yexcees with a very noisy audience, who did their best to, prevent the performers having a fair hearing, although the different characters were taken very creditubly. Mr Meyers played: the accompaniments, &c;, and the whole ? concluded with ' a new temperance anthem by the company. ;' Lkcturb O» 'Hbat.'— The Rev. M. B. Brownrigg delivered an interesting lecture on 'Heat'^ at the Mechanics' Institute on Tues davfiveninor. There was.a larce attendance. the subject and the lecturer being both at tractive. Tlie indefatigable President, the Rev. W. Law, introduced the rev. lec turer, ? who set out with the theory that the sun is the source of all the terrestrial heat we enjoy. The lecturer did not refer to any more extreme heat, but with the aid of the Rev. C. Price he made a variety of experiments, some of which he had shown in illustration of his lecture on ' Spectrum analysis, or mysteries ofi a sunbeam.' The lecture, notwithstanding the repetition of experiments, was instructive and interest ing. The'; Rev. W. Law moved a v.ote of thanks to the lecturer and, of course, this was carried by acclamation. xne ivev: irresiaent aimuuuueu whil me Rev. Mr Brawnrigjr will : deliver a continua tion lecture! on Tuesday evening; next, on another light subject,' : Combustion.' .- Police District op Kingborouoh. — The municipal district of Kingborough has been appointed a police district. ' ;Thb Licensing Act. — Kingston has been appointed as the place for .holding licensing meetings of. justices for the district of King borough. -.-'???. , ... A Moral Puzzle — The Tery 'last Christian Witnens we have met announces that an association has been formed for the promotion of public morality, in which sere ral clergymen, of different denominations are taking an active part, and that one denomin ation, never the: lowest in. the scale, of morality, are conspicuous by. their absence. We are not aware which, of the denomina tions have thus kept in the background, but we rather think it will profit by its modesty. The Small Bore Rifle Match. — Oulv three of the Hobart Town five fired on Saturday. Roblin arid Webb made a score of .56 each, and Littlechild 48. The . scores of the absentees Westbrook and - Murdoch were averaged by previous arrangement at 61 and 49 respectively. This made the total 270, and as the score: made by the Launces ton men amounted to 301, they won the match by 31 points. ? ? ' Black Boy ? Gold.— Messrs. Smith nnd Poole purchased a parcel of 53 ozs. of gold from the Black Boy yesterday, the ' price paid being £3 17s 6d per 6z. . .. The English Mail.— The R.M.S.S. Ban galore has made a rapid trip from Galle to Melbourne, quite equal to that of the China. This was scarcely to bo' expected of the Bangalore; which is inferior in power to the China and Baroda. The Bangalore was an nounced as off Cape Otwayat 6-20 a.m.! on Wednesday. She reached Hobsbn's Bay at 2 p;m.,and the s.s.Derwent received the Tas manian mails at 4 p.m. and cleared Fort PhilHpHeads at 6-45 p.m. 'She entered' the Tamar Heads at 12-20, and ariived ' at the wharf at 3-30 p.m; on Thursday. Captain Woods reports that the Denvent had N.N.W. winds, with' very fine -weather, throughout the passage. ? The Next Mail to Melbourne.— The coaches will leave Hobart Town and Laun cestonon Sunday morriing next, instead of Sunday evening as' usual, the coach from Hobart Town conveying the Melbourne, mails for departure' by s.s.: Derwent, wliich leaves at: 7 a.m. on Monday: ' - '-*- ????- Court of Revision for Selby.— A Court of Revision for the purpose of revising the, valuation roll for thedistrict of Selby, will beheldatthePolice Office, Launpeston, at 11 o'clock on Wednesday- morning next. Residents desirous : of: appealing: :against assessments should attend ? and make their . appeals in person, to the justices assembled. Lectuhb. — The Rev. Charles Price is to: deliver his'fifth lectnrcatthe : Tamar-strcet Independent Church at 6.30 p.m; on Sunday —subject,' ' The ^Reformation.' : ? :; '? '? '' ? Launceston Savings BANic^This bank will be closed on Monday riextfor balancing : the books and addition of interest, and will re-open on Tuesday. . i ?, ' iLLUSTRATED'TASlfAXIANNEWS '? —By advertisement1 it will be seen that the Sep tember number of The Illustrated Tasmanian News will be ready for -issue on Monday morning. , We are requested to state that no, subscription list is opened for this paper. It can be ) obtained at the officesj Charles street, Launceston ; 78, Liverpool-street, Hobart Town ; or from the authorised agents throughout the colony. ' Evacuation,©*, the Plagok Spot.— It was Rcarccly' necessary 'for the majority of the Upper. Housptb make such a display of thbir obstinacy in opposing the resolution adopted .by .the House , of Assembly for the prompt disestablishment of the ultra penal settlement at. Port Arthur. They fought not only ngainRt the House of Assembly, the Press; — all but universal public opinion— and circumstance1! over, which they could have no control. The odds were against them, and circumstances are now forcing the Ministry to do what one branch of the Legis lature insisted should be done without loss of time — the other, that t.ho downfall of an expensive public nuisance should be delayed as long as possible. The very elements have fought against the latter decision. Rain arid sleet. have beaten into the dormitories of the decaying prisons, so that some of them are no longer habitable, and the prisoners are now being removed in batches to Hobart Town, in accordance with the resolution nilAnfn.1 111. 1 1* rt IT/\I1*1A rtf A aanT'llJlt*. A £l\W ?of them have reached Launce3toii with their day's rations of beef and vegetables raw, as when issued to them at Hobart Town, and , though thus rendered as ravenous as possible, they seemed quite as tame on their arrival here as the other passengers by the same, coach. The material services performed on the, Peninsula during late years by the: army of officers and prisoners, lias been the demolition of the buildings at the out stations, Cascades, Impression Bay, andSalt Water River. Vast sums of imperial money had been expended in erecting the buildings at those stations; and if sold they would have formed 'good townships, hut thanks to the vigilance of the officers under the Civil Commandant they have nearly all been levelled to the ground, or at least rendered uninhabitable. A small town at Salt Water River, consisting of officers' quarters, day rooms and sleeping apartments for prisoners, chapel, stores, offices, &e; ,were burnt down in October last, and this will probably lie the fate of the head quarters station unless its evacuation be ncceler.iied, and its sale should place it in the bunds of proprietors who will have some interest in preserving it from destruction. : Examinations. for' the A.A. Degree.— The Secrelary of the Council of Education notifies that the preliminary examination of candidates for the A.A. Degree is to be held at the Court-house, Macquarie-street, Hobart Town, and the Public Buildings, Launccston, on Wednesday, the 3rd September. The general examination commences . on 8th September. Singular Austrian Custom.— Mnunday Thursday was celebrated as usual at 'Vienna by tlie washing of feet of twelve old men and as many women, in the Imperial Hoff burg, ' by the Emperor and Empress of Austria. The men averaged eighty-fiTe, the women more, for there was one among theni 106 years old, and the youngest was eightyT fivb. The ceremony was performed in the thronerroom, which was profusely decorated with flowers. The men and women were seated on cither side at tables, awaiting the ««*Mnn1 **?( 4-V-n Tntnnm'nl /tiMinTn urllft nnmn in state with a brilliant retinue. The archdukes and archduchesses in attendan so, assisted at the humble act. The Emperor and the arch dukes set before the men a Lenten meal of fish ; crawfish, cake, etc., the Empress nnd archduchesses serving the same to the women., The meal, however, was not eaten on the spot, but carried away to the rer cipierits' homes. After ' this, while Bishop Cutschker read prayers, the Empress's cham berlain sprinkled the feet of the women, the Empress drying those of the eldest with a towel. The chief chamberlain sprinkled the feet of the men, and the Emperor dried them all. The ceremony occupied about half-an-hour. . Av AwirwA«n TWtktattk — As some lirlv visitors were going through a penitentiary, under the escort of the. superintendent, they came to a room where three women were sewing. 'Dear me!' one of the visitors whispered, ' what vicious looking creatures! Pray, what are they here for ?' . ' Because they have no other home ; this is our sitting room, and they are my wife and two daughters,' blandly answered the super intendent. Delojiaine Ploughing Match. — A public meeting will be held at Cox's Hotel at 4 p.m. to-day to arrange for the above. An aged African injudiciously exhibited ten cents on the street, in Detroit, the othejr day, whereupon he was followed into an alley and garroted by a few citizens. . . . \'. 