COURT OF IPETTY SESSIONS ,'tii)AY, JAx. U. 'TIIEtlt Worships \V. Stewart and J. Wilsone on thie Bench, Coaisiabl Fowler v. Mllatthew Elllntt, for allowing cattle to stray na the publiC road. OCase withldrawn. A similar cuse against W. 'Pelit L was also witbrawn,. Iichlard Ferguson was charged with ab. sconlding from hiredl service. COnse Iolastponed to 17th JanuIary. Julh Vallis was brought uip, chargeld with heiig drhnk arid incapable ia a phlic place, 'liid. doit uq t coenrfessed to bhaving a flw nold)lcrsrilt ulrgedi, Ras a ile far leionery, thllit i w iOhristriiar timea, that hle had been thi ty. digr 'yeart it Mr. IOrry's cl enply, IIItl durlig all thart time never oceupied a lookup. Theilr Worships tookl a mild view uf the onse, bheuing the irat oft'ence, and dismissedhim with a ciitliol. A ihawker's licensie was granted i. II. War. rui, anid a silaughiteilg licenise to Oharles Robinson. lowevever merry Chrlstin ll mly havo been keplt ift.duore lH this leltll', there was no outwar l sign ot l t. 'lhe Ie and hIighways wore d sernted, anld - " o'o Joiind pilouighainii dtroaenhis teain -lield, ?or Ihewed thI eeods beneath his sturdy itroke." 'The rljoicing tookl a imore ubdued fetlus, tnod men quietly bhlt with snou vigour devoted thulmsulvea to the traditlional roast beef and inlum pudding. The now year was noti allowed to come in without a Hlight dumnonlstrtion, nor tile old one to depart withollt a noloetnn marsh to slow Inusi.e, A inumber of olli youths, with mIore spirit tlhan th resat of nus, ooalgriogatod atboat the busiest part of outr tuwn a foew mlinuts bIefO're the old year gave up the ghost, and after a proltminary " wetting" marchud to ituslo as above, Afewv ninutus lifter twelve a sudden tallt was called, notillher waotlitlg, and tho1 wvan sutllng waiet wa? intonded ao a snoluntt reqtllien, but whie, ili renllty, was "Old 1Ub Iildley." T'.o muenin was againi renewed, and every hlouse ill thi noighllourhood wats visltued an anereonded, tie reward beinig i eanah oase a wettlng , So much moisuture conll Ilnave bilt one effect, and and that watc to make tlhenl grow noisy. Ono of the party trioed to fly, oal aftor one or twp nattulepts flow into a gone.pondtl. With snnom trouble tus was dlagged forth, and ihe sald it owas eld in there. IThe march was reollowed. Tl'hiige wnout on i thils way till dayligliht, Atlttlier inldlvidtal, lwho wane lprtelty tight, fgettld ll oIwnI dotr after seoveral aln attemptlls, bi? soi far gone was Ihe tittt he ocnidl not ntako off his garmenlts by oidinary mirnnsL lo IAl, reollrso to a kltife. Sto ouraged was thie ytluhl's parent Ithat lhe compelled l thu to skulk abunti the prolmisues for tlileo days in thu pittb of a Greek slave. Sundry other purnaks were indultged wclelh aret too uemcrous to ieuntioni, TPhus did weu ceulubrato the now year, 