MS. JAMES 'SMITH ON THE SECOND ADVENT." A lecture on the Second Advent was delivered by Mr. James Smith in the Congregational Lecture-hall, Russell-street, last night, before a moderately large audience. Mr. Gunn said The prediction that The Son of Man shall come in clouds and with great power," was one which, like most of the prophecies of the Old and New testa- ment, had been entirely misunderstood. And this misapprehension could not be otherwise, for if we should attempt to translate from a foreign language of which we have no knowledge, the result must be confusion and failure. Men misinterpret the sacred records because they have not the key to their meaning, and this light can only be given by the Father, whose inspiration is and has been conveyed to man through certain creatures and instruments acted upon and instructed by the angels, His intermediaries. If blind men dispute respecting the form and colour of a couple of objects which neither has ever seen, or should the deaf engage in a controversy regarding the tones of an instrument which they have none of them heard, what would you think of such presumption and foolishness ? Yet their case is precisely that of the theologians and men of science ; both are quarrelling over the letter of the Bible and the letter of the great book of Nature respectively. Of the spiritual meaning of the sacred records the theologian knows nothing, and of the spiritual meaning of Natures volume the man of science knows nothing. Neither looks below the surface, because neither is qualified to do so. The only true knowledge comes from on High and has been given to man by channels like those which the angels found in Galileo, Kepler, Newton, and others. All conjectures and speculations, all theories and systems of merely human origin, are baseless and worthless, evanescent and deceitful. The only enduring knowledge, the only truths which bear the impress of immortality, are those which have been given to mankind by inspiration and impression. This inspiration is becoming rarer, because the human race is getting more and more corrupt-has lost its way in the wilderness of ignorance, pride, presump- tion, and iniquity. Two or three thousand years ago men were much more accessible to the voice of the Most High, and what they produced in legislation, art, and literature, bore the stamp of originality that is to say, of divinity. The philosophy of Socrates, the laws and social polity of Solon and Lycurgus, the sculpture and architecture of Athens, have never been excelled and can never be equalled during the short remaining term of our tenure of the earth in its present form for human beings living under the dominion of self, worshipping false gods, and with minds dwarfed, distorted, and diseased by merely human learning, are no longer capable of listening to the voice of inspira- tion. And thus it has come to pass that, concurrently with the spread of what we call civilisation, there is presented to us an absolute sterility of ideas. Because the Father does not work according to man's presumptuous notions as to how He ought to work, therefore human beings misunderstand or disbelieve His operations. They cannot even guess at the laws which govern the processes of their own minds. They have not the slightest knowledge of what that mind is, of its origin, its growth, or its destiny. How, then, should they be able to apprehend the ways of the Most High, and to understand the nature and operation of that mind which is infinite The kingdom of heaven was likened to a grain of mustard seed, and those who have witnessed the sowing of that seed and watched its growth within the last year, will acknowledge with wondering admiration and reverential awe the amazing appropriateness of the simile employed. Thus it was, then, that when He sent His son upon the earth 1,800 years ago, to avert the otherwise inevitable and self-sought destruction of the whole human race, the Father disappointed the expectations of the proud, and confounded the vaticinations of the wise, by selecting the son of an obscure carpenter, in an obscure village, in an obscure corner of Asia, as the vessel into which He would pour His holy spirit as the earthly tabernacle in which He would incarnate His beloved son. Men looked for the promised Messiah other- where and otherwise. He was to come in the person of a mighty monarch, or of an illustrious warrior, or of a resplendent prophet, teacher, and sage. He was to con- sort with the terrestrial. great, with the opulent and the magnificent. He was to rule His people and restore their political greatness. He was to minister to their national pride, to feed their ambition, to retrieve their fortunes, to re-establish their independence, and to resuscitate the grandeur and glory of tlje.Icwmh nation. But KB didnothhieof the kind. He came in poverty, lived in poverty, and died in poverty. He was acquainted with privation and familiar with grief. He was the companion of publicans and sinners, the compassionating friend of the poor and wretched and simple. He rebuked the proud and confused the learned. He was hated and despised by the scribes and Phari- sees. Men pronounced him mad. He led them back from devil worship and abominations from idolatry in all its forms and phases to the Infinite Father, he told them that self must die, and that upon no other condition was immortality possible to the children of men, since only that which came from heaven-the Holy Spirit entering into and abiding in an earthly tabernacle could re-enter there. "He who loveth his life shall lose it," said he, and he who hath his life in this world shall have eternal life in the world to come." Behold the sum! and substance of all his teaching ratified and confirmed by the surrender of his own self and by his crucifixion. No wonder the rich and mighty ones turned from the son of God, walking the earth in so mean a guise, and declaring truths so unpalatable to the great mass of the Jewish people. And now, will it bedifferentatthe second coming? As the same people are now on earth as despised the voice of the Father speaking through the Son, when he walked among the children of men 1,800 years ago, will they bestow any greater hold upon the words of Christ when he shall once more after forth the language of the Most High, convince men of disobedience, and warn them of the judgment at hand ? Will they not mock and revile him as before?' Will they not pronounce him a fanatic and a madman? Will the scribes and pharisees listen to him Will not they proscribe, and would they not, if unrestrained by the power of the Most High, persecute and punish him What will the proud prelates of the two great branches of the so-called Christian Church say to the Son of God when he once more takes upon himself a garment of flesh and rebukes their pride, hypocrisy, and idolatry t When he tells priests and ministers of all denominations that foils centuries they have been disobeying and dishonouring the Father by worshipping the Son, what a howl of opprobrium and reproach will they not raise against him who dares to speak the truth as it will be given him by the Father to speak ? For Christ will come in clouds," veiled in a human form, just as he appeared upon the earth before. His disciples, by whom He will be accompanied, will recognise Him. because discern- ing the Father in Him, but by those who are around Him he will be derided and denied. The light will come into the darkness, but the darkness will comprehend it not. Mon will exclaim, as they in other bodies did 18 centuries ago, "Is not this the son of such a one? Are not his brothers and sisters among the ? We expected to see the Son of God descend from the clouds of heaven, amidst the blaze of lightning and the roar of thunder, and with an army of angels, when we should suddenly have undergone some miraculous and inconceivable change. But lo I Ho comes, as before in the guise of a holy man, speaking of nothing but the Father, working no miracles, but 'merely, as before, giving sight to the spiritually blind, hearing of the spiritually deaf, and feeding the famishing multitude with spiritual loaves and fishes. He walks upon the waters of mental conflict, and cause them with the Father's voice, lifting the spiritually dead from their graves, and re- peating that those who would follow him must take up their cross, and that God the Father is the only Saviour. " Can this, indeed, ' be Christ? How unlike the idol we have been worshipping in His name. The cross is everywhere except in our own hearts. It has been adopted as an ornament, a gilded gewgaws, on the spires of churches and the necks of minions. It has been the pretext of desolating war, and the decoration which the crowned servants of the devil bestow on those who most effectually do the devil's work in slaughtering their fellow creatures. And now comes Christ in clouds, and with the power of the Father tells us that we are idolators, and that the cross should have been worn inside instead of without that self hoB to be crucified, but not by self not by fasts and penitential deeds, but by the love of the Father, by the Holy Spirit. This doctrine strikes at the root of all egotism. It admonishes that we should live for others and not for ourselves. It declares that the God we worship for six days out of seven is an, abominable monster, and that the Christ to whom on the seventh we ? offer up' our homage, in place of obeying the Father, is not Jesus of Nazareth, but an image of human invention. We are told that vice, disease, and destitution are the fruits of disobedience to the Most High, who designed and desired the happiness of all his crew tures, but that man has wilfully and wantonly rejected this happiness, denied the Almighty, and refused to listen to His voice, We are assured that our civilisation is a vest, cancer, so deeply rooted in mankind that unless they should be promptly cut away the whole race would perish Who hath believed our report? will be said as of old. For nothingischanged ; neither the circumstances of the world, nor the people who are in it. The same stage only something worn, and the same actors only more depraved, more dis- obedient, more incredulous, and more malignant. To those who will receive Christ, and. through him the Father from whom he comes, and in the might of whose spirit he will work, the second advent will be a delight and a deliverance. For the rest for those who refused the offer of the Father's love there will be obliteration. Their names will be blotted from the Book of Life, and the end will follow almost Im- mediately upon the second coming just as 1,800 years ago the interval was very brief between the descent of the Holy Ghost upon Christ, the incarnation of the Son, and his crucifixion. Yet once again the Father will come among his disobedient children. The executioners of Christ shall look upon him whom they scorned and doomed to a cruel death. They who stoned the prophets and martyred the apostles shall once more listen to their voices. Those who have chosen self for their gold the world for their paradise, and the Devil for their ruler, shall perish with the crust of our globe in its present form. For the remnant, for those who will not refuse to receive the proffered love of the Father, there is reserved eternal life, ever drawing nearer and nearer to the source of all light, the fountain of all love, and the origin of all knowledge. inconceivable and indescribable to man are the glory and happiness of that eternal existence. The finite human mind, which it has taken thousands of years to form, has not the capacity to comprehend the idea of this future felicity. We are wisely limited in conception of what is reserved for the hereafter, or men would be awe-stricken by the magnitude and splendour of the revelation. Infinite are the wisdom, foresight, and tenderness of our heavenly Father And what does he ask of me, the least of his creatures ? Nothing but obedience to an unspeakably perfect and unsearchable wise law, in order that we may be happy on earth and enjoy eternal life hereafter. He Invites us- infants as we are in the scale of being to come to Him as little children, to surrender self a cheerful sacrifice, that the earthly vessel may be purified for the reception of his holy nature, and thus qualify us to participate in that immortality which is possible on no other condition. And now is the fulness of time. 'Die second coming is close at hand, to be followed by the final judgment and woe unto those who turn a deaf ear to the warning voice of the Father speaking through the human instruments which He in His inscrutable purposes has selected for this work. 