MisnP.r,T;ANEOUS. A document just published shows that in tho year ended April 5th, tho amount of income charged with the tax was £122,217,418, the num ber of persons -137,733, nud the amount ot_ tax charged JUU,Oo5,30U— all on tradesand professions. There wero S'tT persons with incomes of £10,1X10 imd under .CoU.OiX), and OS at £50,000 and up wards. Ford's Theatre and the St. Nicholas Hotel, in Baltimore, have been destroyed by lire ; the loss is estimated at 70,000 dollars, a. great religious demonstration has taken place in Lorraine, at the coronation of a stutue to the Virgin ; twenty thousand persons were present, including several bishop.*. By an olliciul paper just issued, the declared value of foreign potatoi s imported in the last eight months had iucreasca to £\ ,835,72!l ; last year, only X')0 1,1-70. Mario Stuart came in the winner of the St. Leger, Don caster being second, and Kaiser third. Uhlan was the easy victor of the Doncastcr Cup, the favourite, W inslow, not securing even a pluee. The importation of eggs increases in a remark able manner. In the last eight months tho value was £1,797, 751), and in the preceding year, £1,302,870. A colossal statue of Nelson has been unveiled in the park of Lord Clarence Pagct, on the Menai Straits. It is to be a mark for the avoidance of certain rocks in tho neigh bourhood, and has been modelled by his lord ship, with the assistance of one Welsh workman, the work, which is liiirhlv spoken of, occupying a period of nearly two years. The .Bishop of St. Asaph, preaching at the re- opening of the parish church of Holt, in his diocese, .spoko strongly against what ho characterised as an undue leaning in the Church of England to tho usages and ritual of the Church of Rome. The cattle disease, which has been so virulent in Warwickshire, has appeared iu Northamptonshire. Mr. Bradlaugh has gone to America to lecturo_ against tho principles of Christianity. Dr. Brindloy, a woll-known theo logical controversialist, follows him, with a view to counteract his pernicious teaching in auy towns which Mr. Uradlaugh may happen to visit. Wo learn from Philadelphia that ' Lord' Gordon is in gaol, charged with larceny and for gery, on warrants from England. The Wigpool Iron Ore Company have cut into a rich and ex cessive ' chum' of irou oro in tho Dean Forest. It is estimated to bo the largest deposit found in the district. From a test already made it is forty yards in length und fifty feet in height, and will occupy some years to extract. At the Tich borno trial the other day, Mr. Hawkins called the attention of the Court to an article in the Cheltenham Chronicle, averring that it had been proved that the defendant is not Arthur Orton, and alleging that there is direct evidence that he is Roger Ticliborno. Tho Lord Chief Justice characterised the article as a gross contempt of Court, and directed that Mr. James Cochranc, the proprietor and publisher of the paper, should attend tho Court to answer for his contempt. He further prohibited tho Claimant from attend ing meetings in future on pain of being sent to prison. When Mr. Cochrano presented himself before the Court ho was fined £150. The British Association have been in session at Bradford. The famous onyx vusc, called the Vase of Man tole, has at lust been found in the treasure chest of the late Duke of Brunswick. It was enclosed in another vase of gilt metal. It is said that nearly !)00,000,000 of letters, 80,000,000 of post-cards, 100,000,000 of news papers, and 100,000,000 of book-packets pass through the l'ost Ollico annually. A hundred Russian emigrants, the advance- guard of a colony of -10,000 who aro leaving Russia to settle in Xunsas, havo passed through New York on their way to their now home. Tho value of the dwcllmg-liouscs erected in England and Wales during tho present century is no less tkau £1,000,000,000. Last year ,238 persons, according lo the verdicts of coroners' junei, died from want, cold, exposure, &e.; ; in the preced ing year 283. The consumption of cocoa is in creasing. In tho last eight months tho valuo imported wo » £477,820., and last year £393,845. Last year 1-1,801 persons wero committod for trial, against lli.KiU in 1871. Of the 1-1,801, tho number acquitted and discharged was 3,210; detained ns insane, 38 ; and convicted, 10,802, of whom 30 wore sentenced to death, and 1,514 to penal servitude. An American farmer mado this season 504 dollars (over £100) by tho salo of raspberries grown on half an aero of land. A serious strike is impending in tho East Worcestershire nail trade, in which about 25,000 persons aro employed. They ask for an advance of 10 per cent. Quory. — Can nnyono bo justified in saying that baldness is hereditary when baldness never has hairs ? A Philadelphia publisher onco advertised under tho head of ' new books :' ' Mill on Political Economy,' ' Ditto on tho Floss.' Nomo me Impuno Lncessit. — A pig broke open a can of nitroglyccrino and swallowed a pound of tho stufl', and now no one dares to kick that porker. By Joseph Billings. — It vr. a grate deal eazier tow be a philosopher after a man has had his dinner then it is when ho don't know whore ho is agoing tew get it. A gentleman being asked by an old lady with rather contused ideas as to Horses ana clogs, u his dog was a hunter, said, ' it was a half setter ; that) ho hunted until ho found a bone, and then set down to eat it.' Tho absurdities of English pronunciation (says a German writer) arc well exhibited in tho ease of the word ' Boz,' which is pronounced ' Dickens.' ' Higher Up.'— Tho ladies do their hair up so higfi now that they have, it is said, to stand on something to put on their hats. Not Personal. — Tho Yankee editor who speaks of a rival editor as a ' freckle-faced galoot,' says ho never indulges in personalities. A young husband handed his wife a dozen buttons the othor day, and asked hor to put a shirt to them. Tit for Tat.— 'Why do you spend so much money in your wife s funeral ?' askod a man of his neighbour. ' Ah, sir,' was the reply, ' she would havo dono as inuoh for me, and znoro too, with pleasure' His First Advertisement. — A contemporary is sarcastic. It says :— ' Tho man who thought he could do business without advertising has been compellod to give in. His first advertise ment was headed ' Sheriff's Sale.' ' A Louisvillo man has been troubled by a visit from the ghost of his first wife. Ho did not see tho ghost's face, but ho knows it must have been her, becauso she marched straight to the pantry and went for tho wedding-cake tho perfidious man had prepared for his second marriage. ? Logical, but Impossible.— A man being ar raigned boforo tho magistruto for obstructing the street, his counsel attompted to treat tho offence as a trifling matter, but tho justico crushed him by sternly asking, ' If ovorybody should obstruct tho street, how could anybody get along P' . Mournful Alternative. — ' Unless you givo me aid,' said tho beggar to a benevolent lady, ' I am afraid I shall havo to resort to something which I greatly disliko to do.' Tho lady handed him a shilling, and compassionately asked, ' What is it, poor man, that I havo saved you from ?' ' Work,' was tho mournful answer. Tho Symptoms. — The reputation of members of the Legislature for sobriety seems to be rather bad in Kentucky. Two of them wero rather noisily drunk on a railroad train the other day, and when the conductor remonstrated, one of them pompously asked, ' Do you not know, sir, that I am a member of the Legislature t' Tho nonductor auietlv replied. 'You've got the symptoms.'— American paper. , Question of Expediency for a Debating Club. —When a thief jumps from a second-story window and the officer in pursuit takes tho leap artor him, would the officer be justified in break* ing his fall by jumping on his prisoner P 