T? A. &\- 1j I A- ML K JST T , LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THtnwDA.r, 25tk Novehbkb, I87S. Tbe SnuXBB touc the chair at thirty minutes past Mr. P-JRKBS. in answer to Mr. O'Oonnor, sai3 a commuueation had b «» sent to the Bench at Wia deyor, for iaformatiou oouoeming tbe conduct of Mr. Wil!i*ut Mu holkaJ, S.P ; ami it vas not litely that ti-e intorMt-ioa s )Ugut for would be received until the end of tbe week. Mr. SUTHERLAND said, in answer to Mi. Burns— 1\. AU platelayers on the railway have to walk over the entire length of their districts en Sundays. This duty was taken into conaideratitm when fixing their wages. 2\. The reJnctioB of the hours of labour h&a; already been made Mr. SUTHICHUND, '' answer to Mr. Barns, with out notice, aaid representations bad been made to him by the ken member and by other gentlemen in the dis trict, to the effect that the plan of Lnsblntrre bridge was too high. He{Hr. Sutherland) had coaeu'.W the Engineer of EWb (tfr. Bennett) on the subject ; and lie was «f a different opinion to the bob member. The bridge would therefore be constructed in accordance With the original plan. t Mr. PAKKB3, in answer to Mr. Lucas, said that, in consequence of the resolutions of the House concerning the Qonlbnrn Volunteer Corp?, being incomplete, they had not keen transmitted to Bis Excellency ; and nothing had been done in tbe matter. Mr. BUCHAWAN presented a petition from Mr. W, H. Biddell, in reference to a mining undertaking at GrenfeU. Mr. DRIVER presented a petition from 8227 rest dents in Sydney against tha Permissive liquor Hill, and a petition from 2166 colonists of New South Wales against the same bill. Tbe petitions were received. Mr. LACKEY brought np the report of tho select committee on tbe Lee's Estate Partition and tale Bi .1, which was ordered to be priated, aud the second reading was made an orcer of tbe day for Tuesday next. On the motion oE Mr. BCKNS, the Australian Joint Stock Bank Act Continuation Bill was referred to a select committee iov inquiry and report. On the motion of Mr. MACINTOSH, tbe House ordered that there be laid upon tbe table of this House — LA copy of the order or proclamation issued by L. Maequarie. Eu., and dated Oetober 6th, 1810, setting forth tke boundaries of tha Market-place, Hyde Park, Maoqnarie-place, Market Wharf, aud the names and descriptions of th* various streets, &a; , in the town of Sydney, aa decrihed in plan 2. Copies of any grants that may have been made by L. Macquarie, Esq., to any person .or persons in trust, for the use of tbe inhabit ants! of Sydney, of the Market-place, Hyde Park .Maoguarie-plaee, Sydney Common, Market Wharf, or other portions of land set apart for the use or recreation of the inhabitants of Sydney. 3. A copy of tbe pro clamatioB made by L. iiiusqxuxie, hsq., and dated October Sth, 1811, setting forth the boundaries of the Sydney Common, aud promising a grant of the same to be hold 'in trust for the benefit of the present and all succeeding inhabitant* of Sydney.' Oa the motion of Mr. GAItK .TT, tho House ordered that there be laid upon thetab'eof this House — 1. A return showing the number of applications for the sur v«j of lands to be put up by nnctioi since the 1st January, 1870. to 31st October last. 2 Ihe numb r ef lots surveyed and offered at anction for same period 3\. The Bomber of such lots so'd waea offered. 4. 'he avnber of Buch lots conditionally purchased before offered for sale at auction and after, respectively, during' same period. 5 The number of such lots selected at the upBet price without conditions of resi dence and improvement 6. The number of such lo s remaining unsold at 3Lsb October lost. 7. The average MOTION OF UES8TJEE. Mr. BaCHANAN moved-' 1. That since the car Tespondence between the Colonial Secretary and the late Attorney.Gi-oeral, in reference to the appoi itment of Ohisf Justice has boen pub'ished, hon members of this House have had an npporuuity of oareful :y perusing it, and that, while highly approving of the appointment of Mir James Martin, in their opinion the correspond ence referred to discloses con iuot on tha part of tbe Colonial Secretary towirds his colleague the Attorney General unworthy an.! disoreiitohlo, Knd der, vviug of the censure of this Hoube 2, Tbat the n'imv resolu tion be oouveyeil by address to hi» Excellency thn Governor ' He »aU every member of the Mouse muat have felt taut the diguity of the pubic life of this oountry was outlawed, when thpy contemplated all this treachery an-l f a^sebood pmanBting from a person so hi h in office as the Premier. The first impresnion, on read ing the correspondence was that the Premier could ouiy have had a casual acquaintance with the Ailonmy General j that he bal only m't him lately, What was the fact f Ihe Prcmir had known the hon member for Argyle for twenty years ; had known him intimateiy ; had been bin wnrm, stoodfus;. ardent friend. He had seen him foil -w the honourable profession of tbe Bar; and had seen him rise to th' highest place fl« a practitioner. He (Mr. Parkes) ha I been an eyowicness of this ; and ttti first man he selected to ocnu y the very onerous and uifncnlt position of A'torney-Uo .eral was the lion member for Argyle., H*viB(t oulruiibd him with that high and responsible poutinn, every one must agree that all those passages in the letter of the 5th November thit referred to the Attorney-General's di-quatific&tian; were not on y unfounded but insincere. ( Hear, hear.) Oenppoiutsd him totheoffion of Attorney-General — an offioe quite as iinportant as that of Chi'f Justice. He ( Mr. Butlei ) held that offiue for eighteen months with honour ncd credit. Thuy all recognised proofs of liia capacity. With what truth or justice could ihe Premier have penned that inhuman Jotter P A letter so inhuman Was the most cold blooded and callous piece of in justice ever perpetrated beneath the sun. (Hear, hear.) The lute Attornty-tiennral neither directly Bar indirectly made application for this office in any poiiible way. lint when tbe office became vacant, tha Premier went out of his way. He did not wait, bat wiled at the chambers of the Attorney-General, He announced to hini with unmitigated satis'action, that the office of Chief Justice was vacant, and he . had coma to offer it to him. Re did tender it to him. It appeared that there was an ehj'ction raised on th» ground of tbe Att--rney-Qeneral's faith ? that mi admitted. Be (Sir. Buchanan) wonld givs L10.0M if be bad i: for the name of the «oman Catholic geatlsman mentioned ia the fetter. Was he a myth f Had be aay exuteacs *tall ? He {Mr, Buchanan) took exception to this letter on the grouud of it' cruelty nnd itsinhwnanity. Would the Premier of England suffer tbe publio to come to him and hunt him about in refer, enoe to tbe appointment of a Chief Justice, and dictate to him- who should ba appointed to this great office ? People had told him lhat his late Attorney General was not, in point of learning, legal qualifica tions, and ability, fit for the -.ffice of Chief Justice, the Premier kunw it to bo a falsehood, lie believed it now to be a fa'Behood. and ho bad allowed that fal*eboad to sway him. If the colleagues ot the late Attorney-General Raid that they were fnrour able to the treatment he had received, let them rise upon their feet now and state it to tbe House. Thore was not one of thffm who bad known about the promises made to the Attorney-General, They had not been consulted. The colleagues of the Premier were treated with the most unmitigated contempt. He (Mr. Buchanan) 'won'd rather be a toad and lire upon the vapours of a dnogcon ' than be a Miri'tcr under s«eh a state of thinpi. But the lata Attorney. General was only an instance of his reaping the fruits Of the position he was in. If ibe Parliament refused to »ay that the conduct revealed iu the corespondenoe was not dishonourable nor dworeditab e to the Premier then let tbe Parliament sink ioiver to a deepor depth of degradation. In reply to {he letter of tbe 5th Novem ber—tortuous, designing, deceitful, doublo-oValinc correspondence— the late Attorney-General sent a reply straightforward, candid, direct. They had the Premier ignoring Ui3 colleagues atogeiher at one time, and making their opposition an nxcuse at another timo, jast as it suite I him There was not an honest, manly heart in Australia that All not beat in sympathy with the lato Attorney-Gcnoral, tint did not condemn ami tramp'e upon the detestable ways by which he hii lioeo deceived ami defrauded : no one ?who riid not nhu.lder at tho thoujht of a person who would do suoh tilings being at the head of affairs. Mr. BENNim1 necouded the in-rtlm Mr. J. B'JBEItriOSsniJ ho did not think duyihiiig cou.d ba gained by the Hciuir exprcs'ung nn opinioa on this matter. Tin motion Hffirm»d the approval of tho appointment nii-io by tbe Government. That being go it seemed to him (Mr. Kobertson) that it was unwise for tbe House id any way to attempt to deal with thin matter, which roil'y Has one between the two honour able gentlemen whosn Barnes had boen mentioned, He (Mr Kobertaon) had his own opinions oa the maitar ? br*. as he did net think any advantage would be gained by dealjog with the matter, he moved ' ? the previous qaestioi.' Mr. FOESTEU Baid this wan ono of tboes questions about which hou members might, reaBonably desire to express their in-imdaal opinions ; yet on which it was doubtful whether it was desirable for the Houso to erpreas its cailedive opinion. Ua (Mr l'orater) en tirely approved of the appuiutment o£ t-irJameB Mai tin to the office of Chief .Jusiico, ia so far as it was an appointment to which be could offjr no objection But it seemed to him (Mr. Forster) that any person qualified for the offioe of Attorney General was qnalified for that of Chief Justice The practice of the mother country had leng ago settledjthispoint, and he thought any ordinary minded individual looking into this correspondence from beginning to end, com paring the subtle tortnous styje ef tbe Colonial ^?n-etary, with the straightforward statements ol his adversary, con?d not but come to any ether e inclusion than that tbe late Attorney-General was led to believe all aAoog tuat a. promise was made to him; that the hon gentlemen had a right to expect to be made Chief Justice. He '{Mr. Forster) thought there And was net thU statement, that he would net stand in the way, . a full admission of the Attorney. General's qualification for the offic-, (Hew, bear) But the Colonial Secretary told os afterwards, that on fuller consideration of the subject— when the public began to discuss it— when a Roman Catholic gent oman of influence ^called npou him to espress bis opinion against it— bis mind was awakened to some disqaalifioa tisos in the hon member. But how was this statement made out through the correspondence ? The hon mem. ber (Mr. Parkes) feuud out, in consequence of this Boman Catholic gentleman, the hon member (Mf. Butler) was not entitled to 'social recognition.' Surely, he had known that before. How many months was he discovering this social position f Tha antecedents of the hon member (Mr. Parkes) made it a comp ete mockery to talk about ' social recognition.' He maintained that the late Attorney-General had been treated by tbe Colonial Secretary in what he (Mr. Forster) thought the hon member who npike before him, characterised a* a treacherous manner, fie had b°en deceived, co doubt. Bat be (Mr. Forster) thought it all served tbe hon member right, [tfr. 1 obbkwoh : Hear, bear] Whit else could he expect from the Colonial Secretary 1 It would have been better for the hon member if be bad con sidered the antecedents ot tbe hon the Colonial Secretary before trusting a person who had dome nothing but betray his friends fremthe beginning When did he ever act honestly, or without treachery to a friend, wliere betraying that friend would conduce to his own interest? Was there an iacident in the hon member's career from the beginning to the end. that did not show that the hon member had built up his aggrandisement npon the n«cks and bodies of his friends ? He had climbed into power by the betrayal of his friends : and could the bos member {Mr. Butler) expect anything ,eke i than | ,what he bad experienced f [ The hon member then referred to the action of the Colonial Secretary in regard to the Kiama Ghost, the condensed man O'FarrelL and to diva giag the con tents of a letter which he (Mr. Parkes} had kept in his possession for seventeen years, and which had b en addressed to him in confidence as the editor ef a news paper] The hon member (Mr Butler) was only one of what we might call 'Parkes's Martyrs.' He (Mr. Forster) bad not the least hesitation in Baying, that if the hon member had been a Protestant iie would have »,en the CbUf Justice Mr. OAKES eaid that all the hou gentlemen who bad spoken were what was known as members of the Opposition, aod it might be thought thst it was only the Opposition who disapproved of the conduct of the Premier ,- but he (Mr. Oakes) who bad always been a consistent supporter of tbe pelioy of the Government, was as dissatisfied with that gentleman's conduct as any member who had spoken, but he thought the bon mem ber (Mr. Buchanan) had done a wrong thing ia bringing the motion forward at the present time, and the House would do well to vole for tb» previous question. He was oonvinced that a direct promise had been made to the late Attorney- General, and he believed that that gentleman weald now be Chief Justice were it not for the sectarian influence brought to bear upon the Colonial Secretary. That was what he disapproved of more than anything else ; bnt it was necessary to retain the present Government for a wbi'.a longer at any rate. When tbe people of the country were appealed to, they would Bbow that they despised any truckling with the religious liberty of tue country. Mr. BUCHANAN replied. He thought the silence of the Government was a convincing proof that they were guilty of falsehood, fraud, and wilful treachery and imposition. It was a lesson to the country not to place such a man aa the OolonialSecretary in the high position he occupies. The country bad reaped the re ward and one of the highest offioera had made known the infamy that existed. The House divided on the question — ' that tbe ques tion be now put '—with the following result : — Ayes, 17. Mr, Parkes Mr. Bennett Lloyd Buchanan Parnell Hurley (0.0.) Sutherland Grahaine S. Brown Scholey Grevillo Campbell E. B. Smith . Clarke 1T „.„ West Stewart JTeUws Cunneen Noss. 22. Mr. J Koberleon Mr. Teece Gnrrett Oakes Alien Hay Hannell Macintosh Lackey Abbott W. Brown Watson Driver Webb Forster O'Connor Maclcay Nelson Piddington Lucas f le'arB- The question was thercforo resoived in the negative. Mr PARKBS said he had been accused of duplicity, of treachery, of deceit, and of every thing else that could bo imagined in h's rela tions as a peteonal friend, The friendship between him and the Attorney General had existed for twenty years, and up to this occasion of the Chief Justiceship that intlmacj had not been broken It was perfectly true, as he had all along admitted, that he was in favour of 'the hon and learned member's appointment to the high office of Ohief Jostioo. He (Mr. Parkes) was in favour of that for a considerable time ; and it was perfectly true that be combated the arguments or objections of colleagues and ot other persons in tbe sincerity of his feeling ia the hon and learned member's favour, aud that In June iast he had occasion to wait upon tbe hon member— not for the purpose of offering him this office, which he ( Hr. Parkes) had at all times deEtred, but to give aim information that the offioe was vacant. H« had con sidered it his duty to give the hon member that infor mation beosuse be was the bead of the Law Depart m-ot ; and it was perfectly true that when be (Mr. Parkes) waited upon him on that occasion ha gave the hoa member fairly to understand that he wood have his (Mr. Parkes's) support to tbe office of Chief Justice. Bat where was ihe evidence in all this, ol duplicity, treaohary, or deoeit. Then was evidence of what ba be ievad was a great fault in a publie Stan— impEadenoe. There was evineooe of that be wonM admit ; bat if be bad been tbe wary, scheming, deceitful mrson he bad been said to be, be would have mentioned nothing about it. But having committed this act ol imprudence, it was held forth that he-waa in honour bound to adhere to it, and carry it out at all hazirn, because they were frit-no's. Did it never occur to these detractors that if there were any obligations of /Headship ipon htm, there were also obligations of friendship np -n the hon and learned member, and if he (Mr. Parke,) were hound to carry out these promises, be (Mr. Butter) if he were bis (Mr. Parkes'jB) friend, when he saw the appointment was likely to lead to dissatifaction with his colleagues, to iuterminab.e embarrassment, was bound, as a per snal friend, to relieve him (Hr. Parkes) from bis promises. Cheers.) But the bon and learned member insis-cd upon advocating his o* aim to this appointment, aod exacting what be supposed and alleged was u promise of the appointment to him. The Govern, tnent had lost eight of the interests of tbe bon member for Arcyle. but they had not lost sight of the interests of toe country, and it was bis .firm opinion that, sooner or later, the public would ba of opinion that those who blamed him (Mr. Parkes) were themselves the moat to blame, and that in rising above hi* per sonal feelings, iu admitting tbe mistakes be had made, aud in doing his best to repair it, be was deserving ,of a little more generous treatment, (cheers ) Mr. BCTLEd said if bis colleagues were opposed to him, why was sot a Cabinet couucil called, iastesd of tue insulting letter of the Sth of Norembar boiug sent to him? The matter bore such a ques tionable appearance that he was bound (to take tbe canree be hart taken. He believed that the letter of the 5th of November was written ta cover tbe deter mination to throw him over. He hoped that no more would be La^rd of the matter. Mr. LLOYi) wid ; On the night of the 81st of October an hon gentleman tod him that the feeling in the House was against the appointment of ilr. liutor, white such an eligible gentleman as Sir James Martin iras to bo had, sad Baying that if Mr, Butler wore appointed a vote of censure would probably be the result, nnd three-fourths of the House would vote for it. {'Mr, BoTl.en : Is nut taat letting the cat ont. of tae big?] There bad been no sectarian influence in the matter. The Government had abundant menus of finding eat that tbo appoint, men t of the lisn member (Mr, Butler) would not give satisfaction to the country, while there was Sir James Ma--tio ready to lake the office. Mr. J. KOBEBTSOff said : The Colonial Secretary had broken bis promise to the Attorney-General simply because be (eared the division that ho knew wonld take place, as evidenced by the opinion of the House on the motion of the bon member, Mr. Garrett. Mr WJEABNE n-pndiat©a any charge of bigotry or sectarianism as connected with him in being a member of this House. He believed tbe right appointment bad been made in Sir James Martin, Mr. WATSON said he bad been aocssed of waiting upon tbe Government in reference to the appointment of Mr. Butler, but he denied it completely. Mr, HUELSY (Central Cumberland) said be had never attempted to in&ueaoe; the Government in any way in reference to the appointment of Chief Justice hut he knew that bad he been appointed, a majority of tbe Housn would have disapproved of it Mr. RAPHAEL wished to see the business of the House carried on. He thought tbe ColonUl Secretary hud lone wrong ia moving the adjournment of the House, ani he wondered that some hoc member more prominent ih«shim»elfhaa not risen to poor oil On the troubled waters and put an end tothe debate. Mr. GAKBETT knew that, on the evening upon which he brought forward bis motion of censure be felt sure that itwonld be earned, but a wonderful change took place in tbe minds ef bon members. I These speeches be considered should have been nude ! before the division I Mr. FOHSTKB considered that tbe discussion bad ! thrown light npon several points sot clearly known [ before); aud that the only motive that had influenced tbe Government is the appointment, w« fear of losing their offioes. The motion for adjonrment was pat and . negatived sir. R. B. SMITH moved— That there be laid npon the table of this House, copies of the correspondence, and of all applications, memorials, report', minutes, descriptions. planB. or other documents, dated since the 1st day of September, 1872, having reference to any application 'by Bichtrd Neville, Thorns* Neville, James Lynch, and Robert Martin, or by Neville, Martin, and party, or by Baker, Tborne, and party, for a mineral selection, or mineral oonditionalpurobase of forty acres of land at Miiburn Creek, county of Bathnrst. Catried. The House adjourned at 20 auautas to 1 o'clock until | 4 o'clock p.m. this day. j Maravilla OoCOa.— Taylor Brothers,' (the largest Manufacturer* of Ooooa in Europe) having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invites comparison wlih any other Cocoa for Parity fine Aroma -Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Fewer — Easinettof digestion, and especially, high delirious fUvour. One trial will aitabUsh it as 'a favourite beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Be fresbmiBt after a late evening. N.B.-Oaution.— * Maba villa' is a registered Trade Hark, Soluble Ohocolate, nude in one minute wltmtut boiling. The above articles are pre. pared ezsiuulvsly by Titlob Baoraias, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold In. tin-lined paokett only by Storekeepers and often all over the *orld ?iteam Mills, Brisk-lans, London. Export Chloorj UUb. Bruges, Belgium. Maravilla Oocoa.— The Globe saye ' Tatlob Bbothkbs' Maravilla Ooooa has achieved a thoroogh success, and supersedes every other Ooooa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish the MaravlUa Cooos above all others. Hot Invalids and Dyspeptics, we aonld not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' For farther favourable opinions vide Standard, Homing Port, »ritit\ Mtiieai Journal, 4a.. Aa. BaiAiTAST— Kpp's ooooa.— Oaixcrir ahd Oohtob Itra— 'Br a thorough kwnrladg* at titt natural law* which conm ths opuatlou ot dlgerttoa aod nutrition, and by a earafoi ppllettloi of Ihe fine propntis of W8ll-s«l«eted cocoa- Mi. Bpps has provided our hnakfatt table with a dell oately flavoured beveran whloh may save us many heavy doctors' bliW— Civil Service Gaottt Made simply wltb tolling nut or milk. Eacfa-puket Is labeU«l-' J«' gpps and -V-. Homwp*thfc'hemiUli. ondon. 