The Hunter River as a Sugar Growing District. IN our issue of tho otb instant it was shown that so far as tho effects of frost were concerned, thore was every reason to concludo that sugar caua could ho cultivated on the rich alluvia's of tho Hunter district, with at least as good a chanco of success as on tho Clarence, or other of our northern rivers : if not also including with thcso the Brisbane and tho Bremer, in Queens i land. Indeed, it is, as was than shown, moro than probablo that injury to the growing cane from frost would more frequently result or he moro severe from Port Macquarie northwards to Moreton Bay. than south wards to Port Jackson. If then, undor these circum stances, sugar is being largely aud profitably grown ia spite of tho occasional visits of nipping frosts, at tho Clarance, &o; , it only remains to be shown that the soil of tho Hunter district is suitable to tho plant, and that tho temperature and duration of tho warm season aro sufficient for its proper development, in ordor to estab lish a stroug prima Jacio caso in favour of its adapta bility to tho successful aud profitable introduction of tho husbandry ; with prospects certainly not inforior to tboHo of any other district of Now South Wales Tho richness of the soil on tho alluvial flats has no need to bo discussed now. Tho very extensive area of yory forlilo land on either side ot tho River Hunter and it tributaries tho Williams and the Paterson, has long booti celebrated for its abundant yield ot lucerne and maize. Before tho to be lamonted advent of rust, wheat also was produced, yiolding large crops of a fair quality. Now, however, so fur as thc Lower Hunter is concerned, wheat culture has ceased ; and, at various spots, mills may bo seen falling to decay. Somo of theso mills, or flour factories, aro oxtensivo and coBtty structures, but their occupation has gone to rust in moro senses than ono At present, lucerno hay is tho staplo production. From fivo to eight cuttings cr harvestings can bo unido in good seasons ; nnd no in an uro whatever is used. Through over production, thc prico of this staplo pro duct is so low that it scarcely covers tho cost of making and markoting. Tho averago wholcsalo price in Sydney is not much over -15s por ton ; while freight., prossjng, and other markoting expenses m nat amount to within a fraction of that sum. That farmers ure able to live by this culturo, and to pay rout for their forms at the rato of from ono to two pounds sterling per annum, por acre, out of tho &inall; margin, speaks volumes in Bupport of tho _ fortility of tho soil, and moro particularly of its fortuity iu respect to tho growth of lucerne. It is woll known that lucoruo can only bu grown suc cessfully on extra good soil ; and also that, thc soil best suited to it is, iu its chemical constituents, of tho char aotoi' rcquirod for tho growth ol' sugar nano. Tho soil of tho district under consideration cannot, a» has been shown, bo surpassed iu rogan! to tho former ; therefor o, it is reasonable to conclude that it is well adapted for tho growth of tho latter. Further, tho soil is of u similar character (geological) to that of tho alluvials of thoOluronco aud other northern districts, which have nlroady proved well adapted to tho proper dovclopmeut of sugar cane, lt may, hownvor, bo thought by somo that much of tho land on tho Huutor uiuBt havu becouio impoverished, sinco it hus boon for many yoars in cultivation, lt ia quito reasonable to suppoBO that Buch is tho case. Yet, as wo havo soon, it is still cap able of producing groat crops of lucerno; and it has beon well ascertained that laud which bau bocomn "lucorno sick" only requires u rest, or to bo used for other crops for u few years, ia order to restore it to its original quality. From what wo havo advanced, it will bo scon that noither tho frosts of winter, nor tho character of tho soil, of at least that part of tho Hunter Uiver district wbioh hos botween Maitland and tho sea, oiler no obstruction to tho successful introduction of sugar husbandry. So far as climate is concerned, it only rouiaino to show that tho summer température is sufficiently high, and con tinues so for a sufficient number of weeks or months, to enable tho canes topropprly elaborate their juices Tbis wo think wo can best do by producing actual experience. Wo know that sugar cane was planted in various parts of tho district some years siuco, and that it was very generally abandoned, without tho ghost of a fair trial. Frost, quite unreasonably, scared most people Tho following extracts from a letter rf cently written by Mr. Hush Frazer, of Viewfield, Miller's Forest, be tween Morpeth and Raymond Terrace, will shqw that much of what has been advanced is wed horne out by his experience He says :-*'In March. 18(38, I p1 anted ono acre and a-half of sugar cann. I have cut that three times and made it into sugar Tho floods of 1870 were up as high as four and five feet through the canes. The only injury noticeable from this cause was the extra labour in clearing off tba dirt tw-ü rubbish deposited on the land, and amongst the rows of cane " During the last three years I havo planted eight acres and a-half more, consisting chir>fiy of tho Tahi tian variety, but also some of tho Ribbon. The former is. I think, tho best for this district, as tho frosts do not affect i-. much. The winter of 1872 was very severe with frost, and my cane was quito green all through the winter. Ribbon grows very well here, but it does not seem to rattoou as well as tho Tahitian." The situation of Mr Frazer's plantation may bs taken ns a fair avprago of tho district ns regards frost It will always bo found that frost l»ys more heavily in some particular spots than others. This is chiefly owing to the nature of the soil, and tho cbaractor of its natn ral drainage, and eau bo, in most cases, rectified by judicious underground drainage. Wo are also of opinion that, even if sugar cane should bo injured by such frosts as visit tho Lower Hunter, evon in severe winters, it would only bo temporary, and that by levying the canes a month or so later in the spring, before cutting tho juice would be restored to its uormul quality AP men tioned in our last article on this subject, wo recently visited several small patches of sugar cane, some ns high up ns Hinton, all of which were very well grown samples, and included several varieties besides those ! mentioned bj' Mr. Frazer. The Viewfield plantation, aB has been seen, consists chiefly of the Tahitian variety, one which is not con sidered rich in sugar compared with other sorts, yet the juice, as shown below, will comparo favourably with that produced on tho Clarence, or evon in Queensland. It stands at 10 degrees Beaume. We regret tuat we cannot, as we expected, give tho result of Mr. Frazer's crushing, bis machinery not having answered his expectations. He says :-" With regard to my plant, I arranged with a person who I understood to be a practical engineer in the erection of sugar machinery. He made a plan of the works, and led me to think that it was most completo, that I could get to mako a-half ton of sugar per day I engaged him to superintend the erection of the plant, and pur chased it in Sydney forL500. Tho erection of premises and freight made tho wholo cost near L800 ; and now the boi'er will not do, or is not capable of doing, half thc work it was represented that it would do. It is ruinous to me now that I have spent my capital to get a complete plant, and boing BO deceived that 1 cannot got through half tho work. I am not able to replace tho machinery at present I ought to have had my ca* e crushed and turned into sugar by this timo ; but, owing to tho deficiency mentioned, I have only in ad o about two tons of sugar yet. Tho juice stauds at 10 degrees Bcaume. This lcd me to exp ct at least two tons of sugar to tho acre, but tbrongh tho imperfect machinery I have as yet only made two tous .altogether, and too great a proportion of molasses." Mr. Frazer is a respectable, industrious, and perse vering Bottler of small meauB, and wo think Buch perseverance ns ho haB displayed should bo recognized. Through his exertions it is moro than likely that sugar culture on tho Hunter will become a great fact Perhaps there aro 50,000 acres on tho Hunter alone suitable for sugar growing, and one acre of fair sugar cane would yield a larger profit to tho actual farmer, and to tho country, than ten acres of lucerne. Such enterprizo is, when it proves successful, of far moro' national importance than the discovery of the richest gold-lield, and should meot with roward in accordance with that importance 