CONSKUHATION OF THE VEHY JiK\r. FAl'HKIt itHY.VOLDS AS UOMAN CATHOLIC J1I.-SII0P OF ADKLAIDK (From the SjiiH Australian Aiirerlinn of Monday last.) The ceremony of consecrating Ihe Very Eer. Father Kcynolds, recently Adlilinis. trator of tlio Diocese, us Roman Catholic UiBhop of Adelaide-, took place at St. Francis Xsrior's Cathedral, ou Sunday, November i. Father Ihynolds is greatly beloved by tbc uiembera of his own church, and by his kiudnos and courtesy he bus secured the rospect and eslceui of a very large number of persons who are not Itouiau Catholics. No doubt bis elevation to the charge of the diocese will meet with very general approval. He waa born iu Dublin in mi, and was edu cated in a Carmelite Convent near that city. Subsequently he spent two or thrco Lublaec in tbo 1'dpal Stales ; a- j front thenco ho went lo Western Australia, Buying there about two years, and 1S57. He was ordained iti this colony by Bishop UcugucKin iu April, IUiJO , nud during his rcudcn.-c here Father SeynolJs has been Htntioned at Wallaroo, Mori.hell Vale, and Gawler. Ho was living at the latter place when he was appointed, ou the death of Uishop Sliiel, Administrator of the Diocese. Tbe consecration of a bitlup being a novelty in Adelaide, it is not sur prising lhat con»idi*ral)lc interest was ex cited long belorc the emit -ook place, and that the interest was intensified us the day approached, a*nl us dignitaries of the ltoman Catholic Church, including the Archbishop (Dr. Poldini:), arrived to take stances it was but natural to suppose that the serricc would be, as it was, very largely attended, for it was known that on this occasion the im|-ositiK ritual of the IIoqulq Catholic Church would be seen iu all its grandeur ; and certainly such a spectacle was never before witnessed in Adelaide. The Cathedral had been improved iu various particulars, acd aaiougst them the roof of the chancel had been colored blue, reliered by e,o!d stars. The arrange ments were perfect. Archdeacon Ifussell and Father Kchoe acting as Masters of the Crremnnlea. Punctually at 10 o'clock the procession into tbe church bcRan. First came tho sanctuary boys, preccdoi by the Cross ; then the acolytes, followed by the priests nil I, e diocese. Fathers Hughes, O'Connor, Kennedy, Qiinlsn, llnngacrts. Van tier Hcyden, Moore. Sullivan, M.-Closkey, PallhubiT. and Hagcr. Next in order were the Dishops, with the Chaplain, as follow : -The Uiihop ol Hobart Town, (Dr. Murphy). Chaplain, Dr. O'Connor; the Dishop of Dalhurst (Dr. tjuinn). Chaplain, Father Corcoran ; the Uishop of Mnitland (Dr. Murray). Clnplain. Father llurke ; and Hie llishop Kleet of Adelaide (Father Heyuolds). Chaplain. VeryHov. Father Tappeiner. Laacame the ArcliMsliop (Dr. l'olding) with his Chaplains, Father Collelti.and Very Her. Father Stmlc (Superior at Serenhfll Col lege). The Archbishop, who, although an octogeuariau, was very efl'ectivo in his i:n|K-rtant part of the service, wore a black c.ivsock with the usual accompani ments, the llisbops ol Hobart Town and Uathurt irore copes and mitres, but the Uisliop of Mnitlund, not harini; directly to as»tst in the consecration, appeared in 1 lie ordinary Hisbop's dress of purple. Father Iteynolds had a cope, but in the place of a mitre he wore a biretum. The Archbishop on ascending the throne was robed by Father C -Hctti in the rich Gothic vestments of bis office, the chasu ble being extremely handsome, as wore also, in a init:o.' degree, tho chasubles of the other prelates. Tbe ceremouy of tin Iv in Latin, was then proceeded wilh. The Dishop Elect nas conducted by Ihe two assistant Bishops before tho Arch bishop, the Conscrrator, who occupied a seat iii front of ihe altar ; and the Uishop of Hobart Town, addressing the Conse crator. said--' Mo-t rererend Father— Our Holy Mother, the Catholic Church, requires that you raise this Priest here present to the charge ol the Episcopate.' Tho Confccralor— ' Hare you the apos tolic mandate P' Tbe Bishop of Hobart Town—' We have.' The Consecrnlor— ?' Let it be rend.' The Very liev. Father Byrne, Conscsrator'* notary, then read the mandate ; and subsequently the Uishop Elect, knccliug before Ihe Conse. crater, rend thn oath of spiritual fealty und obedience. After the ceremony of consecration tho sermon was pr.'aclii'd by the Bishop of Maitland from thetollowing text :-' Take heed In yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops lo rule the Church of God which ho hath purchased with his own blood.' — Ada of the Apos(.l-'», r-liap. vr., v.28. The service then closed. There was but little music during the service; that little, however, was well rendered by an clEcicnt choir, with Miss Morris as. organist. In the evening there waa another crowded congregation. The Archbishop and the whole of the prelates assisted in the service, and Father Collelti preached an able and very cUVotive sermon. 