AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. U loyal to the royal m myself, And loyal to thy land, as this to thee— Bear witness, that rememberable day When, pale as yet, and fever worn, the Prince, Who scarce had pluck'd his flickering life again 1?havm liul frrrQ r? f.llfl flf ffFflVP Past with thee thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man And welcome ! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayc-r of many a race and creed, and clime — Xhunderiess lightnings striking under sea Prom auneet and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us 44 Keep ycu to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly 1 Friends — your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond and go." Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made ua rulers ? this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougoumout Left mightiest of ail peoples under heaven F What shock has fool'd her since, that she should speak So feeble ? wealthier — wealthier — hour by hour ! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas ? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Tbee and thy prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Oar ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever broadening England and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness ; if she knows And dreads it, we are fall'n. — But thou, my Queen, Nor lor it6elf, but thro'' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Rather than Gray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like & cloud, man shaped from mountain peak, - And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Maelleor's, one Touch'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, ASid crownings and dethronements ; take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours ; for some are scared who mark Or wisely or unwisely, Bigns of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour, And fierce or careless looseners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn of simple life, Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'u from France. And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own arms : the goal of this great world LieB beyond sight : yet — if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common-sense, That saved her many times, not fail — their fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the West, TJ7 b awa a11 .rv-f Vic a»u 1 1 a! /V > am n cvrnvr YT uoro on vi uigu ouu uuij uice a, >t oy . — Tennyson. 