EXTRAORDINARY OUTRAGE IN BALLARAT EAST. About seven or eight o'clock on Satur day evening a butcher named Penballuriak, residing in King street, Melbourne road, went to the Eastern station and informed Sergeant Larner that all the windows in his house were being smashed in by some mysterious agency; that up to that time 23 panes bad been broken, and although himself and many of his neighbors had been on the watch, tbey had been unable to discover the perpetrator ot the outrage. What made the occurrence more alarming was that his wife lay ill in bed, having been confined two days ago. Constable Smith was immediately dispatched .to the house, where he found matters as described by. Penhalluriack. The windows were partly boarded up, and blankets bung in front of them ; but strange to say, even whilst Smith was in the bouse, two or three panes were broken. When he went into the front room a pane was broken at the back; when he went to the back, another pane was smashed in the front window. The affair caused a good deal of sensation in. the neighborhood, and crowds of people sur rounded the premises—everybody being on the alert, but nobody able to detect the agency by which the windows were broken before their eyes. Of course there was talk of spirits, ghosts, and similar nonsense; but, our reporter, on visiting the place last night with Sergeant Larner, became convinced that the das- tardly outrage was the work of some malicious wretch, who seems to have a de- sigh upon the life of the poor woman lying helplessly ill in bed. Dr Dimock, who has been attending Mrs Penhalluriack, states that something serious, if not fatal, may follow upon the shock to his patient caused by the atrocity. One or two panes were broken yesterday whilst Dr Dimock was in the house, but strange to say, not a pane was cracked in the window of the bedroom where Mrs Penhalluriack is lying. Several stones were found in the house, and these appear to have come from the outside, but there is a very strong theory that some of the panes must have been broken from the inside. The back yard is close fenced all round, and a low verandah shades the two back windows, in addition to which blanketing was hung upon the verandah in such a way as to make it next to impossible that a stone could reach the windows from the out side; yet several of the top panes were broken after these precautions had been taken, and one of these panes was certainly struck on the inside, as the glass is bulging outwards round the small hole made by a pebble. The only persons who were in the house whilst most of the smashing was going on were Mrs Thomas, the nurse, and a ser- vant girl named Percifone Jouva. The former was in close attendance upon her patient; but the latter, a young woman of about twenty, was doing the household work, and states that she had several narrow escapes of being struck by the stones, some of which came bouncing into the room just as she was entering it. One or two of the stones on being picked up were warm, as though they bad been carried in some person's pocket. Mr Penballuriack states that he is not on very friendly terms with a neighbor named Ransome, who, strange to say, gave a woman named Margaret Clarke into cus- tody on Saturday for wilfully breaking one of his windows. Ransome strongly denies having anything to do with the outrage at Penhalluriack's.—. Ballarat Courier. 