Presentation Convent—' ICeeeption' of a Novice. (Abridged from the Lauttceston Examiner.') The ceremony of ' Reception' or taking the White Veil, in connection with the Presentation Convent, took place on Wednosday, at the Church of the Apostles. This being tbe first ceremony of tbo kind at Launceston, a good deal of interest was taken in tho event, and a largo congregation assembled on the occasion. Tickets of admission to tbe nave were paid for at Is each, and to otber parts of the Cburob at 6d, tbo receipts to be appropriated to tho convent building fund. The front seat was resorved for the community of the convent, and tbe relations ef the young lady about 10 take tbe religions babit. Shortly beforo tbe ceremony oommenced, tho father and sister of the postulant, Mr Boylson and Miss Bnylson, of Bathurst, New South Walos, wero escorted to their scats. Tbe required arrangements had been 111 n da by tbe saoristan for the convenience of the poBtulant, the Superioress, and assistant, at the chancel. Mr. A. Roper conduoted the choir, Miss Doivling presiding at the organ. Several pro cessions took place during the proceedings, which, in addition to the usual prayors and ceremonies, oompriaed a sermon by tba Most Rov Bishop Murphy, who also officiated as celebrant. At half past ten tbo first procession moved from the sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal attire took part, and these alone exoited considerable admiration ,' there were Misses Ellen and Ceoily Murphy (little daughters of his worship tbe Mayor of Launceston)1 Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Roper, Florence and Gertrude Doolan,i.and Theresa Hadfiald. The Misses Florence Doolan and E. Roper offioiuted as acolytes, and the processional cross was borne by Miss Hadfield. They wore followed by tbe altar boys, and then came the clergy — tho Revs. J. Hogan (WeBtbury), M. O'Csllaghan (Longford), tbe Bishop, bearing his pastoral orozier ; Revs E F.. Walsh (Deloraine) and M J. Beechioor (Campboll Town), irho officiated as deacon and sub deaoon ; with tbe Very Ror. Dean Butler and Rev J. Feehan. After a brief interval, tbe 'bridal angel*,' young ladies before named, appeared, followed by tbe novice-oleot, (Miss Mary iJoylson), a young lady, who was superbly attired in »)white silk dress, trimmed nitb Limerick lace, and a handsome white veil, with ? appropriate ornaments, the Revs. Superioress and Mother Assistant (sister and neice of Bishop Murphy), with tbe nuns andnoviciates of the convent, each hearing a wax candle' The prooession traversed the aisles, passing tbe choir, to tbo chancel, and then took their position, the bishop and clergy at tbe alter, and tbe novice and attendant noos in front of the rails, the choir meanwhile singing ' O Gloriosa Virginum' The Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and having blessed tbe candle, incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to the postulant, saying, 'Receive, dearly beloved daughter, tbis corporal light, as an emblem of the inward light, to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error ; that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wisdom, with the fervor of tbe Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Josus Christ, ihe spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God tbe Father, in tho unity of God tbe Holy Ghost, world without end.' Tbe Postulant and Convant community having then taken their seats, the Bishop entered the pulpit for the sermon. ' ? His Lordship took for his text Psalm xv., verse 5, 'The Lord is the portion of my inheri tance and of my cup : it is Thou that wilt restore my inheritance to me/' At the olose of the sermon his lordship proceeded with tba ceremony. Tbe Rev Supe riorpss having raised tbe poBtulant from her Beat, she and the mother ossijtant conducted her to the rails, where the Bishop proposed the ques* tions: — My child, what do you demand ? The mercy of God, tbe holy habit of religion, tbe obarity of the Order, and the society of the mother and Bisters. Is it nitb your free will and consent you demand the habit of religiou? ' Yes, my lord. The Bishop (to tho Rev Superioress) : Rev Mother, have you inquired into the otber points necessary to bo known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied ? . Yes, my lord. Tbo Bishop : My dear child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient strength to bonr constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jcnus Christ, for tho lovo aud fear of God alono. The Novice : Rolying on tho mercy of God, nad on trio prayers of tho moihorB and sistors, I hope to be nblo to do so. The Bishop: What God has commenced in you may ho himself pcrfcot. Muy the Lord banish from you the old man with his works Tho poBtulant having responded to theso prayers retired, passing along tho 6ideB, accom panied 'by tho rev superioress and the Mother Assistant and other?, and afterwards to tho pluco appointed to chango her secular dreBs for the religious babit ; the ohoir sinking In cxilu Israel de yJEgi/pto, and tho Laudnle puerc. During this time tbe celebrant and other clergy remained seated. Tbo bishop thon blessed and sprinkled the outer dress of tho postulant, wbioh had boon previously placed by tho sacristan, who took them to the postulant. His lordship also blessed and sprinkled the voil. On tho return of tbe novice elect wearing her religious habit, tho choir sang the Qua; est hta—' Who is she tbat cometli up from tho desert, flowing with delights, loaning upon bcr beloved? Thou art all fair, my beloved, milch and beautiful. Como my sponso, from Libanus; come, thou slialt bo crowned.' Tho postulant, after the oustomary prayers, was presented by tbe rov Superioress with the oinoture (or girdle) and remaining part of tbe dress, tlie colebrant saying, ' When thou wast younger, tbou did'st gird thyself ond did'st walk wbete tbou would'et ; but when thou shall be old, another shall gird tbeo. In the namo of tbe Father, &s.;' The Bishop afterwards con ferred tbe namo in religion of tbe novice, Sistor Mnry Agnes, when the cboir chanted Regnum mundi; and the novice having boen raised by the mother assistant retired a few paces from the rails and sung 'Ericlavic cormeum, vcrbum honum; dico ego opera, mea regi ; tho cboir responding Quern vidi quern amavi, in quern credidi, quern dileri, §e.- ' Tbo Bishop intoned Vent Creator Spiritus, nnd after further prayers sprinklod the novice with holy water, and the ceremony of embraoing the novico followed, commencing with tbe Rer Mother and including tbe rest of the nuna one after another; the ohoir chanting Ecce quam Bonum, followed by the Deus Misereatur, and other psalms. The EpiscJpul benedictiou was then pronounced, tbe concluding procession was formed, and tho ceremony terminated. 