PRESENTATION CONVENT, HOBART TOWN. (From our Special Reporter.) [?] Ou Thursday last the imposing ccrcmmiy of a 'reception,' or receiving the white vail, was celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, in the presence of a numerous congregation, no charge (aa is usual on these occasions) being made for admission. These ' recep tions' are more freauent in Tasmania than formerly, the Presentation Convents which have of late yearn been established in Hobart Town and ljiunccskm having attracted within their walls several young ladies who have decided to adopt a religious life. The last reception took place at Launccston. The worldly name of the young lady postulant on this occasion was Miss Anastasin Mary floyl son, but the name ^iie has chosen in religion if. Sister Mary Finned of Sales. She t« tho third daughter of Michael Uoylson, E«q., of Hathum, New South Wales, her niner, Miss Mhry Boylfion, having received the while veil at the LaunccHtoD Presentation Convent several months lince. The cathedral had prerlouilr undergone some Improvement*, and the Bnnciuary presented a very pleasing spectacle, the irradiations from the num-rous candles on the altar when the Benediction wtis celebrated, the altar Itanlf profusely covered with flowers. And the splendid stained Itiafla window as a background, having a very grand aud effective appearance. In addition to this the ccrcmooy was honored by the presence with one exception of all the priests n the island, which addeJ considerably toils so many priests attended at a religious cere mony of this kind in Tasmania. o'clock, and short ly ufler that hour, the pro* cession, headed by' tho cross-bearer, left the sacristy, followed by twelve boys wearing miutancB and cot Us, after whom followed the rtcrgy walking two and two, and also wear ing Boutancs and cottas; then came the thurifer beater and icolytn, immediately after whom was the master of ceremonies, followed hv the deacon and sub-deacon, and lastly IKf; Lordship the HMiop of Hobart Town, who was attired (nfull pontificals and wearing the handaome mitre, the gift of the late Karl of ShrcwHbury to the late Bishop Willson. While the procession was wending its way to the altar the choirof thecathcdral tang the hymn ti Ghritua Virgittum. At the termination of the procession, the mine, headed by one of the young lady boarders of thn convent carrying a cross, «nl followed by two younger ladies called 'angels,' the novices, th-* professed nune, Muilier Assistant, and Mother Superior, the tioviciaU- walking between tho latu-r two laiiiva, a lighted taper .wing carried by each of the three, paused along the aisles. The no vice-elect was attired in a rich white tarlt'ton dress, a white tulle veil, and a she also wore a bouquet of orange hlos-ujn.i in bur brewst, and carried one in her hand. Altogether her apjiearannes wa? very prc potfbCAsiug, both iu lu-r bridal array and sub sequently when Him appeared in the molest After the procrsulon had arrived at the sanctuary the service commence!, the Rifihop being celebrant ; deacon and sub deacon. RevH. C P. Woods and V. II. Hen netirv respectively. The young ladies in attendance called ' angeis,' were the Misses Jane ant Tvrewi Bnylaon (MRtcn of the nnvfci'-elect). Miss IJridgct Flanagan, and Miss Margaret Trclojian ; Rev. D. P. X. Upcchiuoir, master of ceremonies. Prayers having been raid, and the Bishnp 'and dcaciinB having taken their seats In the aisle in front of the ninin altar, the remaining priests taking rats in ibc eanctuary, the U-v. M. «. Ueecblnoir received* the Ui«l)np*fl blessing, proceeded to the pul pit. and delivered a sntiiewliat extempore ai-rmnn, taking his text from xix chapter of St. Matthew, verse xxf x :— ' And every one that hath left house, or brethren, or rIbUth, or father, or knottier, or wife, or children, or lauds, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fnld and ohail jrossess lifecver ta^tinn.' He. referred to the choice of the young unvicc In cm I) racing evangelical po vony, and in abandoning cviTythinv worldly in order to follow Christ, lie trunU'd she would persevere iu her constancy and endeavor to adorn her soul with the many priceless (dfU of God. The life which she was about to enter an would enable her to hotil conversations with her God on most important subjects, and a far greater friend ship would be cemented between Him and herself. Father Itccchinor concluded his excellent discourse by imparting the bless ing of his heart to the young aspirant. Thp Bishop and deacons then pro weded to the' grate, 'inside which the nuns were assem bler!, and after some preliminary prayers, the following questions were put to the young lady and her answers given :— Mia Lordship- My child, what do you de N.ivlcc elect— Mercy of Goi, the holy habit of religion, the'chaHty of the order, and the aneictv of the mothers and siBters. His Urdship— Is it with your own free wilt and consent you demand the holv hnbit of rellfion ? Novicc-clcct — Vea, mr lord. His Lordship— Rev. Mother, hare you en quired into the other points necessary to l-c known for those who enter into religion, and arc ynu fully sat Isfled? I,-iny Superior— Yo«, my lord. His Lordship— My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think yon have suf ficient atrongcll to bear conBtAlltly thr sweet yoke of our Lord Jcsub Christ for the lore and fear of God alone ? Koviee-clect— Itclying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and slslera, I hope lo be able to no so. His I/irdshlp— What God has commenced in yon may He perfect. The Choir then replied ' Amen.' The Novice-elect then retired from the cathedral and went into the convent, an-l the .vrcmony of blessing the habit or new drees in which she waa to attire herself, was per formed liy the Bishop. Some prayers weJie then saiil, and the novice presented herself, attired in the habit of ' uuiinp' and veil, minus the cincture, but holding in her hand a lighted wax candle. On her entering the cathedral ihc ch Miters conimenocd the ontl phon, ' Qutr til i«/o.' The Bishop then ilessed the novice and the remainder of the religions dress with which she was clothed. The I/idy Superior thin raised the novice, who had been Ina kneeling portion for some time, nntl the Mnlh.T Assistant presented the cincture with the rest of the dress In the Superior, who put it on the novice while the Bishop repeated the following pmycr in Latin s— ' When, thou wast young thou didst cir.l thyself and didst walk where thnu wouljst, hut when thou shall be old another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen.' After receiving the cincture the novice knelt and the Lady Superior gave her the veil which had been blcssm), the other one being withdrawn, (he lll.hop saying in Latin at 'lie same time:— '? Receive the white veil, the emMem of in ward purity, (hat tlmn nuyst follow the Ijimb without stain, and mnvst wait with Him In white. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghoat. The lady Superior then put on the cloalc of the novloe, the Bishop meanwhile saying in Latin:— ' May the Lord restore to thce the robe of immortality which thou didst lose in the prevarication of thy oral parent*. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, nnd of the Ilolr Ghost. Amen.' The novice then took the wax candle In her hand, and was sprinkled with holy water bv tho Itlsbop, who at Ihc same time gave her the religious name she selected, viz, Mary Francis of Bales. The refrain JiraitNNi muitiii was then mng by r.nc of the nuns, who possesses a voice of excellent ?weelni'Si and effect, ana it was replied to by the choir. The novice repeated alter nately with the choir ; ' My heart hath ottered e good word, I ipeak my works to the King' t the oholr replied : ' Whom I have seen, whom I nave loved, In whom | have believed, and towarai whom my heart indlnrth.' After thin the Vati Crmlar was intoned Ijy the Blahnp, and after »ome prawn had bun Mid. the novice was uprinicled With holy vator. The hymn Doing snlahcd, thn clergy and rtfiiinun rose and tinned to tt)e altar, tbe novice atlll remaining prostrate, and! lie Bishop saia the following prayer :— ' O God who wiliest not the death of a sinner, hut always scekest the amendment of his life by repentance, we humbly beseech Thee that Thou niayst vuuehsafe to pour the plenteous grace of'Tliy mercy on Thy servant, re nouncing vroidlv concern* t so that being admitted into Thv camp, she may be able to finish (he course uf this present life so good a soldier iu Thy service, that she may receive at Thy hanils the prize of everlasting recompense. And us by Thy inspiration she dcslrelh to be associated and live in cummunity with this sisterhood, so with Thy elect slic may olitaln the pro mised remuneration from Thee who re wardest all the virtuous, through Christ our Lord. Amen.' At the conclusion of this prayer! the novice rose and embraced her religious sisters. Sue then retired between the Kev. Mother and the Mother Assistant, while the choir sang the hymn Deus miMcrealur. The I'ontiflcial Benediction of the Molt Holy Sacrnuieut was celebrated by tbe Bishop, assisted liy the Itevs. C. P. Woods, and 1'. 11. llcniiebry, at the termination of 