NEW POEMS BY LONGFELLOW A NEW volume by Mr Longfellow is sure of a kindly welcome from the English reader, who will be glad to see that the author of " Evangeline " has not again been playing truant in the translation of an Italian classic, or in a metrical adapts tation of the New Testament, but has returned to the true bent of his genius, and has given us another series of " Tales of a Wayside Inn " and " Birds of Passage." In these days, also, when a confusion of tongues such as hindered the Tower of Babel seems to have fallen upon the writers of poetry, each having a person resembling that of his neighbor in nothing but that it is unintelligible, it is a relief to be reminded that there are still ports left who do as Shakespeare, Wilton, Dryden, Pope, Byron, and Wordsworth did before them, and honestly endeavor to turn plain thought into plain English. We look upon the sustained popularity of Mr Longfellow and Mr Tennyson as a standing protest against the labored obscurity of a real poet Uko Mr Browning, and still more against the pretensions of certain writers whose pens have for some years past been puzzling in a round of mutual adulation. With great complacency, and to the great astonishment of the outside world, these bards have enlisted each other into the band called the immortal band. If just recently a silence has fallen over the new school and its affiliated critics, it is, we presume, because they have settled all things to their own satisfaction, and have now nothing more to say. The new school has proved itself right in all things beyond all doubt of its adherents; but the general public goes its way, and receives this little volume of simple verse with pleasure and even eager- ness. Mr Longfellow has given to those his latest poems the title "Aftermath," the name also of some verses printed last in the book : When the summer fields are down, When the birds are fledged and flown, And the dry leaves strew the path; With the falling of the snow, With the cawing of the crew, Once again the field we mow And gather in the aftermath. Not the sweet new grass with flowers Is this harvesting of ours ; Not the upland clover bloom ; But the rowen mixed with weeds, Tangled tufts from marsh and reads, Where the poppy drops its seeds In the silence and the gloom. The " Tales of a Wayside Inn " continue according to the plan of former poems, this third part beginning like the * Jftemath. By Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Bordeaux, London ; 1973. others with a prelude, the succeeding tales being separated by interludes, and the whole ended by a finale, which sends the guests on their several ways, and thus ac- complished the scheme of the poet We have first a sketch of the old inn, with fire- light streaming from all its windows, and moonlight glistening on the guilt vane , While underneath, with flowing mane, Upon the sign the red horse pranced And galloped forth into the night " The guests seated within doors are the same we know the Spanish Jew, the poor, the student, the theologian, the Sicilian, the music, and the landlord The winds are loud without, and as the guests pass, the Spanish Jew matters within his beard Boholding his mysterious face, "Tell me," the gas Sicilian said, " Why was it that, in breaking bread At supper, you about down your head And, musing, paused a little s once, As one who says a silent grace ? ' the Jew replied, with solemn me, "I said the MiinioliMan's prayer It was his faith perhaps is mine, That life in all its forms is one, And that its secret conduits run Unseen, but in unbroken Into, From the great fountain bond divine Through man and boast, through grain and grosS However we struggle, strive, and cry, From death there can be no GRape, And no escape from life, alas ' because we cannot die, but pass From one into another shape It is but into life we do therefore the Mamehisau Bind This simple prayer in breaking broad, Lost ho with hast) hand or knife Might wound the incarcerated life, the soul 111 things that we call dead 11 did not reap then, did not bind thee, I did not the ash the, did not grind thee Nor did I in the oven bake then It was not I it was another Did (those things unto thee, O brother ¡ I only have they, hold thee, brook thee 1' " The Spanish Jew then tells a story of how Azracl, angel of death, sought and found. The mighty Runjeet Sing, a learned man, And Bnjuh of the realms of Hindostan. King Solomon at evening walked before his palace gate with a " stranger than the East," even the Rajah - And as they walked the guest became aware of a white figure in the twilight 1111, Gazing intent IIB one who with surprise His form and features seemed to recognise. This was Attack, and the Rajah, in terror, besought King Solomon to exert his power and s ii 0 him from the death angel by bidding arise a wind which should bear him back to Hindostan The king gazed upwards at the cloudless sky, Wlnsporod a word, and raised his hand on high And lo! the signet ring of olirysopniBO On his up lifted Ingot seemed to blaze With hidden fire, and rushing from the west 'there came a mighty wind and seized the guest And lifted him from earth, and on they passed, His Binning gorgeous streaming in the blast, A silken banner o'er the wall appeared, A purple cloud, that gleamed out disappeared. 'Union said the Angel, smiling "If this man He Rajah Runjeet Sing of Hindostan, Thou hast done well in listening to his play 01 ¡ I was upon my way to seek him there.. " This little poem is only two pages long, and here we may remark that Mr. Long follow knows what all good poets have known, and what so many bad poets refuse to know-how to be short The Jew is followed by the Sicilian, with a tale 111 blank verse, three pages long, of Charlemagne - When hkon thunder-cloud, shallower And sncopB from mountain crest to coast, With lightning flaming through its shadows Ho swept across the Lombard plain. Preceded by host on host at last Charle- magne appeals - it Man of Iron! His helmet was of iron, and his gloves Of iron, and his breastplate and his grooves And taaBotB were of iron, and his lucid In his left hand he held an iron spear, in his right hand his sword invincible The horse he rode on had the strength of iron, And color of non All who went before him, Beside him and behind him, his whole host Were armed:! with iron, and thou hearts within them Were stronger than the armour that they were. Then we have, in heroic radio, the well known story of Eginhaid, the scribe, who dared not only to love a princess, but also " to cross the court and climb the winding stair" which led to her chamber Day break and the time for parting came, but, lo I They saw the palace courtyard white with snow, And, placid as a nun, the moon on high, Gazing from cloudy cloisters of the sky ' AIBB !" he said, " how into the fatal line Of footprints leading from thy door to mine And mine returning " Ah, ho little know What woman's wit, when put to proof can do The Emperor, sleepless with his weight of cares, was watching from a window, And he beheld a form that seemed to cower Beneath a burden come from Emma's tower, A woman who upon her shoulders bore Clerk ISgtnhord to his own private door, And then returned in haste, but still essayed To tread the footprints BRO herself had made ; And as she passed across the lighted space, The Emperor saw his daughter Marama s face ! How the Emperor called together his Council, and after listening to suggestions of banishment and death, declared - Over those fool footprints I will throw Mine ermine mantle, like another snow, and gave his daughter Emma to his clerk Eginhard before them all, IS told 111 pleasant, even couplets, and then, after some lines of latitude, in which the clock striking 8 is described as Slow measuring out the march of time, Like some grave Consul of old Home In Jupiter's temple driving home. The nails that marked the your and date. The theologian tells the tale, in the metre of " Evangeline," of the Quaker loves of Elizabeth Haddon and John Esthaugh Simple, quaint, and pleasant is the quiet story of the Quakeress who, all modestly and religiously, tells her love to the grave young man who is a preacher and a great light at Friends' meeting houses - Tarry while behind, for I have something to tell thee, Not to be spoken lightly nor in the presence of others, whom it concerns not only thee and me it concerned I will no longer conceal what is laid upon me to tell thee j I have received from the Lord a charge to love thee, John Esthaugh. But John Esthaugh had as yet received no right to lead him, and promising to come again when the Lord should have spoken to him on the matter, he rode away - Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness 1 So on the ocean of life we pin and speak one another, Only a look and a voice, then darkness again, and a silence The next story, " The Monk of Casal Maggiore," is told in octave stanzas, which run brightly and easily, and is followed by " Scvnderbog," in which the Spanish Jew relates, m rhymes cut to a short, cantering measure, how Iskander, in the fugitive night that followed a day of deep defeat, got to himself the walled city of Cioia by compelling a scribe of Amurath to set the Sultan's signet to an order of surrender. " The Mother's Ghost," the Musician's story, is a poem of real power and exquisite pathos, and we give it the last place in the volume - Svend Dyring he rides down the glade, There he both wooed him so winsome a maid. Together they were for seven years, And together children six were theirs, Then come death blood through the land, And blighted the beautiful lily wand Svend Dyring ho ridoth adown the glade, And again he hath wooed him another maid. He hath wood but a maid and brought home a bride, But she was bitter and full of pride When Bho come driving' into the yard, There stood the en children weeping so hard. There stood the small children with mournful heart From before her foot she thrust them apart. She gave to them neither are not broad " Ye shall Buller hunger and both," she said. She took from them their quota of blue, And said, " To shall be on the show we strew " She took from them the great sunlight ; " Now ye shall he in the dark at night " In the evening late they cried with cold; The mother heard it under the mould. Hilo woman board it The earth below " to my life I children I must go I" She standeth before the Lord of all, "And may I go to any children small?" She prayed man so long and would not cease, until he bade her depart in peace At cock crow thou shalt return again, Iiougor thou shalt not there remain ! ' Silo girded up her sorrowful bones, And lifted the walls and the marble stones. As through the village she flitted by, the watched />s howled aloud to the sky When shot up to the castle gate There Btoocl hot oldest daughter in wait. When she came in at the chamber door There stood the small children weeping sore. One who hands another she brushed, The third elia lifto 1, the fourth sho hushed The fifth she took on her 1 up and pressed, As if she would suckle it at her breast Then to hot oldest daughter said she, "Do thou but Stand Djrmg come hither to me " Into the chamber when he came She spoke to him in anger and shame I left behind me both ale and broad , My children hunger and are not fed I left behind me quills of blue , My children ho on the straw yo Btrow I left behind me the great was light, My children li in the dark at night If I come again into your hull, As usual a foto smile You bofull Now among the cook with feathers rode Back to the north must all the dead Now crows the cock with feathers start the gates of heaven by wide apart Now crows the cock with feathers white I can libido no long or to night " Whenever a' boy heard the watchdogs wall, They gave the children blood and olo Whenever they heard the watch dog's bray, they feared lest the road were on their way. Whenever they heard the watchdogs bark, They formed the dead out there in the dark. The last of the "Tales of a Wayside Inn is told by the landlord, and then the party of guests break up and disperse for ever and a day Where are they now ? What lands and Blues Paint pictures in their friendly eyes ? What hope decides what promise Cheers, What pleasant voices Till thou cars? Two are beyond the salt sea waves, And three already in their graves The rest of the small volume is taken up by " Buds of PIKS ago Flight the Third." There are ten short poems, and not one of them but possess s III greater or less degree the pleasant and long familiar chain of Mt Longfellow's verse There is not, indeed, such a gem as " The Children's Hour," but there is the "gasolene" of true poetry in them all, and especially in the " Castle Btuldei and the " Challenge." Mt Longfellow will win himself no new renown by this his latest book, but he will again please the leaders of two worlds, and we may safely < congratulate his English publishers on the wide popularity "After made" deserves and is certain to achieve. If the poet has not equalled his best efforts of former years, he has given us a volume of various and pleasant verse, which maintains throughout a level of quiet excellence Mr Longfellow is not a poet of the first older His lines do not reach the page in splendid strength, and his thought is not remarkable for its depth and originality. But his verse is clear as crystal and sweet with a music all its own , he knows how to choose a thorne and make it interesting ; his mind is defined, scholarly, and modest and above all, he his the golden heart of a poet's heart with tenderness, the sympathies, the joys and sorrows of which the world has long loved to share He has published poetry which was hardly poetry at all, but in this volume he returns to himself, and from his pen there flows that winsome music touched with melancholy which we know so well in his former works In England, as well as in America, he stands next in popularity to our own Laureate His verse has one essential and supreme characteristic of true poetry it is understanded of the people, and the best of it can dunn alike a philosopher and a seamstress Time BOMB cheering facts have just been made public with reference to the duration of human life It has now for some time been stated that the lives of JCm,h»!imcu-with whom we trust the lives of colonists may be included are growing to an ordinary duration such as their ancestors did not hope for Indeed evidence of the fact is found scattered everywhere through history and literature Is it not a fact that men were accounted vom rable o century or two back who would scarcely be regarded as beyond their prime now P and do we not know both men and women who are rising fifty years and yet have much of the bloom of youth upon them? It is common, when fathers or mothers introduce their sons and daughters, to hear the reply, " Why I always thought they were your brother, and sisters" in t On the case may be Doubtless, this is owing to the time orate lives we now live, and the increased coats rts we enjoy i but there is no doubt that it mostly arises from the good nursing and training of children At all events the reports of the Registrar General establish the remarkable fact that despite all the increas- ing wear and tear and his, h pressure of life, our people by temperate Ewing and change of air keep living longer and longer How, LIKED ?-" Gracious marry me '"next claimed an old lady, in a witness box, " how should I know anything about anything I don't know anything about? ' «' UifKcjr/AL Eating "-2-A big wife looking . little husband. 