LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS Volunteer Riflus. — After tho drill which takes place to-morrow evening, a meeting of the members will bo hold when some important business is to be transacted. Sale of Siuks.— M-. W. II. 'Why to an nounces that he will sell by auction, this day, at noon, at the A. A. Company's Wharf, a number of spars of different lengths and sizes. . Auction Sale. — Jlr. ./. C. Bonurius announces that he will hold his usualAveekly sale on 'Friday, in consequence of Saturday being a general holi dav. Newcastle Gas and CoifE Company.— The fourteenth lmlf-3'early meei.ng of thu sharehol ders in this company will take place this day at noon in the offices, Hunter:strect, to receive the report and balance sheet for tho past half year, and to elect a director in the room of .1. B. Winship, Esq., who retires, but is eligible for re-election ; also to elect an auditor. School of Abts. — The committee met lust evening, for the first time since the general meet ing, held on the 24th instant. There were pre sent — The President, Mr. II. J. Brown, and tho following members of the committee, viz: — Messrs. Ash, Cross, Stokes, ltodgors, Cunning ham, Fitzpatrick, Bewick, and Palmer. The minutes of the last committee meeting were rend and confirmed. 2\\*o communications, had been received since last meeting, but acopy'of a letter sent 1)3' the secrelury, elaimins; the Government prMmty of £110 inslend of £08, from the Trea sury was read. An account from the Pilot ollice, which was postponed from lust meeting, was con sidered, 'lhe secretary said Unit he not Us. Oil. struck off for two items he had paid for in cash, reducing the amount to some £?! 10s. On the motion of Jlr. H. Stokes, the amended account was ordered to be paid. A long conversa tion took place respecting the propriety of commencing the new building with the pre sent prospects oelorc the committee, it was admitted that nothing could be done until another general meeting of tho members is held. The President, with Messrs. H. Stokos'and Cross, were appointed a deputation to wait on the Hon. the Colonial Secretary when he arrives in Newcastle on his w'ay to Muitlnnd, in order to lay before him the claims of the institution for a larger grant from -the State than what it had received from tho Government ; and also to point out the loss sustained not onl}' by (Ire, but by the passing of the Audit Act, which deprived the members of the benefit of a vote of ,C'iOO, to which the institution was entitled, although, un fortunately not claimed until this net wns passed which deprived the committee of the sum that otherwise would have been secured. There be ing no other business, the committee rose. Tub Colonial Skurktahy's Visit to West ALutland. — Wo aroi informed fsays the (Even ing Naies) that the Hon. Henry Parkes will leave Sydney for West MVitluwl next Monday night, for the purpose of laying the foundation stone of a public, school to be erected in that town, which contains some 8-XK) inhabitants is the largest nnd most populous town out of Syd ney, nnd at the present time possesses no public school. Invitations huvu been forwarded to the Premier to be present at the show nnd dinner in connection with tho Northern Agricultural As sociation's furtheouiiliK exhibition nt Singleton, and to deliver an inaugural address at Murru rundi ; but these invitntious have been declined, and .Mr. Parkes will return direct from .Uuitlnnd to Sydney. On the Sth or Dtli ol' August he will leuvo Sydney for Young, where, also', he will lay the foundation-stone of a public school (which, L«'^l.-Llj|.i ttlLIL LJ1U UUI* IU UU UICUILU 111 l- UAL Muitlund, will probably bo the largest schools out of Sydney). Wo understand that the arrangements for the celebration oftho Premier's visit to Youus will embrace a procession, an ad dress, a public banquet, and a ball. It is not fjuite certain on what day the Minister will re turn from Young, us-invitations to visit Grenfell and other places ha\» oeen received by him, and though circumstance1!) lmiy prevent his availing himself of the opportunity of visiting those places, it is understood that his progress will be arrested at Yass, whereJdTe subject of the rail way extension to that town will be' brought un der his notice. Mr. J. Watson, M.L.A. for. the L'dchkn, will be at Young during the Premier's visit. — [Our contemporary is in error in sup posing that West Maitland is the largest and most populous town out of Sydney. According to the last census returns, Newcastle contains more, inhabitants than both Kast and West Mait land put together. The population of the two latter was, in 1871, only G754-, while the city of Newcastle alone contained a population of 758] , and may now be estimated at over S00O. — Ed. iV. C] ? Diauolical Act. — On Wednesday morning a useful horse, the property of Mr. G. Agnew, butcher, of this town, was found in tho paddock severely injured by blows, as if with a tomahawk. Two large and dangerous cuts were apparent, leading to the supposition that an attempt had been made to destroy tho animal. It is hoped that tho perpetrator of this wanton and dastardly act may meet with proper punishment.— Wes tern. Examiner. Twijed Factoht. — The project for commenc ing tins industry in Orange (says tho Western Examiner) seems in a fair way to be carried out. Since the meeting on Wednesday evening, to make initiatory arrangements, the subject has been freely canvassed, and meets with public approval und promised support. From tho ex pression of persons who have signified their in tention to invest in the undertaking, shares to the amount of £4500 may already be presumed to be bespoken. The Mary Axn CAJfPBELL Mystery. — The man Michael O'Neill, in .custody during the above inquest,' was brought up yesterday (says the Maitland Mercury) at East Maitland, before Mr. 1£. Sparke. Senior-sergeant Kerrigan ex plained the circumstances under which .tho pri soner had been givuninto custody by Dr. Pierce, nnd asked for a remand until Friday uext. The remand- was granted; bail allowed, prisoner in £200, and two sureties of £100 each. The requi site sureties were found, and O'Neill was released on hail. jvianniko KiVF-B. — we liavo ueen informed (says the Manninhjlivir Times), that' tTie frost experienced in thr£district for the past few'weeks has been very severe and destructive to the sugar cane. We are informed that the crushing season is about to commence, and the sugar-mills are aboitf' to resume work. At Kimbriki, Messrs. Kant and- Allan .triiLcommcnce operations next week — they have ab/out thirty acres of cane to crash. Mr. Davis^o'P Wyoning, and others in terested-will comnKacc'alrnost immediately. We heartily. wish all concerned success in this most important, branch ft industry. It is intimated that a farmer in ten district who lias a large irjuantity of oraujfeathis year intends trying .to manufacture orange wine. If successful, this will bo a now indusbgr) which, doubtless, many of our- farmers- wh'ouJlaro orangeries will quickly , follOYTt \^ The Eight Hour Movement. — Wo ?under- stand that the propriety of ei{*ht hours being nindo 'the ordinary standard of a day's work upon all public contracts, which wns brought under the notice of the Colonial Secrotnry by a depu tation, some time ngo, hns occupied the attention of tho Government. The information at thu eommnnd of the Government does not appear to have been suHicicnt- to justify them in coming to imv definite conclusion in the matter, but wo believe thut (he Colonial Si-eri'tury has been at eonsiileralile pains to collect all thu information obtainable on the subject iu Victoria, Queens land and New Zealand — colonies, the Govern ments of which had, it was said, adopted what is known ns the eight-hour principle j nnd it may ho expected, that it will not be long before the subject again engages the attention of the Cabinet.— S. AI. Herald. The Postal Question. — The Chief Secretary (snys the Anjus of Thursday) has received iiu otlier communication from Mr. Parkes.' That gentleman states thnt a temporary mail service, via San Francisco, will be commenced by New South Wales at the beginning of next yenr, and intimates Hint a contract for such a servi-ic, to Inst for six years, will be entered into. Under th6sc circumstances, Mr'. ParKcs offers to carry all letters which may be addressed by that route to Victoria for the 0d., single postage, and ex presses a Jiope that (his eolony will reciprocate the matter of the Guile route on tho same terms. Xo reply hns us 3'et been forwarded, but in nil probability' tho Coloninl Secretary of the neigh bouring colony will be informed that this colony is in negotiation with Now Zuulund for the pur pose of jointly carrying out a service via New Zealand und California, nnd therefore it would only complicate matters to ninke any such arrangement as he proposes. By the last mail a communication wns sent to the Government of New Zealand, which, in nil probtibiJily, will lend to a delinite arrangement being made with that eolony relative to the Guile und the Sun Fran cisco services. ' Sl'OAtt INHL'STKY ON T1IK Cl.AUKNCK IltVEll.— The Soutligntu correspondent of the (.'. und li, R. EsuiiiiHnr supplies the following : — The wea ther hns taken u decided change, hot wito clear nays mm eoui irosiy nigius. x. am nappy to in form you it has not done any material damage to the sugarcane, which, ns you nre awnre, is now the staple product of our parish. Our energetic neighbour, Mr. H. Leeson, through his inde fatigable eflorts, has at last proved beyond a doubt that sugar-mills on n lurge seale will give excellent returns, as the following facts will show. The trial crushing was from China eano — ten mouths old ratoons, a little more than half an ncre of which gave the excellent return of one ton three hundredweight of first-class sui'nr — worth t'!S per ton. Since then he lias been crushing ribbon cane, from which Jie is turning out four teen hundredweight of first-class sugar daily. These facts speak volumes for the small mill a'. Southgatc, and its speculative owner, and I trust, ere long, we shall have the pleasure of congratu lating many more millowners with the same suc cess. — TI10 worthy munnger of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company's mill here — Mr. W. E. I£nox — has arrived, anil f believe they purpose start ing about the end of the month — the sooner the belter, as. a deal of the two years old eano is blown up by the roots, owing to its'great weight. The I'll', Schooner. — The wrecked pilot schooner Jtip was towed up the bay on Thursday, and came to an anchor of I' Williamstown at about half- past three p. in. Except that her mainmast was gone, she did not look very dis mantled from u distance, but when a visitor stepped on her deck he at once discovered that the ship had come through such a trial as few could survive. Her mainmast — a fine, sound, jimiu -|jju — mm ui.-uii uiuiii-ji »iiurL on iiuuul two feet frum her deck; her topsail gafl's were bro ken; one of her boats was stove in and rendered -[iiite useless, while the other hud been broken up into those small fragments which seamen de scribe, in their symbolical manner, as 'put lids.' On going below the ship presented an appearance of utter desolation. Her furniture, fillings, stores, ifcc., reduced to small pieces, were all mixed together, much ns if tin; whole had been passed through some rough kind of grinding mill. Tho steering wheel, which, along with the steersman, had buen dashed down the; main sky light, was to be seen with its stout spokes bro ken ou'clo-e by the nave; and, in lhe usual man ner on Mich occasions, certain more fragile iirti-. eles — dinncr-pluti'S, looking-glasses und such like — had come scatheless out of the melee. When it is borne in mind thai the fore nml main mast heads of the Jtip were tied together by means of n stny, it seems extraordinary that when the one wont the other did not go too; in which case no thing could have saved tho ship from going on shore, probably with the loss of all hands. So far ns could be seen on a cursory examination, the hull of the ship had sustained little injury, if any,- which says much for the general sound ness of her constitution. A telegram was re ceived by the Chief Secretary onThur.sdny, from Dr. Williams, the medical oflicer at Quei'iiselilT, in reference to the circumstances' in which the fumilies of the men lost from tho schooner Kip had been left. It was ns follows: — 'Tho pilot's widow has five children ; no claim on fund, his term of service having been under ten years. The steward's widow has eight children ; no cluim ; husband only shipped tho day before ; very badly oil'; local subscriptions ruised for her immediate wants. The two seamen were sup posed to be unmarried.' From this it is evident that the widows nnd children must depend for relief on friends and the public. — Australasian. Infanticide.— Tno frightful number of cases of infanticide (says the Australasian) that have occurred during the last few days, has been the subject of 11 good deal of newspaper discussion, witii, however, but very little in the way of prac tical conclusions being arrived ut. The causes of this stute of things ure obvious enough. The existence of these children, the oll'spring of illicit love, is found to bo n burden to their mothers ; the constant impunity attending tho crimes 6f those who have sought to get rid of their trouble und shame by murdering their children, shows thnt the ]aw is pructicnlly ineffective to prevent or to punish these olfences ; their frequency familiarises .the minds of the unhappy mothers with the idea ot the crime, and with n pressing necessity on one side, and the almost certain prospect of immunity from punishment on the other, they tnke the desperate resolve of murder. All these considerations suggest that the simple, nnd at the same tiineths only, remedy, lies in the strict enforcement of the penalties which the law has attached to this terriblo crime. But when the discussion has brought us to this point, it has douo very little, because hero it is that tho great; practical difficulty is encountered. No doubt a few stern example's would be effective in checking these crimos,''uut tho problem is- how to apply this remedy. It is found that, in cases of this kind, it is almost absolutely impossible to enforce the law. liecent instances of this are not wanting. If there is any loophole whatever for an acquittal, juries will not convict, and evon where there is no loophole, wo have had some flragrantlyful.se verdicts of acquittal recorded, in thu face of the most direct and conclusive evi dence. This is the real difliculty.'and it is not easy to see how it is to ba surmounted. When' there is a strong public feeling of sympathy, or,' at the least, of leniency, exhibited towards a par ticular class ol' offences, their adequate punish ment bacomes impossible. After all, no admin istration, of the law .can effect much towards ruising the nverngo levul of the feeling of the community. The Jaw is. only nn agency for ap plying the. social forces existing in the general jody, but it calls no new'forcos into existence. So, unless we can see some prospect of a growth of a hotter state of; feeling iii;the general mind 'of the community in reference to these crimes, it is hardly to be hoped' that anything can be effected ?by the police; or by .the operation of law, towards checking them ; and in tho meantimo tho com munity must sharo in tho stigma of1 cruuv by its virtual refusal to punish, it, :A Doubly Dangerous Fkeak. — Somo young scoundrel, on Thursday night Inst, nbout nine o'clock (roports tho IVaggu Wagga Express) at tompted a shameful trick with a view of frigh tening limoroiu passers by. His possessed him self of n sheet nnd a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, ho waited behind one of the treo enclosures between Dr. Hobinson's residence and tlio Public School, the approach ol'somo one upon whom to practice tho effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately for him these shortly appeared in thu persons of two young women. Upon his appearance, ono screamed, hut was sufficiently self- possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostro Ehised the ' ghost' with so weighty a stone in er hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come too near, as tho damsel's system of 'laying' spirits was not to his taste. 