: ARCHIDIOCESAN SYNOD. f 1v1s^finse to tlie. summons of his Grace the' Archbishop, the clergy of the archdiocese assembled m the hall of St. Mary's' Seminary on luesday morning at ]fl o'clock, from which they moved m procession to the pro-catliedral, singing the Litany of the Blessed Virgin Marv ilie ^rcllbisllop;and other .dignitaries wore magnificent copes of cloth of gold, the priests Avearmg onasmblt s. The contrast of the various colours, as Ayell as the superb design and rich material of many of the vestments, presented a tout ensemble ' which was very imposing lhe high altar was very tastefully draped, under supervision of James Mullins, Esq., Labour Bazaar. A canopy of crimson cloth extended over the whole' space, north and south of the altar and to the back as far as thereredos ? hand- some banners of our Blessed Lady and St. Jo?eph being at either' side. The Mass being of the Holy Ghost, the colour of the vestments was of course red. The decorations seemed most appropriate. The Synod opened with solemn Mass De Spiritu Sancto, sung by his Grace the Archbishop — assistant priest the Very Rev. S. J. A. Sheehy, V. G. ; deacons at the throne, Fathers Garavel and Fitzpatrick ; deacons of the Mass, Fathers D. P. Quirk and CalJachor. In the evening the church was croAvded. His Grace addressed the congregation on the subject of ' Education ;' solemn Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by the Von. Archdeacon Rigney, assisted by Fathers Garavel and Birch, Avho acted as deacons. The procession Avas dispensed with, on Wednesday morning, at the Mass de requiem, the whole of the clergy wore only cas socks and surplices. In the eA-ening his Grace preached to a large congregation on the subject of 'Mixed Marriages.' Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was giATen by Dean Forde— deacons, Fathers Garvey and Birch. On Thurs day morning the entire body of the clergy assembled in the seminary, and went in proces sion to the church in the same order as on Tuesday. ' There Avere present during the sittings of the synod his Grace the Archbishop and sixty priests — the only absentees being Father Lyons, of Araluen, and Father Phelan, of Hartley, who were legitimately exempted for grave reasons. The names of those present are as folloAvs, viz. :— Very ReA'. S J. A. Sheehy, O.S.B.,, V.G. ; Ven. Archdeacon. Rigney, Very Revs.1 Deans J. Kenny, J. Hanlev, D. V. M. O'Connell, O.S.B. ; E. O'Brien, J. F. Sheridan, O.S.B. ;T. M'Carthy, P.« White, A. J. Forde, M Flanagan, and P. Hallinan, D.D. j Dr. J. Forrest, Rector of St. John's Col lege ; and the Rev. Fathers Peter F. O'Farrell, O.S.F. ; J. P. Roche, P. Young, M. H. Ryan, D. M'Guinn, P. Newman, J. JVIonnier, S.M. ; J. Garavel, C. M'Carthy, 0. Barsanti, O.S.F., D.D. ; A. Ambrosoli, C. M. Joly, .S.M. ; P. Birch, Z. Muraire, S.M. ; M. J. Dwver. O.S.B; ; L. B. Pacilio. ; M. E. Ithy, XXS.B. ; E. Heuze, S.M ; G. F. Dillon, J. *N. Quirk, O.S.B. ? J. M'Auliffe, P. Healy, P. Slattery, P. O'Reilly, P. F. O'Farrell, J. P. Fitzpatrick, O.S.B. j M. Keogan, M. D'Arcv, W. J. Riordon, J. Cunningham, P. Hewitt, V. Colleti, J. 'Aj Byrne, P. Carroll, J. .7. Carroll, G. Leemine' P. Mahoney, T. Walsh, J. Hayes, D. P. Quirk, O.S.B. ; H. B. Callachor, 0 S.B. ? H. B. Curr, O.S.B. ; C. H. Kirke.. SI. ; T. Keating, J. Sheridan ;— in all there' were sixty present. The folloAving are the names of the officers : ? Promotor, Father Callaghan M 'Carthy ; Judiccs Querclam, et excusationuiii, the Vicar- General, Deans Hallinan and Kenny ; Procurator Clcri, Dean Hanley ; (Economus, Dean Sheridan ; Xotarius, Patrick F. O'Farrell ; Secretarivs] F..t')erJ. Cunningham ; Ostiarii, Fathers J. Gr« Garvey and P. J. Mahoney. The Avhole of the ceremonial arrangements Avere carried out in the most efficient manner by Fathers Colleti and Walsh. There were three- sessions and tAvo priArate congregations, which, adjourned from meeting to meeting, constituted in all six private meetings of the clergy, in which matters of the most vital importance, concerning the Avelfare of the diocese, Avere considered by the assembled fathers. Each morning, Avhile the synod continued, his Grace the Archbishop, after the retirement of the laity, delivered a Latin' address, and also preached* to the assem bled clergy and laity. On the second day of the synod, a solemn Requiem Mass was cele brated for the repose of the souls of all the deoea-ed clergy of the archdiocese by- the Very Rev. S. J. A Sheehy, V.G., assisted by Fathers Mahoney and Birch, who' acted respectively cis deacon and sub-deacon. On the third day, a solemn Pontifical Mass of thanksgiving was celebrated in the presence of all the clergy and a large concourse of the faithful, by his Grace the Arch Mshop,— assistant priest* the Very Rev. the Meal-General; deacons at the throne, Fathers Garavel and M. J. Dwyer ;. deacons of the Mass, Fathers D. P. Q*uirk and B. Curr. At the termination of the ceremonial, the session resolved itself into Avhat is designated a public session, and then took place the solemn promulgation of the A eta .and Dccrcta of the Provincial Council of Melbourne of ] SG9 ; as also of the decrees emanating from the Archbishop, assisted by his assembled clergy, in this the first diocesan synod of the archdiocese. His Grace then read the following address :— My Dear Ff.ixoav Lajkocreks and Children. — I. have noAV to thank you most cordially for the assistance and comfort your counsels haA'e afforded me in this synod. You came cheerfully ai'oimd me at my summons, in many cases I knoAV Avith some not inconsiderable inconveni ence and cost ; you have' laboured thoughtfully aud assiduously at the subjects we have had in hand, so far as our time allowed, and you'have laboured conscientiously. It is an awful thing,', my dear friends, solemnly to invoke the pre sence and aid of the Holy Ghost for any humau work and council, because it implies that we are prepared to work under constant sense of that dread .Presence before which .ill that is in sincere, or unjust, or selfish, or frivolous should be burnt up, and all we possess of thought, and faith, and charity should be enkindled to a special warmth Riid brightness. Let us humbly trust, dear friends, that we have not shamed that glorious Presence — that we have, according to our poor human measure, done His work in His way ; that His own most sweet and gracious charity will hide our imperfections, and give life to' what we may have well and truly done. N071 nobis, Dominc, scd nomiiii Tuo. What we have decided upon in the matter of primary education, the Catholic education of Catholic children, seems to me to be at this juncture the most important and urgent, and I look to you to devote your time and labour to it with much diligence and perseverance. With God's bless ing you will do much to eonnteraet the mischief that threatens from all sides ; but 1 havo also much hope and comfort in the thought that your efforts and example will excite a more lively and intelligent iuterest in the minds of your people themselves, so that they, too, each in his place, may do something to win back that liberty of conscientious action which we need, which belongs to us under the theory of our government, which our legislating representa tives would never have thought of destroying if they had seen, wherever they saw a Catholic, a warm and intelligent interes' in the Catholic education of children. I look to you to inspire and train this intelligent interest, so that its existence, its breadth and depth, shall be patent to the intelligence of all men. This, my dear friends, is the special work that God's providence at this moment sets before us. Let us accept His call and do our work for Christian souls in averting the dangers by which they are most imperilled. If the rules we have now established need correction or addition, we shall learn by our experience where to propose those corrections and a Iditions at our next meeting. Pray God that we strive with diligence and wisdom ! And now, my dear children, I dismiss you to your several charges, and for a time wish you good-bye and God speed to your labour. I am old, and may never see you again thus assembled ; but however that may be 1 trust always to have my place in your love and your prayers. Provided, however, God's work be done, it matters comparatively little who may be happy enough to do it, and if an arch bishop other than myself should preside at your next synod, 1 bespeak for him your affectionate co-operation as earnestly as I ask it t'or myself. I have only one word of exhortation to give— it is the old, well tried word ' attendite vobis' ' attende tibi ;' yes, my dear children, as our Lord's ministers we do His work— we feed His flock by what we are rather than by what we say As our Divine Master began first to do, and then to teach, so is it with us. Learning, eloquence, activity, good and fair endowments as they are, can do but little except as instruments of interior holi ness. That is the root of the matter ; that is the grand thing to aim at. ' Attende tibi' — and then your learning wi 1 be a clear and true guiding light. ' Attende tibi'— and then your eloquence will stir up God's' love in men's hearts. 'Attende tibi'— and then your activity, will be genuine service after our Lord's pattern, and not chiefly a flatterer of self and selfcom placency. Nothing can replace, nothing can sup ply the want of this sacred attention, ' attende tibi' in the morning meditation; in the study of the Sacred Scriptures and other spiritual read ing 'attende tibi. 'We, priests of God, ministers of the crucified, do what we are doing, for good or for evil, by what we are deep in our hearts and lives, by what we are more than by what we say. It is an awful thought, dear friends; and, that it may be in the end, and for \- each of us, a blessed thought, let me say again, in God's name, and' in God's love, 'look to yourselves,' ' attendite vobis ' A solemn Te Deum having been chanted, the procession of the clergy, followed by the Arch bishop and his attendants at the throne, took place ;' the clergy after this returned to the. archie piscopal residence, and by this time are probably dispersed to their various districts. The only remarks which we deem it within our province to make concerning the enactments of the synod, as all have not as yet been laid before the Catholic public, are that they chiefly regarded these three principal items : — 1. The promulgation of the decrees of the Melbourne Council, to which we have already alluded. 2. The means of the Sustentation of Archbishop and priests. ' 3. The legislation iu reference to education and the marriage law, particularly as rel'ite* to 'the vital question of mixed jji.ir- in^os, as also various other matters of niiu »r importance under tin; ecclesiastical 'juris diction of his Urace. 