MRS. DODD'S DINNER PARTY (BY AMY HANDOLPH.) V L tell you,; Martin, we must give a dinner party !" " Fiddlestick ! nonsense !" replied honest Martin Dodd, taking the meer schaum out of his mouth and givin «r the fire a prodigious stir. "A dinner party ? and what for, I'd like to know?" " But as I was saying," wont on Mrs Dodd, "we must positively entertain a few friends in a quiet way. I am sure Mrs St. Cecil expects it of me !" "'Let her expect ! "What are Mrs St. Cecil and her expectations to us, I'd like to know !" "Mr Dodd! Now, any one might know from that very ouestion that you are quite unaccustomed to good society ! My love, Mrs St. Cecil is the sweetest and most fashionable creature in the place. Everybody is wild about her Indian shawls. And Mr St. Cecil is the most interesting person I over met -dark-eyed and'melancholy , you know, with a moustache like black floss silk, and " '' I dare say, my love, I dare say — hut if all this is true, I am quite at a loss to conjecture what brings these aristocratic people to call on the wife of a plain plodding merchant like myself." Mrs Dodd looked, down and blushed prettily. " Why, Martin, Mrs St. Cecil fancies that I have some little intellectual cul ture : and she says I only need a little polish to he quite a belle," " " Ah, ah, Polly ! So she has been flattering my littie wife, eh ?" " I wish you wouldn't call me Polly, Martin — it sounds so countrified ! Mrs St. Cecil always calls nio Marie!" " My dear," said Martin Dodd, quite gravely, tne ot. uecils are very fine, I don't doubt j but wo have always been very happy in our station and circle, and I do not exactly believe in aping the fashionable follies of people so far above us in means and position." Mrs Dodd burst into tears. "I might have known it, Martin," she sobbed behind her pocket handker chief. ' You want me to be a mere drudge all my days — never to have a thought above house housekeeping " Martin Dodd became as soft-hearted as a child before the sight of those tears — he capi ulated at ouce, " Well, well, de!lr> I don't mean to hurt your feeling? / give forty dinner parties if you please J don't object." Mrs Dodd brightened aU'am, like a little buttercup lifting its buruiSihed head after a shower. " Yes, but, Martin " " Well, Polly -I should say, Ma-ree !" " I must positively have a new china dinner set. Ours is dreadfully chipped and broken." Martin looked dubiously. " China is rather an expensive toy in these days." " But, Martin, Martin, this dinner set will last all our lives." " Will it ? I'm not so certain of that. However, have your own way." "Well, then," said Mrs Dodd, joyously, " I'll fix on Wednesday for the dinner- party, and write the invitations directly. Are yon going, Martin v' " Yes — why not V' " But you'll leave me a little money 1" " What for ?" " Contingent expenses, to be sure, I must hire a French cook from Martini's, and " " A French cook 1" "Why, of course; what would the St. Cecils think of Bridget's cooking?" " If they don't like our cooking they needn't come to our dinner," said honest Martin, bluntly. "And then," went on Mrs Dodd, " I must have some jellies and a pine-apple, and an epergne full of hot-house flowers — Sehvyn has some lovely ones — and I must hire real cut glass." "Must indeed !" grumbled Martin, as he tossed his portmonnaie -on the table and banged the door behind him rather vindictively. Mrs Dodd counted the money thoughtfully. "Not half enough," sho murmured, pouting out her pretty lip. " Why -7 nil i Martin be so stiugy — and on an occasion like this, too, when the St. Cecils will expect everything to be in first-rate order? I never mentioned the extra wines — nor the men to wait — Mrs St. Cecil's footmen are so stylish ! Oh, dear, dear ! But, then, Martini will trust me — and the bills can be sent in afterwards. I wonder how many people our dining- room will accommodate !" She rose and went iuto the gloomy little apartment designated by the lofty title of "dining-room." "This carpet is too shabby," she ejaculated, vindictively. " I must have a new one, and the wall3 must be fresh papered. I don't suppose Martin will object." "Well, my love," said Martin that evening, as ho lighted his old friend, the meerschaum, and placed his ieet on the fender, preparatory to a cosy con- juo-al chat, " whom are you going to ask?" "'The Rivers, the St. Cecils, the Meltons, and the Cardonnels, I think; perhaps Mr Vernier and his sister. That wiil be just a dozen." "'But, i 'oily "Mr bodd !" "Ma — He, thrn," corrected the hus band, with a grimace ; "ain't you going to ask t he Thompsons?" "Certainly not, my dear." "They are our oldest friends, wife. Thompson stood next to me when we were married, ana our oauy meu m mio Thompson's arms." "I can't help that, dear. What would the Sr.. Cecils tninlc of Mr Thompson's atrocious grammar, and Mrs Thompson's dyed silk dress ? "Polly," said Mr Dodd, this time quite reckless of -his wife's warning glance; "if the St.. Cecils are too fine for our old friends, j think they'd much better keep awa\ kotvve been a different creature since you became acquainted with that flaunting St. Cecil woman." "Martin!" "I can't help it— I muse speak my mind. I don't object to your having a few people to dinner, although goodness knows my means are qiraitened enough just now— more so tUan'you have any idea of, wife; hut I object to your filling the house with people, that don't care a fig for yog,, but despise the folly that would imitate their own ridiculous pretensions. There! you hnve my opinion." "I've been thinking, dear," said his wife, skilfully diverting the conversa tion " that 'I ought- to have a new dress' for this dinner party. That violet - silk; of niine is getting very shabby." "My dear, " said the husband, with' a look of pain on his face, " I cannot exactly explain to you the financial crisis through which we are passing- just at-this time. Suffice to say thai my credit is; extremely precarious, and any extravagance/ or even "semblance of extravagance, might produce a disas trous effect. Will my little wife study her husband s welfare for once ?" " Men always talk so whenever a woman asks for anything," exclaimed Mrs Dodd, pettishly. " I don't see the use of livingif'I can't have what I want. Oh ! I wish we were as rich as the St. Cecils." Martin did not reply audibly, hut in his secret heart he wished the St. Cecils at the bottom of the Red Sea. " You'd better take the dress ma'am; it's a bargain you won't have offered every day in the year." The dapper linendrapev's assistant held up the lustrous lavender silk in gloaming folds. Mrs Dodd eyed it longingly. " Twenty guineas ! I really can't afford it." " It's cheap at that, ma'am — posi tively dirt cheap," argued the assis tant. " Mrs Dodd iooked again. " The woman who hesitates is lost," says the old French proverb, and it proved true in Mrs Dodd's case. She looked, hesi tated, lookod a third time, and finally ordered tho dress, and paid for it from the money that Martin had entrusted to her for the quarter's rent. " I can make it up somehow or hfirnKf iMfirftri I.-TWITVC " xroo the salve she applied to her conscience. She had scarcely swept, out of the shop when a stern oid man advanced to the counter. " Was that lady the wife of Martin Dodd, in Wavland-street ?" he asked, keenly. " Yes sir," returned the assistant. " Buying first-rate silk dresses ?" " Oh ! That's not the only thing she has bought here lately," returned tiie talkative young man. " We sold her an elegant Brussels carpet from the warehouse yesterday." " Yes — ahem — yes," thoughtfully remarked the old man, stroking his chin, and mentally adding: — "And iililg Jo ullu Hi till \» uu hilulculo ci ilvllL more time. I think I'd better mention it to one or two of the other creditors. It's just as well for people to look to their own interests in season." Wednesday had arrived — the day of Mrs Do'dd's little dinner party. The table, skilfully arranged by Martini's waiters, was resplendent in cut glass, china, and fragrant hoqnets ; while the soft crimson and amber of the new carpet seemed to he reflected in the pink and gold arabesques of the French wall paper. Mrs Dodd, looking very fresh ar.d pretty in her new silk dress, had just descended into the drawing-room as the clock chimed six. Martin was walking moodily up and down the room. He looked up, with a dark frown on his brow. "Mary — when did you get that dress ?" " Do you like it dear ?" hesitated Mrs Dodd, feeling her face blush pain- fully. " I thought I forbade any such ex pensive folly 1" he ejaculated sternl\ Mrs Dodd saw that it was no time for a confession. "Don't speak so crossly, Martin," she faltered. "It— it was a present from Uncle Theodore." | A. present, eh ? that's quite another thing." . " And 'Mrs Dodd, feeling inexpressibly miserable and guilty, advanced to greet a coarse-looking womau, in a pink silk dress, arid a blinding glitter of diamonds —the great Mrs St. Cecil's self ! After all, was Mrs St. Cecil worth all this? The tedious and elaborate dinner was drawing to a close, when there came a violent ring at the bell-door, a momentary altercation iu the hall, and a sudden ruslTup the stairs. Martin Dodd started to ins teet, oversetting a vase of white japouicas and two champagne bottles, as a sturdy-looking man, accompanied by a policeman, entered, without ceremony. " What is your business here, fellows?" indignantly demauded the host. " Beg, pardon, sir, but " Tbe policeman stepped forward and laid his firm band on Mr St. Cecil's shrinking shoulder. "Isaac Huggins, you are my pri soner 1" " There is some mistake here," inter posed Mr Melton. " That gentleman is Mr Roderic St Cecil." " St. Cecil or Huggins, it is all one and the same," said the man, with a grin, " he'3 concerned in a big London swindle — we've had our eye on him these three weeks. Come my fine fellow your game's up." St. Cecil — or Huggins, this being the p.ronymic to which the gentleman had the best- right — shrank: of white, terrified guilt, while his wife burst into loud hysterics. " The womau's mixed up in the affair, too," coolly added the man. " Call up Jenks and Jones, Jim." Mrs Dockl sat, pallid as any ghost, af the head of her gaily-decorated table. Was it for a metropolitan swindler and the miserable partner of his crimes that she had made all this ridiculous dis play ? The party broke up in confusion — how or when Mrs Dodd scarcely knew — but the room was empty when she nexf looked up. Empty, with the exception of Martini's sleek waiter, who was standing respectfully before her, with a folded paper in his hand. " If yrou please, ma'am, the bill." Mrs Dodd opened it mechanically. "Fifteen guineas. Impossible James ! " " No, ma'am — the items are all there. Flowers — attendance — wines — cut glass and silver " " There, there — I will see to it to morrow." she crasnnrl. " Where — where is Mr Dodd ?" It was late at night when Martin Dodd returned, pale and ghastly. "What is the matter?" asked Mary, reading the voiceless terror in his face. " Nothing," he returned, in a strange, husky voice, " except that I am ruined." " Ruined , Martin ?" " Ruined — and by my wife's extrava gance. Mary, my creditor's have heard of your purchase, and, naturally con cluding that I meant to delude them by false professions of poverty,, have come to extremities. My last chance is gone. Ob, Mary, it is hard to struggle as I have struggled, and in vain !" Ee bowed his head upon bis hands with a low sob. Mrs Dodd threw her self at his feet. " Martin, I have learnt a lesson to- day, a bitter but a salutary lesson. Oh, my husband, let us begin the world again. I care not if I live on a crust a day, if I have but your approval. Now I perceive the folly of my blind infatuation. Martin, can you forgive me ?" And Martin Dodd, looking down on his wife's face, saw a sunbeam of hope and promise through all the darkness of that hour of trial 1 