the novelist. OUT or COURT/ A NOVEL. br Mas. Cashel hoei. Vol. L checks the law that throws the stone." « The <W* cnewu' _« The King and the Book." Chapter VIII. a VISITOR at bennett'S. r . Keith possessed the faculty of every place in which she sojourned f'ttverXief a period look like home. iprp°YuLi»w a week in a foreign apart Kabodefor o week in a foreign apart nf all looking-glass and shuung floors, oent an '•'•'•'""e-e— of English comfort ando sjrsmtASaftttS sped for Marcia, nor was the dnu i?*8 te ability of a London "private W?ii?8p8cf| jethowdidi md how&allXbhit;' An<* ms! In a bye-streefc, past one en!lTSw¥$t'« • i tide of London life—ramVJ^ ^i , wh*ch while the other opened into a P°il?Qimre of the redbrick and white r wstrle of architecture known as Queen & and adorned with, the perennially Scoioured effigy, on a dingy pedestal, of vividly remembered ducal personage, VJf ueriod which believed in dukes with ■p^Vnd effusion worthy of the author of iniihW effusion worthy ot tne author ol Loiliair. The tide roareaat a distance past Bennett's, but the private hotel was very injet Prim carriages called at Bennett's a Sood deal, the porter was as solemn as a churchwarden on vestry day, the furniture tos solid, heavy, and ancient, and the cbarees enormous. Bennett's professed not to "take in" eveiybody, and the favoured exceptions paid for their privilege. But Bennett's could not .beat Marcia. She drove to Covent-garden before her early breakfast, and brought back heaps of flowers, and half a dozen tall flowering shrubs in uots, and so disposed them that the balcony Coked like a slice out of a conservatory, and the blank tables find hideous chiffonnieres furnished an illustration of a wilderness made to blossom like a rose. She insisted an clean muslin window curtains, and got them; she banished hearthrugs and chintz covers; she pulled the piano, without which Marcia never passed more than 24 hours any where, out from the wall into a convenient position, and set flower pots around three sides of it. She brought out piles of music and quantities of books; she had heaps of newspapers and all the new periodicals sent in immediately,.and a swarm of materials for drawing and painting was collected in an ad vantageous corner. She sedulously provided for her aunt's comfort also. Miss Keith was one of those rare persons who systematically need & reading-desk attached to & chair. These luxuries are delightful contrivances, triumphs of'mechanical skill, and of course ao gentleman's library ought to be without one—but who uses them? They imply deliberation in the act of reading, and a' sense of being penned into one's seat—in themselves distracting. Miss Keith had one of these treasures which she carried about with her everywhere, and used with unde • Ml Tfr — Aft UaWaSa'o tA riating punctuality. It was Marcia's care to that the implei see that the implement was set up in the most" convenient position, in the light, and out of the draught, that the shaded wax candles (for which sockets that came out with a click were cunningly provided) were forthcoming, and that her aunt's footstool— j none of your absurd velvet and tortoiseshell trifles, but a solid, square article fit for the support of her substantial stoutly-shod feet—, was always in its place. Miss Keith's habits were regular and orderly, and Marcia's taste for locomotion did not interfere with them. Wherever she was, when it was not actually •on board a ship, or in a railway carriage— •under either of those circumstances she slept almost without intermission—Miss Keith breakfasted as early as she could pro care her coffee and toast, and applied herself to reading for as many hours as Marcia ■would permit her to pass in that occupation. - obe would take her place in her inseparable riiair, arrange her ponderous skirts, her hideous cap ribbons, and her beautiful lace,' set her feet firmly upon her footstool, draw the desk round, fix it with the invariable ■click, and, paper-knife in hand, begin on the newspapers. She required two political " dailies." Only men, she maintained, were content to read their own side of the question; she wished to understand all its sides. And then she hked the personalities. She did not care to see the men who were making history, bat by reading wliat their supporters and their oppo nents said of them we believed that she smved at a fair estimate of them, and looked on smused. She read critical literature with sninty, and did not attend to its decisions rnjhe least; but absorbed all the novels of ^®day, whether they were pronounced read wfle or not by the omniscient dealers of woom. Misg Keith was a staunch stickler for judgment, and would say to Marcia, *Tdear, these people who do not suite, it *®ws me, so wonderfully swell themselves ®*rtell me what I ought to like, bnt I mean out what I do like, and the only Jy to do that is just to read every "dog. Accordingly, Mire Keith read every jTCy excePfc science and the poetry. of paganism. The one she held to j&ftove; her intellect, but the other she to be beneath ^ regarding it with uh contempt, as a quite sickening $hn. She disliked- blasphemy singly/aim jWitoelf, anda blatenvfantasri^bnreto *J<*miUy wrestedfromtppr cM prepriefctee, Simply seemed to ■ loathsome blasphemy and dtrtfor 'the, reading re books and .ond cherishingof laces Mire irwe dlvidM. She did not .enthusiasm for art, and; a >kinir atold churches and collections went a long \- ndyetthe often disastrous of an old. woman and « young WSS-Wr*-' case of MUes Kelt intents in'tbe expeti ider it srieoessml— selfish. Both were *i -wsa independent, eacholherai* Itotfeot not eonipM oonvifc ttorei oonvictic othSrsi. " :i^ukieS emus 8in«l® condition did not ^l&tpas; SS«t2vbe L^SM"* ,orth by her aunt borate qhe wished her (Maioia} to ma Tula Question, which turned up rather .,s 2«.e5rj ^ «? the dlscuMiong between them— for Miss Keith had aU the Scotch pertinacity— ^^^^•^gtoUipse into oblivion on the ,3^. KeltrfflookedUut her a good 5™ at the wedding. She had jparticolarlf requested-that no notice might he taken of her, and Mm MacMahon had been at first rather shocked at the idea of any apparent neglect of a lady oep&ble; of sending a present of flounces of Brussels point to a stranger. But Marcus had .answered for Miss Keith's v perfectly in earnest, and her wishes had been attended to. The old lady sat still in a comer and observed every one. Blanche naturally claimed her first attention, and she had been alive to the conventional .coldness of her reception of Marcia. "A bad sign," thought Miss Keith, "let the cause he what it may. If it's only care lessness, it is bad that she should be careless of his wishes on such a subject and such an occasion. If it's spite, it is worse stilL She's a pretty creature—a very pretty, graceful, bright creature—hut I suspect she's empty, and I should not be surprised if she was hard." Of Marcus she entirely approved. She been present at a great many weddings, and had never seen a bridegroom demean himself so well, or look so little like a fool. The rest of the party were in the ordinary style. Well dressed, well-looking, full of smiles, compli ments, and readiness to eat and drink, at first, and then insufferably bored and eager to getaway, as every one must be from every one's wedding, especially one's , own—they were not worth observing particularly, with the exception of that big, good-humoured looking man who seemed. so much attracted by her dear Marcia. and who, somebody said, was Lord Farney. She liked his appearance, he was so unlike all the rest, and he seetnea as much out of place as she was, though he had talked to Marcia with evident pleasure, and his glance had rested on the fair young bride with an expression of more than the mere ordinary interest of a wedding guest. "Mr. MacMahon's brother has sot head and heart enough for them both," said Miss Keith to herself, after she had observed him for some time, "and he looks as if he had found out that my dear Marcia could talk of something worth listening to. No one would believe how well she can look sometimes, who only saw her to-day. She is as pale as a ghost, and looks every hour of 30. It is this horrid London." "Lord Farney is staying at Bennett's," said Marcia to her aunt, as soon as they had driven away from No. 140 Clarges-street. " He is such a pleasant man. I like him so much better than his handsome, elegant fade brother. He is real. I am sure he looks and talks like a man who has some thing to do in the world for other people as well as himself, and who does it with all his might His face is honest, his voice is honest—a man of honour, if ever there was one, I am sure. I could not get at yon to introduce him before he went away. He is coming to see us to-morrow—you don't mind ?" "Mind, my dear! I shall be delighted. I thought he looked very nice and freBti." Marcia smiled. " Whereas Mr. MacMahon looks very nice and preserved t We had a great deal of talk, and I am so glad to find he is pleased with Marcus. He expected a good deal, you know, naturally, in the son of his old friends, but he likes him very much." It was remarkable that Miss Keith and Marcia did not discuss the bride. "As soon as I have got this finery off," said Marcia, " I shall come and Settle you up in the drawingroom. I am sure you must be tired, aunt." | " I am, indeed, my dear ; and I have not j looked at a paper to-day. I meant to know | whether Mr. Gladstone exhibited more than. his nsual arrogance and irritability last night, or whether the speech of the Premier, in its weight, importance, comprehensiveness, and eloquence, amply sustained the reputation of its predecessors.. I want to know whether the time of the House of Commons has been wasted on futilities! and the patience.of the nation taxed by official imcompetence, or whether the session about to close is to live in history as an example of brilliant states manship and gigantic industry." . Miss Keith read, and Marcia painted, while 'she had daylight, busily, steadily, reproducing upon canvas the interior of the church of Sainte Gudule, work ing conscientiously upon every detail. But the deliverance from the gSne of the wedding, the pleasure of the work she loved, made no difference in her appearance. During the whole > of that day Miss Keith's observation remained appropriate. No one, only seeing her then, conld have believed that Marcia Keith could ever look handsome, for she was as pale as a ghost, and looked every hour of 30. „ . . It chanced that when, on the following day, Lord Farney called on Miss Keith and her niece, Marcia was not at home, but her aunt ekpected ber immediately. Lord Farney was a quick observer, and bis saw and was pleased with the evidences of intellectual employment which the room displayed. He was profoundly miserable hipmplf in hia own part of the house,'and his old servant made turn additionally wretched by his discontent, so that the mere aspect-of Marcia's books, painting, and flowers did him good. He thought of the contrast with Mrs. MacMahon's prevalent smartness, and felt he was going to be comfortable''for. a white. He intended to return to Farney with as little delay as possible, as soon as he had made up his mind on one or two points, hut he could not go just yet. and* ifce acquaintance of these two charming women —for in a'few minutee' Lord Harney was almost as much pleased with the with the niece—wotdd be a great alleviation. Thwi^ed.of the wedding, and Miss Keith rfdtora hours' " orehis marrh. low.buthedc . the world: u ey like me, livi bounty." itoodear, srwithoL _. lam.tatlthini W -fitter tor knowi man ■ of woman intends ■ * ahtotomakejapl J iintdoao. I nn life already, and will be 'done* a few * Having no clue to the origin of thesemfa'j giving*, Miss Keith contented herself with earing that she had beentotdby Marcia tna Mamis was of a remarkably generous ~ confiding disDOsitfon. ! "Just like his father," Said Lord Famey* "When we were boys together, anybody could get anything oat of Severn by the simple process of asking him for it. or the slightly more complicated process of lnsinu ating a wish to haye it; indeed,. I'm not sore 1 did not do a good deal of business in that way myself. As to putting him on his guard against anybody, that was-out .of the quea tton.. I don't think if a mad dog had run at him with his ■ tongue out, Marcus Severn could have been persuaded he really meant to bite him; and I am sure if he had caught a thief with his hand in his pocket, the thief might have persuaded him the circumstance was occidental. And yet he was not in the least a weak man, and had the_ power of ■quietly persisting in doing the thing he be lieved to be right, no matter how unusual or unpleasant it might be. beyond any one 1 ever knew." ■„ "Invaluable qualities,"'said Miss Keith, warmly. "If Marcus has inherited.them, his wife has drawn a prizesin the great lottery." "His mother was a charming creature, too," continued Lord Farney, " 1 never saw Miss Keith, but I believe there was not the usual resemblance of twin sisters in their case. . I suppose your niece is like her mother." "She is like both her parents, and has a strange combination in her of their mental qualities as .well. I suppose you could no more make a woman of fashion of Marcia than you cpuld hare made a man of fashion of my brother." .■ " I sincerely hope not; I detest women of fashion, and I trust Marcus will do his utmost to get Blanche out of that contemp. tible groove. I have been so long away from all the jargon and trash, all the foUyand baseness, so long amongst my honest neigh bours and my poor people, I had ceased to realise how despicable it is. Bat a very few days is enough to post me up thoroughly in the ways and talk of them." There was an irritation in his tone so mnch at variance with the good humour in his face, and the kindliness of his manner, that Mite Keith immediately suspected he had in view a particular specimen of the obnoxious woman of fashion. " I shouldn't wonder if his sister-in-law is too much for him," thought the old lady, "with her aLs and graces and sly flirting ways. I saw her, and bo. I dare say, did he. That is a woman I could not keep my temper with for an hour." "Miss Keith is an artist, I see," resumed Lord Farney, "in more than one branch," looking from the piano to the easel. " She paints well, and is a good instru mental musician. She is very industrious, and never does anything less than welL It is fortunate she has Bach tastes, for she is a lonely woman, and like enongh to remain so." Miss Keith was so mnch pleased with her visitor, so ready to accept the sort of kinship established by the marriage, that she felt an irresistible inclination to air her own grievance. "There's not the least harm in my telling him," she thought. "He will not think I mean anything by it, because, to say nothing of his age, it would be entirely against Marcia's principles to marry an earL " Likely to remain so !" repeated Lord Farney. "My dear raadame, what do yoa mean? That Miss Keith should be Miss Keith still is sufficiently surprising, bat yon cannot mean that she intends to remain Miss Keith!" "Indeed, I do then mean just that. I really saw nothing of Marcos, or I should have Bpoken to him about it. You must know, Lord Farney, my niece has got most extraordinary ideas. Oh, would yon minfl letting me out, please. I can't talk so com fortably with the desk shut upon me. Thank you! It shuts with a click, you see, and opens with a click, and Marcia generally at tends to it." Lord Farney officiated with perfect gravity, and Miss Keith, released from her treasure, continued— "What was I saying? Oh, yes—most ex traordinary ideas! She is exceedingly proud of her wealth." ; "Isshe ?"8aid Lord Farney. "Ishould not have suspected her of that." " I don't mean purse-proud," explained Miss Keith. "There's not a woman alive more incapable of that than Marcia. But Bhe is proud of her wealth because her tether, my brother, had also extraordinary ideas made it all in trade, and never had a slur upon his name, nor did an unjnst deed, and befriended every one who ever had anything to do with him. I hope yon won't be of fended because Marcia thinks nothing at all of lords. She says Bhe could no more respect a man because he had a title, if he did not otherwise deserve respect, than she could believe an empty bottle to be full of wine because it had Miiet's label oh it." ' " I am entirely of your opinion. Miss Keith," repliedLoidFarney, gravely, "and I am disposed to believe your niece has seen a good many empty bottles with Mdet's label " Yes, so she says. But she is not only proud of her Wealth, I must tell you; she is very conBcientions about it Marcia is not what some people-would call pious, Lord Farney; indeed, I must say she's rather " broad " for my taste, but she detests senti mental religion, and she always says she doesn't care how they settle, or don't settle, the question of Verbal Inspiration, so long as it relates to thihgs of the imagination, or the spiritual World only, but she believes*- ' 'goes in'for,'it's the fashion to say now Verbal Inspiration the text, the whole texjt, ahfl hotMng 5mt the ' text, where it is God telling uianpot what he is to think; or feel, but what heisto do. and announ t ing his purpose of dealing with man,ih Case he doesn't do it, ■ - 'Let them fight the feet <jut. as they like, aunt,'- she has nassaidto mfc, ' but there's no mistake about that partdffhe mdtter.' The^NeWTestament tethemopt practical book in existence, and the least sentimental, though people contrive to get a great deal of senument and very little practice out of it. 1 find in teat practical book that it is barelypoarible-^onlypoBeiHe because God is all- powerful—for rich people to get to heavenjandl find that to whofn touch is gitoa—to> ;matter of what kind j>f Wealth—from them muchwill be required They can't explain that away,' or any of the'* theories, and I am one'Of those to who much bte been giveh.'" "That is .quite true, and I have also tared, in the teeth of all suoh notions b improved off the fees of tbeeartb, to hold idmliar optaioi»,wtoidLbidFwuey; "butfit Surely is not teqtfired of Miss Keith that sue Not exaoHy : -hot then, you see, sher itfc required* usehfetwes|thlt iltet God's poor bat that she should never give anyone who is otherwise minded any power over . . .. I. " Not one of the empty bottles with Sioet's label, for ihstanceT ■ I " Not any man whom she has ever Feb seen. And indeed,.Lord Farney, I'm getting very uncomfortable about it, for no one seemB at all likely to turn up to suit Marcia'a notions, and she grows more and more fit to take care of herself, without anybody's help, everyday." ' . " I have not had what I should consider, in the case of most men, a fair and fitting opportunity of judging Marcus Severn candidly and thoroughly," said Lord Farney, after a brief pause, " but it seems to me, from what I do know of him, that his ideas on things in general are not very unlike his cousin's. They were a great deal together before his mother's death. I wonder they did not make a match of it." " Dear me 1" said Miss Keith, looking fondly over her shoulder at one of her cap lappets. ".Snch an idea never entered their heads. Here comes Marcia. I hear her voice on the landing." 