' THE RIFLEMAN: TRAGEDY. : ■ (From the S. M. Herald.) Tho report that Itrauss, alias Prowtz, would be brought up at the Water Police' Court attracted a crowd of persons to that locality on Saturday morning. The accused : was received iuto the custody of senior con stable Martin about 1 o'clock <on Friday afternoon, and while being brought ashore made some remarks tending to criminate himself. After his arrival at the station house he evinced.no disposition to speak, and when brought from his cell on Saturday morning, to be charged with the attempted murders of Mr. Morgan, chief officer, and Mr. Nioholls, boatswain;, of the ship, he merely said he knew nothing about it. The prisoner ^is a muscular framed man, of about 5 ifeet G inches in height. His features are more Frouch than German,; and ' rather, unprepossessing. Ho has what is commonly called a bad face, a restless determined ex • pression about the eye, and a hard firm look about the mouth,, the upper portion.of wliicli projects considerably. When asked by the Water Police Magistrate if he had any question to ask the apprehending constable, he shook. his head and replied in good English, " No, sir." Tho cask of spirits con taining Captain Longmuiv's body was brought ashore to the Morgue at an early hour this morning, aud after tho Coroner's jury wore empauuelled it was opened in their presence and in that of the prisonor, who seemed quite unmoved. On examination of the scalp, Dr. Hamilton found a severe injury to the skull, apparently inflicted by such a weapon as that with which the mato was attacked. This was an extensive fracturo, sufficient to account for the cause of death, but as it was supposed that the deceased hail been drugged in order to render him incapable of offering resistance, an examination of tho stomach was ordered to bo made. While tho jurymon wcro in tho dead-house an immonse crowd of persons collected about *it,' anxious to obtain a view of the prisoner. While being removed to the Observer Tavern, where the inquest was to-be held; lie was closely scrutinized by Hundreds, but did not appear iiv the slightest degree concerned, or at all affected by the horrible charge on which he was in custody. When the proceedings adjourned for the day there was another large concourse of persons waiting for his removal, and his appearance called forth not a few muttered imprecations. Captain Longmuir's remains have been re moved on board the Alexander Duthie, and his funeral is appointed to take place from that vessel on Monday forenoon. Throughout the day the flags were at half-mast on all the ships in port, and on the various buildings connected with the shipping interest. ; The Inquiry was concluded-on Monday, ,wlien Krauss was fully committed to take his trial for wilful murder. The S. M. Herald of Tuesday says :— While reference was being made to letters having been found in his pantry, in several languages Krauss said that he could speak and read and write seven with ease. One paper was shown which contained memoranda in some half dozen' languages—among which were entries in Latin, German, French, Dutch, and English. The memos in Latin referred to the treatment of a black seaman for a tuberculous disease ; the English are notes of disbursements of stores ; one of the French memos is to the following effect:— " On the morning of the 19th February wo passed the Cape;de Verd Islands, all goes well." The memos in German arc the fol lowing detached sentences :—The longest day has an end—0 Lord into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail —at times headache comes from much growl ing—Those who fall into the wolves' don must hold with them." The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on the case seems to be the most important of all, is without date, and to the following effect :—''There has been a very great row (baruffa grandissima) with the captain (described as ' signor il capitano') (Humiliation—Bassamcnto !) who struck me a blow on the head. The whole thing arose out of nothing at all on my part deserving of such treatment." This extract will show that at the time it was written, Krauss was brooding over a blow received from the captain. All the memos in the several languages have been written in a remarkably neat hand. They seem to have been written at different times. 