-THE VERDICT OF AMLEPCA. wrexnr. PHuLrars O F Lor. (Fro the Bs!o Dail, Adr-srler.) T'he ct=re in the Parker Fraternity Corse list evening (3rd fDec) was delivered bi--Mr Wendel Phillite on the Eubject "'Sm Inferences from Froade." The at t____^e was large-much larger than unal, -and the enthn^rasm, when Mr Phillips .aid "hhiis rwing tributes to the character of the '-lri people, was frequently and freely m ristest The lecture was in s?ntan.ce as follows : *Tadies and Gentlemen,--I am to ofer to -a one or two eg~zosins- touchinm Mr tmvde's blIre-s on the relancons of Great Britain and Ireland. He said he came here -ato arue i ose tefore the American people as a i)ry, and in my narrow way I wish to use the hour you lend me to-night in render ing a verdict. It was a great privilege to hear an Enelish cholar'O view of these criti cal relatons between England and Ireland; it was a them deeply interesting to every student of English literature and politics, and the intere was deepened into gratitude when with geneouos parpee he gao the re ceipta of thse lectures to the an?irers of our great oanfiagration. I was rratified. also, at the channel which he chose for his addres to the Am?3ri? pop-the lyceum. It was a marked recognition of this new forum for the public discussion of great national questions, it was a compliment, well deserved, to the impartiality and intelligence of the andiences which make up the great American lyceum. Of course, being Fronde, it was brilliant and pictnresoue in narrative, graphic, instructive, and if he did not bring us manytnew facts, at least in- the manner in which he told old ones he revealed the mood, the temper of - mind, with which England looks at the question t-day, and that of itself is a great revelation. Horn Took said once, when Gibbon wrote his anto-igraphy, that a man who had any thing to conceal, ought -to do anythin: rather-than write his-own life that he should beg his worst enemy to write it be fore he trusted the unconscious betrayal of what he would have been but too willing to conceal. - So I think in the mode, in the standpoint, in the whole inspiration of these fine testimonies to the relation of Great Britain and Ireland, we have the latest and the most authentio and the most trustworthy declaration of the usode in which the leading Englishmen of to-day regard the Irish ques tion. We all hba reason to expect a scholar's treatment, to expect that he would bring order out of chaos, that the tangled web of this Irish history which had confused all students and pizzled the most patient in quirer, would be straightened out and cleared up For one, I never expected the exact statement, the `cltsn narraive, the logical sequence, or the instinct of the his tarian, for I think it cannot be said that Mr Froude has ever written anything that de serves the name of history. Fairly judged, he is a fervid, brilliant, and earnest writer of party pamphlets ; and grouping together these whole fine presentations of the Irish question, after all they are so discordant, so partisan, so fragmentary, and so one-sided, that it only runs in the line with the charac ter of his whole literary work. If .he .had not had occasion to name frequently the O'Connels, the' O'eille, the Fitzgeralds, the Geraldine, the Claire, and the Desmonds, I should hardly have known, as I listened that it was an Irish story. In my hasty way I have had occasion to study somewhat at length the history of Ireland in ite rela tins to the British Government, and I con fess with the exception of the dates and names, I should not have recognised the pic ture which the brilliant essayist .drew. I remember once Mrs Butler read for us a striking extract from "Marmion." I have declaimed it, listened to it, sang it, - and crooned it over a hundred times, and when Ihoeard it announced it seemed to me it would bebhat a tame piece to listen to ; but when the deep tndiied and unequal voice, and that soul that-permeates all her public readings, gave me the piece anew, I thought I had never seen it atall. So when I listened to this history of Froude's taking out the names and dates, I did not recognise the story. No doubt, it-was fair enough to England. With rare justice, he paintad her as black as she deserved. That is hoenstly to be said. But having given one broad, liberal black pigment to the whole canvas, he took it "all off and brightenefd'?p the lines. - As it was said of Sir Joshua R?ynol1e, that he would proclaim an artist the first of painters, and then in detail deny him every quality of the artiat, so Froude having told us in a, sentence of marvellous frankness that Elizabeth was ohargeable with every fault that a "ruler. could commit, that she lacked every quality of a worthy ruler, went on piece by piece to say that in. no other possibleo way but the.oet aho.took could she have met the exigeoncies. of. her reign. --Then, when you turn to Ireland, every statement, I think, of the BFog ishman is false, false in this sense, that it clutched at every idle tale which reflected tipon Ire larl, while it subjected to just and roeroi less scrutiny every story that told against England. He painted the poverty, the anarehoy, the demoralisation, the degradation of Ireland for the last three centuries, as if it stood out exceptional in Europe, as if every other kingdom was bright, and this wao tihe only dark and diaustingn ?y i~t on the continent ; whereas he knrew, and vwould not if questioner) hava denied, that the same poverty, the earno reootkless immorality, the: auo incredible ignoorance which he attrin huted to the population of Ireland was true of France at that daly, true of R?gland at the same period, truer still of Scotland at every date that he named. And then, when he cane to the publio men of Ireland, he? painted them monasters of corruption, stooped in the utmost sabserviency, eu the most entire readiness to traffle for votes and principlea, whon he knew that, all that bqinggraated, those mel were only toiling and panat ing i ther narrow capacity to lift then volv9 up to the level of the corruption of thi Eir lssh brothers. [Applausel. He platdo -r seadcingIr2ish a but Grattan stumenal, and vnu Oria,Uw eha* i « lad-mMi that-be wa.u bono, he Iaafy b ended him by painting him as afmpl*n. I know that you can pick out of his lectures, here sand there, a just sentence of h acknowledgment ; but I am endeavouring i to give the result of all the discourses the impression that would be left -on the vsetien:laener after hearin them all. Now Sseems to me that althat all tsndicates the par- T than, the pamphleteer, the pleader of a cause, not an impartial searcher after a great , truth, or a generous and frank acknowleig ment of a great na enal error. ome men t were surprised th:at an Englishman should t bring to this coantry a question apparently of so little interest as the relations of Ireland, r butit would be only a espericial. thinker that would be ld into that mistake. The relations of Ireland are the gravest, the most important feature of England' political life. Eight years ago I was hissed in Cooper's Inotitute for having said that England was ai second-rate power -on- the chess'card of Europe, but to day her jounralis have o cea?ed to deny the fact, and are engaged in an explanatin of why she is ?o. And the two great ininenes which have made her fall from a first-class poweris the neglect and oppression of her own m-nies and seven cen tuns of un?zdu?erateI and infamous op pre.ion in Ireland. ML- Froude to'd ts with ederammauc force and great tnth, that the wickedneso of nations was always pnished, that no matter how long providence waited, in the end the wickeaness of a rae was an swered by the -enshment of -tir desened ants. Enland has held for seven entrie to the lips??f her siter Ireland a poisoned chalice, Itas ingredsient were the deepest contempt, the most unmeaTurse oppresion, injaet. e, such as the world hardly ever saw t before As Mr Fronde said, Providence to day is holding back that same oup to the lins of the mother c??nty, which hs. within a dozen years felt the deep punishment of her ong injustice to Ireland. Ten years ao, when Germany pressd to the wall the small kingdom of Denmark, which gave to Enrglar1 her Princss of Wales, a d longed to draw her sword; when two yoars ago Bit mark sabbed her in the face of all Europe, again and asi- insltad her, smte her actually in the face, England longed to draw her siword, bhut she knew right well that the fi-st cannon she fired at any first-rate power Ireland would stab her in the back - Check mated, she cannot moe on the chessboard of the great powers, and one of the great causes o this sudden crippling of her powers i the Irish qnemion. I do not wonder az all that the thoughtful Ea?lishman should long to explain to the world, if he can, how the steps by which his country has been brought to this step have een inevitable, that by no wit of statesmanship, by-no generosity of-high toned and magnanimous honor could she have avoided the path in which she is tread ing. If Mr Froude could make out that proposition, if he could convince the world through the American people that England accepted the inevitable fate which the geoagraphical proximity of Ireland had en tailed upon her, it would havegone halfway to wipe out the clots on his country's fame. I do notwonder he should make the attempt. I believe that instead of England having conquered Ireland, that in the true, essen tial statement of the case, as it stands to day, Ireland has conquered England. She has sammoned: her before the bar of the civilized world to judge the justice of her legislation; she has checkmated her as a power on the chessboard of Europe; she has monopolised the attention of her states men; she has made her own island the pivot upon which the destiny of En land turns, and her last great statesman and present Prime Minister, Mr Gladstone, owes what. ever fame he has to- the supposition that at last he has devised a way by which he i can conciliate Ireland and save his own Scountry. But in all the presentations of the case it seems to me that our English friend has ben a partisan and not a judge. Let me illustrate in one or two instances what I .consider the justice of this charge.. The Spopulatioaof Ireland, previous to 11,. is only matter of guess. There never was a census till after this century had opened. f Sir William Pettie, Tynes Morrison, the Secretary of Iord Mlountjoy, and others have formed an eetimage at different periods of the population of Ireland Now, what I t charge as a proof of partisanship is that I whenever it served his purpose r to adopt a small guess in order Sto excuse an English. injustice or to bear hardly down .on the critical condition of the Irish, he hasalwayaselected I the smallest possible estimate. Whenever I it served his purpose, on the contrary, to eI ~xafrate the moral inefficiency of the Irishob ple, theo divided councils, the 1 quarrelsome generations, the totally ineffi 3 cient race, compared with some interval of sEnglish rule, he hasj always adopted the largest guess. For instance the historian's r estimate of the population of Ireland was . made about the year 1609, and beginning of the seventeenth century, which was made r by Tynea Morrison. He puts it at from r 500,000 to 600,000. Mr Froude adopts this h when he wants to say that James L, in con o fiscating six of the best counties in Ire and , settling on them his followers, was not very harmful, because he says there were very I few inhabitants in Ireland, and room enough ,e for a great many more. I do not see myself se by what principle he would justify a despot I in confiscating the counties of Essex, Suffolk, d Norfolk, Middlesex, Bristol and Worcester, y turn out all the inhabitants and give the t property to aliens, because there was a -,reat . deal of vacant land in Nebraska ! (Laughter and applause.) I do not see any exact moral d principle. Then he -brings us down to 1641-49, the era when Cromwell, with I 14,000 troops, subdued Ireland. Then it is a his purpose as an advocate to swell Ireland into large proportions, and show you a great 1 people swept like a'herd of stage before one single powerful English hand. Then he t tellsyouthat Sir Willam Pettie, has estimat oed the population of Ireland in 1041 at a , million and a ha f of human beings, an estimate which Hallam calls prodigiously t vain, and it is one of the most marvellous d estimates in history. Here was an island, o poverty-stricken, scourged by war, robbed e of its soil, and still it had trebled in popula Stion in about thirty-eight years, when with r all our multitudinous and uncounted emi. y gration, with all our swelling prosperity, 1, with all our industry and peace, I with all our fruitful lands and no touch Sof war-with all this, it took our country a more time than that to treble. It took , France 100 years totrobleo, but this poverty y stricken, war-ridden, decimated, starved Srsc, trebled in a quarter the time. Hew ever, having put down that point, the advo h cate goes on in order to osaggerate the c trebled immorality and frightful fratricidal -, aturs of Irish lifo, and tells you that in o the next nine years this curious popllation, k which has trebled four times que"ker than r any nation in Europe, lost 600,000 in the wars. i-ow. the wars became so much more Sdangerous and bloody and exhaustive in these Snine years than in the thirty- eight before, nobely explains. He tells us there wero S900,000 . mon,.women, and children, when SCromwell came to Ireland. These 900,000 were the old, the young, the women, .the Sdeeropit, the home-keepers. Cromwell land i eal with 14,000 mon, and how many did he tmeet ? How many did this population send out tomeet him? Two hundred thouesanll ma Ie Everyotherman in the Island went Sout. When France elevated herself with a gigantic eneoy to throw back the uttdr dis Sgrace of Georan annihilation, how many 1men did she put into the fieold G One in fifty. SWhoutermany, moved tol the contest for Sthe imperial dignity aflEurope,] raised all her Spower to crush Franoe in that terrible otrug Sgle, how many did she raiseo One in thirty Sive. When theSouthinherterribloconflict with us, was said to have emptied every. Sthing but her game-yards into the camps, i how msny did she send out ? One in twenty. t Buttbhispovertystrickon, decirated, woman Sand childron population, wenot ot one'-in t four! (Laughter.) Mr Froudo nes a poet Rfigure in reference to the Irish armies, say. o g "they melted away like snow-driftsh" Cromnall's stern experiencu at- Drogheda, le d. adtoo L arrY- ma. ? evantheabdaied nsodeav her until; U lsr bea?d ,its chief; .bat otland, t hightoned, anited,hiaLroiais-r4 Fronds's f ideal eontr -was conquered, without any 1 treachery, m i ix months ! Is that like r "a ? owdrift!' Ifaso, then Sootland, at any rate, was more like it than was Ireland. The Englishman asserts that the Ireland of 1782 was unfit for the work of I self-?overnment under Grattan, and needed - Ealish intervention. There never was on the face of the earth a more corrupt body s than the English Parliament at that very time. One of its most noted statesmen had risen to eminence on the dishonour of his sister, who had become the mistress of the King. Every man i ii had his hand ready for a bribe. And these were the men who came downlike anela -to save Ireland and her Parliament If corruption implies an incapacity forself-government, Mr Fronde was out of place with his theory in the city of New York, where three years ago It i would have required a better. language than that of Diogenesa to tiscover an honest man. a How should we have bore it if Tweed had lived in 179), and some Englishmen had pmiro ed that the sons of George III., with their mistresses, should onme over here, and the members of the House of Commons, and help New York to a bet- tergovernment ? At all events the O'\eills and O'Donnells can wash their hands lean of the. charge of having sold Irela4, for this, if done at all, was done byjPrtestants, and by themalone. The Irish people never gave up the fight Compare their h it$ aeth that of Poland. The attr wasground under the heel of Russian oppression,and yielded after seeing thr.hopes cr?ashed ountin blood. BHt tIreland endured English tyranny for seven centuries; her peasantry were faithful to their ancient chieftains .;and they never abandoned the hope of their national free doam. Peel, the English premier, confessed that Ireland could be ruled only by force t is my con-iction that the American people witlapree with me i- saying that rhen, fter a res.handred yeas' of trnt, any people cannot rule another xvce t by the seuor, they are ? ad to gire i up p! The English lec turer asserts-that Ireland, if emancipated, would - in a few years be - bank rupt and sunk in anarchy. If that be true, who is in fault for it. If a man were gagged, tied, and forcibly put on board a vessel sound to New Orleaus, and if in mid-ocean the captai-a suddenly deciding that he had no right to kidnap the man, should take of his bonds and drop him into the sea-if that liberated prisoner should drown, whose fault world it be Ireland rebelled after the death o-f O'Connell, and were I an Irishman, .I, too, would rebel! England can never forget Ireland, .for. Ire land haunts her dreams, enters into her Cabinet coontils, seals her sword to her scabbard, makes or mars thereputations of her statesmen.- At last, taught the truths of the statesmanship of Gratten and O'Connell, Gladstone advocates conciliation ; Disraeli stands by his side, uses the same arguments, and England's scholars come here to seek for a verdict-a salve to that conscience which cane know no rest haunted by the ghosts of Elizabeths and Henrys that have made the blood of Saxon race infamous on the records of history. England's code has alwas been either coercion or extermina tiaon Her rule has met with a heroic re sistance, for Ireland, even with no hope to cheer her, and with-defeat alone" inscribed upon her banners, has clung with unshaken fidelity to her national right. England- has essayed to prove, through seven centuries of blood and massacre, that .Ireland is- unable to take care of herself, but that she requires an English parliament to do it for her. I say ; "Let Ireland try! The" r?,e of the S-ord is o failure!' And even if the new experiment should fail, the fault would be; not in the Irish character, but in the oppressive, inhuman_ legislation of the I heartless, merciless Saxon race. At the close of this brilliant lecture Mr Phillips was grted with applause. . 