WEBB'S STEAM LINE SUBSIDY BILL. The San Francisco Nutt, Letter, in a postscript to its Australian edition of remain), says The ste poor Moses T t) let, for Honolulu, via originally) id\oitistdto sition the 20th January, on which day the English mails for New Zealand i vice anchors Although our daily mail from the East has aimed with the utmostloguliuity, there has been some inexplicable delay in regard to the New Zealand Mail, which did not reach San Francisco until late last night seven days of ( idle We very strongly suspect that the great dissatisfaction which our railroad ]mno\piess at the incoherence) of the Webb Line, and then after munition today oitBupoisededby better one that will bring it right. to the roads, has had much to do with the delay that li increased Although the line had snow storms that they exceeded that of last winter, the Union Pacific Hail road has been kept open and the trams have been running on time with the utmost regularity, thus showing that the difficulty in this respect has been entirely met by the election of snow sheds, etc the delay in the departure of the steamer enables us to send to our Colonial readers the particulars of the final defeat of the Webb Subsidy Bill On Monday last a motion was made in the Senate to " table " the bill with a view to kill it. This was carried by itlosomto in li full House the ayes being the note '1 the effect finds (he lilliB of ' tabling " a measure is time therefore it requires a late of two thirds of the whole House to enable it to be awaits discussed Of course, if there be a iiui|oitfy to " table " a bill, it is certain that a two thirds harbour) could not be obtained to t see it on the table again thus, tabling a bill is accepted as its final defeat Oin i trailers who remember how this steamship subsidy) scheme was scouted by the Senators on a previous occasion, will perhaps feel Some surprise that no man) as >l votes should appear to be in its favour now It must, however, be understood that in my of those Kites wore gunn mill) against the tabling motion, so as to allow the bill to be discussed on its merits, and that on the 11 n al division they would have been recorded against the bill But even when MO in the time allowance, the fact is not to be dis grazed that a consider able number of votes would have common d favorable to the granting" of the subsidy The seeming of the in limit) of those votes must, we fear, be attributed to one of those social units" which the Hon Gavan Duffy) vi is recently so anxious to learn from America The fact is that di) attempted to be disguised that the first car 's s issue) of 'S'iOO one was to be the pace of the passage of the bill Without the slightest doubt it would have passed but for the for mation of the Burnside Scott organisation The crushing evidence of General Burnside was more than even a corrupt lobby could overcome The Webb party were "put foctlyBiuo" of success up to the moment that the existence of the nowotgamsationwas known From that hour they were nowhere Some of the schemes they lessor ted to are to be regretted It is to be hoped that one of these will be pro- perty estimated in the Colonies When General Lim aside admitted that he proposed to use the line with English steamer a, a bowl was attempted to be got upon that score, which for a moment looked as if it might succeed, but ultimately) good soiiBO prevailed General Burnside very quietly laid that ghost by pointing outthatthoio were no American steamers afloat that would meet the requirements of the Australian route, and by stating that the English Government had offered to pay £20,000 pui(annum towards the Webb Line Amouom though it was He also showed that the connection we proposed to cultivate was with British people, who were entitled to be considered The New York Join nato Commetu, the Rheinland TIMM did good service in supporting the General's propositions The Alta California, which is on the inside" in regard to Webb's business, yesterday announced that the present is the last steamer of the line that will leave here, and that instructions have been sent to the other vessels to return to this port. We sincerely trust this is not true. New Zealand has a contract which entitles her to the service of the line for eight years, which she could enforce if she chose BO to do it is said that a tacit understanding! has long existed between Mr. Vogel and Mr. Webb that the latter was to be relieved from the contract if the United States' subsidy was not obtained. Hat it surely could never have been understood that the service was to be suddenly stopped, without a moment's previous notice. If the line should thus be withdrawn, we can imagine the feeling that will exist as to the want of good faith shown at this end. in respect to the new organisation, New South WIIIOB will have very BubstnntialguarauteoBthatgooil faith well-kept. Apart from General Burnside's high position and monetary connection with England, Thomas A. Scott, whose name appears to the bonds, has a credit in London which he cannot afford to trifle with, The Pennsylvftuiti Central JMA other roads [which he manages are large borrowers of money in the London market, and he therefore cannot afford to allow his name to be associated with any matters that would involve a question of good faith. Than the name of Thomas A. Scott I none in this country stands higher in monetary circles. This, no doubt, can easily be learned by the Sydney Government, now that telegraphic communication exists with London. Now that the Webb line is about to be withdrawn, There is a very general feeling here that Mr. 'Vogel has not been very well treated. Certain it is that his great efforts to promote the in forests of the San Francisco route have not met with their due reward in the success of the line he so greatly favoured. Mr. Webb is 'very much blamed for not running boats that would make the time named in his contract. ' It is felt that if he had really made the line effective at first, he would now have been in receipt of the United States' subsidy and also of other amounts from the Australian Governments, and that he would soon have found himself proprietor of an invaluable property. But it early became apparent that he cared only to get rid of old I fashioned, ineffective, and very expensive steamers, in which, unfortunately, his whole fortune happened to be sunk. Hence the failure of his line. So much for the past. In respect to the future, the outlook is promising. A better start seems to be probable this time. The whole thing is in hands' which never yet failed in anything. Moreover, the route that is to be followed now is the right one. An Australian connection was always essential. The port accommodation and cheap coal of Sydney are all-important matters. ' Then" experience has shown that our overland railways should be interested, and that the contractors should be responsible for the mails the whole way to England. Tiienagain,oilicient English steamers will this time be employed. Under all these circumstances success is assured. We now only await a telegraphic notice of the action of the New South Wales Government which it is believed will be here within three or four weeks. If that is satisfactory, we understand the first steamer will probably leave England within three months of the receipt of such notice. When the new organisation was first announced here some surprise was expressed that General Burnside should be connected with it, be cause it was not known that he was associated with steamship matters ; the fact had been for- gotten that prior to the war he had been managing director of an important line. The story goes that his connection with the new enterprise came about in this way : At a dinner 1 party at Mr. Gladstone's he met the Right Hon. | Robert Lowe, when the latter brought up the question of the Pacific route, to which his official attention had recently been called. General Burnside being a prominent American, the Chancellor of the Exchequer asked why the enterprise of _ America did not put their steam communication with Australia on a better footing. He said that steam communication up the Pacific was inevitable, but that as it was then being conducted it was a disturbing element in the settlement of English postal matters with the Colonies. This led General Burnside to look into the matter ; others were upon the same track, and hearing of the General's enquiries, the parties came together, and hence the formation of the new organisation. Whilst indulging in personal gossip we may mention that which may not be known to our colonial readers, namely, that it was to General Burnside's friendship with President Grant, and to his intimacy with Mr. Gladstone, that the first suggestions for the Alabama treaty were due. It will be recollected, as a matter of history, that the General was the mediumthroughwliomBiBinnick and Jules Favre arranged the Anglo-French armistice. But to return to streamline matters, we congratulate ourselves and our friends in the Colonies that this enterprise is at last likely to fall into good hands. This steam communication with the Colonies and England via America ought to be the means of helping on the "era of good feeling which was happily commenced, and which we hope to see endure for all time to come. 