ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. THE elections are now as good as over, and there is a fine field for speculation as to how parties will shape in the now House. That's the beauty of Queensland politics. At critical times the public are kept in a most refreshing Btato of uncertainty as to who's who, and what's what. With tho excoption of a fow obstinato old-faBhioned politicians, who stick to tho samo sot of opinions yoar after year, for no both* reason than bocnuso thoy boliovo thom to bo founded on truo principles, our legislators oro not political bigots. They aro always open to conviction, and thoir antecedents furnish no data for coming to a correct conclusion as to which sido thoy will toko at nny given moment in tho future Thoy aro not particular to a shade, but will chango sides on the slightest provocation, ohango back again in a fow days or wooks with philosophio composure, and calmly take a third course just as rapidly, " should suffioiont inducomont offer "-ns tho auotionosrs' advortisoments put it. Among the members already elected, for instance, thoro is M'llwraith who, whon InBt in tho Assembly, was fast rising to tho position of loader of tho " Liboral " party -ho starts on his now career ns a Bupporter of tho othor sido. The Hon. B. B. Moreton, again was an ultra-squatter of tho Wienholt typo when he rotirod from public life a yoar or two ago, but now ho haB been put in for Mary, borough oa the "Liboral" platform. Fitz, gorald, again, was a Radical in 1867 and 1868 \ and ho goes in as a strong Oonsorvativo->». naturod people say ho has grown rich of late?' Those must all bo ropreBontod by tho lottor " x " in tho now political problotn-BO must Pring, M'Devitt, and Griffith-tho want of a nev Attornoy-Gonoral by Palmor boing a disturbing x influence in thoir caBo which doflos calculation. Somo old fiivoritoB will bo loft out in tho cold, and tho ohauoos aro that thoir placos, in tho Assombly, will know thom no moro. Fyfo hs3 boon rejected for Rockhampton, but worso still, Forrett has beon elbowod out, and worst of all, Forbes, tho eloquent, oloar-Uoadod, dignified ex-Spoakor-Forbes is loBt to the As'ombly unlosB ho gots in " by the skin of his tooth" for Bundanba- dodgos in, in point of fact, between FraBOr and tho Government railway contractor, Bashford. Among tho now candidates who havo boon rojootod, I fool most for young Nowton who woood the sweot voices of the Bulimba doctors. Ho was a young man from the country whoso vordnnt innocence and con- fiding trustfulness in High Church dignitarios lost him his olootion, Ho Blurted on tho scoular tiokot on tho education question, and ran that ticket until tho last wook, whon ho was por Bunded to chango his platform, go in strong for denominational education, and win his elec- tion undor tho protection of tho Boman Catholic Church. This settled bia hash at once The Bishop sont a priest down into tho Logan end of tho eleotornto to work up and concen- trate tho Oatholio voto on Nowton, and as a natural consoquoceo, noarly all tho Catholics voted for Hemmant. Boman Catholic laymen in this colony aro, as a rulo, quita content to take thoir religion from the priest, but thoy havo a prejudice against his supplying thom with politios also. Thoy go in for tho right of prí- valo judgment on mattors political, as doggedly as tlio most heretical Protestant in the land. Tho priost not only loBt Nowton tho Catbolio voto in tho Logan, but tho news of his mis- sion was rapidly spread throughout tho othor portions of tho olootorato, and forthwith every loyal Protestant who meant to support New- ton, or not vote at all, was roused to fiery in- dignation, and wont to work for Hommant with an energy and zeal that nothing but Btrong re- ligious fooling could arouso. It was bad for Nowton, but wbonover a candidato gots into the hands of tho eoclosiastica it is pretty Büro to bo a caso with him. Talking of tho education question rominds mo that a corrospondont kindly forwarded me tho othor day a lottor which appoared in n late issue of tho London Examiner throwing an ontiroly now light on the subjeot of freo educa- tion :-" Thoro is (says tho writer in tho Examiner) ono aspect of the question which, to my mind, is of tho groatoBt cousequonco, but which has boon generally overlooked. Educa- tion is not only an intellectual and morai de- velopment, it is also a moans of living ; that is to say, in tho labor markot tho cducatod mon has far groator chances of success than tho un oducatod. What, then, will bo lho economic result of Stato education ? Surely, it is easy t° soo that vast numbers of thoso who now have to fill the worst paid offices will then compote for tho bettor paid. Take, for instance, the position of a commercial olork. AH ho requires to commenco with is a rnoderatoly good elemen- tary education. It is becauso he is ablo to obtain this that his work is moro valuablo than that of a porter ¡ but is it not ovidont that if tho portor'a child is oducatod at public expenso he will struggle for the better paid work? Included in that 'public,' how over, which pays for the Stato education, are a largo number of clerks, and thoroasoning which applies to thom also holds with any other trade or profession whioh requires an elementary oducation. Is it just? Is it consistent with thojfrindamontal principles of government to tax a person for tho education of othor people s ohildron, so that thoy may compoto with, and thus roduoo the wages of, his ownohildren? Upon what principio of justico is it required that a man should contribute towards the do- | terioration of his own position." upon my word that is a very pertinent quostion, and the oxtraot abovo quoted is BUggostivo of many other pertinent questions, whioh on examination load to the Tory foundation of modern political and aooial life. A late Prince of Denmark once said, " By tho Lord, Horatio, thoso three yea" I hn-vo takou noto of it ; the ago has grown so picked (i.e. smart) that tho too of tho peasant oomos so noar tho heel of the courtier, bo galls his Isibe." That was said before this Freo Edu- cation Bobomo bad been mooted, and if s progrosB in smartness was uiado in three yea then, what may be expected whon tbe firs generation of freo educated are groj? up and turned loose into the world Courtiers, aristocratio paupers, and rf speotablo " peoplo of small moans »'» not only get their kibes galled, but it will taK all they know to save themselves from belDS walked over, snubbed, and tat upon, by «nat poasants who havo hod tho benefit of «ucn State education as is now providod. AB B ru > you know, "blue blood" children have n more brains than tho offspring of PeM*n/j portors, tinkers, and other low poople 5 &<* l , only effectuai mode of maintaining those prop »ad necessary grades in sooiety which consUtu it« chief excellence, is to handicap the «* dais ohildren with ignorance as well as povorty Tn othor words, not to allow thom to acquire ideas abovo their propor station ia Wo which . an wiso Providence has, of courso, fixed at Uio very foot of the social ladder. But if all this is to bo changod, and by high class educa- ron competitivo examinations, and what not, crew youngstor is to havo a ohanco of rising to any station ho eau win by industry and shoor oovtor of brains, tho whole Btruoturo of society will bo overturned Bluo blood will then soon count for nothing, unless it is nceompnmod by will trained, well dovelopod mental and moral qualities, which tho tinker's child may also pD3«ess in equal proportion. This is Democracy mtli a vengeance' As nn outsidor, I don't caro tivopenco how it is settled, hut I feel some ermpatby for the respootablo people who havo little or nothing but mouoy or family traditions to keep them from falling into tho ranks of IhoploboiauB A striking illustration of lho absurdity of a poor man going to our law courts in the oxpoota lion of obtaiuing justice ia furnished by a man named Heniy Jacobs, a digger from Morinish, who has been lingering round Brisbane for tho J «Í two or thrco yonrs under tho forlorn hopo of gottmg his " caso " uttonded to Of courso (hero is not the slightest ground for hope in tho matter-that caso will never bo attended to again uuU»s it IB brought on ut tho groat Day of Judgment Jacobs carno from Sydney to Eockhampton in 18G7 with £430 in his pookot, and soon after purchased for £120 a third sharo in the Welcome reef, Monnish. This reef turnttl hut so well that other people, influen- tial people in Bookhampton, thought thoy would like a sliaro in it Jaoobs' partnor in Bookhampton -would not sond bira powder, and tu« .non could not got it without fetching, so ho went to Bookhampton for it, and directly ho wo; gono his claim was jumped by ono of tho 1 influential " boforo alluded to, sovoral others coming in afterwards for proportionate shares of the spoil Jacobs was a poor mau and a stranger, so ho ncvor stood tho ghost of a chanco of getting his claim restoied to him, and his proper courso was to give it up and go prospecting for a new claim-but ho could not be mado to soo this. The Woloomo roof iras turning out at tho rate of £40 a wook, a third of which rightly bolongod to him, and ho hankorcd after that, ongagod a lawyer, who advised him to go into tho Supreme Court, whoro ho wont and stuck fast in no timo He had sold all his worldly goods and possessions to get tho case into the Court, and of courso it could not bo carried on " for love " That was three years ago, and tho caso sticks still The Woloomo roof has been w orkod out-£19,000 or bettor woro got out of it, and tho money has all boon spont. Jacobs has bored barristers, petitioned the leßislativo AsBombly, badgered mombors of Parliament, and woanod all hiB acquaintances, with his gnovanco , but all m vam Ho is nothing but a rough ignorant gold diggor, and it is not hkoly that lcspectablo pooplo can bo botberod with his affairs. Tho worst of it is that Jacobs cannot divest himself of the idea that by sonio lucky ohanco somebody's heart will relent towards him and ho will still " got his rightB " 