POLICE COURTS. Adelaide: Wednesday, March 19. '[Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., C. W. Davies, J.P , and W. C. Buik, J P. Gayton bomcrton, shoemaker, charged, on the information of Bridget, wife of John Kennedy, with wilfully damaging her door to the extent ?of £1, waB dismissed, the Police Magistrate ZQwng the laformant that she could bring an ?fiction against defendant in a Civil Court. John CfBrien, drayman, for being drunk and incapable of taking care of his horses and dray, was fined 10s, Joseph White, confectioner, was charged, on the Information of George Bignell, fish-hawker, with stealing a horso, his property, on March 17. Hr. Bonnin, by permission, for prisoner. Informant, who was blind, said he bar gained for a mare from Oliver Clark ?on March 17 ; gave him his horse and 7s, 6d. for it. Put it in his stable that evening about 9 p.m. An hour afterwards missed it. The son of informant gave evidence of having seen prisoner coming oat of the stable about 10 &m.; He fetched in the horse which his father id sold, and took the bay mare (which was outside) away. By Mr. Bonnin — White said he bad bought it from a man who was hard up. Some^ other evidence having been given, Mr. Bonnin called Arthur Johns, horse-dealer, who said ha sold the mare which he had seen outside, and valued at half'.a-crown, to White on March 17\. White left it to be paddocked with Mr. Crane. Robert Crane deposed that Clark took the mare out of his paddock without permission. Inspector Bee asked for a remand umtil he could find Mr. Clark. Mr. Bonnin had no objection. 'The Police Magistrate adjourned the case «'»« die. Informations laid by Jas. Shakes, Inspector tinder the Width of Tires Act:— William Giddingt, builder, and Thomat Green, farmer, for not having their names, &c;, painted on their drays, were each fined 10s. and costs — 153\. in all; and William Peanon, for carrying excessive weight, 8s. and costs — together, 18s. LIBEL. Ebenezer Ward, of Kapunda, journalist, was charged, on the information of Rowland Rees, of Adelaide, architect, that he did on March 1st unlawfully, wickedly, and maliciously write and publish, and cause and procure to be written and published of and «oncerning the plaintiff a false, scandalous, malicious, and defamatory libel. The libel, which was then set out, was exactly the same as that contained in the information lieard on the previous Monday. Mr. Ward said he wished to call attention to ihe fact that one of the Justices now sitting apon the Bench had expressed publicly and in hia hearing an opinion that he ought to have been committed on Monday last. He would $sk if under such circumstances it was right and proper that Mr. Buik should sit on the Bench. Mr. Buik rose and left the Bench. Mr. F. O. Bruce said he appeared with Mr. 3oucaut in this case, but as the whole facts had been stated on Monday.last when the Bench was similarly constituted he should not make any remarks upon the evidence, but would pro ?oeed to prove his case. Thomas Wilson Flemming and Samuel Frearaon were again called, and produced ?copies of the Guardian containing the alleged HbeL Samuel Frearaon, further examined, said he had read the alleged libel contained in the ?Guardian of the 1st March. He knew Rowland Rees referred to. Mr. Rees was the informant . in the present case. Cross-examined by Mr. Ward— Had known ^Ir. Rees since his arrival in the colony as a respectable, honest person, and so far a» his ?experience went would call the article referred to untrue. If he heard witnesses swear that .Mr. Rees was guilty of gambling and drinking would not believe the charges without ocular ?demonstration. Mr. Ward— Have you ever seen me print the 'Guardviv. ? Witness— No. Mr. Ward— But you have stated on oath that .'I am the printer of the Guardian, Now how ? can you do that consistently with the statement you have just made? (Laughter.) Witness, after a pause — I don't know. '(Laughter.) MrT Ward, before Mr. Rowland Rees was « called, wished to ask that his examination should be literally transcribed and every word taken The Police Magistrate— You are not entitled ?to that. , Mr. Ward— I am entitled to have what he says taken down in full. The Police Magistrate— Then it would appear -as '.question and answer; but all that appears upon the depositions is in a narrative form. Mr. Ward— I wish it taken down in fulL The Police Magistrate— It shall be token down as fully as possible in th-a form in which deposi tions are taken, but it will then be in the form ©fa narrative. Mr. Ward—My object is that I intend to com mence proceedings for perjury against the in formant if he states what is not true. The Police Magistrate— You should not com mence by making such a threat. Mr. Ward— I do not wish to make a threat, but it is usual to staU the object when an appli cation ia made to have words taken down. The Police Magistrate— Have you, Mr. Bruce/ any objection that the evidence ehould be taken down word for word in the form of question and answer? ' Mr. Bruce— I have no objection at all if 'such a course is necessary, but I think it would take a large amount of trouble and labour, and I think that there is not the slightest ground to apprehend that it will be necessary. It looked very like malice. Mr. Ward— There is no malice, but it has been stated in town that Mr. Rees is coming hereto deny certain statements that I know to be_ facts. That is my reason for having the evidence fully taken down. The Police Magistrate— It will be taken down as fully as possible. I can see nothing in the Act to show in what way it is to be taken. Mr. Bruce— It is pointed out in a form of depositions at the end of the Act. The Police Magistrate (after consulting the Act)— Ab far as possible, the language shall be given In full, but to take down question and answer would occupy too much time. Rowland Rees, the informant, then said— I know the defendant in this case. I have read an article referring to Mr. ees and the Burra election in the Guardian March I. I am a ' candidate for the Burra election. The article fa headed, ' The Election for the Burra.' I un derstand the Mr. Rees referred to to mean me. I am the only Rowland Rees in the colony. The Police Magistrate— So far as you know. Mr. Rees— I am sure of that. I am the only Rowland Rees candidate for the Burra. Mr. Bruce— It says in this article, 'It is one of the duties which, as a journalist, we owe to the public to expose shams, which are sought to be imposed upon public credulity. We say that Mr. Rees is such a sham. He comes before the electors with professions «f piety and tempe rance.' Now, are you a sham f (A laugh.) Witness— I am not a sham. I come before the electors on temperance principles and practice. I understand the inuendoes in the' article. I am not in the habit of drinking, gambling, or blaspheming. With reference to the implied charge of immorality, I most posi tively swear that I have never had either con nection with or knowledge of any woman of ill fame, and I don't knew one when I see one. [Sensation.) Referring again to the article, I may say I am not a blatant hypocrite, and I never blaspheme. I have known Mr. Ward personally for about two years. Mr. Bruce — Is he a friend of yours? Witness— Certainly not. Mr. Bruce — Did you ever number him among your friends? Witness— Certainly not ; I have never had any conversation with Mr. Ward about my candidature. There was some talking at him one day at the Globe. Mr. Ward made some general statements referring to the three candi dates. There were several gentlemen sitting there when Mr. Ward walked in humming, and one gentleman said — ' Well, Ward, how about the Burra election?' Mr. Ward replied—'4 Do you think I take any interest in the crew that's up there. What is the country coming to?' The gentleman said—' Ward, there is a striking re semblance between you and Rees in the cartoon of the Porionian. I think they must have had the upper portion of your face in stead of his when they did it.' 'So I have been tcld,' said Ward, 'and I don't feel at all complimented.' Upon which I said, feeling myself personally in3ulted, ' I am quite willing to poll this room and the country as to who is the more respeotable person, Mr. Rowland Rees or Mr. Ebenezer Ward.' Mr. Bruce— Mr. Ward did not care to go to the country on that question, I suppose? Witness— He did not. I look upon Mr. Ward as a low political bug, who stinks where he daren't sting. ' Gentlemen,' said the gentleman who first spoke, ' I thought you were friends, but Ward threw the first stone; but you will be able to fight it out on the floor of the House.' Mr. Ward immediately retorted— 'He is not there yet, and I'll bet a new hat he does not get there.' 'After a little pleasant chaff about the value of hats, Mr. Ward went away. I have not spoken to Mr. Ward since. I never spoke to him about the election before this. I had been told what he said, but did not hear him say any thing personally. I have read this article. I cook the temperance pledge 10th June, 1872. I have observed it since. I consider the article most decidedly calculated to do me an injury. Cross- examined by Mr. Ward— I understand the nature of an oath. I am quite sure I am the only Rowland Rees in the colony. Mr. Ward — How is it possible you can be sure ot that? Witness— By reference to the census list I think it is almost impossible there can be. Mr. Ward— Do you know the extraation of avery man, woman, and child in the colony? Mr. Boucaut— A woman would not be Row land Rees. (Laughter.) Witness— I do not profess to know. Mr. Ward— You said you took the pledge ast June, if I prove .that you have ueen drunk dnce then will you say you are not a sham ? # Mr. Boucaut said that was a matter of opinion, md Mr. Ward had only to elicit evidence. Witness, replying to Mr. Ward— Then I shall :onsider you are much cleverer than I took you bo be. Mr. Ward repeated his question. Witness— I wish to state most distinctly on my oath that I have never had any intoxicating liquor sines I have been a member of the Temperance League. I swear it mo:t positively. Mr. Ward— You have sworn it already; but if I prove that you have had intoxicating drink slice you took the pledge, will you not then admit that you are a sham? Witness— Then I shall believe that I am not the only Rowland Rees in the colony. (Great laughter.) Mr. Ward— You now admit a doubt about what you swore positively. Witsess-I have suggested there might be a ghost certainly. But I have not the slightest doubt about the matter. Mr. Ward— Are you positive ? Witness— If yoa want to badger distinctions, I'll allow you to go on as far as you like ; but it is hardly necessary. I have already said I am positive. Mr. Ward— Are you as positive on the point as you were a minute ago! Witness— I said I had no doubt; and I have none now. My deubt was to be subjeot to your proving what you suggested. Mr. Ward — Will you now repeat these words of your evidence ' I am not in the habit of betting, drinking, or gambling?' Witness— Yes; I will. Mr. Ward— Do you know the Criterion Hotel? Witness— Your Worship, I think that this enquiry, according to the article in the news paper, points particularly to my temperance principles. Upon those grounds I am ready to go into every single item of my life since I was born, if you wish it— (laughter)— but there should be some limit I do not think that this question is necessary, as I am only called upon to prove that I do not do certain things now. Mr. Ward— The question is a very proper one. I can give no evidence myself, but wish in the cross-examination of the witness to bring out the facts. If His Worship does not allow me to go on I don't see how I can do so. The Police Magistrate— I do not think I can put such a limit upon you as Mr. Rees asks for. Mr. Ward— Have you ever been in the Criterion Hotel under the influence of liquor? Witness continued — I have been in the Criterion Hotel twice under the influence of liquor. I have been there twice. I might have been slightly under the influence of liquor at the Pier Hotel, but I should like you to give the dates. Mr. Ward— Unfortunately I am prohibited from doing so. Witness continued— I do not remember ever having been in the Buck's Head. Mr. Ward — In what other public-houses besides the two you have mentioned have you been under the influence of liquor? Witness— I think I may say at the Crown and Sceptre on one occasion, once at the York, and once at the Globe. My great anxiety, your Worship, is to give Mr. Ward the benefit of any possible chance, and therefore I mention cases where I was onlyslightly gone. (A laugh.) I nevei was drunk in the colony. Mr. Ward— I would not have introduced it, but I must askyou whatyoumean by very drunk. jfr- Rees— I mean when he is incompetent to take care of himself and making a fool of him self in company. (A laugh.) Not one of the cases Mr. Ward has brought under the notice of the Court happened during my connection with the Temperance League. I have never been in that degree of intoxication which has attracted public notice. I am not in the habit of gambling. Mr. Ward— Do you recollect this cheque. ? . Witness— Perfectly. (The cheque was on the National Bank, Kapunda, for £2 123., and was rigued by Eb. Ward.) I don't recol lect who I sold it to. I sold it be-, cause I thought it would not be paid, and. told you no. Your cheques were so often dis honoured. I was aware judgment summonses were hanging over his head, and I sold it in Mr. Ward's presence. I received, I think, a pound for it If they had offered me less I think I should have taken it '(Laughter.) We were having a game at hazard. You and I after Mr. Mann had left. Mr. Ward objected to names being brought forward of persons who were not present ' Witness— I mentioned it to show I was in respectable company— M.P.'s and such persons. You vrere there, and drunk, too, at the time. (Laughter.) I don't consider chicken-hazard gambling. I consider so long as you don't go beyond your means you are not gambling. I may state that occasionally living at a distance from town I am compelled to stay at the Globe for the night, and I have in a few evenings played there in a sociable way. Since I have been m the colony I have played only seven times in four years. I have never played for any large sums. The stakes in this case were very smau. I think the highest we staked was from 5s. to half-a-crown. That is within my mean3, and therefore I don't consider it gambling. I can't recollect who was present when you gave me the cheque. The room was full. There wasa betting man from Melbourne there, but I was not aware of it till afterwards. I sold the cheque to him. Mr. Trew next morning told me who the man was. I certainly should not have played with him had I known it You are a professed gambler, and can take care of your self drunk or sober. Sir. Ward asked to have these words taken down. .' ? Witness continued— If I have played as I have Btated, still I say I am not a gambler. I was playing on the night the cheque was given for five or six hours. I did net go to bed at all, and did not intend to as the house was full. I think we ceased playing at half-past 3. Between that and the time I went out I took 40 winks. I was playing hazard about three and a half or feur hours. I don't think I understand it now. . (A laugh.) Could not state the nverage number of mains thrown in an hour. Should think nothing like 20. Did not lay 5a. to half-a- crown on each main. Might sometimes when I lost have taken threepence to sixpence, or sixpence to a shilling. I have played at some of these games in a public room with my articled clerk. Three times I thick I can swear is the limit, but I am not his guardian after he leaves the office. He has been at the Globe and playing, whether I have been there or net. I played chicken- hazard with him. I have gambled once at the Hamburg Hotel. We played Yankee grab first, and after wards chicken-hazard. This was on October 23, 1870\. The stakes at Yankee grab commenced at about a shilling and finished rather high. I think at £1. I had never played before in my life and did not understand it, and was playing at Yankee grab about three hours. Do not consider that gambling to my idea. I lost £8. I paid it by cheque, and it iwas honoured. I disputed the payment in the first instance. I said I thought I was ' cheated. A gentleman resented it, and made a furious attack at my nose. (Laughter.) Mr. Trew interfered, and the matter was amicably settled. On the followin&r; morning I asked for an ex planation of what occurred the previous evening. The arbitrators gave their award, and I at once settled. I cannot fix the dates of the time when I played with my articled apprentice, but it was about 10 months ago. I played at the Buck's Head. It was before last May. I played cribbage with a gentle* man living in private apartments. It was in an upstairs room. The game commenced for half a crown, then we went on to 16s., and after that to £1 per game. I won £2. I do not con sider that gambling for a man in my position. I was not under the influence of liquor. We had only two bottles of porter. Mr. Ward— Now, what do you say to your statement as to betting and gambling? Witness— I adhere to what I have already stated. Mr. Ward, referring to witness's statement about his knowledgeof women of ill-fame, asked him to point out in the information or the article of the 1st March any reference to immorality. Witness— I heard last night that you were going to attempt to prove it, and I thought I would anticipate you. I think the words 'mask of piety' would include immorality. Then, as to Mr. Ward's knowledge of Mr. Rees, it is limited to two _ occasions, that referred to in connection with the cheque and once at the Hamburg Hotel. When you made an appointment with the bar maid of the Hamburg Hotel to take her out in a cab after dark, she refused to go with you because you were a married man, and when you came in the evening a lot of gentlemen who had assembled laughed at you in derision. The matter was the talk of the dinner table next day at the Hamburg Hotel, where I dined. I knew that you were a married man because something was said about a friend of yours going to amuse Mrs. Ward in the evening while you took the barmaid out. Mr. Ward— Do you say you never spoke to me excepting on these two occasions? Did you not meet me on any former occasion? Witness — I do not recollect meeting you; but if you recall some incident perhaps I may. Mr. Ward — Did you not speak to me on one occasion about your relatives? Witness— I recollect your claiming to be a relative of mine, and I repudiated it Mr. Ward— I think I can prove, from your own words, that you claimed to be a relation of mine, and I did not seem to see it What you say has nothing to do with the case, and it u absolutely false. Mr. Boucaut took objection to the statement made by Mr. Ward, and thought it must be withdrawn. The Police Magistrate — Mr, Ward should withdraw the statement and he could swear an information against the witness if he liked. The witness— As Mi1. Ward makes this state ment regarding perjury I would like to swear it. The Police Magistrate— You are already on your oath. Mr. Ward— I am afraid that he thinks not (Laughter.) Mr, Ward— I shall not take up the time of the Court in going on with this point, but shall lay an information for perjury. against the witness. Witness— I think this portion of the article about Mr. Rees talking morality by the yard, &c;, calls in question my morality. 1 am not an immoral man, but a moral one. I object to the whole of the article; but that is all which imputes immorality in my opinion. When I said you were a political bug, &c;, at the Globe, Mr. Parkin and you heard it. I am perfectly certain it was before March 1. Mr. Mann met me, and said,' How you have been walking into Ward. It has hurt his feelings frightfully.' The conversation took place before the article ap peared in the Guardian. Mr. Ward— I think that it might The Police Magistrate— Not as t« piety and blasphemy. Mr. Ward— Mr. Rees has not challenged either. If he does, perhaps he will read the part referring to it Witness read part of the article ending 'We care nothing about what a public man may do except in kis public capacity. If he drinks, bets, gambles, and blaspheme*,' that means me. Mr. Ward— Are you the only public man in colony? Does it necessarily mean you! Witness— I honestly believe that it means me. and was intended to mean me. I object to the whole of the article. Mr. Ward— It states ' he professes to be a martyr to Bank tyranny,' and represents him self as ene whom it is intended to crush. Have you represented yourself as a martyr to Bank tyranny? Witness— No. I accused the Manager ? of using his influence for the benefit of his friend, Mr. Lindsay. Mr. Ward— It states, ' if he were genuine in this we should not complain.' You do not complain of this?^ Witness— No; it- is fair criticism from your point of view, but that is not in the informa tion. Mr. Ward read—' Mr. Rees induced those who heard him at Aberdeen to believe that the Manager of the Bank of Adelaide determined to crush him by demanding payment of his overdraft, because he was a candidate for the Bnrra.^ Did you wish to make them believe that? ' ,_ . Witness— No, not because I was a candidate for the Burra, but because I was contesting it with taafnendMr. Liudsayl »ilM^'iWar-J.wished to question witness as to' the letter which he read from Mr. Souttar, but' Mr. Boucaut objected, and the Police Magis trate upheld the objection, saying there was notomg on the subject in the information. ' Witness-It is within my knowledge that you' have expressed a hostile opinion towards alLthe candidates for the Borra. I know you told1 abominable lies about me. You opposed Mr. Bean till you printed his address, and after' that you thought he was the man for tho Burra. , ^ ? He-examined by Mr. Boucaut— Every occasion on which I was under the influence of drink was before I joined the. Temperance League.' There were five or six times altogether. Once at ?the Yorkagentleman gave adinner in my honour, and some of the most respectable persona in the colony were present A parson was there, ' who sang^ a song which he. would not sing in the pulpit He was a land of lay parson. That was the occasion when I was 'tightest'' of all. That was when somebody, a very highly respectable gentleman, sat on: a door step, but it wa9 not me. I only played for money about seven times since I came into the* colony. I do Dot know that there is another Ebenezer Ward in the colony/ One is enough. (Laughter.) . . To; the Bench— Yankee grab is a game of chance I think. I do not know who supplied the dice with whick I played. I am a member of a Church, but I do not prof os* to be pious. I claim to be a temperate man, but not a pious man. . The Police Magistrate— You are temperate, but not pious. (Laughter.) By Mr. Ward— There may be professing* members of Churches who are not pious. There may also be a professing politician. You are an example of that class yourself. If talk could do wonders you would be a wonder. (Laughter.) Mr. Ward— Are there politicians who are not in earnest ? Mr. Boucaut— He says there is an instance in yourself. ? ; Witness— If your remark refers to me I cannot answer it, because I have not yet been tried, but I think they'll try me at the Burra. Mr. Ward— I am unfortunately being tried now. This was the case for the prosecution. : Mr. Boucaut said he had very few remarks to make in this case. The defendant had ap peared and defended himself here, and so far both Mr. Rees and he (Mr. Boucaut) had been placed at a disadvantage, insomuch that a certain licence was allowed to persons unskilful in the law which was not given to other people. In the conversation that Mr. Ward had referred to he had done him (Mr. Boucaut) the honour to, say : that he mentioned to him that pro ceedings were being taken against him, and advised him to retain a professional mau. And he thought it would perhaps have been well if he had done so, and what he had advised showed that he had in no way wished to take advantage of him in this matter. With regard to. the action taken upon this matter the other day, he might say for himself that he had taken the full responsibility of the conduct of the case. He bad thought it best, in view of the election for the Burra, that it would be fairer for all parses that Mr. Rees should not be put nto : the box. He had been instructed by Mr. Rees that if it was necessary the prosecutor should be placed before the Ccurt for the most thorough cross-examination, and that being so, he tendered him; but with all due respect to the Police Magistrate he might say that had be not had special instruc tions he Bhould not have tendered him, and considered not only that he did not require to tender him, but thought that he could prove to His Worship that there was no reason that the prosecutor should be tendered. With regard to the article in question, he considered the re matks made by His Worship the Police Magis trate upon it showed the impression it had created upon his mind, and he did not therefore require to show by any furthur remarks that the article was. libellous. It was such an article that he thought Mr. Rowland Rees was entitled to have the case sent before the only tribunal that had imposed upon it the duty of investigating such charges, namely, a Jury of his country, parti cularly as Mr. Ward had set up a justi fication of his accusations. He did not wish to say a word that was cal culated to influence the election for the Burra, and should not eulogize Mr. Rowland Rees for the manner in which he had given his evidence. But he wished to say respectfully, and without any unkindly feeling against Mr. Ward, that articles of this kind, dragging private life before the public, Bhould not be encouraged, and he felt sure that His Worship would do nothing himself that would encourage them. He thought if all men had their private life thus dealt with very few men would come through the ordeal much better better than Mr. Rees had done. His Wor ship knew that the present tribunal was not one to decide a case of this kind solemnly as would a Jury; but if His Worship considered that it was a proper one to try the case, he should not object So far as that was concerned, he should leave Mr. Rees in His Worship's hands. Mr. Ward said he intended to examine wit nesses he had there that day, and he could produce a great many more to meet the matters which Mr. Kees had set up that day. He was not aware that he was going to state that he had called him (Mr. Ward) 'a low political bug,' because he never called him anything of the kind ; aud he could produce the gentleman to whom he stated he had made the remark— Mr. Parkin — who was ready to swear that Mr. Rees never called him anything of the kind. He ad mitted if Mr. Rees had done so before he wrote the article, pnmA facia evidence of malice on his (Mr. Ward's) part might bo made out; but that could not be set up when he had nover called him anything of the kind. He submitted that if he were to be committed for trial on the evidence of a man who made such reckless assertions as Mr. Keea had done in the box that day, any man might be committed on the same grounds. Their Worships had to determine whether circumstances existed which made what had been written a libel or not Supposing a man whom he knew to have been a convicted felon put up as a caudidate for the Burra, and he stated that fact in an article, surely he would not be committed for trial when the answer to the charge of libel would be in the records of that Couit, and the state ment was made in the interests of the public, so that they should not be made the dupes of an unprincipled person. He contended that in this case every word he had written about Mr. Rees was the literal truth. He hail not written so much as he might have done. He could justify every word, and show that the export that Mr. Ree* was attempting to cheat the electors of the Burra was necessary in the interests of the public. In Starkey oh Libel there were plenty of authorities to show that the private character of a public man or a man who came before the public in the capacity Mr. Rees had, as it tended to reflect upon his per soual honour or integrity, might fairly be made the subject of comment in a newspaper; and lie thought that if he could show that all he had written was written in the public interests, their Worships would not commit him. Moreover, he believed it was not the practice of the Court to commit on a charge unless there wa3 some reasonable expectation of a conviction being obtained in the Supreme Court; and taking Mr. Roes's own admission of drunkenness and gambling at various times, and that he had three times played%azard in a public room during the Ia3t few months with his own articled appren tice, wa3 there the slightest probability that any Jury in tho world would convict him for having stated these facts in the interests of the public? A good deal might be judged of the value of a man's evidence from the way in which he gave it and the statements he made. Now in one or two particulars Mr. Roea had maAo sarious charges against him which did not in anyway affect the merits of thfc case. For example, ho stated that on a particular occasion he (Mr. Ward) made an engagement to take a barmaid at tfce Hamburg out, and that he was disappointed in doing so, and hia friends assembled to chaff him about tho matter. Mr. Rees could have no possible knowledge of any thing of the kind because it was never carried out or cveo contemplated. It was a little bit of chaff concocted by Eoac of hh friends for a. bit of fun. Mr. Rees seemed to have heard it, add then with the recklessness which 5 had run through his evidence came and swore, that tfie thirg occurred. On' another occasion, he was prepared, to;, prove, too, that th9 .version Mr. Rowland Rees had given of a conversation' as to some supposed claim of relationship between them was utterly untrue. Howouli call Mr. H.' E. Bright, M.P., who, would say' that it was Mr. 'Reea who introduced the con versation, and claimed relationship with - him. (Laughter.) He went into the York one day and found there Mr. Rees, who was informing a number of people that he was going to be married next day,' and he turced round to him' and said, 'Do you know Essex ?' He replied . 'Yes.' Mr. Rees said, 'Do you know' Clapton J' 'Yes.' 'Do you know, the ' Pulterieys at Clapton.' He (Mr. Ward) re plied, 'I ought to, for an uncle of miae married a daughter of the family.' Mr. Rees : said, 'Indeed; an uncle of mine married another daughter.' ; (Laughter.) He (Mr. ' Ward) saidj 'In that case your uncle ' must be Richard Blackie, of Liverpool.' ' le never heard the name of Mr. Rowland Rees fromitfr. Blackie in'England, and how could he imagine he was his uncle until Mr. Rees told lim so, and he very much, doubted it now. Laughter.) Mr. Rees's peculiaridea of gambling, that playing at Yankee grab for £T was not Rambling, explained the apparent discrepancy between his evidence mi the truth.. He had told them that he wps a member of a Church, although not a pious man. That was the, very ; thing. Only a hypocrite could be' a member of a Church and not be a pious man. (Laughter.) What he (Mr. ^ Ward) had charged him with ^ was ' being a humbug and a hypocrite, and' he proved it out of his own mouth. ?, Mr. Ward then complained that he had been submitted to a good deal of unfair ness in his being brought t» town on Monday ' morning to answer the charge, and not being served with a summons till the Saturday morning previous at Kapunda; Mr. Boucaut haviug 3ubpcenaed certain witnesses, whom, however, he did not call on the Wednesday. He (Mr. Ward} came on Monday prepared to put Mr. Rees in the box if Mr. Boucaut did not do it, and he had not tendered a single thing in justi fication of having brought him there a second time to answer the same charge. He did not think that a fair thing. His Worship— If I thought it wrong that you should be brought up again I should not have allowed it Mr. Ward said Mr. Boucaut had done nothing more that day than he might have done on Monday, and that he complained of. He chal lenged him then to produce Mr. Roes, aud he refused to do so. The points he was going to tonder were these— first, that the comments which h8 had made upon Mr. Reas's character came within the scope of fair comment upon the action of public men. The only assertions he had made against Mr. Rees were that he was not pious or temperate, and that he was a hypocrite and a humbug. He had not said that he wad immoral, that he blasphemed or got drunk, although his counsel had attempted to place that construction upon the article. He^ said, 'It is one of the duties which, as a journalist, we owe to the public to expose shams which are sought to bo imposed upon public credulity;' and it came to whether he could justify the following statement: — ' That Mr. Rees is such a sham.' Mr. Rees had admitted that he was a member of a Charch, though not a pious man; aud if by profe&rin;? piety and temperance he had induced such a venerablegentleman as Captain Bagot and Me^rs. Pickering and Cole, both good aud consistent men, to publicly advocate his cause, believing that he waa what he professed, he was a sham. And even supposing Mr. Rees might state in defence that although he was not a pious and temperate man at the times to which he (Mr. Ward) referred, but that he was a different man now, he might have made a profession- that day of having become a converted man, or at any rate might have done so on some previous occasion. Not having done so, he had no reason to believe that he had changed his practice. The article Baid, 'We care nothing about what a man may do, except in his public capacity. If he drink', bets, gambles, or blasphemes, so long as he does not do so publicly, or professes to ba other than he is, the public have nothing to do with it' Aud this it was attempted to be set up imputed blasphemy and immorality to Mr. Rees. He had not said Mr. Rees blasphemed, and had never heard him do so, and even Mr. Reea admitted that that sentence did not necessarily apply to him, and therefore, so far as that went, the chaigefsllto the ground. He had never im puted immorality to Mr. Rao?, and did not know what his relations in that respect were; and yet Mr. Rees set out by saying that he com plained of the whole of the article. Even in that respect he had attempted to make the public believe what he knew was not trde. If he went to Aberdeen and stated to a large meeting that he had been persecuted by a Bank Manager because he was a candidate for the Burra, and. yet it could be shown that the first letter which was sent him, requesting pay ment of his overdraft, was sent before Mr. Souttar knew He was a candidate for the Burra, would not that show that Mr. Reo3 was a hypo crite, and tend to justify him in showing that he had attempted to palm himself off on the elec tors of the Burra as other than he was? If he could show, too, that there was not the slightest evidence of malice on his part he did not think their Worships would commit him. In the case Ward v. Taylor, for libol, Mr. Justice Wearing would not allow the case to go to the Jury because there was no evidence of malice proved. If this case was sent on it must necessarily be tried by Mr. Justice Wearing, and inasmuch as he would not allow the other case to go to the Jury he would not allow this. Starkey said, ' Malice in the common acceptation of the term means ill-will against a person;' but he never entertained any ill-will towards Mr. Rees, and never bad any occasion to do so, and but for a sense of public duty should never have made any reference to him whatever. Malice in ita legal sense meant ' a wrongful act done with intent without any legal justification or excuse.' He submitted that he had abundantly shown that he had no intention of doing anything in a wrong ful manner without legal justification or excuse. He absolutely believed every word he wrote to be true, and he considered m the exercise of his profession as a journalist it wa3 his duty in the interests of the public to make them known. Those who were placed in the position of public writers had a heavy responsibility thrown upon them, and they ought equally to be protected against false and malicious prosecutions; and he trusted. their Worships would not seek to im pose such a severe disability upon the Press of the colony as they would do, if for writing without malice what he believed to be true they com mitted him as a criminal to the Supreme Court. Mr. Boucaut on Monday made a great flourish of trumpets about having to come to the bowie-knife of America, the stiletto- of Spain, and the duello of Italy if this- were allowed; but the evil would be far greater if the Press was not allowed a greater measure of freedom. If there was one thing more than another which entitled England to the- proud position she held it was the absolute freedom allowed to the Press, and he maintained that a newspaper editor who wrote- of a man what he believed to be true, and. what he- could Bhow to be true, in the discharge of his duty towards the public interests, was entitled to protection lather tbia, a malicious aud false prosecution. In justice to Mr. Buik he wished to state- that when he alluded to his having; publicly expressed an opinion that he should have been, committed for trial, he did not mean to impute- the possibility of any injustice on his part, bat. he thought under the circumstances he had better object to his sitting on tW Bench. . Mr. Buik said what ha stated was simply that he did not think ft was a- fit subject for a public journal to take up a maQ*» private character. He was not aware that be had said Mr. Ward ehould haw been committed for trial, though he might lava done so, bufe it certainly would not have; influenced hha in any possible way. Mr. Ward thaa ealted Hermann Albera, billiaid saloea proprietor, who said— I have frequently seen Mr. Rees gambling in the Globe Hotel billiard-KWB. Have seen the gentleman referred i» as m articled clerk gambling with Mr. Rees. tt» game was that called ^hazard.' (Here the witness explained the nature of tb,d came.) 1 have seen plaiatiff playing threo or four different times, but cannot fcx the date. It might be six or eight 'month/, ago. Some times Mr. Rees played as late as betwe*a \ mi 3 o'dock a.m. Jtt-X am told that $* statement *'he* is neither pious nor temperate' referred to Mr. Rees I should say it was true. By Mr.- Boucaut— The articled apprentice referred to is often in at my place without Mr. Rees and of tener. I have seen Mr. Roes piar* ing in my saloon. I don't know the exact meaa« ing of the word ' temperate.' ?The,PQlice Magistrate— Bo you kaow th* meaning of 'piou*' .:Witness--jNo,Idonoi (Laughter.) By Mr. Boucaut— I have seen plaintiff playing hazard' with the young man at a higher stako than. 13s. I will not swear that it was- within 19 months. * 'Solomon Aarons, clerk at the Globe Hotel, said— I have seen Mr. Rees gambling on two occa sions, and once played hazard with him myself, A person can lose h. ot JG40 on one main, when Mr. Rees, on the oooasion spokea-of^ took the bank at hazard he. bet with the two othor players. At the game we were playing a persoa could not lose less than 10s. I have gambled with Mr. Rees since the time he- sayr he hvt taken the pledge. I have seen Mr. Rees drink, but not beyond a glass of sherry. By Mr. Boucaut— I have been in the employ of Mr. Trew of the Globe Hotel since Sep tember 30. * At the time I commenced playing with Mr. Rees it was 1 in the morning, and h» was staying in the house. Coleman- and Flemming were not present. I know Coloman, but cannot say. whether he is a bettingrman* Saw him on the night of the Hunt Club meeting. I believe he was not in the room when V wa» gambling with Mr. Rees. It was in October that I played with plaintiff. Mr. Rees left at 3 a.m., and I have not playad with him sinbe* I have had no conversation with Mr. Ward about this case nor with his' friends. X don't know that he ha3 any. (Laughter,) 1 faw Mr. Reos drinking a glass of soda and sherry yesterday at the Globe. I took it ! is myself from the bar. Mr. Trew was there. The bell rang and the order was given for soda, and sherry, and a glass of ale, I believe. I think Mr. Rees drank it. He took it in his hand. I should think he would not throw it away, (Laughter.) I think Mr. Trew had the beerv I put the sherry in a big glass and poured tho- soda into it. Never saw Mr. Reea drink sherry before.- Have seen him take soda or lemonade* At the game of hazard mentioned there wera present Mr. Albers and Mr. George Aldridge (from whom Mr. Rees borrowed money to plajF with). (Laughter.) Cannot remember who th* others were. Charles Josiah Lawrence, Keeper of H.M.1 Gaol, deposed— I saw Mr. Rees at the Buck's Head Hotel playing cards, I think, for £5, for some number of games. (Mr. Boucaut—' Hor rible in the extreme !') The game was oribbage. Mr. Rees was excited a little, but I can't say that it wa» from drink. It is nearly twelve* months ago. I was asked, but declined to-bV stakeholder. The game was played in a public room downstairs. Mr. Trew, landlord of the Globe Hotel, called) by Mr. Boucaut said— I asked Mr. Roes to have a drink. He had something with soda water. I don't know what it was. I think it was raspberry or peppermint. I think . Mr. Aarons handed me Mr. Rees's drink, and I changed them. By Mr. Ward — I am quite certain thafr Mr. Rees did not have anything intoxi cating. It might have been sherry, but I did: not see it drawn. I have seen plaintiff gambling. Saw him very close to having his nose pulled la a public-house over a gambling affair. Rowland Rees, plaintiff, said on the oooasio* referred to he ordered soda first, and then said, 'You can put a little raspberry in it' Mr. Trew had sherry.. I did not drink anyaherry on that occasion. What Mr. Aarons said was not true. The occasion when I played with him. . was just after the race meeting. Mr. Bouoaut said he- must ask for a - com mittal Ee must say that it was not right; under any circumstances for a public writer t» call up matters connected with private life of any man as Mr. Ward had done. Mr. Ward — I will first say something— — - '' The Police Magistrate— ioucansay what jdtt like, but it will be taken, down and used against you at your trial. Mr. Ward— I have written that which I? true, and I have proved it to be true here to-day. ; I knew all that I have said to be true. Mr, Raea has admitted it all, and I have proved th» gambling at least by other witnesses. I acted without any malice and under a sense of public duty. Mr. Rees never made any statement at ell to me on the occasion when he says he said I was a 'political bug.' 1 will reserve an/ further remarks for the Jury. Mr. Beddome — You are committed to take your trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court on the 13th of May next. The Police Magistrate bavin? waited a. short time, the Court rose,. and Mr. Ward remained. im custody. Several gentlemen present urged Mr. Ward.to apply for bail, and he- having intimated his wish, to do so, which waaanoouoced to Mr. Beddome, The Police Magistrate again took his seat on. the bench. Mr. Ward— My friends have advised, me to apply for bail, but I don't care much about it. I thought bail was compulsory in such a case. The Police Magistrate — You have never ap plied for it. Mr. Ward— What bail will you take,. Sir ?. The Police Magistrate— Yourself in £20, and two sureties in £10- each. Mr. Ward-— Oh I then I have much pleasure fa tendering it Mr. Ward was then admitted to bail,, and the Court rose. SuBSTHimoH for Natcibai, Grasses.— At « meeting of the Queensland Acclimatization Society, on the 28th ultimo, Mr. Bernaya read the following extraots from letters addressed to him. Baron Mueller writes:— ' Melbourna Botanic Gardens, February 3. The Mesem* bryanthemum edule is very much- like our native M. sequilaterale (so-called jDtgfrface), which withi» Queensland territory is known from the Condamine River, but likely occurs also in your southern coast tracts, both ob sand and salt ground. These two BpeciM, together with another South African close relative, M. acinaciforme, produce sweet, succulent, pulpj fruits, not tmHke figs in taste, though very un like them, in appearance. Indeed, thev are well known as Hottentot fkp, and I often hava relished tbem myself in saline desert tracts, or * on the sea beach. But only the inner pulpy/; - part ts edible, and even that is slightly saline^ As for forage, it is bard to say wh «fr. an animal may devour when driven to despe «^. tionby hunger, but cortainly these thick sal .tiah. leaves do act strike me as having muo'a, to. recommend them to horses, cattle, or s'na»p, though such creatures may bite them off i' a, want of anything else. I have also seen the aborigine*, eating the heated or baked leaves as a &©rt ot vegetable, to add to their animal diet ^ There* is certainly nothing deleterious ab «at thes» plants, and perhaps sheep would like at^&dmix-; ture of these herbs, like they gl uBy, devour, any real aaltbushes. Water melo^haye ais^ been disseminated in the South / ^incan deserts, to afford means of allaying bo /Uk, hunger and thirst of pastoial animals. I f jati the mesem» i ryanthemums most useful f' JP covering bar» unsightly patches under trer ^ as they reqaira* no moisture and keep down . *eed*. The grass question to which you refp ;r- is a large one, and will receive further atte'At»a in the supple ment, now under preparation, of my two lints for the ^ new vo'iuma of the Accli matization Society. P /sgardf ally yours, Jfard. von Mueller.' Mr. 'fternays anticipated that great light would b A thrown uooa a qoestiom second to none in ''jatereat and importance, bj Baron Mueller's promised work. Dr. J. D# Hooker, C.B., v^te:— 'Kew, November 3&— With regard to g^^ 8eeds suitable to districts where no nat* irai grasses grow, it is a hopelew task. Gran* jna are so very large an order, io- widely distr^Qt©d,antl ss varied, accommodating themselvf^ to most soils and situations, that when $ xqj have not succeeded in estabKihinig themsf j|VQ3 We can scarcely hope to establub themM 1 cannot indicate any grasses likely to) *-'* , your purpose. The next best thing I hav» d'jne, being to send you a aeleotion of various grass seed to experiment with. Such experi | inents require dose intelligent supervision and an outlay to ensure fair trial.— Tours, fee,, J. D. Hooker.'— The grass seed referred to had been carefully sown, and the Society oould hardly fail from the result to acquire information worth promulgating. S7J 