REPLY TO WESLEYAN NOS. 3 AND 4. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, JUSTICE. SIR,— The object of "Wesleyan” is now a little clearer than it was, but not sufficiently clear for many of our Methodist people. Allow me to compress “Wesleyan’s” logical scheme of Methodist Church go- vernment into a few sentences, so that those who seem to be impressed with the calmness of his reason ing, and the passages of Scripture' which he quotes, may definitely know whither they are being led. Bishops and elders, “ Wesleyan” states—and he quotes Paul to prove his position—must-be apt to .teach. Leaders and local preachers must be apt to teach, therefore leaders and local preachers are bishops and elders. Again, bishops and elders must administer the sacraments; class leaders and local preachers are bishops and elders; therefore class leaders and local preachers must administer the sacraments. With this style of reasoning we are bound togofurther. Bishops and elders must be apt to teach; Sabbath-schoolteachers must be apt to teach; therefore Sabbath-school teachers must be bishops and elders. And if so, Mr Editor, it is only because of “ priestly pretension” that they are not allowed to do so. Again, when schoolmasters gave religious instruction they could claim, because of their aptness in teaching religious truths, to be bishops and elders, and therefore, ought to administer the sacra ments. So also with every one who felt impressed to speak a word of religious instruction to his neighbor or friend. If “ Wesleyan” has no other proof than" what he has already advanced for leaders to assume the duties of ministers, his assumptions are not only preposterous but ridiculous. ; In the name of the leaders he says, “ I protest against any of their rights being withheld and usurped by others.” Let “ Wes leyan” count on his finger-ends the number of leaders who believe with' him, and if he can find ten,'let him protest in their name, but it is mere impudence to make such a protest in the name, of the thousands of class leaders in our Church who are loyal to the ■ principles of our church government, and who despise the assumptions of “ Wesleyan.” He also ventures another opinion about Wesley, and maintains that had ha lived class leaders would have been recognised as ministers, and he charges conference with making no progress since his day. Now Wesley distinctly defined the class leaders’ duties, and distinctly stated 'that in - this .matter no progress was to be expected. In 1771 Wesley wrote down his views about leaders’ duties, and as he frequently adopted the plan of ques tion-and - answer,, he followed- it on this- occasion. Q. 1. What authority has a single leader? He has authority to meet his class, to receive their contribu tions, and to visit the sick of his class. But have they not authority to restrain the assistant—viz., superintendent, if- they think he acts improperly? No more than any {member has. , Have they not authority (collectively) - to displace a particular leader?- No more than the door- keeper has. To place and displace leaders belongs to the assistant alone. I, Mr Editor, would ask “.Wesleyan” if con ference has not made some 'progress since Wesley’s time ?’ Q. 6. Have they nof authority to expel a par ticular member of the society ? No; the assistant only can do this. Have they nob authority to regu late the temporal and spiritual affairs of the society ? Neither the one nor the other. Temporal affairs be long to the stewards, spiritual to the assistant. “ In the Methodist discipline the wheels regularly stand thus:—The assistant, viz., superintendent, the preachers, the stewards, the leaders, the people.” He is here writing about some Dublin leaders, and as it is directly, applicable to “ Wesleyan,” I proceed with the quotation. “But here the leaders, who are the lowest wheel but one, were got quite out of their place. They were got at the top of all, above the stewards, the preachers, yea,- and above the assistant himself.” And.to totally disprove “ Wesleyan’s” opinion about the probable change in Mr Wesley’s views on this point, 1 copy a letter of Wes ley’s written in 1790, and not long before he died:— “ As long as I live the people shall have no share in choosing either stewards or -leaders - among the Methodists. Wo have not) and never had, any such custom. We are no republicans and never intend to be. • It would be better for those who are so minded to go quietly away. I have been uniform, both in doctrine and discipline, for above these fifty years, and it is a little too late for me to turn into anew path., now I lam grey headed.”—“ Smith’s History,” pp. 637-40. As “Wesleyan” knows, the superinten dent’s powers are nothing like so absolute as Wesley defined them, and his statements. against ; conference are again contrary to facts. ■ And I find also. Sir, that “ Wesleyan”- hos read all this in connection with these letters, for the quotations ; are from this part of Smith’s History..- What must we, therefore, think 'of a man who can thus misstate the case? And also when he quotes from Mosheim ho can con veniently put a few dots instead of a sentence, which tells directly against his theory.. It" may seem some what presumptuous on my part to dispute Mosheim’s opinion, l but as it is adopted by “ Wesleyan ” I do so most unhesitatingly, viz., that the . highest authority was vested in the people. I know; Sir, that-in ven turing this opinion it is against what' Wesleyan” speaks of as “the spirit of the »ge.” Tim true minister of Christ is not such, because of an up. poiutuient from the people, but because he is “ divinely moved by the Holy Ghost ”to the work. If the man is in connection with a Church, that Church has the command laid upon.it to separate, that man by prayer and fasting to the work to which he has been called; but whether they do it or not it does net invalidate the calk It is not in the people—it is not in tho clergy—it is direct from God; _ and in the higher matters connected with his work he is in no way responsible to the people but only to God. I know of an instance where a man was thus moved by the Holy Ghost, and he was surrounded by thousands of people; but there was no Church to ap point him, or to confirm his calk He worked among the people and he formed a Church, and it now atun.- hers many hundreds. Would such a one get his authority from the people? Is not every Church established in heathen lands formed by the missionary? Would the world ever be brought to Christ if the authority were vested in the people to Whom tho clergyman must; minister? The command of Christ was not. to the people, but to the apostles, to "'go unto all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature.” 'lt will, I suppose, be allowed that Christ is' the head of the Church, and that He appointed the apostles and evangelists, and that they gathered the Church about them and that the authority was not first in Christ, then in the people, and then in the elders and bishops. lam not; Mr Editor, a believer in apostolic succes sion, nor do I defend any “ priestly pretensions” on the part of the clergy. But, Sir, I believe that If it is right to leave the interests of shareholders in the hands of directors, it is right to trust the interests of a Church in the hands of ministers who have been ap. pointed not only by the call of God, but by the definite and expressed wish of the members of the Church to which they belong. Thus, Sir, it will be seen that from the fact of a divine call, and also from the expressed wish of the people, and as a matter of expediency, I believe that a distinct order of ministers is necessary, and that “ Wesleyan’s” plan of distribut ing this work is not in accordance with that spirit of the age" about which he so frequently writes. When this matter, of deputing to leaders and local preachers the duties and responsibilities of the ministry is the expressed wish of the people, it will be in accordance with “■ the spirit of the age” to listen to it, and if possible to fall in with it; but when it is only the cry of an ambitious agitator of his Church, the whole subject can-be, and on my part is hereby, dismissed from further consideration. ‘ r Wealeyan’’ evidently has not arrived at the subject more immediately before the Methodist public just now, viz., that of lay representation in conference. I would just add that I believe in the advisability of laymen being ad mitted into the Wesleyan Conference, but as “ Wes leyan” has said so little about it, I think that it is better to wait to read his views "before I write upon that subject.- 