One of England's greatest celebrities has lately passed away, and except in the ordinary obituary notices, we have not seen his great name more seriously in troduced. Statesman, orator, poet, nove- list, these are a few among Lord Lytton s securities for the remembrance of pos terity, as they are unquestionably fore most among his manifold claims upon1 the "attention, and, in a great measure, also upon th'd unstinted admiration of his contemporaries. But the catalogue is very far indeed from embracing within it all the motley roles assumed by this Protean actor. It by no means com prises within such comparatively re stricted limits the various intellectual fields which his daring and indefati gable ambition has . adventured., As a dramat ist, as an historian,, as air essaiist; as a critic, as a: biographer,: as a ; publicist! or political, pamphleteer, j, Lord :Lyttoh has won for himself no ordinary distinc tion. In one or two of the .capacities lie lias created for himself a , separate, and; we believe, a,n enduring reputation. It can scarcely fail, we conceive, to be pro foundly., interesting, . if not curiously instructive at this particular moment, to cast one glance, however, cursory or superficial at the records of his indus trious and energetic existence, and the phases of his conspicuous and. compre hensive ability, striving at least to catch some glimpses of the accurate self- anal) sis of his character discoverable in the instance of every writer through his most remarkable productions ; but in this instance, . yet more ieadily dis cernible through the sheer force of the diversity and variety o! Lord Lytton's actual achievements. There are several facts in regard to liis life that certainly do not demand any formal enumeration, facts familiar to every one acquainted with his name, (and who is not?) facts that by continue repetition in standard works, such as Burke's Peerage, and Dodd's Parliamentary Companion, have long ago become in a manner stereotyped. Besides which the outlines of his notable career have been already traced so pgun- ently in those biographical dictionaries oi living and defunct celebrities, which, have latterly multiplied so strangely upon our book shelves, that we could almost fancy the ghost of the original wincing from the,, certain apparition of the unavoidable date and the inexorable locality with a qualm as whimsical as that of M. de Penne, when at every petit souper or the dansant he anticipated the advent of the " inevitable sub-lieu- tenant." ; - Remembering, however, the loose par-; ticulars that have -already appeared, in one -sketchy memoir after another, illustrative of the' career, - the genius and the writings of Lord Lytton, the happiest' among purely complimentary effusions being the brief biographic essay prefixed to the cheap edition a of the collected novels and tales published in 1854 by the Messrs. Routledge. We would here endeavour to compact together With the strictest legard at once to accuracy and condensation, |all the more interesting I details requisite, for ai.brief and passing narrative. Lord Lytton was the third and youngest son of General William Earle Bulwer of Heydon Hall and Wooddalling .in the county of Norfolk, by his wife Elizabeth, nee Lytton, sole heiress and last descendant of the Lyttons of Knebworth in the county of Hertford. He was born, according to the unanimous testimony of his biographers, in 1805, His birthday appears to have dawned in what the old poets called ' the sweet o'the .year," if we may rely upon the accuracy ot his own exquisite commemoration It was the May when I was born. Soft moonlight through the casement streamed ; And still, as it were yestermorn, . ; ' -I dream the dream I dreamed. . i A ' dream ot love and fame: — aniinfarit ' vision of literary new born ambition. Yet a metrical fantasy like this, :isi>not oue jot less of an anachronism in its way than one of his own later heroes, Pisis- tratus. For it was not until some 17 summers afterwards, when in the midst of one of his vacation rambles as a pedes-: trian in the north of England, while he lay musing ohe.day upon the reed) banks of Lake Windermre, that he conceived : the delightful arid virginal idea of author- ' ship. The germs of that pleasant fanfeyi had, however, long before been planted and seduously nurtured by his revered and beloved mother, a woman eminently gifted, and in many respects very rarely accomplished. His intellectual obliga-: lions to her he has, indeed, himself emphatically acknowledged in hischarm- ing dedication to his mother, (in 1840) of the first uniform edition of his collected writings, hie has observed, in words of courtly gratitude, and pathetic1 tender-, ness— " From your graceful and Accom plished taste I early learned that affection which has exercised so large an iufluence over, the pursuits of my life.and you who were my firet guide, my earlest critic." Upon , this amiable mother exclusively had devolved the tuition of her three -sons -in their tenderest childhood. For it was daring the infancy of the youngest that the' gallant father expired ; a father, of whom it is among other particulars,; certainly very noteworthy that, : as Brigadier General, he was selected in L804 as one of' the four commanding officers to whom the Government en-i trusted the internal defence of England, at the period of the anticipated : descent upon its shores of the grand army under the Great Napoleon. The offspring of General Bulwer's union with the heiress of the Lyttons of Knebworth, consisted exclusively ot the three sons already im plied as the issue rather than distinctly specified. The eldest, William, suc ceeded to the paternal estates,! the second brother, Henry, secured fi>r himself a : wider reputation ' as a dip lomatist of th. first class of very rare ability, perfected : by over fo'.ty years' experience, at Madrid, Washington, Florence, Constantinople &c; &c.; It may be incidentally remarked that like his younger and more famous brother) he employed the pen otherwise than as guide at his dictation by the hands of his.: own jorem- writers. Among other works,: he has left, us " An Autum in Greece" a " Life of Byron" "The Mon archy of the middle classes" and "France social and literary." We find our subject so growing upon us and so replete with ane.cdotive interest, that' we are com pelled in deference to the inexorable laws of- space to postpone the completion of our remarks uutii next publication.' 