tJENERAL NEWS A fresh criminal information has been laid by Frederick 'Winch, the groom of the race horse Commodore, against Ignatius Feigl, the printer and publisher of the Herald newspaper. It is not generally known that the manu facture of cocoa, chocolate, and mustard has been going on for some time in the colony, and may now be classed amongst the more 8uccesBfnI of our local industries. Mr. James MatthewB informs the Oeelong Advertiser that, acting upon the advice of the phief inspector, the hon. the Chief Sec retary has recjnded the* proclamation making Geelong a clean district Captain Snee, of the Victorian local forces, has left Woolwich and entered -upon the long course at Shoebnryness. He is, it is believed, the only officer not in the Imperial forces who has been permitted to enjoy Hub privilege. The Adnertaer states that on Saturday evening the mail from Ballarat, Geelong, and the Western district, was landed at Queens cliff at ten minutes to seven, and delivered at the Geelong post office at twenty minntes past nine. Had there been a railway from Queenscliff to Geelong the maSs would have been in Ballarat on Saturday night Colonel Sir A. Clarke, whose knighthood is announced ia the English papers by the mail, is a cousin of Mr. Marcus Clarke, who has acquired some reputation as an author, but has not yet been made a knight There is time for it yet, however, and, to quote, Chrysos, we hear that the 'young man's mind is prepared.' The Committee of the Long-Woolled Sheep Association have issued their report for the year 1S72, with a list of prizes to be awarded at the annual show at Heiham, on Thursday, 2nd of October. 1S73. The namnhlnt. »l-m contains the names of officers, rules and regu lations, with instructions to judges, and the list of tpriies which were given at the last annual show at Hexham. It is a pity the association don't advertise, for nobody knows their movements. The Telegraph says the mail news is forty five days old, bnt the telegrams bring us, as it were, the transactions of the busy world qf yesterday, and th.e intelligent reader will appreciate the force of one consideration this contract provokes. The old news reaches us by aid of a national subsidy ; the fresh news is left to find its own way. Oar community is supposed by the powers ithat be to like its news stale, as George H. flid his oysters. Tuesday's Argus**?* ve have to reoord another ease of alleged fraud on the uart nf a bank official.. Mr. David Goodwin, a ledger-keeper in the Colonial -Bank, was yesterday given in charge by Air. Greenlaw, the manager, on a charge of falsifying the books under his control, and thereby defraud ing the bank of over £500. We learn that Mr. Goodwin has been over 12 years in tie service of the bank, and' has a wife and five children. He will be brought np at the Citv Police Court r As showing what attention to breeding and care ia getengup wool will do, we {Dulbo Dispatch) araw particular attention to the following prices fetched in a falling market at the March London sale, by Messrs. Atkin eon and Scan's wool :— A & D over Mndcee 3 at 3. 2idi 1 at 3. «4dV2 at 2. iOd, 3 at 2a94d,9«t2s9a,6»t2s 81d,3»t2s 8d, 7 ?«*'?,&** ^*H* 3 '* U *» ^at Is 74i The whole lot averaged over 2s £d .Per .lb. - Messrs. Atirinnnn - «»?] .Tia.,.. «.t. .commenced Efl uattmg a few yeare ego, yet host, they have reached the top n£ the tree almost,— indeed, tho only ones beating them at Hie Benes of sales above alluded tS, were this old crack breeders, Messrs. K P Baylcy ofHasrilaa,TB,BdE. K.Gia^fjig'Bitwda^y ?veiilpo, -mains 'die mseriae Herald, is *n raunixed*leaujig -in .thfe district* fiutW=aie wise. Already the land selectora— hona fide farmers— are looking np the provisions of the New Soul* Wales Land Act, and inquiring at tbe printing offices for forms of application. A very short time, we predict, will see all the available land token np between Echoes, and Deniliquin. Mr. James Smith has gone out of the magnetic wave line of btuinesa, »na has started operations as an 'inipirationiat.' The BaSarat Conner of Tuesday publishes the following telegram from Maryborough : — Tbe lectures by Mr James Smith, and his son of thirteen years, caused much excitement here to-day. Mr. Smith claims for himself and his son 'direct inspiration from the Father,' and bis mode of attacking the Christian religion occasioned great sensation. ' The elder Smith's lecture on 'Atonement' wa« afterwards attacked by a working miner named Gowdey, and some noise and confu sion ensued. Mr. James Bvani, of the Advertiser, presided at both lectures ; and about 600 people attended.' After this, not the magnetic wave, lot the deluge. 'I think I can see where it all will end Somewhere abont the Tarra Bend.' Greville used the words in tbe 'Dinkle Doodle Dum' song at the late pantomime, and we think with some reaion too when we are asked to swallow the following which we take from ths Harbinger 0/ Light— ''Mr P. i« now experi menting in a systematic manner, admitting only one or two visitors at a sitting. This is wise, if the one or two be not Bcoffers. There is success already, for ' a beautiful tenor ' has been beared in the air, a wssbhand basin, a leg of mutton, a bat, and an American clock, have been brought in by the ghosts. The mutton was dropped into a mining agent's hand, and the bat waa dropped on its owner's head, 'causing some trepidation.' The following is from the Warrnambool Standard : — Upwards of 1,700 shares in the Warrnambool Gas Company have now been subscribed, and 1,000 more are promised. The provisional committee have decided to defer closing the list till the 16th June, to give ample time for shareholders to subscribe, but after that date there will be no further delay. Formal intimation has been received that the Government have granted the site originally applied for, and the engineer is now proceeding rapidly with plans. Tenders for the buildings will shortly be called. After the 16th inst, a meeting of shareholders will be called, and directors will be formally ap pointed. 