? w . ){Owk JSMmfUTi),. -ni.: hiUll [OONTIKTTBD.^ 1 ; )'•><•:' I sft^ thii tidt in a spTtit af 4ifiretj)ect, nbr in » Spirit of religious hatred, I lay it down sihiply alogical phenomena^ and ahifetorical fact, Iknow. that liberal liiiiided Protestants <&ftjie; present day detest and &bhor; theactao! their forefathers, as much aa any right-minded.'man can detest and afohot persecution. I know V'ety well that if the histofy of that period •were toWre-written, and if these men— liberal minded Protestants of whom I spestk hadthe re-writing of it, that the blood wtfich-Btains its pages would not be •thete. But history is history, and fact is fact 1 . Some Englishmen using their right fttrd un&Oubfced; right -as Protestants have disagreed with other Englishmen on the question of religion, and at once they were subjected 1 to the most terrible persecution; ^h^se Wew DisBenfcecs or Nonconfofrtiists-of thS -lfetli and 17th centuries, theyflefl ffrbfai >the jjerBecation which they Were nbt &ble; to stand in England, they 1 fled 1 froiftthfe demon of religious persecution and bloodshed, they sought refuge ift Atterifcaj in order that they might thete ih a new countiy practise and exercise theit own religion and opinion's in peace, and no longer hare to suffer foi- them. No man denies that they were right, thkt (they had reason, BUripoSmg the trtith of the principle upon vmtih they • stood—not to acknowledge any supreme powet tipon earth to which all men Shefild bow *lown in obedience in matter? of tte!%ion. But here again is the strange fact that no sooner were these men landed in America, io : Sot>n6r had they taken possession Of that part Of 6He country which is called the New England States, than the first thing ttiey did "was to make laws to penefetHfe every one that disagreed •witfi-them (laughter). TheTe was to be no nierfcy for the Quaker (laughter). I #ill read some of their most prominent law* for yOu about Quakers. Listen to this—"It is ordered that whosoever shall henceforth-bring or Cause to be brought directly of indirectly into the • colonies any known Quaker (laughter), or any other blasphemous heretic (laughter)— after the Quakers iJ fchemselvee it was any onte who should bring them in—every such person should forfeit the sum of £100 to the country, and he s"hall be committed to prison, there to remain until the penalty be satisfied, and if any person within this jurisdiction shall entertain or conceal any such Quaker (laughter), and that the Quaker be caught (laughter), every such male Quaker shall for the first offence have one of his ears cut off, and he shall be kept at work in the House of Correction until he can be sent away at his own charge. And if he go b&ck; agaiji, for the second offence he shall have the -other ear cut off " (laughter). Like the fellow in Galway that was eating the goose, he first took off one wing and leg on one side, then said he, "It is a pity to leave it out of proportion, I may as well eat "the other side" (laughter). "Every woman Quaker that shall presume : to come into this jurisdiction shall be severely whipped, and that every Quaker, he or she, that shall a third time herein offend, they shall have their ' tongues bored through with a hot iron." These are the blue laws of Connecticut. 'What do you think now about Catholics 1 The game laws that were there instituted, were very severe. They declared that it : was not lawful for any man, under forfeit or penalty, to shoot game of any kind. But it was lawful for any man, wherever he found a' priest to shoot him at once. Their treatment of the Indian. It was. ordered that it should not be lawful for! any main to fire a gun at any kind of game unless it be at a wolf or an Indian., They were strict men in their way (laughter). Hera are more of their laws for you. I will show you in what spirit they were:— "The court taking notice of the great abuse committed by persons profaning the Sabbath •or Lord's Day, ordain that if any one do any unnecessary servile Work 'or unnecessary travelling or sports, or recreation"—for example, if a man play a game of ball, or take a walk—" he or they that do so transgress shall forfeit for every such default the sum of 40s., or be publicly whipped; further, if it clearly appears that this sin was proudly, pre-; sumptuously, and with a.high hand, committed against the known command and authority of the blessed God, such person shall be put to death, or punished at the discretion of the court." If a couple of yoking men went out to say their praVbrs. until they were black in the face (laughter) and to go into church and hear the Puritans " hutmniilg and bumming overtheir.heads," and if after that thoywentout to havp a game of cricket or take a walk,, and that they were asked why they did.it and one of them were to <say thftt they were tiredof. all they had WK-KOI he". death/ sNow/iieierBee sfora'ofSfoir No one shallarum on the Sfcbbtttjiday! or walkinfhisg^taHOff»l»p*«fe(lw«h L iriaf shaUotravelj mSW foeds; srfeep /ttotisflj cut. Jtfuir, *>r starve oh 'the Sabbath sdayL?' ffihy, ,f>n that day, 1 of all pfheia? a man .Would like to apipear clean And decent (nJaifeof daughter). '' No woman *haH Jasg her -ehildon the Sabbath or fasting day" (lighter). These States were yoking colonies, under the proftkstion of British law as British colonies. The Catholic religion, persecuted at home—both in England and Ireland—was persecuted still more terribly in America^ "We read for instance, that in the year <1700 the English Soldiers, who then held New York, received a commission, and on that commission they massacred Sebastian Raeles, .and his colleagues were scattered and had to fly the country. The same legislation: held throughout; the States were then British Colonies. The very last act of England in 1778, which was a memorable year— the American revolution was. then in full swing. At that time America was up in arms. They said "No more'tyranny; we must have oar own land for ourselves " (tremendous and prolonged cheering). The English soldiers ih 1778 weife obliged to make a speedy and inglorious retreat from New Fork. The spot.is still pointed out at -a place called the Battery, they hung a British flag to the top of a flag staff, and they greased the pole for fear any one should climb up to pulliit down, But there was a little American lad so strong in his knees that he was able to climb the pole, though it was greased, and to pull it down before their ship -was out of sight. (Laughter.) Their last act was to take a Catholic priest, the Abbe De La Motte — a Frenchman—and throw him into prison, because he was guilty of the atrocious crime of singing Mass. Well, my friends, as it was in the Eastern States, so it was further ..south. The State of Virginia Was colonised and was the stronghold of the Church of England, as distinguished from the Dissenters or Non-Conformists. There was a society called the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, and . they were so anxious for the propagation of the Gospel that the first thing they did was that if they found a Catholic priest they thought they would do a holy and wholesome thing for God to put -him into prison or put him to death. Wiell, then were some Catholics, English and Irish, in that city. : They, were there in titoe year 1634, and amongst them there Was a noble English family, the head of which was Lord Baltimore, with an Irish title derived, 1 thJ»k, from your own county. This man finding his people persecuted, said : " I will not Btay here to be persecuted by thefee vagabonds; there are thousands of miles of territory elsewhere, so in the dame of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, let us go somewhere else." That year Lord Baltimore landed on the shores of the Potomac, in Maryland, and established the only Catholic city in America. Land was purchased from the natives by Lord Baltimore, from whom the. city derives; its name. They made their own Jaws and constitution, and now for the honour of the holy Catholic Church I say that the very first law that Lord Baltimore and HIB fellow-colonists made was :—"In this city of Maryland no man shall ever be persecuted for his religion" (cheers). ;And how was this constitution accepted and received ? -Oh, my friends, it is worthy ' of your earnest attention. We are told, on the authority of; Mr. Bancroft, the .great American his- torian, that as soon as this, new principle of religious toleration was declared, t|he people were astonished to hear it. They came there, from all j the r countries of Europe, and from every colony. of America, that they might breathe tlie air of religious freedom (applause). These are the words of the historian :—" Emigrants arrived from every clime—(mind he is a Protestant who speaks)—and the Colonial Legislature extended its sympathies to many natives as Well as to many sects. From France came Huguenots—(Protestants who were persecuted for their religion)—from Germany, from Holland, from Sweden, from Ireland, the children of misfortune sought protection under the tolerant sceptre of the Roman Catholic. Bohemia itself, the country of Jerome and of HUBS, sent forth its sons, who at once were made citizens of Maryland, with equal franchises." The Quaker who wanted to keepjhis ears, and who did not like the application , of a red-hot iron to his tongue,. came to Maryland, and under the flag of religious freedom he found peace and immunity (applause). Many Protestants were sheltered against Protestant intolerance in the Roman Catholic colony of Maryland. Now recollect what I am going to tell you. They came in, they wjere heartily welcome, they multiplied—small blame ftp them, they wanted: to keep their ears—and in a few..years they got numeff^us,. We; have the evidence of ike great j^oteflt∋ historian, Bancroft, tliat they applied'for blood boil when I re: ^'Poj-i^^e^Qasi en^ofcj ffljfmptyiHW; was; npv. fa ,,bf}; s flriHM Agpibympp .of ..CmJ»j$ujy. was solicito Jfficur® , esjahliphmejifc. qf Gpurch^the preci<>^..ct)(nefcpi £iadatpne . puUe^f /io.wp) 4 " J ' alretu fipt, . . .. any Protestant ladies and gentleinen : her^ to- night, to yon, I jaddress jvliy were they not satisfied with eqjiality (applause) ? If they had ljie trut^L, .w'tiat does tfre trutli ask bi^t a fair fielfl. and no favour (applause) ? . "tThe prelates demanded not freedom bat - privilege, an esUblislupept io be maintainpd a^; the common e^>ense of tlie p^tholic jirovincie. The .English Ministry soon issued an order that offices of Goyernnieht in Maryland should bp entrusted exclusively to Protestants, Roman Catholics were disfranchised in the province . whicli they had planted" (groans). .It,is unnecessary I should dwell upon tliis thing to create bad feeling. I am, ashamed. of it, and so is every right-minded Protestant in the world. ;Meantime, how faj^ed it with the Catholics f The Catholics, njy friends,, were few in tjie land—few and far between—here and there. JFive or six Highlandmen from Scotland,; pf the old class that kept the ancient Faith,, the Iriish family driven by persecution, or by flome strange impulse, or by some adventurous spipt, or tired , with fighting in a hopejess cause, would go to America, , and bringing, their Catholic Faith witli ,them, wouldremainin the wild woods and forests hewing t"^e primeval trees, ploughing ^he virgin soil, hunting the elk, destroying the -wild beasts, making a little .civilisation ; but sighing , ui vain for the sign of tlie Cross, or for the visit of the Priest. (Applause.) The .poor Catholic baptised. his own children^ assembled them at night to say the Rosary, taugit them, when he might, their ; Catechism, l>ut, beyond- this, there was no aid whatever, no help whatever from that religion which he knew ancftelieved to be the only true Revelation of <rb.a, and , with , which he believed aU.his hopes for time and eternity, were bound. {Applause.) And, occasionally, a fepariish ,priest, from Sopth America, from the Southerp States, might venture into the nortjhern wilds and forests. Occasionally the poor Ijrish emigrant, the poor Irish Catholic, might see. at early morning a little panoe coming down along th6 solitary stream, and as he strained Mb eyes for a time, he might see upon the very top of the mast of the frail boat something like the sign of the Cross—some French Jesuit or some Dominican priest, committing his life add his all, going doWn the Ohio, the Missouri, or theMissiSsippi in search of souls. (Loud applause.) Then great was the joy when the man of God arrived, and when, perhaps for the first time for twenty years, the Catholic, with his children around him, was able.tq kneel down at the BLoly Sacrifice and adpte his God. _ (Applause.) I need not tell you that ,in the year 1775 the American revolution broke out. The British Soldiers were defeated, the flag of England disappeared from off the ports and cities, whilst aU America and the world beheld fof the first time that which I, for ohq, honour and revere—the glorious " Stars and ,(Stripes.", (Prolonged applause.) You will not be surprised to heat that when tliip glorious event was accomplished, in the process of which the blood of Irishmen was shed freely, that the immortal George Washington well indeed and proudly avowed that the strongest force at his right arm was the patriotism and courage of the Irishman (loud applauBe). Yet, in that day there was not a single priest in the whole State or City of New York. The first priest that settled in the city of New .York was Father Francis WHelan, an Irish Franciscan, who came there kin 1785, and his congregation amounted at that time to about two hundred Catholics in the city. Farther on, in the year 1808/ there was only one bishop and One diocese in the whole of the United States of America—that was the Bishop of Baltimore. It seems to us as it were a thing of yesterday—our idea of antiquity carrying us back to the Middle Ages. And ih America, they consider themselves old wheii we in Ireland arp what we call robust; men. I knew myself that I was not a bad-looking man, but I was called the pld gentleman frequently (laughter). I do; not mean old Harry or.old Nick, you know,' but the. old gentleman Xrene wed laughter). In 180$ Vfhere. was only one Bishop in America, aad in 1815—tne.bther day you may say, pur - fath ers remember it—the consecrated Tiy'Bishop Cheverpux of ^Boston.; pr. Connolly was appointed ^Bish?? 9l New York in 1822. ^HpjyAtti hgftt pay Jiave some recollecffltftf^ytfc: year there Were jaiay^htpj^^.ili.tne whole Diocese of "New Tort'. "Do you know what the Dio- meantthe^w&ole;^f N ^ f ! t only .^re that i ™ ^ ® ^ at Spanish fnarshadf^edtt^opfe 8 societies, teu^t ^ now, said !ft Vjc^d'beifettUV Governme^. ;. fejdid so; and Jnl out ^ .Eng^d aild Afegridi to com^!? delivertlgfeotn^e M ^ S ' g their cpuiitiT from it. ' ttiat wiwp^&Califoifea.; ^ J ' ' '\tP,bicoUiifuefiFy 