CA'PTAI? OF TII NORTHFLEET.-The London cor respondent of the Birmingham Yeses supplies the fol lowing incident connected with Captain Oates and Captain Knowles:-" For more than seven years, Captain Oates has, ha tells me, been fretting and fuming in the toils which the Tichborno case cast around him, as being an important witness against the claimant. Captain Oates is the only man living who saw Roger Tichborne safe on board the Bolls, at Rio, bound to Now York, and he was subpoenaed by the counsel for the young hoeir as soon as the claim of the popularity esteemed Sir Roger was put in. When the Northfileet was ready for sea Captain Oates secretly feared detention, but as he had already made a deposi tion, which was in the hands of the leading counsel for the prosecution, he put a bold face on matters and went on with Ihis preparations for the voyage as if no subpwana were hanging over his head. When the lawyers heard that the Northfleet was about to sail they intimated to Captain Oates that Ihe was 'wanted' in April, and must not sail under heavy penalties. 'Fine me £200 or £800 if you like,' said Captain Oates, ' but I must sail in the Northfieet on Saturday next.' ' No,' said Mr. Hawkins, 'we must have your body in Court, and if you attempt to sail you will be arrested.' The Northfieet was to have sailed on Saturday, the 11th instant, and only on the previous Friday Captain Oates, from information re ceived in the shape of sundry formidable instructions of the law, said it wee impossible for him to sail. After a hasty consultation with his brother owners (Captain Oates had a share in the ship), it was decided to give the command to Captain Knowles, who had sailed with Captain Oates for five years, and of whom a very high opinion was held. All the personal effects of Captain Oates and Mrs. Oates were at the time on board the vessel, and were hastily removed to give place to those of the new captain and his bride. Mr. Knowles had been engaged for saome time to be married, but said he would wait till he got a command. The wait ing was so long that about Christmas he determined to tarry no longer, and here with wonderful good luck, as it appeared to the poor fellow, a com mand tumbled into his hands when he had been married only a few weeks. He and Mrs. Knowles gave up the apartments which they had just taken and furnished, and on Wednesday week Krs. Knowleo joined the ship at Gravesend, taking up her residence in the superior cabins which Captain Oates had speci ally fitted up for himself and his wife. The rest of the story the world knows; but there are some curious incidents connected with it which Captain Oetes has communicated to me, and which have not yet been published. About seven years ago, Mr. Knowles being then chief officer, an immigrant ship outward-bound from London was lying in the Downs, when his ship was run into by a steamer and cut down to the water's edge. Fortunately, assistance was at hand, and she was towed back safely to London, and there under went repairs. What adds greatly to the remarkable character of the coincidence is that George Brock, the pilot in charge ofthe Northfleet at the time of her being run down, was also in charge of the other immigrant ship of which the hapless captain was chief mate." A remarkable case of wrong burial was recently re perted in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mre. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander-street, in that city, had been in tihe Union Hospital, and on January 26 a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, be pro reeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in that city, a member of which he was, and havintg produced the necessary certificate of death, lie re ceived £3 10a., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the undertaker'e, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbouro assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were solemnly interred, Kenn's grief being so great that ihe could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night rturned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted and in walked firs. Johln Keane, and, delighted at again b ing re stored to her homne, ho rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstnecy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hramlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say it she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not under stand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Kcano's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all tlhe story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane enreamed with laughter at the woke and funeral. Keano immediately pro ceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a lira. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of aJohn Keane residing in Peter-street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St. Patrick so cioty was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. 