Telegrams from tbo Brisbane Journals. maryborough. : -i; " ircdrterday.— A saloon passenger- by , tlio Lady Boweii, named Hodgson, jum|>ed overboard when tho steamer was coining up tho rivor . to-day. A hnnt wns lowered, but tho unfortunnte' man .was not recovered. \- SYDNEY. Monday. — The branch mall steamer Rangatira nrrivml nt Aftnlniilri tldn mnrninr. Tlin It. M.S. Smontra arrived at King George's Sound' on' tho 1st instant, and left again for Melbourne tbo following day. Her passengers for Sydney nro as follows:— Mr. and Mrs. Montcfioro, Mr. and Mrs. Walker, Messrs. Hunt, White, Duncary, Blow, Uarwood, Onrr, J. Carr, Chnpmon, Mbcattn. Cnn- tously, Maguey, Moore, Cavcuagh, Sliule, Mnllan, Monatrnn, Arrnkillno. Major Crawford,. who .was nlsojv passenger, died during the patsngo. Tho English shipments to Austndin'for the Inst month show a docronfo, The. deenmse to Queensland amounts to £20,000. Indisn telecrains teport the deaths, during tho last mouth, of Baron Osslnglon, late. Speaker of the House of Commons ; Mr. - Charles Knight, publisher ami author ; and tho 4 Hon. Mr. Corry.' Mr. Irving, tho Colonial Secre- tary ui uoyion, hua uccn nppinmcu vinvernor oi thu Leowurd Islaud, iu succession to Sir Benjamin Fine. Mr. Birch succeed Mr. Irving as Culbhlnl Secretary. Tlie Priuccs Philip and Augustus of Cob org havo bean travelling in Java and tho Strait Settlement. Tho .Kxcculivo hnvn.finullv decided not to reprievu M'Crow. The war schooler Alnerity hns been ordcrud to Fiji immedliitolv. IPediiMrfny. — The overland Une is Htill inter rupted near 'Yam Creek, Tho 'Assembly havo shelved thu Superannuation Repcnl Bill by. a count- out. To-day's, wool sales ..wero brisker. Tho Isla and Walcrton sheep stations wero sold - by auction to-day nt 10s. per head; ThoWeribono cnttlo station realised £1 5s. per head, and tbo ' Noorondoo station £4 10. \- . snU.UOUIINE. . . " " Monday.— A broker named Kubat was arrested last night on tho charge of having committed forgeries to tlio extent uf over £100,000. " london. . April 5. — Further particulars relative1 to" fho wreck of tbo United. Slates mail stcsimnr Atlantic, which left Liverpool on tho 20lh. March - fi«r' New York, and which want- Mlrmjdcd near Halifax; on tlio coast of Nova Scotia, reduce the li>'3 . lofiflO ' lives, iuuluding 350 women and childrua. > Tho Atlnntio wn a vessel of 3707 tons, nonimandpd by Captain Qlcddell. Sho was onu of tbe finest nnd best appointed ship of the White Star Ih.e. The French National Assembly havo. elected M. Buffcl ns Prosidont. 'J'liu Australian Tariff Bill has been read a second time id the Ilouso of Cum- mons. Miss Arabella Goddard, the pianist, has left en route (or Anstralin. Sir .Intne Fcrgmson, tho new Governor of Now Zealand, leaves , by tho April mail. - April 7.— The rovenuo for 1873, ris dlsctosod by tlio finnnrial statement of tbo Cluineellbr.of tho Exclirqnor, amount to £70,508,000, nnd lho ex- pemiitnra to £70J'H,000I ThecRtimfitcd rcvemm lor 1874 is £7im5'.8,000,- nnd tho oxpendituro £71,708,000. (Jut of tho surplus it is nroporuil to pay half In satisfaction of tho award of tho Ahihnron ehtims; the other half will bo devoted to the reduction of Exchequer bills, tho duties on sugar will- hu reduced ono half, nnd ' the Income- tax reduced Id. Tho Mnrtabnn hns arrived from Brisbane. "April 8.-— Thu exports of Great Britain for tlio moulh'of March, amounted to £21,30-1,000, and tho imports to £29,708,000. Tho exports of coal fur tho qunrle'r nmountcd to 21,200,000 tons. 'The Russian l'rcss demands the porumueut acquisillvu of tho Khivan territory. Tin: following tnlo of horror 1b told by aeon tribntor to tbo jt'Wd Bay News-.— ' A short .thno back a geiitlonmn and his family became the occu pants of a house not 100 miles from, tho Syduey Hotel. They lyid jnt got settled In their new residence when they became pniufullypware of tho' fact that, 'something' wtisln tho habit. of moving about tho different rooms during the' night. At first they pooh-poohed, but nigbt after night enmo tho- same mysterious sounds. Matters became serious— no sleep— members of tbo family did not like boiug left by .themselves; neighbors wero called In, . consultations held, but to 00 effect. Without doubt tho houso was haunted ; so in sheer desperation tho family removed to another rosidenco that had not Mich n ghoblly reputation. Shortly after this, tho houo was again tenanted— this timo by a famply who bad no fear of ghosts. However, ghost or no phot,. about 12 o'clock raoh nightta something was heard moving about; roomy thnt wero lockcd over night wero found open in tlio. morning ; nrticlea wero disarranged in the pantry, See., till nt last. lights wore left burniug nil night. This npponred to penro the visitor from hi or her nocturnal viri'n. I had. hoard a good deal about this haunted house, but only laughed at it. How. over, tho other cvoning I wns silting in my vcrnri- , dah, quietly enjoying my fayorito mcorshaum charged with somo of Jotinson'a best cut up, tho soothing effects of which had almost put mo in a duz'a, when suddenly n piercing shriok rout this air— ono of thoso shrieks thnt makes a mno jump again, viz., the cry of a woman in distress. I 7 dusked my jiipo to the ground, nnd was over tho garden fenco in a second ; all tlio neighbor' with countenances blanched with' terror, wero rushing to the Rnmo spot— viz,, tho haunted houso. I soon outstripped tlio'othnrH, rushed through tho garden, and dusned opon tho door, whon, Oh horror! in & corner of tho room stood a lady, a fair representative of fair, fat, ami forty,' with back to tho wall, and in a state of hors de com&at;, la herupliftcd hand sho clutched a mother-of-pearl paper knife. On top of tlio .table stood a fair yuung creature in tho greatest agitation, hui garments closely tucked rouud her,-' quite regardless that a' very neat pair of ankles were viHible ; un tho floor at full length, in a position much more conducive to caso than elcguncc, laid another fair young creature in a fit of hysterics; nnd hosido her toc»d a young man, polo as a sheet, and terror depicted in his countenance. I took all this in nt a glance, and in an adjoining apartment I could hear tho thud of blows from somo hoavy instrument. Intermingled - with hajfsmotbered cries, as if soma ruffian was murdering a- female and trying to stifle her crios. With a viotonfc effort 1 putdiod open the door ; there was a long stream of blood lending into an Inner room, and a noise like somo heavy body being dragged across tho room. Just as I reached. tho door it sinmmod in my face, tho blows nnd cries still continuing;- Oh, If oavons I the door will not yield ; he'll murder her before I can get to her assistance. Hor cries get fainter— she must be dying. Frantic, with excitement, I throw myself against tho door, it begins to give way— nt last it yields. I braco my self up to dash tho murderous nssarrin to tho ground. With one bound I'm in tbo middleof tho room, when what a night meetB my transfixed gaze? In a corner of tho room thero laid, with blood-bcsmcnrcd countenance, nn unfortunate raf, with its tail fast botween the teeth of a trap, which' it had been dragging from ono room to auotber in vain attempts to rcuch its bote." A Clever Trick. — Tho following trick is waid to linvo boon played upon a couple of Goncva trndesmon the other day by, a manof gentlemanly appearance. Ho entered a confectioner's shop and ordered 83 small pasties. Ho then went iuto a ready-made clothes establishment ond chose on overall, prico 75 francs, asking for a voung man to accompany bin. to hi hotol,"wheo ho would pay him. Tho overall was packed up and the young, man followed tho strauger. On passing the con- fcctioncr's tho latter opened tbs door and said : "Givo hi to 75, not 83;" then, addressing tho young man, lio said " Oivo mo the parcel ; you have no need to como any further; tho geotlomnu there will pay you tho inouey." The packet was given tip, the blrnnger disappeared, and tho young man and tho confectioner were left to discover that they had been duped. Govkrnes-h to pupil : ' Whero does tea como from r Nutigbty little boy : 4 Out of tho teapot. 