TI-IE PERILS OB BRITISH SEAMEN. The inombor for Derby has brought out his promisod book on our soaiuon, anil evidently ho has spared neither troublo nor exponso to givo forco to "his nppoal." Mr. Pliinsoll's narrative will shock and stnrtlo many peoplo, hut porhaps it is thoso who aro most familiar with his subject who will host appreciate tho valuo of his work. The strength of his caso lies in its simplicity. Ho proves by atnplo ovidonco aud forcible illustration tho dangers to which our socmen nro habitually oxposod ; ho brings now facts to light ; ho shows how it is thnt grievances so flagrant havo rcmainod so long unredressed ; ho suggoststho rotnodios that havo boon not merely approved but urged upon tho Government by tho chambers of commorco of many of our principal soaports. What wo rognrd as perhaps the most hopeful feature in his indictment is its personal cha racter. Ho does not doal vaguoly with tho scandals that aro known to exist in tho trade, biit ho says, Thcro are shipownors in a vory large way of business who havo soats in tho Houso of Commons. I can name thorn if necessary. It is these men — and they havo ono sort of reputation in official circlos at Westminster and a vory difforont ono in the ports of tho North — whose influonco.has boon paramount at the Board of Trade, and who havo acted as its unofficial advisors in matters of marine. Mr. Pliaisoll assures us that thoso men havo quailod alroady boforo tho throat of oxposure — a throat ho intends to carry out should thoy porsist iu defending tho abuses thoy thrive by. The documonts quoted aro photographs from originals ; ami photography has also boon ompioyed in nn elaborate scries of illus trations — copios of wreck charts, diagrams of tho sections of a ship's hull, and of tho pro cesses of building, lengthening, and repairing, which onable tho oyo to seizo at a glance much that would be but vaguoly convoyod by words alono. Mr. Plimsoll begins by mooting the obvious preliminary objection. If thoso ovils aro as crying ns you sny thoy nro, if ships nro often Bout to sea in conditions that invito disaster, why do tho underwriters, who aro so deeply interested, do nothing to protect thom- solvos from unfair and illegitimate risks ? Tho answer, is twofold. In tho first placo, tho sums insured for nro dividod among a con siderable number of individuals ; and tho intorost of each individual is so sninll that it is not worth his wliilo to undertake costly logal proceedings. In tho second placo — and this is tho moro weighty consideration — an underwriter hardly dro provoko a suspicion that ho iB bnckward in settling his clniins. Competition boing oxcossivo, it would fatally damage his connection. But as mattor of fact, it is common enough, wo aro assured, in sub scribing a policy of insurauco upon goods to be shipped from a cortrin port, in vossols un known, to oxcludo byname tho vessels boloug- ing to particular ownors of bad notoriety. Thero are owners, indood, who bocomo so dis credited as to be unable to placo thier ships with any respootablo or rosponsiblo under writers. Then thoy fall back upon mutual clubs, which Government tolorates, whoso members enter into a mutual guarantee. Tho main causes of preventable shipwrocks may be classed under tho threo heads of unsea worthiness, overloading, and undormanning. A roport of tho Board of Trado states that of tho 2000 casualties in the carrying trade which occurred in a singlo yoar, about one-half of the numbor "is represented by the unsea- worthy, overladen, or ill-found vessels of tho collier cIubs, chiefly omployod in tho coastiug trado. In the six years ending 18GS tho numbor is moro than half." It is very satisfactory, so far, to know that the groat body of shipowners aro highly respootablo men, who resist the strong toinptation to sacrifice the lives of thoir men to tho proGts of thoir trade. We should do Mr. Plimsoll injustice did we not advort to some of tho particular instances by which he supports his startling assertions. During the course of inquiries in the North, ho had heard everywhere of a particular shipowner, who might havo been called especially unfortunate had ho beon com pelled to limit his iusurancos. Mr. Plimsoll procured a list of tho casualties that had occurred in his fleet. Four ships had porished in 18G8, seven in 18G9 ; 105 lives woro known to havo beon lost, although in the caso of ono shipwrock thoro was no return. " I threntoned him to his faco that I would bring the matter before the IIouso of Commons. . . . This man has not lost a singlo seaman's life since." Overloading seems to have been the particular failing in thiB caso, and Mr. Plimsoll givos a black catalogue of other cases where men put out to sea knowing they wore doomed unless tho weathor should bo miraculously calm. We quote an instanco thnt camo under his personal observation : — Ho had gono to a port in the North, whero ho, mot a friend who guessed his probable errand. "You should havo beon hero yestorday," said this gentle man, " a vessel wont down the river so dooply loaded that every one who saw her expects to - hoar of hor having boon lost." Tho captain himself " had measured her side loaded and she was only 20 inches out of tho water." Tho men had boon throatened to compel thorn to sail, or bribed by oxtra wages. Tho police boat hnd lain by hor to tho Inst moment to prevent them deserting. At tho last moment two mon hailad the polico, saying thoy would rather bo taken to prison than sail. Tho polico rejoined that thoy could not intorfero. Tho vossel sailed, and the mon wore nevor heard of again. It is to bo- remarkod that sailors who havo onco signed articles have no moans of withdrawing from their ugreomont, although their ships should bo laden down to tho water's edge. Evidence of tho broach of contract compels the magistrate to condemn them to prison, and things mu9t be bad indeed before soamoii will risk boing stigmatised nmong thoir mates as cowards. With regard to seaworthiness, it is notorious of courso that coasting craft are patcliod up again and again till thoy merely lmug together by favour of fair weathor ; that soa-going Yossols which havo fallon from clues to class, and should long boforo havo boon condemned) aro sont ou voyagos in tho timber trado aoross tho Atlantic ; where thoy founder in onorrnous proportion. Mr. Plimsoll shows, too, how shipbuilding is often " scamped " iu tho first instance, generally with the connivance of tho purchasor, who must know ho cannot have a first-class articlo for tho prico ho pays — occa sionally, porhaps, without his knowledge. Wo rofor our roadei's to a diagram whioh shows how"dovils" aro substituted for knoe-bolts, and what tho cousequouoos aro. A knee-bolt is tho bolt that rivets together the various coatings of tho ship's side-frame, planking, and plating — and givos tho hull its atrougth of rosistnnco. A dovil is a sham bolt ; either it is a moro head and shoor deception, or olso the honda alono aro of coppor, whilo tho transvorso- bar is of iron. Coppor will stand anything, aud outlast tho fabric it fastons. Iron, on tho contrary, is liable to rust and corrodo. In sugar ships, tho sugar fermenting with tho bilgo-wator produces chemical action which very quickly reducos tho iron to something of tho consistency of black load. Mr. Plimsoll has handled such bolts which crumbled to piocos in his fingers ; and thus a ship, to all appoarauco sound, may in reality bo tumbling to piocos. Ouo owner in tho West India trade lost ton ships out of a floot of twonty-one in tho courso of threo years. Scarcely loss dangerous are tho practicos of building vessels of longth immoderately disproportionod to thoir beam, with a view to increasing thoir carrying capacity, and of longthouiug old onos by cutting them in tho middlo. Mr. Plimsoll instancos a firm who consulted a naval architoct as to longthening a vossel. They took ex ception to tho specification of tho nocossary work as being, too costly. Thoy contontod thomselvos with doing half what was recom mended, and tho. architoct told Mr. Plimsoll that vory bad wonthor must infallibly break that ship, whilo if she struck ou a rock sho would go to piocos like earthenware. If these stories aro truo — and Mr. Plimsoll declaros himsolf ready to prove them — his caso is estab lished. Nothing short of rogular inspection Mr. Plimsoll — with so many of tho Chambers of Commerce — suggests can givo assurance that a vossel is seaworthy and not vamped up ; that tho hull of this now ship is secured with knoo-bolts aud not with " dovils that that othor ouo has been lengthened with duo regard to safoty. Government accepts the principle of supervision already in tho case of passenger ships; it lays down the strictest laws of lading when it ships Government stores ; but when it is a moro quostion of tho lives of seamen it admits tho doctrines of froo trado in their tullest extent. — Abrulgoa irom J. au Malt Gazelle, Burying the Wrong Woman. — A remark able caso was rocoutly reportod in Waterford. For somo wooks past a Mrs. Koane, wife of a man namod John Koane, residing in Alexander-street, in that oity, had been iu the Union Hospital, and on Jnn. 2G a mes senger from tho union brought him intelligence of hor death. Ho immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of tho accuracy of tho roport, he proooedod to tho agont of tho St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a inombor of which ho was, and haviug produced the nocossary certificate of doath, he received £3 103., tho amountduo to him under tho rulos of the society. Ho noxt proceeded to the undertaker's, purchasod a coffin, and Bonding it up to tho workhouse, had the remains placod in it and convoyod to his own l'osidonoo. Tho usual wako was hold, whon all tho relativos of tho doceased with tho neighbours assembled, and the general im pression of nil who saw tho oorpso was that docoasod had (greatly changod sinco last thoy saw her. Tho remains woro followed by a host of sorrowing frionds to the graveyard, and wore solmniy interred, Keano's grief boing so groat that ho could not bo comforted. Tho gravo, howovor, was closod ovor tho remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Koano procoedod to work tho post day, and at night roturnod to his dosolato homo. Whilo sitting taking his lonoly Bupper that ovoning, the latch of tho door was lifted and in walked Mrs. John Koano, and, delighted nt agnin boing restored to her homo, sho rushed nt him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in tho wildest ecataoy began kissing him. Keano was at first horrified, and, liko Hamlet ad dressing tho ghost, besought of her to say if she was roally mortal. Mrs. Koatie could not understand poor Koane's conduct at firBt. Whon Keano's bowilderment began to cease I10 narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Koano screamed with laughter at the wako and funeral. Konue immediately pro cooded to the union, nnd thoro ascertained that a Mrs. Koane had really died in the house, but that she was tho wife of n John Koane residing in Petor-stroet. On hearing of the mattor tho ngent of tbo St. Patrick Society was furious, booause tho socond John Keano was not a member of tho society. Tho whole affair has croated tho groatest amusement in the oity. Multiplying by Five. — Figures are extra ordinary instrumentalities in the sorvico of mathematicians. With thorn they measure the dimensions of distant worlds moving swiftly in their orbits, nnd even calculate tho woiglit nnd density of a planet with a slate and pen cil. So accurate are thoso calculations that woro it possible to placo Jupiter in a pair of scales thoy would verify their statements. Th'c'ro is a simple matter in figures, viewed without reference' to laws, which an infidel admits, are unchangeable and eternal, but there is so much indicated, ono must be wilfully blind who does not see that figures in the ar rangements given to thorn bear witness to un erring truths and carry tho mind onwardly to the contemplation of the attributes of a divinity recognised in the physical construction of a universe. Any number of figures multiplied by five will give tho samo result if divided by two. But remember to add a cipher to the answer when thero is no remainder ; and when thero is, whatever it may be, annexe five to tho answer. Multiply 4G-1 by five, and tho answer will he 2320. Divido it by two, and thcro will ho 232. There boing no romainder, now add a cipher, and next 35G, nnd multiply by five, tho answer will bo 1785. By dividing tho first sum by two, there is 178 and a re mainder. Place a five at the end of tho lino, and the rosult will he again 17S5. Thescienco of figures is an unexplored domain. Mr. Bab- hago's calculating macliiuc indicated regions which tho inventor could not comprehend. \ Laplace, Sir Isaac Newton, ami Lovrier could < not roach what thoy believed attainable by figures in coming ages of scientific research. Printed and published by James John Brown, sole proprietor, at lite " Courier" General Printing Office, liossi-street, Yews, in the Colony oj blew South Wales. 