INSTALLATION O DEAN BRAUSTON AT WINCHESTER CATHEDRAL. We have to record this week the performane of a ceremony which is both interesting and novel, as up wards of thirty years have rolled away since it last took place in this city. The installation to a deanery, too, was formerly of a more private charanter thau that of Tuesday last, the Bishop of Winchester deeming, and rightly, we think, that the rites and ceremonies of the Church should be prominently brought before churchmen, and that the Church will losee nothing by so doilng, nay, that greater atelction and regard will be thre result. The Cathedral was crowded. The Mayor and Cor poration of this city attended. Long before the time announced for the commencement of thre ceremony throngs hastened to the sacnered building to witness the institution of the now dean, the Rev. Jlohn Bramston, B.D., late rector of Witham, Essex. Tie occaseiou wasone which necessarily called forth mingled feelings of pleasure and regret. "To welcome the coming, speed the parting guest" would be a very inaccurate representation of the case. To welcome thie new dean weas, however, a principal object, but Dean Garnier has lived too long in the best affections of the whole of the residents of this city nud county for them to have the faintest wish to "apeed thIe psrtillg guest." They are happy in the thought that he hlas no inten tion to quit the field hlie has occupied so long, so use fully, and so much to the advantage of his clergy and the laity generally, and this thoughlt somewhat tem pers the regretful feeling that old age has come upon him mad compelled him to resign a duty which he con seientionoly felt he could no longer discharge in an adequate manner. At half?-past 3 o'elock the clergy (robed) began to assemble in the south transept, the time fixed for the institutieon being 4 o'clock. At that hour precisely a proiession, numbering about eighty clergymen, and including very many of the clergy of Winchester, and others from the various parishes in the diocese, to gelher wilth the Cathedral authlrorities, left the south transept, the choir being at the hIead and siginig the beautiful hymn, "Thei Clurch'o One Fonndation" (Oe on the occasion of the installation of thie present bishop) to Dr. Wersley's charning tuae "Aurelia." TIhe music was unaccompanied, and, in the distance, was only faintly beard, but became, of course, gradu ally louder as the procession approached more near. The effect was very floe. Attheend of the procession came the Bishop, followed by his chaplain, thIe Rev. Basil Wilborforce. Thie procession elowly wended its way along the centre of the majestic building, enter ing, the choir by thie west door. As the singers and clergy. came up to their respective places they took their seats, the bishop and theremainderof the clergy continuing to thIe eastern part of lthe choir, whlere seats had been placed for them between thle thr.no and the communion table, the bishop and enathedral euthorities entering within the rails, butthe new dean remained withont, standing near thIe rails, willth Arch deacon Jacob and othere. His lordship ltook a seat in frontof the Holy Table, facing tlrhe congregation. The hymn ended, the vice-dean (Archdeacon Jacob) steppred forward, bad, in a very audible voice, presented the dean-elect to the bishop in the following terms : " Bight Boe. Father in God, I present unto yoen this godly. and well- learned man, our Brother in Chrisr , John Bramston, B.D., to be admitted and instituted to, the oflice and dignity of dean of this Cathedral huteh."' Tbhe bislop then demanded the Queen's presentation under the great seel for the institution, which the oRev. BasllWilberforee road. His lordship then asked: ".e?eke-end: Brother in Christ, art thou ready to faire buch oaths and make such declarations as are re quirnd by law, and by the statutes of this Cathedral Ohurb, touching the aollice to which thou art pre sohted tod erheMost Gracious bajesty ?" The dean-elect answored, "I am ready to do this, by the help of God." SThe oath of al egisnce and due obedience to the bishop was then administered to the deanoelect by the Rev. B. Wilberforce, and the dean-elect declared his subsription to the 89 Articles of Religion, and made the declaration of conformity to the Liturgy of tile Church of England and the three articles of the 36th &anon.; He declred oil oaeth his belief in tile doe trines tausght by the "United Church of Great Britain and Ireland" as agreeauble to thle Word of God, and that in public prayer and administration of the Sacra ments he would use the form in the said book pre scribed, ansid nobne other, except so far as might be ordered by lawful authority. He further declared that le had not by himself nor by any othe er person aotinog oh his behalf made any payment, contract, or promise of any kind whatsoever, whlich, to theb best of his knowledge or belief was simoniaeal, touching his obtaining of the preferment to the deanery of the eathedral church of Winlchester, nor would he here after pkerform or satisfy, in whole or in part, any such kind of ptayment, contract, or promise mode by any other person without his knowledge or consent. He declared that he would he faithful and bear true anlle giance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, hler heirs, and eueessonr arccordoing to law, and that ha would pay true and canonical obedienoe to the Lord Bishop of Winchester and his successors in all things lawful and honest. "So help me God." His lordship then delivered, in a most solemn manner, an address, which was as follows,: "Bev. Brother:--Thou host made the declaration and taken tile oaths in this ease prescribed to be made and to be taken, and now, before I admit thee to this high office in the Church of Christ, let me once more remind thee what thy life amongst us is to be, its purpose, its aim, and its conduct. Soon thie voice of prayer haltl rise from this congregation for lthee, and that prayer will specially implore God's grace for thee for the three speciul purposes in thy oflice of dean in this cathedral. The first of these purposes is that thou mayest have grace to maintain thie pure and treo worship of God within this building according to thy ofice-true in the doctrine of His holy chuerch, true in the offering of hearts touched by the Spirit of the Lord, and rising to him in daily suppliention and in praise from this centre of our diocese; secondly, thlat prayer obell be offered for tlhee that thou mayeost be een amongst us showing thlat divine light in thine own soul for the maintenance of which in others this cathedral hath been endowed-that thou mayest give thy mind and will, thy thought and prayer, to grow in the grace of God and in all the studies of a holy life; and, thirdly, the prayer will ascend for thee that thou mayest be amongst us an example upon whichl our eyes aon be fiod--lthat we may follow thee as thou dost follow Christ, in all hIumility of mind, in this thy high oficc, preserving amongst thy broethren here thy rule with tenderness, and mercy, and love, in the fear of God, and in the spirit of the Lord Jesua, that so, setting before us the example of the new life, thou mayest kindle in many a desire to attain there unto, showing thyself kind to those in need, merciful to those in trouble, hospitable to those about thee, and to be a maintainer of the truth of Christ, an exalter of His worship, a follower of illis steps. O may God give thee grace to line amongst us, and, lwhen His will is, to die amongst u, that we may Israise His name that in thee He hias given ns one to lhelp us onward in the way to serve Him hrlio died for our redemption. God the Falther, the Son, and the lIoly Ghost accept this day the offering of tlysaclf to make thee meet to do Him service. Amen." the dean- elect tlten entered withlin the communion rails, knelt down before thie bishop, took the seal in his right hand, and was instituted in the prescribed form. The letters patent were dated Westminster, the 22nd of November, in the thlirty-sixth year of icer Mojesty's reign, and rested the dean-elect with all and singular the rights, profits, privileges, and appurte nances belonging to tihe deanery, it succession to Dean Gmior, the Ilest dean, resigned under the Dean and Canons Resignation Act, and the bishop assiuned him a etall in the Chepteor House of thEbo Cathedral for the term of his natural life under the said letters patent and statutes and ordinances of the cathedral chlurclh, "the same as had been hitherto assigned, saving ela ways to osrselves our episcopal right;, ond the dignity and honour of the cathedral church of Wincheste-. In testimony wterof we have caused our opiscopol seal to be hereunto attachd on this 2G6th day of Novembcr, 18672, and in the year of our translation the third." The bishol's mandate for inlsttillation was then dc lirered to tile new dean for tpresentlion tio the vice dean, who, with tile Rev. Canon Corus and the diean elect, retired to the lchapter-room. The bishop was then conducted to hiis throne, the vice-dean and canons to their stalls, and I)ivinte ervice commenced, Dr. Arnold (who presided at tile organ) playing a volun tary in the meantime. Thie service was intoned by thie Revr. Precentor Wray, oad the absolution was read by the bishop from the thlrone. The first lesson was read by tile Rev. G. Becekwith, after which tile now dean was conducted to the west door of thie choir, where the mandate of installation was delivered to the vicedean, who then conducted thle dean to the Iholy table for secret prayer and offering, Dr. Arnold play inlr another voluntary. At its conclueion, the bishop aidh " Brethlren, aos he who is to rule over this Cathedral hneels in prayer to God to give him grace to govern himself and others, I pray you to lift your hearle in prayer to God in thant hymn of prayer which we will singorer him as hie kneels." The deal then made his offering, and knelt in prayer at the altar, whilst the etl Creaoler wan being song. After the singing and prayer, the dean was led by the vice-dean to his deeanal stall, where the prayers (in Latin) prescribed by the Cathedral statutes were ofltred by thie ice-dean, and of which the follow ing is a translation: " Have comparsion, we beseech Thee, O Lord God, upon Thy servant, Johln Brameoston, designated to the presiding office of denn of this chrc'h. Protect him by Thy grace, and nssist him by Thy Holy Spirit. May his elevation to this dignity tend as well to the true worshitp as to thle asndvancement of pursuihs of piety. Grant that hie may be an example to olther piresbyters, and especially to the canons of this Church. May hie faithfully serve Thee, and do Thou direct him into the way of eternal salvation, tlirough Jesus Chlrist oar Lord and Sariour. Amen." UIt will be seen, in accordance with the bishop's intimation in his address, that tihe three topics of lthat address form the leading potitions in the above prayer]. Divine service then proceeded to its close, tiee second lesson being read by Archdeacon Jacob. Whe serrice was Goss's in E, and the anthemc Goss's composition "Praise the Lord," taken from Psalm caxe. After thie saervice tihe dean was conducted to the Chlapter room, and alwhen he had been placed in his chair and takeen the oath prescribed by thie statutes, each canon and minor canlon approached, in the order of seniority, and made a promise of obedience in the following terms :-" Domiene Decanno promillo libi delbilane opedieltiam tanquam Decano.' Thus ended the ioaslllation of Dean trnmston. As the large congregation left hie sacred building the bells sent forlth tlheir notes of joy at the conclusion of the solemn ceremony.-ootamejshire Chlronicle, Nov. 30. 