TOPICS OF THE DAY The anniversary tea and public meet- <*> ings in connection with the North Adelaide Congregational Church will be held this evening in the Schoolroom, Brougham-place. On Monday 4,700 shares in the Matta parra Capper Mining Company were applied for fay 4 o'clock, and this being 700 in excess of the number offered to the public, tbe list Was closed. Wo have been informed by Mr. Hurst, of the Post- Office, that a mail for tbe Northern Territory will ba dispatched by t:ie Engli-h mail steamer on Friday. The mail will be taken on from Timor by the Flying Cloud. The rainfall between} 9 a.m. on Satur day and tbe same hour on Monday, February 24, is registered as follows:— B—nchetown... o*o7o Noimin _Ue... 0015 Melrose ... ODSO Mount Gambler 01(0 Mount Barker o*l4o Penola ... 0.70 Strathalbyn ... 0-480 Gumeiaoha ... 0170 Willuaga ... 01173 At a private entertainment given by Professor Haselmayer at the Hotel Kurope on Monday evening, a very handsome gold medal was presented to him by the members of the German Club, which bore the following inscrip tions :—On the obverse —*" llerrn I'rofessor Louis Haselmayer;" on the reverse—" Zir I—innerung an Dentschen Club.—Adelaide, den 24 _ ____, 1873." The prospectus of the North Point Eesf Gold Mining Conjpiny, projscted to work the claims of Messrs. Stow, -fanning, ani others at Yam Creek, was published in the daily papers as a matter of form, _ul a number of shares applied for, fiat the Ist was closed nine days ago. The allotment will take place immediately, and the first meeting of share holders will, we understand, b_ held early next week. On Monday, as a little boy of 12 years of age, named Henry Withermeyer, was amusing himself in bis school ground, in Wake field street with some of bis schoolfellows, a Jtone, thrown against a wall by a playmate, rebounded, a_d struck him on tho bead, in flicting a nasty wound. The little sufferer was at once removed to the Hospital, where the in jury was attended to, and ho it now pr&gressiug; favorably. Tho writs for the general quadrennial election for the legislative Council were issued on Monday, February 24, the 4th of March being fixed for the nominitioii, and 3rd of April for the election, should there be a con test. The retiring members are the Hons. Sir John _orphett, Sir Henry Ayers, W. W. Tur ford, T. Hogarth, H. Mildred, and J. Hodgkiss. Another vacancy was caused by the death of the Hon. J. Baker, so there are seveu members to be electee). The quantity of wheat exported from Port Wakefield for the week ending February 15 was 23,917 bushels, and forthe week ending Februaiy 22, 9,481 bushels. It will be seen there is a large falling off in the latter week, bnt it ia owing, we believe, to the fact that tho City of Seringapatam is hieing loaded for Eng land, aud of coarse her cargo would not be taken into account until it is completed. She will take about 1,600 or 1,700 tons. The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide aud Port Dar- i win telegraph line : — Belt—ia, S.K., light, clear; Suangways Springs, S.E., light, clear, fine; The Peakc, t., light, fine ;'Charlotte j Waters, i£., light, overcast, dull; Alice Springs, N., light, threatening, close, light showers in night; Barrow Creek, —~ light, dull, overcast; Tennant Greek, X., very light, overcast, sultry ; Powell Creek, calm, dull, overcast ; Daly Waters, W.W., light, overcast, pleasant ; Ka therine, N.W., nearly calm, rain 1*053; Yam , Creek, N.W., moderate, rain 0*240; Port Dar win, W., fresh, fine, rain c 0 060; rain yester day 1*230. The subjoined address, prepared by Mr. Albert A. H. Finkstaue and beautifully engrosrod by Mr. Frank H. Carter, has been presented to Mr. Lionel L. Elliott, of Eapunda, by the Superintendent and teachers of the St. John's Sunday-school:—" To Mr. Lionel L. J—Uott.—Dear Sir—We, the Superintendent and teachers of St, John's Sunday-school, in the City and Dijoeaa of Adelaide, heartily ' thank you for the lively interest manifested by you in discharging the very responsible and arduous duties which, in the ordinary course of things, devolved upon you as Superintendent of our school. In thus taking our official farewell of you, we pray to the God of all mercies that He may fill your heart with a fervent desire to dovote the remainder of your days, whether they be many or few, with still greater zeal to the service of His Church on earth, that when He who is the Good Shepherd and Judge of His people shall call you to render an amount of your stewardship, you may ba ready to meet Him with great j >y, and being admitted by Him within the portals of the Church above, you may receive from Him the great prize awarded to all His faithful servants—a crown oT glory that never fadoth ; and may that crown be en riched with miny jewels and colored with many a gem. May the sweet communion of the Fatter, Son, an _ Holy Ghost abide with you and yours now and ever.—Ohas. Webb. Super intendent ; Albert A. H. Pinlutone, Frank H. Carter, A. G. Mai shall, Elizabeth Tizzarcl, S. E. Hince, A. M. Russell, T. Jasper Smyth, M.A., Incumbent of St. John's; Thos. G. Wright, Sarah Howard Birt, Emily Pritchard, Wm! Adamson." We have received from Mr. Latham, proprietor of the Carlton I'rewery, Melbourne, a small pamphlet bearing the attractive title of "A Glass of Ale," by John Barleycorn. In this woik, beer, the Ifavorile drink of Britons, is defended as harmless and healthful, and eloquently eulogised as inspiring, generous, satisfying, associated with all that is manly in our countrymen, and with the most ancient and the most glorious periods of British history. Sbakspeare and other poets, great and small, down to the author of the rustic ballad containing the well- remembered line, "Forlloi—ssadropo* good beer," an quoted in favor of the national beverage. According to the climate the liquor should vary in strength and body; and this consideration leads to the celebrated Carlton ale, and an admirable de scription of the brewery where it is made, which appears to be on a magnificent scale. The malt houses, cellars, stables, and every department of this grand establishment are described in a lively perspicuous style that enables the com prehension to grasp, and the memory to retain all the detail— Finally, we are taken to the bottling building and premises, and here the fact that must otten have struck, the drinkers of malt liquors is particularly impressed upon the rcind, that is, that in order to get good bottled ale it must foe prepared on a very huge-oala, The beer requires keeping in cask for (a considerable time, and when footUed it should be untouched from three months to a year before bong used. We fear that in South Australia the character of onr bottled ale suffers from the want of the supply beoqg kept up, and then as the demand increases the **-. is said too soon, and consequently loses repute. The work we just noticed is cleverly and agree ally written, many passages sparkling like the seductive fluid the author ao much admires. The printing— beautifully executed by Messrs. MeOarron, Bird, k Co., Flinders-lane west, Melbourne. The binding and bordering are good, and an imposing idea of the Carlton Brewery is given by the frontispiece. 