GOULBURN POLIOC COURT., \VEDNS:AY,, JULY 23. BDroInoe the policc.magieratto. John Thomas (a stranger), who was brought up on Monday for broaking a window in a railway. oerriogo and disobharged, weas again brought up under the Vagrant Act. Defendant said he was sent from Sydney by the commissioner for railways; but had no funds to oopport him, land was unable to work on account of auffering with had foot. io tried to got into the hospitals in Sydney, but.had foiled. ie had also tried to got into the Goulburn hospital, but could not got a list fllod op. Coolmittod to the gaol hospital for fourtoeen days. William Gilboert, who goave his go as novonty.fivo yoears, was brought up under the Vagrant Ant, pro. teossing no means of support. Defendant said he had boon in the benevolent sneylum seovoral tines, but was in tie habit of going out and working for a while, and then aigain roturn. ing when he had no work to do, Ho had booeen in the nolony einae Govornor Meoquarlo's timo, and was in Gooulburn many years back. Ho had called on Dr. Long a feow dtays ago, and got a lotter from him to the oommlssionor for railways, and ondoavourod to obtain a froo pass per train to Goulburn, thikiing to obtlain work from Mr. Kinghorno. He had applied for work, and there was none to be had; but ha had boon assisted, If he was forwarded to the asylum he would be willing to end hise daya there. foet to gaol for seven days, FOZAY, JULY 26. Bofore the pollone-magistrate. John Sooroy was charged with furlous riding in Auburn and Olinton stroute on 17th July, Defondant pleaded guilty. Senior.sergeant F"nton said the defendants ronduot was like that of a manio, Hoe was riding from MoO Connell'e publiohouose to Thoma's at a furious paoo ohasing a dog. Ho wasoe under the inllnnonoe of drink. Fined 40s, osnd 2s, Od, coots. Thomeas Royal was anmmoned by Joseph Jones under thie Rcovory of Tenoments Act. Mr. oannon appeared for the complainant, Defendant did not appear when called on, John Lawlor deposed: I affixed a duplclato of the snemons produood on the promises khnown as the Ylse anod Collootor Inn, on tie 231st Instant; I pro vionely mrdo a unsearh for dstfendant and hise wife, bht could not find them; I found two young ohildron there, Joseph Jones deposed: I lot tihe promises to do. fondoot ndeor the agrooeement whieh I now produoo; he has sinco loft, and there is not any furniture le the Ihouseo; I gave him a weolk's notice which termt. nated on the 18th July; I wont out last Mondoy to tako possaesalon; I wont through the rooms when doefendant's wife eamoe to me; I told her I came to take possession, and had a man to put in possession; she said, "I'll show you what possession is;" she took up a bottle and hold it in her hand ; [ had to run out of the plaoe so as to kenop out of the ranch of her eh appeared very violoent, and I did not got possession Vsarrant for possesolson to isseo, to remain in the ollaeo for novoen days. WuravsneAN MUTUAL, Isnrsovn?tneo Soorn v.-,Tho attendaneoo was somewhat limlted on Wednesday ovoning, probably owing to the wet weathier, The president ooouplod the chair. One now membeor wanes olooted. It weas deoided thlat a series of original papers should be prepared on Engliseh history, the first of whtih will bhe predoded in a fortnighlt, A looturo on Go. ology was then given by the Revo, W. Kolynaolr, Re first treated Ius an nloqueont manner of the pro. Adamito oarthsand waiot geology isad revealed till sman ipponred on the econ.e, At this olpoel, whicho was slylod the oarboifoeroos period, shrubhs, pines, and hixlnriant voegotable flora adorned the earth, anst coal had found its origin In the donomposilon of those, Tie snool nd and thiird stages produood forest and fruit.boering trees, gronse5, and corn, adapted for the use of man. Next was trnood the fiorloel sural features of the earth. Allhsion was then mado to the prodigious nhnolsale that onxlsted on land aned in thie soas, followed by a doesription of the reptlilian era, whl is a kInown as the ehlsy period or.tortlnry formation, llMnruplal aroatnros and othlers of tihe olsme epofoles then appeanred; and it was explninol that Darrwin's Ihoory rosepnoting thie progonlorar ot Inss hatd found its origin front thle flelt that anisnate Ilad graduallly developed sinoo that period. Tihe enormous dimonesiona of the mamnmoth, mastnodon, Irnd other anilnale now 0Irlnot, were oomlennonted upon; and the fact of their remains Iaving boon found at grsat depth, proved the groat antiquity of the osrth and that the present period waee but a spool nos compared with the past. The rev. looturer dwelt upon thie harmony existing botwoon the dlaeovorios of geology and inspired truth, referring to the hypothols of Dr. Ohhlmors, that geology and the Moaate noonunt of the croatlon wero at varianoo, na a falhtoloues one. loforoneo weas then made to the Incursions whlioh the sonea had mtade upon onea ox. posed land I and it was lstated that eoven In lingland luxuralnt fields which wore now far nbovo the level of the sea, wore oneo washed by the waves of the ooona,. The greeot disaoverles madoe by Smith and tnsprovod hy Lugh Miillor were touohed upon nnd the fosalllforous toateres of the throee prlmtry divilsions of geology wore ronsidored at somo length. The leoture, whloh was able and interesting, con. olsded by an nppel to the members to atudy theb esubjoot trentoMdt of, and thus Improve tiiomslveg for a life of usefulness hero and fit thomeolves for a nobler work yet to oome.-The trhanks of the mom bore were given to the hobairman for delivering the lootro, rand tho meooting terminated. Tire Ra?oD TO 010: OUItLoAWANO COPPR*ie.tItE. The Ro~ads Assooiation, in reply to tlleir application for a grant of publio money for the repair of the rood from the Ourrawang coppr*mineo to the lune gendoro and (Goulburn rood, hrove been informed by the govornmrent thot the vole for minor roads and bridges unolansilod is now exhsusted and that thore ore at present no funds available for the purpose OATn'oLIo LITIrILARIY ABOCIATrro.- t A the meeting on \VWednesday eveoning the tteondanoo was :imnll, owing no dollbt to the inclomnent woeather. The debate on Oapitul and Labour, which wee to have taken ptlae, wirs poolponed lillt the next debate night and the business for next WVdnesdloy ooning having boon announced as the reading of oeesyse, the meeting lerminntud. Sloua?tlt AcocesrT.-Oc Thursday morning, a men named Timothy O'Neill, in the emnploy of hltsesr. J. anRd J. HIty?s of this oity, was ungagoed with another miran lowering none bige of bran from the stairs of the store adjoiling the Australiin Joint Stock Blialnk when It looed the hold be had of the bannistor, and being overbalanced by the weight of the bg, full eideways iagriinet some iron bhirs pro. tooting a window at the bottom of tho stairs, and htad his head out sroverely and his collar.bone broken. D)r. Davidsen attended to the sufferor. (Lc.t:?OL?n.--Ao may be soon by rofarring to our adrortislng columues, a mooting of poroon doatirous of joining a glno.olub, in conoonexion with whloh will be formed a sioging.claelss, io to be hold in thbo committeo.room of tho moobanics' inestituto on Tuoes doy evening next at half.pset seavon o'clock. For a conusidorablo time there has boon no such thing eo a glo-oclub in existence in Goulburn; and doubtleoss many young man who have complained of the wonlt of such a mnodium to pses away thoe ovonlgs will talko the nmatter up anmd use thoir ondoavourra to bheumo porfect in some of the many now gloeo now to be obtlainod in the oolony and nator yet hoard in Goulbura. Already n lafrgo numbur of poroons have eignilod thoir itnttion of joining. SALI oP WOOLLEN \VWolK.-,Oo TaosodOy and Wodnsiday noxt a salo of woollen work just recoived from England, will be hold in tho diooouaan dopot in aid of tlo church society. PoLruc-Oroce lOSTErc.-July 281h-- . I. nayley and S. M. Morton Esqra.; 30th-Captain Roest nnd 1V. Shoppard Esq.; August let--\W. Conolly and A. G. Do Lourot Esqra. Ts.xosols AcceCrTo . -Tho undermontionod tendoor havo boon ncooptod by the govornmont, viz. :--Eroo lion of a bridge over Doop Oroclr, on road, Bungon doro to Boro, Mr WYm. Wobb; contract, 1.B, road, Mount Wayo to Poolwood, Goulburn dietriot, Mr. W. Smith. QuvANnaYAN--Nnw AUOTIONsoR. --On Tuesday, an nuotionnor's licoose for tile distriot of Quoanboyan wso granted to Mr. John Galo.-Quoanboyan Ago, ANoIsonli NAnUow EasoArl rno.r S8urrooATioN. On 'l'burAday morning, says the Argus, a fisherman nLamed Timothy Loary, rosiding at Geolong, lighted a fire in a common perforated nailoan and placed it in his bedroom, the purpose boing to dry the walls, which worn very damp, there being no lroplaeo, Tho firo had nearly gone out when Leary and his wife retired for the night. During tho night, Leary was awkoened by hearing his wife groaning and malking a grglilng noise, nod rising up to asoortain theo cuse became unconsolous himeolf. The mother of a lad nanmod Potorson, who was sloeping in a room upastirs with the othillren, osllod oarly next morn ing, but found no soon about, and on going to the bedroom in question she found both Mr, and Mrs. Lonry lying apparently dead, the former on the bed, and the hitter with her lens on the mottress and her hand on the floor. Drs. Fostcr, Shaw, and Day wore oalled in, and applied the useal moans of rstorsation, and lind tie window of the room opeond so us to admit fresh air. It was, howover, some time beforo the moons adopted were effootuol, and Leary, a strongly-built man, was laid up tho next day from theo ofoots of the partial suffocation he had under. gone. Tho wifoe, who was in a delioato state of osalth, continued insoensiblo for many hours, and was unshole to speak during the whole of the day, and can scarooly be considered out of danger, This oneso hows tho danger of using rstos in rooms where thero are no chimneys or other mode of vontilation. THE ALLEGED CASE OF MURDER AT CARCOAR.—At the Carcoar police court on Tuesday, reports the Chronicle, John Burton appeared on remand charged with the murder of his wife, Eliza Burton. Burton had been arrested on suspicion of having murdered his wife by burning her on the fire. A great deal of evidence was given; but the bench did not think it was sufficient to warrant them in sending the case to a jury, and prisoner was discharged. INFANTICIDE AGAIN.—Another dead infant has been found, says the Melbourne Argus. A lad named Arthur Keasley of No. 2, Cambridge-place, Cambridge-street, Collingwood, handed over to the police on Thursday morning the body of a newly- born male child, which he had found in the Carlton gardens at half-pst seven that morning. There was no clothing on the body, which was wrapped in a piece of an old chemise, and must have been exposed for some days, as it was somewhat decom posed. It was convoyed to the Labour-in-Vain Hotel, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, where an inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown was recorded. Oltuiotn OF ENsIAHnn, BuIItowA.-A bazaar took piaoo at Burrowa on Wednesday wooak in aid of the building fund for a proposed Ohuroh of England parsonago in that town. On the following day a bruoe nuction was hold, and the affair was wound up with a concert and dramatio entertainment In the voning, The flnnciual roesult was highly satlsfac tory, £240 being resllsod. DEATH CAUSED IN A SIMPLE MANNER.—The Car coar Chronicle of Saturday reports an inquest held near Blayney touching the death of a child named Bridget Flood, aged eleven years. Whilst playing with a brother two years younger than herself, he struck her with his hand in the pit of the stomach, and she died in about an hour afterwards. StrNoturoN.-Tuosday.-A vory satlsfactory com miltoo mooting wois hold on Friday evening in con nootion with the Singleton Twood Manufacturing Company, and it is conldeontly expeoted that by the end of tho prosoet month the whole of the shares will be applied for, throo-fourthl having already boon tltorn lip, prinoipally by residents of the diotriot. Tologram to S. 1I. 1Iornld. HIcIL, linU.-Tuosdoay.-Tho Star of Peaoo Gold mitning Company have finished orushing 2104 tons stono, which yloldod 002o,. 18 dwts.--Tolugram to NEu ZuALArNn.-Vi-a LLlbourno.-July 15f.-Par lamuont oponed to.day. The Uovornor's speooh oxpressed autisfaotion at the prospority of the nolony, and prominod bills 'to amond the constitution of the Logislatlve Oounoil, and to deal with eduaotion) the oatnbllehmont of a slilver and copper mint, and the abolition of imprisonment for debt. On native nfflirs his Eioollonoy said the murder of Sullivan, soommlttcd in the WVlkato by certain natives, has attractod much publio notloo, and while lamonting the oooerrconoo of otime-now happily no raro- would announoo with satlsafotlon that'it has ovokod from the leading triboe throughout the island a general and publio coldomnation, |as well as renewed doolarational of loyalty; tho governmont.have loft tllo.orminals to the ordinary oporation of the law, That operation may be tardy in tho district still romoto from Europunean ottlement in whloh they havo toIon rofugo; but government, while mindful of tile reqiilremonts and justloo of protootion to the industrious inhabitnnts, hyvo not doomod It oxpodlont by any proolpltuto monsuros to riskl tho disturbnnoo o (the geornally ponooful condition of the colony- Telegram to S, M. I.orald, TuAT IInATirnii OaiiInI,--Drot. Hnrto's Ah Sing was a fair emooplo of thie simple Ohlnaman, John is good sat most gamins, whothor they be eouohro or tnilings. This list sla a roeroatlon of a vory'proltabli olihrnator, nsd wae recently pinyod by thnt houtlon Ohio'u with rotunrltablo success nt U?o Orooeek. John having mnrkld hisa prey, appoprod on the eionno with sImple nnd olild-lilkn oountonnuoo. " You s?ll hiln," elld he, pointing to the stunE; "how muolon P " lTho proprlietors grood to let him ihav a part for £10, and John oarted the lot off, Procontly, roturnlng with thoe samo stolid simplioity, he delirod to buy tle rest; but thllu suporior Oauonin, smelling it rut, now doubled his prioa. " W\lly well," said John, with woll-folgnod reluotnnoo, "mo chanco it," nod he paid his money an.d carted away hispurchase, with ".a smilo that was ohildlllko and bland," The aollora, however, woere sold n for t ttheir vast lHsglgit they dleooverool that tile elmple and innooont Mongolian had washled out 00 Oa, of gold from the roluso they had so willingly disposed of for £30. It isn't safe to mention that heatboen Ohiuoo down Iank Oreok way.-llathurst Timoes, SOoAIIOTt or MBIAT IN WAOOGA WAnnA,--By way of Illustrnllng the extent to which the diflloilty of obtaining fat atooc In Wagga is felt, we (AdvortlBor) may mention that one of our local butchora-Mr, hMarour Higiln-e-ha? given notioe to hlis outomorn that, as he cannaot obtain fat cattle or sheep at any thing libse a reasonable pricehe is obliged to close hisostablishmont for two weeks. In tho meantime IMr. higgins, we believo, is going on a voyage of discovery, and hopoe in about a fortnight's time to nlmao aresrengemonts for a regular supply ol steoek suitable for the domestio trado. It is a state of things whloh we are at a lose to understand; but w presuma the butohers themselves must be the boat judges as to what priooe they eon afford to give for lhb live animal, with reasonable margiu for profit on ,dead meat at a tariff not beyond the means of most ,onsumoers. ANovct OoAb.orer.-- Thero Is at Wood's Point, nooordiog to the Wood's Point Minor, a claimant, with a good tillo, to the estates of John Whitelaw, "thl martyr," who was exeouted in Scotland is 1083 for isis religious ssd politioal opinions. The olnimsnt, Mr. James Wisitolaw, is a desoendant of "the martyr," and accordintg to the tinor, has " for some years beon in correspondonto shout the matter with his Scotoh relatives, but the eiiesitudes of co lonial lifo ilave had their inlluonce on him as well as on many others. As is well Isnown in this district, not many yoers ago JTses WsVlitelow, from his In torosls in quartz-minos, stood lair to be independent of the olatles of 'the enartyr,' and he at one time lead such prospcols as would hlave enabled him to go home sad prosuoete hit olsimt nut quarta- roolneg, like 'tthe course of true loys,' never does run smooth, and MIr. Whleltlaw is not at present as rich as he ought to be, That he is the direct hseir there is scarcely the shadow of doubt." The grounds upon which olaims a5re now being made to the estates in question are explained by the Dundee Advertiser, which asks, " how is it that while restitution of these forfoituree to the deeosendonts of the persons exeouted at the lime has boon made in maney other oases, and that while a law was passod in the yoer 1091 restoring all ouch forfeitures, the estates of the martyr Whilolaw baoy never boon given back ? The estimated value ut the present time, with interest accrued during the lwo hleusdred years, is tIepwards of a million sterling. The ioecount states that the doeecsodonts, both lineal steed collatorusl, are numerous, and amongst those .smod is 'Mr. James Whitolaw, at present in Auce tralia.'" A .?acnaouso De.oeroxo.-The Gloen Innoes Guar dion of Saturday last relates an inrtance of one of those pecolior opidemics brought about by persistent study of the scriptures. In this case a rather reso pootablo, and apparently voory intolligont.lookling man, was boharged with being doflaiont of the intolloot necessary to justify him being at largo. HIowevor, the modfial ovidone and the man s own conduct, went to ashow that he was a fit subljoot for being in posoession of his libehorty, and that the only imbohecilo trlit in his eoharaoter was on religion. Acoording to what he essorted, he bhas a conviotion that he is to reeolvo the Inoarnotion, and it is his duty to abstain from servitude until this promise which has been made to him by the Almighty has been fulfilled; he also states that he has fasted for forty days, and that he never colicits food from any one, and moroly eats when it is given to him. Of oourse, it is by no means feasible to snppose that it would be possible for any parson to fast from food for suoh a period, but it is said by those who are acquainuted with this individual that he hoas boon known to fast for a week at a time, On being disoharged from the onurt he immediately took his departure, we presume to the bush again, whore in iall probability he will ulti mately eonoumb to exhaustion for the want of the nooessarios of lifo, and add one more to the number of those-perhaps sincere, but misguided oreatures, who are misled by some powerful delusion in connoo* tion with what they supposed to be religion. ATTo?oo, A'T POo80NINe.- The Bondigo Advoer tisor reports that on Friday afternoon a marinostorer dealer in Mo Ivor-stroot, Sendhnret, named WV. Whitting, attempted to poison himself. Ht is given to drink, and in consequence quarrels between him and bis wife have beeoon frequent. On the afternoon in question, while under the ilnfluence of liquor, he had somosuth'domostio difference, and seizing hold of a phial ontaininog halfa wineglass full of aqua fortis, throotoned to drink it, but his steopdadghter snatched the bottle from him and put it aseide. A few minutes afterwards he again got hold of it, and the stepdaughter, who was in a back room, came out juet in time to soo him drain the last drop of the dreadful poison. tIe immediately sat down and asked for water, and the young girl, with great pro. sonoa of mind, thought of eomoething for ap emetto, and gave him a drink of salt and water, which oaused him to vomit. In the meantime, one of her brothers was sent to the Friendly Societies' disponsary, which waso not far off, and asked for on omotio, stating that his father had swallowed on acold for oloaneing gold. Mr. Blaook, the dispenser, euspooting that the aold was aoq/uafortls, sent the proper remedy, and it was eagerly taken by the misguided man, who had begun to soe hie folly ahd to repent of it. Dr. Hood was also soon in attendance, and eoverything was done to counteraoet the effocts of the poison. List ovening therodtd not appear much hope of his rocovery, and noting under advice he made his will. It seems that he had on former oooaslone, when in drink and paes sion, throatened to take hise lifo in' a elsimilar way. The aqupfortis was used in his trade, and it could not always be Ikeopt out of hise way. Tcra MAY0on or SANDIoUneT cN TooUnan AdAc,. -Theo Molbourno Argue says:--Some sensation was coaused in Collines.tooct, near the " verandah," on Saturday, by an encounter between Mr. Oarreik of Bandhurst and a negro. It appears that the blcok. follow meddled with Mr. Oarrlok'e buggy, whioh had boon loft outside an hotel, and that Mr. Oarrick, finding him in the not, adminlsterod a oenvero thrash. ing to the negro. A great orowd collooted in Oollin.aetroet, and the bainok man was convoyed to the Melbourne hospital, where it was found thit bhie head was out, but whebother by his bolng thrown out of the bugey or by lMr. Carriok's violoneo, did not appear. His injuries were attended to, and he was sent away. It was otated at the hospital that the negro was under the Influonoo of drink. The pooec taters of the affair expressed indignation at Mr. Carrlok's conduot, and it was proposed to give him in chargo of a constablo; but the latter took hise name and address, apparently with the intention of auom. moning him. It did not clearly appear how the man camo to interfere with Mr. Oarriolck'e trap, several statements being made on the point. Tue ENhJIwra Onotcscas,-7MIr. Graoo telegrapho d from London last Frlday that the following playr had aotually promised to anecompany him to Aus tralia, vte: nears. G. F. Grace (Giloucesterohiro), A. N. Hornby (1arrow and Lamoneshlro), A, J. Bush (Gtouoestorehlro), J. Lllywhbito (Susaenx), J. Boothor. ten (Slsseex), I, Humphroy (Surroy), H. Molntyro (Nottingham), H. Jupp (Surrey), the lost five boleng professionals, lo had also asked Miossrs, VW. Yoardley, A. Apploby, n, Flndor (Yorksehiro), and WV. Osoroft (Nottlngham), hut had not eotually come to terms with them. Theroe is no doubt that with Mr. W. G. Grace the above would be a good team, betog portloularly etrong in bowllng,.as the names of M[olntyro, Southcrtorn, Lillywhitoe, Apploby, and H. F. Graoo testify, whleo as batsmen there are Itossrs, W, 0, Grace, Iornby, Humphroy, Jupp, end Os. croft, FInder is one of tho first wlicket-kicopure ln England, and most of the above are splendid fields. Mr. Graeo has' not actually olosed with the offer made to him, and further nogotlatione must be gone into bofore it can be pooitively announced that an loeven will visit Victoria. Tho namoe that Mr. Grnoe hab submitted will doubtless assist in a great monsure to a spooeedy settlement; but In the mean. time we must wait until another tologram is roeolved from him.-Daily Telegraph. DzrrnTuennie Oanoa no A OmlNeceghoAo,-- 8o0mo roe martkablo onures of dipthorla are rotelated by oorrose. pondents of the Ararat and Pleasant Orook Advor. leaor, They are stated to have boon performed by a Ohlinaman named Ah Sao, and one of the writers says--" I oan attest to two instances whero, within the last wook, childron on the point of death, and in one case after hologn given cp by the medical man in attendanoe, have boon completoly reetored. Ah Soc undertakeno to ouro dlphtherlo, ovon in the last stage and after all hope has bon ion given up by modilol men. If this be roeally the oano (and I havegood roasnone for believing it to be so), it ise ocrtainly a groat pity that a seorot of such vanst importanoo, by ahioh no many vahml blo lives eotld be eared overy year, should he in the possession of only one man in the colony, and porhaps the soonor it le disposed of to the government and thus made publio property the botter,'" There is an ominous paragraph in the reports about Ah Suo having ueod up all his ingredients, and a sub. aoriptlon being raised to got him £i to purohuoo moro. ]xooUs Oe PemFAnume cNTO Neaw Soovl WALES,. T?oe foot that numbers o agrliculturslete are orosing over the border from Vlotorla into Now South WValol has boon spoken of in one or more of the Victorian papers. On Thorsday lest, the matter was brought urnlder the notion of the Logislaotive Assombly. On that evening, reports the Argus, Mr. Stowart called the attontion of the minister of lands to the ndvn. tngos given to solootore In Now South Wales, and to the oxodus of formers from Victoria Into that colony and to the desirablonoss of the early Introduction of an amodinog land bill to glve an In?lorousod tre to settlers here. Large numbers of agriculturists were crossing the border into New Sooth Wales, booause the area of land they could takie up hero was too emall for themo, and becauseoo io Now South W?nles they could select 320 aores, and got a grrazing lease over three timos that quantity of lend. In reply, Mr. Caseoy (minister for lands) said he weas aware that a considerable number of persons wore crooeing the border into Now South Waule, but he believed they were not what might be called agricultural settlers, butsimplyeqnatters. ("No.") Thebo area of seleo. lion in New Sooth Wales was only the same as in Victoria, namely, 320 acres; but Now South Wales soleotore wore permitted to tarke up more land under a grazing lieounse. Land, however, taken up under that grazing license could be s'oleoted by anybody olse. The soleotors only had an exclusire right over 320 oacres. The amendingland bill would be introduced as soon as the state of the business por mitted. Tile TUtva Broir Or ?UCle.r,"Y'O ' WLL.-The "claimant" Mauor, whose title to the property of the late Patrick Cody Buokley, has left Wagga WVagga with the intention we believe of assorting his rights to this valuable estate. Several versions of the story of Bunokley's will have gone the rounds of the papers, and the latest is the following, contained in a letter addressed to the editor of the Frooman'e Journal:-I observed in the Empire of July 2ud a paragraph headed as above. I only wish to state, as the next of kin and heir-at-law of the estate, that the whole statement in the said paper is utterly without foundation, as can he proved by many per sons now resident in Virtoria. In the first instanoo, his name was not Patrick Buokley, that was only an assumed name adopted by him in the colony of Vio toria. Both of his parents having died In Ireland previous to his leaving there, he was then adopted by a Mres. Oody, who after the death of bher husband again married a person named Buokloy. His mother did not die in this colony at all she died, as before stated, in the county of Oork, parish of Desert, near Blanden, Ireland, in the year 1823, about two yoeare before he (Patriok Buokloy) loft Ireland for the colonioe. So that it can be plainly ebown that the story of the will is a base fabrication to triolc those rightfully entitled to the estate out of it, if they can. You will greatly oblige by inserting this, as it will show the truth of the case. Anoaecan.-W?odnesday.--A oseam of coal oightooe inohes thick has been struck at a depth of fifty fee on the Ooorong.--Tho mlnisterial policy has not ae yet boon disclosed. There was a political meeting a! the Port last ovoning.-Assays of the gold.boaring stone from the northern territory yielded from twenty to fifty ounces to the ton.-The report of thb Adolaide Marine Insurance Company shows thai during the half.year thebo profit amounts to nearly L£3000 not.-Salos of wheat afloat have boon effeooted at 5s, 9d.; it is steady at 6S. 10d.; flour is dull a0 £13 to £14; country flour, £13 0a,-Tologram to 8. A1. Horald. MLecoenun.-Monday,--A telegram has boon receaived from Mr. Grace, in which he submits the names of the following oricketers, to form a team for Australia: Gentlemen: W. G. Grace, G. V. Graoo, tlornhy, and Bush. Players: Mo Intyro, Hum phrey, Jubb, Lillywhito, and Southeton. Mosers, Yardly, Pinder, Oseoroft, and Applebhy have been asked to naccompany the team. Nothing has yet boeen fionally decided, but it is thought the terms are toe high.--0n the voyage of the Koh.i-noor from Newcasomtle, a ball of fire burst on the dock, Elicaboth Shannon, a married woman residing at Ieotham, administerod laudanum to her four ehildrone, one of whom died. She then out bher own throat, nd it is not lkoly she can recover. The wrotohed woman said she was tired of her lifo. It is behlieved sho was insane. Three of the children are illegitimate. The reason for the committal of this horrible orime appears to be that the woman has boon living some time in the absence of her husband with another man named HIopkins. It was expected every day that her husband would return to Hlotham, and she preferred to terminate her own and her ohildron's existenea than to face him ngain.-Mr. Mtekencie, coal-fiulde oexaminor of New South Walos, Is preparing a report on his recent investigation of the coal localities of Viotoria, which it is liktoly will be ready in a few days.-The Rip relief fund is very sueooesseful. One thousand pounds have boon nubscrlbed, and donatione are stillt boln sent in. Several beneits are announced in aid.-New South Wales fives, 108 and 12. Od1. Bank of Now South Wales shares, £47.-Tueeday.-Tho first report of the direootors of the opera house shows a profit of £1700. No dividend doeclared, but that amount has beeoon written off the preliminary expones,-The Southern Inseuranoe Company has deoolared a dividenoad of 7? per cent.-The inquest on the ehild poisoned by Mrs. Shannon has beoon adjourned. It is doubtful whether the mother gave poison to all four of the childron.-The Stawell mining leases issued by the government have oauced much litigation.--Mlr, and Mrs. Bates, aotor and aotress, and the Emorson Minetrel Troupo, arrived to-day from California, Theo whole of tbo English shipments of Baltio timber advised to arrive have changed hands, and are now hold by one firm.--Flour has beeoon sold in parcels at £13 10s.; Patna rloe, £10 19o. ld. In bond; 600 oases of Ionnesey'e brandy sold at 27s.; eandles are lower; Devoo's oIl, sle. 8jd.; woolpacks, 4e. lid. Wednesday.-Mr. Higlnbotham has given notice that he will propose the introduction of a olause into the Eloetoral Act, giviug the franchioe to all adult femalos.--The government have abandoned the idea of treating the polte force as members of the oevil sorvice.--Hotting on the Metropolitan Stakes and Melbourno Cup is dull. Littile Dick hase boon baokred to win the IMetropolitan to the extent of £1600 at 100 to 7.- The government sent to England for £100 worth of flax-seeood for distribution.-lR, Gibson and Co. report that 1300 cattle wore yarded. Prios are unaltered. Best beef, 27s. Od. per 100 lbs. 14,000 ehooeep penned. The opening of tho sales was brisk at late rates i but olosed dull. We sold Landalo's (Don Iliquin) wothers at 10s--Telegrame to Bydney daily papers. Tei Youvea Peor, o Sosoon,--Wo (the Waggoa Wogga Exproe) learn that the foundatlon-etone of the phbllo school at Young will be laid upon the 18th Auguet, and the Hlon, Hanry Parkcs has ccenooopted the invitation of the board to preside at the ceuromony, Our friends at Young will hold a moot ing on the 24th Instant for the purposo of makling the neoossary arrangements for his recoption, Mer-PT.PlsMoS vNa,.-Som0 fifteen months have easood, says the Matttand lMercury, sinoo operations ogan at the meat- preserving works founded by Meeare, T. Chrlstian and Co., in the nolgbourhood of Four-Mile Crook, between two and three miles from East Maitland. SBlnue then, with one oxooption, when some additions whero being made to the plant, the prooess has boon carriod on unintorruptedly until a few woolks ago, During the last twelve months, aixty-two thousand shaeep and from four to five hundred head of eattle were converted into tlnned meat, a portion of whioh may be soon in the waroe house, some ready for sale or shipment, and undoer going fnlehing touhobes at the hands of the painters and labellors, before beolog brought into the eamo condltlon. Thoe bulk of the produce of.the estab lishmont has boon shipped to England, where sales have boon oeffooted by moans of an agent employed by the proprietors, wihoe has beeoon engaged in br ing in it into use and notice In the various towns throughout the country. This hoas beeoon done with so much saoooso that the brand has come to be inquired for and as hae already been soon, it has reallsed the highesoat price in the marklot.--Tho Bombola Times is informed that the cattle for the Twofold Bay moat. works are now nearly all collected in that distriot and a number of now shares are applied for. Tha proprietors antiolpate but little difloulty in com monoing operations on an early date. The now company will commonce with orders for five hundred ttoieroos of beef for neighbouring colonial marhkets, already placed for delivery at sntisfactory prices, We are informed a lot of the bhoof oured by the presooent proprietors was reooently opened In Hobart 'own, and was found of a very superior quality thoe beof, prlnoipally from the Mobharotta herd, being. pronounoed far bofore that peat up in Sydney, and commanding much higher priooo. A DoIeoer DANONo novUs FanA.,-Somo young scoundrol on Thursday night last about nino o'lloekr attempted a ehameful trlk with the view of fright. oning timorous paesorsa-by, eaye the Wagga Wugga Express, He possesPed himself of a sheeoot and a pair of stilts, and arrayed in the former ho waited be. blnd one of the tree onolosures botwnon Dr, Robin. on's rosldonce and the publio echool the approach of some one upon whom to practioce the effeots of blhs ghostly raiment. Fortunotely for him those ehortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upn his appearanoo one soreamod, but weas sallelcintly selfl-pesoseod to run. The other however holdly etoo her ground, acnd apostrophlsed the ghost woitte so weighty a stone in her hand that e oeloarly proved his fleshy origin by deoolining to come too near, as lio damsel's system of laying' spirits woe not to his taste. If the "ghost mracs a re-appearanca, and there be a partloularly muddy hole in thu violnity, probably some one will se the advis?ble. :sso ol mLxlng suoh spirite with a little wetoer, , cold bath and supple switch to restore the circulation afterwardo, are capital onjuntllve remedies for such frake aso these, of which the results might be very serious to a timid female. MUDneuoUes AeOAULT.-Tho Maitland Mercury of Tuesday states that on Saturday afternoon informa. tion reacohed Senior- sergeant Kerrigan from Mr. p. Green, J.P., that a man was in his oustody at Mount Eeuntly, near Lochinvar, for attempted murder, and requesting that two policemen should be sent out to have the man safely oonfiood in the lookup. Im mediately upon receipt of this information, Bergeant Kerrigan and Mlountod- trooper Gamble started for Mount HIuntly, and on arrival there ascertained the nature of the assault committed. The name of the man in custody is Julius A. Menotory, and the viotim of the outrage is Mr. Walter Groen, son of Mr. Poter Green. The particulars of the outrage, so far as we have boon able to aeoortain, are as follows: slonotery, who is a foreigner, was employed by.Mfr. Green in doing some work, by contract, in connection with his wine-pressing establishmont. On Saturday last, after he had beeoon at work some time, Meoetory initatod a dispute by demurring to certain work he had to perform, alleging tlat it wase not in his agreement; and although Mr. Groeon oifferedrto meet any objection the man might have by paying for any work not in the agreement, Menotory was dissatislled, and in the course of dispute called Mr. Green a liar. Mr. Walter Green, who was standing olose by, upon hearing his father thus addressed, interposed on his behoalf, whereupon the. man attuacked him, and throw him down a cemented underground well or tank, upon the edge of which he was standing. This tank is eleven feeoot deep, twelve feeoot across, and had between eight and nine feet of water in it at the time. As Mr. Green was falling into the tank, Menotory caught hold of him, and jumpod in the water with him. A lifo and death struggle followed in the water. Monotery~, who was the etrongest of the two, kept Mr. Green under the water, and, as alleged, by catching hold of him by the throat nod board, endeavoured to drown him. Neither were able to got out of the well, or tank, and Monotory apnpoared to devote his whole energies to assaulting his victim and keeping him under the water. Mr. Peter Green, unfortunately, was quite unable to render his son any asesistance, owing to hiesleg being broken and having to walk on orutohee. Ho offered his crutch to hise son, but the unfortunate young man could not avail himself of it, being under the water, and prevoented from taling hold of it by Monotory. The situation of affaire was becoming painfully perilous. Mr. Greeoon was loolting at his e ,n being murdered, almost within roaoh of his arm and was utterly powerloess to render help, He coul I have krilled the ruffian with a singlo blow 'of his crutob, but this would probably have involrd the sacrifieoo of his son's life. He could only ory for help, and his crios brought some of his workmen to the scone. Once on risiong to the surface again, however, Mr. W. Groon managed to lay hold of the crutch held out by hise father, and by the aesletanoe of the workmen the rmlan and his intended victim were separated in the wt5.er, just in time to save Mr. Groen's life, and brought to the bank. Mr. Waltar Green was quite oexhausted on being taken out of. the water, and was almost insencibleo Mr. Poter Green had reoeivod some severe wounds on the chest (which was againost the raised brickwork at the edge of the tank) through Monetory, who had hie foot aginst the wallof the tank, tugging violently at Mr. Walter Green while he had hold of his father's orutch. Monetory was at once secured, and Mr. Groon dospatobod a messenger to Seniror-sergeant Kerrigan, who arrivedr shortly before duskc, and took Monetery into canstody, Hes was then escorted into Maitland, and securoly lodged in the lookup at East Maitland, brought up at the temporary court-house, West Maitland, aid charged with having committed an assault with intent to murder. As Mr. Grooeen was unable to: attend, and Bonior-sergeoant Kerrigan was engaged' at a coroner's inquest, prisoner was remanded, on the application of Seaior.constable Maguire, till Thursday next. We heard, yesterday, that' ir.' Peter Greeoon was suffering severely from the wound he had received. A MNcPeoINCET GFPT.-We learn from the Albury papers that Mr. John Gox of Mangoplah has rooently purchased five acres of valuable land in tbhe noigh bourhood of Albury, and has presented the freehold to the Sisaters of Mercy of that town. The price: paid for the land was £~0l. This is certainly a handsome gift, and well bestowed; for thoro are few channels through which the blsoosings of charity flow with more practical effeoot than that which is under the dirootton of those devout ladles.-Wagga Wagga Advertiseor. We never remember a season so bountiful for pe torl purposes, Wherever we turn the eye, graes, meets It-- oeven on the tops of old houses and in theo orovlcos of the streots.and walls of our pastoral town ' grass is to be soon. All Riverina boars an emerald ' grooen, oroopting whore the surfacoe is dotted over, with trees and coppice. The good effooto of, th. season are visible on the bullooks and horses passing, in drays and waggone from Vlotoria to the intended shearingoshede of Rivorina for the forthcoming wool elip. Those oattle are now generally in good order,"' and look fit for work, and as the clip is reported far above the avorage, thore is work onough in etore for' them.-Pastoral Times. 