CHAPTER XXIII. A GHOST. Sure these are but imaginary wiles. And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here. -Shakespeare. " You haü better go away for a day or two, Noel » all this worry unfits you entirely for business." So spoke Jfr. Cameron to his son-in-law, the day after the strange lady had called in the mistaken way i aDout tue House Made ine s illness continued, and N oel was looking so dispirited that, despite the ris- ing suspicion in his heart, the banker felt for him ' Maddy is quite safe," he said, and the boy well cared for, take a couple of da} s, and l,o and see the Inverness people and their safes l)r Alexander thinks there is no danger, and that there will be no change for several da}s" " My life is growiDg very bitter," said the }Oung man, 6adl} " Clouds of ouspicion and distrust seem to be rising ever} where around me h\ en } ou have some feeling I cannot fathom io your heart concern- ing me " " It is what I cannot fathom either, Noel," the banker replied, with a sigh ' We seem to be living in an atmosphere of mysteries and concealments I pra} Heaven day and night that they may clear, and leav e a bnght sunshine before long " Noel had no answer to make He guessed the nature of his father in law's susp cions, and be could not clear them awaj " I will go, sir," he said, " and I will ask Heaven m my pra} ers to teach me not to wish any ill to you and }our daughter All the trouble and anno}ance which have come upon you lately seem, most un- wittingly on my part, to have been of my bring ng " ' Not so, my bo} H e seem to have brought trouble to you Don t talk so .Remember Maddy is } our wife " " I don t wish to forget it sir I love her with my whole he irt, but this miserable state of things makes me wretched, I vail go away. My staying near my wife ont} serves to make her worse " He went, and Mr Cimeron Bet himself to watch, sadlv enough, the progress of bis daughter's illness As Noel had said, his presence did seem to make her worse With his departure she appeared to grow quieter, if not really better The morning after Iub son-in-law left, Mr- Cameron was m his daughter's room turning the leav es of a n0 w book " Where is Mrs Koehampton's paper knife ?" he asked tbenur=e, who was also there wilh toe infant ' In her davenport," she answered. " Is it locked c" " I think not " He went to Madeline's sitting room on the ground floor to look for it, and opened the prett} inlaid davenport which it had been his pleasure to select for her when her house was in process of furnishing Not that Madeline was very liter«}- she was not m the habit of keeping ponderous diane« orrecording her thoughts m voluminous sheets of foolscap, but she hada woman's fane} forfeminme correspondence, and she found full employment for the dainty tinted note paper and exquisite pearl and ivory penholders, with which her pet article of furniture was stocked As the servant had said, it was unlocked Her mistress bad no secrets, and her father and husband were free of her most chenshed nooks and corners Archibald CameronJ gazed rather sadly at all the little pretti nesses treasured up in Madeline's desk Somehow it seemed as though her marriage had been a mistake, and that the bright happiness of the brief time was coming to an end. Little mementoes of almost every period of his daughter's life, except one, were here There was nothing to tell of the time of her infatuation for the groom, John Simpson. She seemed to have deter- mined to blot out that part of her existence alto- gether. She did not know even that he had another name "Better so," the banker said to himself, as he turned over the contents of the desk m search of what he wanted " The love was not lasting. It died with the discovery of his worthlessness " Noel's letters to her, a lock of soft down, cut from her baby's head, his own cart« and her hus- band's (special copies in a morocco case), bundles of notes from dearest friends, all as sentimental and as pretty as the paper they were written on, or the ribbon that tied them, fanciful articles of writing table gear, as useless as they were expensive, were all there in confusion The desk was curiously un- tidy , even for Madeline, who was never remarkable for orderly precision about her belonging! ' Careless girl," he said to himself " I do believe this spring is broken " The concealing front of a set of secret drawers were bulging out, as if not properly put in, and he touched the spring and released it One of the drawers was partially open, and he drew it out to put whatever caused the mischief properly in its place It was a small parcel, by no means too large tor the drawer, but carele»slj pushed in " What can she be hiding here ?" he thought, and a line on the outside caught his eye It was Noel Eoehampton's handwriting, round and clear-he knew it in a moment ' To be destroyed when opportunity presents " Destroyed ! What could it be that the young couple wanted destroyed9 It was not papers, except a thin piece on the outside, there was none in it It was soft and small, with something round in the middle It was not sealed and fastened, and he felt as though he must open it Better he had let it alone- better his fingers had never closed upon such a tell-tale picket, for there dropped from it a small round object, which fell to the ground and lay there glittering as if it would speak trumpet tongued of Noel Koehampton's complicity with thieves and their doings The banksr sat staring at it, feeling as if his senses were leaving him-as if every scintillating flash from the many-coloured gems upon it burned upon his brain with a fiery dart, for it was one of the snake-headed pins pre- sented to the Countess of Haughton by the Sultan of Turkey at Constantinople There it laj, the coiled s°rpent that was to bring misery to him and his, flashing and glittering as if the jewels bad never known the touch of any hands save those of purity and goodness He picked it up The gold pin had been broken short off at the top, for convenience doubtless, and be laid it in the desk and shut the lid, as though the very light of day would proclaim his son-in-law's guilt to all the world. The paper, and whatever else it contained, lay unheeded on his knee, and he took it up to put it back. The other enclosure was the missing cuff, with the tell- tale Lion of St. Hark among the fanciful tracing of the lace The banker sought for the newspaper, and found it among a pile laid away on a side table. Very carefully he compared the description and the articles, there could be no mistake, and he folded the pin and the cuff in the sheet which de- scribed them so minutely, and returned to his daughter's bedside with a face which looked as if ten yars had passed over him in the few minutes he had been away. " How much does she know ?" be asked himself, as he gazed on her sleeping face " All, I fear me, or teey would not have basn there " He had the paper hidden in his breast till he should go home, and it felt like a lump of lead as it lay thors. " We must part," he said " The fortunes of the old name must not be in a thiefs keeping Maddy must choose between her busband and an honest home, and he trust choose between exposure aud exile I cannot keep his secret if he remains in England ' the first da} of Noel's iibspnce passed weanl} enough, and when night came Mr Camelon went to his own house and locked up what he had found in his own safe Madeline was better, she had been able to talk to her father, and seemed relieved that her husband was »w«j Mr Cameron strove to concentrate his mind on his own business, which just then was remarkably flourishing A large sum of money in notes and gold had been received that da} for bank purposes, and before he went to bed he tried to occup} his mind with going over the letters and documents re- ceived with it, which he had had brought to his house It was of no use , the thought of the parcel he had locked away came uppermost in his mind continu all}, and he retired to rest, to sleep an uneas} sleep til he was suddenl} roused before da} break to speak to the bank manager, who lived on the premises at Sauchiehall Street. "Bung Mr M Donald up," he said to the sleep} sprvnnt who knocked at his door, very much alarmed at the unwounted occasion of news from the bank at that hour ' Is it fire '" For that there was something wrong, to bnng the worthy manager out of bed, he was sure " He did not sa}, sir " " Well, bring him up " Mr. M'Donald seemed very much flurned He was an old-fashioned, simple-hearted man, country bred, and retaining most of his unsophisticated country ways, but with a keen head for business, and a sharp e} e for mistakes and shortcomings on the part of his juniors in the office Mr Cameron sat hastily up in bed and looked at lum. " What is it ?" he asked " An} thing wrong ?" " I don't know, sir. I c ime here to see." " To see ' What do } ou mean ?" j " Mr Koehampton, sir Did be go ?" I " Of course he did "i ou know that." I "Then something has happened to him-he is dead." " Dead '" " Tes. Mr Cameron thought his usually sedate manager had taken lea\ e of his senses, and began to wonder whether he was git en to secret drinking bouts, of which this visit was the fruit Certainly he looked wild enough to fat our such a supposition. "Wh8t on earth do j ou mean, M'Donald?" he asked. " What have you heard '" " Nothing. "Then, how do you know?" " I saw him." "Saw who?" " Mr. Roehampton." " Where ?" " At the bank." "When?" " Not an hour ago " Mr. Cameron looked at his watch. It pointed to a quarter past five, and the dawn was just beginning to break He had seen his son-in-law off by the train, and had received a business telegram from him relating to some money matters, forgotten when he started from a station on the road. He certainly bad had time to get back from there, but what motive he could have for doing so Mr. Cameron could not imagine. '. Tell me wheie you saw him, and when," he said to his manager. " You must bave mistaken some one else for him." " No. I didn't. I spoke to him-called him by his name, and he just looked up and said, " It's all right, M'Donald," in his easy, off-hand sort of way. It was not himself, sir, but his ghost I saw. You will hear something before munj hours are over jour head" " Nonsease. I don't believe in ghosts, but tell me all about it." And Mr M'Donald went on to relate how he and his gudewife, as he called his comfortable old bet- ter-half, had gone to bed as usual, after seeing all safe, and had been awakened by hearing a pass key inserted m the lock of the front door. Both part- ners had kejs, and the lock, being a Bramah, would yield to no others, so they alwajs left it unbolted tor convenience sake. But Mr. M'Donald waa a prudent man, and hastily donning sufficient attire to preserve the proprieties, went down stairs with the bank lamp m his hand, to see who the intruder might be. To his intense as- tonishment he confronted Noel Roehampton, stoop- ing down at the door of the strong-room, and appa- rently poking in the key hole 1 Startled bejond measure, he let his lamp fall, and than perceived that Noel had a faint light with bim, carried apparently under his coat " Mr. Roehampton ! Sir '" he exclaimed, in amazement. ' Do you want anything'" " All right, old boy," was the careless reply, and Mr. M'Donald wondered if his employer had been drinking, the voice and manner were so unlike his own. " But, sir," he began-but at the instant the light which Noel carried either went out, or was put out, and he heard the door siam, and found he was alonä. After csrefuhj looking to see that everything was safe, and that the intruder, ghost or mortal, had done no harm, he called up the porter to watch the premises, and made his way to Dal- housie Crescent, to relate his experience to Mr. Cameron. "You need not hate set Wilson to watch," Mr. Cameron said, " nothing more will be done to- night It was no ghost-ghosts don't siam doors, or talk in that way , it was a reconnoitring visit. We shall be robbed, M'Donald, if we doi?t look out" " But Mr. Roehampton wouldd't rob us, sir. I thought-I beg pardon for hinting such a thing, sir -that he had been drinking, his manner was con- fused." " What had he on ?" " The same dress he went away in, sir, striped neck- tie and all. I'm afraid we shall hear that something has happened Mr. Cameron. I see you think so, too, sir ; my story has alarmed you." " Your coming here has. as for the rest, I don't believe in ghosts, as I said. Depend upon it, Mr. Roehampton will be able to explain his presence when he returns." " I hope he may, sir, it had an awkward look, his being there at four in the morning, or there- abouts." He bade his employer good morning, and Mr Cameron rose and dressed, wishing (oh, howbeartily I) that Noel Roehampton had never crossed his or his daughter's path. He remembered, now that all those strange things were happening, that the man of whom he hardly dared to think, of whose death he held such ample proof, had never been seen bj anj one save when his son-in-law was at hand. Little by little a whole string of facts linked themselves to- gether in his mind, proving to him indisputably that the apparently two men were one, and letting the light into what seemed such a depth of crime that be stood aghast at the revelation. " He must come back, and I will sift this matter to the bottom," he said to himself, "and he must go -I cannot bear it." As early as possible he telegraphed to the address Noel went to in Aberdeen, and in two hours received a reply from the head of the firm, saying that Mr. Roehampton had not arrived. He had telegraphed to them from Stirling to the effect that he would be with them in the evening, but nothing had been seen or heard of him 