MISCELLANEOUS. : Ho' L TIUE MOrmL -,Ono daywhen we were in New. York, I turried into the fifth Avenue Hotel, on the prowl for smethirig fdriny iuier mani auid fdeling 'tio gregarious instinct strong uppon te, wont and sat do n by the only other occupant of the saloon, a long cadaveroisYankee,. just that sort-that Tenniel always puts into his cartoons, with stripy trousers and a starry shirt, to. typify Cousin Jonathan. I'hl.d come across a good many strange vegetablps since we lahded in the Statgs, but a dish of reddish..iomethin.i which'my iaunt nei.hbour 'was'devouring with apparent relish; striiuck me at once as a ndbvlty: i "May I ask what they are 1' "Red poeppers-try. themrn.,'. ;Inhocehtly I accepted the invitation, and the moment I bit one of the things, folt-how shall I des cribe the sensation !-well, as if a red hot polkci had been laid on my tonguo. Luckily just before screaminrout I caught the eye of my cadaverous enemy fixed upon toe a"th a qlueer, amused, and half-malicious look, that told its tale in a moment:. He was hent on teaching the bhenihted Bnttshera lesson, aiid it' as the beinghted Britisher's bounden duty to refuse him that satisfaction: -So, by a severe muscular 'effort. I saringled all 'outwanrlfacial signs of' pain, and slowly chewed my agonising, mouthful before my torturer's eyes till it was fairly, swallowed. At last he said. rather impatiently, "Hhrw do you find the peppers, Sir ' '" , little warm," I ans1iered,=Iamly'; "hut (forgive mo tho.:flb !) a io:skind of vegetable, de cidedly." "You needn't bo afraid of the next world, then. ' he jerked out, arid though evidently disappointed, ` treated me with de cided respect from that moment.--',' A 'eek in the 'Vea.," by T'. Hughis, in tfacmillan's Ida2azine. IlenoIc .DISolrLINE.-It was thd burning of the Birkenhead at sea, far from any help or hope, that the most glorious proof of man hood add discipline eover 'furnished, oven by the British soldier,. was afforded.' In 185l2 the Birkenhead, with drafts on board from nine different regiments, caught firo'upon the high soas. ;When the fire could be fouglht no longer,"and the only chance left was to save 124 women-and, children, 'the officers commanaing .dicw.npup their men as if on paiado; and thoen "at attention," still as the death that was coming, true as thedsteel I of their weapons, the 'pendid fellows stiod, shoulder to shoulder, without a ruovemennt or a murmur; so standing saw the boats shove off, and went down with the ungulfed vessel. :It was .apiece of pure and exalted manhood, which as so much above the ox. citbment of battles, that . Waterloo, the Alma, and Inkermann are almost vulgar memories bisido ithat beautiful in'stance of duty and fearlessnossr of:death., The rogi mants whiph contributed men to so Galourous end'Christian a batallon weoid the, l2tl iiri cor, and the 2nd, 6Jtb, 43rd, 45th, 60th,' a.rt?i Me, td re ar.wflit oy su-?,t Mrt .Lhe.o iý ik? h e xa ýrn ifte ebsia, . wertt en nt o tl oa with.; "ss slats tiruanp4di. ,koe bulshn . a nd rf fon When t we wn t espii ueaigrae. tda? y in bsdiary oidier cgoanerors o deith him. Te., not coning alimb, firm,?stEdy,' and satisfied,. saine theies iae' only room. fx'the little ones and the women iii?the boats, and the word of comwmand had f assl e,t, Stand still and die,like Englishmen." 'Ay and wher thia story was made public, it went into other generIal orders besides our own. the then niog of Pras.si comma nded that it should be read out'at the heid of everfy co'rpanly h if4h P russian army; and stout Berliners and Pomeranlans, who could' havre sworn, awith many a gottaranl oath, that they themselves were as good as the best at fghting, uttered an admiring "ACch Him melt!" and gave the drowned t Englanders " a cheer of thunder for the sake of that matchless act; of. good 'dis:ipline-F onm P.pu'ar terturer foriheMJla;ie Lca ern. " " DsslrE ssr Poxepu.--The. .Pomperian e diners isnally r honprise three courses. The o first c?nsists of eggs,olives: 'salad, pio"les, Ii e.; the easond of made dishes, fish, and a rosts ;'the third of pasutr; confectionerS', and fruits." From-apaintin, disnrered: in Poinpeii L .we have the represint& tion oaf :largefeast it those di~ s. An iam menwe dish containing for pea~ookis stood in the centre of the table, surrounded by a lobsters,.one.holdinfa blceegg in its claws, a another a stuffed rat, another arSto?yter, an. the fourth a'basketfnl of grasshoppers. ,At the bottom of the table were four, dishes of i fish, and above-them partridges, '"bares, and sqairrels, each holding its head between'its pa c Thirs as all, enircled by a sort of re?rman sansag., apparently; and then came a row. of yolks of 'eggs a row '6f peaches, melons, and cherries;' andilastly,:a row. of vegetables of different satsa.-Fo.iJ urr "1.' A B.LED Le)O;ICIAs'.-An ahieddete. of Mr Webster comas from a.correspo?dent at r Galvaston, Texas, who writes as followrs:- In leaking over" ae o d' notebook of my fathers a written masy years a:o, I cams across an anecdote, which, 'if it 'has never appeared in print before, is too good to be lost. While JohnmBranch, "of".North Card. ling, was General Jackson's S 'eretary of the. Navy,, he, Tazewell, and Daniel We ster were walkia on the north bank 'of the Potoman, at Washington, Tasewell willing to' amass himself with Branch's' simlicity, said, "Branch, I ll bt you a tn-dollar.hat,:that I can prove that you are on the tiler sidl of. the river. ' ' "Done," said Branct' " Wall," said Taiswell, pointing to the opposite shore, I " isn't that one side of the river ' "Yes'.' "Well, isn't this the other, side. =. ",Yes." "Then, as you'are here, are po nt oo 'thd' other side ?' " Why, Iddool'e,r:. said'poor Branch. "s it is.'? .Bat here omes Webster. I'll ihn bhok the hat froai him.' Webster hadliagged behihd,, but inew came up, and Branch aecosted him-".Webster, Ill be. you a tena-dollar hat that I caa.prove that you are 'on the 'ther side of theriver."1 d "Done.'", "'\Well, isnt' this oneside ?' "Yes," '. Well, isn't that, the other :aide'~! "Yea, but I On noto dthat 'side." Branch e hung his heady andsabmitted-.to the loss bf the two hatsas quietly.,as he could= S"Editfr's rarwe r,"'iT iorper's ,tewrMontldI r jlgatcine. : 0 When' do:'btchebrse rob themselves? d When they steel (steal) their own knivesd S"'Wiy should a man never marry . a a woman nagieIt'Ellen? 1Because by aio Sdoing he ringa.his own (k) nell, d Why is. a coach going .down a steep d hill like St George : Beca;se it is always f diawn, with:a arig' on. o \Vy was ltHamlet so onoragesus in id dressing his father's ghost" Bocslsi he' a was-nut pa'rtiduiar tosa ha de . -. Why.i?b asolar :eclipse like 'a woima Swhipping her boy.? Because it's a hiling Id of the sun-. 