LONDON GOSSIP. [BY OUR LADY CORRESPONDENT]. Tm: Fund collected fur tho shipwrecked pas- sengers of thc Noi'thllo'jt," has provided amply for thu pecuniary evil« suffered hy thu jioor people, mul Mrs. Knowles, thc Captain's wiilniv, lias obtained a pension of toll per aumin) from tho Civil l>iat, as we"- a1* other donations, A strange and terrible "story of the sea" has just been reported. An American vessel, the " Mary Celeste," was found drift- ing about at sea; not a living creature was in her, but there were evidences that a lady and child had been on board, and blood was dis- covered on the rails of the quarter-deck. Mutiny and murder, of course, are surmised, and subsequent desertion by the crew. What materials for romance reality continually presents us with ! Wo aro told that tl* Polonaises are going out and plain gored shills, trimmed rn la/itirr up the front only n c worn. Experience, however, shows this ii '¡"t yet the casu. I confess 1 should bo dorry if that prettiest of all fashions, the Polmaise, was to be abolished. I saw thc other day, an exquisite toilette of a grey cash- mere Polonaise »vor a velvet skirt of tho saine colour, thu Polonaise rn Prinenir, cut in deep vandykes at thc edge, embroidery at each point. For very early murnini; wear, a plain round skirt is worn of grey or dark cloth, with pockets and huttons down the front ; with this, a double-breasted jacket is made with revers ; this is a comfortable, convenient dross. A costume of tho colour vert tie ff ris cashmere 1 have also seen, made with kilted llounces, and above cross bauds (very wide) of faille, a shade one degree darker than thc caslunerc. A princesse polonaise is worn with this with cross hands of faille, which form also thc collar and ivtw* of the body. Hall dresses aro worn mostly of wliitc, though of course colours arc often seen. Very small tunics of expensive lace arc worn ; thc back breadths of the skirt arc trimmed with small llounces up to tlio waist. Jackets and mantles for spring are already out. These arc made either of cloth or Sicilienne, and match thc silk dress with which they are worn. Tile Louis XV. hunting jacket will be a favourite shape, lt fastens on thc side with a quantity of stool huttons. Children's fashions arc now of groat importance ; wc no longer dress them like men and women. They have a style of their own. Par exemple, young girls in their teens wear dress skirts, which reach only to their ancles; sometimes thc skirt is cntircy kilt, plaited. .Short upper skirts, with apron fronts, and jockey basques com- plete such dresses. »Sleeveless basques I of velveteen arc worn with dark brown or' olive costumes of cashmere. For dressy occasions, a polonaise worn over a kilted skirt is usual. Sailor costumes for young girls arc no longer made in blue flannel only, but also in black or grey flaimol. Thc IOOBC Bailor blouse is brightened well with scarlet trimmings and a sash of scarlet. Tyrolienne hats arc uni fancy dresses nave been quite the rage in 1/ondou society. Little vivandières, French marquises, butterflies, fish wives, anil gipsies have been all pourtrayed by children. This pretty fashion makes a child s ball look a most vcrsally worn bi lggirls. At juvenile balls sparkling brilliant; scone. Fur-robes for the skating season, and for sleighing, arc very universally worn ; furs, resembling seal skin, lined with scarlet, prevail ; dark furs, as a rule, are worn most. Fur, now a days, is a badge of aristocracy, for middle-class folks cannot very readily procure them ; they arc too expensive-even imitations. Tire hair con- tinues to bc worn . high ; for demi-toilettc, tortoise-shell coronets are worn ; for full-dress thu high comb universally prevails. Slr. iiofamt, thccelebratedwriter, isdead. He was a branch, of the tiheridan family, and inherited their genius. As a sensational writer, his novels arc much sought after, lie resided in Dublin, and was connected with some of tho Irish periodicals. Really good writing is not so universal, that wc can afford t i lose our best writers. Mr. Lcfauu wos only fifty-eight years old. It occurs to mc (apropos of writers) as a very odd thing, that with all thu modern efforts made 'by the parfcizans of women, to equalise the sexes, women's work is still (even of thc highest order) paid in less proportion than that of men of equal attain- ments. I wiU quote a case in point, "George Elliot," a writer, who, despite her «ont de plume, is well known by us all to be actually of thc feminine gender, and whoso works rank higher than any present male writer wc have-has been paid Í8OIJ0 for " Middlcmarch," a sum which, some writer in a contemporary tells us, is thc ldghcst ever paid to n female writer. It will probably take some generations ore even a writer of thc opposite sex can produce books like "Adam Bede," "Romola," and "Middle march." lt seems, hail George Elliot boen a man, she might have com- manded a much higher price tor thc efforts of her powerful intellect, nut being n woman she can only command the highest sum ever Ípven to a woman ; thc inference being, tlicrc ore, that on account of thc inferiority of Miss Evans's sex, her publishers have deducted from tho pecuniar}' honorarium duo tu her sun)assiiig genius. Arabella Goddard has played her farewell performance nt thc Monday 1'opular <Joucerts, this clever pianist being about to depart for Australia. Madame .Schumann has also come to visit us, .ind her performance was hoard with as much delight ns ever, so I do not know about tho truth nf thc story I reported in my last about her deafness, for assuredly your correspondent could diseover no trace oi such au infirmity in Madame .Schumann's playing. Thc weather has been interfering sadly with thc vocalists. Almost every con- cert one goes to some artist is hors de coinhaf, generally, bc it observed, thc most dis- tinguished nerformcrs-Sims Reaves to wit, j who has again boen attacked with rheumatism. These north-east winds ought to be laid under an injunction. A great innovation in our Church service will take place at EaBter at St. Tani's Cathedral. The Litany will bo omitted in tile morning service, and, with an anthem, Mid prayers will bo substituted for thc after- noon service. 1 think it au error to omit so fine a portion of thc morning service ; some other excision had better have been made. Al last there is a slight reform in railway oarrlagcs. Sleeping compartments have boen adopted by the Midland Company ¡ but these will bc availauloonly for the wealthy classes, so high arc thc fares charged. Among thc curions sights of liondon, what think you of calls carrying open sacks of lumps of gold and gold dust. You can sec tliiB any day-ouly for 170M you must read cont, which is beelining worth its weight in the precious metal. This unforeseen riso in price is unprecedented, and many a pour hearth is fireless in England, while even thc wealthy groan over thc lírico of coal-nil of which shows tlie lolly of a nation de]lending entirely on any ningle article of consump- tion. We liavc no substitute for this precious i commodity, no abundance of wood, or of turf. We hear of a fuel company, hut that may i pussihly lie in working omer by the time coals ¡ are reduced in cost. Everybody agrees that something may be done, but un one can guess what that something can bc. Thc coal strike has inflicted more distress on our English homos than did the strike of gas stokers. Death has been busy among thc young and . fair artistes nf our theatres, and, amidst J others, we have lost Miss Maria lt. Jones, who I recently, you know, played thc part of "Ellen Douglas" in thc "Lady of thc Lake." She died of acute ihenmatism. Miss .loues w.is married tu a gentleman late of the anny, and has left ono little boy of eight months old to miss her ; she was only twenty-seven. Thc new piece, which is expected to bo a tremendous success, the "Cataract of thc <¡auges," is thus left without a lieroinc. Miss Tnriado is named as tbc lady who is likely tu (ill thc vacuum thus created. Miss M. ll. Jones was a very (inc woman, and her portrait was everywhere to be seen in thu sliops of Ijondon. Thc weather here has been most severe, and thc I'arks present rather a dismal appearance, Sur tho Mack north-east winda deter our beaux nu<l liclliM fruin rilling in tile Kow, ami I ouitc \ long for April to soo that famousrideoneo more j ¡nail its glory, iler Majesty Queen Victoria hut retnrncil to 'Windsor with thc young Trinco ami Trincos» ami with thc court ami establish- ! incut. Karly as itis, everyone is busily prcpar- j ing for thc season of 1873. I hope to havo a budget of gossip for yon in my next. Mardi I.', 187ÍÍ. IThc Pope i» íilnKtt tn add another Saint tn tlc Calendar. Mary Stuart is thu deceased personage on whose memory this doubtful honour is about to he conferred. This is sure to lo-opeii thc controversy about Mary's guilt or innocence, already os it stands a "very Iiretty cjuarrel," but one which in these times will bc pursued to thc very utmost. A/iro/ws to Catholic Princes, King Amadeus of Spain, who now, you know, ligures in thc list <>f " Monarchs retired from business," was so much afraid of his Queen's opposition to his resignation of thc Crown of Spain, that he waited till her accouchement prevented her active interference. During; that period tho King examined the Queens accounts, and found that thc vast fortune shu had brought bim as ber dowry was seriously undermined by th«! expenditure required to keep np their state, ami even household expensus ; KO, in terror of positive bankruptcy, he hastened his abdication. When site became aware of thc imjicnding necessity, however, thc Queen would have gone ou, regardless of ultimate ruin, but shu was too weak and ill to persist. All her lifo, thc dream of this Princess had been te become a Queen or Empress. When a girl nt thc convent nf the nacre Oeurat Paris, she hail beheld the Empress Eugenic taking part in the splendid pageantries of thc Empire-and then and there »ho hail resolved that slic too would bear thc regal dignity. " Why nut, pray," she said to thc good and pious mum of her convent, " Eugenie was but a little Spanish Countess." Her dream Avas realised. She has been a ! Queen, and enjoyed thc happiness of knowing that shu could not venture out of her own palace, without the chance of assassination for lier husband, and herself,-yet she ceases nut to mourn thc downfall of all ber hopes. Our Queen has already bold a Court at Bucking- ham Palace-of course thc attendance was not very groot, so early as it is. By .thc way, the absence of certain elevated personages from all public and private entertainments, is much commented ou in high lifo. Tho on dilt aud canard« regarding this strango fact arc numerous-some averring that thc illustrious pair had parted and that thc lady has retired into a religious Sisterhood. I am quito sure these reports arc totally devoid of all founda- tion, but it serves to show what things scandalmongers will say on thc slightest foundation. Thc scandal scene in Sheridan's comedy, may (ind its prototype in many a llclgraviau drawing-room nf to-day. Those who arc of tho highest rank, have to pay thc penalty for their elevation. All good house- wives learn that we in England are beginning to rival America in our domestic machinery. Servants arc so bad and inefficient, that thc saving of lalmur is a great consideration, hence wc have a "carpet sweeper," tho "Champion," which swoops your carpet quite clean, and picks up thc pins ; "a pin a day you know is " a groat a year. " Then we have a boot clcauiug machine which is really a great boon. Wc have washing niacliiucs and box mangles, an ironing machino, window cleaners, and a capital bread-making machine, ("Edward's l'atout," hy which your bread is made with- out moro troablc dian merely putting thc Hour and water into thc trough and turning thc handle. With all these aids, one domestic in a moderate household ought to get through i her work. The question is-Will she ? The remains of the Emperor Napoleon are | abone to lie received in a mortuary chapel, which will shortly bo bir't under the Em- press's supervision, lt will bc erected in thc medieval style, 14th century period. Our Queen makes a gift of a tomb to thc Emperor. lt will bc of polished Aberdeen granite, with the simple inscription, "Napoleon III., I!.1.1'." A private entrance will admit tho Empress at ber pleasure. Thc young Prince, her son, is now spending his vacation at Chislehurst, mid as he passes much of Iiis leisure nt Windsor, busy people are already speculating on thc chancos of au alliance between Louis Napoleon and our youthful Princess Beatrice. Somewhat iniprobahlc such au event, I should think. I have forgotten to toll you that Lady Charles Kerr, who met with such a terrible accident in thc hunting field, has quite recovered, even to ber eyesight, which was supposed hopelessly lost. Tho daughter of an eminent Bisbopalittlc while since was seriously injured while engaged in tho same unfeminine pursuit. She is uardry yet out of danger. Thc last days of thc Carnival have heén celebrated at Paris. A-dreary festival it has been this year. A distinguished lady, thc Princess Lcouhctzkcr, is about to make au amateur delittf, on thc stage of thc Theatre des Italiens. She is to sing in " Lucretia Horgia" fur thc lieucfit of the poor. And now, you will ask, what is most likely to be worn iii thc fast-coining spring *-a ipies timi »ot easy to bc answered. Arc polonaises to bc abandoned ? I hope not. Thc Dolman for out-door is very much in vogue, and with long scarf cuds and a hood, will probably bc greatly worn ; but Fashion delights in variety. I A cape will jhc worn with tho polonaises. I These capes, or pelerines, made in jct, look very well, mid skirts will ho (oV rigueur) only walking length. Odours arc all of soft unde- cided shades-sickly hues, 1 call them, but mixed with full colours, they form good con- trasts. Hibbens have a novelty ; they arc double- faced-viz., one side black, and tho other blue. Costumes arc made mostly of cashmere for promenade, or house ¡ for full dress, brocaded'silks are universal-every material, indeed, is now brocaded. There is a new kind of stuff, very inexpensive, brocaded, and which really íniirht íiass for silk, unless examined very narrowly. Bonnets nre ugly, except when worn hy very beautiful and disfmjnf women, who make anything become them ; but thc days of " pretty bonnets" arc gone apparently, like every pretty thing. Thc llabagcs (modified) is thc best shape. ?Tust now the town is in a ferment, by reason of a new burlesque which lately came out at thc Court Theatre, Chelsea, which is limier thc management of Miss Litton. Thc bur- lesque had been road and licensed by thc Lud Oliambcrlain. It was written by Messrs. Tomline and A'Bcckctt, and was a parody on Mr. Hilbert's play of "Thc Wicked World," acted at thc Haymarket Theatre. Wien thc " Happy Land '' was performed for thc first time, to a crowded and fashionable audience, roars of laughter erected thc representation, lt was found to bc one of thc most brilliant and flaring satires ever presented on our stage of high political personages and their doings. The three principal actors were so perfectly " made up to represent 'members of thc niluiiuislratiou, that want of recognition would have been impossible. Hoy al ty wont, and enjoyed thc joke amazingly, if one might judge hy the loud "guffaws" issuing every moulent from thc box of thc Prince of Wales. Lastly, 1 believe, ljiird Sidney (thc l.oid Chamberlain 'himself wcut, aud after au indignant avowal that thc piece luul been niter» d after it had left his I jorilship's office (which most probably it had), bc revoked thc license, though the fair manageress promised to alter thc offending "make up" of thc three performers, and to excise the offending lines, lint for a night the doors of thc Court Theatre bad to be closed. The pieeo is now resumed, 1 believe, but shorn of its mirth provoking qualities. It has been a rich treat for the town to see Mr. loadstone, Mr. Lowe, and Mr. Ayrtnli, dancing can- cans, singing alisun! songs with chomsses, and bursting into Highland flings, lt would, I do believe, have caused her moHt gracions Majesty hci-sclf to have laughed heartily, sup- posing thc Queen again tn visit a theatre, which «if course she never will. Could it but have gone on sub rosa, it would have made thc fortune of the management. Thc " I 'ataract " bas caused Drury Laue t*i overflow, not with water, hut with crowded audiences. AU who played in thc piece fifty years ago, arc dead and gone, save Benjamin Webster; who, when thc niece first came out, played a very «niall part ; now, an an old man, he play» one of thc jchief parts, ami is tho Acknowledged head of his profession. Wc have a new feature in our London life ; Mr. Carlin, a l/mdon^lrssionary, conceived tho idea of presenting by means of dissolving views shown in the open air, on Clurkcuwell (¡reen, thc chief scenes in Scrip- ture history ; this he successfully accomplished amidst a dense crowd if attentive beholders. A lecture accompanied thc exhibition, hut this was not well heard ; it may howevor, bc made nu important means nf teaching thc multitude. Wt- are daily hiBuig our divines ami scholars. Dr. Guthrie is dead : .lie was au eminent preacher and writer, like Dr. McLeod ¡both were great favourites with the Queen. Every one is curious to see thc operatic programme for the season of 1873. Arc wc to have the usual state repertoires, viz :-A succession of "Somnámbulas," "Normas," "Martas," "Lucrczias," - charming at intervals, but suggestive latterly of the old story of toujours prritrir. A mixed diet would be beneficial a piree de resistance of Wagner for instance, just to sec how wc like it. Apropos Adelina Patti, at her benefit, in St. l'etcrsburgh, hod a couronne of diamonds thrown to her, value £1400. They can hardly part with her. March 21,1873. 