MARY AND IDOLATRY. As the month of May. is Mary's month, after the manner of the pagans of old, who devoted that month to then goddess Maia, we have been giving extracts from Romish writers to prove that the practice is a heathen one. We ask our readers to turn back to the last issues and read again the extracts referred to. They will satisfy any candid person that the worship ox- devotion which is given to Mary during the month of May is, mutatis mutandis, precisely the heathen idolatry of old to the goddess Maia, under Christian names. Cardinal Cullen has approved of the writers referred to and their works ; and priests have beeix busy in gathering up all the inflated and pagan reminiscences of the Continent, and translating them into English for the purpose of making their Mary worship as pleasing and imposing as possible. One priest, to whom we re ferred in our last and quoted his words, " verging on the eloquent," gave as a very convincing reason why May should be devoted to Mary, viz., " because on that month the flowers and the trees put on their green, and all nature seems to be revived ; because it is the month' of reviving life after the deadness of Winter, and beauty and fi'uitfulness and warmth come back again !" How striking' ! Such is priestly reasoning and teaching ! But the pi-iest who talked such balderdash never reflected that " Ireland and beautiful Italy " are not the whole vox-Id ; that they are iix one hemisphere, and Sydney is ixx another ; axxd therefox-e that all the .poetry of openixxg flowers and reviving life which seems ixi Ireland to be a reason why May should be devoted to Mary, becomes ludicrous in Sydney ; for here May is the begixxning of oxxr xvinter season, wlxexx the flowers decay and the grass loses its vei-dure, and all life in the field seems to droop and die ! Will the Axxstralian px-iests sxxbstitixte Axigust — the fix-st month of summer in this neAv world — fox- May as Mary's month ! and then, Iioav suitable that August should become " Augusta " because " our Lady " is the most ." august of Avomen !" Bxxt Avliat we Avish just iioav is to poixxt oxxt the sort of dexution which is given to Mary ; Iioav she is worshipped ; how as a goddess she has assumed the place of axxciexxt Maia ; Iioav /the church teaches the people to trust in Mary ; aixd Ixoav, therefore, the Romish Cliux-ch is as guilty of idolatry as it Avas ever possible for pagans or heathens to commit that crime. / . She has beexx declared to lxaxrc been £t immaculate," box-n "xvitliout sin," as Jesus Avas ; separate from sinners as Jesus Avas ; Avithout oxxe stain of guilt ; im- , maculately holy fx-om lxer coxxceptioxx ; and thex-efore a "holy thing" as Jesus Avas ! The xxxystex-y of the "incarnation" thex-efore does xxot begixx Avith Jesus, nor does it belong exclusively to J esus ; Maxy xvas before him ixx it ! To be further up sides Avith Jesus Mary is said to have beexx " assumpted " ixito heaven oxx the third day! The clxxxx-ch says that Max-y had a " resurrection " like Christ's ; aixd that, attended by angels and lxeavexxly hosts, she was bodily carried up ixxto heaven and saxv no cox-ruption ! With out oxxe iota of proof, in defiance of in numerable negative proofs, the church teaches this unblushing fabrication, tells Avondx-ous legends about the fragrance of lxer empty grave, and assures hex people that now Max-y is at the light hand of God, the Queexi of heaven, the Queen of saints, and the refuge of sinnex-s ! When a poor simier (as Mary herself confessed hex-self to be) has been thus exalted, it is easy to understand Iioav tlie blasphemy axxd idolatry of Mary Avorship proceeded to the enormous extent Avliich the folloAving facts Avill sIxoav. First, Scripture is falsified and pax-odied to exalt her praise. Bonaventura, one of the chief of the saints of the Church, has Avx-itten a neAv Bible to gix'e her the honor and praise Avhich the old Bible gives to God. For example : Psalm i. — parodied, " Blessed is the man that loveth thy name, Yix-gin Max-y : thy gx-ace shall strengthen his heart." Psalm xxi. " 0 Lady, I have cxied to thee day and night ; thou hast had mercy upon tlxy servant." Psalm xxx. " In tlxee, Lady, have I trusted ; I shall not be confounded fox- ever: into thy hands, lady, I commend my spirit, my Avhole life, and my last day." Psalm xlviii. " Hear these things, all ye people ; give ear ye that would enter the kingdom of Gocl : Honour the Virgin and yoxx Avill find life and eternal salvation." Psalm cix. "The Lox-d said unto my Lady ; my mothex-, sit thou oxx my right hand," &c.;, &c.; Next. The " glox-ies of Max-y," a wox-k by another gx-eat saint of the Romislx Church, St. Liguori, contains the folloxv- ing, Avliich, for audacious blasphemy axxd idolatx-y, cannot be surpassed. " Will not God, Avho has infinite love for Mary, fling axvay, at her suit, the thunderbolts which He was going to hurl on wretched sinners 1 Is it not of her that it is said — ' The laxv of clemency is on her lips 1' Indeed evex-y petitioxx she offex-s is a law emanating fx-om the Lord, by which he obliges himself to be merciful to those for Avlxom she intercedes. Dispensatx-ix of the Divine grace ! you save whom you ; please ; to you, then, I commit myself tliat tlxe exxemy may xxot destx-oy me. . . . We, holy Vix-gixx, hope for salvation and peace through you ; axxd since you lxeecl but say the word, Ah ! do so ; you shall be heard, and ave shall be saved." This is bad enough ; but there , are other passages Avliich are still more striking. " All graces are dispensed by Mary, and all who are saved are saved only by means of their divine Mother ; it is a xxecessax-y consequence that the salvation of all depends vegem. preaching Mary, axxd exciting to all confidence to hex-." " Thex-e is no sixxnex-, hoAvever gx-eat, avIxo is lost, if Mary protects him." " Even God Avas subject to lxer Avill ; of other virgins it may be said, they folloAV tlxe Lamb xvhitlxer- soever he goetlx ; but of the blessed Virgin, it might be said, the Lamb folloAveth hex- !" " O most holy mother, speak for me ; thy Soxx does all that thou askest. I do lxot fear my sixxs, for- thou Avilt obtain a x-enxedy. I do not fear devils, for thou ax-t more powerful . than all lxell. I do not fear Jesus my Judge, himself, fox-, by a single prayer of thine he is appeased." Next, the Roxnan Breviary, xvlxiclx is the Romish px-ayer book, far nxox'e used by priests and people tlxaxx any .other book, lias the folloAving as to Mary : — " 0 tlxoxi, Avliosoever thou art, that findest thyself rolling rather on this xvorld's tossing ocean, amid storms and tempests, than on land, turn not thine eyes axvay from this re fulgent star (Max-y) if thou xvoixldst not be over whelmed by the storms. If then the winds of temptation rise against thee, or thou runnest on the rocks of temptation, look to this stax-— call upon Mary. If anger or avarice or fleshly enticement shake the bark of thy mind, look to Mary. If troubled at the enormity of thy sins, or' confounded by defilement of conscience, ox- terrified Avith horror of the judgment to come, thou beginnest to be swallowed up in the abyss of sorroxv, or the gulf of despair, think of Mary!" "In perils, in straits, in adversities, think of Mary, invoke Mary. Let her not depart from thy mouth ; let hex- not depart fx-om thy heart ; and that thou mayest obtain the suffrage of her intercession, do xxot forsake the pattern of her living. Following lxer, thou missCst xxot thy xvay ; asking of hex-, thou needest not despair ; keeping thy thoughts on her, thou canst not err ; she holding tlxee up, thou fallest not; she protecting th'ee, tlxou . needest xxot fear ; she guiding thy xvay, thou feelest no weariness ,; she being propitious, thou readiest tke end of thy journey; and thus thou wilt experience in thyself Iioav deservedly it is said — ' And the name of the virgin xvas : Mary.'" Next. Fx-om oxxe of the, many books of Duffy, Coyne, andFlanxxigan, printed under the sanctioix of the cliux-ch, axxd approved by the Bishops axxd Cardinals of the church, for the purpose of exciting aixd developing devotion to Mary, the folloxviixg is selected : — "0 holy Mary, xxxei-ciful Queen of heaven, daughter of God the Fatliei-, Mothex of God the Son, and spouse of tlxe Holy Ghost. . .- through thy inter cession receive my soul at the hour of death. O most holy Mary, xvlien my tongue shall cleave to my throat, and I am about to be brought doxvxi to tlie dust of death, commend my body, soul, life and spirit,' my heart and members, -.and all my senses and thoughts to thy Son, that he may receive my last sigh, in xvlxich, Avith a contrite lieaxt and soul, I shall say, Jesus, Mary, Joseph." Lastly. Tlie present Poie, Pius IX., "the noble old hero" of the Tier aid, thus commends Mary worship to the faithful of the church: "The, most holy mother' of God, by whom every faithful soul is said by Cyril, to be saved : under tlie guidance and auspices above all of her to whom it is given to destroy all heresies, let us hope in this raging tempest, for the present help of a .merciful God, and let us expect it xvith confidence." If these quotations do not establish the charge of blasphemy and idolatry in the devotion of Romanists to Mxuy, there is no such thing as blasphemy and idolatry possible. The xvoman xvlio is thus trusted In ; prayed to ; and believed to be all- poxverful in heaven, is, in spite of all cunning distinctions, a genuine goddess. 