was."" HUNTING A SHADOW. Bl M. E. K. CHAPTER xiv. VICTORINE spent a delightful morning in the nurture gallery with Lord Wilcox. The good natured nobleman for such he was, despite his forgery cheered up amazingly when he found that Arthur was to be left behind. He did the agreeable to the utmost of his ability, said a thousand flattering things, sauntered about with Viotorine on his arm, and was in a state of Blyiium. Lord Wilcox knew nothing of pictures his small world of whiskers and white kid gloves, can scent bottles, and cambric handkerchiefs, could not admit so great a thing as Art. Art was a dead letter to him but Love, who can creep through the smallest aperture, had crept into Lord Wilcox's heart, and just now was playing a desperate game with his sensibilities. Ho your head over ears in love. It was for the twentieth time, at least, for a pretty face had always turned his brain ; but still it was twenty times stronger than ever it had been before. He had made up his mind to marry Viotorine that is to say, if she would have him, and he rather thought she would. He thought she would because, in the first pit's, he had a title, and none of Victoria's relatives had ever yet boasted that honor. Then he had estates in Devonshire, and that was another fact in his favor. Then he was not bad looking-a-hem who had always cultivated his personal appearance. Her hair was modish in the extreme ¡ his eyes were decidedly brilliant ¡ his whiskers they were unexceptionable -not a word could be said against his whiskers. Decidedly he was the most eligible person she was ever likely to meet with a and therefore, like a sensible woman, Victorine was sure to accept him, But he was not intending to make her an offer in public-ho was not going to blurt out, "Will you marry me?" after the fashion of John and Joan no such thing ; he was intend- ing to proceed in the most delicate and refined manner. He would write down the offer on paper-not on a great sheet like a Bail, but on pink note-paper, scented, embossed, cream laid, superfine, and with a pen dipped in offer of roses It should be a dainty little offer, daintily presented. But what to say was the difficulty, after all; it must resolve itself, despite his horror of John and Joan, into the plain matter of-fact," Will you marry me ?" pBhaw ! Why need if, when the whole English language is open to him, and Lord Wilcox looks upon him self as an excellent scholar, and forgets how not very long ago, he was plucked at College ? However that may be, behold him, one fine morning, sitting down to write his pink note. He locks himself in the study, the most retired room in the house, and gives strict orders not to be disturbed. He begins to write. A hand organ in the street drives him nearly distracted. He sees the man handsomely, and gets rid of him Then follow all the street cries in succession What an inBufferablonuisance' He gets enraged, and sighs for an Act of Parliament. But the note does not progreas an inch how should it He will run down into Devonshire. One cannot even write a love letter in this great, noisy, riotous London ' So the next day, down he drives into the country, taking the " Complete letter-writer " with him. It does not fare much better with him here, though there are no noises to disturb him. He has other difficulties to contend with, and other knotty points to settle. How shall be begin The Complete Letter writer" does not enlighten him on this subject quite so much as might be expected. It cannot be plain " my dear "-that would be detestable John would have addressed Joan as my dear." Oh, no, Lord Wilcox has a better idea in his head than that. But the idea, whatever it is, is very slow in coming. He scribbled little bits of paper all over with divers forms of address "Beautiful" would be too hackneyed, anybody might be beautiful. " Divine " would be slightly profane. "Adorable" would be too 'roDzicd. How shall he begin ? And he passes his hand through his hair, and spoils his pretty dandified curls, in utter bewilderment of mind. At length, like a sky-rocket, that shoots straight up to the clouds, and then falls down again as suddenly, poor Lord Wilcox had to drop down on the veritable my dear " he had been so much reviling. " My dear Victorine " There was no help for it, and really it did not look amiss. Well, what shall be say next P His brain will be prettily fagged before that pink sheet is creditably filled It is desperately hard work, she pink note now became the serious occupation of his life. He ran backwards and forwards to town, and then returned to plunge into his solitude, and the " Complete Letter writer " It gave quite a zest to the ordinary routine of his existence. He even forgot his whiskers and his scent bottles. The pink note was progressing favorably the day of his taking Victorine to the picture gallery and while its author turned back to give it a finishing touch, Victorine had reached home, and was startled by the news of the accident that had just happened in the park. The news was suddenly told to her by Grace, whose eyes were swelled by crying, and who seemed in a state of terrible alarm. " Oh, Victorine, he has seen her again !" " Whom has he seen ? What is the matter, Grace ?" " The dead woman '-Arthur, I mean ; they were driving in the park," sobbed Grace, who at no time paid much respect to her nominatives. " Constance !" said Victorine. "Yes, if that is her name," replied Grace. I hate her, I am sure, nasty, horrid thing 1 And then Arthur must needs drive on after her like mad, and they all got upset together. He is in such a way, worse than ever." " But mamma, mamma '" cried Victorine, im- patiently. Mrs. Ferrara has been thrown out and nearly frightened to death nothing else," said Grace. " But do go to Arthur, he is like any one crazy, and will not hear a word I have to say." "I will go to mernina first, if you please," said Viotorine, coldly, "But Arthur!" said Grace. " Arthur must wait my convenience j he has done mischief enough for one day," said Victorine, in the same icy tone. She then quitted the room without a word of sympathy or consolation. Arthur, meantime, was pacing up and down the library, impatient for Victoria's return. Impatient to entreat her pardon, and to hear her consoling voice. That she would console him he had no doubt that the would road on with him calmly and patiently as ever. It never occurred to Arthur that this last act of wild ness and delirium might possibly stagger the faith even of Tiotonne. He had accustomed himself to think of her as so entirely his own, of her loyalty to him as so paramount and stead- fast a thing. The very foundations of the earth could sooner give way than that. She was all he had to rely upon he would surely come. , he fancied he heard her footsteps, and opened the door. But it was only the servant in attendance on Mrs. Ferrars His anxiety about Mrs. Ferrars had subsided when he knew she was uninjured. The strange predicament in which he himself was placed absorbed every feeling. How he wished Victorine would come ' But Viotorine did not come. She had returned from the picture gallery, but had gone immediately to her mother. This was right and natural, and it would have been unlike Victorine not to have done so. Arthur restrained himself, and tried to think the moments less intolerable. Victorine and her mother had much to forgive , he could not break in upon them , he must wait their leisure. But it was a bad season for waiting, with his brain on fire, and a thousand tumultuous emotions tOssing and struggling within him ; with the remembrance vivid as life of that glorious face and those golden tresses, and with his reason to tell him that all was a delusion, that nothing was real, except that she was dead; that the face and hair were as unreal as a dream that it was no Constance how could it be but a monstrous phantasm that had gained the mastery over him, and was leading him he know not where, he dared not even think Still Victorine did not come, she had left her mother, and was gone into her own room, so Grace told him, to read a note some one had brought Arthur grow impatient. How could she delay for a trifle like that? some invitation to an evening party, or slight inter- change of politeness. Surely it might have been passed over on an occasion like this. He is weary of this endless waiting; he will go to her. She is in her boudoir, and he has been admitted there before and he goes, in a tumult of agitation, expecting her to calm it down, and restore him to some degree of com posUre. She is sitting at the table writing, answering the note evidently, for it lies before her a little scented frippery of a note, of no consequence at all He could have taken it up and crushed it in his hand, so angry he felt that such a trifle should intervene between them at such a moment, and turn off the tide of thought and consideration from himself and his pressing emergency Victorine was pale, but there was a brightness in her eye that startled him, an expression he had never soon before And he had never seen before the smile with which she rose to meet him. It was extraordinary for Victoria's face to wear such a smile as the " Why did not you come to me?" he asked, half reproachfully. " Because I was otherwise engaged," she re- plied, and she pointed to the note. " But when I was so ill," Bald Arthur, " and so utterly distracted, you might have spared me these moments of anxiety." " Mamma is ill, too," replied Viotorine, coldly ; "and I was anxious to finish my note and return to her " " But will you not reason with me, Victo- mine?" cried Arthur, alarmed at her coldness. " Do not turn away from me I have never needed your sympathy so much as I do not " " My sympathy will do you but little service," replied Victorine, her face perfectly calm and unmoved and we must seek another remedy than that of more reasoning. Reasoning has not done much for you at present " " You are angry with me, Victorine, I BOB you are." "I shall be obliged by your leaving me at this moment to morrow we will discuss the point," she replied, folding up her note, and pausing as if wishing him to leave the room before she directed it. There was a quiet revolution in her manner that admitted of no opposition. Arthur left her, with a strange sinking of heart, a feeling as though all were lost, as though some precious link were broken that never could be united again He retired to his own room to pass the day as best he could There was no Victorine to whisper hope and comfort, and to sing to him with that syren voice of hers. It was strange to have her for him just now. But the morrow came at last. Arthur rose with a sensation of pain and unrest, as if he must that day meet Some new and untried evil. He and Victorine were to discuss the point, and he should hear his fate from her own lips. He desired an early interview, for ho longed to tell her what he was suffering, and Viotonno granted his request. CHAPTER. XV. WHEN Arthur entered the library, Victorine was there, seated at her work as tranquilly as if nothing had happened. Arthur had been used to read to her while she worked, and the book lay upon the table. It only needed for him to sit down and find the place, and the old happy days would run on their course again. There was no apparent let or hindrance. Victorine was not a hair the worse for yesterday's alarm and agitation. Her face was clear and bright as ever, her eyes sparkling, her dress arranged with the same scrupulous nicety. And he had no reproach ¡ her cheerful " good morning " did not savour anything but friendli- ness. She even gave him her hand, and it was firm and steady ; not a nerve unhinged. " Have you forgiven me, Viotorine ?" he asked. "I have nothing to forgive. Misfortune is no crime," she replied, quietly. Arthur trembled. The words of separation were not yet spoken; but something whispers that they will be, and that speedily, "You have more than once advised me to consult a physician, said he trying to command his voice, " and I have foolishly refused. I will do it now, as soon as you please." " That must be as you please," said Viotorine, in a tone of indifference. " But you wish it, do you not ?" he asked. a For your own sake I do," she replied. " Viotorine !" he exclaimed, " for heaven's sake do not speak so coldly !" She made no reply, but continued her work without moving a muscle of her face, or betray- ing the least emotion. Arthur's heart, on the contrary, was like a stormy sea. Love, fear, grief, passionate regret, and wild vague longing, tortured him beyond the limit of endurance. " Do not forsake me, Victorine, or you will drive me to despair!" said Arthur. " Bear with me a little longer, and this delusion will cease. You told me, yourself, it would," Viotorine shook her head. " It will, indeed," be continued. " Only give me time. We shall get into serener skies presently," he added, trying to speak cheerfully, and repeating her own words. " Serene skies '" said Viotorine. " Arthur, you are dreaming '" " Tea, deareet-dreaming of happy days to come," replied Arthur, drawing nearer, and trying to take her hand. " Of home, and domestic joys, and a forgetfulness of this dreary past. I shall have but one thought then, Victorine how to make up to you for this how to make your life a glad and happy one. Will you not give me your hand ?" "No, Arthur, said the, laying down her work, and looking him steadily in the face, " You must remember I have a duty to perform to myself as well as to you. To take a lifetime on the mere hazard of your recovery is too wild a sacrifice for you to require, or for me to make " "But would it be a sacrifice?" he asked " Do you not love me The whole treasure of my affection to yours. I shall live but for you You may safely trust me, Victorine. Only make the venture, and see if you will not be repaid It is your womanly fear makes you hesitate " " I do not fear it is a feeling unknown to me," said Victorine, half contemptuously. I can meet any ordinary evil without shrinking, but here is one so frightful that I confess I care not." " told me ' What is it I do not see it," said Arthur, smiling. "Did the thought never strike you?" said Victorine, looking enquiringly at him. " No, never," he replied, " I wish to hear it "It is an evil curse-the greatest that can happen to us," exclaimed Victorine, in a tone of unusual vehemence ; " it would break up our home, several very link that binds us, unloosed from our haven, and drive us out upon a wilder sea than any we have yet encountered. It would entail on us and ours a remedies wore I cannot dare not do it " " But I do not understand you," cried Arthur "What woe? What curse? Whoso?" "The weather curse of madness, Arthur and it is yours," said Victorine, with unwonted abruptness. "Minobe exclaimed "O heavens I am not mad " No, no Do not tell me I am mud 1" " How can I think otherwise ?" said Victor Fine. " Do sane men rave as you do ? Do they follow after phantoms, to the hazard even of their lives ? Do faces nee up before them, and bewitch them out of their very reason ? No, Arthur, it is madness, deliberate madness !" She spoke very vi ord with terrible distinct ness, her keen, clear eyes fixed upon him as if it searched him through. There was no pity in her look , it was cruel, remorseless. It wounded him to the soul, it broke his very heart. " And having this madness upon you," she continued, in the same unfeeling tone, " can you ask me to link my fate with yours ? Can you, as a man of honor, bind me to my engagement, and drag me from my home to toss and ship- wreck on that stormy sea ?" "You are deceived, Victorine, indeed you are," Bald Arthur "The adventure of yesterday was a mere accident ; a mistake, it may be, of identity. It may have been a mistake of identity all along. Such things have been. My pulse is as steady as your own. Look at me, hear no talk. Do I look or speak like one that a mad P" " Not when the paroxysm is over," she replied, but who knows how soon it may return ? how soon that spectral face may not appear to un Bottle your reason, and bring back all this misery? But yesterday, Arthur, and therefore might have deprived me of a mother." Arthur turned away in silent anguish, and Victorine went on, " You will not refuse me the means of escape from BO pressing an evil, Arthur. You cannot insist on our marriage, now." " I do not insist," he replied ; "I should be ungenerous and infamous to do so. I did but appeal to your affection, Victorine j rested entirely with that " " Then I may consider myself free," said Vic- toria, with a touch of exultation in her manner " With your consent, the tie between us IS annulled, and our engagement at an end Is it not so?" " If you wish it-if-I cannot say the words. Ah, Victorine, if you had been the afflicted one," said Arthur, in a tone of deep feeling, " should I have acted in so summary a manner ?" " I am prompt by nature ; it is one of my characteristics," she replied, quickly t " besides, what motive is there for delay, except to blight my prospects as well as your own ?" Arthur was silent. He was amazed at her coldness and insensibility. Could this be Victorine ? What a metamorphosis had taken place since yesterday " Yes, you are free, Victorine," said he, with dignity. " I would rather sacrifice my happiness a hundred times than cast a blight on yours. My infirmity shall no longer perplex and weary you. In the solitude of my own home I will bear it as best I can. Farewell, Victorine!" " Stay one moment, Arthur. I regret I can- not return your letters ; I have destroyed them ; but may I beg the favor of my own ? Our car rest evidence has not been very large," she said, with a wintry smile Arthur mechanically took from his pocket the few letters he had received from her. She almost snatched them from his band and throw them into the flames, "I am glad to hear you hint at leaving town," She said, stirring the fire lest a single scrap should escape your disease has made considerable progress since you came." " Viotorine !" cried Arthur, in astonishment, " where is your affection ? Have you no pity not a single thought for my unhappy fate ?" " I have never made feeling my guide," she replied, " She is too unsteady, and too little to be trusted. My judgment tells me what is the best course to be adopted. This is the chain you gave me," she added, taking it from her neck, and laying it down before him. Arthur looked at her in wonder. She met his look without shrinking. There was not a trace of compassion nothing to remind him that she had ever loved him. That had been one of his delusions. He was always to be mocked by a phantom. "And this is how we part !" he cried, con- fronting her with a glow of indignation on his cheek. " You might have severed the tie more tenderly. You might have expressed some con- cern for the dark history that lies before me. It may be I have tried your affection too severely and if so, you are amply revenged." Viotorine'made no reply, but returned to her work with the utmost composure. Arthur was nothing to her now. She had done with him. This chapter was ended, and she had begun a new one, with a better subject and more brilliant prospects. The time was gone by for her to minister to his wounded mind. She had done it well and skilfully while there was an object ; but now her ministrations had ceased for ever. Let him go home and lose himself in hopeless pining for the dead. She was content that Constance should remain the mistress of the field, since defeat was the best victory. It was time the interview should end, and Arthur turned to leave the room. But just at this moment Lord Wilcox entered it, his face radiant with smiles. He, at all events, was well contented with his destiny. His pink note had found a response, and he was coming, in the plenitude of his joy, to pour out a flood of homes words and expressions of delight. Vio tonne had accepted him, and there was sunshine for him everywhere that morning. He cannot see the storm cloud on Arthur's brow, and he bows, and speaks kindly to him, lunatic as he is, for he has not heard of yesterday's disaster. Arthur's jealousy was roused in a moment. He felt enraged that this for should thrust himself in just then. He hated Victorine to smile upon him, and receive him so cordially He detested the Suspicious thought that all along this man might have been his rival He forgot that Viotorine had been released from her engagement, and he determined wrathfully to stay it out, and not leave her to complete her conquest. Lord Wilcox was in an awkward predicament, between his dread of the lunatic, and his eager- ness to pour out his heart to Victorine. He stood a few moments, undecided what to do Then the feelings of the lover predominated, and he went up to Victorian, took her hand, and kissed it. No one but a lunatic, he thought, would have remained after such a hint as that, or after Lord Wilcox, in utter contempt of Arthur's produce, and Booming to ignore it, seated himself by Victorine, and began to whisper words meant for her car alone. And Victorine smiled, and blushed, and maintained her composure as if the event was by no means unexpected. But Arthur still sat on, as if some spell had bound him there was it possible ? Did she love this man? or did his eyoadocoivo him, and did some strange fatality make shadows assume the appearance of realities? He would stay to hear more, but this Victorine did not intend " Mr. Leslie," said she, with cool politeness, " may I request n favor of you?" "What is that, Miss Ferrars?" he asked. How strangely these unwonted titles sounded, and how difficult it seemed to pronounce them " " That you will have the goodness to leave us," also replied. Leave in Than, by her own confession, they were linked together, these two, in interest, in affection, soon it might be in name ' Arthur's head seemed to reel and sparks of fire to flash from his eyes. Leave us ' That was more than he could bear, and to think that, all along, this mine had been working under his foot, and he had never known it Victorine would not have hatched up the story of his madness but for the sake of this lord, this thing of whiskers and perfume . Arthur's Indignation got the better almost of his roaaon-cortumly of his self command. " I congratulate you, my) lord," said he, in a tone of bitter sarcasm ; " some half hour ago Miss Ferrara was my affianced bride, now, it seems, she is yours. The facility with which the lady has transferred her affections is marvellous. You would hardly think such a thing were possible " Mr. Linwood," said Lord Wilcox, rising in great agitation, " Miss Ferrars BIIUII not be in" stated in my presence " "Insulted! Ah, Victoria, that the time should over come when I am accused of insult ing you!" cried Arthur changing his tone to one of deep sadness. "You know better than I can remind you what we have been to each other. Toll Lord Wilcox how we have loved, and were to have been raised, but for the accident of yesterday, and his stepping in between us." " Victorine," cried Lord Wilcox, turning to her with a look of intense anxiety. Victorine drew herself up cold and stately, her face as white as marble. " He IS mad, my lord," said she, in a low tone, "mad." " No, I am not mad ." cried Arthur, indignantly I " it is you, Victorine, who are unjust," " You had better leave us," said Lord Wilcox, placing himself between Arthur and Victorine "I wish you well and kindly, but do not presume too much on my compassion " " Compassion I Your compassion ' Yours '" exclaimed Arthur, haughtily " Yea, mine, Mr. Lintwood," said he. "I have the deepest pity for you, but this lady is under my protection, and if you molest for I will not answer for the consequences." " Victorine ' Victorine !" cried Arthur, in a tone of anguish. Victorine made no reply. Her head drooped until it seemed to rest on Lord Wilcox's shoulder. " Leave us'" repeated Lord Wilcox, in a commanding tone, and pointing to the door. " Victorine," said Arthur, utterly disregard- ing him, " are vows and premises of so little moment ? Pause and think before you do me such a grievous wrong." There was no need for Victorine to pause and think. She had considered every step of her way too well. This dilemma did not take her by surprise The little word " mad," whispered in Lord Wilcox's oar, solved what would have seemed a my story to him. It was a word of terrible import, but it explained the meaning of Arthur's declaration, He was mad, and madness can come relationship at pleasure He was greatly to be pitied. No affliction could be heavier than this infirmity of mind. But the current of affairs must go past him. He could not be permitted to trifle with the happiness of others, especially with the happiness of Victorine. And Viotorine's manner set Lord Wilcox at rest with regard to her affection for himself. Nothing could be more delightful than to have her clinging to him in her womanly fear and embarrassment. To have the pressure of his hand returned and his glance met with such confiding tenderness. Yes, she loved him, and who was this madman that the should thrust himself between them. He must be removed. Stringent measures must be taken, and such a scene as this must never be permitted to recur again. But the madman is gone. He had waited for Victorine to speak, but she maintained that cruel, inflexible silence, and he had taken his departure, and the sad Lord Wilcox were left alone. Lord Wilcox's whole manner was changed. The circumstances of the day had called out his manly feelings. He was resolved to protect Victorine from the slightest breath of wrong or mauls, and his foppery was thrown aside. "Do not alarm yourself, Victorine," said he. It shall never happen any more. Only leave it to me." "But what shall you do?" said Victorine, anxiously. She was sitting on the sofa, deadly pale, and with her hands tightly clasped together. " Tell me, tell me, what shall! you do?" " We had better dismiss the subject," said Lord Wilcox ; you have suffered enough from the vagaries of this madman. It is time he came into my hands." Victorine shuddered. Lord Wilcox, put upon his metal, was no foppiBh fool, as she and Arthur had imagined. She had passed into his hands, too, and he was not to be trifled with. "His father was my father's friend," said she, almost beseechingly, for a touch of remorse stung her to the heart j " be tender with him, Francis." She had never called him by his name before, and his face lighted up with happiness. He sat down by her, and began to tell her how he loved her and how- But Victorine stopped him abruptly, with the air of a person whose mind is riveted on something else " About Arthur?" she said, " What do you mean ? You hint mysteriously." "I mean," said Wilcox, firmly, "that this madman shall not be a foil to us any more. Society demands that he be placed in ward, and he shall be, before another day goes over our heads " " Good heavens, my lord '" exclaimed Vic- former. " Dearest Victorine," said he, and he took her hands. "Do not deprive him of his liberty," said Vio tonne. " He is harmless. He is only deranged on one Bub|oot-that of Constance " " And of yourself. We have had proof of that," said Lord Wilcox, hastily. Victorino turned pale still The walls seemed to close round her. Lord Wilcox thought she was going to faint, and supported her in his arms " You shall have no trouble, dearest," said he. "You and your mother shall leave town for a few hours, But when you return-" " Arthur will be gone '" said Victorine, in a strange suppressed voice. " Mr. Linwood will be gone," repeated Lord Wilcox, with emphasis, "it is no difficult task to prove him a lunatic, and deal with him accordingly. Victorine breathed short and quick. " From what I have seen myself," continued Lord Wilcox, " and from what you have told me, the case is clear enough His seeing a phantom-his conduct this morning " " Yes, yes, we need say no more," cried Vic- toria, hurriedly. " I leave him in your hands only do not let me" " Be harrassed," said Lord Wilcox. " No, that you shall not. You need not think a single thought further on the subject, nor will I say another word. I would rather speak on a more interesting topic than Mr. Lintwood " " Pardon me," said Victorine, faintly. I am overcome with the terror of this morning My nerves are shaken. I would rather have a little time for rest and consideration." " You shall have every time, dearest," Bind Lord Wilcox, rising. " Do not look so pale," he continued. "This will soon be forgotten. I shall not leave the house until-" Victorine turned away, and Lord Wilcox did not finish the sentence. He went out with a cheerful stop, and full of the important business that lay before him He little dreamed of the feelings that agitated Victorine She had not anticipated such a climax as this. The worst she had imagined was Arthur's return home, a disappointed and heart stricken man. But to take away his liberty to stamp him with the brand of madness ' Alas for Arthur' CHAPTER XVI. " GLAD enough I shall be to leave this horrid place !" said Grace to herself, As she knelt down before her trunk and packed all her smart clothes into it " One cannot get a rag waBliod decently ' What a color my pockothandercbioffl are, to be sure! But about poor Arthur is the worst That bad, abominable woman I told him all along how it would be only he never would believe me But it has come out now, just as it did about Martha Stealing the pro serves, and Arthur was quite as obstinate about that. However, we are going home to day, that is one comfort, and Mr Lodge "-hero Grace's face cleaned up a little, and she rose, and began to try on a new bonnet that lay on the bed" but it is of no use being Smart, now," she added, with a sigh, and taking it off again , " I must get Arthur well the first thing. It is a thousand pities he ever painted that dead woman, he has never been the same Since Heigho I wonder how the servants have been going on ! that good for-nothing, lazy " 1 Grace'" said a voice behind her. ' Good gracious ' is that you, Victorine ?" and she let fall the lid of her trunk with a loud noise. "What do you want with me ?" This was said roughly enough, but Victorine took no notice of Grace's manner, or of the flash of anger that overspread her face. She seated herself as quietly as over, and began to say, " I wanted to speak to you, that is all " Well, speak on then, and after that, I will say my Bay, said Grace, locking her box, and sitting down on it with a bang, " now then?" "You will have the goodness to conduct yourself properly while you are in my house, Grace," said Victorine, sternly. " I shall not remain in your he so long, that I can tell you, nor Arthur either. It is a great pity for him that we ever came into it at all 1" oned Grace, working herself violently. " It is a pity you ever did," said Victorine. " Yes," said Grace ¡ " who would have thought it? That you would have invited him for the sake of the" " You will please hear what I have come to say, and spare me your own reflections," said Victorine, in a tone of authority, and with a flash in her eye that had before cowed Grace so completely " This is, I am rejoiced to think, the last time that I shall be subjected to your rudeness and insolence." " Very complimentary, on my word !" said Grace, tossing her head ; " however, we shall soon be gone Arthur is as impatient as I am. I dare say he will not regret what has happened, but marry a much better wife in the end." " Arthur will not return with you," said Vic tonne, a flush ming to her cheek, and then leaving it deadly pale. " Will not, I say I "How can you tell such a falsehood ?" exclaimed Grace. " You know he will I have packed up his things, and we start this very afternoon. He has started !" said Victorine, with a convulsive clasp of her Bands. "What' gone without me?" cried Grace, springing up. " I will follow him directly ' I dare say he is driven distracted by your having played him false, and no one can tell what will happen to him." " Sit down again, and hear what I have to Boy," said Victorine, angrily. Grace sat down, her bonnet in her hand, and hurriedly wrapping her shawl around her, Arthur is ill, you know as well as I do," continued Victorine. " Did it never occur to you what was the cause of his illness ? " Seeing the dead woman, I suppose," said Grace, rummaging in her pocket, and turning out a heap of letters and other matters into her lap. " But he did not really see her," Bald Victo rino " That is quite absurd. You cannot suppose it for a moment I never suppose anything," replied Grace. " He said he did, and there was an end of it. I told him it was very likely somebody dressed up, but Arthur was always obstinate, and never believed what I said." "It was not somebody dressed up," said Vio- torine " How could it be ? 'Iho spectre has appeared to him so often, and in places where it would be impossible to play a trick of that kind. No, no ' There is another reason for it " " It could not be a real ghost, that we are quite sure of," sued Grace, still rummaging over the contents of her pocket "There is no such thing " "But it could be a phantom of his brain," said Victorine, " Now do you understand ? This might be at 'fault," and she touched her forehead, " and it is, all the physicians agree in saying Grace stared at her like one bewildered, her countenance expressive of nothing but ruins month They say he is mad," continued Victorine, quietly, " and that the lives of rational people may be endangered by him. They say ho a list be kept for a time under restraint, lest some mischief happen and that is where he is gone to" " Arthur, my brother Arthur mad '" cried Grace, staggering as if struck by sudden blow "You, mad," repeated Victorine) you told me yourself that insanity was in the family I wish I had known that just before, it would have been better for us both " " But he is not cannot be '" exclaimed Grace "You are utterly mistaken Arthur is as sane as I am " On some points he is," said Victorine 2 "but there is a form of that fatal disease when the mind is clear on all subjects save one, and HUB is the case with Arthur Talk to him of Constance I remember the adventure in the park and see if he is not mad she added, with a smile of triumph "Oh, Victorine! Do not prove him mad' ones Grace, an agony of distress , " for the Boko of all that is dear to you in the world, do not. It is so terrible, so frightful a thing !" " I have nothing to do with it," Bald Victorine disengaging her cross from Green's hold. " But I will not believe it will not, if you tell it me again and again," cried Grace ex- citedly "You may believe it or not, last as you like," Bald Victorine, rising. " I thought it my duty to tell you he was gone. Shall I send my maid to assist you ?" "But where have they taken lutnP" asked Grace. "I will go to him this very minute." " You may not go to him, Grace. Dr Bowdler luiB taken him under his care, and positively forbids any one to have UOCOSB to him Absolute quiet is the only chance for his recovery." "And when was this thing done? Oh, you are a cruel Bet of people '" cried Grace, weoping passionately. " But I will go to him for all the Dr Bowdlors in the world." " This thing, as you politely express it, was brought about early this morning, while you were out choosing your new bonnet," said Victor , " and the cruel Bot of people are the first physicians of the day, who met here to consult on Arthur's very extraordinary case They came to the conclusion I have just told you, and took steps accordingly " " And why did not you tell me before ?" cried Grace "Why did you let me go out ?" " Because you have so little corr round over yourself, Grace, and might have made matters so much worse," returned Victorine, coolly. Flushed, undignified, and violent, Grace was but a poor match for Victorian, who was almost regal in her self possession. "And now," cried Grace, rudely, " now you have shut up Arthur, you will marry Lord Wilcox That is what it all moans,Iauppoao " "I shall marry whomsoever Iploaso," replied Victorine, haughtily , " my prospects in life are not to be blighted because Arthur is mud." " Yes, you will marry him, I have no doubt'" cried Grace, with a burst of indignation, " but you will meet with no blessing You will be a miserable woman, Victorine, and some great judgment will fall upon you ! See if it does not There is a just God above us " Some great judgment! When she reached her chamber Victorine repeated the words. Iii ley had met a response in her heart Grace had little thought of But what were the occasional stings of conscience against ambition, or against a training purely of the world ? To do well for herself was Victonno's roll gion, and advancement her ideal heaven. So ambition got the mastery, and conscience was silenced, and better impulses were crushed Even now, as she paces up and down, she seems to trample them beneath her feet. Her eyes dilated with pride, and her lip wore a triumphant smile She has decided-and she is no weak woman to falter or draw back. And when the struggle is over she drops a veil of calmness over her features, and goes forth with a tranquil bearing, as if at peace with herself and all the world. She is used to act out the drama ; half her life is spent upon the stage, and will be till the curtain drops, and the drama is at an end. When Victorine was gone, Grace stamped about the room, and went through a number of extraordinary demonstrations. Having thus relieved her mind, as far as she was able, she finished packing, and dressed herself ready to start by the very next train She had not waited many minutes before a servant came to say that a person was in the drawing-room, who I wanted to speak to her. "A person' Who is it?" cried Grace, abruptly. " Why, man, it's not a gentleman exactly. It's a countryman like a very plain spoken, and homely to look at " " Oh, indeed '" said Grace, her heart giving a flutter " Very well, told him I am coming dirt tly." John Lodge, as sure as I'm alive! thought Grace " Dear me ' what a pity that I have packed up my new bonnet, and put on this shabby old dress! One may be too Saving for one's own interest sometimes However, this is not a time for showing off when poor Arthur-" and tears began to roll down her cheeks " I am sure Mr. Lodge will be very angry " Violent abruptness was one of Grace's characteristics Accordingly, she burst into the drawing room saying, with breathless haste, " Oh, Mr Lodge ' What do you think ? They have shut Arthur up in a madhouse '" Mr Lodge, who was dressed in a new suit of clothes, and radiant with, smiles and good humor, started back at this alarming intelligence Nothing could exceed the consternation expressed in his countenance " they have indeed ! continued Grace, " or I should not say so Victorine has done it, that she may just him and murry Lord Wilcox in stead they took him away this morning while I was out, and I shall never see him any more." Mr Lodge was at no time remarkable for his quickness of comprehension, and these facts suddenly poured out his devoted head were more than he could for the moment master That Grace was in trouble was, however, quite plain to him, and called out his kindly feelings towards her " Do not cry, MISS Grace," said John, affectionately , " sit down, and let me hear all about it from beginning to end " This was an unusually long speech for John to make, and Grace did sit down, and told him the whole story When she had concluded, Mr Lod(,o got up, put his hands in his pockets, and began to whistle used to walk about the room At length he stopped just before her. " And what are you going to do, Miss Grace ?" he asked " to go home by the very next train, she replied " Now, I would go to Dr Ben dler'B, if I were you," said John, with an air of great wisdom. " Would you ? But I-I-I am alone, and Dr Bowdler might not admit ma," auld Grace, hesitatingly " I beg your pardon, Miss Grace said John, " but you are not alone, Boeing I have come up all the way from Woodford to keep you company " " It was very kind of you, I am sure, Mr. Lodge," said Grace twisting the end of her shawl into every imaginable shape, very But I suppose you will go away again before long P" 1 No, I won't go away '" cried John, with wonderful energy " Thank you, Mr Lodge," said Grace, " but you see-" " I won't '" repeated John, Bturdily "I will go with you to find Dr What's his name, and BOO Arthur righted, that I will '" And he began to make sundry passes in the air with his stick. " I do not believe he is road ! and no one shall make me," sobbed Grace "Of course not! How can he be, when he is in his right mind?" said John, with great simplicity * " I told Viotonno BO," said Grace, " and she went on at me like anything, and all that she might marry Lord Wilcox " Lord Wilcox, indeed'" said Mr Lodge. " Why didn't he up and lick the scoundrel ? I would, as soon as look at him ! But home. Miss Grace, we will not off before they find out where we are gone to " "Yes, that we will," said Grace, but Mr. Lodge, I do not know where Dr Bowdler lives." " Never mind," end Mr Lodge, " we will find it out Perhaps (there is a card or something that will tell us " And he began to ransack among the contents of Victorino'a clement card basket "Here it is " he explained " Dr. Bowdler, Manchester Square That a capital Now they " " You have not been at our house lately, have you, Mr Lodge?' asked Grace, us she pinned her shawl on at the glass " I said he No, Miss Grace I thought you might just happen to know how the servants were going on, that is oil," eau! Grace. " I dare say they are having a fine time of it Heads out of window from morning till night, I will be bound to " I did see a head, now I remember, as I went byliiBt night," said Mr. Lodge. " You did, did you ?" cried Grace, turning quickly round "That was Martha, I know I She is such a good for nothing " " I think we had better start," Band John, unwilling to hour the point discussed " But I must; have my boxes," BOUR Grace. "I cannot go without my boxes They are ahead) packed and corded. I did them myself." "There was scarcely any food for that, I should think," said John, slightly annoyed. " Oh, yes, there was !" replied Grace. " The servants There are worse than anywhere-, they do nothing at all. If mistresses will-" "Shall I ring and inquire after your boxes ?" said John, who refused those domestic disqui BitioiiB as little as Arthur did. " Yes, if you like," said Grace , " but here is Victorine. Well, Victorine, you see I am going." " Good morning, Mr. Lodge, " I hope I see you quite well," Bald Victorine, politely. "suite well, thank you, Miss Furrars," said John, stiffly. " You are come to escort Grace home, I suppose ? But will you not take some refreshment before you start ?" said Victoria, and she laid her hand upon the bull. " We are not going home yet," said Grace, with her usual want of tact ; " we are going to Dr. Bowdlor'« first " " Indeed ' And have you his address ?" returned Victorine, with imperturbable coolness. " Ah, I see you have But he usually resides out of town, and it is there where you will find him," and she took a card and wrote an address upon it. "I am glad I spared you going on a fruitless errand." "Thank you, Miss Ferrars," said John, rather fascinated, in spite of himself, by Victor mine's easy politeness " I am truly sorry to hear of what has happened, and us Mr. Leslie's friend, I thought it right just to see if-if--" " Quite right, Mr. Lodge. Only I regret to say you can do but no manner of good," said Victorine, kindly , " still, if it is any satisfaction to you to see Dr. Bowdler, I would certainly have you do so. In the meantime I as sure you that everything is being done for Arthur that can be done, and the rest we must leave in the hands of Providence." " Gan this woman so as heartless as Grace represented ?" thought John. He looked into her clear brown eyes, and scanned her open forehead. It was a lovely mask with which to hide deception, if it were a musk, and while John looked he doubted, "The truth is, Miss ForrarB," said John, " from what I have heard just now, I was afraid Mr. Loane had not had fair play. The thing was done so hurriedly, and in a corner." "If it had been done a month ago, Dr. Bowdler says he would never have had this last attack," returned Victorine. " His Grace told you about the disaster in the park ?" " No, she has not," replied John. " Ah 1 I will enlighten you on that point," said Victorine. " But pray be seated, and I must insist on your taking some refreshment." TO BE CONTINUED. 