ROCKHAMPTON, August 12. {From the Courier and Telegraph. ) Mr Fyfe addressed a large meeting of his consti- tuents this evening. He was received coolly, and spoke for an hour, chiefly regarding the compulsory clauses of the State Education Bill. Thero was great interruption during the meeting, which was a burlesque, and concluded without a vote of confi- dence being passed in Mr Fyfc. CLERMONT. August 13. Mr De Satge's address to the electors of Nor- manby is published. He advocates improvements to the port of Broadsound, liberal land laws, and a reduction of taxation. A company has been formed to work the reefs on M 'Donald's Flat. Frank Shadall, charged with embezzling money from Messrs Page and O'Roarke, has been remanded. His attorney has raised the objection that the Part- nership Larceny Acct does not enact that the appro- priation of partnership moneys is embezzlement. TOWNSVILLE, Ausust 13. A branch of the Queensland National Bank was opened here on Tuesday last. Mr Ryan is the manager. SYDNEY, August 12. A fearful tragedy has been perpetrated near Forbes. The son of a squatter named Howell, and a youug lad were found under a dray, both having been evidently most brutally murdered. August 13. Great exitement took place at the meeting of the Peak Downs' shareholders, which was numerously attended. The report was adopted after consider- able discussion, and a resolution was carried for the election of a new directory, and to forward a com- petent person to inspect and report upon the mine. A blackfellow has been arrested about a hundred miles from Forbes for murdering the man and boy whose bodies were found under a dray. The pri- soner was tracked from the scene of the murder, and was overtaken riding Howell's horse. He made a desperate resistance, and wounded Inspector Ste- venson with a tomahawk. August 14. Susan Anderson, convicted of infanticide, has been sentenced to three years' imprisonment. A man has been found dead in Kent-street. It is supposed that he must have fallen over the cliffs whilst in a state of intoxication. MELBOURNE, August 12. The willow of a warder has been arrested on a charge of perjury for having registered the birth of a child eleven months after the husband's death. Captain Archer, of the schooner Douglas, has mysteriously disappeared from Geelong. August 13. The new Legislative Council Bill contains a clause giving the Government the power of dis- solving the House whenever a bill which has twice passed the Assembly it rejected by the Council. The New Zealand Government has consented to join in the postal contract via Galle.. Mr Mackenzie's report on the coal deposits of Western Port is unfavourable, and he recommends that no more money should be expanded in the search. From New Zealand it is reported that the wreck of the Rangitoto has been sold for £465. The {New Zealand?) Assembly have agreed to a three years postal contract with M'Meckan and Blackwood, vid the Bluff, at the rate of £5,000\ annually. LONDON, August 9. Cholera has broken ont in Hamburg. A Legitimist deputation has offered to Comte de Charabord the title of King of France, which he has accepted. Fredericl Cavendish and Greville have been gazetted Lords of the Treasury. A steamer has been burned on the River Potomac. Forty souls perished. Obituary: The Duchess of Inverness and Lady Trevelyan. August 11. The question is mooted as to whether Mr Glad- stone must seek re-election, owing to the recent Ministerial change. A great conflagration has taken place at Portland, Maine, the damages amounting to six hundred thousand dollars. Mr Ayrton has been appointed Judge Advocite General. DEBENTURES.— New South Wales Fives 106¼ ; Victoria Six per cents, April and October, 113½, Fives, January and July, 107 ; Tasmanian Sixes, 110¾/ The tallow market is steady. New Zealand hemp is held for a better market, owing to the low prices at present ruling. Fiji cotton has advanced one penny in price. Metals are unchanged in value. The finest qualities of Adelaide wheat realise freely 60s to 62s. Adelaide flour is quoted at 41 to 45 shillings per cwt according to quality, The harvest has commenced unfavorably ; the yield in England and France will be fifteen per cent, under the average. The ship Dunmail has been wrecked whilst leav- ing Liverpool for Melbourne. The passengers and crew were all saved. August 12. Two thousand insurgents whilst marching on Madrid were utterly routed by the troops. Con- treras fled, and the insurrection is considered to be crushed. Seventy persons perished through the burning of a steamer on the River Potomac. August 12. Wheat is advancing in value, in consequence of the increased demand for export. The cargo is being snved from the wreck of the Dunmail, which vessel was lost leaving Liverpool for Melbourne. Sir G. J. Jessel, late Solicitor-General, has ac- cepted the Mastership of the Rolla. Sir John Cole- ridge, the Attorney-General, declined to accept the office. It is expected that Mr Gregory, the Governor of Ceylon, will resign shortly. The Earl of Granard will be his probable successor. It will interest many of our readers to learn that the marriage of the eldest daughter of the Hon. James Taylor and Mr C. G. Cory, of Cecil Plains, will take place at Toowoomba on Thursday, the 28th instant. Great preparations have been made for the celebration of the marriage, and from the number of invitations issued we have no doubt the festivities will prove the most brilliant and appro- priate that have yet taken place in the Darling Downs district. Mr Cory — who, by the by, is a god-son of the Hon. James Taylor— is well known on the Downs as an affable, liberal, and considerate employer, and we are pleased to learn that his efforts in the cause of his "old friend," and the successes he has been enabled to achieve in connection with the management of the Cecil Plains properties, have been rewarded with that most valuable gift— the hand of an amiable and accomplished lady, the daughter of his earliest and best friend, the Hon. James Taylor. An accident,, fortunately unattended with serious consequences, occurred at the bridge near the foot of the Main Range, last Wednesday afternoon. The bridge (an open one) is 70 miles 10 chains from Ipswich, about 150 feet long, and from 50 to 55 feet above the gully over which it in erected. The down train, which left Toowoomba at 12 o'clock, consisted of seven carriages or trucks, viz., three sheep trucks, (four wheelers), three goods trucks, and one passenger van. It is supposed that the axle box of one of the sheep trucks broke suddenly at a point about twenty- five or thirty yards distant from the Toowoomba side of the bridge, and that the stoppage of the train was therefore impossible. Crossing the bridge the under portion of the truck was removed from its position, aud together with wheels, axle boxes, &c;, hurled into the gully be- neath. Approaching the Helidon side of the bridge the truck turned over on its side, and many of the sheep were lost in the waters below, the remainder "taking to the bush" immediately they were afforded the opportunity of "touching terra firma." The passengers escaped without injury, many being quite unaware of the narrow line by which for a few moments their fate was held in suspense. fGreat credit is due to the railway officials for the prompt manner in which the line was cleared and the passengers forwarded to their desti- nation. Inspector Nicholson arrived shortly after the accident, and Messrs. Thomas and Horniblow left Toowoomba by special train immediately after the arrival of the telegram respecting the mishap, and very little delay in the working of the line was observed, the up train due at 3.23 arriving in Toowoomba about 4.40. A GOOD ghost story is going the rounds of the Drayton township. A Drayton swain enamoured with a 'Toowoomba beauty'' was in the habit of paying his devotions at frequent and regular inter- vals, the majority taking place in the evening and extending on many occasions into the 'witch- ing hours" of night. Gifted with a strong constitution, our hero cared little for the homeward pilgrimage, and notwithstanding that his road lay in close proximity to the cemetery he thought little of spirits aud ghostly visitations, save, that he deemed it expedient to hum or whistle a selection from '"Johnny comes marching," &c;, while passing the grounds, and to continue the same until he arrived at a safe and convenient distance from the cemetery boundary. Now it so happened that on the evening, of say Monday or Tuesday last, the fences surrounding the cemetery were undergoing repairs, and abont midnight the sexton was aroused by the sound of strangers in the grounds. Opening his window he discovered a number of stray cattle running among the graves, and accordingly he hastened, habited in night-dress and tassiled cap, to expel the intruders. The last calf had been mustered aud expelled, and the vigilant guardian of the graveyards was in the act of "shying" his last missile at the refractory animals previous to arranging the fence, when our swain arrived upon the scene. Strongly under the impression that the spirits were at work, and con- fident that they were about to call him to account for the "fibs" he had uttered on "Juliet's baloony," he "let out a yell," stuck spurs to his horse, and hastened with utmost speed to his home in the parish of Drayton. The sexton, much amused, " went home to bed." THE Queen's Variety Troupe made their first appearance at the School of Arts on Wednesday last. The attendance was good, and the perfor- mance the best of its kind. Mr Mat Riley was loudly applauded in "Lannigan's Ball," and scarcely a member of the company escaped without an encore. The daring feats performed by "Lotty," the female gymnaste, fairly astonished the audience, while the Japanese juggler contributed to their delight aud amusement. THE tender of Mr J. Garget for the erection of three double-story buildings, in lieu of the premises now occupied by Mr J. Tant, was accepted ou Wed- nesday last. The buildings, when completed, will be occupied by Messrs. J. A. Lehman and J. Tant ; contract price, about £4,500. AT Inglewood, on the 10th instant, two men named respectively Kelly and Clarke were appre- hended by senior-constable M'Manus on suspicion of cattle stealing. The men had been mustering at Bodumba for several days, and when apprehended were on their way to New England. Their draft consisted of ninety- five bead, thirteen of which number have been claimed by Mr R. Bracker, of Warroo, and six by inhabitants of Inglewood. The prisoners were remanded to Thursday. The fol- lowing information relating to the hearing of the case, for which we are indebted to Mr Sub Inspector Harris, was received last night :— " Four clear cases of cattle stealing have been proved against the prisoners under section 6 of the Cattle Stealing Prevention Act. Setence in each case - six months imprisonment, concurrently." 