STAWE1L JUMPS. Shepherding, Lands Management, Mining, and Taxation, To the Editor of The Herald. Sir, — Your artiole in this evening a issue, on tho Stawoll jumps, thould surely call the attention of the powers that be, and of the taxpayers at large and their supposed reprc - aentativee, to tuo glorious, nones:, eievrr management of our Crown lands, and tho ex ceedingly clover, business-like way, of work ing our mining system. On referring to tho Estimates for the year (and now before tho Assembly), you will find that there is a large amount of shepherding done by, and for, mine folks. The small sum of -£72,000 (and a few odd hundreds) are put down, as monoy required for tho "survey, sale, and management of Crown lands." You will also find that there is another small sum of £23,0C0, within a lew pounds, for " tho Mining department." You will next find another trifling amount of £21,000 and odd for " tho Registrar-General's and Bogistrar of Titles' department." As tho latter sum is composed of a mixed class of items for statistical purposes and so forth, say that wo tako off a considerable portion, aud we have upwards of £100,000 spent annually (to come out of tea, coffee, tobacco, &c; , or in some other form) for what ? Well, as it appoars, to leave an opportunity for inen to blow each othor'a brains out, or Bomothing lileo it, in tho event of disputes as to mines and titles thereto. As to which, 'Sir, there should surely be none, if heads of departments, surveyors, deed clerks, registrars, &c; , were capable of dci>g, and did their duty as they should. £100,000 and upwards per annum, to provide maobinery, &c.; (or good aud protective laws), and what is it ? In the event of any discovery of value where is tho protection, not only as in this particular Instance, but in all others — to miners, bona fido, following that occupation, ns well as to peoplo wishing to bona fide settlo on the lands ? But, Sir, thero is another serious question involved, and that is, What about tho future of this country, morally, socially and politically, if wo persist in our present course of actiun in dealing with tho lands of the people, not only of tho present but of future generations ? 1 This large sum of £100000, without reference to what it costs in administering law (tho shadow but not the substance of justice, as wo dally experience), would go a long way, if wisely expended, in removing much of the distress and misery in our midst. What with land blocked up against mining, agricultural, and other legitimate and beneficial purposes, and a Press slavishly inclined towards a class of the community, who arc tho smallest, by .long odds, in number, and who practice, when in tho city, after doing tho block, turtle soup, and champagne, somewhere about the top of Collins street, in an easterly direction, and probably visit a fashionable cburoh on Sun day, it strikeB mo forcibly that thero will not be a ghost of a smell of tnrtlo soap and -champagne for those who provide both, ex- cept some alteration is made very shortly to get us into new paths and fresh systems. Bah ! Bosh ! Wealth in excess for a few, poverty and wretchedness for the mass, and yet this is what is wanted and aimed at here. Are they the products of Christianity and civilisation wherever the words are heard ? If bo, burn the Bibles, tear down the temples, or convort them to bettor purposes ; but I have more faith in the teachings of the glorious army of martyrs who have gone before, Sir, 'than suppose that the words of One who said, "Do unto others as you would bs done unto," and " Love your neigh- ' bor as yourself," were uttered in vain. Sot these commands at nought, aud what follows dor tho lot of us — even tho miser with his money bags ? If " I am in the place whero I am demanded of conscience," &c.;, let mo speak the truth at all hazards, whether the swells of the earth are offended or not. Our taxation. Sir, is immense, and who gets it ? It is said it is for good government, and what do wo get? We pay our members £300 each per annum, and, last night, whilst hundreds of thousands of pounds were voted, there were present sixteen or seventeen members, besides the Chairman of Committees, looking after the interests . of their constituents. It is a question whether we should he much worse without either Parliament or Government. The hollow \- -mockery, jobbery, and dodgery that Is practise! are disgusting in the extreme. It \- was certainly edifying to witness the debate lost night in reference to clerks of petty . sessions— their qualifications, pay, troubles, . and so forth — as ajsample of what may be done in a particular direction. If honest government is intended by the bastard pro- tection-cum-free-trade party, let them open the lands to settlement. Don't let tho lands be closed, and a sham system of protection . be adopted with regard to them as well as to the people's labor. What, Sir, would you, \- or any sensible person, expect if the Minister of Lands wished honestly and Bincerely to give the laboring men the means and benefit of curtailing? their hours of labor, but that he should have inserted penal clauses in his Eight Honrs' Bill, aud given the men an opportunity of protecting their only capital (labor) by tho legal power to enter Into contracts with each other regarding the method and time of workine, and the remuneration for work. The Minister, I' -apprehend, is a lawyer of first standing, and be mnst know his Bill, if passed, will be practically useless, and a dead letter, saving . as to the recognition by Parliament of the \- principle thai eight hoars should constitute a day's work. ' Last Bession the same gentle man had his attention called to the foot that tbero was a desire for settlement on the land by co-operative action, he should know the state of tho country, and particularly of the city aud suburbs as to ita laboring peoplo. Why was he not ready as the champion of bona fide settlement, and, as the protector of the laborer should have been, if not dead to the interests of his clients, with a short bill, of two or three clauses, to Introduce in the early part of tbiB session, to enable men. and women too, to relieve themselves of their unfortunate budget of troubles, get out of a city's back . slums, and start settlement, as wanted, nd enjoy the pure air of the country; being thereby enabled to produce something for themselves, so that they need not live on \- others, or starve oat a miserable existence. Sir, I trust your journal will be properly supported, and that yon will speak out honestly and boldly in the cause of the struggling poor — the forced loafers and idlers of tho community — that they may bo relieved from the worse than brutal condi tion they are in. A horse, after ita day's work, is fed and oared for by the hands of a careful owner ; but what of tho workman, in most instances? Are there not the large charitable institutions, if they build and support them? If the Government are honest and a people's Government, why do they attempt to look the door to labor and prevent its obtaining any advantage by the repairing or even building vessels to carry onr mails, i Why play so much in the hands of a wealthy English company ? The present Chief Secretary had his attention drawn long ago (in 1868) to the injustice perpetrated on the publlo by our legal proceedings. What has been done to alter it ? Nothing but promises ; and so it seems likely to be to the end of the chapter. Live horse, and thou shalt have grass. I am in clover. Bo comfortable yo great un washed 1 . Look at mo, and be filled ! is something like the anBWOr of the great aud eood.— Yours obediently. . W. FAIRHUBST. Workman's Hal', Lonsdale street. 