COTTAGE HOMES AT NORTH ADELAIDE. During the last two years a number of benevolent ladies and gentlemen in the city have been making efforts to supply a want wbich W been severely felt, more especially in those "hard times" which seem happily, if temp orarily, to have gone by. It must always be a painful thing for those who have lived in positions of re spectability and comfort to be compelled by re verse of circumstances, failure of health, or, in the case of women, by the loss of those on whom they had depended for their livelihood, to resort to the Destitute Asylum in order to obtain shelter and food. The object of those who are establishing the " cottage homes for the aged and infirm poor and for widows" is to provide house room for such as these, and without entirely undertaking their support to relieve them of a great deal of the anxiety which they would feel if in their straitened circumstances they were wholly dependent upon their own exertions for their support. The scheme which has been decided upon cannot, owing to the lack of funds, be carried out to its full extent immediately, but a good beginning will at once be made. The insti tution mil be quite unsectarian, for the inmates are to be selected by the subscribers, who will vote on a scale according to the amount of their donations, and of course the lists will be open to all who are charitably disposed. It is pro vided that subscribers of £100, which has been estimated as the cost of two rooms, shall during their lifetime have the right of nominating an occupant to one home, and this right may be vested permanently in a corporate body or con gregation on payment of a donation of £125. Archdeacon Marryat, the Hon. A. Blyth, M.F., and Mr. H. Q. Walters have been appointed to act as trustees until the Society is incorpo rated. An acre of land at North Adelaide, with frontages to Stanley-street and Kingston terrace, has been purchased at a" cost of £130. The property is to be divided by a road running through the centre from east to west, and also by a thoroughfare from Stanley street to the centre road. The first block will consist of five cottages at the east end of Stanley street, of which set it is intended to build two, of a couple of rooms each, at present, and the second lot will consist of a similar number of houses at the 'west end. When these are finished there will be a row of nine houses on Kingston-terrace, The centre one will be two \- storoy,and will contain about seven rooms;It is intended that when erfected it shall be docupied by some person who will have the supervision of the other buildings. Glen Osmond stone will be used up to the plinth, and limestone above, with brick dressings. There will be moulded labels over the doors and windows. At the ends of the smaller rows there are to be gables to break the long line of roof, with louvres for the purposes of ventilation. There will be gabletsat intervals in the block facing Kingston terrace. The plans have been drawn by Mr. D. Garlicb, who has kindly returned the amount of his commission to Committee. The cost of the two cottages, which it is thought will be ready for occupation in two or three months, will be about £290. The amount actually re ceived has been £413, and as above mentioned the land cost £130. The foundation-stone of the cottages was laid on Monday, October 27, by Mrs. Musgrave. There was a large and fashionable atten dance, the gathering including ministers and ladies and gentlemen of various denominations. The service was read by the Venerable Arch deacon Marryat, and the hymns were sung by an efficient choir, Mr. Frockter presiding at the harmonium. Mrs. Musgrave, who was accompa nied by His Excellency the Governor, Miss Musgrave, and Mr. Newbury (Aide-de-Camp), performed her part- gracefully, reading the words, "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place thiE foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost;" and then declaring the stone to be " truly and properly laid." The trowel which Mrs. Musgrave used in laying the stone is a handsome piece of workmanship, and was made by Mr. H. Steiner. It is of silver, with an ebony handle. The blade is ornamented by representations of the rose, thistle, and sham rock, and there are beautifully worked fern leaves at the end of the handle. It bears the following inscription; —" Presented to Mrs. Musgrave at the laying of the foundation-stone of the Cottage Homes for the Aged Poor, N. Adelaide, 27th October, 1873." A bottle con taining copies of the Register and Advertiser of Monday, and a scroll hearing the subjoined information, were deposited under the stone, which was presented by Messrs. Brown and Thompson;— " The foundation-stone of these cottage homes for the aged and infirm poor and widows was laid by Mrs. Musgrave on the 27th October, A.D. 1873, being the 37th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the first year of the Governorship of His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., and the 37th year of the history of the colony of South Aus tralia. The members of the Committee were Mesdames A. Blyth, Farr, Haining, Hay, Hart, Marryat, Parsons, Stuckey, J. Scott, Miss McMinn; Honorary Secretary, Mrs. Gawler; Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. R. Stuckey, Archdeacon Marryat; Architect, Mr. D. Garlick; Builder, Mr. G. Newman." At the conclusion of the service. The Hon. A. Hat, M.L.C., said he had great pleasure, on behalf of the Committee, in thank ing Mrs. Musgrave for laying the foundation stone. Knowing how ready she had always been since her arrival to perform any act likely to tend to the welfare of the colonists there was no great surprise at her doing such an act as this. No doubt the work was as yet on a compara tively small scale, but we were a comparatively small people, and not able to oome up to the charities of this sort in Great Britain, America, and other countries, but he trusted the begin ning which had been made would be a credit to Mrs. Musgrave, who had laid the stone, and would tend to the welfare and happiness of the infirm and aged individuals for whom it was intended. He had been asked to hand Mrs. Musgrave the trowel which she had used. It would be one memorial of the many good deeds which he was sure she would perform while among us, Mr. Hay then handed the trowel to Mrs. Musgrave. His Excellency the Governor said he wished he could have persuaded Mrs. Musgrave herself to make her acknowledgments for the compli ment which had been paid ber. He believed she could do it better than he could, for without going to the extreme length to which some champions of women's rights went, he believed as new ideas and the spirit of the times diffused themselves amongst us we should perceive that woman was the more able part of that noble animal, man. On this occasion Mrs. Musgrave preferred that he should return thanks on her behalf, and express the pleasure it gave her in being able to take part in the initiation of this undertaking. She wished them to feel that whilst she resided in this community she was a part of it, and that whilst at the head she was also near the heart, not only joining in the social pleasures and duties, but in the sorrows and griefs of our little community. In no place where Mrs. Musgrave had lived had there been a greater freedom from that grinding poverty which existed elsewhere, but there was here to some extent that want which existed in every commu nity among the infirm poor and aged—those who could not dig, and to beg who were ashamed, and no task could be more noble than to smooth their path down to the grave. The Catholic and unsectarian nature of this undertaking commended itself to Mrs. Mus grave's sympathies and enlisted her cordial co-operation. A native of her country could appreciate this help which was given without State aid, for in no country were benevolent institutions endowed more abundantly by private contributions than in America, where the Government was scarcely looked to to do anything which the people could do for themselves, but only that which it was better they should not undertake. She saw in this institution a tribute only justly due to many of the aged and infirm who were among the pioneers—the forlorn hope who stormed the breach and conquered for us this now rich and prosperous country, who endured hardships and .privations which early settlers must do, and spent their early strength in laying deep and strongthe foundation of the colony which we now occupied, who were living battered and broken far away from those who might have helped them, and perhaps without connections or children to aid them in their age and infirmity. Such ! as these had claims upon us which we could not disregard, and for such as these these asylums were intended. No one who had felt the loneli ness of desertion iu a strange land would refuse j to give every assistance to such a work as this. I These were Mrs. Musgrave's very proper senti ments, in which he concurred, and he begged to thank them for the compliment they had paid to both Mrs. Musgrave and himself, and for the courtesy which had been shown them. The proceedings closed with cheers for the Queen, Mrs. Musgrave and the ladies, and the Governor. The collections on the ground amounted to £22 7s. 2d. 