' MODERN GH03TS. j QnOBTS s'.em to liavo transferred thoir favours from tho suburb* and police courts of London to. a still moro credulous conntry than oar om. In jVmerica'they aro becoming a .daily nuisance, and the columns of leading journals ora continually devoted to chronicling their movements. The latest accounts speak of six notorious case?, nil-contemporary and in full'forco up to date. Queis the'ghost of a little boy with golden hair, «nd drostcdiu brown, who is always looking- throufrh tho , window of- a school- at .Newburyport, kept by a certain Miss Perkins, and frightening. hor-and her pupils out of such wits as thoy may .happen ."> havd among thom, A second is tho caho ot a-Miss Clementina Joue», of Lnnsingburjr, who is -victimised by tho yelling ofrh'naci' countable'voices, the sound of footsteps', und, in general, bv the V shadow of mystery," whatever that may mean "A third fjhoft is a young man who haunt* tho d ri vor of tho engine Von Moltko, -on tho Syracuse and Bing hampton Railway." " A mysterious voieo proclaiming the pretence of tho spectre an tho engine," is heard all the r,ay to IMurathcn- not, wc rnurt asjumo, tho Mara than of olassio memory. Tho driver alone ECOS her, buttha sr lard once heard theso awful words,' "Now, Billy, I've got you. and will throw you into tho wator." After this both' guard and'driver naturally ref usad to rna Voa Moltke any moro, and their, places were supplied by other mon. Ghost numbor four is a hnmnn hoad, which visits a house in Virginia, with glaring eyes, a throat cut from ' dar to oar, and uttering cries for ?'" b'ood." ; Tho ownor of tho honso is said to have offored tb sell it, ghoBt and all, for half its yalaa. : Bat tho fir th ia ; tho most wonderful of all-it is tho ghost of a railway engine, running- at Newark on the 10th of "every month, with na'usual punctuality, at' 12 o'clock p.m. JSix hundred people actually gathered together on tho last occasion, and,' though they eaw nothing, (heard a most uumistakublo whistle at the proper hour. Lastly, .Mr, Charles Dickens is dictating to a compositor the continuation of "Edwin Drood.',' - All theeo eases rest on '. the best authority." Wonderful things hannon in America ; and perhaps not the least wonderful thing is the Groat Republic's self glorification on ita being free from tho worn-out super- stitions of our credulous Old World.-Globe. 