EPITOME OF NEWS We compile the following from the various Journals to hand: The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :-The va garies of a young Hereford bull caused some alarm to a number of persons on Friday last. The animal had proceeded quietly enough, when it suddenly charged its drivers, and after upsetting them with out doing them any particular injury, it galloped along Watt-street, into the bar of the Albion Hotel, kept by Mr. A. Watt. The animal remained behind the bar in undisputed possession, for some minutes, when Mr. Whyte managed to eject it from the premises, fortunately before any damage had been done. The bull was afterwards seen charging furiously in the direction of the Lake Macquarie Road. The ' Dubbo Dispatch's' Mundooran correspondent writes:-Some five weeks ago our Sergeant received instructions that a man named lanes had stolen a lot of horses, the property of some person on the Lower Castlereagh. He immediately sent Constable Scott, who has just re turned, having captured him. It has evi dently been one of the most brave and gallant captures ever effected by any member of the force. Scott followed him out on to the Barwon River, swim ming all the creeks and rivers between, continuing his journey through the wet weather just over, sometimes for whole days without food, and camping at night without a blanket. When innes first saw Scott he galloped away, and, coming to a creek, swam it; Scott also tackled it, but his horse being nearly knocked up could not breast the current, and was washed down some distance and came out on the same side he went in. Scott then undressed himself, leaving his clothes in a tree, and taking his revolver and hand cuffs in one hand, swam across the creek. Here he got a horse and followed Innes, having only a blanket to cover himself. At a public house on the third day he captured Innes, and got a suit of clothes. When returning, and camping for the night, Innes made a dash into the creek (then running a banker) and Scott after him. Innes is a splendid swimmer, and, although handcuffed, got a great advan tage over Scott, who carried his revolver in hand over his head. InneB got ahorse and galloped away on him, leaving Scott in a fix; but this determined and ener getic oficer ran after him as far as he could, till, seeing a hone with a saddle and bridle on, ran to him and found it to be his police horse, left on. that side of the creek some days before. He imme diately followed Innes, and, after a lapse of two days, during which time he was always in water, and his horse knocked up, he ran Innes down on foot, and, with a great deal of trouble, succeeded in bringing him to Mundooran, from whence he proceeds to Dubbo. Scott is a'young member of the police force, and although he has been most energetic in trying to suppress crime, he never haB had an op portunity of showing himself in his true colours till now. TMb affair shows him to be a plucky fellow, having travelled up wards of 500 miles after Innes. Many would have given up the idea of pursu ing a man when such rivers as the Namoi and Barwon flooded separated them. The 'Mercury's' Jerry's Plains corre spondent writes :-The party mentioned as going kangarooing in my last letter succeeded in getting 12 kangaroos' tails in less than three hours. Some others were killed, but were not found. The country is full of kangaroos, and when the dogs were all tired and footsore some fifty kangaroos were seen quietly feeding on the side of a big hill. Nearly every female killed had a young one in her pouch. All passed off well- no accident of any kind happened to mar the sport, with the exception of the usual stakes and scratches which the dogs nearly always receive. It is expected that before next Christ mas there will be railway communication from Wodonga to Melbourne. It is rumoured {says the ' Age*) that the Rev. Duncan Riser purposes entering an action in the Supreme , Court against Mr. James M'Dowall, of Ballaiat, to re cover £2000 as damages for alleged slan der. The girl Lamb, who was charged at the Geelong police court with stabbing her father in the face with a putty knife, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. As she left the court she shook her clenched fists, and said she had not the slightest objection to swing on the gallows if it would afford the public any amuse ment. A woman named Marie Randall has died under extraordinary circumstances at Auckland. Her body was found in half a nude state in the cemeteiy, most of her clothes having been taken off and placed by her side. The shawl had been folded up and put under her head like a pillow. Dr. Nicholson, who made a post mortem examination of the body, stated that the woman had died from the effects of drink and exposure. Deceased must have undressed herself and lain down, thinking she was getting into bed. The ' Wagga Express' says:-Mr. Rob bins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last, when he cr.me upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him one portion made a move in the direction ; of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they.approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu-a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. Mr. P.obbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyncracy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about 80 yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when witiiin reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well-directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards' distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. " The Fool" considered himself equal to the oc casion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a si milar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until four of their whilom com rades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. The ' Australasian' saysAt the Sand hurst Police Court, John Flayed, land lord of the Freemasons' Hotel, was charged with having assaulted Alfred Sayers, late legal manager of the Hart man's Concord Company. The case arose out of the extraordinary disturbance and " all round" fight which took place at the meeting of this company held in the Post office chambers on the evening of 1st July last. On that occasion, it will be remem bered, the directors, acting on legal ad vice, seized the company's books from Mr. Sayers, who was under suspension for neglect of duty. In the mel£e that followed, Sayers was pushed from his seat, and hurled into the fireplace, whilst several other shareholders met with treat ment equally unpleasant. In his evidence , Sayers swore that Flayed, who first set ! the ball going, having seized the books, caught hold of him by the collar and pushed hT into the chimney, and he narrowly escaped being burnt to death ; I indeed he came in contact with the kettle and would have been in flames in another instant had not a friend come to his res cue. Another witness caused much mer riment by stating that he actually saw the manager flying about the room in mid-air, his legs pointing upwards, with his head downwards, but he could not say whether Flayed caused him to perform that sin gular feat. On the other side evidence was given proving that no blows were struck by Flayed, and that Sayers was pushed into the fire by the table striking against him in the general scramble for the door. The Bench, however, con sidered that an assault had been com mitted, although not one of a deliberate or premeditated nature, and a fine of 20s. was inflicted, with 23s. 6d. costs. Egles, of the * Australasian,'writes : Every second day a child murder! Isn't it -time that some effort was made to es tablish a foundling hospital! It seems to me that the non-interference system doesn't check the birth of children out of wedlock ; and we might just as well say® the infants from slaughter, and the mo thers from murder. Absolute inability to maintain her offspring, and dismay at the disgrace of her position, prompts the young mother to the commission of a de testable crime. The tendency of public policy is for the state to stand towards the people, and especially towards young people, in loco parentis. It undertakes their education, it feeds them and birches them, it remits the waifs and strays to re formatories and training ships. The de serted child of three years old, discovered helpless in the street, finds a foster-parent, in the watch house sergeant-the embodi ment of national benevolence. Let this parental care be amplified, so that the victim of seduction may have no longer the excuse for murder or the temptation to commit it, and simplify the process of making the other parent pecuniarily liable for the expense to which the state is put. Not a few people will, I think, admit that the squeamishness which declines to deal with social problems of this kind arises from what Coleridge called " goodyness, not goodness." The * Argus' reports that on Thursday evening a fisherman named Timothy Leary, residing at Geelong, lighted a fire in a common perforated nailcan, and placed it in his bedroom, the purpose being to dry the walls, which were very damp, there being no fireplace. The fire had nearly gone out when Leary and his wife retired for the night. During the night, Leary was awakened by hearing his wife groaning and making a gurgling noise, and rising up to ascertain the cause be came unconscious himself. The mother of a lad named Peterson, who was sleep ing in a room upstairs with the children, called early next morning, but found no one about, and on going to the bedroom in question she found both Mr. and Mrs. Leary lying apparently dead, the former ' on the bed, and the latter with her legs on the mattress and her head on the floor. Drs. Foster, Shaw, and Day were called in, and applied the usual means of re- storation, and had the window of the room opened, bo as to admit fresh air. It was, however, some time before the means adopted were effectual, and Leary, a strongly built man, was laid up yester day from the effects of the pariial suffoca tion he had undergone. The wife, who was in a delicate state of health, continued insensible for many hours, and was unable to speak during the whole of yesterday, and can scarcely be considered out of danger. This case shows the danger of using fires in rooms where there are no chimneys or other mode of ventilation. The ' Murrurundi Times' says :-At the instance of the Sheep Inspector, Mr. Dowe, ]VIrs. Parnell was charged on Tuesday laBt with having neglected to register her sheep in accordance with tho Act, and was fined, including Court expenses, 23s. A married woman named Charlotte Doel was found drowned, a few days ago, in the reservoir at Botany. It seems she was greatly addicted to intem perance, but when last seen alive was sober. . Telegram from Melbourne, m Herald, of 24th ult. Mr. Higinbotham has given notice that he will propose the introduc tion of a clause into the Electoral Act giving the franchise to all adult females. The Government have abandoned the idea of treating the police force as mem bers of the Civil Service.-The Govern ment sent to England for j>lO0 worth of ftax seed for distribution.-William Wade and Michael Burke, produce merchants at Geelong, are charged with fraudulent in solvency. Ditto from Adelaide :-A seam of coal, 18 inches thick, has been struck at a depth of 50 feet on the Coorong.-Assays of the gold-bearing stone from the Northern Ter ritory yield from 20 to 60 ounces to. the ton. _ ; It appears, by a letter in the * Herald, that it will probably be nearly a year be fore Mr. Mort's establishment for freez ing meat at Bowenfels can be in active operation. Mr. Mori adds :-It is true that the difficulties which have so long be set my path in regard of the obtainment of a process which should in .all respects be what I sought, have been at last over come by the genius" of my friend Mr. Nicolle. I had it in my mind some time ago to hare sent an experimental ship ment to England simply for the purpose of claiming .for New South Wales the honour of being the first in '..he English market; but as honour was the only in gredient in the thought, I was led to abandon it on hearing from my London correspondents' that Texan frozen meat had already been sold side by side with fresh meat in the English shambles, and so I determined not to fritter away time in doing what in truth I have been doing so long, and so thoroughly satisfied my self upon, but direct my whole energies to the accomplishment of my task on a commercial scale, and this latter I steadily doing. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, last week, Maiy Voss was prosecuted by Edward Voss, her husband, for having i put him in bodily fear by threatening that she would take his life. She had been drunk for a fortnight, and had five chil dren ; unless she was restrained by law he apprehended that she will do some in jury to him. Ordered to ente"? into a recognisance, with two sureties in ,£20 each, to keep the peace for six months. The ' B. F. Press' Bays-.-During the practice at all Sainis' belfry, a new be ginner, when in the act of pulling one of ! the ropes, narrowly escaped hanging. The rope by some means coiled round his^^saa neck; and he was lifted -a few" iSBHffi® the ground without hiB consent. The jerk, however, did not break his neck, neither did the pressure upon his throat strangle him j and w® are thus saved from the unpleasant necessity of describing " An Execution in a Church." i The ' Argus' says :-A luminous visitor J from upper air, and. as unwelcome as un usual, made its appearance on board the I barque Koh-i-noor on the voyage of that vessel from Newcastle to Melbourne. The barque encountered very heavy wea ther, and on the 1.5th instant during a tremendous storm of thunder and -light ning, a ball of fire burst on deck, and seemed to spread all over the vessel. . There was nothing damaged on deck,-' but one of the crew was struck ot i!ne thigh, and laid up for two day£ The man felt as if he had been struck ,*ith an iron bolt or other heavy substance, Telegram from Melbourne, in 'Herald' of 25th ult.The Governments Vic toria has sent a despatch to New Zea land, which is likely to result in an ar rangement with the colony for supporting jointly both a Guile and California ser vice.-The Rip Fund amountB to ,£2500. -There was a large shipment of pavalry horses for India per the City of Agra yes terday.-Three hundred navvies are on strike on the third section of the North Eastern Railway. The men are very or derly.-The Inier-Colonial Ploughing Match at Geelong was a great success. There were upwards of four thousand spectators. The prize ploughing, for which there were forty-one competitors, was very good. Single Plough, Class W.: W. Boss, of Miner's liest, 1; Draffin 2, Harris 3-all Victorians. The tfork of Robinson, of Launceston, was higllgr.com mended. Garde, of Melbourne, was first in the double furrow class. The trial of ploughs takes place to-morrow. Ditto from Adelaide :-A Southport telegram reports that the teams are insufficient to get the machinery to the claims, and that the natives are annoying travellers.-The Chamber of Commerce reports in favour of a railway to the Murray, and the report has been adopted. -The revenue for the year ending June 30th was .£833,000, showing an increase of £158,000. The expenditure was ,£733,000, being an increase of X24,000. \--The exports of breadstuff's since yester day week amount to 1600 tons. A Geelong paper says :-A serious acci dent occurred at the Victorian Woollen Factory. One of the employes, a young man named Angus M'Laren, while at , work, had hiB left arm dragged by a revolving belt into the machinery and frightfully mangled. A compound. fra6 ture was sustained between the elbow and shoulder, and the bonts protruded through the flesh, while the arm was otherwise badly crushed. The 'H. T. Mercury' saysTo-day, our obituary contains intimation of the death of Mrs. Aldridge, who arrived in this colony wivh her father, mother, two brothers, and three sisters, in the ship Berwick, emigrant vesBel, in the year 1823.-William Harding, 70 years of age, died suddenly last evening. Deceased bad been a very heavy drinker for many years. He has been in the colony up wards of forty years.-Emma Matthews, aged nine years, was gathering shingles near a house that was partially pulled down, when a wall fell, and fractured the base of her skull. She is not expected to recover. Saturday s ' Mercury' says :-The loir lying lands around Maitland are sub merged, but the very great quantity of surface water that has lodged on all the lower parts of the town and surrounding district indicates that the fall has been unusually haavy, and has extended throughout the whole district. Between Maitland and Newcastle there is a vast quantity of land under water. The la goons behind Morpeth contain a larger | _ quantity of water than at any time since r the 1870 series of floods. At West Mait land last evening, at sundown, the river was about eleven feet at the Bridge. Menetrey, charged with attempting to murder Mr. Walter Green, near Mait land, has been again remanded, owing to the death of Mr. Green's grandfather. At Morpeth, the other day, two seamen of the steamer Maitland were bringing a kedge round in a boat from aft to for ward, when the boat capsized and sank. One man was saved; the other, known as Fred, being unable to swim, was drowned. Wallace has .been sentenced to death, without hope of mercy, for violating Mrs. Cook, near Ballarat. Henry Hough has been charged with setting fire to the office of the ' Miners' Advocate,' at Wallsond, with intent to defraud the Sydney Insurance Company. He was remanded on £160 bail. The ' Evening News' states that Mr. G. B. Shaw, the artist, was lately in Messrs. Bradley, Newton, <£; Co.'s ware room, Sydney, looking over the articles adver tised to be sold on the following day, when, not perceiving a gangway, or open ing, in the floor at the head of the stair case connecting two storeys, he stepped into it, and as he fell forward his right shoulder came upon the opposite edge of the gangway, with such force as to break the bone near the socket, and also to dislo cate the shoulder. He then fell npon the stairs and rolled down to the next floor. Had he fallen a few feet further from the top of the stairs, so as to drop at once upon the under floor, lie must have sus tained further and probably fatal injury. The ' B. F. Press' says On Sunday last a lad named M'Kenzie, who resides at Raglan, had two of his left hand fingers smashed by the falling of a heavy rail. The boy was resting his hand on the second rail of a fence on the top rail of which another lad was sitting. The weight upon the top one caused it to break and fall upon M'Kenzie's fingers. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says : Martin Suinmerfield, a farmer residing oil the Main range, was discovered about midnight on the 15th instant, near his house, where a log or limb of a tree he had been attempting to remove fell, struck liim on the head, and fractured his skulL Dr. Roberts attended the unfortunate man, but the injuries were of so serious a nature that death ensued on the 17th. The ' M. R. News' of July 19 says : The most severe frost of which we have had any experience on the Manning was visible last Saturday morning. Until long after sunrise the ground was as white as if it had been covered with snow, and ice more than half-an-inch thick stood in tubs that had been left out all night. Sunday and Monday had also their frosts, but they were not so severe as that to which we have alluded. We regret to be compelled to add that cane crops have suffered severely in various localities. We notice too that bananas have been killed to the root wherever they were grown. The 'Mercury' says:-One of those \- disturbances common to seafaring life oc curred on Thursday night last, on board the ship Arden Craig, then lying in the harbour at Newcastle. A row was started in the forecastle between the seamen, and the mate went forward to restore order but was threatened by the noisy belli gerents with violence if he attempted to interfere. One of the sailors, a coloured ' man, threatened to take his life if he came in, and was in the act of leaning over his bunk to get a belaying pin to carry his threat into execution when the mate, who had an iron roller in his hand, struck the man on the head, inflicting an "ugly gash a few inches above the left eye. This was the commencement of a general row. The mate, seeing how matters stood, made for v the after cabin, followed by the infuriated seamen, with belaying pins, and other im plements, which were used as missiles, at the same time threatening to take the lives of the oflicers and burn the ship. The chief officer made his escape in the Bhip's boat, gave information to the po lice, and three of the ringleaders were ar rested, and taken to the lock-up. On be ing brought before the local bench next morning, on a charge of disorderly con duct, the man the mate had struck pre sented an unsightly appearance, the whole of the left side of his face being covered with clotted blood. The three men were sent to the cells for forty-eight hours. The 'Herald' says:-In the Divorce Court there has, as yet, been nothing done. A good many enquiries have been made at the Court office ; but no petitions have been filed, or any initiatory proceedings taken. It is understood that a good deal of dissatisfaction has been ex pressed at the present scale of fees; which is stigmatised as being extremely exorbi tant. Certainly the severance of the ma trimonial tie will apparently be a luxury reserved only for the wealthy; for, even at a moderate computation, it does not seem that the costs of a Divorce suit will amount to less than £300 or £400, pre suming that all parties obtain a hearing. Telegram from Melbourne, in ' Herald' of 26th ult. :-It was decided in the As sembly yesterday evening that the time for polling at elections shall be extended from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., and that no elector shall vote more than once under a penalty of .£50. The House declined to extend the franchise to the police force. An other infant, four months old, was found abandoned in the streets yesterday even ing.-A telegram from San Francisco, dated July 23, states that not one bag of grain is loading. The South Australian Government has telegraphed to the Agent General in Lon don to arrange preliminaries for sending out two shiploads of agricultural people to be here by the next harvest, and pro poses placing on the Supplementary esti mates £5000, which, with £4000 unex pended from last year, will be available to meet harvest demands. Saturday's * Herald' says It rained almost incessantly yesterday, but we are glad to learn that weather such as we have had in Sydney has not extended into the interior. It cannot even have gone as far Westward as the foot of the Dividing Range, or the rivers which drain the Eastern slopes would before this have been running bank-high, and some of the low-lying districts have probably been overwhelmed by the flood waters. In Sydney the streets have been nearly de serted, and business has been reduced to a minimum. The heavy rain which has fallen has washed all the thoroughfare perfectly clean, and locomotion is not therefore attended with the usual amount of mud in wet weather. The 1 Albuiy Banner' says :-An elderly man named Henry Beattie died suddenly at Sandy Creek, near Jindera. The de ceased had been engaged for three months as tutor in a family named Clark, and on the conclusion of the term for which he had agreed, went to stop for a day or two with a shepherd in the neighbourhood. The shepherd left Beattie in the hut on Friday morning in apparently good health, but on his return at niglit the deceased was lying on the bed, to all appearance asleep, but in reality quite dead. The ' Herald' of 25th ult. says :-The report of the Joint Stock Bank, adopted at the general meeting yesterday, states that the profits for the past half- year amounted to £38,898 19s. 9d., and there was a credit-balance of £5264 15s. 3d. from previous account, making a total of .£44,163 15s. After deducting rebate for bills current, <fcc., £38,940 15s. 2d. was available for distribution; .£7000 was added to reserve fund, increasing it to £27,000, and ,£3465 was written off the value of bank premises. From the bal ance a dividend was declared at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, together with a bonus of Is. per share, equal in all to 9£ per cent., and ,£6060 8s. 4d. was car ried to new account. The thanks of the shareholders were accorded to the directors and officers of the bank. In the Supreme Court at Auckland, Eppwright Forster was sentenced to death for the murder of the mate of the whaling barque Rainbow, at Russell. A heavy flood has occurred at the Manawatu River, at Foxton, destroying the tram way. At Grahamstown and Taraura there has been a very heavy rainfall, which caused several landslips. A hundred tons of the Monaitairi claim fell in, and a cottage at Tarawra was smothered, besides several gardens and fences. The ' Southern Argus' says :-On Thurs day a woman named Mrs. Flach was ad mitted into the Yass liespital for treat ment of a sore leg, which she received from wearing coloured stockings unwashed. The sore was at first only a pimple which was scratched, and shortly after she put on a coloured stocking without first having it washed, and inflammation at once set in, and she had to apply for medical assistance. Counterfeit half-sovereigns are in circu lation in some of the country districts of Victoria. They purport to have been struck at the Sydney Mint in 1862. With reference to the little girl Cahill who arrived lately at Newcastle, from New Zealand, the ' Mercury' states that a constable found her father in the Anvil Creek colliery, where he had been joined by his wife and two other children on their arrival from New Zealand. The news of the child having arrived in New castle and that she was in safe keeping was extremely welcome to both parents, and the father took his child home the next day. Saturday's 1 Mercury' gives the follow ing as the result of the inquest touching the death of Mary Ann Campbell:-The Jury retired at one o'clock on Friday morning. At a quarter past two they returned as their verdict, "We believe that the deceased, Mary Ann Campbell, met her death by accidentally falling into the creek, and that the injuries to the neck were received in the fall." The prisoner, having been given in charge by a magistrate, was retained in custody. O'Neill was brought up yesterday at East Maitland, and remanded for a week on £400 bail. The ' Macleay Herald' says :-James Fairweather, the eldest son of Mr. Fair weather, of Kinchela Creek, nearly lost the sight of one eye through accidental collision with a butcher's hook.-Mr. J. Perry, whilst riding the celebrated rftcer Purston barebacked, met with a very severe mishap. Purston bolted off the road at West KempBey into the bush. Mr. Perry jumped off him, and in doing so he dislocated his ankle. The ' Braid wood Dispatch' says :-The buying up of nearly all the Church and School lands close to the town, to which we hare been dependent for our supplies of firewood, is beginning to make that necessary of life in a climate like this rather scarce and difficult to get. Al ready we hear of our wood carters having to pay, as they have been doing for some time past in Goulburn, a shilling a load for all they cut. The ' M. R. News' says :-It appears that the attention of other observers has been drawn to the existence of some property in colonial sugar which hastens its decomposition-a circumstance which materially lessens its value when coin pared with that of sugar which may be kept in stock two or three years without injury. Our belief, already expressed, is that imperfect defecation has a great deal to do with this fault; but we observe that in Queensland it is attributed to the manufacture of unripe cane. The * Wagga Express' says :-Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night, about 9 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening tim orous passers by. He possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, ar rayed in the former, he waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinson's residence and the Public Bchool the approach of some one upon whom to practise the effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately for him these very shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self-pos sessed to run. The other, however, boldly Btood her ground, and apostro phised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshly origin by declining to come too near, as the damsel's system of " laying" spirits was not to his taste. A correspondent of the 'Canterbury Times' writes:-The battle of Cape St. Vincent was fought seventy-six years ago on Friday, and the only officer now alive to commemorate that victory is Captain King (now of Taranaki), who entered the navy in 1795. He was senior lieutenant of the Sea-horse at the capture of the city of Alexandria, and in all the operations in the Potomac, &c.;, in. 1814, and was gazetted. He became commander in 1844, and was afterwards for many years Resident Magistrate at Taranaki in New Zealand, where he settled some thirty years ago. He became retired captain in March, 1852. The correspondent adds that he recently had the pleasure of see ing Captain King, who was then hale and hearty. A French sailor named Joseph BeBle was found drowned in Sydney harbour a few dayB ago. There was no evidence as to how he had got into the water. On the Manning, recently, Mr. Arthur Else, Jun., was unhorsed, and dislocated one of his wrists. The ' H. T. Mercury5 says:-By private letter from London, received by a gen tleman in this town' by the last mail, we learn that the prize pair of first- class Bel gian canaries exhibited at the Crystal Palace show of canaries, were sold to a captain of a vessel bound to Sydney, for the enormous sum of £50. The ' Northern Argus' says :-In our issue of Tuesday last, we reported that a mob of bushrangers had commenced busi ness in the Barcoo district, and now find that the report is substantially true, and that the police are already on the scoun drels' tracks. We mentioned that Brown, the manager of Malvern Hills station, and his family, had been stuck up by the rascals in question, and we are now en abled to give the correct account. It ap pears that three men called at the station and asked for a half-pound of tobacco, j Mr. Brown proceeded to the store with one of them, and was in the act of stoop ing under the counter, when the ruffian snatched hold of a loaded revolver, and, to Mr. Brown's surprise, covered him with it. On looking lip, one of the other men was observed at the door of the store, with a revolver in his hand, pre senting it at Brown, who was politely told by the robber not to look at his mate but at him. The object of the men was apparent, and Mr. Brown, being covered by two revolvers, thought discretion the better part of valour, and quietly Bur Tendered. After their sticking-up Mr. Brown, they proceeded to the house and brought over Mrs. Brown and family, leaving one of their mob-a lad of about 17 or 18, with a pistol in each hand-in charge of the prisoners, and which he discharged from sheer nervousness, a bullet passing within an inch of one of Mr. Brown's children. The state of the parents can' be readily imagined, and it was with the greatest difficulty Mrs. Brown could persuade her husband from slaying the young, candidate for the gal lows. Meanwhile the two men had pro ceeded to the house for the purpose of easing it of any available booty, and came across the iron safe, which was opened by Mr. Brown, but luckily they pnly secured some cheques to the value of £10, al though there were others in the safe amounting to about £40, which escaped their detection. The robbers next made a raid on the station armoury, and pos sessed themselves of several Terry rifles, but how they will get cartridges is an other matter, as they took none with them ; they also secured several revolvers, and when seen a few days after, they had thirteen in their possession. Mr. M'Naughton, who arrived at Malvern Hills while the sticking up was going on, was quietly told to walk into the Btore, but on . showing a little resistance, re ceived a reminder in the way of a prod under the ear from a revolver barrel, which warned him of the serious conse quences that might ensue by noncom pliance, so he instantly obeyed. After Mr. M'Naughton had been so uncere moniously imprisoned, the robbers were again disturbed by the arrival of Mr. John Tweed, late of Greendale, who was met by one of the gang with a revolver in his hand, and with genuine bushrangers' courtesy was conducted to the store and also placed under the charge of the younger robber. After completely ran sacking the house, the bushrangers signi fied their intention of departing, and then bidding good morning made tracks. The next that was heard of them was their \ visit to the Xjorae station of Mr. Peter i Macintosh, where they enquired for lead ' for bullets. The men being supplied j with what they wanted, Mr. Macintosh I seeing such a quantity of firearms with them jocosely enquired if they were " going bushranging," to which they re plied, " Not yet." Messrs. Harrison, Jones, & Devlin sold by auction, on the 25th ult., tin ore, assaying 72*9 per cent., at £69 7s. 6d., 72*1 per cent, at £70 5s., 64*2 per cent, j at £52 10s., 62 per cent, at £49 15s., 59 ; per cent, at £43 15s., 56 per cent, at £41J 5s. Messrs. Stubbs & Co. sold about 400 bags at £67 15s. to £68 15s. for 71*7 to 731 per cent., and lower assays at from £35 10s. to £65 15s. The Government declines to make the bar entrance of Lake Macquarie practic able for sea-going vessels. Monday's ' Herald' says :-About 6 o'clock on last Saturday evening, a man named Charles Millar, 45 years of age, a seaman, residing at Watson's Bay, in a house occupied as a lodging-house by seamen, fell down stairs while under the influence of drink, and received severe injuries to his back. He was brought up in the steamer yesterday by Constable White, who, assisted by several of the injured man's mates, removed Millar to the Infirmary from the Circular Quay on a stretcher. Yesterday paralysis super vened from the injuries to the spine. Telegram from Melbourne, in Mon day's ' Herald':-The trial of M'Inerney, for forging carters' orders, lasted alto gether thirty days, and resulted in an acquittal.-Dissatisfaction is being ex pressed at the unequal sentences passed by the Judges.-Weather intensely cold. -The fog yesterday was the most dense ever known here. In the principal streets traffic was suspended for two hours. Fortunately, there were no acci dents. Two steam-tugs searched for the Baroda in the bay, and succeeded in bringing her to anchorage in the even ing. \- Ditto from Melbourne:-A fracas oc cured outside the Council on Friday. Mr. Crowther was reprimanded.-The Ministry, after a long debate, abruptly withdrew their Land Bill, foreseeing a defeat. Their conduct has been much commented on. Ditto from Adelaide :-Captain Witta combe, of the barque Tongay, was brutally murdered on Saturday night in the road stead, by Joseph Adams, one of the four seamen who were put on board by the police from gaol preparatory to the vessel sailing. The malcontents walked aft, and asked the master what punishment they would have for previously refusing to man the windlass; the captain replied, " I will tell you on Monday then Adams felled the captain and threw the weapon into the sea. Captain Wittacombe never spoke again. Four of the men were ar rested. All the ships hoisted their flags half-mast high. From the ' Bendigo Evening News' we learn that at the Sandhurst Circuit Court on Tuesday, Thomas Rea, the old man accused of criminally assaulting two young girls, the daughters of Richard Spencer, was placed upon his trial. In the case in which he was charged with committing an offence upon Margaret Spencer, he was found guilty of an assault with intent, and remanded for sentence. The second case, at the request of the prisoner's counsel, was placed at the end of the list. On Monday John Rea was brought up at the police court, charged with threatening to shoot Edward Spencer if he gave evi dence against the old man Thomas Rea at the circuit court, and was ordered to be kept in gaol until the trial was con cluded. The ' Evening News' says :-During the passage of the steamer Blackbird from Brisbane to Sydney, yesterday evening, a saloon passenger named Hewitt, suddenly and mysteriously dis appeared from the deck, and must there fore have fallen overboard and been drowned. There was recently a shower of sleet at Dalby. The ' Dalby Herald' reports a fatal ac cident which befel a man named William Marcus, a native of the East Indies, for 14 years in the service of Mr. Royds, of Juandah. The deceased had left Mr. Royd's service, and was travelling. He was swimming a horse across a river, when he got off, and was drowned. The c Western Examiner' says :-As the horse used by the Opliir mailman was being shod, in the process of paring one of the hoofs, a nice little nugget of waterworn gold was discovered, and is now in the possession of the mailman, who would, doubtless, like to know upon what part of the road liia animal uncon sciously picked up the precious metaL-A meeting to consider the advisability of forming a Company for the manufacture of Tweeds in this district, was held in the Court-house, on Wednesday evening last, when a Committee was formed in favour of carrying out the object. The project for commencing this industry in Orange seems in a fair way to be carried out. Since the meeting on Wednesday evening, to make initiatory arrangements, the sub ject has been freely canvassed and meets with public approval and promised sup port. From the expressions of persons who have signified their intention to in vest in the undertaking, shares to the amount of £4500 may already be pre sumed to be bespoken. The 1 Queensland Times' says :-A case of awfully sudden death occurred last night in this town. Mr. William Lyd don, who is well known in Ipswich, at tend the meeting of the Rose of Queens land Lodge of Odd Fellows the previous evening, and on leaving the lodge-room at 10 p.m. appeared to be in good health. Shortly after leaving the meeting, dur ing a violent fit of coughing, he burst a bloodvessel, which caused instant death. The ' Brisbane Courier' says :-One of the largest catches of king fish in the Bay, for some time past, was made by Mr. Phillips, of the Australian Hotel, last Saturday. The fish weighed about 40 lbs. Alive to the wants of the poor patients, he sent it to the hospital. A new company, under the title of the Darling Downs Farmers' Association, was lately registered under the Companies Act, at the Supreme Court Chambers, Brisbane. The capital is £3000 in £1 shares, and the company is formed for the purpose of erecting a flour mill. The registered office is at Warwick. At Ipswich, the other day, & farmer named Sodeus prosecuted a neighbour named Pennell, for maliciously injuring a tree growing on his farm, near his house, by barking it; he having cut a complete ring round the tree, and rendered it use less to the proprietor. After hearing evi dence for and against, the Bench inflicted a fine of £4 on the defendant, and made an order for 10s. for compensation, and 3s. 6d. costs. The ' Dalby Herald' says :-Winter still continues, and it must puzzle new arrivals to conceive how this can be called a hot country. The mornings are in tensely cold, counting several degrees of frost. On Thursday week, in the morn ingi at Daandine, a thermometer stood at 20, twelve degrees below freezing point. Friday last was, we believe, nearly if not quite as cold, ice to the thickness of one sixth of an inch lying on water exposed to the air. _ Patrick Clancy, a shepherd, was recently riding home to his station from Molong, when his horse stumbled or fell, and Clancy falling off broke his neck. A Wide Bay paper says:-Mr. Sim's new locomotive, the Mary Ann, has ar rived at Tiucan Bay, and is at work to the satisfaction of her enterprising owner. The wooden railway which Mr. Sim has already laid down goes over some smart | inclines, one Bhowing a rise of forty feet J in 300 yards, and the Maiy Ann has proved herself capable of surmounting this, dragging a fair load at the rate of seven miles per hour. She is now busy sawing a railway for herself and it is being laid down at a most expeditious rate nearly 300 yards per diem. The fact is worth a world of theories as to the prac ticability of laying down cheap and effi cient railways to our back country. The ' Maryborough Chronicle' says : A deliciously cool robbery was committed at the Royal Hotel the other day. A scoundrel took from the stable a saddle and bridle, and only troubled himself to carry the booty across the street, as far as the store of Mr. R. Best, to whom he sold the property. Mr. Hyne, the pro prietor of the hotel, on missing the goods, communicated with the police, and the result is that the robber has been cap tured on Gympie. _ iEgles, of the 'Australasian,' writes : The other evening at the hotel dinner there sat near each other a wealthy set tler and a young fellow lately from the old country in search of fortune. Pro bably from motives of economy, perhaps from choice, the youngster was drinking water. However, when his genial elderly acquaintance said, " Will yOU have a glass of pale ale, a bottle is too much for me V' the youth politely acquiesced. It was the right thing, in fact, to propitiate a man who had far more sheep than Job could ever boast of before the foot-rot on his station. He was just a little taken back next morning at breakfast by his enter tainer reminding him in his blandest man ner, "By the way, you forgot to pay for your share of that bottle of ale. You owe me ninepence !" Recently the trial of Geo. Green arid Richard Moore, for scuttling the Mel bourne ship Alsager, took place in the Supreme Court, Auckland. The Jury returned a verdict of guilty, with a re commendation to mercy, against Moore, who was sentenced to nine months' im prisonment, and a verdict of not guilty in the case of Green, who was discharged. The Minister of the Interior at Hono lulu offers a premium of one thousand dollars for the person or company whe will raise the first ton of tobacco cured by the "culp" process. Philip Boyle, aged about 65 years, was lately found dead in his bed, at Lane Cove. He was formerly an intemperate man, but for the last six months had been very temperate in his habits. The Coro nor's Jury returned a verdict to the effect that death had resulted from natural causes, and a memorandum was added to the effect that it did not appear by the evidence drink contributed in any way to man's death. A Levuka paper says :-A gentleman from Rewa informs us that Cakobau fol lowed up the enemy from Nasorovakawalu (which fell into his hands after being abandoned by the enemy) into the Waika lon territory. There the mountaineers soro'd and asked for peace. Tui Viria was to have been shot on Monday. We hear from Savu Sava that the war at Wainunu is still being carried on with varying successs. Recently Tui Bua's men have sustained a defeat in which it is Baid that three were killed and ten wounded, and one of the dead men is supposed to hare been eaten. It is proposed to establish a newspaper at Port Darwin. Mr. C. Kaiseliagen, butcher, of Lyn doch, S.A., lately purchased from Mr. Ferdinand Zimmerman, of that town, a half-bred Merino sheep, four years old, for £2, weighing 148 lbs., when dressed. The weight of the skin was 26|- lbs. At Broad Meadow, near Newcastle, the other day, a drayman named Chas. Showie was riding over a flooded place, when hie horse plunged into a hole, and pitched his rider violently forward, frac turing two of his ribs, and severely shock ing the system. In excruciating pain, the unfortunate man managed to re- mount his quiet horse, make his way out of this mile of water and pitfalls, and reach home, fainting twice during the time. Julius Menetrey has been committed for trial for the aggravated assault on Mr. Walter Green, near Maitland. Strange to say, Mr. Peter Green wished the charge withdrawn, but the police would not consent. There has been a high fresh in the Hunter. Some charred human remains have been found in a fire near Bathurst, which are supposed to be the remains of a miss ing carrier, named Moggridge, who is believed to have been murdered. The 'Mercury's' Murrtirundi corre spondent writes :-Yesterday, as a young man belonging to Morpeth was saddling up his team, which had camped near the " Willow Tree," one of the horses, a young one, which had been newly shod, kicked him on the thigh, the heel of the shoe going into the thigh. The wound bled greatly, but it was at once tied very tight, and the poor fellow was taken to Murrurundi, to Dr. Gordon. The ban dages having been undone the hoemorr hage was very great ; the doctor, who was assisted by some residents, secured the bleeding vessel, dressed the wound, and had the young man put to bed. The next day he was conveyed to the station, and sent home to his Mends at Morpeth. Tuesday's ' Mercury' says:-We learn from a gentleman who came from Single ton yesterday morning that on Sunday, while the jjriest stationed at Murrurundi or Scone-he did not know which-was crossing Warland's Range on horseback, he was stuck up by a man on foot, and compelled to dismount and give up his horse and go on foot. The bushranger is supposed to be the man who escaped from Constable Bowden, in Maitland, a few days ago. The reverend father made his way on foot to Blandford, where he told what had occurred, and about thirty of the inhabitants turned out, but could get no trace of the bushranger. The other day an inquest was held at New Lambton, on the body of John Ed ward Mills, a miner who was injured by a fall of coal on the 7th ultimo. The evi dence showed that the accident resulted from the neglect of the deceased to sup port the coal by sprags ; and that there were sprags in sufficient number provided, if he had chosen to use them. The cause of death was exhaustion consequent on the in j uries received. The Jury recommended caution on the part of managers and legis lation on the subject. The ' Mercury's' Sydney correspond ent writes, on Saturday evening:-After nearly a week's almost continuous rain we have at last had a few hours' fine weather, by way of a change, and indeed it was time, for the wet was beginning to get monot onous. The rain continued until about midnight (Friday), winding up with an excessively heavy downpour. The Brisbane 4 Telegraph' states that recently Mr. D. Lanham, a cooper, was accompanying a horse and dray, which was loaded with some casks and heavy blocks used in his business, the horse be ing led by his son. The horse took fright without apparent cause, and Mr. Lanham, in endeavouring to stop it, fell, and the wheel of the dray passed over him, frac turing several of his ribs, and breaking his collar bone. At one time it was thought that the injuries he had received would prove fatal, as all the symptoms of suffocation had set in ; this, however, was remedied by a skilfully performed opera tion, admitting air to the lungs. The 4 Dispatch' says :-On last Thurs day night, a man named William Henry Madden died very suddenly at Massart's Golden Fleece Hotel, Macquarie-street. Madden, who was a shepherd in Mr. Cruickshank's employ, was suffering from a severe cold, and, in company with his wife, came into Dubbo for medical treat ment. The c Dalby Herald' says:-We omitted to mention last issue, that a station of Mr. Wienholt's, on the Barcoo, was lately stuck-up by two armed bushrangers, who helped themselves liberally to what they required, and afterwards went to another station on Stowell Downs. Here they en countered the police, between whom and the robbers shots were exchanged, and one of the police was wounded. The bushrangers then escaped across the bor der. The ' D. D. Gazette' of 23rd ult. says : -On Sunday morning last (20th) Mr. P. M'Mahon met with an accident, which terminated fatally on Tuesday. It ap pears, from the statement of witnesses, that at an early hour on the morning of Sunday he was engaged in quelling a dis turbance at his hotel known as the Queen's Arms, Ruthven-street, and while so doing he fell to the ground and sustained a frac ture of the left leg. The ' Australasian' says :-A large seal of the fur species, and known amongst experienced sealers as a sea leopard, was caught at the back beach, Williamstown, on Wednesday afternoon. This unusual visitant was surprised in shallow water, and its captors knocked it on the head. The seal measures about 10ft. in length and about 5ft. in girth. The ' Australasian' says :-The hares inside the Pentridge Stockade wall have of late become so destructive and numer ous that it has been difficult to know what to do with them- On Wednesday several members of the Acclimatisation Society proceeded to Pentridge with appliances to trap the hares. About 15 hares were caught, which will be sent to some distant part of the country. Telegram from Maryborough, in the ' Queenslauder':-The German emigrant ship Reichstag has arrived from Ham burg. Thirty-six deaths have occurred during the voyage from dysentery, and two persons are now ill from the same complaint. " A sad accident happened on Thurs day in the mine of the Edinburgh Com pany," the ' Bendigo Advertiser5 reports, " by which Mr. Manly, the mining mana ger, was seriously injured." He was assist ing in the dangerous operation of " picking" a hole which had missed fire, when the portion of the charge not drawn exploded, injuring Mr. Manly very severely. One of his hands and a part of the arm were completely shattered and torn into pieces. In addition to this he was almost blinded, some of the stones having been discharged into his face. Mr. Manly was in a low condition on Thursday evening, but there is every prospect of his recovery. Telegram from Windsor, in Tuesday's 'Herald'A woman named Jane Bel sham hanged herself this morning. An inquest has been held on the body, and a verdict returned of suicide whilst labour ing under temporary insanity. Ditto from Bathurst:-Part of the re mains of a human being were discovered on the Orange road, on Saturday, near Parker's, fifteen miles from Bathurst. The remains consist of some bones, a few teeth, and part of a skull, and were found in a fire. A waggon and horses were near i the spot, and it is supposed that the owner of these-a carrier named Muggeridge is the person who has met his death, as he has been missing several days.-Dr. Pack ard, of Trunkey, committed suicide on Friday by cutting his throat. . Ditto from Brisbane :-A girl named Maher has been found drowned in a well at One-mile Swamp, South Brisbane. It is supposed that she committed suicide. Ditto from Melbourne :-The Warden at Stawell attempted to put the jumpers into possession of certain claims this af ternoon, under a decree of court. A crowd assembled, of over a thousand per sons, who were so demonstrative that he desisted. Further police assistance will be required. Ditto from Adelaide:-The inquest on Captain Wittacombe, of the barque Ton gay, lasted nearly all day. Joseph Adams, the steward, aged 18, and Thos. M'Lean, seaman, aged 21, have been committed to take their trial for wilful murder; and Wm. Edgar, 25, and Ben jamin Rebbeck, 22, are committed for trial as accessories to the fact.-M'Minn, the leader of the Alexandra Prospecting Company, reports that he has made a rich gold discovery near Howley crossing. The Tararua left for Port Darwin on Sa turday, with eighty-eight passengers. The Society at Sydney for the pre vention of cruelty to animals has ap pointed a Secretary and Collector at a salary of j£100 per annum, together with a percentage upon penalties and collec tions. It is announced that Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., has consented to accept the presidency of the Society. The farmers of California have formed themselves into an Association called the " Farmers' State Union," at a recent meeting of which we read that they " adopted resolutions in favour of making San Francisco a free port." Wednesday's 'Pilot' says:-On Mon day, at Wallsend, two miners-one named Wells and another whose name we could not ascertain-were working " mates" in the same board, when a heap of coal fell upon them. Wells was a good deal bruised, but had no bones broken; whilst the other had three ribs fractured, and was very severely hurt about the back. Hough, charged with setting fire to the printing office at Wallsend, has been again before the Bench and remanded. And John Miller Sweet is out on bail on the charge of being accessory to Hough's crime. 