THE MUMMY. A TRUE SKETCH. IN the year 1845,1 left Liverpool, in the ship B-, ostensively bound to the coast of South America, but with the intention of seeking the Island of Ichaboe, said to be rich in guano deposits. We found it easily, and were soon satisfied it would be advantageous to take iii a cargo of guano, which, in some, parts, lay eleven feet-the accumulation of ages. Guano is' simply the dung of sea hirds, which frequent the island by thou- sands. Among the many, penguins abound, which are about the size of a duck, and are easily taken by hand. The flesh is not palatable, being strong and fishy; their eggs, however, are not to be despised, though in- ferior to those of our barn door fowls. Ichaboe is a barren island on the south-west coast of Africa, on the Namagua country, perhaps seventy miles distant from the main- land, and, probably, a mile in circumference. Our vessel lay about half a mile from the shore. When it came on to blow hard, we had to up anchor, or slip cables, and stand out to sea ; only in fine weather, and even then with difficulty, could we get cargo by boat loads. Jack soon began to bless the island, guano, owners, ship, and captain. "Do you take us," said thej7, "for a lot of nigh tm en, to dig dung?" "What did we mean by decoying them out there, to pick muck like stable boys ?" However, plenty of grog and "tonnage money" put Jack right, and they dug away up to their mid- dles in it. We bad erected a stage at a con- venient place, from which barrow-loads were tilted into the boats, and all went cheerily on, except when foul weather stopped " the works." One day, when digging in a rich and deep deposit, strongly impregnated with ammonia, the men struck upon a piece of wood, which, on inspection, was found to form a cross. This caused them to proceed carefully, and, at the depth of seven feet from the surface, was exposed a coffin. At the head was a board, with the following in- scription : " Antonio Eevarez, 1761," which had evidently been traced with a heated iron. All hands, excepting the anchor watch, were summoned from the ship, to be present at the opening, which took place amid no lit- tle excitement and curiosity. Upon the lid being removed, was exposed, much to our surprise, the well-preserved body of a man, of foreign aspect and dark complexion, with long black hair, beard, and moustache. An expression of suffering appeared to mark the features, but he had evidently been a fine looking fellow, of perhaps thirty-five or forty. He was attired in white linen shirt and dark pants, while a long crimson silk sash was round the waist- these, however, crumbled to the touch. The finger nails and hair were very long ; some professional men were of opinion both had grown considerably after death, and the generally accepted opinion of the scientific, that the body had been pre- served, in fact, embalmed, by the action of substances contained in the guano. By whom the lone one was placed in his island grave, under what circumstances, from what I ship, and who or what he was, will for ever remain a mystery. We. did not find any mark of violence on the body-in all proba I bility, he had been an officer of, or passen ' ger by, some vessel of early navigators, and, having died when near the island, his ship I mates had, for reasons known only to them- selves, landed and buried him there. It was I decided to take the body home as a curi I osity, but superstition presented obstacles. The crew grumbled, swore, threatened - I they declared it would be worse than a I Jonah. " We would rather be left on this miserable island-on this dunghill-than go to sea with that 'ghost' in the ship," said they. Ultimately, it was taken into the cabin at night, unknown to the inhabitants I of the forecastle, deposited in a spare locker, I and there remained concealed. Arrived in the Mersey, the crew were ap ''palled upon being shewn that relic of mor I tality, which was sold to an " English Bar I num," by whom it was placed in a glass case, or frame, and exhibited in the principal {towns of the United Kingdom, and on the I continent of Europe ; afterwards, in the United States, being regarded as an object of much interest by the scientific and general public, both in the old world and the new. J. s. w. Shadows of the Past. 