THE OPERA. ROBERTO IL DIAVOLO".. There was a great attendance at the Opera house on Saturday night, when " Roberto II Diavolo " was played for the first time after a long interval. The caatinclmled the names -Mr. Beaumont, Roberto j Signor Coy, Ram baldo; Signor Dondi, Bertram; Signora Zenoni-Gamboa, Alice and Signora Tam- burial Coy, Isabella. Mr Farley, Mr. John " Bon, and others also took minor parts in the general performance. These ladies and gentlemen have all been heard in the same parts in previous representations, so that there was nothing of novelty in the reproduction of this work. In view of the large audience who assembled to witness it on Saturday night, it may be supposed that the recollection of what had been done before was altogether favourable. The cast indeed was exceptionally strong, when we reflect that there were two prime donna such as Signore Zenoni Gamboa and Tamburini Coy engaged ; two tenor voices such as Mr. Beaumont's and Signor Coy's, and two bassos such an Signor Dondi and Mr. Farley. It would be difficult to name another city in this hemisphere where the same efficient strength could be produced without employing the whole force of the company and yet we remember the names of Signor and Signora Tournerie, Madame Lucy Chambers, Signor Rosnati, and Signor Celia, who were not on this occasion engaged in active duty. With a company be numerically strong and so capable, and the influence of Meyerbeer's great name-a name which is deservedly held in highest respect amongst English audiences there were the highest anticipations of a good performance before the curtain was raised, and these anticipations were amply realised during the progress of the play. His Excellency the Governor and, Lady Bowen, accompanied by their family and suite, attended the performance, and remained until the late hour at which it was concluded. The National Anthem was played both on the entry and the departure of these distinguished visitors, amidst the customary marks of respect on the part of the audi. nee. ' ' ' We cannot speak in detail of so great a work as this, is; we can only take a representative bit here and there. Mr. Beaumont has had very little to do of late, and it would seem, from the great success which attended his performance of Robertson Saturday night, "that he has used his leisure to give polish to a very intelligent and perfect study of the part; His voice was sweet and clear throughout its entire compass, and there was that sense of spontaneous fluency about it which gave rise to the impression above mentioned namely, that it was the result of high training and finished study. C in alt (at the sicilians "Sorte arnica") was sung without difficulty and with good intonation, while those beautiful turns of melody which occur so frequently throughout the work were given with most artistic grace witness that beautiful passage which occurs in the scene of the ruins, " Ma, gia veggo quel rain." No better instance of well-trained singing was ever heard in this theatre than there was in the duet sung between Mr. Beaumont and Signora Tamburini Coy in the second act, wherein an elaborate cadenza, requiring the utmost skill for its proper execution, was given with such fault- less precision and pleasing effect as to produce a storm of applause from the audience and a great recall for both the singers. The rule of Bertram, within the limits of his voice, has always been effectively rendered by Signor Dondi, and on this occasion it lost nothing of the intensity with which that gentleman always infuses the part. The third act is the great opportunity for the representative of Bertram, and Signor Dondi made use of this opportunity with very telling effect. In the scene of the duet between Rambaldo and Ber- tram and between Alice and Bertram, the audience had every reason to be satisfied with all the singers, and did not forgot to show their satisfaction in the usual way. In this scene occurred the only drawback we noticed during the whole representation, namely, in the invisible chorus, " Demoni fatal," which at starting went entirely astray from the conductor, but it went properly before the end of the scene. The Ram- baldo, of Signor Coy was of the utmost value to the earlier scenes of the opera. Signora Zenoni-Gamboa, as Alice, sang the music, of the part with great success. Her manner was artless and earnest, and the fine quality of her voice told with very pleasing effect in such numbers as " Value ! 'diBse 'al figure mio," "Nel lascar is Not mancha, in the trio in the third act, and in that Other beautiful trio in the fifth act, Ah, the cede." The brilliant vocalisation of Signora Tamburini Coy as the Princess Isabella was the theme of general admira- tion throughout the evening, and the applause she gained told plainly of the very high esteem in which she was held by her audience. The performance of the band under Signor Zelman was admirable throughout, but there were some little bits that deserve special mention for instance, the passage which precedes the entrance of Alice in the third act, the ghost music in the scene of the ruined cloister, and that beautiful duet between violoncello and Huts which occurs therein and again, the tuneful strain which accompanies the reading by Ro- echo of the scroll given by his mother to Alice (final trio in fifth act) These were all exquisite performances, and speak well of the high capacities of the players. To-night " Most in Egitto" will be performed. 