— ? ? .-, T CONFESSION. No. 6. F. O Flanagan : So you have brought your Bible again, Jones? Let us see where we have gob to : First. God can forgive sins through man, if He pleases. Secondly. If He forgives sins through man, there is nothing strange about it j it would be like His other dealings with man. We are now upon a third question— How did He forgive sins Himself when He was on earth ? That He forgave sins by His human lips, pronouncing words of absolution, we know ; and when He forgave them, did He tell those wuu uearu xum mac xxe was wxi, or am ne know that they thought Him only a man, and still let: them think so, and let them think that a3 a man He had for given sins ? We have seen in one case, Jones, have we not, that He was angry with those who said, 'God only can forgive sins,' and pleased with those who glorified God for giving such power to men. We come now to another case. Open your Bible, Jones, at the 7th chapter of St. Luke, verse 36 to the end. Have you gob ib 1 Jones : Yes, your Reverence, I see — about St. Mary Magdalene, in the house of Simon. F. O'Flanagan : Ye* I the first time. She twice anointed Our Lord's head in the house of Simon ; once was towards the end, when Hia death was drawing near ; bub this time, of which I now speak, was earlier, in the second year of His Ministry. Mary was a great sinner, and known to be a great sinner. The public forgiveness of her sins would create a stir ; public forgiveness given too in the house of a man of distinction, a wealthy man and a Pharisee, and on a public occasion when he had guests. Such an act could not be hid, and Our Lord clearly did not wish it to be hid. Not only the guests at Simon's table, but all Capharnautn would hear of it. All Capharnaum would hear, but would Capharnaum think that He had forgiven sins as God, or that He had forgiven sins as a man, as a Prophet of God ? Now, Jones, in the first place did Simon himself think him tc be God ? Jones : I think not. F. O'Flanagan : I am sure not. He has not made up his mind yeb even thatHeis a Prophet. ' This man,' says he, 'i/.He were a Prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is tbattoueheth Him : for she is a ' sinner.' He has pretty nearly made up his mind f that Our Lord is not a Propbet. \ Jones : Besides, Father, he didn't treat Our Lord with much respect. F. O'Flanagan ; You are right, Jones ; the kiss, the washing of feet, the fragrant ointments, were the common civilities shown by the wealthy to their honoured guests— but not one of these civilities had Simon shown ; beyond doubt he did not think Him Gjd ; he inclined to think Him no Propbet. Then Our Lord, in His mercy, gives Simon proof that He is a Prophet— by showing that He knew both .Simon's thoughts and Mary's sins. ' I know that she ha3 been a sinner, but she has repented truly and 13 a sinner no more ; she ha3 loved much and sorrowed deeply, therefore her sins are even now forgiven. On you, Simon, are now more sins than on her ; you have not sinned so deeply, but you have not repeated so truly.' Now what I want you to notice is this : Our Lard knew that Simon and the rest thought Him at the most a Prophet ? Jones : Yes. F. O'Flanagan : He knew alao that Mary was thoroughly aud truly repentant ? Jones : Yes. F. O'Flanagan : Ani repentant from the best and truest of reasons — because of her love of God. Jones : Yes. He says 'she loved much.' F. O'Flanagan: Therefore there would seem to have been no need for Him to pronounce words of forgiveness. He ha3 already said her sins were forgiven (v. 47), yet He turns to her— turns from Simon and the guest to her, as Bhe stood at His feet, and says markedly, and so as to call the attention of all, 'Thy sins are for. given thee.' He has already seen that her sins are forgiven, yet He with human lips— : with lips that no one at the table thought to be the lips of God — pronounces her absolution. Jones : I don't see it quite. Could not Our ' Lord have been telling her what He had already told others, that as a matter of fact her sins were forgiven — not forgiving them exactly, but telling her that they had been forgiven. P. O'Flanagan: Well objected, Jones. If the old woman dies, we must make you a doctor of Divinity. But to answer it. I think it is quite clear from the Bible that Our Lord did not simply tell her that her sins had been forgiven ; for ' those that sat at moat with Him' clearly understood Him to have there and then for given, tor they said within themselves, ?? Who is this that forgiveth sins also ?' They would not have said this, if they had though'; Our Lord meant simply to say that by the spirit of prophecy He knew her to be forgiven. Do you agree ? Jones : I think 1 do, your Reverence. F. O'Fiaaagan : Well then ! Our Lord saw that they looked upon Him as a Prophet, who claimed that through Himself, as through a channel, forgiveness was conveyed. He saw that ; yet He says the words of absolution, and leaves them still to think on, that He sb a Prophet and Messenger of God had claimed to forgive sins. One of two things : either He must hare expected them to know that he was God, or He must have been content to let them think that He forgave as God's Messenger. He could not expect them to know that He was God, for, as we have already seen, this was a special grace given to Peter, not a common grace given to all, until the coming of the Holy Ghost. Therefore He was content to let them think He was man, and that, as man, He claimed to forgive sins. If this was wrong doctrine, if the idea that God forgave sins through man was blasphemona and wrong, could Our Lord have possibly permitted that idea to be produced in men's minds by Hia words, and to stop in their minds without an attempt to change it ? Jones : I do not th'.nk He could. F. .O'Flanagan : Then Our Lord must have meant by this public forgiveness of sins, as in the case of the palsied man, to prepare men's minds for the truth that, as God had Himself become mas, He had been pleased to forgive sins Himself as man, and to convey forgiveness through His fellow men ; human souls, and human lips had become the channels of God's grace, since God had wedded human nature to Himself. But this we will see more clearly, when we come to Bhow how and when it was that Our Lord, having during His lifetime con veyed the forgiveness of God to men through His Human Nature, chose His fellow-men to be channels also of that same forgiveness. For to-night, Jones, I will ask you to notice but one thing more. Jones : Yes, your Reverence ; what is that ? F. O'Flanagan : Please notice, how exactly this account of St. Mary Magdalene agrees with Catholic teachiug about Confesbion. You know by this time, Jones, what is the best and highest reason for which we should be sorry for our Bins. la it the fear of hell ? Jones : No, your Reverence, the'love of God. F. O'Flanagaa : Very well ; when a sinner mourns over his sing from the pure love of God, his sins are forgiven at once ; mortal sin and the pure love of God cannot live together ; if one comes into the heart, the other must go out. Therefore the moment love of God enters tke sinner's heart, that moment the sins, without waiting for Confession, are forgiven and pass away. Joaes : Then I suppose he need not go to Confession, F. O'Flanagan : Yes, yes, he need. That is what I wanted to make you notice. In every case Confession. True his sins are forgiven, and if he cannot get a priest and dies uaconfessed he will go So Heaven ; but if he can get a priest, to a priest he must go, and the priest must give him absolution ; in all cases, even when Our Lord has forgiven Himself secretly in the sinner's heart, yet even then He will forgive also through the human lips of the priest. la all cases He will honour Hia messenger. See then this is Catholic doctrine. By con trition sins are forgiven ; yet those forgiven sins must be bi-ought to the priest and receive absolution from the human lips. And this is the doctrine taught you by our passage of to-night. Of Sfc. Mary MagdaLne our Lrrd says 'her sins are forgiven j' she has contrition, she has 'loved much;' yet over the forgiven sins of this loving one He speaks the words of absolu tion. 'Thy sins are forgiven.' See, Jones, how in all things the Church, which is God's work, agrees with the Bible, which is God's work also. God's works cannot disagree. — G. B. 