[?] DT MISS BR ADDON. Chaptes is. ae fosd kiss, akd then we sev£e. It was late in the afternoon when Hubert Waif rave ciine buck tu the f ai-m, and-there was a h.ify ealin in the atmosphere of tho old house which told iiim somehow that Mrs. iclmayne bad departed. Tour household Martha is the most e3iimable of women, hut is' apt to make a good deal of superfluous olauer in uer trouoie about many things. There was an air of per fect peacefulness in the house today, which was new and welcome to the lodger. His dinner was sewed without the usual bustle— n«t quite so well cooked, perhaps, as when Mrs. James's own hand basted the joint, or made the gravie* and seasonings ; but he was not amauto whom a well-cooked dinner is the supreme good of life. He liked the repose and tranquility which Mrs. .Taines had left behind her ; liked to thiuk that when he strolled into the garden presently he would find Qrace free to give him her society. He found her sitting at uer worn — tnoae m «iorable pillow-cases— quite alone under the cedar. James Redmayne was by no means a «inan of disspiated habits, but liberty is very sweet to those who taste it rarely , and he had Hatched the opportunity of walking over to Xingsbury, to discuss the ruling topics of the day with the small politicians of the place in the comfortable parlour of the Moon and Seven Stars. Hardest was near, and every man had a good deal to say about his crops. The burrs were beginning to show on the bine. What with politics and agriculture, Mr. tteduiayne ?was in for a long evening. A6 to Jack and Charley, they never stayed anywhere except for meals. Their normal state was locomotion. So Grace sat quite aloae under the cedar ; and all that evening the lovers roamed in the garden and loitered in the orchard and there was no one to interfere with their happiness. O, halcyon time! O, stminier- iide of joy, shadowed by no thought of to-morrow j Grace abandoned herself to her happiness as simply as a child at the beginning of a holiday. He was with her — he had granted her prayer, and stayed. Never had she dreamed, thac life could hold so much joy. And yet it was ouly the old story : passionate protestations of unchanging affection — alove which was vast enough for any thing except self-sacrifice, a strange mixture of sentimeut aud wordiy wisdom — a gojddeal of melancholy philosophising after the modern school, and tbe perpetual refrain, ' I love you, Grace, but it is not to be.' One sweet summer day followed another, and their liberty was undisturbed. Uncle James made the best- use of his freedom, contrived to Lave business at Tunbridge one day, and at Kiugsbury the next, aud had what the Yankees ?call ' a goad time. ' Grace went out fishing with her lover — went wauderiug along the wind ing bank of a delicious streamlet that twisted hero and therethrough that not too. well water ed country, and saw uim do battle with the ancient pike, or capture an occasional barbel or half a dozen roach. A great deal of walking aud talking went to a very little angling in these rambles. He cut her name upon tbesil ver bivk (i an old beach, likeuny rustic Croy don. lie ould not help wondermp what Augusta Vallnry would have thought if she could have seen him engaged iu that senti mental labour, with Grace watching him en raptured. Well, it was a sweet life, if it could have lasted. He thought of his own world with a dreary sigh. ' And yet by the end of a month, 1 should be tired to death, I daresay,' he said to himself. 'How much better to break with my darling while our love retains all ite freshness, to havo each a sweet poetic memory to carry down to our graves ! How much better not to have worn our emotions threadbare ! 1 shall marry Augusta, and Grace will marry one of her cou cius: and in the secret drawer of our desks we shall each keep a withered flower, or a lock of hair ' only a woman's hair' in remembrance of a buried love.' Th'.s was very comfortable philosophy, aud for til* man of the world who meant to make a name and a fortune, and live the life which seemed to him altogether best worth livi ng, highly satisfatory — not quito so consolatory, perhaps, for the girl who had given him all her Leart, and was to be left behind to vegetate with a farmer. The daj s slipped away. The week was very near its end. Aunt Hannah wrote to inf 01 m ber family that Priscilla Sprouter was going on admirably, and the baby in perfect health ; and that, with the blessing of Providence, she, Mrs. James, would be home early on Monday morning — in time for the wash. This was a signal for Hubert W;dgrave'6 de parture. He did not care to encounter the scrutinising gaze of the matron in his altered relations with Grace. The rustic idyl had lasted louej enough. It was best that it should come to a sadden close And yet — and yet — this man of the world counted the hours that were left to him before that black Monday, and looked forward with a foolish delight to the quiet Sabbath— the church bells ringing hymn tunes across the golden corn-fields — thedrowsy bliesfulness of the old-fashioned garden, where Haunting hollyhocks proclaimed cli:it aatuaia was at hand. Grace awoke with a strange tremulous feel ing of mingled joy and sorrow on that Sunday morning. Another Jong day —with him! It wa9 the last; but while it stitt layed before her it seemed such a sum of happiness. At twilight it would be different ; but with the morning sun still Binning she could pot think of the even ing. The garden was still bright and dewy when Hubert Walgrave came in quest*of her, and she brighter and fresher than the morn ing itself. They walked together until breakfast time — went to church together afterwards — were together more or less all day long. There was no one to interrupt their perpetual tetea tete, even upon thin day of rest ; Mr. JJedmayne improving the shining hours by refreshing slumber, sleeping off the effects of his unwont 4i dissipations at Kingsbury, that he might meet his wife with a serene front on the mor row ; the two young men loafing about any where' and every where— conversing with stray ploughmen, or descending to the intellectual level -f a passing crow boy. ~'.'*it^5L Hidcyon Sabbath! happy1 summer time uiuon!» the flaunting hollyhocks and fading r-jStM ! !t was meet this should be the end. In all Gi-uue Bedmayne's young life this one bright week made up the sum of perfect happiness. Jn the fabhioniible world there are experienced beauties who count their happy seasons — sum- mers that were one perpetual festival — who look back regretfully to the golden years in their calender ; but Grace's reason was bound . by the span of seven d.iys. She bad her brief day of delight and brightness, like a flower or a butterfly, and that was all. Towards evening Hubert WaJgrave saw her face change. She grew 'very pale, her hands trembled as they touched the flowers, aud when in the course of their purposeless sauntering to and fro, one little hand rested on his arm, he found that it was icy cold. ' Mydarliag, is there anything the matter ?' he asked tenderly. Aotlimg; except that you ?re going away to-morrow. You do not expect me to be very happy to-night, do you ?' ' But, my sweetest, you have known from the first that it must be so. We agreed to make your aunt's return the signal for our ?» lenve-takiug. This parting lias been before us ii-jiu thu beginning.' 'Yes, it has beeu before us ; but I did not kuow it would bo so bitter,' she said, and then burst into tears. It was hard for him to bear, but a man who means to get on in the world must eadure a good deal of hardshir in the way of outraged feeling. He would have given a .great deal in that moment to be able to clasp her to his heart, and ulaim her for his fair young wife; a groat deal, but not quite all. Jf he had been ?i -?- ..«--ii/i/in^c'riTl iii-i-i IVlf.ll nrtf.lllTKT frn RUP.nfipJ*. it would h.ive been easy to forget any differen ces of soci.-t] position, slight at tbe best, and to cast in bis fate with the womauhe loved. But he whs far. from being an unsuccessful man, and his standpoint wen a critic.il one. He owe i much to one strong hard that had helped him t-- monut several vunR.? of the ladder, and Oiuld him help h:gher. Tt- mavryfthij girl would be to forfeit the besi frigid he hai ; in plain words, would be simply ruio. A judge may many liisejota; bat' a i-isi;ig young barrister, dependent oa the breath of attorneys, has an important card to play in his marriage, and m:i ir mnlrn or mar kimso!!' theivbv. Hubert Walgrave did not mean to imperil his chances. He had begua his career when a young man frusb. from cjilege with tlie dcterininatijn t- make a name for himself. There won; circmn stauces in his life that made this desire keener in him than it is in m jst men. Nor had he ever swerved by a hair's breath from that in tention. This luckless passion for a farmer's daughter was his first folly. He comforted her as best he might, dried her tears, beguiled her into smiling at him, a very faint wan smile. 'Shall I ever sec you again after to- morrow morning, 1 wonder P' she said, piteously. And then she quoted Borneo and Juliet, which they had read together iu the garden: ' ' Olriuren, I have an ill-dirining eoul ! Methiuks I s:e ihefl now, I'm parting from thee; As oce deal in tho bittoin of a tomb.' ' ' Aly dearest, we shil meef ngxia. I shall come to see you one diy,— when you are mar ried perhaps.' 'ilno, no, no!' the cried., shaking he:: head. ?? U yes, yes, yes, Gracey! This has beeiionly a swee!; poetic dreain, this love of yours and mine. We :.rc each to go our way in thewoi'ld and live our livoi You remember what your beloved Longfellow says : lC ' T.if*» in rpfl] ' Kffl IR pju-noqfc .' 'And myeweet Grace will be an honoured wife and the Lupjiy mother o£ children. That is what ;i wouvm's life was meant for, after all Grace, to iv;iteh Iwside a cr.idle. I shall come to see yju, aud find you the fair central figure of a happy borne. Your father will have re turned by t'liat time.' The pale face whitened iu the moon light. '? My fiilaci1 !'' the girl repeated with some thing like a shudder. ?' You have almost made me forget my father.' Tho morning came ; rose-fingered Aurora in her opal car, and Mrs. Redmayue in.a chaise cart. She arrived ufc Brierwood alout break fast time — a inetroplitan breakfast time, that is to say — have riseu at n preternaturally early Hour in oraer to ay winy uiuvs iiuu uuiib home iu time for the cashing. All the poetry of the cool shadowy old homestead seemed to vanish at the sight of her. There are people at whose coming all mystic creatures disperse; people who carry with them everywhere a de lightful atmosphere of commouplace, whose conversation is as interesting as a ruleof thi'ee Bum, whose countenances are as expres sive of tender emotion as the back of a ledger. Mrs. James was one of these. She gave her niece a mechanical kiss, with her eyes exploring the corners of the room all the while to sec if the solemn rite of cleaning had been duly performed in her absence, and finding nothing here to complain of, she turned her scrutinising gaze upon the girl's face, and pronounced immediately that she was looking ' bilious. ' ' You've been lolling about in- doors all day. I daresay,' she remarked, ' instead of taking a healthy walk every moruing.' ^_' JNo indeed, aunt Hannah,' protested Grace, blushing ; ' I've been out a good deal — for long walks.' ? ' O, you have, have, you? ' said her aunt : ' and pray are those pillar-coses mend ed vet ?' ?? I've— almost— finished them.' ' Almost ! You've never done more than almost finish any work I ever gave you to do. But that comes to sending girls ±o stuck-up boarding-schools. I've no common patience withsuch trumpery.' ' Is the baby a very nice one, aunt Hannah?' Grace inquired meekly, in the hope of giving a pleasant turn to the conversation. ' He s got the red-gum,' Mrs. James an swered sharply ; ' I don't believe I ever saw a child so speckled'' ' But he'll come right, I suppose, aunt ? ' ' uh, he'll couie right soon enough, I dare say ; but as for your monthly nurses, of all|the lazy lumber i ever had to do with, they're about the worst. If children could only be brought up to the month by machinery, so as to get rid of them, it would be a blessing to famous. How's Mr. Walgry ?' ' He's very well, aunt Hannah. Uncie James told you in his letter that he was going away, didn't he?' ' Well, yea, he said something about it ; but it was as much as I could do to make top or tailof it. You uade's a poor scribe. When is he going P ' ' To-day,' faltered Grace, dragging one of the ill-fated pillow-cases out of her work basket, and studying a darn. fiTo-day! That's uncommonly sudden. How ever, he's a good paymaster, and free to go when he likes. If one must take a lodger, one couldn't have one that w -uld give less trouble. And we've made a fair profit out of him. I shall put. from ten to fifteen pounds in the savings bank for your father out of what he's paid me Mrs. James took off her bonnet, washed her face at a sink in the baok_, kitchen with the strongest yellow soap, and a most profound in difference to the effect of such ablutions on her complexion, put on a clean cap, and then i went to pay her respects to tiie departing ! lodger, ills portmanteau ana carpes-oag uau been brought dowu into the old- fashioned low. ; ceilinged lobbie, which served as a tall ; the Kingsbury fly was at Uie door. Grace stood '? at tbe parlour window, pale as a ghost, watch ing. Would he seek her out to say good-bye F ; or would he leave her without a word ? The ' eyes of the world were on him now — would he i play his cruel part coldly, aud without heed of her anguish ? She heard his voice in the lobby, taleing comm jn-place to her aunt, and listened as if every word had baea inspiration. ' So sorry to leave you, Mrs. Eedmayue,' he said, ia his slow languid way. ' I did not be lieve 1 could enjoy country life so much. I havetothabkyou a thousand times for all your attention ; nothing but an actual necessity to perform other engagements would induce me to leave you. I hope to be allowed to come again some day.' ' WesuaUDB pieasaa to Bee you miy uimu, Mr. Walgry,' replied Mrs. James, ia her bland est tones. ' I'm sure there never was a gentle man gave less trouble.' Mr. Walgrave smiled faintly. One poor little innocent heart had been sorely troubled by his coming. He was 'a man of the ''world, but not quite iroa, and he bad a guilty Reeling: that his presence in that house had wrought evil. The fly was at tfie door, his portmanteau and book-box bestowed upon tbe roof, and be had only given a time for tbe drive to Tunbridge junction; yet he lingered, looking round him doubtfully. ' I think I ought to say good-bye to your niece, Mrs. Redmayne,' he observed at last. 'You're very polite, I'm sure, sir; and I dare say Grace might take it unkind it you went away without wishing her good- morning. She's beeu brought up at a boarding-school, and is full of fancies. Blesa my soul, where is the girl? Grace!' The parlour-door opened quickly at that shrill cry, and Grace appeared on the threshold, pale to the lips, scarcely able to stand. Happily or her, Mrs. JauieBS attention was distracted at that moment by her son and heir, who had just contrived to smash u pane of glass ia the half glass door with one end of the ti-aveJlws fishing-rod. For a long time Grace Redmayne's image, as she looked at that moment haunted .Hubert Walgrave. The pale plaintive look, the des pairiug eyes' with a kind of wildness in them. Her image in many shapes was destined to haunt him for the rest of his life, but he never forgot thit one look, that mute unconscious appeal. He went to her as she Btoadat the door, and took her hand. ' I could not go away without wishiug you good-bye, Grace,' he said. ' I have been tell ing your aunt howhappy^ I have been here, and that I mean to come again, ? some day.' He waited, half expecting her to speak, but she said nothing. The pale Iip3 quivered slightly, and that was all. ' Good-bye,' he repeated; and then in a lower voice, ' Goodbye, and God ble-s you my darling 1' He turned quickly away, Bhook hands with Mrs. Eedinayne, and theu with the elder of the lads, on whom he bestowed n couple of sovereigns for fishing-tackle ; the house ser vant had been already fee'd and w;-s smiling the smile of gratitude from, the background. In another minute the driver smacked his whip, the wheels grated an the gravel, and Hubert Walgrave was gone. ' It makes us a full hour late for beginning the wash,' said aunt Hannah ;' but every thing's in soak, and we've got a good drying day, that's one blessing.' Grice drugged herself up to her room, some how, groping blindly up the familiar old stair case, with a mist of unBhead tears before her eyes. 0 weary limbs ! O heavy, heavy heart ! Was there never again to beany joy for her upon this earth ? 