WIFE BEATING -The Daily Telegraph writing on this subject says:--Habitual wife- beaters are ruffians with whom it is par- ticularly difficult to deal. They appear to calculate upon the privilege they possess through the circumstance that to punish them is to punish their victims and their families, and they therefore hammer their wives on the chance that they will only be bound over in a nominal sum to keep the peace. If they are imprisoned, their wives and families would have to starve; and this being known to the magistrates, the men are dealt with much less severely than they otherwise would be. Occa sionally it occurs that the beating is carried rather too far, and death follows it; but even then juries are merciful, and a verdict of man- slaughter is returned, especially if drunken- ness was the cause of the, to them, imper- ceptible murder. Yesterday two samples of the cowardly fraternity were brought before the city court, and with respect to one of them, at all events, it appeared that it was his common custom to assault his wife, who told of a number of similar events in their married life. The protection of her position extended to him, however; and though he had been sent to gaol a short time since for a similar offence, the woman was obliged to get him released, and he returned her kindness by repeating his treatment. It would probably be a mercy to the unfortunate women who are at the mercy of such men if the law were altered so as to give magistrates the power of ordering them to be flogged. The whip is applied to many who deserve it no more than the men in question, and it might save the hangman the trouble of ultimately disposing of some of them were he to strike terror into the whole fraternity by operating upon the backs of such of them as come before the magistrates. CAPTURE OF A DESPERATE CHARACTER. -In June last four notorious criminals effected their escape from the gaol at Ballarat. The ringleader of these was a man named Scott. A great deal of daring was exhibited in their mode of breaking out of prison, and every effort was made, but unsuccessfully, to re- capture them. The government offered £200 reward for their apprehension ; but even this was not sufficient to induce their com- panions to give them up. On Monday even- ing (says the Wagga Wagga Advertiser), however, the police in Wagga received in- formation that one of the escaped prisoners was employed at the establishment of Mr. Walsh, butcher, Newtown. It was stated that he was armed with a knife and a pistol, and Sergeant Carroll, accompanied by another constable, proceeded to arrest him on a charge of stealing a coat. At first the man, who now calls himself Wilson, was inclined to show fight, but subsequently surrendered at discretion, and was marched to the watch- house, where he was charged, under the name of John Dermody alias Harris, with being an escaped convict. He admitted the charge, and also said that he had on him the marks as described in the Police Gazette, namely, warts on one wrist, and an anchor tattoo on the back of the other hand. He was brought before the magistrates on Tuesday, and re- manded for a week for further inquiry. There can be no doubt whatever that this man in one of the missing prisoners; and it is a matter of congratulation that so desperate a character has again come within the grasp of the gaoler. A SAVAGE SNAKE AND A BRAVE DOG. At a selector's place on one of the chief tributaries of the Allyn, some days ago, a rather extraordinary adventure with a snake occurred. As the wife of the selector, her little boy of four years, and another woman were coming out of a piece of cultivated ground by a pathway, on each side of which grew long grass; the boy, who held his mother's hand and walked on the path, screamed suddenly, and clung frantically to his mother. She lifted him on the instant into her arms, but in the excitement of the moment, although rightly judging that the cause of the child's alarm was being bitten by a snake, on being in close piroximity to one, never moved from the spot. The snake, a large and savage black one, did not move either, as snakes usually do when a cry of alarm is raised near them, but placed himself in a most menacing attitude. Whether it did not consider a retreat safe under the watchful eye of a dog that had just come up, or not, cannot be well ascer- tained; but at any rate it seemed deter- mined to defend, if not offend; and would certainly have done the latter only for the intervention of the dog. As the mother made the first movement to get out of the way, the snake made a stroke at her, and as she was within easy reach all the time, might have bitten her, but that the gallant dog promptly rushed between her and her venomous enemy and received the stroke, head, neck, and two or three inches of the reptile's body in his mouth. I regret that the brave fellow paid the penalty of his gene- rous temerity with his life, for he died next day from the effects of the poison. The child was not bitten; but the over-anxious imagination of his mother pictured every sleep he fell into as his last, for she woke him many times during the night.--Manaro Mercury. A GHOST IN THE STATION-HOUSE.-Few positions in life can be imagined, more dis- agreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police-station. The New Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost-infested cell in the fourth precinct police- station in that city. It appears that several years ago "a little old woman" named Ann Murphy committed suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fewer than thirteen persons shut up in the cell have attempted to destroy them- selves in a similar manner, four of these at- tempts being attended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was ex- tinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering consciousness declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress "with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and down-trodden slippers, with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth finger of her left hand was a plain thin gold ring. "This little woman," said the girl, " beckoned me to get up, and impelled me by some mystetious power to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip around my neck, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor, and fell. I thought I was choking; a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bend- ing over me. It was not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time, over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, accord- ing to the police, exactly tallied with the de- scription given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night-lodger who had but just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. "BEWARE OF WIDDERS, SAM."- It is stated by a colonial journal that four-fifths of the widows in Canada marry again within two years and a half after their bereavement. No wonder it is difficult to persuade men to emigrate to Canada. SPREADING.- This morning, at a quarter past two, Mr. Frederick Larker junior, on arriving at the family residence, found that the long-threatened "look-out" had taken place. FUNERAL STOPPED FOR WANT OF A COFFIN.- A few days ago a circumstance happened in one of the villages of the Isle of Man of so singular a character, and happily of rare occurrence, that it merits a little public notice. In a village not a thousand miles from the centre of the island an old woman died. She was duly laid out, the coffin ordered, and friends invited, and the funeral appointed to take place on the Sunday following. On the Sunday in question the invited friends and relations congregated at the house of the deceased, but on their arrival they found that the contemplated funeral could not take place, as no coffin had come. The company waited for some time in the expectation that the coffin might still arrive in time for the funeral to take place, but upon inquiries being made it was found that the enterprising village undertaker had not even commenced his solemn job; he had been happy instead of minding the funeral branch of his business. Nothing remained for it but to postpone the funeral until the coffin should be made, as there is no agent in the locality with a supply of metallica, and the second attempt at a funeral was decided to be made on the following Wednesday. Mona's Herald. COST OF ADVERTISING.--In this, as in everything else, the best papers will com- mand the best price. It is cheaper to pay 5s. for inserting your advertisement in a journal having a circulation of 5000 than to pay 2s. for one that has only a circulation of 1000\. Of this you may be sure, that any journal that inserts advertisements cheap is in fact, a worthless medium. If it were really a good one, it would have no need to lower its price, for its sheet would be filled without the sacrifice. You may lay it down as a rule that if it adopts low prices it is because it is conscious that it has a low cir- culation in number or in respectability. Effingham Wilson's Handbook for Adver- tisements. A woman attacked a burglar, threw him downstairs, and broke his neck. She fancied she had gone too far, though, and explained that she thought it was her husband coming home again tipsy. Somebody advertises for "a good girl to cook." We have seen some that almost look good enough to eat raw. 