OBTON-LAND. (Daily News, June 4.) Ode d*y In 1783 Dr. Johnson, talking with Boiwil!, w»s pleaied to enlarge oa the wonderful extent and variety of London, and to obterre, 'that men of curious Inquiry might We in it inch model of life aa very Idv oauld even Imagine. He In particular,' ?nji Bojwoll, ?' recommended ui to explore Wtpplog, which we resolved to do." Who the others were does not appcar|how«vw, in 1T92 fanr yeu« itfaw John aon*a death, th» 'worthy Jamoa and tomofrionii mdar. tooktfie expedition ?whioh their departed osadsalUr had urged upon thsm. 'Bat,' addt tbe ouidid Mourapher, In the seml-prlracT of a foot-note, 'whether from that uniformity whfoti iu* In modern times, in a great degrep, tptead through evory part of the metropolis, or from onr want of sufficient exertion, »e were disappointed ' Those were d*v- before the Docks had been made, and perhaps there was less to be aeen in Wupping then than dow. Bat it had been a remarkable plane for some time. It waa oboe a great wash, or marsh, where the Thames wandered at will over the low lands, or dm. wine sullenly back with the nfloent tides, Kit gnat banks u( mud, dull tetshei of swampy soili and ditches where agne and fever Inrted at all setsoca of the year The ground was recovered from this watery dominion in the rdlgn of Queen E istbtth, aad Wapping bcoime a place of temporary abode for seafaring men and of more, permanent settlement for tradesmen dealing in commodities for the supply of chipping and tailors. That was its character when Johnson thought It worth exploring, and that. .«ilh the addition of the vast commeroial interest* repre sented by the dock*, is the oharaoter it still possesses. Bat Wanping bad certain grim associations in ? old tlmnn, which tnsde it a spot if evi'. reputation to msrintn inclined to illegal adventures on the high seas. For there, npon tha dreary shores, where l.od and water mingled in a miry ooufution of eabh other's limits,, was K locution Dock, where pirates and 'sea- rovers weie banged at low witrr-mark, and snffmed to remain till three tides had ovei flawed item. In later times the booies of there maUfaotois were im pended is chains at the same spot and left to bleach, and dry, and shed their ghastly fragmpnts on (he wind. The custom contiuued nntfl some way into the present camury, acii'old IWnsend. the Bow-street offioor. reoommeoile 1 its iisriwtuaiion as a good deterrent example. Warping has Its hitoii oal incident too ; for it waa at tho Red Oow, in Anchor and-Hope Alley, near King t'dward's Stairs, that Judge J- Series, seeklDg to escape ilio popular wrath, and (si t abroad, after theR volution uf 1C88, was di' covered, disguised ss a sailor, and drinking a pot of ale. The popnlaoe being informed of the fact, eeizid him carried him before xhe Lcrd Mayor, and put matters in training for his committal to the Tower. In quieter days, this rivet-side place was marln tho su-j=ot of a oleilo^l pun, tKo Iiev. Rovlund Hill having told a congregation of the native; that they ware 'whop- ping aiiuu.».' And in Die piainiiy,) ditty of Waiplng Old S:airi,' composed hy Juhn Percy, the narrow ways. about tha London D.cks have a bit of romance, yet vec il at odd seasons, in Bpite of the fresher attractions of themuslc-ha!!a. But a'l these matters refer to (b.9 Wappingof former times, of times beforo It had been rendered famous by ibj doings of jb Ortoa. or tha struggles uf a Claimant. A good dual of alteration was in troduce 1 into tha ohaiacttr of the locality by the mskin? of tbe Docks— Et Knihe- , riBes's and the. Linden — in tho early years tf the century. Thenoeforth Wappiog b- cue, not merely ft pla(H of S'-jmrn for j- or scrfa-icg men, but a great coat of cotnmeree. Sbut in by Iheie watety harbours tnl by the river. Wipi'ing it a thing apart — ' apeniusuta, almost an inland, or -s:h r, n succession of i-lanils b'tt a littla of the Wapping which John son n commended to lhu attentive 8;uJy of his fiicnl waa swallowed up ia tho miking at tbo 1- tka. 3 Inu siadB of houecs were levelled for the ii fl iwiog of tlio K«4}«»^«*oc^,wasn«^4or .filllog mfibi t**v~ rotos ofi(^,Chela»*Wato™)f|&Gpaipanyia4a; maWnf thj .. wrSactsj arannJ on whioli,st»nds mnoh (of the BontkBCB pan M Plmjics. We hnVejUierefore ionly a traiMiatod WappinjMth* present da^^ tmt whkt the M^bouAood has.lostin »z»Jt\ujfcuAln pos^r, impprtJ**?. andijonoeafeation. ^lhe,iiioje«fttiis -«-. riott If ,«rorthy.«f tba regard whiith Johnson slaioiediffr l^t *«y jBosmUAl^the .ppeseiit^sy .^^yHTJhffniil find; f*i[ i^ikyy^^ff fa Tt^pfWliyytit^iTf ril^wS^ limits, IJoWK, and 'Lower Tkames-sHraets are oat prepai»tluns for Wapping. , Jt it bec»n»a ot the Docif that thai amazing line of narrow ro*dwaj atretohlnc Aresn Blaokfriars-btidge to tbe Tower is the phenameaon we behold : that warehouses nf glgaotio propprdonx nsr. themselves into the »fcy in endless suooatslpa^ tbat VMM jostle waegons, and ..waggons threaten £he- anaiiii Ution of trubks, In » seething j amble of wheels, horses, and men, through which the auntl pedestrian thread! his way . with some bbdilj fear, and with « enllty .unte that Ju has no right io b* there at all; tlut. bales 'of goods swinging aloft from oranes, impend horribly over the said pedestrian's hfi&d; : the wareheuse clerics rash frantically to and tro wiA, hUls of lading in their hands, Is jueonies 61 dlstraobed jsnjwnrhuqii ; and that Brown Brothers, »nd:Smlth, Son, »nd Smith, »re mer chant prinoes whp oould buy up dukedoms, . Por«|ie thU Ihamts-street tolu end, whsre it breaks like a swollen ware against Tower-hiil ; xontrast the hubbub ?act turmoil ,«f modem life with tbe repps? of the erey oia lortress, sleeping, wt«n au iu araams «sa memories, its ghosts and (hrpuoel aectets . behind the trees that shut it In; and you will experlenoa one of the most powerful contrasts that any olty oi« present. So througbthe slienoe and tbe antique ways of this bistmdo' boildlng—past mouldering arch, and idly threatenliigportjulllfii and indent drawbridge, and battltmented wall— out onoe more into the clamour and th» throb of modern life, -and here are St. Katherine'j Dock*. Wapplng is cot rat reached, bat it is almost, le' view, end tbe tremendous activity . f commercial speculation— suspended for awhile by. the brief parenthesis of the Tower, with its weird mutter* ings of .dead days, and buried agonies, and half .forgot ten crimes— is again the only fact to be noWt, the oae great do-ulnant power, tho vast reality of the present. Again we an amidst the, towering warehouses, tho swinging bales of goods, the trampling of hngo horse* the clash and collision of great tads, the clamour of many voices, the vthement assertion of many interests. Beyond these lofty ranges of building, on the . right-hand aide, lie tho wharves whioh receive the oommeroa of the srorl.i ; and lure are the wide. basins and so es of water which, hold the navies of .that commerce, and give them ea-y mom. Through hovrnt Etst Smithfield, and we are In' Wapping Itself, with tha river on our right, the London Decks on our left, St. Katherlne's Dooks behind, and Various basins and creeks running inland, and cutting up the place into little islands, where the houses seem half-sfl-»t, and the barges seemhalf aground, and the distance Is a dimconfuslou of crowd ing ma»t», and glidicg aaibj, and spires of churches that have suffered shipwreck, nnd hulls of vessels that seem bent on effecting a settlement in btepney parl-h. London might be divided Into half-a-dozan distinot cities. Here, at Wapping, Is a olty as different from South Kensington or BeJgravia as Amsterdam is dif ferent from ttume. The general effeot, indeed, is very Dutch. We are in a olty ef watery ways, of lanes and high roads, where tbe traffic is on a (laid element, and tha wssh of wan* is la tbe ear. ' The waves are not those of the sea, it is true j they are only the aloggisfc undulations of artificial inlets from the Thames, stirred by the passage of the barges to and fro. These craft are lords and matters of thepUoe, and everything else moat stand aside for them. Far their convenience the frequent canals of Wapping and its vicinity are crossed on'y by swing bridges, whioh, opening In the middle, are folded baok towards the opposite shores whenever the water tiaffio requires it. At Baoh times tha foot-passengers, carts, and waggons whose Igno miny It Is to go on dry land, are compelled to wait upon the banks until the loag procession of barges has passed out or in, and the two great leaves of the iron drawbridge have swung slowly towards one -another, and made a Uv^l roadway eoross the gap. Icteroom mnnloation in Wapplcg, eomeqaentlr, is rather pro. -eariens, nolest jou ohowe to go round by devious routes, tut when you have got well Into the land of the Ortons, jon can always turn aside into tbe Docks with pleasure and profit. Threading the narrow streets, and looking up tha water lanes and basins, you catch strange- glimpses uf masts far Inland, that seem aa if stranded by aom a odd chance among the dwellings of ShadweU. The shipping in the Bocks asserts itseli at every available opportunity, and «i 1 not be dbmiarded by any exploring Boawell of the present day, however wanting in exertion he may be. But to survey in its fall grandeur this marvellous gathering of the mercantile marine of all nations, we must go int* the Docks them elves. The quays are open to the public during working hours, and the sight la wnrfch tha trauhifi of Hfuklnv ifL }7npA wtAaala fiajlt lazily on the still waters of their artificial harbour, and masts ULOsnatable cat sharply against th& sky or recede towards the horiion iike a forest of fir-trees. On a fine afternoon or evening, when yards and spars are brought out delicattly against a background of blue air and tempered sunlight, the view is like some I -f those which Tuner painted in his earlier and leu fan tastic days. No finer study of aerial perspective can be hid thau these Interminable lines of masts softening their hardness in the gold and stare of the heavens, or becoming utmost feathery beneath the touch of dis tar.ee. The p-pulitlon of Wspp'ng is amphibious. The people are half maiitime, half commercial. Even the doofc labourers salute each other with the nautical phrase, ''What oherf The Thames Police, who are st ong hereabtuts, coming and going iu wherries between their floating stations and the land, are, both in bearing and costume, ss much sailors as constables. A large number of the shops In Wapping and in neighbouring SaadwaJ ard devoted to the satisfaction of uitrlce needs, Nautical instrument makers, aailmakers; provision merchants, slop sellers, k» ., form a very considerable proportion of tbe traders oi this seafaring region. The smell of fried fiih Is on the wind ; tbrimtss *nd whelks are frequent on the stalls, and impart to the palate a smack of orini neaa, M of ths f ar-«f£ sea. , Abore all tower tka Titanio wankousea, : with their -backs to th» river, seme ef -which kara berfi rBoeotly rtknllt wa a seal* ef yet gmatrc vastnna, wails s-i*«s are ia ths act of being reoonatrmeteel to svit the augmentUJf trade of tbe time*. All this (peaks well for the prospetity tf Wapping ; yet in the clwa allots we find masy lamentable toten* of tho poorer that always attends on wealth. Amongst the youth ol both cexes rags and baro feet are very muoh the wear t and the women have that overworked and un derfed look common in n°lgbbourhoods of thl* kind The wharfs and docks give o∈&l; employment t» a Jarge nnmbsr of poor, ind when tbfse are out of a job they bang about the wnyi in tuuful indolence. This, then, is Orton-land ; and here, in evflry other shop window, yoa ttuj »ee a portrait of thevltimtxt, as large as life, in combination with the announcement that ' Sir Roger O. D. Tichborne. Bart..' will make Us appearance at certain Eist-end theatres. Here it was tbat ?' Bullocky Orton,' in the day* of his youth, was till cp in Urge So -itch mr-at tampers, as the tnnownt t-iotim of those praotici' jok-s In which his companions delighted. Here it vm that 'Old UeorRe Orton' tented the strength cf his arm and the sharp ness of his pig-whip on the quivering flanks ot the jokers. Here It was that Arthur, gr-wn somewhat in years and in person, proffered love to Miss Loder, and clipped a tender epistle into tbe hand of of tbe young UJy, who is now Mrs. Hannah Johnson, widow. And here it -was that the I Uimant paid that (t rnnus Christmas visit to the Globe publio-houts of which Mr. Hawkins has made so mush. This is Orton-ltnd, and Arthur ia the genius loci. What a strange fa'e that that coarse, chuckle-headed, vulgar, voting butcher-ltfy tbouU sow be so much talked about a.11 over the Eni;Hh-«peaking world! We recently heard a girl in Bethn&l-green; ask her elder sister, in resprot of a o -ricatu-o they were studying, '? But who is John Bull ? ' Is it possible to conceive any one in these days asking, '' Who is Arthur Orton?' 