THE ESSAYIST. CRUELTY TO AHIMAXS. 1 By thy delight in others' pain. *n«t, by thy brotherhood of Cain, I call open thee and conpel Thyself to be thy proper hell."—Btkox. Cruelty to animals supposes a most wretched, unhealthy. amf prostrate de pravity in the being openly guilty of it. Many offences suppose depravity of long duration, though not subjects of public cen sure until ripened into shameless practice ; this among others. That the actual deed is detestable, and worthy of punishment, is self-evident. But, for the purpose of thorough eradication, it may be useful to consider the quality of the soil in which the weed grows most flourishingly ; the shades of incipient deterioration through which the character has pro bably past before cruelty to animals has set rirm root in the will and the practice of a once rational being. Cruelty is an abuse of the craving for sym pathy and the desire of relief from intolerable anguish. Let us imagine a man of perfect health, athletic frame, and conscious mental rower, possessed of an easy competence arising from recognised skill. Such a man is never craeL however resentful, prudent, or. it may be, tenacious of his own. His desire for sympathy may, as it does with many men, lead him into error—nay, if you wilL may make him at time3 somewhat of a l»re. Bat it never takes the form of cruelty. Overflowing with self- complacency and good-humour, he would fain have all around him, or within his influence, to par ticipate in his comforts: full of self and of self-content, he would see you happy, his own way : he certainly is in some danger of wounding fastidious pride by his well-tneant praises*and of oppressing self- respect by his otfioious courtesies. There is something pro voking in his exuberant jollity. But (grant ing all his faults) cruelty Ls not in him ; we must look elsewhere for " the stinging by a heart the world hath stung." When health is absent, when sleep has been banished, when envy recurring gnaws the heart, when the nerves are vehicles of torture, and, when there is not only a lack of the a-sthetic faculties, but a maddening consciousness of their absence, when the organisation is inwardly incomplete or marred, when disappointment has wounded to the very quick a morbid and exact ing self-love, there may crnelty take root and flourish. Such a spirit wishes, nay, wills it, to be right, that others—the more the lietter—should feel pangs similar to his own. There is even a kind of solace, a diminution of his pain, in a successful inflic tion. I once saw at a fair a monkey mounted on a dog, riding gravely round a circle. When the nionntel»ank gave Jocko a lash with his long whip, he, Jocko, forthwith after a cry, proceeded to whack the poor dog that patiently carried him. Such, I thought, is an epitome of man's cruelty to man! We visit our whacks from Nature's horse whip upon our children, our wives, our dependants, our debtors, tenants, our humble friends and our poor relations ; and, last, not least, upon our horses, dogs, and cattle ! So, Sir Giles, in Massinger's play, cudgels Marrall, for no other reason than that he is "in a passion" generally with the world. The intemperate and over-speculative man retires to rest self-dissatisfied. Coming down in the morning, haggard, nervous, aud bilious, he sees round the breakfast-table fresh complexion^ smiling lips, beaming glances. Discontent Alls him. This is un feeling, he thinks, unsympathising. Like Iago, he longs to "set down the pegs that make this music." He makes a quarrel, vents cruel words, perhaps lurches into un just conduct, and then the sight of tears, or, better still, of mute blank sorrow, gives to him a temporary relief, e ven a soothing solace. He is far more to lie pitied than are his victims. The disappointed old spinster can find no re lief equal to that imparted, by scandaL The man who has lost self- respect, resembles the fox who had lost liis tail—he would gladly find or make out all better men than himself to be so many shams. The scoundrel when "converted," becomes a red-hot Calvinist, full of grace, exiieriences, and fa- a-aitli, and damns with pleasurable emotions, not merely pure aud noble natures, but spotless aud innocent babes. Cruelty supposes a weak, base, grovelling spirit, in carnated in a ricketty. Iwdy, with shattered nerves, and wretchedly enervated habits; it vainly seeks to diminish by |>articipation the anguish tliat grasps, as with a vice, the puny soul it debases. It were vain to reason with the depraved and demented being that can rub kerosene on to the back of a cat, then set fire to the hair, and tie crackers to the limbs—that can skin an animal alive, then cast it forth—that can thrust a pike into the eye of a cow, or drive a nail into the quick of a horse's hoof, that the poor animal may, by walking ettropte, adu to the dignity' of a funeral pro cession. For the cliances are that he would gravely answer you with an inventory of all that he liimseu had gone through in early life; of the inflictions lie had endured from some schoolmaster, or some drill-sergeant, or other martinet in his boyhood; and, with abeautifulspurious logic (entirely his own), he believes that all this suffering should be now equably distributed, and not be pent-up and confined to himself The depravity of his soul blurs his reasoning iiowere; he never can forget "what I have gone through, sir." Byron has, inadvertently taught us somewhat more than he intended in the lines describing Count Lara '? That nreactic levity of tongue , Tbe ;«tlnghigol e pesit the world bath stung." < Brav o Byron ! Dog and monkey for ever t Seek.relief from we stings of the world rankling in yourself by stinging innocent outsiders, unpractised and unprepared. The excuse, O poet ! is ,worse for than the sin. There is, perhaps, a.distinction between the cruel man and the mere coward, whom not always, pr necessarily, cruel or miaebjpf., loviug. HU tielief is, to excite fear in otherB, he would diffuse his own special, sufferings. Never. so happy as • when .describing ;to. credulous hearers a contingent earthquake, a coming storm, or ^ *-^-phe. The,"centraltire'' ; geolpgy affondshim wel " fires of - hell," now have! relieved maxw u many a charlatan.: But j stale, trust ouf friend invention of some fresh no matter .what so it excite ****** ammonia in the atrhosphere may gmdu % awumulate, fl»d then; my dean ffiega n, a single flash of lmhtamg wiil con. suras au the haystacks Una something more. i n hu£e i,cet>erg has inati probability cap sized somewhere. The second ad rent ghosts, bogies—departed spirits who havl forgotten their orthography, but can t*n tables with material knuckles—anything win do provided it succeed in flustering anil frightening the anile simpletons of either The charlatan presents himself for classifi cation. Not wanton, but mercenary, ig p;* ruthless disregard of the mischief he does hi sowing broadcast error, impiety, and snner stition. Elymas quietly counts his crown* and sovereigns while planning further tricks upon the sfliy dupes he derides; Populus Jo* derfpi he cannot translate, but can reduce to practice. Yet, who is not impatient when seeing a brazen and shameless dunce, wW cannot even spell the ill-choSen words' that ' make up the bad grammar in which in habitually clothed the balderdash and mem dacity that he talks and prints, actually triumphing over and defying the solid wig dom of haraday, and despite that sage's warnings, based on demonstration, continue— (yes, even while I write)—to make fools t,av for their own mental debasement? xhe wise and strong tnm away with disdain and disgust; yet, are we not remiss, when we suffer the weak, credulous, and helpless to be thus mocked, plundered, and ruined Raphael draws Elymas with a latge cerebel". lum, huge hands, and every other sign of a coarse organisation. He was right Such fellows can feel only through back and belly so confiscate all the cattle of the one, empty the bag of the other by a heavy line; and, for both, the punitive lash. What punishment too severe or too prompt for the hunian-fonned brute that can disregard the silent appeal to his heart made often by the moistening eyes of hfo noble slave, the horse? A friend, content with so little: yet, ready to do so much* None. The creature—I mean the biped, the " man"—is insane: he is less than human. After the punitive lash, long confinement, diet, medicine, and abstinence, should be used to restore him to his normal rank in neation. But the cure, the eradication? I answer. By diff used education and culture, by wise and beneficent legislation, by encouraging industry, by promoting cleanliness and tern perance, by humanising the man. Mark the child of the mechanic, or of the tiller of the soil, if only moderately prosperous. She delights in fondling and cherishing some pet animal, and is often fearless in the stable and farmyard. Nature does not prompt cruelty. Cobliett advises every father to see that his children have pet pigeons, rabbits, Ac., however useless, as a mere discipline of humanity. Of the more favoured classes, it were nugatory and superfluous to write. In the Education Bill I see the one radical cure for cruelty to animals. Teach a num the value of bis brain; he will not brutalise himself by drink. Teach him that health is the most exhilarating of agencies; he will aim at aud get it Give lum a home; then, with a heart reconciled to all things and to itself, he will learn to shudder at the sight of cruelty, to feel as his own every pain felt by another. As, fearless himself, he wishes all others to be calmly enterprising; so, happy himself, Ire feels he augments his wealth by diffusion. Cruelty is in all cases the attribute of weakness. Power, as well as influence, can be complete without it. Would that I had the power to generalise this question, even up to legislators and judges. See that handsome, athletic, young rider. Note the ease of his mastery of the gracile animal he bestrides. Hah! a plunge! a bolt. Young Edmund sits firm, but his lip cuds, his eye dilates, and, grasping his loaded whip with the thinner end, he brings down the butt on the horse's bead !—heis bent on victory. "Ah!" says the admiring Georgians, " terrible, isn't it ? But then, you know, Ed mund has such character—such strength of will." . ."No, my dear girl He has a weak character, and deficient will. He felt it slipping from him; purchased victory by hazarding destruction—by desperation. Any brute can strike with a loaded whip. That is not power. He will not make a wise and a good father." Turn to another picture. Warren Hast ings lives no less in the..canvas of. Reynolds than in the stately periods of Macaulay. His far-sighted, calm, steadiness of purpose, and patient persistency, are known to alL Note the portrait Not handsome, certainly, but an air of calm elegance, and perfect self* reliance, makes the eye linger over the face. I smile at his shooting Francis through the body, then sending every morning (the refined fiend!) to inquire how "poor Mr. F. was getting on !" But my scene is Oaylesford, his native place, which he embellished with gar-den and terrace. The trial is over; the struggles of life past. In brocaded dressing gown and exquisite slippers, a roll of paper in his hand containing a sonnet, the ex-Gover nor is calmly enjoying the morning air with his two young nieces, whom I pity, for they are destined to hear the sonnet read aloud. In the meadow a groom is exercising a newly purchased young horse. "Please, sir, there's no managing this 'ere wicious hutibroken young brute ; you might as well ride a tiger. . Fitches me over 'is 'ead un uo man living can ■ " "! think," said Hastings, in his low calm measured times. "I think* can manage him. Oblige me, dears?" Divest ing himself of his superb robe de ckambre, Hastings fixed firmly his straw hat, and leap ing ion the strong young animal in his slippers, took the bridle as only a horseman can.; Every finger of bis delicate hand played on the hoiae's month as though it were a piano. ~ The horse made a demi-volte to the right; the rider made him comulete the circle; then the horse gaUoped, stooa still, the rider swayed aud balanced,yet so imperceptibly that;the young ladies thought si glass of water on bfohead would notspijh^.Do.what he wbqld, the horse was made to onderetand that in the end he always did his riders will —never his own... .Bear, capriole, kick up— ■ in vain. The rid^r wascalmly inexorable. Not ia, blbw-ribfc a, reproach. Atrlei coveted witb foam, trembling, aiutthortn spbdfied, Hastings aur^dra^d tke beat animal to. the', wondenngs poom, ; * «p<h F6* snmihghia ^1m)y .pmcoaded to to- - flict on fife irijeces £M tfcdl poem oni.wtoeh hApiided **2*5? strength of character w * lesson for higher ppople.ih^tiffWh1^ ' len^e; and, cni*Uy,*xe <?onnected with ytgouranc Marfn'satfogahmt >ut contemporary wit t refined byqtutnrev 1 for,., He mitf eandloveW »l", „ ,, ; i -j * Ahtient Mariner. 