The Week. SirCf. Bowen.Lady Bowen, and familytook their departure in the 'Victoria on Wednesdayjfor Melbourne- hi. Excellency Sir Heroulaa/ Robinson accompanying' s£ George Bowen to the Government Jetty, where the baw» was in waiting with Captain Hixson. The party vrlZ received on board the Victoria (s.) by Mr.Cehen (Commu? sionerof Trade and Customs) and Captain Payne. Th« steamer cleared the Heads with a light southerly wind Captain Pitt, E.A., was also a passenger. In the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday thft Hon. the Premier read the following telegram, which be said had been transmitted from Lord Kimberleytohia Excellency the Governor :— ' 22nd March. Her Majesty's Government have considered telegrams from Conference and will introduce immediately bill to remove restriction* on intercolonial tariff arrangements.' Ten thousand pounds worth of silver coin age has been put into circulation by the Colonial Treasurer through the medium of the banks, and £40 00ft is still in his possession, and will be distributed as' tha defaced coinage is collected. On Tuesday, a deputation, consisting of the Rev H. King, Mr. E. Greville, M.L.A., and Mr. Frederick Lee waited upon his Excellency the Governor and presented petitions lor the remission of the sentence of death passed upon the prisoner M'Crow for the murder of a woman in 'Woolloomooloo. His Excellency, after hearing the state ments of the deputation, promised to reconsider the matter carefully, and if necessary place it again before the Er« ecutive. The Standing Committee of the Metropolitan Intercolonial Exhibition, finding that the entries of cattla for sale exceed in several instances the number allowed by the rules, and being desirous of affording such cattle tha opportunity of being exhibited, camo to the conclusion that the breeders should be advised that exhibits for sale would, be received under the following conditions, viz. : — That exhibitors be allowed to enter an increased number, not exceeding four, provided they pay, besides the entrance, fee of 10s., the cost of extra accommodation required ; and. that application be forwarded on or before noon on 29th. instant. The Government Gazette proclaims the Principal and Councillors of St. Andrew's College, as under : — Princi- pal : The Rev. Adam Thomson. Councillors : The Eer. John Dnnmore Lang, D.D.; the Rev. Adam Thomson* the Rev. Robert Steel, Ph. D. ; the Rev. James Cameron! MA.; the Hon. John Richardson, Esq.,M.L.C. ; the Hon. Samuel Deane Gordon, Esq., M.L.C. ; Mr. Andrew Brown J.P. ; Mr. John Campbell, J.P, ; Mr. John Frazer, J.P. ? Mr. John Hay Goodlet, Mr. Charles Smith, and Mr. Dafid' Lindsay Waugh, J.P. We understand that the valuable collection of casts and models ordered some time back by the council of the New Sonth 'Wales Academy of Art have just arrived by the Somerset, the delay having been occasioned through an unusual press of business and the great diffi culty experienced by Signor Bracciani, of Great Russell street, London, in obtaining competent workmen. The collection (which is similar to that in use at the School of Design at South Kensington and other art drawing schools of Europe) comprises a large number of models from the most celebrated statues and busts, casts of scrolls, animal? fruit, and flowers, &c;, &c.; It is hoped that the council mar be successful in then: endeavours to obtain from the Govern ment a suitable room, so as at once to render the collection available for the art students of New South Wales. Mr. J. A. Read exhibited his invention for the discovery of danger to a ship from fire, to a number of gentlemen interested in its success, on Friday, the 21st instant, at Smythe's Marine Insurance Office, in George-street. He demonstrated the aptitude of the apparatus for the object in view in the most satisfactory manner. It was clear that from Mb cabin the captain of a ship could be enabled to tell exactly the locality of any increase of temperature before it became dangerous, the instrument affording him this knowledge being simple, inexpensive, and easily applied. It is likely therefore, to be a great boon to the community, since it will reduce the risk of sea voyages both to life and property, and we cannot but hope that the inventor will be well rewarded for the thought, the time, and expense he has been put to in designing and perfecting the machine. To be fully ap preciated it should be seen, and a good opportunity will be presented of working it at the Exhibition. When first the : idea was propounded to the gentlemen who met on Friday the apparatus was not self -registering. This was a defect Mr. Read has since overcome. As it was described a few weeks ago in these columns, it will not be necessary to dwell on the construction, saving to say that the merchants and others who saw it on Friday were bo pleased with its performance and promise that they agreed to patent the im provement, as well as the general principle already pro tected. Should it come into common use, it may be ex pected to have the effect of reducing the rates of insurance very considerably. Od Wednesday, the children of the Female School of Industry, Macquarie-street, were removed to the more commodious and elegant premises erected on one acre and a-half of ground situated between ?Victoria- street and Darlinghurst Road, an engraving and description of which appeared in the Sydney Mail of the 3rd of August last. The interior of the new building, which is on an open and healthy site, has been carefully fitted up under the direction of the Colonial Architect. The kitchen, laundry, &c;, have been built and fitted after the most approved models. That the children will be comfortable and healthy in their new house there can hardly be a doubt. The school was established in the year 1826 ; and its benefits are received by fifty children. The matron is Mrs. Kendall, and her daughter is sub matron. The first Monday in every month is set apart as a day for the parents and guardians to visit the children, During the time the institution was in Macquarie-street the children were instructed in reb'gious matters by the incum« bent and curate of St. James's Church ; and on Sundays they were divided into classes taught by a number of young ladies. The general arrangement of this institution is conducted by a committee of ladies, and its monetary affairs are dependent upon voluntary contribution. On Tuesday evening, a meeting of the congre gation of St. Barnabas Church, Parramatta- street, was held in the schoolroom, for the purpose of presenting valedictory addresses to the Rev. Canon Smith, previous to his departure for Bathurst. There was a very large attendance. Mr. Alexander Stuart presided. Amongst those present on the platform were the Rev. J. Barnier, the Rev. Dr. Barry, the Rev. H. S. King, the Rev. H. A. Langley, the Eev. G. H. Moreton, the Rev. T. Wilson, the Rev. Dr» M'Gibbon, the Rev. W. Curnow, the Rev. H. Lewers, the Rev. Mr. Tress, Archdeacon Clark (of New Zea land), and the Rev. Thomas Blain. Mr. W. J. Foster, Major Shepherd, Mr. S. Lyons, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Allpass, Mr. Thomas Buchanan, Mr. Fallew, Mr. C. Bennett, and Mr. James Thom were amongst the laymen in attendance. Among the testimonials, the children attending the paro chial schools presented to the Rev. Canon Smith a beautiful silver inVstand and address. To Mrs. Smith were presented a sewing-machine and a gold watch. Addresses, strongly expressive of an affectionate esteem and respect for the Rev. Thomas Smith, were then delivered by the Rev. J. Barnier, the Rev. Mr, Lewers, the Rev. Dr. Barry, tUe Rev. W. Curnow, the Rev. Mr. Moreton, the Rev. vr. M'Gibbon, and the B$v. Mr. Langley. Mr. Ganett came into Blackall (Queensland) nnd reported that one of his shepherds had MmmjJSr 6uicide, The shepherd, named J. Meare, on the aita. February brought his flock in to the head station, &-*?% Mr. Ganett that he wished to have them °°nn*|T: During the evening he had his hair cut and play**-,0?™? ,' with four of bis mates for sticks of tobacco. At9o'clocK he jumped up, went outside the hut in a hurry, retarnei;i? about five minutes, and told the other men that ne naa taken a fistful of strychnine, and that he would be dead in half-an-hour. and requested them to burr him on a ridge at the rear of the hut. The other men told Mr. Ganett wh«t Meare had said ; he, on coming to see Mcare, found nmi i ji fit. Hot wafer with salt was given without efl'ert- ^le!, died, declaring he was not fit to live. He appeared pertc^1! (jan.9 to the, wfr—tinaHw Courift; ^-^r^I^^ithMankina and the Earth ' « GOO s r.u^c of a pamphlet, for a copy of which * a^ffi toSe J&JOTl.; Corlette, M.2., Ashfield. ^areindet-«» on introduction to the right understand It P^fHSysSptui^s of fte Old and New Testaments, ing°ftilt fiii nart of a translation fwm the work, in ana is &* JJVSrf and J. B. G.^nte. Mr. Corlette, Ceirosn**^' ? ^ Q^t it gU0WS ^ particulars how the s ^jjjspraaoe, deduccd from Scripture is, through !^S*Jn and stages of God's dealings with man, eucces^i J mSolded and prepared for, and more and more &**?* L thine and person, word and action, recorded in ordinance, ^'e^mJng and the end of that purpose being Scn? ? ' His fulness, incarnation, redemption, and ^Iw with the Holy Ghost as Head over all. It is f^ octavo, of 63 pages, neatly printed in easily read ^1 meeting of the members of the Church AH^eking at Grenfell, was held on Friday, i EuiTin6tant, the result of the resignation of the * ? *w- rlenrvman. The Mining Record gives the offim^g'rSrt of the proceedings : -The chairman fTxiL Mr. Dark) opened the meeting with prayer and ? Jr proceeded to explain the object of the meeting, viz., 2r taire action in the matter of communication received iL the Bishop of Bathurst, in reply to a letter forwarded ?ri,rRpv Mr. Dark to the Bishop, tendering his resigna & of incumbency into his (the Bishop's) hands. The durirman read both letters to the meeting, and from k tenor of such it appears that Mr. Dark's resigantion \T been caused by disagreement with the Sabbath school ♦ hers relative to the collection of a fund termed the «VMrianesian mission,' during the past two years. The v chairman stated that he was sorry to perceive Jhat a spirit of antagonism was beginning to nifest itself among the teachers, so much so that some hnTsienified their intention of leaving the school, and Xrehad already done so, this he very much deplored, and considered such a feeling ought not to be allowed to wvail' and sooner than the church and school should lose some of their best supporters and workers, he had resolved upon tendering his resignation as being the surest and most effectual method of surmounting the difficulty. After some further remarks, the rev. chairman said it was ?now his duty to request them to comply with the instruc tions contained in the communication received from the Bishop of Bathurst, viz., for the parishioners to appoint a committee of twelve for the purpose of selecting and nomin atiBe a clergyman to officiate in this incumbency in the room of the Bev. Mr. Dark; and should they succeed in selecting one suitable to their wishes, and should such clergyman be willing to accept the cure, that he (the Bishop) would have great pleasure in licensing him to the ?district. A rather excited discussion followed, in which .a motion was submitted requesting Mr; Dark to recall his resignation, but it was lost. A committee of twelve was subsequently chosen, and the meeting terminated. Recently, at Mr. Warren's residence, a cat gave lirth to four kittens, one of which (says the Slwalhaven Jews) is a wonderful curiosity. It has all the appearance of a cat, with the exception of its face, which somewhat resembles that of a monkey. It has but one eye, about the rize of a pea, in the centre of the forehead, and which is of a fieiy redcolour. This interesting lusus is alive. News reached Cooma on Tuesday that the skeleton of a human being had been found in the ranges between Coolamatong and Jindabyne. The particulars are as follow:— On Monday last, Bryan Brogan and John M'Gregpr, of Jindabyne, 'were out running up the tracks of wild cattle, and on reaching a place known as the Devil's Hole Creek, they saw the skeleton of a man lying ?on the bank. The bones were devoid of flesh, and the .skull had parted from the trunk, but there were some ?clothing and a pair of boots on the body. There were beside ?. a 6mall blue blanket, swag, and a hat. Brogan camp into Coomaat once to report the matter to the police. It is the ?opinion of Brogan that the skeleton has lain in the position found for about four or five months. Inquiries as to the identification of the unfortunate person have already been eet on foot. — Manaro Mercury. Another case of 'found in the bush' lias -occurred ha our neighbourhood. Michael Honly, an ?employee of Mr. J, E. Serisier, went to Dubbo (the Dispatch states) from the Eumalga Vineyard. It appears le had been drinking. Another of his fellow labourers was cent into Dubbo to bring him back.* He succeeded in so doing, but after a short sleep, rose, took a horse from the farm, and was again on his road to Dubbo. The horse without the rider returned, and suspicion was aroused. All hands turned out, but the body was not found until Sunday evening (the 16th) when Mr. Serisier, accompanied 'by his sons and another gentleman, found it at a distance of about half a mile from the vineyard. The body had apparently been lying there at least for three days. A question affecting the free selection of land. under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, was on Wednesday argued before the Supreme Court, in its equity jurisdiction. The plaintiff agreed with defendant under a written contract that the latter should become the condi tional purchaser of certain land, should reside upon it, make all requisite improvements, and comply with all the conditions of the statute ; the plaintiff was to supply all moneys required, and at the expiration of three years was io obtain a transfer of the land. The defendant did obtain Ite land accordingly, paid the deposit, and made all im provementSj save to a trifling extent, with plaintiff's money ; le also received some £200 as wages. At the expiration of ™ term, however, he refused to transfer to the plaintiff. Jus defence was ithat the contract was illegal, the plaintiff laving entered into similar agreements with several other jercons. The question before the Court was the legality «i the agreement. Judgment was reserved. The Western Examiner says :— ' In perusing an eloquent article, written by Mr. Dalley, hi the Sydney Morning Herald, in which he pays a graceful tribute to tne memory of the late lamented Bishop Pattcson, I was im pressed with the idea that it ought to be made known that J&e; late Captain Gardiner, the father of the present incum 'rat of Trinity Church, Orange, may also be numbered with, those who died as martyrs in the missionary cause, as ne and his six companions actually perished from starva tion while engaged in missionary operations hi Terra Del ?Jiego, or Fireland, a place in the southern part of South fflS**' I4 '^F be mentioned to the honour of the uuistaous dead that he not only lost his life on that occasion, but that he also spent a fortune in his efforts w evangelise the nations of these Southern climes, 'at the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the c7T- ^a8b?«1 fully exemplified in the case of the late ^aptain Gardiner and his six companions, for by their S8 PuWic attention in England was directed to these 'unions, and in consequence thereof fresh missionaries ere sent out, and there are now many flourishing mission eanons, presided over by men devoted to their work, whose ™°nra.(32dlia8 abundantly blessed hi the conversion of ~°?yot .the natives. There was at the same time also MH 'i™01^ of the society's funds as enabled the com ^?ftoDJ1J1d a missionary schooner of 100 tonB burthen, ^r^^er forth furnished and freighted with life for «e 1)^6^ of the people of Terra Del Fuego (or Fireland). ?lie vessel built was named the Allen Gardiner, in honour ttW ?? WaB ^ f^der of the mission, and also to per C^^^anie among the inhabitants of those distant ^~ as that of their great benefactor.' is?6'?? reCeiJ^ °f PaPerS ^^ TaMfci to De' «urn^« ?? granddaughter of Queen Pomare— Terunui- tti^ona^Jerai--died at Papieti in December last, much UnHipX' ^ Tahitian princess was honoured with a ?aandftnV11161^011 the 2Ot^ of December, when the Com PMBnnr™?8818^ at the obsequies. A large concourse of ^S* P^t- Tfae Princess being a Protestant, the BevM 8eTOo at ** *»mb-house was conducted by the fflen.' ?' S& GreFi and Vernier, two Protestant clergy presenf *LcaRtaui '^ officers of the Vaudreuil were «o^rnnrf k Coni*umdant of the Republic (the French evervXii. '''..''ated.the outlying districts, and has been Govenfiw^ re6eiv«l by the natives. The local «^wf « T. Polished the letter of M. Jules Joubert, kvitinb H?o « A6Tirattural Society of New South Wales, in the Snrin^T0^8 of tLe Frencn Protectorate to co-operate fioa hash™!??! Kd'bition in April. Whether the invita ftot aPP«M Up inTabitias it deserves to be, does A special general meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce was held at flie' Exchange, on Wednesday afternoon, to consider the propriety of ' urging upon ihe Government of New South Wales the advisability of making immediate arrangements for a direct mail service between this port and San Francisco.' Notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, between thirty and forty gentlemen were present. The following resolutions .were adopted:— 1. ' That, in the opinion of this Chamber, the Government of New South Wales ought to take imme diate steps to reopen the California Mail Service.' 2. ' That a deputation; consisting of Messrs. G. King, J. B. Watt, J. Watson, M.L.A., and the mover, be requested to wait upon the Colonial Secretary, and to explain to him the view of the Chamber as set forth in the resolution just adopted.' On the 17th instant, a most brutal attempt to murder was made by a man named John Frost, alias Halloran, at the Junction Reefs. It appears Frost was lodging at a Mrs. Downey's, and on the above day a sucking pig was placed on the table, to which Frost objected, saying he would like something better. Mrs. Downey told him he could go elsewhere and get it, for she had nothing else to offer him ; this seems to have annoyed Frost, for he immediately left, got drunk, and coming back attacked the poor woman with a shovel, nearly cutting her face in two. Dr. Sfark, in describing the wound which is on her left cheek, says that it exposed the bone, that there were also .five distinct blows, the bruises of which appear to have run into each other, they were on the left shoulder, and extended down to the elbow. Mrs. Downey was pregnant at the time — the ill-treatment bring ing about a premature birth. Frost, who is a very powerful man, was brought up_ on Friday and remanded for a week, his unfortunate 'victim not being able to attend to give evidence. On the 27th December, this violent man re ceived a sentence of fourteen davs' imprisonment for brutally striking one John Kenny on the head with a stick. — Carcoar Chronicle. On Saturday last, James Seaton was killed in No. 1 Tunnel, and the circumstances connected with it may be briefly described thus : — The deceased was driving from the outside to the second flat or sideling, where the inside horse takes the skips to the men hewing coal in that tunnel. John Smith, the inside driver, had seen the deceased leaving with five full skips, and ho (Smith) proceeded to the men as usual. This done, he returned back again to the meeting place, and s.it down for some time, wondering what was keeping Seaton so long in coming back in his turn to that spot. He sauntered down the heading, and had not proceeded further than about forty yards when he snw the full skips standing, and beheld with horror that the poor boy'sbody was doubled up between two of the skips. Smith immediately gave the alarm to tho men, and a few minutes proved that the poor boy was dead. The place whero he was killed is on the road where the drivers have to put in a number of 'sprags,' on account of an incline. It weuld appear that the lad had finished 'spragging,' and that he made an attempt to get on the ' bumpers' of the skips, and that in doing so his foot must have slipped, causing him to fall between the two skips, and being killed in tho manner named. The body was completely doubled up, the head and feet being together under the skips, while the bent part of the body was on the outside of the rail. From the time that the accident occurred, until the body was found must have been fully half-an- hour. Immediately on the melancholy news being known in the headings, all tho miners and labourers knocked off for the day. The deceased was a fine lad of about 14 or 15 years, and his sad and sudden end has cast quite a gloom over this neighbour hood. Writing on sulphur fumigation for oidium, a correspondent of the Melbourne Argus remarks,: — ' In the year 1862 the disease appeared at the Cape, in the neighbourhood where I was residing, and 23 vines were attacked hi the vineyard of which I had the management. I immediately had them dressed with sul phur, and having an idea that fumigation would perhaps be a preventive, I proceeded in this manner : — Procuring a 6hort piece of plank, I mounted it on two very low wheels, and attached to it a long handle, then placing on this conveyance 'an iron pot filled with burning sulphur, I had it drawn slowly, on a fine warm day, through the rows of the vines. The whole vineyard, and air around, became thoroughly impregnated with the odour of the sulphur, and this lasted for three or four weeks. The 23 vines attacked recovered, and there was no further trace of the disease. 'VVhether Hub was owing to my mode of treatment I leave to others of more experience to decide. Certain it is that my neighbours who objected to the expense and trouble (as they called it) of using sulphur had the whole of their crops destroyed. I might mention that the vineyard con sisted of the French crystal, and a grape known at the Cape as the * steen druiv,' or stone grape, which combina tion, by-the-by, makes a wine strongly resembling some of the Rhine wines.' ? - On Saturday, the 22nd instant, a spot ap peared on the eastern limb of the sun, and has since been observed to be gradually passing across the sun's disc to the westward. This ' sun-spot ' is remarkably interest ing owing to the rapid changes which are evidently taking place in its form. When first seen it was of an oval shape, surrounded as usual with a penumbra, or lightish fringe. The length of this spot is about 30,000 miles. When first seen there was no indication that it would be likely to separate into parts, but on Sunday morning, the 23rd instant, a well-marked bridge of light was observed to stretch across the centre. On Sunday afternoon, there were indications of several such ' bridges ' being in process of formation ; and on Monday morning the ' spot ' was divided into four parts, by distinct bridges of light, with indications of a jret further separation. Towards evening it was split up into seven distinct pieces. During the day considerable change in the outline of ths penumbra was also noticed. On the south side, a rift, ex tending inwards one-third of the diameter, was observed about midday. This gradually changed its direction until the rift became nearly parallel to the general outline of the penumbra — as if there was a large amount of revolving motion, carrying any filaments of the penumbra in a wreath like mnnner'to the eastward. At the Sydney Observatory a careful watch has been kept on the sun's surface since Friday, the 21st instant (and more particularly on Monday), to see whether the supposed planet Vulcan would make its appearance, but nothing has yet been seen of it. The trial in this colony of Armstrong and Bowden for the murder of South Sea natives on board the Carl is noticed in the leading columns of the Daily Xewx of the 22nd January. It declares that it is not often a Judge speaks so strongly as did Mr. Justice Faucctt on. the character of the witnessess for the Crown, and then his Honor's words are quoted. The miscarriage of punish ment by which Dr. Murray as an approver escaped, fully justified the language of the learned Judge in the opinion of the writer, who at the same time can see no reason, except by the confession of Murray, why (he details of the frightful tragedy should over have become known. 'The Judge (says the News), of the Central Criminal Court of Sydney merely stated the efiect of the evidence on all minds when he said, ' It is absurd to suppose that those for whom these men arc thus procured are ignorant of the means employed to get them. Of course, they know all about it. It isa supply of stolen men, presumed to be obtained under the sanction of a Government, and by its license ; and it is to be hoped that that Government will now, at all events, open its eyes to the nature of the abuse committed under the license of its name.' ' The journal from which we quote, thinks there is not much hope of the traffic being put down by a Government with a people so pecuniarily interested in the supply of cheap and coerced labour as is that of Fiji. A telegram states that at a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce of Adelaide, held for the considera tion of the immigration question, a resolution was agreed to that an augmentation of the population was urgently needed, and that the Government be urged to introduce a bill providing for a liberal and comprehensive scheme of immigration. It was stated by the speakers that the popu lation during the last five years had been at a standstill, while the productions of the colony had increased. The total increase in population during the last five years had lieen 13 per cent., which was accounted for naturally. A Fvslem of immigration was advocated by which adults cbuld, be bzvu&bt; out at s, cost of £8t and children free, The report on the vital statistiss of Sydney and suburbs, for February, 1873, contains the following: — ' The births recorded in Sydney during Febnury numbered 207, viz., 112 males and 95 females, being 14 below the quinquennial average, and 72 in excess of the deaths of the month. The deaths numbered 135, viz., 60 males and 75 females, being 8 above the average of the five previous years. The proportion of local diseases was 7074 per cent. ; affections of the nervous and respiratory systems, and cir culating and digestive organs, being as usual the pre dominating causes of death. Zymotic diseases gave 19*26 per cent., half being contributed by typhoid fever and diarrhoBa alone. Seven deaths from violence occurred during the month, viz., fractures, &c;, 3 ; burns, 2_; drown ing, 1 : and murder, 1. In the metropolitan division, the births numbered 403, and the deaths, 194 ; being respec tively 19 and 36 less than the registration of February, 1872\. The infantile deaths were at the rate of 44-44 per cent, to aggregate mortality, and 5*11 per cent, below the monthly average from 1868 to 1872. On Monday, the 17tn instant, a man, named Michael Healy, residing at Tea Pot Swamp, near Carcoar, made a tremendous gash in bis throat with a razor. From what we {Chronicle) can learn the un fortunate man had had a row with his brother and after wards locked himself hi a room— the door of which was burst open and Healy found with two wounds in his neck, one of a very determined nature, and which it was thought would prove fatal. The wound having been stitched up he was removed to the hospital. Sir G. Bowen, late Governor of New Zealand, arrived hi Sydney on Monday, en route for Victoria, of which colony be has been appointed Governor. A public ball was given to his Excellency and Lady Bowen by the citizens of Auckland prior to their departure, and a great demonstration was made on the occasion of their embarka tion on board the Hero. The New Zealand Herald of March 18 6ays : — ' We cannot permit this opportunity to pass without once more recording: our appreciation, and that of the citizens of Auckland, of the administration of the New Zealand Government by Sir George Bowen. On the day of his Excellency's departure for another colony, it is but scant justice to say this much. Sir George Bowen arrived at a period of great difficulty when war raged_ and mutual distrust and jealousy existed amongst the various divisions of the colony. He has seen peace established, and the country unanimously accepting a policy of peaceful pro gress instead of a war policy. Party warfare has likewise lost much of its importance, having dwindled from a contest for principles into an undisguised scramble for -Mce for its own sake. His Excellency, during his whole ad ministration, managed to surmount the difficulties that beset him, and leaves a reputation behind him of which any Governor may be proud. The colony parts from him with regret: and this feeling is all the more intense because of the social deprivation which the departure of Lady Bowen will occasion. We wish Sir George and Lady Bowen as successful a career in Victoria as has been their lot to enjoy in New Zealand.' The following are the particulars of the murder of a black gin, near Rockhampton: — The Bulletin reports that a navvy, whose name is M'Carthy, had been drinking heavily on the previous day, and was on Tuesday, 18th instant, still under the effects of alcohol. In the afternoon Jje was at Mr. Kellaway's slaughter-yard, a short distance from the town, and while there he observed three black gins sitting together a short distance* away. He went over and spoke to one of them, wL^ was heard by the two butchers at the elaughter-yard to reply, and M'Carthy then struck the woman on the head several times with a heavy stick which he was carrying at the time. The gin fell to the ground, but soon after rose and walked some distance away, sitting down ?under a tree. M'Carthy followed her, and before she could rise again kicked her several times on the body with his heavy boots. The unfortunate creature screamed several times, but no assistance was rendered her against the savage attack. Mr. Hobbler, J.P., happened to ride past just as M'Carthy was desisting from his assault, and immediately, on seeing the state of the woman, galloped into town and gave information to the police. On return ing to the place the woman was found dead, and M'Carthy was arrested and charged with the murder, and after examination was committed for trial on a charge of murder Everyone ought to be instructed and learn how to make a tourniquet ; cases of bleeding to death are not unfrequent, yet in many instances the bleed ingniay be stopped by tying a ligature above the wounded part, then by inserting a piece of stick and twisting the ligature ix)und once or twice, the flow of blood, if not entirely stopped, will be considerably lessened. The stoppage of circulation is, of course, painful, but pain recedes before the alarm of probable death. We have been led to the above remarks by read ing in a Melbourne journal that a girl, 7 years of age, nanud Mary Williams, nearly bled to death at Campbell's Creek. She cut her hand across the palm with a piece of broken glass. Neither the parents nor any one else seemed to know how to stop tho flow of blood, for they placed a tobacco leaf, kept down by a small piece of wood, across the wound. By this time the case had become dangerous, the child was removed to the hospital, and the bleeding stopped. If the hand or arm is cut, it should be borne in mind that the main artery is on the inside of the arm, and a piece of ?wood or a strip of calico rolled up tight and placed on the inside of the arm, about two inches above the elbow, pressed to the part by a tourniquet, will stop the bleeding. The finnie course may be successfully adopted if the leg or foot is cut. The pressure must be increased till the bleed ing decreases, notwithstanding the pain caused thereby. At a banquet given in Melbourne in honour of St. Patrick's Day, Sir Charles Gavan Duffy was called on to speak, and in the course of his address he thus explained his elevation to the knighthood of the United Kingdom : — ' The latest news is that, like a j oung lady who has become a bride, I have been changing my name ; and as this news, unlike the rest, is not a fiction, I owe it to friends whom I see here to tell them something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief Secretary in June List, and in. October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing me that the Secretary of State for the Colonies h;id instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of the Order of St. Michael and Georee would be acceptable to me ? Let me say with respect to Lord Canterbury that in all our political or social intercourse he treated me with a constant courtesy, frankness, and consideration for which I must always remain his debtor. But he had refused to dissolve Parlia ment when I consideredl had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was offered me as soon as the papers connected with that transaction could have been laid before the Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible, and even probable, that Lord Kini berley meant to intimate that he did not think I had received the support I was entitled to from the representa tive of the Crown on that occasion. Nevertheless, though that conviction was very gratifying to me, I respect fully declined the proffered honour. Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me the favour to address another letter to me, asking whether I would accept a knighthood? Upon that question there waB the very strongest feeling among two sections of my_ friends. My own countrvmen were of opinion that, having' been four times a. Cabinet Minister, and having been among the firbt men of my race and creed who had won that distinction hi any British community since the Revolution, I was bound to accept this permanent testimony that I had performed the duties I undertook with integrity and discretion. And some English and Scotch friends te whom I owed constant and steadfast support in public life urged that if I declined it the very persons who were bursting with spite and disap pointment that the honour had been proffered to me would misrepresent my refusal, and use it to provoke and if possible to alienate my English and Scottish friends, I accepted, and I have since received letters of congratula tion from every section of this community ; and I am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction at the congratulations of representative men among: the Protestant democracy, who gave me such generous support when I was last in office, or the congratulations of Irishmen who would have renounced and repudiated me if I had accepted any distinc tion on the terms of forgetting my allegiance to lliy nntivo country. I may remind you that when the present Mr. Justice Fellows levelled a vote of want of confidence against the Government, I told him that I would not desert the fortunes of my native country for anything that Parliament or the sovereign, could^ bestow,' 