OUR PARIS LETTER. ; 0CT0B3E 4. . ' Ik capable but honest,' was the general opinion entertained of Comte de Chambord until a few days ago, but since lie has written a letter to a. .partizan unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the . second adjective is withdrawn. It' is only another proof of the, counsel — ' put'- not' your faith in princeB.' It is said that] men are' only consistent when in - opposition; .now, .the Comte de ^Chambord having sworn, as many oaths ,os, a dicer or a i ? ? i j ? i.:- flag — it being rank blasphemy for the people to lidil.their's, the tricolor, to the mast — or the* making of the Pope, temporarily, first flower of the earth und first gem of the sea, and crushing, . St. Mici.ael and Satan fashion, the oonsequences of the First Revolution, now, hints all these views are pure inventions of the enemy. Like ' M. Jourdain, and speaking prose, tho Count has [ been a Liberal all his lifo, without knowing it. This result of the ' fusion'- was.riot. expected.. If Henri V. really intends to ' pose' for tho throne that it seems Providence specially created for him, lie must speak to tbe people neither in parables mor- in platitudes. He must- put. down, ; his liberalism on paper,- which will likely repre- . scut its value, at the same time, sign^seal, and ' swear' to it. Tho ghosts of Charles X. and Napoleon III, might come up for the occasion to encourage him to ' swear.'] When Home , Tooke was askod'lo Bign the thirty-nine articles he replied, , ' with pleasure, one hundred and thirty nine if you .wish.'; 'It is not ;in. that spirit tho finest peasantry under ? the suri ' would like.,, to', see ? Harry the Fifth endosee the points of their Charter.- No matter what ho may recant, or the 'dispensa- tions' ho may receive, tho'.Coriite do Chambord may become king owing to'tbo ' accideiif of an accident,' but lie will never be the corner stone of tho nation,but 'a target, for a few years' for paper pellets and tho whips and scorns of time. May he be. delivered from being another kind of target, . liko hiB dearly beloved cousin, Louis Philippe, whose lifo was attempted once . a year owing, perhaps, to hiB habit' of carrying a Sally Gamp umbrella -which made him bo - re-- ; markable arid — —^famous.' The more the country desires to- have a common , 'sense Republic, the stronger becomes tho determination of the. chance,' majority in tlie Chamber to bestow- upon it a monarchy ? The . people certainly, do not want, this kind of great . ncss thrust upon it, but.lheir sovereign assembly is like woman — ' if sho will do't, sho will ; arid there's an end on't.' ,' Besides, tho Royalists aro;, riot all fools — quite another appellation accord ing to thoir opponents— and .would , not drag thoir.' King through the mud, if they did not boliovo lie would emerge ' a thing of baauty aud a joy for ever.' It is not' thought tliait the Radicals are an inch nearer power, since they have selected the ' ' Red'. Princo Napoleon for chief. ( This 1 alliance ? iB ? one ' of1 tho latest additions', 'to * ' the;'sweep aBpect of ''prince8.?' ' Tho mbderate republicans -find, like ^ the' Egyptians of old, that theii1 stron'gth for: the'! moment. lies in sitting still. . The last subjoct.patriots thing about is the ! certain hard .winter staring 'both citizens:- and: rufals in the laoe. : It is a mistake to calculate upon private charity to relieve a coming misery of vast proportions. The' State has had to suspend 'public 'works — fortifications aud ? the .'manufacture, of ? big guns excepted — on the ground of economy, and the pooplo have made .all tho borie-sorapirig ' rotrenohmeut-. possible. : The French, bear in mind, are the only nation ,'.who have succeoded in makiug an appetizing -dish out of dissolved bones— osseine. May the ;. bones over bo forthcoming, as there are ugly rumors that the tax gatherer will lay on his stripes with ri' heavy' hand, no matter' what form . ? of Government — or possibly none at all — may.- ...be established; Wo ? have desired . to:.rid, Tour-v; , selves of tho invader, und , must pay for the whistle that oharmed , lnm away. The 'Five Milliards Polka' is' very much iri ' vogue';' for thirty-six ifiillions of people can dauco to it, ' .but it sends a sliivor through one, oreatos' a' se'n -sution like whut' a person in consumption' must feel1 when liis health has been toasted. Yes, the hardships of the ensuing wiDter promise to be exceptionally severe; the. misery canriot ' be so successfully disposed of as the cholera, ? and the purse of Sir Rioh'ard Wallace does not, after all, equal that of Fortunatus, for no foreigner, Prussians excepted, is ever prevented from bestowing donations, and practising good works. ? ' Tho Jews have just celebrated the Kippour' or Feast of Atonement, which requires a fasting and praying,for twenty-four hours, as well us a cessation from all worldly 'sailings. Wonder' what would be the effeot if politicians were to try the effeots of a Kippour ? More especially in the caae of the writer of the latest pamphlot,' who profoundly observes in the opening pas sage, ' that it is neceBsary to create a new world, as that whiph is ancient Is ' dead, -.and (hat : .whioh is now-born will immediately die.' To their credit^ ' b'e' ' it'' said,' the':'Jews' ? abstaid as a ' body' from : political - /agi- -7 tations ; some of the ablest- writors in. the. ... ' ' J Paris journals are iTews, and members of that persuasion occupy most important official posi tions. Whilo tho teeth of their co-religionists ' ? ' continuo to be drawn — not on tho painless'1' * ? extraction system — in Roumania, here in Paris ' ? ? u ,-/i tho Jews can find a temporary Promised Land, .. ,r, because France is perhaps rich iu the produc- - ... tion of all that is temporary. Sufferance, ? however, is the badge of all thoir tribo, as being ' '? '? vory wealthy, ovory Christian charity appeals ? to them, and with success, for assistance. They i / are particularly distinguished for the' great ? .v.-.-i# attention thoy devote to all their religions duties, .e.. ?.)- The Jewish colony is divided into some ten or u: l-'ir.i v-i twelve aectious, or tribes ; when -a member dies; ?'* . - .h. every survivor is said to contribute the thou- - i 'A sandth or leas quota of the funeral dxpenses.'j'- ?' f /.ftv If declined, tho amount is carried to a genernl'^'j- ':!*? 'im relief fund. In some' hours Bazaino will bo placed on his''' 'r -«*««£» trial/ which may last for six or twelve wcekr.-, 'J ' *! M- His own Btory is tjow republished in a poprilai''' Tim f-/iJ form, whicli is strange, as many consider hii ' book the most damning piece of evidence against'i-T' ''''' eM him. The journals abound in plans of battler ^ ?'aim fields and , maps of Metz, and Carpot-Moltkcs ' '????mi.teih demonstrate in quite an off-hand wa^,' that if JA the Marshal hud done this, and avoided that,' . wo would, have, had the French ariny riow.f' ''?'''?fl'tii quartered in Berlin. Likely the two fair e^uej- ' triennes, whose evidence piques' curiosity so'1'; ; much, will also condemn the prisoner's s'tl'ate getio skill. It is rather too much to expect, that '? '? in the tremendous struggle among the newspapers,' ;; :ii home and foreign, to report the trial, the sensa* '??. ' ;l 'tional press of Paris will not hold its own. jLnf .'?-f.-iiL;.' f . moment after the indiotment lias been road, tlie^ ' k announcement that the accused has been found' guilty, may bo expected. One can never forgot ? 'tho harrowing details,' obtained at ari 'im- mouse expense,' supplied by a journal, of Em'-u: '.a^ . peror Maximilian's execution at Queretaro; a month beforo it took place. . In all the changes'- : . - ? : . and chances in tho French character, politics ? apart, no one can ever upbraid the working of1 . ' ^ the tribunals in their dispensation of, justice.' ?Thp;trial may be tedious or short, direct or i.minute, but it will be exhaustive, and the judg-l;;' - ' ' ment delivered sound. *? -1-: ;. He heapeth up riches, and knoweth not -who shall gather theni, may be well applied to' the?''' late Dr. Nelaton, who left his immense wealth ' ? to his son, and the latter is about supplying what liis father omitted— pray retneriiber the*-' poor; for it is rather, a good fashion to do so, and deserves'to be^encouraged, especially oh the part of men like 'Nelaton, who nobly rose from ? indigence to honor and .wealth. Young. Nelaton contemplates erecting ..and endowing an hos- ' . ' pital for incurables.. Strange dedication fd 'a v ?' distinguished rrian who was famous for curing . ? everybody but himself. In any case gomei': ? ?journals recommend that the building berapidly , misbed forward and tlie nvetenrinrs nf nil admitted for life ? Pooplo inquire what has Rochefort done with all his fortune;' for in the latter months of his ? ? ! ?.. cometic career he was reaping goldeu harvests. In the late sale bf.his 'household furniture, all it ? brought was some 3,000 francs, and the executor ? of liis estate avowB that is all the means of sup-' - ? '? port left for liis children. It is then- 3,000 -? francs more than possess the children of tbose- : . duped Cotririiumsts whom Rochefort pushed to ; r' their natural termination. It is a- common . .i saying among the work people, that nofmatter - -' - whether the revolutions- tliey take 'part id be- ?? successful or otherwise, till: they receive in' any *'??'?? ' case is the blows. ' ? , : Perhaps the. richest, and riiost lucky man in France is^he. Due d'Aiimale, yist lie is riofat ' all popular ; his ariibition:is. to be 'second' in Ganl. His- wealth will go; to the Comte de . ' Paris, in . the natural course , of things, ' who is ' not a millionnaire. It has, therefore, been a fortunate, occasion for the Count to be re' instated in the family castle of Amboise, fumous ' 1 in history for the triumph of th'eJ Guises over ' ' ' the ' dumb captain,' the Prince of Con de, iirid '* ? wliere decapitations and hangings continued for a;mbnth before the castle, and where the young King, his brothers, their attendants, and the ' ladies of the court were daily spectators. A ' J , short time ago the Comte, and Comtesse de ? Paris visited, this property after being restored ' : to thein, in a vpry quite manner and alone. ' '? Not being known, the holise- porter, like all ' ? suoh Cerberuses iri France, was rude j the ' '!l' ? Count; threw open the window of the dining- : ' room to admire the landscape, and was ordered ?'??? not to do so by the' porter. , The two visitors in- ' speoted other portions of the building; and on ' departing , passed through the'-'dining-room|* when the porter, brutally called' upon the Count , to close tbp.-' window, The latter replied coldly; ' I shall do so \vheri I come to inhabit the castlo .in a few, weeks.'. , Tho porter was dismissed for ? his insolent , ..bearing, and 'such _js' tho history ? '-?? of the noise made about the ' poor concierge Having been sent adrift, ',&c.; ' -- Wo liave hadi anotlwr. suioide with tho re .. .volver, by an officer, : who , .'was disgusted. wich , . life',' after squandering a fortune to produce thpt. feeling. The best -way ofstopping this mania,. ... now so much tlie mode, is fur the. press to pass over iii silorico . theatrical . descriptions , of tlie v. events. More. interesting is the account of a,. poor man who - lost -his uffoctionate wife, and by- \ an'.iOvidian metamorphosie, .believed himself, . * ? changed iiito a-weeping willow.. ;.He jvent about ' ,- the streets-: with a flower 'pot on ;his head, an nounoing his transformation. - !T is,a sad .world,.'..,.) . my musters! . ... . . . Musio is.said tp. be; the, moBt -dembcratio of ' i ?( arts, hence why first and seoqiid fiddles, flute players,' and perforriiors on wind iristrnments in - ' general , assemble iri.a certain by-street, like ? ? laundry, maidB, .woblcarders, and, bakers, to be' ? -hired by.. the night or^ay, pr hoth. Tho owner ? 1 of ii wino sliop registers the offers and demands. ., A' fair fiddler can be induced' to resin his bow ? ' for an evening, for', tj^rob . franc's, but a - rising ' Paganini would demand fifteen. -i.. . , Ainop'g;,th'e minar .aiDictions -which France- ? experiences^ iB that brlier' ehildren of both sexes having now to return, to Bchool after their long ? vacation. I dot not know how tho girls arc appeased ; but the boys seem to fret m propor tion to tho tips thoy receive. A five- franc piece has lost its power to assuago this gnof.- The' .- students have no reason to ' rest and be 'tharik- ?? : fill'; towards the 'preBeiit Government^ which contemplates abolishing all the healthy soholas- ??: .; tic reforms, introduced and oontemplated by the' ? Ministry 1 of Thiers, for diminishing the' hours of study inoreasing the hours, for roorea- . , tion| iiuproviug the daily bread, and multiply- ? : iug recompenses. It is said that youth com-, ; mences in being Radical ;. how could we pxpoot ,. youiig Frauco to give ? the faintest viva for , Henri V., when 'Hie iB associated with the ' return to their1 anoieh. rigime ? .The practice of requiriug yonng collegians -to sketch a con stitution for France, as the subject, of a prize ossitt', is to be discontinued. It iB foutid the practice rcmaiiiBr,with ' tljem through ' life,' and in 'addition,' the Record^ offioe is 'full of ' drafts of model constitutions. We aro to 1 J have, whon the exhibition of very interest- ' inglOrientul curiosities closeSj a.',slioW, of all ,; ' the} articles connected,, .with 'baby'dorrij such as ) 'J' cradles and perambulators, .feeding bottles, and foot jars, lollypops and toy'si ^quills' arid ' night l ; ' ligljts, soothing syrups and '.'clothing. .Xiter-''^ ?' ature will not be neglected } ' from /A.BjO.s rip A' to . Cimlerolla,' ' Jack and tli'p' Bea'ri' gtalk, : and kindred infantile olassics, 'Will 'find a lo'oal^,' habitation. ' '* ' ''' ; y- ;- Deputies are reported to be relieai'sing their '? intruded speeohes fpr the_ fortlicomirig Assem* ?-blyi with their wives for. ( an 'audienco. It is . hinted that not a' fe^ of, the representatives' will.. . arr|vo in tho Chambor witU' tyro'.'or thrbo dis'« , . ootfrses', to Buit oiroum^tariceB, as thoughtful',;) : ^'patiriots aptpd during .the ^'eign pi; T«rfor^ ^ y'- | ' ' i- ?' -miptk. t ' i 