Cruelty to Animals. By thy delight in others' pain, And, by thy brotherhood of Cuin, I onll upon thce, and compel Thyself to bu thy proper hell.-BYnos. Cruelty to unimals proposes a most wretched, unhealthy, and prostrate depravity in the being openly guilty of it. Many offences suppose doni-n vif-.v nf lnnrr Hnrutinn. though not sub jects of public censure until ripened into shameless practice ; this among others. That the actual deed is detestable, and worthy of punishment, is self- evident. But for the pur pose of thorough eradication, it may be useful ? to consider the quality of the soil in which the weed grows most flourishingly ; the shades of incipient deterioration through which the character has probably passed before cruelty to animals has .set firm root in the will and the practice of a once rational being. Cruelty is un abuse of the craving for sympathy and the desire of relief from intolerable anguish. ijBi us lujugiua u uiuu ui |jeui.-i;i in-amu, athletic frame, and conscious mental power, possessed of an easy competence arising from recognised skill. Such a man is never cruel, however resentful, prudent, or, it may be, tenacious of his own. His desire for sympa thy may, as it does with many men, lead him into error — nay, if you will, may make him at times somewhat of a bore. But it never cakes the form of cruelty. Overflowing with self- complacency and good-humour, he would faiu huve all around him, or within his in fluence, to participate in his comforts ; full of self and of self-content, he would see you happy, his own way ; he certainly is in some danger of wounding fastidious pride by his well-meat ptaises, aud of oppresing self- respect by his officious courtesies. There is some thing provokiug in his. exuberant jollity. But (granting all his faults) cruelty is not in him ; we must look elsewhere for ' the sting ing by a heart the world hath .stung.' When health is absent, when sleep has been banished, when envy gnaws the heart, when the nerves are vehicles of torture, and, when there is not only a lack of the aesthetic facul ties, but a maddening consciousness of their absence, when the organisation is inwardly in complete or marred, when disappointment has wounded to the very quick a morbid and ex acting self-love, there may cruelty take root and flourish. Such a spirit wishes,' nay, wills it, to be right, thut others — the more the bet ter — should feel pttn°s similar to his own. There is even a kind of solace, a diminution of his pain, iu a successful infliction. I once saw at a fair a monkey, mounted on a. dog, riding gravely round, a circle. When the mountebauk gave Joc'co a lash with his long whip, he, Jocko, forthwith after u cry, pro ceeded to whack the poor dog that patiently carried him. Such, 1 thought, is an epitome of man's cruelty to imin! We visit our whacks from Nature's horsewhip upou our children, our wives, our dependants, our debtors, our tenants, our humble, friends aud our poor rela tions; aud, last, not least, upou our horses, dogs, and cattle ! So, Sir Giles, in Massinger's plav, cudgels Marru.ll, for no other reason thati that he is ' iu a passion' generally with the world. The intemperate and over-speculative man retires .to rest self-dissatisfied. Coming down in the morning, huggard, nervous, and bilious, he sees rouud the breakfast-table fresh complexions, smiling lips, beaming glances. Discontent tills him. This is unfeeling, he thinks, unsympathising. Like laj-o, he longs to 'set down the pegs that make this music.' He makes a quarrel, vents cruel words, per haps lurches into unjust conduct, and then the sight of tears, or, better still, of mute, blank sorrow, gives 10 uim a temporary reuer, even a soothiug solace. He is fur more to be pitied than are his victims. The disappointed old spinster can find no relief equal to that im parted by scandal. The man who has lost self respect resembles the fox who had lost his tail — he would gladly find or make out all better men ihan himself to be so many shams. The scoundrel, when ' converted,' becomes a red hot Culvinist, full of grace, experiences, and faith, and damns with pleasurable emotions, not merely pure and noble natures, but spot less and innocent babes. Ciuelty supposes a weak, base, grovelling spirit, incarnated in a rickntty body, with shattered nerves and habits wretchedly enervated; it vainly seeks to dimi nish by participation, the anguish that grasps, as with a vice, the puny soul it debases. It were vain to reason with the depraved and demented being that can rub kerosene on to the buck of a cat, then set fire to the hair, and tie crackers to the limbs — that can skin an anim il alive, then cast it forth — that can thrust a pike into the eye of a cow, or drive a nail into the quick of a horse's hoof, that the poor animal may, by walking estropie, add to the diguity of a funeial procession. For the chances are that he would gravely answer you with an inventory of ull that be himself had' gone through in early life ; of the inflictions he had endured from some schoolmaster, or some drill-sargeant, or other martinet in his boyhood ; and, with a beautiful spurious logic (entirely his own), he believes that all this .suffering should be now equally distributed, and not be pent-up and confined to himself. The depravity of his soul blurs his reasoning powers ; he never can forget ' What I have gone through, sir.' Byron has inadvertently taught us somewhat more than he intended in the Hues describing Count Lara : — That HiuciiBtic levity of tongue The stinging of a heart the world hath stung. Bravo Byron ! Dog and monkey for ever ! Seek relief from the stings of the world rank ling in yourself by stinging innocent outsiders, unpracticed and unprepared. The excuse, O poet ! is far worse than the sin. There is, perhaps a distinction between the cruel man and the mere coward, who is not always, or necessarily, cruel or mischief-loving. His relief is to excite fear in others, he would diffuse his own special sufferings. Never so happy us when describing to credulous hearers a contingent earthquake, a coming storm, or impending catastrophe. The 'central fire' ui auuie suiiuuih ui i»eoiogy auoras niru welcome capital. The ' fires of hell,' now derided by children, have relieved many a coward and fattened many a charlatan. But as these are getting stale, trust our friend Bobadil for the invention of some fresh abracadabra, no matter what so tit excite fear. The ammonia in the atmosphere may gradually accumulate, and then, my dear umdatn, a flash of lightning will consume all the haystacks and something more. A huge iceberg has, in all probability, cap sized somewbeie. The second advent — ghosts, bogies — departed spirits who have for gotten their orthography, but can rap tables with, material knuckles — anything will do provided it succeed in flustering and frighten ing the anile simpletons of either sex. The charlatan presents himself for classification. Not wanton, but mercenary, is his ruthless disregard1 of the mischief he doei by Bowing w broadcast error, irupiety, and superstition. M, Elynias quietly counts his crowns and sove- K reigns while planning further tricks upon the' W silly dupes he derides. Populus vult decipi it he cannot translute, but can reduce to prao- t tice. Yet, who is not impatient when seeing ? ¥ a brazen and shameless dunce, who cannot f\ even spell tho ill-chosen words that make up § the bad gramocar in which is habitually t clothed the balderdash and mendacity that he $ talks and prints, actually triumphing over and -i- defying the solid wisdom of Faraday, and fe despite that sage's warnings, based on demon- ES? stration, continue — (yes, even while I write) m — to make fools pay for their own mental de- || basement ? The wise and strong turn away If with disdain and disgust; yet, are we not P remiss, when we suffer the weak, creduloun, || and helpless to be thus mocked, plundered, ']( and ruined. Raphael draws Elymas with a | Id vfttx nornhol In nrt nn na liu rwl-j an/1 atfau» «*- t.n_ ^J sign of u course organisation. He wai right. Such fellows can feel only through back and belly ; so confiscate all the cattle of the one, fiuopty the bag of the other by a heavy fine ; and, for both, the punitive lash. What punishment too severe or too prompt for the human-formed brute that can disregard the silent appeal to his heart, made often by the moistening eyes of his noble slave, the horse ? A friend, content with so little, yet, ready to do so much 1 None. The creature — I mean the biped, the ' man' — is insane ; he is less than human. After the punitive lash, long confinement, diet, medicine, and ab stinence, should be used to restore him to his normal rank in creation. But the cure, the eradication 1 I answer, by diffused education and culture, by wise and beneficent, legislation, by encouraging industry, by proimitiuu cleanliness and temperance, by humanising i ie man. Mark the child of th« mechanic, or uf the tiller of the soil, if only moderately prosperous. She delights in fond ling and cherishing souie pet animal, and is often fearless in the stable and furmyuid. Nature does not pronipt cruelty. Cobbett ad vises every father to see that his children have pet pigeons, rabbits, Ac., however useless, as a i mere discipline ol humanity. Of the more I favoured classes, it were nugutory and super- j liuous to wiite. In the Education Bill, 1 see i the one iddicul cure foi cruelty to animal.'. 1 Teach a mau the value of hia bruiu ; he will j not bruUlise himself by drink. Teach him i that, health is the most exhilirating of \ uguncies; he will aim at and get it. Give ! him a home ; then, with a heart reconciled to j ?ill things uud to itself, he will learn to shudder ! at tho sight of cruelly — to feel as his own i every pain felt by another. As, fearless him- i self, he wishes all others to be calm and enter prising ; so, happy himself, he feels he aug ments his wealth by dili'udion. Cruelty is in all cksm the attribute of weakness. Power, as well us influence, cau be complete without it. Would that I had the power to generalise this question eveu up to legislators aud judges. See that handsome, athletic, young rider. Note the east; of his mastery of the gracila uninml he bestrides. Hah ! a plunge ! a bolt. Youud Edmund sits firm, but bis lip curls, his eye dilates, aud, grasping his loaded whip with the thinner end, he brings down the butt on the horse's head ! — he is bent on victory. 'Ah !' says the admiring Georgiana, ' terrible, isn't it 1 But then, you know, Edmund has such character — such strength of will.' ' No, my dear girl ; he hus u weak character, ! and deficient will. He felt it slipping from i him ; purchased victory by hazarding destruc tion — by desperation. Any brute can strike with a loaded whip. That is not power. He will not make a wise and a good father.' Turn to unotlier picture. Warren Hastings lives no less in rim cmivxn nf Ru. ,..,,!.).. -u. _ — — ? — — — — — — . —w %»» »vi uuma vuttu in the stately periods of MacauUy. His far sighted, calui, steadiness of purpose, and patient persistency, are known to all. Note the portrait. Not handsome, certainly, but un air of calm elegance.und perfectselfreliance makes the eye liuger oyer the fuce. I smile ut his shooting Francis through the body, then sending every morning (the refined fiend !) to iuquire how ' poor AIptF. was getting on !' But, my scene is Duylesford, his native place which he embellished with gulden and terrace! The trial is over ; the struggles of life past! In brocaded dressing-gown and exquisite slippers, a roll of paper in his hand containing a sonnet, the ex- Governor is culinly enjoying the morning uir with his two young nieces whom I pity, for they are defined to hear the sonnet read aloud. In a meadow the groom. is Kxerciaiug a newly-purchased young horse, 'Please, sir, there's no managing this 'ere wicious huubroken young brute ; you might hs well ride a tiger. Pitches me over 'ia head, un nu rnttn livinry nun ? ' if I1 *l- » ?? said HaBtingu, in his low, calm, measured tones 'I think I can manage him. Oblige me' dears.' Diveming himaelf of his superb rob'a de c/iambre, Hastings fixed firmly his straw hat, and leaping on the strong young animal in bis slippers, took the bridle as only a hniue man can. Every hnger of his delicate hand played on the horse's mouth as though it weie a piano. The horae made a demi-volto to the right; the rider aidde him complete the circle ; then the horse galloped, stood still the rider swayed and balanced, yet so im perceptibly that the young ladies thought a glass of water on his head would not spill. Do what he would, ti.e horse was made to understand that iu the end he always did his ridet's will— never his own. Rear, capriole kick up — in vain. The rider was calmy in exorable. Not a blow— not a reproach. At length, covered with foam, trembling, and thoroughly subdued, Hastings surrendered tho beautiful animal to the wondering groom and resuming his brocade, calmly proceeded to in* flict on his nieces the dull poem on which ha prided himself more .than on his rare nerve and pluck. There, good reader, » strength of character and will. There ia a lesson, for higher people than grooms. Violence and cruelty me never, in any case, connected with vigour and will. Mr. Martin's act against cruelty to animals is about contemporary with Coleridge'a poem of ' The Ancient Mariner.' Were £ asked which is the deeper and more potent remedy, I should answer the latter. The sub. . jective poem purities the heait, wherein are the issues of life. The law can but attack the grown matured evil. The poem appeals to. the heart refined b/ culture and hallowed by religion. ' He prayeth well who loveth well Both man, and bird, and beait, He prayeth bust who loveth be«t. All thinga both great and imaUs. For the dear God who loveth «a He made and loveth all.' GoLE&iDoa.; — ' Anoient Mariner.'' NEWCASTLE Printed and Publuhed by M'Diokkk Je Ndtms, at Or ChronieU Otntral MacAint Printing Office, £of-- ton-ttrut, Atxxastl*. 