T H K NOVELIST. THE FE is ÜÍNG OF_WANEEHOWísTA A TALE OF AUSTRALIAN SQUATTING LIFE. (Written expressly for this Journal.) (CONTINUED.) Since the foregoing council of war months had passed, and no rain had fallen. None ap- ! peared likely to fall. The skies were as iron j and the earth as brass. Day followed day. ! clear, but monotonously cloudless. The glory j of the dark blue summer sky, in which burned ; '? nightly "the stars in their course," was fast j becoming to the souls of the gazers, as they i sickened with hope deferred, emblematic of I Borrow and despair. They looked ripon the un ! changing heavens, which during weeks (a long succession) had scarce been flecked by a cloud, as the shipwrecked mariner regards the calm, which he feels in his heart if it remain un broken dooms him to the most fearful of deaths. The grass on the frontage flats had long been eaten, trampled, and dried up, so that thc dusty level looked as if no greensward were ever again possible. Jack Buhner's con tingent of twenty thousand sheep, one half of his old stockjhad long since passed up en route to the moun ;ains. John Buhner himself had gone on ahead to inspect a large tract of moun tain plateaus, which but lately cleared of snow in the warm spring weather, was now waving with green grass and traversed \>y clear cold rippling mountain streams. On his return he was in great spirit as usual, and declared he would'nt have missed the drought and its at tendant adventures for anypecuniary consider ? ation whatsoever. " What's the use of Jeremiads about the drought," demanded he, "and why this despon dent tone and references to total loss and ruin. Go up to the Devil's Punch Bowl and see for yourself, there's scenery there you never dreamed of. It's a regular sanitary station. Simla, by Jove. Lots of nice fellows up there. Sheep have splendid fleeces next year. Extra clip, pay shearing expenses, give you my honour." "Is it open country, or thickly timbered ?" enquired Hobbie. " Bat uer thick till you get in the plateau," answered Jack, " and the glorious downs and rolling prairie sort of country. Fa mons green grass, a little coarse or so, lovely little brooks, régular brooks, by George, running through, and the sheep in clover. Bather cold at night -quite enjoyed a fire- grand snow-peaks to look at. Iiegular A lpine region all over. Native inhabitants cattle stealers to aman, but simple and friendly. "Why don't you fallows come ? I can rent you some country on Mountain Plain. I ve got more than I can use." " To tell truth, Jack," said Gilbert resolutely, " we are not so fully stocked as you, and we have determined to stay at home. We believe that the two back paddocks, especially as the wells have turned out so good, will keep all the sheep, unless things are worse than they have ever been known to be." "Well, of course you can try, old fellow, and you certainly have more grass than any run I know except Falubba and Maradherce, but mind you don't haag on too late !" " We must risk that, I know," answered Gil bert, " and a terrible hazard it is. But we have thought the matter well over, and we are re solved to abide the issue." " Well, you will save the expense of travell ing which is tearful, absolutely heart-rending," said Jack, with much feeling. " The cheques I've drawn since those blessed sheep started would bring tears into the eyes of a stock agent! It's shearing time all the year round-give you my honour. But thei'e's no help for it. You can't exactly cut the beggars' throats. Í sup pose it will rain some day or another. I must be off now. Holmwood tells me his milkers at the station are living upon water lilies in the lagoon, ha ! ha ! They'll soon have to dive for a subsistence at that rate. I hear there arc 30,000 sheep for the Bogan passing up to morrow. Look out for your frontage, Hob bie." So Bulmer the Bersekar departed, leaving his friends rather troubled in mind, and doubt ing somewhat of the prudence of putting so large a stake on the board as thirty thousand sheep and the lives thereof. " By Jove, it's an awful risk, Gilbert," said Hobble, after a long pause, during which they listened to the hoof echoes of Jack's wonderful grey dying away in the distance. "Suppose tho rain keeps off for six months, we shan't save a sheep ; they begin to look rather weak now. I almost wish we had taken Jack's offer and rented some of his country." " Too late now," answered Gilbert ; "we've made our election and we must Btick to it. Tho sheep are a long way from being crawlers yet. Mind you turn out early and take üountem out to meet those Bogan sheep. If you don't wutch them ¡well, they'll strip every blade of grass within miles of the road." Tho morning was fresh and almost cool, the blood-red sun was slowly upheaving his mighty diso above the far pearly sky-line, as Robbie, Elliot, and Mr, üountemout rode briskly along the dusty road towards the wostcrn gate. How changed was the colouriug of the vast meadow, or " river Hat" from the garb of spring In stead of a prairie tall with many a waving tassel with the "sword grass and the oatgrass and the bullrush by thc pool," thc brown bare Hat lay arid and barren. . As far as the eye could reach on either side, there was not only no sign of vegetation, green (save the mark), yellow or brown, but the whole desolate level lookedasif eternally devoted to barrenness. Looked as if grass could never grow there again-as if not only the stalks and tufts, but the very roots of all grass and herbs had perished, now and for evermore. The broad lagoons, deen, cool floored with floating silver petalled water lilies' and populous with water-fowl, were dry, dusty^ I and swept clean of every suspicion of green j weed or reed. ! " They say these sheep are frightfully weak," j remarked .Hobbie, " and dying by hundreds. ; Poor devils, they won't get much better here' if we keep them to their half mile on each side of the road. " Of course we must do that." said Counte mout, " or starve our own sheep. They do say that they lost three thousand in a hundred miles -between Baradine and Wilbandra. Worse than that, Jefferson summoned the gentleman in charge, and mode him pay two men to kill all the slieep he left on his run.» " That tvus sharp work. I think he might have been contented to take tho risk of their dying or living. It was too bad to make the unfortunate beggar pay for the murder of his own stock. We had better push on. I see them drawing off camp and the first flock is passing through the gate." As they reached the boundary fence the first of the fifteen flocks had passed, and the long narrow line of sheep had extended itself along the dusty highway. " Look at them, for God's sake," said Hobbie to his companion. "Did you ever see sheep walk along a road with their heads up like these ? They don't seem to think it worth while even to look for feed. What a fearful array of skele. tons. If I met them at night, I should take them for the ghost of a sheepstation I have scarcely the heart to tell the men to keep within their half mile from the road." They rode up to the advancing flock which, on closer inspection, realized all the wretched ness of aspect which Hobbie had referred to. The delusive covering of their half-grown fleeces, prevented their actual emaciation from being apparent. But the hollow eyee-the trembling limbs-the attenuated frames of the feeble creatures, were signs easily read by the practised eyes of Hobbie and his companion. Mock after flock, file after file, the melancholy procession passed along the dusty highway. The worn and desparate animals never lowered their heads, or walked from side to side in the usual fashion of grazing sheep. Hopeless and nerveless, they had not sufficient energy to quit the beaten track in the vain search for pasture., Sullen and wayworn they paced slowly along the" road. They neither halted nor wan dered, all sensation seemed obliterated except a mechanical tendency to move aimlessly forward till they dropped. And this process in one flock or other was con stantly taking place. The men and shepherds who were, driving the sheep, assisted at the sombre procession with worse countenances. Even they felt j distressed and demoralised. "Well, my man," said Mr. Countem out to one of the shepherds, " this is a bad look out. I never saw so large a lot of sheep so weak before ; you will lose a half of them before long." " Can't lose 'em much faster than we're doin' now-unless the whole biling drop down deal on camp some night," answered the shepherd, an elderly man of acidulated aspect. " They'll do that soon, unless rain comes. We dropped 3000 last week. " How do come you to be so late on the road?'; asked Hobbie, " all the low- down river sheep have been at the mountains months ago." " Well, I believe our boss thought the water would hold out. The feed was middlin' good ; but the back lakes dried up all of a sudden as one might say, and then we was started on the road all of a rush like." " The river was all right, though, I sup pose P" " The river ! 'said the dusty, sun-scorched, weatherbeaten ancient-"the river!" " Well," retorted Hobbie, tartly, " I supple there is always plenty of water in the rive: enough for 100,000 sheep." " Water enough,'' slowly returned the vay f aver. " The stock might drink till all was Hue, or drowned themselves, for that matter. As to feed, I wish you could see it ! " Pretty well picked over, I dare say,' as sented Hobbie. " Picked over," growled thc injured straiger, " see here," and he stirred the flue dust cf the road Avith his foot-" there's no mon feed within twenty miles of the river than tiaro is where wo are standing, nor hnsn t bern for months. " What an awful state of things. What will become of the remaining stock down there if there are three months more dry weather ?'' " God knows ! thero was Jacksons and Huut's, and Roiialdson's sheep back o1 us, as can't travel ; they'll lose 'em in heps and thousands, I'm thinking.' "Here, wake'em up, lass." Tbedog ho addressed, a wiry, restless, intelligent colley, with one blue eye and one brown ditto, had been ambling backward and forward behind her Hock, putting ou a kind of moral n-essure, as it were. At the voice of her mister, sho looked appealingly at him for a moucnt, and then giving tongue, sprang forward upon the weary flock. A feeble rush was tie result, and half-a-dozen sheep fell instantly and kj patient and utterly incapable of rising. «. Come away, old woman," said the shepherc apologetically. " You've got more sense thar I have-I'd never have told yer to wake'em up only 1 Wils taking *° gentleman and think ing of something else. You see what it's like, air. They've been like this for the last 20C mile. " Where's the gentleman in charge of thc sheep?" asked Hobbie. "Mr Delamere, isn't thal his name ? I think the reporter said so." "Well, he went to Jeldebah last night We was camped close handy, and he and the super, had a barney, I believe, ind a travellei told us to-day as Mr. Delamere was in Jelde bah lockup." t " In the lockup !" said Hobble, much aston ished. " What in. the world for ?" "Well I believe the Jeldebah super, has a very rough side to his tongue, he has, and Mr. Delamere, though he is so quiet looking, wil] stand no nonsense from no man, and sc Bonnern' Bill as they calls 'ina, fell oiF his 'orse.' " And was that any reason to put a gentle man in the lockup ?" "Well, sir, you don't 'tumble,' ifBouncin' Bill ¿id. Perhaps he might have got a tap proniis kns-like from Mr. Delamere-he's very" quick with his hands, Mr. Delamere is, and uncom mon neat with it. I dont know as ever I see a gent neater." " So," said Hobbie, "that's it. Well this is Saturday, and he stands a good chance of be ing in till Monday, if I don't fish him up some bail. Well, good- bye. Now don't you fellowsget straggling all over my run, or I'll put you in thc pound, shepherds and all. This gentleman will keep along with you. I'll go on to Jelde bah." Leaving Mr. Countemout to his extremely monotonous but necessary occupation of riding at a foot pace by the funeral flocks, restraining the shepherds from wandering into the heart of the run, pretending to lose themselves and having to be fetched back, after devouring ever j blade of grass in their way, Hobbie rode into the city of Jeldebah. This imposing township Beemed compounded m equal parts of dust, delerium-tremens, dullness, and broken-bottles. It boasted several public-houses, two stores, a large grave-yard, a small school, a blacksmith's shop, and a police barrack. To this latter es tablishment was affiliated the aforesaid lockup, popularly known as " the Loge,' from the pre ponderating quantity of these massive timbers displayed in the floor, the wall, and indeed the ceiling of the edifice. "Well, senior-constable Ryan," saidHobbie, J.P., as a very good-looking well got up trooper came out of the barrack and saluted. " What's this you've been about, confining a gentleman (the Governor's nephew, for all you know) in Jeldebah lockup, just like a horse-stealer ?'' " Assault upon Mr. Hougham, sir. Aggra vated. Mr. Rougham's face fearfully cut, sir." " Did you see the assault P" . " No, sir." " Then you had no right to arrest. I'm sur prised that you don't know better, Ryan, after all your experience. Go and bring this gentle man up to the inn parlour, and ask Mr. Jones and Mr. Williams, with my compliments, if they will walk up." Ryan departed crestfallen. He was a capital fellow, and a staunch sleuth hound on the trail of bushrangers and horse-stealers, but from living in a poky place like Jeldebah, he had be come autocratic, and occasionally rendered himself open to proceedings involving dam ages. Hobbie seated himself in an arm-chair at the top of the table, and presently the "prisoner " arrived, escorted by it yan in full uniform, and entering the door, stood in an easy nonchalant attitude before him. Messrs. Jones and Williams, burgesses of Jeldebah, came in, and bowing respectfully, seated thoin iolves upon the unyielding horse-hair chairs of the imposing apartment. The ordinary loungers of such a settlement-a shepherd or two, whose cheques were only partially melted, a teamster, a chinaman, and a blackfellow, and lastly, the hotel book-keeper, an aristocratic looking personage with a large black beard, ranged themselves at the lower end, and looked with anxiety for whatever tragedy might be imminent. " Cecil Delamere," commenced Hobbie, in a matter of face tone of voice, "you stand charged with an aggravated assault upon Wil liam Rougham of Jeldebah. How do you plead." _ "Not guilty, your worship," replied tho cap tive knight, for such indeed he looked, in a soft maniere tone, as if he were talking to a pretty girl at a flower show. t " Very well," said Hobble. " Ryan, go into the witness box." Ryan did BO, by the fiction of advancing to the corner of the table, and having been sworn, deposed as follows : " My name is Phelim Ryan. I am senior constable of police, stationed at Jeldebah. On the evening of yesterday, 17th instant, at about half-past six, William Rougham gave the pris oner mto custody to me, for violently assault ing him. His face at the time was bleeding, his eye was contused and swollen, and a front tooth had been knocked out. He Baid prisoner had assaulted him without the slightest provo cation. 1 rode over to where I saw prisoner and took him. When I charged him with the assnult, he said «.all right,' and asked if the lock-up was empty. I locked him up. Upon searching him, I fouud four five-p^und notes and some silver, which I produce, a tooth brush, a gold watch, a penknife, and a nhoto graph." Cruss-exatnined by prisoner : " Did not see you commie any assault." " Sign your deposition,'' said Hobbie, who had duly written down this important evi dence, " and at this stage, I will adjourn the case to Friday next, when the Police Magis trate of Moona-warraban will be down. Bail will be taken, in yourself for £100, and two sureties, Mr. Jones and Mr. "Williams, in £50 each. You are discharged.'' it may be as well to inform those of our readers who may be interested in the sequel of this thrilling melodrama, that Mr. Delamere duly appeared before the Court on the eveniug of Friday, as did also Mr. Rougham. An unexpected mail- driver turned up, who swore to haviug been au unsuspected eye-wicnoss of the terrific combat. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 