CHAPTER VIII. AMONG THE ROSES. The moonlight, the moonlight. The merry, merry moonlight 1 Some may say They love the day. But, oh 1 give me the moonlight -F Enoch. Mr. and Mrs. Noel Roehampton were able to go on their wedding tour after their interrupted wedding festivities. Mr. Cameron verified the doctor's pre- dictions, and recovered as rapidly as his dearest friends could wish. In a week* he'was down stairs, sitting in his easy chair, and in a few days more be was moving feebly about, but showing in ¡us face and gait unmistakeable evidence of the shock he had encountered. It had not been a severe one physically, but it, 01 something else, was evidently preying upon his mind. He was feverishly anxious for the newly-married pair to get away. It seemed as though he had some special reason for wishing them to be out of England. " I'm good for nothing while you stay here," he persisted. " While I bave the parting with Maddy hanging over me I cannot think of business. Take her away, Noel, and leave me to myself." When the time for parting with his child really did come, he broke down ra a manner very unusual to one of his generally calm temperament. He wept ra an almost senile fashion, and seemed so terribly full of presentment and fears for the future that Madeline was completely puzzled. " Dear papa, what is it r" she asked. " Has any- thing happened, or are you worse than you wül own ? We will not go if you are " " No, I am well, quite well !" he replied wildly " Go away from England, my girl, stay away, there's peace and safety ra moving about Heaven keep all trouble from you now and always." "But there is no trouble to come to me now, dear papa," she said, wondering at his excited manner " It is all past, and I am Noel's wife-everything is over now " " Yes, of course, everything Isms silly, weak old man, my dear, go away and be happy Don't mind my gloomy prophecies No barm can come to you while you have your husband to protect you, can there ?" She kissed him and they went away, but she could not help expressing her fears to her husband, that his mind was weakened by his late attack " Perhaps if we could find that man that he seemed so anxious about he would be better " " What man, my darling ?" Noel Roebampton was hardly listening to his wife's words, he was watching the play of the sun- light upon her golden curls, and thinking how lovely she was He had borne the delay in their tour and the marring of their wedding-feast with exemplary patience, but be waa anxious to get away now. "Why, the man that made a fuss at the church- I papa knew him evidently." " I'm inclined to think, Maddy, that the man was a myth. I don't mean to say that your father saw a ghost, because be was seen bj others, but that his knowledge of him and interest in him were fancy on part, and only part of the confusion of his coming illness." " But the man said be knew papa, and something about a secret," " And you took fright at it-all very natural, I think the man was most likely to have been an ac- complice of the thief who stole the diamond ring, and hung about with that story to allow his mate time to get off. I wonder the police have not been able to do anything ra that affair It doesn't seem to them that they've done anything but ask me ques- tions." " Because that stupid girl declared she saw your ghost." " " That's twice in twenty-four hours I have been mixed up with a thief. It was odd, considering bow far apart the two places are. I fancy all the rob benes we have heard of lately have been the work of the same gang, and clever fellows they must be. Depend upon it, the tramp*vith the pretended secret was a confederate " No clue had been found to the thief of Noel Roe bampton's wedding day. Mr Cameron's diamond ring was bunted for m vam in Scotch pawnshops Doubtless it had gone to some safe resetter, whose business it was to destroy the identity of such pro- perty, and been long ere this broken up into rough gold and unset gems. Several very remarkable rob benes, excessively clever in their planning and de- fying detection afterwards, had been perpetrated in vanous places, and suspicion pointed at the same gang bemg concerned m them all. No clue could be i obtained. The presence of a handsome, well-dressed woman in every place where they happened seemed to point to her as an accomplice, but she always vanished mysteriously, under their very noses as it were, and left no trace of her presence. Indeed, so frequent and so strange!) managed were these thefts, that reports of supernatural agency began to be rife all over Scotland Now it was jewellery, now money, now a gold snuff-box, filched from the pocket of some local dignitary-now a gemmed necklace, snatched from a lady's throat, and no one knew how, when, or by whom. But the wonder died out after awhile-either the mysterious thief had left the country, or was satisfied with his plunder and reposing on his laurels. Time passed, and Mr Cameron was going about his busi- ness as usual, with somewhat whiter hair than of j ore, anda wrinkle or two added to his handsome face, but as well as ever The dread which had seemed to possess him on his daughter's wedding day bad apparently gone by, and left no trace of un- easiness behind it. The young pair went their tour, and came home to Lord Roehampton's house, where Madeline made the acquaintance of her stately father-in-law, and was shown the veiled picture of the lost aunt of her husband. His lordship was pleased to express his entire approval of the bride his son had chosen, though he looked down upon her from a lofty pedestal of ancestry and family Ende, but Madeline's dower so effectually gilded er plebeian origin that he was pleased to forget that his son was, as he phrased it, " manned into a trade " Indeed, he so far unbent as to give his gracious san tion to a scheme proposed by Mr. Cameron-viz, that Noel should become a sleeping partner in the bank, and so utilise and increase his capital So he were not asked to appear in the matter, he did not care, he said, and dismissed the subject as though the in- vestment of £20,000, or so, of hard cash was utterly beneath his notice. He was kindly inquisitive as to where the young oeople had been, and what they had seen ; but their travels bad been of the usual honey- moon stjle, and in reality they had seen very little but one another. Lord Roehampton indulged in a little languid chaff about the meagreness of their news, and re- called his own honeymoon tnp before the daj s of railroads, when travelling was anything but made easy, and journeys of all sorts and lengths were fraught with excitement. " So you really bad no adventures ?" he asked " You might as well have stayed at home Mis- chances are the very charm of travelling." " We had none, sir, I assure you, yet stay, we had one, at Toulon. Do you remember that prisoner, Maddy ?" Apparently she did, for she turned very white at the mention of the circumstance. " Lets have the story," said hiB father " Oh, it was nothing," she said, hastily. " No- thing at all worth telling. It was only a mistake that a man made " " Only another fellow mistook me for a thief," Noel said. " I must have a double somewhere in the world." Madelme's evident unwillingness to have the story told only added to Lord Roehampton's eager- ness to hear it, and Noel had, perforce, to tell it. It wasn't much when related In their wanderings, they had visited Nice. From there bad gone on what Noel called a " prowl" through the south of France, visiting Toulon and Marseüles. At the former place, wishing to see everything, tbey visited the galleys, where a most repulsive prisoner, expiating the offence of smashing a woman's skull with a hatchet by imprisonment for life, claimed Noel Roehampton as an old aud fami- liar fnend. "How did you 'get out of quod, butterfly?" he asked. "You've been in luck, I see. Did you get your fine togs, and that pretty piece of goods on your arm there, on the square ? or did you crack the Bank of England and run off with a duke's daughter?" Madeline was frightened, and clung to her hus- band's arm, and Noel, turning to the man, haughtily demed any knowledge of him "Oh, I dare say, the ruffian replied. "You're on the square now, but how did you get out of that prison, not a hundred miles from this cursed hole You're too proud to know an old pal, are you ? I'd never have given you the cold shoulder if I'd been bung with diamonds and you passed me a shivering beggar in the street But I'll be even with you, butterfly' I'll round on all your secrets I'll let out about the Birmingham bank and all the rest of the mystenous robbenes-see if I don't Chuck us a bit of 'baccy, and square it with your old chum." Again Noel asserted that he did not know him, and the man sprang at him with a howl of rage, re- gardless of the nngs on his ankles which held him down. The officers interfered, and he was forced away, uttenng fearful curses, and swearing that he would murder his false friend some day There was small probabibilty of that-he would wear out his wretched life there. But the incident made a deep impression upon Noel Roehampton and his bride " That's queer," said his father, when the story was told. " You must have a double m the world some- where. Look here" He took a bundle of papers from a bureau by his side, and selected one. " I received that Just after you started on your tour," he said. " I don't think I should have shown it to you but for what you have just told me. How- ever, we can always be on our guard if any contre- temps should anse." It was a worn bit of paper, with a few lmes scrawled on it m a very fair handwriting. The post- mark and date were London, and there was no sig- nature : "My Lord Boehampton -Tour son It a thief ind the un- cíate of thieves. I know bim well, and saw bim last night at a notorious boase or call for burglar» and retetteraat the Ent- end ol London There wai no mistake and he made no secret of his name or identity You once did me a service wheo I was a lad, and I write these few lines to waru you that Mr Boehampton's share ia the recent bank and other robberies cannot lang go unpunished A Fanwro" " Anonymous letters, are never worth the paper they are wntten on," said Noel, thoughtfully, " but there must be something m this. It would be easy for anyone my height and size, and with dark eyes to make up, to represent me, and a name like mine would be exceedingly useful to a clever thief. Don't look so pale, Maddy, there's nothing m it but chance resemblance and a bit of clever trickery. I can easdy prove myself to be no thief " He spoke cheerfully, but his voice trembled, and Madelme was literally shivering with agitation. " You had better go to your room, my dear," her father-in-law said, "and rest- you look sadly tired " " I think I will," she said, and they could see she was doing her beBt to repress her tears " I suppose I am a little tired " " What makes her so nervous ?" Lord Roehamp- ton asked when she wag gone. "Is she particularly delicate?" "Oh, no-she's bred, I suppose," was his son'« reply, but it was spoken as though he had a heavy weight of care upon him. They sat talking some time after Madelme left them, and Lord Roehamp- ton told his son that he had sent for the family dia- monds, which were very handsome, that bis new daughter might see them, and if ehe chose have them reset. " They are not very old fashioned, your mother wore them," he said, putting the case rato his son's hand ' She may not wish to have them altered." " She will not, I am sure," said Noel, thoughtf ullj He waa holding the case, carefully weighing and scrutinising its contents very intently at least, it appeared so to his father, though, m reality, his thoughts were far away " 1 think hers is not the face to suit that kind of tiara," Lord Roehampton went on " I am not rich, you know, my boy, but I've squeezed out of the en- tanglement of my affairs a paltry five hundred pounds There's the note, I shall put it in here, and give it to her ra the morning, as a token of what I think of the next Lady Roehampton " " You are very good, father," replied Noel, taking the hand that was held out to him, and shaking it warmly "Maddy will feel and appreciate your kindness Do you think those jewels are safe in this room P" "No, I shan't trust them here I shall take them up into my own room, this window can be so easily entered from the garden " That it might, very easily The glass of the long French windows opening down to the ground might be cut silently, and no one the wiser, but everyone felt so secure at Roehampton that proper pre- cautions were seldom taken to make those windows fast. Noel bade his father good-night very soon and went upstairs. He was full of dread, of he scarce knew what, and felt restless and excited Madeline was asleep Her golden hair, escaping from the net which held it fell m loose curls on the pillow, and her lovely, placid face looked as though no Borrow or care had ever passed over it. He stooped and kissed her, stirring the sleeping face into a smile by his mute caress, and turned away with a sigh. " God keep her from all harm," he said fervently, and turned to look out of the window. The moon was flooding the lawn below him with radiance like bright sunshine, and the air was soft and balmy He could not sleep, and the calm, still night tempted him out " If I go down stairs " he thought, " I shall startle my father. I'll e'en take a thiers fashion of exit." He swung himself over the iron scroll work of the balcony, and climbed down the supporting pillars -which were of light trellis work, though suffi- ciently strong-like a squirrel. Then he looked up and laughed. " If I were seen now I should be taken for a burglar," he said to himself. " Well, if I can't get back I must e'en make a night of it, and go m with the milk and the housemaids in the morning. He sauntered away, keeping well in the sbade, last he should be seen from the houses, and gained a little rosery, which had been a favourite retreat of his mothers In her time it had been well kept, the roses being planted ra symmetrical order, and forming a beautiful and harmonious whole, now the bushes had grown wild, and the standards in- termingled the» tops in unpruned luxuriance, wail» dwarf shrubs spread themselves over the ground un- heeded. Still it was lovely even in its desolation, and he sat down on its rustic seat that had been erected there, and thought-thought of the time he hadplajed there as a child, of his mother's tender love and care-his only guide, for his father had seemed to care but little for his children, or child rather, for before be was old enough to go to school Noel bad been the only one left-and of his life since then till ho met the daughter of the Scotch banker. Thinking of his wife be fell into a dreammg reverie of all that had come about since he knew her, and of the strange story which had nearly stopped their marriage. From dreaming awake he came by de- grees to dreaming asleep, for the hushed repose around him, the scent of the flowers, and the trickling of a stream which ran through the grounds, lulled his senses into slumber. How long he slept he knew not, he woke with a start to find the moon clouded, the air chilled, and stirring with a moaning wind, and his own face gazing at mm thraugh the bushes in the dim light, at scarce the distance of a | yard. _ 