VARIETIES- Valuable Resiphase, by Josh Billings. How to pik out a wife.—Find a girl that iz 19 years old last May, about the right liiglit, with a blue eye, and dark- brown hair and white teeth. LET the girl be good to look at, not too phond ef musick, a firm disbeliever in ghosts, and one of six children in the same family. Look well tew the karakter ov her father: see that he is not the member ov enny klub, don't bet on elekshuns, and gits shaved as least 3 times a week. Find out all about her motbei, see if she haz got a heap ov good sense, studdy well her likes and dislikes, eat sum ov her hum-made bread and apple dumplins, rfotiss wether she abuzes all ov her nabors ask her servants how long they hav lived thare, and don't fail tew observe wether her dresses are last year's ones fixt over. If you are satisfied that the mother would make the right kind ovmother-in law,yu kan safely konklude that the dauter would make the right kind of a wife. After theze preKiuinarys are all settled, and have done a veazonable amount ov sparking, ask the ynng lady for her heart and band, and if she refuses, yu kau konsider yourself euchered. If, on the contrary, she should say ye-, get married at once, without any fuss and eathers, AND proceed to take the chances. I say t; Ice. ilie chances, for thare ain't no recipee for a penekt wife, enny more than thare iz for a perfekt husband. Thare iz just AZ menuy good wifes az ihaiv, iz good husbands, and I never knew two pcoj-I<% married or single, who were LORNNM-d tew make 'eiuselves agreeable tu e .cli otlur, but what tlivy suckceeded. NAME vure oldest boy HUM GOOD stout NAME, not after sum hert, but should the FIR-T boy be a girl, 1 ask it AZ A favor to aiie that yu kaul her liebekker. I do W.HIT SUM ov them good, old-fashioned, names revived and extender!. Here's A new illustration of canine slirewune^s. A dog, whose master purchases i;!S family supplies at one of the two meat markets but a few doors apart, HAS BEEN in the habit of going there every LUC!) with a five-cent piece which his owner UAVE him, in his mouth, and RE- CEIVING in return a dinner of meat. 13ut one dav he blundered into tbe OTHER market. Too proud io REFIVM, he L;<M his money on the counter, and was furnished A diimer HV she proprietor, who was familiar with liis habits. But either through generosity or more liberal spiriT of dealing with customer? of every sort, the dinner WAS considerably mote bountiful than lie was in the habit of receiving at his old quarters, and from that day to this he has regularly patronised the market v. hich experience had shown gave C him the most for his money.—Springfield M Republican, Fashions in California.—During the past week new and seasonable fashions have prevailed upon the city thoroughfares. Noses are worn with blue and red tips, and for misses an opalescent head has been much in favor. For lips, purple shades are universal. Cheeks may be either striped or mottled, an effect of uncooked beefsteak being popular. Teeth may be slightly exposed, and, in fashionable circles, are kept chattering. Ears and bands are worn red. For the feet, chilblains are now quite common. "Handkerchiefs are carried in pairs, some persons preferring two pairs, AID are kept MOIST. Purses are very generally carried empty; the face io WORN long, to match. Charity has. been the rage, and there are few persons iu socieiy who do not. claim to belong to the Poor Associa tion The display of seasonable articles in the shops attracts much attention— nothjng more so than a curiosity which may be seen at several hanking houses it is called Money.— "San Francieo news- letter." 