CHAPTER XXVIII, BILL BBOWN'S STOBT. There was ae sang amang tbe rest Abune them a' it pleased me best. -Burns. The croBS-eyed chairman of the company looked askance at the two new guests while the song was proceeding : he was not quite sure who or what they were. They had used a name which was a sure passport to any society in which he mixed, and they seemed to be quite au fait to the object and meaning of the " lead ; but still, somehow, he did not think they were quite, as he expressed it, " on the square." "You're very ready to say as other folks will oblige, master," he growled, when the frightened looking lad had concluded, amid murmurs of admi- ration and applause. " P'raps you or j-our palll give us a chant or a yarn. Sailors should be full of such." "So we are; stock full-running over. Here's my mate's been all round the world, and a'most to the moon in a balloon as well ; he can sing like a mermaid, and tell tales like the biggest liar I ever heard speak-and he warn't a little one neither. What shall it be-story or song ? You've only to say. He's ready-ain't you, mate ?" He clapped Andrew on the shoulder, thereby rousing him from a reverie, anything but pleasant, into which he had fallen. He was sadly considering the men and women in whose society the man whom be deemed to be his Bon seemed to pass his time men, some of them, of the lowest type; others with pretematurally sharp eyes and wits whetted up tithe finest degree on the sharp whetstones of poverty and crime ; women, whose only knowledge of decent life came to them in dreams-God help them!-and who may have imagined sober hus- bands and clean firesides as more fortunate people imagine their more splendid air-built castles; and children, old in vice and misery, who drank greedily out of their mothers' glasses of fiery spinta, and sucked the foul pipes the men laid down, as other children, less schooled in the ways of the world, suck at sugar-sticks and drink milk. His heart was heavy as be thought of all this. The knowledge that he must look for the son his brother had cherished up to manhood among thieves and their surroundings had come to him with a sharp pang at first, but he had not felt it so near to him till now-till Mr. Black had whispered to him when thev entered, "Thieves and gaol-birds everyone of them;" and he looked round to find confirmation of his wordB in the faces of the company. He started at his companion's touch, and met many a scowling glance. " Your pal don't seem to care for our company," said the squinting chairman, sulkily. " Oh, yes, he does. He's a bit down no w, hut hell wake up when that there bowl of punch comes np. Make haste, Jemima ; here's a gent as wants a glass to clear his throat" And he nudged Andrew under the table as a eau« tion to him to indulge in no mora reveries. " You're called upon for a song, mate," he said (he was evidently bent upon being the life and spint of the company, was Mr Black) "/can't Bing, but I'll trj and spin a bit of ajarn, majbe, by-and bj I never can patter till I'm pinned up a bit. That's nght Jemima," as the girl brought up a huge bowl, not of antique Dresden or ludían china, or even of modest earthenware, but of good, honest pewter, that would not break if the guests got playful, and used it as a weapon or a shield, as Mrs Huggins s visitors had been known to do With it came the " matenals "ma basket, and hot water in a spmt can, and Mr Black engaged the disagreeable chair- man in the manufacture of punch His name for the nonce was " Bill Brown," while Andrew adhered to the " John Smith," which had been the cause of so much astonishment to Noel Roehampton in their odd meeting at Leith " But, Lord bless j ou, not ' John,' " said Mr Black, as he uncorked bottle«, and cut lemon«, and turned sugar into the bowl, till the ejes and mouths of the companj watered at the sight " AVhoever heard of a sailor called John? Jack's the word, ain't it old pal ? Jack-and that's enough for any sailor " And a thumping smack upon the back admonished " Jack ' to mind what he was about, as there were un- friendly eye* upon him " " To be sure it is," responded Mr Yates " I'm all nght now, lads I've been spreeing a bit too much, and, till I get a glass, I'm apt to be down Lord 1 what a place this London is for seeing life, to be sure !" He aroused himself from his revene, and fell to, helping to ladle oat the punch, and hand it round with true sailor-like bonhomie, but he noticed that though everjone appealed to dnnk without stint, in reality they drank very little, and he detected more than one warning glance passing from the chairman to any unlucky wight who seemed inclined to take a glass likely to send him ov er the line where be re- mained strictly master of himself and lus actions Loudlj called upon for a song, he asked what sort thej* would have. " No foreign lingo," said one. "Don't know any" " fiean't you foreign ?" "No-as English as you are, though I've been nigh in every countrj " " Well, tip us a good old English song, fine and spicy, none of your moral rubbish, wot a cove goes out and Brags with a parcel of kids " " Nor DO hymns," stipulated a lady, whose closely cropped head showed a recent acquaintance with the prison shears, and in consequence with the melodies she reoudiated " I'm Bick of em Ugh !" And she looked it " I don't know any," responded Andrew, with a laugh " Nobody ever taught me no hymns Here goes" And in a rich vo'ce, though with very little know- ledge of music, he trolled out an old song, with a good rollicking chorus, in which the company joined in various keys and with small regard to tune The song was all about " My love he was a sailor bold, and the chorus was " Be foi de riddle ol de ray ' which suited the taste of the audience exactly, and caused Mrs. Dickson to shed m my maudlin tears, and to declare that Mr 3mith had a voice exactly like the amiable departed m honour of whose manes the "lead" was held Many friendly thumps on the back and proffers of steaming glasses hailed the conclusion of Andrew's vocal effort, and then Mr Bill Brown waa called upon for his contribution to the festivities of the evening " Well, I can't sing, as I said, matea," he replied , " but I don't mmd it I do spin a bit of a yarn, only you all seem to know for better ones than I can tell " " Give us one, and try and don't jaw about it," the polite chairman said " And give us a gbo«t in it," suggested a woman, with an uifant in her arms " I do so love a good ghost's-" » "Well, you8ee, ma'am, ghosts aren't m my line much," he replied " I never saw one that I know of, and I never met with any one as had , but I've known a Shadow, and that's almost as good, that brought a man to the gallows once I beg j our pardon, ma'am, I didn't mean to be anyways per- sonal," he added, apologetically, to the widow, who was groaning and shaking her head " No offence, I hope?" " If none was meant, none was taken," Mrs Dickson assured bun, and, indeed, any one might have spoken of the gallows before her as much as they liked She would have been in no way af- fronted so she could have had such another glass of punch set before her has Mr Bul Brown ladled out as he spoke " I dare say some of j ou will remember the hunt there was among all the girls about the Highway and Whitechapel, and down there, some j ears ago, for a young Scotch heiress that was said to have run away I was-well, it don't matter much what I waa-any way, I lived down about the Highway then, and I knew most of 'em The story that came to London was that this girl-a Miss Balcbnstie, of Balchnstie,-had run away from home with some one very much beneath her-one of her father's ser- vants, in fact-and that the old man had refused ever to see her again " " Small blame to her if she liked the man," struck in a woman " You shut up !" said the chairman " Go on, mister. What then ?" " Well, the old man died, and it was found that all his money and everything else, was left to this girl He'd ney er signed the will that cut her off, and it was all here The lawjer folks and relations set to work to find her, because, until it was known that she was dead, no one could touch a farthing, and it was given out to the police and people mixed up with it here in London, that tbey couldn't look in any place too low for this Miss Balchnstie She'd come down to the streets-and that was about the sue of it-and gave herself up to dnnk and the like altogether " " But what about the Bhadow ?" asked the woman who had spoken before " There's a many goes bad besides her Tell us something we dont know, mate" "You seem to know a lot about the police," grumbled another man " Ever bad any thing to do with them ?" " A deal too much," was the quiet replj " They were alwaj s down on me when I was a youngster, trying to chevy the life out of me when I was doing my best to earn a penny, and marching me up before the beaks if I dared so much as speak Anything to do with them I Whafs the matter with you f Ain't you well ?" He spoke to the scared youth whom he bad obliged to sing, and who bad been treading imploringly on bia toes under the table, as if to beg him to desist " Yes, I'm all nght Did I touch your foot ? I beg pardon." "Don't you do it again, a cove don't like his toes trodden on, I can tell you Pve got corns-I have Don't touch me again, or I might kick " He accompanied his words with an admonitory look, under which the eyes of the youth fell, and he looked at bim no more, and left his toes undis- turbed. " There was a tremendous search made for the girl," he went on, " and it was found that she had been latterly known by the name of the ' Butterfly,' being fond of light gauzy kind of clothes and bennets, and from a fluttering sort of way she had of gomg about A woman in the Highway had had her m her house for a spell, but she'd lost her for several days, and thought she'd gone off with some sailor or another, and very angry she was, for she said the clothes she had on were worth a mint of money " "Ah, they all say that," remarked a young lady, with interest, whereupon she was bidden to hold her tongue, and the story went on " She was gone, and that was all they could make of it, and the police were completely puzzled-they had no clue at ali. She hadn't left a rag of evidence behind her to tell which way she'd gone I don't suppose she'd ever have been found-at least, not for people to know who she waa, but for an acci- dent (Im coming to the Shadow now,ma'am") he continued, parenthetically, "and I think accident has aa much to do with what goes on in life as most things " He paused, and took a long pull at his punch be- fore he went on, aa though he wanted to refresh his memory, and then he wiped bia lips and beard, and recommenced with another look of warning at the pale lad opposite him " One morning, juet in the midst of all the fuss about Catbenne Balchnstie, a young lad was taken to Wellclose Square Police Office , and the charge against him was trying to break into a church It was a queer thing The sexton swore that he was passing the church about seven in the morning, and aaw the boy-for he wasn't more than a boy-trying to get m through one of the v estry windows that opened at the bottom The boy was very much frightened, but said be was after no harm, he wanted to get into the church to see something He wouldn't tell what nil they sent for his father, and threatened to send him to pnson, and then it all came out The father said that the lad had come home from church the night before, and told how be had been looking out of the gallery window matead of minding the parson-as lads will and bow he had seen on the blind of another window the shadow of a murder." " The shadow of a murder !" said the squinting chairman " That's a rum thing to say, mate " "That's what the boy satd, anyhow," responded Mr. Brown " He declared that, while sitting there, among the good people engaged m their prayers and sermons, he had Been a man's arm seize a woman who waa sitting between the light and the blind, drag her down by fier hair, and strike her several blows with a weapon that looked like a hatchet He had even seen the blood spirt up and remain m Bpots on the blind. He had been so transfixed by what be saw or imagined, that he sat staring tall the light bebind the blind be was looking at suddenly went out, and he found at the same time that the service was over, and the people going out " " And what came of it all ?" asked the chairman, with a particularly ominous scowl on bis face "Was any one swore to death by such a cock-and-bull story as that?" Mr. Brown was opening his mouth to answer when the slipshod " gal" rushed wildly up the stairs, announcing breathlessly " Ifs ten o'clock, and they've come !" and amidst a general uprising of the company and a great clatter of spoons and glasses, three people walkbd into the I room. (To be continued) FUNERAL OP THE CHIEF JrjBTICE OF NEW CALE- DONIA.-On Sunday last M. Pouzolz, who had been appointed President of the Supreme Court of Noumea," New Caledonia, and Chief Justice of that colony, died at Courvoisier's Hotel de France, while on his way to enter upon the duties of his important office. The deceased gentleman was interred yester- day at the Balmain Cemetery. The funeral cortège started from Courvoisier's shortly before three o'clock, and was preceded by a guard of honour composed of mounted police. The following gentle- men followed the remains of M. Pouzolz : - Sir Alfred Stephen, C.J. ; M. Jules Simon, Counsel de France ; M. Courtin, the Chancellor of the " Consu- lat;" Mr. J. G. L.Innes, the Solicitor-General; Mr. Butler, the Attorney- General ; Mr. Jules Joubert, Dr. Laurie, M. Lemaire.and other compatriots of the deceased gentleman who had responded to the invi- tation of M. Simon. The carriage of his Excellency the Governor took up a position in the line of pro- cession, which reached the cemetery by way of the Parramatta Road and Petersham. The funeral cere- monies, performed by Dr- Wazir Beg, were masonic, M. Pouzolz having been a freemason.-Senda of Wtdiuiday. 