T3E. BAPTIST ASSOCIATION.,. The annual meetings of the. South'Australian Baptist Association were- commenced at the Lecture Room adjoining the. Flinders-street Baptist Ohurch, on Tuesday, September 2.' At 11 a.m. a minister's prayer meeting was held, and at half-past 2 o'clock a minister's con ference was held. On Wednesday, September 3, the meetings were continued. At 10.30. a.m. a prayer meet ing was held, followed at 11 o'clock by a busi ness meeting. At the latter meeting the Rev. S. Mead (the Chairman of the Association) vacated the chair in favor of the Rev. J. Price, the Chairman elect, who read an address on Rest and Effort considered as conditions in the life of Godliness." The Rev. & Mead moved—"That we tender to the Chairman our thanks for his paper,. and express our conviction that it be printed in the denominational magazine, Truth and Progress." He ^ expressed the great pleasure he had felt in listening to the very valuable paper read by Mr. Price, and more especially the first portion of it, with which he entirely concurred. The Rev. J. M. Day seconded, speaking in com pl mentary termB of the paper, and the motion was carried, with an addition subsequently sug gested by the Rev. Mr. Mead, to the effect that 1,000 copies be struck off for gratuitous' distribution. The Rev. Mr. PsiOE briefly re turned his thanks for the complimentary manner in which the address had been spoken of. THE ANNUAL BEPOBT. The Rev. H. J. Lambebt read the tenth anuiial report. The report stated that the work during the past year had been unobtrusive, and had accomplished but small visible results; but while many shortcomings and failures we're acknowledged, Divine kindness in what had been done was devoutly recognised, and thanks to Him were offered for the successes which had been achieved. After referring to the objects of the' Association, and the difficulty felt in authoritatively pronouncing upon a tho roughly successful progress during the past year, fear was expressed that comparatively few conversions would be found registered, nor_ was it cheering in the least to know that a sitnilac dearth of spiritual gain characterised the other denominations around. Great vitality had hitherto distinguished their association in this work, but this year few fresh spheres;of labor could be pointed to, .and on some of their old fields^ it might be that they had scarcely held their own. Yet, although this year's foliage might be less luxuriant, and the' gathered fruit less abundant, it was believed, that the^ roots were deeper down, and their capabilities for usefulness in the future greater than ever. During the year the Churches at ; Moonta,_ Teatree Gully, and Inglewood had been assisted by money grants; and during the early part of the year. the -Mount Gam bier Church received much encouragement in the residence and labors of the evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger. Since February Mr. Badger had been located at Saddleworth, where he had considerably strengthened the Church. The Churches and stations upon the preachers' plan .had been constantly visited. The method, of supplying stations had been changed, and now,larger ^Churches undertook the respond sibility of supplying the smaller Churches that were near and needed help, and the change Had been found advantageous. The services of lay preachers were thankfully and gratefully acknowledged,, and an appeal was made to others of their young men who were, gifted to speak, that they should seek employment; in this work. There were still Churches needing pecuniary Jhelp, and Churches needing pastors, e.g., Magill, Aldinga, Saddleworth, and Mount Gambier, where in either case a devoted man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, would' be warmly welcomed and earnestly supported with a little assistance. Magill and Aldinga, being within easy distance of Adelaide, had been well cared for ; Saddleworth had been attended by Mr. Badger, but Mount Gambier, being so far away, had languished considerably. Regret was expressed at the necessity of transferring Mr. Badger to the North, but it was felt that the new areas had the greater claims, and it was hoped that the Mount Gambier Church would have been in a position to invite and settle a-; pastor in their midst. Other districts required attention, but it was regretted that the Com. mittee was unable to meet their wants, together with the demands of the new areas. No fresh workers had been brought from England during -the-year, but instructions had been sent to jthe Rev. J. L, Parsons and Messrs, Goode and Fowler to send out a brother at once, and they were anticipating the earlyarrival of Mr. Bot _trill, who ,completed his studies in Regent's Park College in July last. The services of the Evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger, were spoken of in very high terms. Mr. Badger, in addi tion lo the oversight of the Church at Saddle worth, had been conducting services on the hew • areas. In several of these localities a lively in terest had been awakened, and at Georgetown " the brethren were preparing to build a church.' The claims of those localities were fully recog nised, and regret wa3 expressed that the Com mittee had not the means of attending to them. . The Committee were glad to state, that a young "man" who had long rendered useful service as a preacher, was now earnestly seeking to improve his powers for usefulness. Their two brethren who at the last annual meetings were compara tive strangers, were now firmly settled—the Rev. M. Lloyd, at Alberton—and this gentleman was able to minister to the Welsh population at Port Adelaide in their native tongne; and the Rev. H. Morgan at Lyndoch Valley. The Rev. J. Renney had taken the Teatree Gully and Inglewood Chniches, and Mr. J. Birks had been removed from Magill. Thankfulness was expressed that death had not thinned their ranks; a hope that the Rev. J. L. Parsons would return from England with his health re cruited; and reference was made to the im provement of the Church at Gawler and the addition of the gallery to the Flinders-street Church. Allusion was made to the half-yearly meetings held at Gawler, and the Aged: Ministers' Relief Fund. Rules for guiding the Committee in dealing with the income from this fund had been drawn up. TINANOIAL BBP0BT3. i; , Mr, Jamzs Smith read the financial reports. From the annual report of the Association it seemed that the balance in hand, &c.;, at; the commencement of the year amounted to £156 14s, 3d. The contributions from the churches amounted to £183 13s. 9d.; donations and sub scriptions, £117 8s, j making the total receip ts, £462 14s. The expenditure amounted to £470 3s;, making a balance due to, the Treasure^ of: £7 7s. Since the preparation of the report he had received about £6,' and liabilities which. had since been contracted? amounted to about £1'2. . The report of th9 Aged Ministers'Fund "wasmext read. It stated that the amount de posited in the National Bank, at 3^.per cent., amounted to £1,000 6s. 9d.', 'and since then had been received £L 10s. In reading the financial report of the Building Fund, Mr. Smith said they commenced with a nest egg of £12,: and they had received during the year £4: Is., making the total-amount in aid of the £11,000 for a Building Fund, £16 Is. The whole of these reports were adopted. j _ The Rev. J. M. Day read "a paper on " Sugges tions' as to""better"mode of" dealing -srith the Church Property of the Denomination." The Rev. M. Lloyd read a carefully-prepared paper upon " Christian Zsal." COMMITTEE OE ADVICE. The Bev. S. Mead moved—" 1. That a Com mittee, to be called 'The Committee of Advice' —consisting of three ministers and four i lay men, all being members of this Association—be elected by ballot annually, and be eligible for re- election. 2. That the function of this shall be to give advice, to make awards, as the;case may be, in all cases of dispute, which may arise from time to time in Churches, whether be tween pastor and people, among members themselves, or between OhurcheB. 3. That the .Churches be cordially invited to avail them selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, bat to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitration, and, if possible, to agree beforehand to abide_ by its decision." Ha pointed out that disputes sometimes arose J in Churches, and the parties being divided and i having positive convictions of the right of their respective rights and the feeling accompanying this, they were not fitted to jndge so well as an nhprdjhdiced and thoroughly impartial tribunal; • This proposition did not trench on the true, in 'dependency of a'Christian Church, and-the appeal to a third party was to some extent' "sanctioned in Christ's Church. The desire of the resolutions was tojprovide for true peace in their.Churches,. The,details of. the proposition could be altered. Mir. James Smith (seconded, saying he thought the election should not be by ballot, but by the annual meeting. Mr. Mead consented to the amendment of .the resolution to meet'this. The Kev. D. Badger moved that such a Committee was unnecessary. The reso lution striick at the root of the' indepen dmcy of their Churches, and they had no power to enforce any decision. He advocated that the parties in dispute should try the New Testament plan first, and if that did not j answer, the two parties -who were divided! should elect a Committee in - which they would have mutual confidence. The Chairman said the amendment could not be entertained, as it was- simply ' a negative. . Mr. Niebour supported the proposition, pointing out that ■eaoh' Church was not bound to seek the advice of the Board of Arbitration. He could speak confidently in this -matter, and, from his know le'dge'as a member of the Church at Magili, he could affirm that such a Board was necessary. Mr.-Barker supported the -propositionj affirm ing that it did not override the freedom of the Church, or of. any individual who might get into a dispute, as they were invited by the resolutions tp have recourse to the Board of Advice. - They could adopt the - plan of endeavoring to settle the matter among themselves, and if that did not answer,. appeal to the Committee. The Eev. Mr. -Lambert supported. Mr. A. S. Neilr also supported, suggesting that four should make a quorum,... Mr. W. K. Thomas, in supporting, thought a.; member or members of the Baatd of Advice.interested in the Church matter under discussion should withdraw from consideration of the subject. The Eev. Mr. Mead, in reply, thought the question mooted by Mr. Thomas was met by the suggestion' of Mr. Neill. As to Mr. Badger's remark, that they had no power, that would apply to their Association itself. Thpy were-Dot a legislative body, but a voluntary- Society, and had no power to enforce any resolution against any particular Church that, they might arrive at; The motion was earned in the folio whig amended form:—"1. That a Committee,'tolbe called .'The Opmmitteer of Advice'—consisting of'threehhinisters and four l&ymeii;, 'all being members of; this ■ Association—be-'elected' an nually at the,annual meetings,vand be eligible for re-election, >and that fourJoe.a quorum. |2. That the function of.-,this shall be "to give advice," to make awards, "as the case may' be, in all cases" of dispute, which may arise from time to. time in Churches, whether between pastor and people, among members themselves, or between Churches. 3, That Churches : as Churches be cordially invited to avail them selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitra tion, and, if possible, to agree beforehand'to abide by.its decision." . I QOMMDNION SERVICE. . There was a good attendance at this service, : although the . weather was very. unfavorable. The centre pews of the church were completely filled.- :The Eev. H. J. Lambert' presided, and the Eevs. J. Price,-M. Lloyd, and D., Badger engaged in prayer. Mr. Lambert gave a brief address, referring chiefly to the ordinance as calling to mind our union with Christ. The Kev. S. Mead also gave an address, in which he dwelt upon the importance of regarding the Lord's Supper as a feast of joy, as a festival of purest joy. He remarked that if there was one place beyond others where our joy should abound it was at the Lord's table, He stated that the history of this ordinance, as it had been observed during the eighteen centuries since its institution, showed that it had been sadly perverted. At the present time many entertained beliefs "regarding it very opposed to the simplicity of the rite as esta blished by. Jesus. Especially was it deemed necessary—to dwell upon the sorrowful aspect of Christ's death and sorrow was almost regarded as essential to the mind of the communicant: but the sorrow of Christ was the prelude to His joyful resurrection, and we should dwell upon the fact of what the Saviour is to the believer now. A collection was made at the cloBe", amounting to £6 153. The collection would have been larger if full notice had been pre viously given. 