THE CONFERENCE PICNIC. By Punch's Special. H ! for a Froissart's pen, or Froude's, Or, if fate denies, The Argus Fly's, III j Made expressly to well, surprise. I I % Not, of course, that it won't be true i I % Every word that I'll tell to you ; I Ij Only, that just by way of change, |p — - 1| It's pleasant to let the fancy range, / 'j. I, And, with dainty delicate pencil, paint, ' / fJ things that are, but things that ain't; I /' To twist and twine each word that's ' J U said , m Into just the very reverse instead ; And that's the identical reason why I m such dead nuts on that Argus h ly. The moon was fair and the sky was red, When the youthful William sprang — GW& from bed. 1 " Ha, ha !" he cried, as he donned his = slippers. " To-day I'm the jolliest of skippers. What ho ! without— my new steam-packet ; Here's death to many a leather-jacket." Oh ! 'twas a sight to cure the cholic, Or all diseases diabolic, To see our Captain take his stand With a bottle of " fiz " in either hand, On the quarter-deck of that gallant ship, And roar thro' his trumpet to "let her rip And "rip " she did, like a ram turned loose, Till we reached the haven of fair Vaucluse. There is popping of corks, and jingling of glasses ; There is sighing of lads, and laughing of lasses ; There are mountains of mutton, and champagne, and chickens, And gen'rally speaking, very good pickings, Beneath the trees, Where in two's and three's, Jolly Jack's guests are taking their ease. There are Ministers gray, and Ministers grim, The Hon'rable Jack, and the Hon'rable Jim — All sorts of Hon'rables singing a hymn ; Which, when it was over, a rubicund "phiz," Like a turkey-cock's comb when its dander is " riz," Gets up, and says he, " I'm sure you'll agree That if there's a fine-looking fellow it's me. 'Tention ! I drink this loving cup To the commander — shoulder hup ! — Of all our forces, sea and land, Field- Marshal but you'll understand, No need to name th' illustrious party — Here's to him, boys, with honours hearty." Oh ! then the welkin rang ; Another hymn tliey sang, When a curious old cove, whose name I don't catch — 'Twas something like Francis — declared he was match For the fattest field- marshal that ever wore boots — If he thought not, he'd pull his beard out by the roots. He'd a cold in the head, and a toast to propose ; They'd excuse him, he knew, if he spoke thro' his nose. The prog was first-rate, but the grog was first-rater, Tho' for his part he'd lunch very well on a 'tater ; So with these few remarks and a hip, hip, hooray ! He rather believed that was all he'd to say, " Then up there sprang the bearded host, And a bearded host was he, " Now by old Billy Went worth's ghost, It 's nearly time for tea. The Conference may go to well, Suppose we call it Hades, I trust some sanguinary swell Will wind up with the ladies. " Swift as electric spark, The skipper of our bark, Bushed to the rescue of the lovely dames, Fired with the mem'ry of a thousand flames, " Woman ! " he cried with palpitating passion, ' ' Dressed or not dressed — I mean but in the fashion, Or young or old, or fair or fat or forty, Still ever nice, oft nicest when you 're naughty, Delightful woman, source of all our joys, Our hearths and homes, our little girls and boys, Without thee may the living world go hang, Here 's to thee and the old girl Dr. Lang." Here our reporter's narrative breaks off abruptly. He is supposed to be still transcribing his notes of the Doctor's speech in reply. 