FATHER BURKE. 'THE CATHOLIC CHURCH THE IMAGE OF GOD." ( From the Irish American. ) " / have loved, 0 Lord, the beauty of Thy House, and the place where Thy y'lory dwelleth ." These words arc found in the Book of Psalms. First of all, dearly beloved brethren, remember that the man who spoke those words, is declared in the Scriptures to be " a man after God's own heart." He had his failings, like other men. God permitted him to fall into great sins ; and great was the penance with, which he paid lor his sins. But, in spite of his failings, in spite of his sins, he was still declared to be the man after God's own heart," because his zeal lor the House of God, and lor the glory of the dwelling- place of the Lord, devoured him. Why do I say that' it was in this especially, that the royal prophet was a man alter God's own heart? Because I find that when God him self became man, the virtue, beyond all others, that shone forth in him, — flashing from him like the lightning of his diviiiity — was zeal for his Father's house, for its beauty and its grandeur. And the only "time when the angry God shone forth in the person of Jesus Christ, — the Redeemer, the God of mercy, — was when he found them defiling his Father's house, and with his own hands, lie scourged them from the holy place. Observe, secondly, beloved brethren, that, although the, prophet of Israel de clared tha t lie loved the beauty of the house of the Lord, lie spoke not of the temple of Jerusalem. It was not vet in existence ; not a stone was yet laid upon a stone in the house which David's own son, Solo mon, erected. Therefore, when the prophet exclaimed, " I have loved, O Lord, the beauty of thy house, and the place where thy glory d.wclleth," nothing remains but to conclude that, when the prophet spoke, the Almighty God bad lifted up the veil of the future, and appearing before his prophetic eye. revealed to him the glories of that church which was to come, and which was founded on the prophets and the apostles, the great corner-stone being Jesus Christ himself; — that church of which the apostle said : " Christ our Lord loved the Church n.nd oyi.vo himself for it. laid dmvn bis life o — t for her that he might make her in all things perfect and worthy of himself; without spot or wrinkle or any such thing but a glorious church ; that church in which the -"""inspired one in the Apocalypse said : " Be hold the tabernacle of God with man. He shall dwell in the midst of them. They shall be his people, and he the Lord their God." What church is this ? It is the only and the one church, of which Christ, our Lord, the Son cf God, is the divine architect. " Wisdom had built unto herself a house," says the inspired writer, " and carved out seven columns." Faith is to be there supporting the atrium over the altar of God ; prudence, 'justice, wisdom, forti tude, and the inestimable treasure of all others adorning and beautifying the dwell ing- place of God with man, — charity. Oh! it was this beauty which captivated the heart of Israel's prophet-king ; it was this beauty which Christ himself set upon the brows of his church, as a crown of unfading, imperishable splendor. Thus the prophet eye, turning from Jerusalem, and from his home, entered into the future of time, and into the designs of God ; and he exclaims ; " Oh ! how fair are thy tabernacles, 0 Lord pf Hosts ! I have loved the beauty of thy house, and the place where thy glory dwelleth." Now, first of all, my brethren, let me congratulate you that you are here to-day. If David was pronounced "a man after God's own heart," because he was zealous for the beautj' of the house of God, may I ask you, m yfriends, what has brought you here to-day with love in your hearts and eyes, and with gifts in your hands, if not hhnf. SAlf-sn/nift n.n<1 <1n«ivn mirl Ihva I'm the splendor and the beauty of God's dwell ing-house which filled the heart of the prophet, and, in spite of his defects and sins, still made him the man conformable to the heart of God? It is the sign of predestination, — the sign that God intends and proposes to raise that man to a high place in heaven, and to carve for him a tabernacle of peculiar glory, — when he pours into a man's heart on this earth a lively and anxious zeal for the honor and beauty of the house of God. Again, let us consider what was that beauty which captivated David's heart. What was that glory which he was loving when lie made that exclamation which I have quoted in my text ? Was it a mere material beauty ? Oh no. It was not the beauty of the material edifice only ; it was the spiritual, divine, heavenly beaut' which he saw in the Catholic Church, in that she is the image of God. You saw that it was published amongst you that this was to be the purport of my salutation to you this morning : — " Tun Catuouo Cnuitcu is tjik Image oe God." . There are certain pre tensions about this that yvouhl be alto- gether plasphemous if they were not divine. There are certain words which can be ut tered with truth only by the lips of God ; and upon any other lips they are rank blasphemy. Now, in the world of this our day, — the intellectual world, the learned society world is stupilied and amazed when the Catholic Church comes forward with i what to them appear such, outrageous and J absurd pretensions She says: " I alone ; have salvation." iM.cn say : " Shu bias- j phernes ; salvation is only from God." She comes forward and says : " I alone, of all j human institutions, of all things upon this , earth, am imperishable, immortal, and eternal." And men cry out : " She blas phemes, — this Catholic Church; for God ! alone is imperishable, immortal, and eter nal." Well, my friends, if the Catholic : Church were not the image of God ; if she were not divine in her origin ; if she were not altogether supernatural in her institu tions and in her life, these pretentions would be plasphemy ; these words of hers would be impiety. So it was with her di vine founder. When he said : " I am the light of the world. Come to me whilst the light is shining amongst you."-— that word would be blasphemy, only lie was God who said it. When he said : " Without me ye can do nothing. Unless you believe in me, you shall be lost for ever, and die in your sins," — that word would be blas phemy, only it was the Son of God .who spoke it. And when he said : " You can not destroy me. You may destroy the temple of this body, if I permit you ; but in three days I will rise from the grave, imperishable, immortal, never to die or sec death again ;"' — that word would be blas phemy, only he who spoke it was the Sou of God. So these pretensions of the Ca tholic Church, these words she speaks, would be blasphemy on any other lips. They who don't believe in her origin and her institution, speak words of wisdom when they say' "she blasphemes.' But, is she divine? does she come from heaven? does she come to us from God? does she bear his image ? When, we approach the sublime truth, —that the Catholic Church is the image of God, — it is necessary for -us first to con template that God, is as revealed in Jesus Christ, our Lord, The apostle speaking of our blessed Saviour, calls liim the image of God : " Christ Jesus, who is the image of God : Ohristus qui est imayo Dei A If we contemplate our divine Redeemer in the height of heaven before his incarnation, we behold him the imago of the Father who begot him, the very figure of that Father's substance, and the splendor of his ' glory ; we behold him equal to the Father j in nature, in eternity, in power, in every | attribute of God. For he was the uncreated ; Word of God '; and being the Word of God, j lie was in heaven the very essence of truth. ; Being God — " true God of true God." lie ; was the quintessence of sanctity : being i equal to the Father in divine nature and in | essence, he was. like the Father, eternal, \ he came down from heaven to earth, this infinite, eternal God, — and became the child of a human mother, and took her nature and her flesh, and lived amongst us. He conversed with us ; and he died at our hands — the Lord Jesus Christ. O great Son of God ! my Creator ! my Re deemer ! my only hope ! give me words to sound thy praises ! He brought from heaven all that he was in heaven. He was God in heaven ; he was God upon the earth. He was essential truth in heaven ; he was essential truth upon the earth. He was infinite sanctity in heaven ; he was in finite sanctity upon the earth. He was, in heaven, the principle of the life that could never die ; so, coming to earth, he asserted his immortality in the glory of his resur rection ; having passed through the gates of death, he rose again, never again to die. Thus do we behold him, — the Word un created in heaven, — the Word made flesh upon the earth : but still the same, — the image of God." Now, mark that in his coming, in the fulness of his divinity, in the greatness of lnvj fvni.li in f.lw.i iwiuf/.n> -» !' In'.. . wH J b, - ui uini) ah. viiv n ui ui liio octiiG ul u \ j and in the privilege of immortality, Christ our Lord remedied upon this earth the great evils of the sin of man. God created man without sin. " He made him right," says Ecclesiastes. He created man without sin, and conferred upon our first parents four magnificent privileges. The first of these was that ho gave to man the enjoyment of the picsenee of God. Thus we see that before Adam fell, Almighty God was accustomed to come down from Heaven in some wonderful, mysterious form of rapturous beauty, to appear before his newly-made creature, man, and to converse with him familiarly as they walked through the shades and groves of Eden. Secondly, ho conferred upon unl'allon man the light of knowledge and of wisdom. Ail wisdom he gave him — a comprehensive intellect, informed bv the highest knowledge of the things of earth, but still more of the things of heaven Thirdly, lie gave to unfallen man the privilege of sanctity and purity of heart, bravery, strength of affections, nobility of impulses, generosity of senti ment, and tl;iw J-y a Go made him the image" of God. Fourthly and lastly, he gave to man immortality that never 'was to see death ; for man, once created, was designed without tasting the bitterness of death to enjoy the participation of eternity with the God that made him. Now these were the four things which God gave to man, and in which he made man before his ,sin the fair image of himself : and these are precisely the four things which, lost to man by the sin of Adam, are restored to us again by our Lord Jesus Christ in his incarnation. First of all, man lost the presence of God. God came, in an angry moment, after his groat sin. He spoke-— Ah ! no longer in the sweet tones that were once heard, falling like music on the ears of the unfallen man, but, like the voice of. angry thunder muttering in the sky, he heard, " Adam, where art thou? Come forth. Cursed art thou and the earth in thy work this day ! ' Then God departed iuto the high heavens, and for four thousand years his voice was never heard again upon the earth. Man lost the uift of hiirh knowledge. " Truth has diminished amongst the children of pion," says the I'salmist. And we know that one of the terrible eil'ects of sin was the darkening of the human nature and intellect. No longer was it comprehensive, no longer intuitive, no longer quick in its scientific glance. He must now labour — the student must now labour all his years j in trying to discover a few natural or a few supernatural truths, that he maybe saved ; j because truth alone can save the soul of man. By degrees, and in the course of time, the very idea, of God perished out of the minds of men, and they adored the basest things. They deified their passions and their own vices, and they bowed down before them, and gradually they lost God. By sin Adam not only lost the presence and knowledge of God, but lie lost the divine grace of God that was in his soul. No longer did that soul look up, like an unspotted mirror, to throwr back in all its clearness and freshness the outline of the glorious figure of Almighty God, who stamped himself, an image of him ;olf, on the soul of 'man. Oh no, but, shattered into a thousand pieces, it broke, like a broken mirror into a thousand reflections of all things around — the reflection of sin and shame, the reflection of every form of : misery and iconfusion. The image of God was no longer seen, the likeness of God was no longer reflected iu that soul and lclG'J. U1JLLV UiJOlt-U M Ik') OU UK1VU ( l 1W1I1L of being grovelling and seeking for the things of the oartU, as it he was created for them, debasing and dishonoring the soul that God had made for himself in hea, ven. Finally, by disobedience, sin came iuto this world; and, by sin, death. Man lost his immortality: he was no longer immortal. Death came — the angel commissioned by the Almighty God-— by the word he received from God, which was : " This race I created having sinned, go thou .in amongst them. Strike them down of all ages. Let no man escape — no, not even my Divine Sou himself, when he becomes man; for it is decreed for all men once to die." This is the fourth tre mendous loss. Now, mark what Christ our Lord re stored. First of a, 11, coming he brought to us that God who had fled in his anger, iuto the recesses of his own infinite holiness, in order that he might not see the crimes of men. He brought from heaven with him iu the hour of his incarnation, the fulness of his divinity corporeally. He brought with him .the voice that spoke to Adam in the groves of Eden. He brought with him the power that created Adam from nothing, the sanctity that filled Heaven and the earth. And that voice of God was heard amongst men — no longer, as j) n the summit of Sinai, in the rolling and sweeping thunder, striking terror iuto every heart ; no longer as heard by the prophet on the mountain top, preceded by the earthquake and the storm of fire, but he came, the Virgin's child, full of sweet ness ; and, as the last word the Father had said in his auger was, " Cursed be the earth," so the first public word that Jesus Christ spoke was, " Blessed are ye, 0 ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of heaven." He brought with him, moreover, the know ledge of God — the divine knowledge that springing from heaven and from earth was a certain knowledge not admitting of any doubt or dispute; coming home to the in telligence upon the authority of God that cannot err, unchanged and unohaugable, that is never to contradict itself, never to deny a single utterance; the knowledge supreme, never to permit of contradiction, never to allow any form of error to exist for an instant in its presence. Such was the knowledge he brought who said to all men, " You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Ho brought with him the sanctity of God, his own in finite sa-nctitv, to pour out from him like a mystic, fountain " unto the cleansing of the sinner and the unclean." He said to the Magdalen who fell at his feet.- " Arise, () woman, thy sins are forgiven time." He let out his own infinite purity and sanctity, so that she arose at the sound of his words as euro as a:; archangel of God. Ho said to the paralytic man, " Be of good cheer, my son ; thy sins are forgiven thee ;" and at the scuiul of his voice the cerements of siu burst ; the vile load of sin was re moved from him, and he was in the new ness of life. Thus we see the great truth that when our divine Lord and Master made atonement for the sins of man in general upon the cross of. Calvary, paying the price due for our sins, that he went into detail, teaching, as well as dealing with their sins individually and personally, unto their cleansing and absolution. Finally, he brought back to man the immortality that man had lost — not, in deed, by dispensing with that law of death to which ho himself conformed, but by lifting up our hopes, and giving that immortality beyond the grave which is the inheritance of the truo believer in Jesus Christ. He said that " he that believeth shall be saved. He that believeth in me, and lets me dwell in him the same will I raise up at the last day." Now we come to the great question, " How Qui onrist our .Lioru perpetuate all these amongst men ?" He came to give all these to men. We know no man can dispute it. If there be any here that are not Catholics, I have not said a single word that one of them can contradict. It is common to all who believe in Christ to say that he was the Sou of God, and came down from heaven, and brought the truth and his own sanctity, and came restoring to man the immortality of everlasting glory and life eternal in Heaven. But the Scriptures tell us, of Christ, that what lie came to do 1,800 years ago the same he was to continue unto the end of time. Wherefore thy Apostle saitli that " Jesus Christ, the anointed Saviour — the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever" — as neces sary now, in this nineteenth century, as he was in the first century. He is still the only Saviour, " the only name under heaven by which we can be saved the only source of salvation. He is as neces sary for us in his presence, in liis truth, iu his sanctity, in his immortality as he was unto the people of Jerusalem eighteen hundred and seventy years ago." Did he remain ? Of all the most important ques tions it is the most important — did he remain, or did lie leave us as we were before ? Did he, on that Day of Ascen sion, withdraw himself from us so that no man can hear his voice, audible as at first to us, in his well-known accents of sym- pathy for our sufferings, as we kneel down at his feet to hear that Saviour's word? Did iic depart, or did he remain? He himself tells us emphatically : " I will abide with you; I will be with you all days, unto the consummation of the world." If we ask hi.ni for what purpose, he answers and says : " I am to be with you in order that my truth may remain unchanged and unchangeable ; in order that my sanctity may remain, and my embodiment unto t!ie cleansing of the sinner and the unclean ; that where sin abounded grace may still more abound." Christ came down in order that all men may have light, and have it more abun dantly. And so he will remain ; he will remain with you all days unto the consum mation of the world. Lest men might doubt a vague promise, and think that he would remain only as an inlluence, as a presiding agency in a kind of spiritual communion by which we were able on the wings of prayer to soar aloft to him — (we hear men again and again saying this) — the Eternal God, on the night before he sullered, took the elements of life, bread and wine, and by a solemn and most ex plicit word he changed the bread and wine into himself. Himself: God and Man. The Eternal Father is in the Son of the Virgin again — all that he had as God, all that he had as Man, all that must come from liim by the union of the two natures in one person. He said ; " This is my Body ; this is my Blood ; all that I am, all that I have been. Do ye this unto the end of time." And ; " He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood shall have life eternal : and I will raise liim un on the last day." He specilied, he defined, he localized his presence. N o doubt or cavil about it. Never, for fifteen hundred years, did the Church he founded express a doubt as to that presence ; but all men believing in the name of Christ adored him, present on the altar, for fifteen hundred years ; until, three hundred years ago, a man who once himself adored — a man who had been for years a sacrificing priest upon the altar — came and said : " Christ is not here ;" and the nations had the misfortune to believe him. Christ said he would remain ; and he expressed, moreover, not only that abiding presence in the Eucha rist, but also declared that he would remain as a guiding influence in the Church, which she was ever ready to follow, and which she never could escape, lie said ; " I will build my Church upon a rock, and the gates of hell shall not pre vail against her ; I will send my Spirit of Truth' upon her to lead her into all truth, to keep her in the truth, and to remain with her all days unto the consummation of the world." And all this he said before ho told them to g'o and tuaelt the nations, Then lie said, after this promise : " Re ceive ye the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth.' Then he gave them his commis sion : "Go, teach all nations, baptising in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Whr did he give this promise to them Why did he so emphatically teach the truth and the fulness of truth, that he would never leave them, and that the gates of hell — that is, the spirit of error — should never prevail against them ? Why did he say this ? Because he know well that unless they were able to connect this commission with his presence, and his spirit, and his name, 110 man of sense from end to end of earth would he obliged to believe them. Not a word ! Peter, you may preach to me ; Paul, you may write to me ; Matthew and John, you may evan-. gelize me ; I will never believe one word you sajr. Oh! Peter and Paul; Oh! Matthew and John, until you are lirst fn fn inn fln.if tlwj f-i-rwl T is with you. with his Spirit of Truth, un changing, unfailing, in the midst of you lor ever, I cannot conceal my astonish ment, my friends, that men how down and believe the Gospel, believe its teachings, and yet calmly declare that there is no infallible guide upon this earth to teach man the truth. I would rather live and die an infidel, in honor of my humanity, in honor of my reason. It would be more honorable in me, at least, to live and die au avowed infidel than to demean my intel ligence, stultify my reason, and say I believe that, without being able to assign the infallible authority upon which it 'comes to me. And there is 110 infallible authority upon this earth save and except the Catholic Church. She comes with her proof from God. If she had not that proof her words would be rank blasphemy, as her enemies assert. Thirdly, he remains in lier, not only that his truth, silent, bright, divine, should shine for ever in the intelligence of man, but also that his divine grace, might find its way to our souls to cleanse us from our sins, and preserve us in our purity, .kkwl ofv/jiwYf Iwvn iiu ill mil Wi-kiilfiifuiss il.lirl crown our virtues with the Christian grace of final perseverance unto death. Hew did he effect this ? He said to his apostles and to his church : " You go now to preach the gospel. I have given my power and my authority to you ; you are to do it in my name, in my promised presence ; for my spirit is with you." That is not enough. " You are goiug to preach to sinners, to men who still have their weaknesses. Go and preach not only as a source of illumination, but also as a powerful remedy against their spiritual foes and against the power of temptation ; as a cleansing influence -Upon the impurity of man's fallen nature." Therefore I say to you — " As the Father sent me, so do I send you ; all power in heaven and on the earth' is given to me by the Father ; I give you also all power in heaven and upon earth. Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins ye loose upon earth are loosed in heaven; whose sins ye retain 011 earth are retained in heaven, and between me and the sinner; stand in my person; stand in my commission, and in my strength ; and say unto the sinner, unto the end of time, what I said to the Magdalen, ' Arise, go in peace, thy sins are forgiven thee.' " And in this divine commission he sanctioned his own presence in the church of God, not only as the source of light, but also as the source of divine cleansing and grace. Therefore lie said to his apostles : " You are the light of the world ;" but he added : ' You are the salt of the earth." Finally, he remained in his church, con- ferring upon her not only his own divine presence 011 the altar ; not only his truth 011 her lips ; not only his flowing graces in her hands; but he remained, with his church, conferring upon her the privilege and the attributes of eternity. The church of life can never die ! Can never die ! Kingdoms may break up ; empires may dissolve; systems of philosophy may crumble and fall to pieces ; principles, re ceived as the first principles of science, may be disproved ; but there is one insti tution, one power, one system of know ledge, one champion and teacher in the world that can never change or die, and it is the Catholic Church. Why ? Because Jesus Christ founded it, and declared that it should continue unto the consummation of the world. " The heavens shall pass away, but my word shall never pass away-; and my word is that I shall be with my church unto the consummation of the world." ijenoiu, umuij ucxutcu, uul; uciUliu;."! that the prophet saw and loved. He saw them not in Jerusalem ; the altar and the temple of Jerusalem had only the offering of the " Hollocaust the whole burnt- oblation was offered, and the blood of ani mals was poured out as a peace-offering Mid as a sin-offering. The altar of the Catholic church immolates another victim ; perpetuates another and more glorious sacrifice. God himself is offered to God. Christ once more renews, in a different form the action of Calvary unto the ob taining of all blessings and Ml graces for his people, David saw not the beauty of the sanctuary of Jerusalem; for the la\v made no man perfect ; the sacrifices of , the law gave no man the assurance of pardon. But in the Catholic church the priest, in the tribunal of Penance, says : " I absolve thee, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Not in my name, not in my person, but by the power which Christ has given to me, I absolve thee : and the penitent, sorry for his sin, knows that that word though it comes to him from the lips of a priest comes from Jesus Christ as if he himself had spoken and breathed over him as over the Magdalen in the day of her repentance! And now, my friends, not only does the church possess all these beauties as she dwells 011 the spiritual foundation which Christ our Lord made for her ; "hut she is founded upon the prophets and the apostles," says the apostle ; and Christ says : " I will place thee, oh Cephas ; I will make thee a rock and upon that rock I will build my church." Peter, indeed, 1,A I'.MttwlofiAii.ofmiA iMif- /"M i. lllcbj Ut, lUUUVunwuu »tiu Vllllbb lb more so. And, just as the foundation- stone here is imbedded, and laid into the strong supporting masonry under it, so that it can never move, never sink ; — no declining out of a perfect rectangle, on account of the solidity of the base upon which it rests, — so the Lord said to Peter : " Thou art a roelc." He meant to say Peter should be a foundation-stone ; but still the Lord himself, coming in his un seen power of truth and sanctity, was to be the solid bed 011 which Peter was to be imbedded, and 011 which the church was to be built up. I say all these duties, all these privileges remain with the Catholic church everywhere. She endeavors to bring them forward always. Not only by the voice of her preachers ; not only 1> v the action of the priests upon the altar and in the tribunal of Penance, but she brings them forward and puts them before the world, that 110 man may he ignorant of them. She is constantly preaching and saving to the nations ; " I come from" God ; God is with me ; I am the truth, because God ds with me ; and God has his Israel. I am able to purify, because I have the JJLILO UAVlllO »» lllLli lb lllSbl UlUGUIiill Hi conferring immortality. I alone am im mortal." She not only preaches this in order that all men may know it and he saved, hut she endeavors to embody all this beauty she proclaims even in her ma terial buildings. Every stone in the sacred house of God; every rock that is im- beded here, has, in the perfection and in the symmetry still of its beautv, a living sermon, telling the people : — " Here is the house of God ; the tabernacle of God with men ; here is the home of truth, where 110 man can ever hear error ; here is the fountain of sanctity, welling forth unto the cleansing of the unclean sinner ; here is life for the dead; here is the' Lord of the resurrection, Jesus Christ." You are come together here to-day, to lay that foundation-stone and rock with jov, and full of zeal for the house of God ; full of hope that some day there your eyes may feast while thev feed upon 'its con summate beauty. Upon this I congratu late 3rou. But think liow great is the task find noble work that God has given you to perform. When David was making pre parations for the building of the Temple of Jerusalem, he said : " The work indeed is great, for it is no house for man, but for God." If lie said that, how much more truly may you say it ? First of all, the Catholic church lias compressed, as it were, all her privileges in these walls ; the mystery of the Incarnation is perpetuated within these walls. Yes, yes ! the walls and the altar will stand here, and the bn vnovnrl OBfl llAl1ftflt.il tillfi cross, within its golden gates here to linger, God, the eternal God will dwell as really, and truly, and substantially as he dwells upon the Father's right hand, in his glory in heaven. Not a house for man but for God ; not a house for prayer only, but for the presence of God ; not a house for sanetification only, but for God, the author of sanctity. Here will lie dwell, because we listen and hear, " Behold the Tabernacle of God with men ! He shall be in tlie midst of them ; they shall be bis people ; lie sliall be tlieir God." Oh ! what can I say of this divine presence hovering over that altar, divinely invoked by tlie voice of tlie priest ; hovering while God moves the hearers, and shakes tlie hills and tlie mountains to tlieir bases. " The mountains," saith the prophet, " shall bow down, and tlio bills be shaken before the glory of thy eternity." At the voice of the priest sounding uponthis altar all heaven will be in commotion ; the Eternal God will rise upon his throne, and with the swiftness of thought take liis way to earth on the wings of his own divine promise to be lier altar personalty. Every angel and archangel will start 011 liis throne to give glory or accompany in adoration, and veneration, and love, No day without the beauty of liis prrsence. Here will lie remain that the afflicted may be consoled in body and mind ; tliat the penitent may be absolved by him ; that the young child may receive at his bap tism life through him ; that the aged and d4ying may receive tlieir last strength and food from him. Here will he remain even when you are thoughtless and forget ful of him, ever living to make intercession aud to scatter liis graces. There was this neighbourhood, yesterday, like any other place of man's dwelling. The sanctity of the domestic home was here ; the joy of the family was here ; the energy of the enlightened aud energetic people was here ; the administration of human law, admirably carried out was liere. But when this church is built and this altar is erected, I sliall be able to add, that the Eternal God is here. As dif ferent, therefore, as heaven is from earth, must this place be from the moment you have built your Father's house, and raised up a tabernacle and altar for Jesus Christ. As different as a tlirone in heaven is from the loneliest place of earth, wlieu this place shall be honored, and God comes and takes liis dwelling amongst you. How will the Church proclaim his presence Oh, my friends, by tlie solemn and distinctive beauty of its architecture. fI lin inoKf; nhcsnwm flm lmwl nr/Iiii- Vjl. f ury passer-by will look upon the dwellings of men and say, there dwells a man of dis tinction. He will say that is a hall of jus tice or of legislation. He will say again, there dwells a counsellor of men ; aud the moment lie comes witliiu sight of these Gothic walls, lie will see the cruciform building and pointed arch ; in the window a painting of lieaven ; the tower resting upon its massive buttresses, lifting to the clouds the sign, the mystic sign of the cross. The moment he sees this, ho stands and says : ' There dwells God." The truth of the church will be upon its summit, for its steeple will bear the sign of the cross, tlie sign of the unfail- iug truth of God. Within these walls the word that will be preached unto the end of time will be not the word of mail but of God. I may not come in here, to-day, and preach tlie word of man. I may not give you my own word. I may not give yon my own opinions. I am responsible to the church represented here, to the church of God, I ain responsible for every single word that falls from lny lips ; because she will nuvmii. iiia nnlv t.n :i« Iniinr >i.« T preach the truth of Jesus Christ, received from him. What follows from this ? If you were not Catholics, if .you were of any other form of religion, I might try to use whatever powers of persuasion God lias given me to lead you into my opinions and form of belief. I might propound to .you tlie falsest principles of so-called philo sophy, and surround it with such beauty of imagery and language as to make you believe it, and so might exercise over you the greatest tyranny that one man can exercise over another. But you are saved from that. If, on this platform, on this matter, I should utter a single word which the Church of God doth not teacli, 'there is not a man here amongst you who would not say, " Out with him. He is a heretic. He 110 longer teaches the Word of God." I11 the Catholic Church, therefore, you are freed from my persuasiveness and from any powers that I might exercise over you. Now, in the Church's freedom you stand, for he said : " You sliall know the truth, and the truth shall make jmu free." That truth shall resound within these walls, not by our words, but by tlie Word that comes from the mouth of God. God selected as tlie place of his nativity, " the house of bread." — Bethleuien, the house of bread ; aud tlie bread sent down from heaven, which the angels eat, shall he in this house, where that veiy bread shall be broken. " Not by bread alone does every man live, but in every word that cometh from the mouth of God." More than this. The Church will repre- sent to you, even 111 this material form, the sanctity of God. Everything about it speaks to you of Christ and of liim alone. Everything — understand me well. This will be the house of Jesus Christ aud ot him alone. You may see the Virgin Mother painted upon the wall, or stand ing, in the beauty of statuary, within a niche. She will speak to you of liev Divine Son and of him alone. Why is she there ? Because she had the honor of being the Mother of Jesus Christ — the King. You will see the Confessionals in their place ; they will speak to you of him, and liim alone. The priest enters into them in the presence of liis Lord and of liis Master. All tends to one point — that you may be worthy to receive Jesus Christ, The baptismal font in the baptistry will speak to you of him aud him alono. Tlmve you will see' the child of sin, the child of the curse, the inheritor of the fallen nature, submitted to the Sacrament, — the spriuk- 11111/ aI' » fVmr /Ivnno nf w»i I mv oiwl -fliu UWI/U ceiAvi U11.0 words of the Son of God. The child is now the brother of Jesus Christ. Above all, everything in the Catholic Church, from the moment yog cross the threshhold, sub-, serves to firing the thought agd the lghgl and the ej'c to oi\e spot,, and before that one spot Hangs a silvery lamp ; gleaming in its living ffaige, it toaclies that life is there. For it is not death, for life is there. " In liim was life, and the life was the light of man." Every window, every stone, every statue in its niche, eve\y painting 011 tlie wall — all Loom to point to the altar, Ever' face turns to the altar, "so tliat the moment you cross 1 the threshhold of the door, the first thing that will strike you will ho the altar with the golden gates of the tabernacle, and be hind those doors our God, the Lord, the patient, long- suffering, forgiving, omni potent, glorious Lord, all merciful. Again, behind those doors, Jesus Christ will stand and wait for you. Finally, this church which you are about to build, will also proclaim the immortality of the Catholic Church. Mjr friends you may ask yourselves, as you look at these walls to-tlay, " Why are they so solidly built ; why are rocks, of tons in weight put into them ; why in the depth of tlieir foun dation, in the lordly way they are pushing out their buttresses, taking and seizing on the soil as if they were fortresses we build — places of defence for cannon to be mounted upon? I answer, — the Catholic Church cannot afford to build a light, perishable ediliee ; because the Catholic Church, when she builds, builds for all fin»A \1 aI La /loir ixaI- +am n i»aaa« n\Alfl otmiv. bu'utby) xiuo j.uj. cii yccii. uui for twenty years. She sets 110 date over her door, does not put up the day when the church was built; but proclaims, by her solidity, that she was built for over. This has ever been the thought of the Ca tholic Church — the voiceless sermon her marble temples have ever preached in tlie lands more ancient than your own, Cross the seas, taking shipping at any of your ports, and the first land that will meet your eye as you bend your prow towards the East — the rising sun — the first laud that will meet y our eye is the green mound of Erin, as it springs like an emerald out of the western ocean. Put your foot upon that sainted island of Ireland, and, witli reverence kneel aud kiss the sacred soil of the isle which has been for fifteen hundred .years the home and the mother of saints. It is wet with the martyrs' blood ; it is sacred for tlio hero's undying valor ; it is blessed by God with a spirit which no power of earth or hell could ever break. It has been the land whence went forth the missionaries who converted more than half the world. Ask for its history, aud behold the group of the seven churches behold f.lift mine nf flw> tmin/ai-it nli1w»\ro nul mmi-K. teries. The storms of a thousand years have swept over them, tlie snows of fifteen hundred winters have fallen upon them, the fire of the wrath of man has desolated them, every destroying influence has swept over them. And yet they stand, flinging their ruined heads towords lieaven, pro claiming to the world that Ireland's church was immortal aud imperishable ; that men might despoil her, but eoukl never destroy her; because the men who built those churches, those abbeys, raising aloft their venerable towers, built not for time hut. for ever — as you arc building to-day. N 0 thing remains for me hut to encourage you in the glorious work you have begun. Your pastor, my friends, has undertaken a heavy duty, which it is in every laud, and more espeojally in this land of America, because it is a youug laud. Yet, the great virtue is hope in the great time of the future as in the past, It is, I sajr, in this land the principal care, and the wearying anxiety of the priest to have the responsi bility of the debts which" lie incurs in building the temple of God. Fie stands be fore .you a solitary man ; lie has undertaken a building that will cost thousands and thousands. Is the money in his purse ? No ! The Catholic Church to-day, more than for many years, has inherited, iu all its fulness, the prerogative of apostolic poverty, because the nations of the eartli have plundered us of whatever little we have luid. If it is a blessing to be poor, most certainly the Catholic priest of to-day can claim that blessing. Spain, Italv, France, Germany, Sweden, England, all the nations, whatever else tlie.y have ne glected, have not neglected to plunder and to impoverish the Catholic Church and her priesthood. With not a penny in his purse, lie stands beforo you. I give him encou ragement, I give liim the ineffable pro mise which comos as these deep founda tions that bespeak a tabernacle which will he in some degree worthy of the dwelling of God. Ah ! lie laid the foundations, trusting in the future, nut so much in the material soil, as he laid them in his hopes in your charity, in your munificence and zeal towards the building of a house of God. He trusted to your faith, to your hope, to your loyo ; and well he has reason to trust, He has reason to he grateful, and he is grateful for the generosity even of those who are not Catholics, hut who, in this liberal, high-minded, enlightened neighborhood, acting iu a spirit of true liberality, have contributed their means, .»,wi :r. 4/1. . a . __ , 1 w&wj; iuuuuiuuuw\\\ enaoie tlie priest to make lifo work perfect. For they know well l\ow much a beautiful Catholic church contributes to tlio respectability and prosperity of a city, or town, or neigh borhood. They know well that it is " a. thing of bounty and a joy for ever." And, iu tfiefi' artistic zeal, if not from higher motives, they also have contributed to this work ; and to thorn I am bound to express tlio hoavt.feU gratitude of the Catholic pas- toy. Yon, 1113' friends, have contributed from, two motives. First of all, because your faith teaches 3rou that the highest privi lege that God, can confer upon man in this world fs ijo giyo him the honor and glory of building a house lor Jesus Christ the j . 8011 of God. David, the man after God's own heart, was not fouuel worthy to do this, because of his sins. The grace which was denied David lias been conferred upon you, and the Son of God says : " Give me a house, give me a place in the land with you ; in order that I may build a place in heaven for your everlasting glory." You hear more ! The only thing that our Lord complained of, all that he suffered upon earth, was that they refused him a house. They robbed him of his good name ; he com plained not. They tore his garments to tat ters ; he complained not. They scourged him at the pillar ; he complained not. They cruci fied him upon the cross; 110 word of complaint but only a word of prayer for forgiveness, fell from his lips. There was only one thing of which lie complained, when he said ; " The birds have their nests, and tlie loxes liave uieir noies 111 me earm, uill the Son of Man has no where to lay his head." He was refused a house in Beth lehem, in Jerusalem, and even when dead upon the cross, it was the charity of one man that opened another man's grave to let him rest there, even for the three days of his death. The Catholic Church with tenderest love has always endeavoured to wipe out that reproach. Therefore, as Catholics, the priests trust to your zeal. He also trusts to .your zeal, your co operation as Irishmen. What shall I say now ? I will only say this. If jrou care fully study the history of the men whose blood is in your Irish veins, you will find that, amongst the nations of tlie earth, the Irish people were at all times the greatest church builders. In their excessive zeal for the house of God, tliey built them seven in a group. The crosses of their churches cover all Ireland, Eveiy art that arose in architecture they seized upon and em bodied on their native soil in some form of beauty ; until the antiquarian traveller to-day stands oppressed with beauty as he sees the ruins on the llock of Cashel, or the beautiful ruins of Mellifont or Monas- terboiee. Even in the days of Penal Law, of oppression, they still went on, and as soon as one church was destroyed another sprung up ; and when tlie Almighty God lifted oft' from the nation the chains of her slavery; when the mightiest of Ireland's sons, heroic O'Connell, struck with a giant blow the fetters, and they fell from his iiwiflinv'o ovivic fn'of fliinrv 4-1% si O CUJ.11LU, ai I.OU wu«0 UUC X1JOII "people did was to cover the whole land with the most magnificent churches on the face of the earth. That zeal falls to us by tradition ; it is in our nature. We cannot lielp.it. We must do it ; it is our destiny; a glorious destiny. It is one of tlie signs of our national tradition. Hence, iivthc nation's migration to America, with all her faults, with all their defects, every one lirought with him the grand national tra ditional energy which lias covered America with Catholic churches. What they are doing everywhere from the instinct of their national character and tradition you will do here. He saw that which would rise here, who laid the foundations of his church not only in the material soil, but in your faith, in your zeal, and in his trust in your traditional character as Irishmen, and as aTraee. It will never come to pass that a man will remark at home, " See here is a man who began and could not finish." Never, for lie did not found this church upon sand ; he laid liis foundations upon the Rock of the Catholic Church, and the linn rock of Irish love, and Irish fidelity, and the Irish generosity, and Irish spirit and manhood. Upon these has he founded and 110 man will ever point up and say that he ever mistook his men, or laid a false foundation for his people. It may be given to me, my friends, at some speedy future time, not indeed, to tire you as to day, but to come hero and offer up my prayers and thanksgiving in the church which your generosity and your zeal shall construct, and to praise with you the Lord Jesus Christ in this the house of his dwell ing. Thus, then we may look forward with confidence to that hour of our judg ment when the question will be, between 1FA11 .-11-k/l Iiirt it 11/I 111111 ( -villi ! 1« rt ATf/.i -f it l\/-t it.J jUU (.Mill Jllti CbLl.ll V/Lli vu»u, hj. o it tv L/U c Ij _L mitted or excluded from his kingdom ; for surely the God who says " that any who gives a cup of water to any one of these little ones shall receive a reward," and will not refuse liis house in heaven to the zea lous hearts and loving hands who have built him up a beautiful mansion upon the earth for his dwelling. 