WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNI VERSARY, BEECHWORTH. On Monday evening, 17th Novemoer, ine public tea in connection with the above was held and was well patronised, a large number sitting down to enjoy the good cheer provided by the ladies. At about a quarter to eight i.i. .1. «11 irt tllA foi O ciuca. an the usual public meeting, which was at onco opened by singiug the Anniversary Hymn, and prayer being offered by the Rev John Seccombe. Mr John Taylor, one of the school superintendents was then called to the chair, and in introducing tlie business of the evening said that if left to his own modesty he should not be filling that position ; he rather thought the reverend gentleman on his left (Mr Floekart) was to be thanked for the arrangement. He was glad he was permitted to take part in the Nineteenth Anniversary of the School, and God had been kind in allow ing him to be present at seventeen anniver saries. He had a magnificent programme before him, as some of the reverend speakers would say, it naturally divided itself into three parts, 1st, magnificent speaking ; 2nd, mag nificent singing; the 3rd was to be left to them; it was the giving. He would call on the secretary to read the annual report. Mr J. L. BOWEN read then the report, as follows „ ,, " The Nineteenth Annual Report of the Beechworth Wesleyan Sabbath School for the year ending September 30th, 1S73. "In appearing before you on the return. of the anniversary services of this school, it affords the officers, teaohers, and committee much pleasure in presenting their annual report to be able to say, " Hitherto the Lord hath helped us." - " We are pleased to report that the school is still making steady progress, and though wo cannot point to any very great amonnt of good having been accomplished, yet we rejoice to know that several of our scholars have decided to give their hearts to God, and they are to-day found with their names on the hooks of this church, and we desire to give all the praise and glory to Him, without whose aid all our labor would have been in vain. " While we eannot report any additions to our numbers this year as compared with last venr. we are thankful to say that the average attendance remains about the same. Last year's report gave the iollowing numbers : — Male teachers, 15; female, 8; total, 23. Male scholars, 120 ; female, 123 : total, 243 ; and tne average attendance — Male teachers, 12 ; female, 5 : total, 17. Male soholars, 77 ; female, 75 : total, 152. Our present numbers are— Male teachers, 13 ; female, 8 : total, 21\. Male scholars, 98; female, 107: total, 205\. Average attendance — Male teachers, 11 ; female, 6 : total, 17. Male scholars, 74; female, 76: total, 150; thus showing that the average attendance for this year is better than last ; with two less teachers on the roll, the average is the same; and with 38 less soholars, the average is only two lower. During the year 38 male and 50- female soholars have been admitted to the school. " The last report announced the opening of a branch school at Stanley ; this year it is our pleasiDg duty to state that another has been opened at Raid's Creek, and that the efforts put forth there are appreciated; by both parents and scholars, and we have 6very reason to believe that good will result from the establishment of this institution. One pleasing feature in connection with this school is the fact that the teachers all reside iu Beechworth, and, of course, have to travel to their work every Sabbath day, and that they are very regular and punctual in their attendance ; this is a point that deserves our warmest thanks. We are indebted to Mr E. Gannell for our present meeting place, free ; and though not all that could be desired, is the best' that could b,e procured. Steps are about being taken to build ii place, when wo hope to see our school there bettor attended. "No change haB taken place in the management of this school during the year, and no teacher or scholar directly connected with this institution has been removed by. death ; but we have been called to mourn the loss of one who had long been a scholar and teacher in our sohool. The following brief; notice appears in the school journal, June 22nd, 1873 : — 1 Death. — Scarborough ; — On Wednesday, Juue 18th, 1873, , departed this lifo Wm. "Bird Scarborough, aged 24 years. Ho had boon a scholar in the school from iafanoy, had risen to he a teacher, and at the time of his death he bald the position of' superintendent of n branch sohool at Stanluy. IJe wae an earnest worker, a faithful Christian, and we have this hope, that r air Ipsa Is bis eternal gain.' " The library is still much valued by the teaohers and scholars ; 62 volumes have r isen added during the year, at a cost of :£S If i 2d, the library, numbers now about 400 voir Uues of which about 100. ate in constant ci'roula tion, and it is vory gratifying to witness the ir t isrest ditplayod by all in taking out the books. We arc anxiousi to make a further addition, and hope to ha able to do so from your libe rality iu coniiooiion with these services. "At Christmas last the Foreign MiissionB of tho Wesleyan Ohuroh, received a con bribu- u.sLi from the sohool, Tho juvenile offi rrings eoileotod by the scholars, amounted to 1 ill 9s Id. It is hoped that when the time , comes round for repeating this effort, the puranta and friends' will show their sympathy wflh the missionary work, and enconrage the young collectors, in their endeavors to raise a like amount in aid of the Foreign Mission of our '"in "conclusion, we ask for the continued confidence and support of the paronts and friends of the scholars, we seek an interest in vour prayers that the Holy Spirit, without which nothing that is good can be accom plished. may be poured out upon all connected with this institution, that the great design o Sabbath School instruction may be fully an swered in the conversion of many of tne scholars." And ve blest labourers .in this humble sphere, To deeds of saint like charity inclined, AVho from your cells of meditation dear, . Come forth to gird tlie weak untutord mind. Yet ask no payment-save one smile refill d. Of grateful love— one tear of contrite pain. Meekly ye forfeit to your mission kind. The rest of earthly Sabbath— he your rest, _ A Sabbath without end mid yon celestial plain. Singing : " F.esting By and By." The Rev-B. W. CAMPBELL, said he had some advice to give. First, to parents. He wnnld sav 1st. keep at home those children who had not acquired the power of speech. 2nd, try to persuade or force those who are capable of receiving' instruction to attend the Sunday; Scfiool. Parents did not properly second the efforts of the teachers. He had seen young children sent to the school who conld hardly speak or hear. He knew they were not sent for instruction, but parents seemed to think it very hard: if for a part of the Sabbath they could hot get the children out of the way while they enjoyed their after noon nap. Was it reasonable to expect the Christian laborer to give up his own time to take care of a number of children who were still in the realms of babyhood? Another evil was allowing those who were 12 or 14 years old to absent themselves from school. He believed the father who had not influence and control enough to induce children of that age to attend school ought to be ashamed of himself. It frequently happened that when children had not attended school for a time they disappeared into the streets. There was failure, but it was not in the efficiency of Sabbath School teaching, it was the want of parental' control at home, and without this control it was useless for the Sunday school teacher to think of accomplishing much. Secondly, he had some advice forthe teachers. They commenced very low down, they had the morning of life to work in, and this was a very different matter from working on those who had a fixed habit of thought and life. The teacher had to instruct minds as yet un furnished and just opening to. receive4 facts. If one offered advice to a person oU or ou ; years old it was like " pouring water on a duck's back," but if ihey could plant a right thought in the mind of a child it would pro- bably germinate and abide there for life. The experiences of childhood were influen cing them to-night ; the nursery tale and ghost story had their influence. He had known men who wore afraid to' pifss a ceme tery at night owing io the pernicious opera tion of early training. If instead of cram ming the mind with superstitions ideas tuey could place simple God-given truths there, it would be like casting seed into virgin soil, it would produce an abundant harvest. The\ would not see all the result of their labor at once, for it was peculiarly the province of the Sabbath School teacher to " cast their bread upon the waters " to be " seen after many days." Many who were converted late in lifo acknowledged that Sunday School expe riences never left them, that in the wildest moments of excitement Sunday School teach ings were still nestling- in their heart. The grand object of all who enguged in Sunday School work was or shouid be the conversion of the- children. It was necessary to give Biblical instruction, but they ought always to have before tlieni as the goal at which they were aiming, the conversion of the scholars. There was abundant evidence that there were few children who were not in a position to be seriously impressed. He believed there were grand deep serious thoughts wel ling np in the mind of a child, about God, the world, and the God-man himself. In imagi nation they seemed to run to the centre oi the Universe itself, and there see rank after rank of shining ones standing round the great white throne of the Eternal. Children seemed easily to understand unseen things. He al most envied the tact and success of those who had power to enchain the attention of their class, and take hol'd of the youthful miud,_ he could give almost anything for a similar power. Another thing, while he would always urge the necessity of seeking the conversion of the children, he would further say, let them make Methodists of them. He would not depreciate other churches, nor, did ho say tbis to Episcopalian or Presbyterian parents, but he understood he was addressing those who were Methodists heart and soul, and they should see to it that they gave their children an intelligent idea of the working of Metho dism, and fastened an attachment to their church. Then make them the right kind of of Methodists, not dancing, theatre-going, card-playiug, or song-sing. Methodists — for there was no class established as yet in which such could be placed.. It was possible that as they went on modernising the church the time might ccm'e when Methodism would recognise these, that if it ever did come, then the glory would depart. Ichabod would be written on the doors of their temples. When the flood of worldly amusements was allowed to flow into the church, then the Holy Spirit would withdraw and the life would depart from the church. Singing : " The Prodigal's return." The Rev B. BUTCHERS, B.A., said he intended to speak of " Moral Husbandry." Land was not the only thing cultivated, nor wheat and vegetables the only things produced by cultivation. There was a striking analogy between the moral and material worlds. When Adam opened his eyes in Eden, the two things which would first attract his notice were the firmament .above and the green earth beneath. It was the same now. The .-ky, with its changing aspect, its glittering stars, silver moon, or unclouded vault, so etn- blamatic of peace, seems to suggest the idea of power outside ourselves. We may stand and curse the sun, but his rays will still wither every green herb. The snow, in spite of our efforts, will cover the crops with its fleeoy mantle. God teaches man a lesson he is very slow to learn — that, we are dependent upon him for the conditions of prosperity and success. But from the earth beneath us- he teaches self-reliance. Land when first taken-, up is useless ; the timber has to be cleared, the land ploughed and sown, before it is- of any value. Above the material firmameut is a spiritual firmament,- whence come pro mises of life and immortality. Within us there is soil where Godlike thoughts may be cnltivated. Some people seem never to rise above- the material and physical, and to have no ambition above this. Let them look at man's difficulty and man's; triumphs. " Hus bandry" is suggestive o£ difficulty ; no fop can make- a good farmer:; panniers, flounces,, and chignons; are out of pj lace in a dairy. The laud must be wrestled vrith and overcome. Labor- was the purchase l noney of all things, for the earth was no " f ool's paradise."- . In every pursuit there wa s difficulty on all hands.- In man there v rere evil passions to be subdued ; these were like giant trees whose 'roots went down Into our very nature ; they must be rooted up and bm med, that -on their ashes the wheat may groi v. Land must not only be cultivated, it inns- 1 also be fenced and watched, for birds and cat! le had loose moral ideas, and stole the crop oi fruit yvithout com punction. Many a good si >ed bad been stolen and noxious- weeds sown i n its place, while the husbandman slept. A man sometimes employed slander to damaj ;e the prospects and blast the name of a sue cessful competitor. He who would oveecomis those difficulties must put his trust in the a verruling of Provi- videnae, and exercise patie nee, rueeiiuess, aud fortitude. " Husbandry" was also suggestive of triumphs. In every department of nature man had established hii s suprema-w. The sea may sever land from land, but man has made the steamboat cle ave the waves and unite those lands ; he ban made the lightning talk, and iron swim. Tho axe will fell the mightiest tree, aud clear the thickest scrub ; the plough and barro-v trill make the hardest soil lit for cultivation. So every one ha? absolute dominion over his o.vn body and sonl, to exalt it to heaven or debase it to hell ; power either to use or ubnse. Wbat a trust is this 1 Wh.it a field for cultivation is there hero ! This cultivation is difficult, but i; |s fruitfnl in returns. It is said that one ear of wheat will in two years produce corn enough to »« »»? word or action cannot developed, were qualities in every one tc > 1 be de P > d thetrnest heroes were nMhoeeo:B battlefield, but of home. migllt w0 all missionary influence a 6 accomplish "T'L cS« » »a»- much good. xm»ii as men and women, enceon the wdrld as w , one Suhe Mtonished I at rl"sX tat in old age ». .»« »!»»« ,,oot. Some « dii S? n it' ISt anil y. He tbtagM j ttat s the ckidren of others are. It only a Quarter of an hour per day were devoted to this thev would not have so gr a „ to complain. Ho could neeer iotgm the nravers of his own parents. He wou entreat them to give earnestness to the work of saving their children while childi en, they would then be the joy of their heart, and the crown of their rejoicing. Let them look bac to the homes of their own children, as their minds turned to the past they would think of their parents, and of the Sabbath school. Those who are now scholars, and learning ioro £ teachers as they themselves did he would take up the words of yesterday after noon's text, " Remember now thy creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not nor the years draw nigh when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure m &em.; They wanted to save the children from those »eril days." Carlyle would banish poetry and force men to speak in prose— that would never be; men singpf. their joys and sorrows in poetrv. Byron, fiood, and Edgar A. Foe were quoted as to -their experience, of the " evil days." Those days', had not yet come for the children of their schools, and tliey might be saved trom tnem uy The charming boy might become a drunkard with shattered frame and debased counte nance. The lovely girl might become a poor outcast, "glad to be hurled anywhere, any where out of the world." The evil days then eame'to them. He would call on the parents when they folded their little ones in their arms to offer a prayer, for tbeir salvation. To the teachers he would say, remember the children in vour prayers. On his fedow pastors he would urge the importance of setting to work to save the children. Singing Give." _ Votes of thanks to the ladies, ministers who had assisted at the anniversary, and choir and chairman, were spoken to by the Bey. R. 0. Floekart, Mr Donald Fletehet, Rev. G. Schofield, Rev. W. Williams and Mr R. "Warren. The meeting was then duly closed. It was noticeable- that the attention of the audience was retained to tlie very close. The meeting was a thoroughly good one, and was much enlivened by the very excellent singing of the school children,' who had been well trained by Mr J. P. Dalton, Mr W. Dalton, and the members of the choir. 