To the Bitter End. BY MISS BRADDON. Richard Redmayne seemed quite indifferent to Sir Francis Clevedon and his affairs. He left the kitchen, and roamed through the old house, unlocking the doors of the room, which had been kept carefully locked in his absence, and going into one after another, only to stand for a little while looking round him, with a slow half-wondering gaze, as if he could hardly, be- lieve he had ever lived there. The rooms were all faultlessly clean, but had a damp chilly at- mosphere, and a certain dreariness of aspect, as if they had been thus shut and thus disused for the last fifty years. If Richard Redmayne had been a believer in ghosts, he might almost have expected to see one in those dusky cham- bers, where the half-opened shutters let in the afternoon light grudgingly, leaving obscure corners where a ghost might lurk. But for Rick Redmayne there was only one shadow, and that was with him always. He had lived and been happy in those rooms once upon a time. His thoughts went back to the days of his early manhood, before his wife's death, to pleasant peaceful days, when his worst care had been a doubtful harvest or sick- ness among his cattle, and from that quiet time they went to the summer afternoon on which his young wife left him smoking his pipe in the garden, left him with a light word and a loving smile, a little look back at him which he remembered to this hour, and thus left him for ever. Bitter memories ! Can any life into which death has once entered ever again be perfectly happy ? Rick Redmayne had outlived the sharpness of his grief, but not the grief itself. Ten years after that day of horror, with his fair daughter by his side, loving her with all the force of his strong heart, the recollection of that loss was as fresh in his mind as it had been in the first week of bereavement. And now that Grace was gone, he forgot the tran- quil years that had intervened between those two great sorrows. It seemed to him rather as if an angry Deity with one sweep of his hand had left him desolate, robbed him of all hope and comfort. If he had any virtue, it was that of Job. He did not curse God, and die. He lived : but he lived to cherish a purpose which perhaps was worse than the suicide's desperate sin. He lived on in the hope that fate would give his child's false lover into his hands—a vague blind hope at the best, but strong enough to keep him alive. Sorely had he changed since that day when, dashed a little by misfortune, but still daring and hopeful, he had asked the indulgence of his creditors before he sailed across the world to redeem his fortunes. In mind and body the man was alike altered ; moody where he had been social—doubtful and suspicious where he had been open and trusting as a child—brood- ing alone over his injuries, angry with the very world for having held such a traitor, re- bellious against his God for having permitted such a wrong. In his outward aspect even the change was striking. It was not so much that his dark brown hair was streaked with irongray, that there were deeper lines than his actual years would have warranted upon the hand- some rugged face. The change of expression was a greater change than this. The face had hardened, the eyes and mouth had grown cruel. At its best now the expression was at once gloomy and reckless ! at its best the face of Richard Red- mayne was the face of a man to be feared. He came back to his old home, but not to his old habits, or his old friends. The friends had fallen away from him long ago, chilled and re- pelled by a change so obvious. Of the details of that sorrow which had changed him, the outer world, his small world, knew very little. People in Kingsbury knew that Grace Red- mayne had gone away from home, and had died away from home, but when and where she had died, had been told to none. This very silence was in itself mysterious, and to the minds of most people implied disgrace—some sad and shameful story which the girl's kindred kept hidden in their own hearts. ——— CHAPTER XXVIII. " BUT O, THE HEAVY CHANGE THOU ART GONE !" Richard Redmayne sat in the old rooms, and paced the old garden, or Lay smoking his pipe on the grass under the cedar day after day, and made no attempt to occupy himself, physi- cally or mentally, but let the days drag them- selves out how they would. They were very slow to pass, yet so empty, that when gone they seemed to have travelled swiftly, like the days in a workhouse or a jail, where there is no greater event to mark the passage of time than the monotonously recurring hours for meals. He shrank from being seen in his old haunts, and from being greeted by his old companions. If he had himself committed some unpardon- able crime against society, he could hardly have avoided his fellow-men more persistently than he now avoided all the friends of his youth and manhood. He rarely went beyond his own garden and orchard in the day-time ; but at night sometimes, when the rover's restlessness was strong upon him, he would set out long after dark, walk fifteen miles, or so, across the country, in a reckless mood which took no heed of distance or direction, and come back to Brierwood in the dewy dawn, worn out and hag- gard. " I try to walk the devil down, you see, Mrs. Bush," he said to his housekeeper, on return- ing from one of these rambles, a speech which filled the honest woman with consternation. " There's something unked about Richard Redmayne," she told her husband. " I don't think he's ever been quite right in his head poor soul, since he lost his daughter." He was in England, and he had to come back to find his child's destroyer, yet he did so little. He went up to Mr. Smoothey's office, made an appointment with Mr. Kendel, the private inquirer, and offered that gentleman any terms he chose to demand if he would only find the man who had called himself " Walgry" on one occasion, and " Walsh" on another. He pressed the business with such a feverish eagerness, that Mr Kendel, who did not by any means see his way to making the required dis- covery, affected a kind of hopefullness for very charity. " It is, rather a difficult matter," he said. " You see, I have positively no clue. The man takes a furnished house at Highgate, gives it up, pays every inch in cash, no cheques or any- thing of that kind, and vanishes. I have no photograph of the man, no knowledge of his surroundings, antecedents, anything ; and yet you ask me to pick him out from the entire population of this city, supposing him to be an inhabitant of this city, which we are by no means sure he is." ====================================== BREAKFAST—EPPS' COCOA.—GRATEFUL AND COMFORT- ING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa, Mr. Epps his provided our breakfast table with a delic- ately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills.'—Civil Service Gazette. Made simply with boiling water or milk. Each packet is labelled—" James Epps and Co., Homœpathic Chemists, London. Homcecpatl- ic Oocoa.— This original preparation, rch'.vV. : is r.UaSccd cucli r wr..Myidf floatation, In ms-.r.r.^c-.urc-j b- TiYLOi lir.iWBtr.*, aruJertln ablest htn-.iaopi'.hio idric?, t'dci '?- (.lit tk'V pni oip- ?? 'cce of tho iuve^trrs, ani* will Lc .anno1 \ --ooibiU'j r- :-.n nruino'jt degree iho purUy, (inf jjTouia. and nst.-itiorii propc-ify of the fresh nut. 