TENNYSON'S LAST WORK.* [Fibbt Aeticlh.] ; 'G-abeih and Lynette,' and 'The LastTournauient' — the two Idyls which form the contents of the Laureate's last work — will complete, it may be pre sumed, the series of Arthurian romances with which he has, from time to time, delighted the lovers of English verse. It was a peculiar legendary field for a poet of Mr. Tennyson's powersto choose, ? but it was one that probably no one else would have ventured upon. It may be questioned, however, whether his fame will not rest as much upon some of his more beautiful fugitive pieces as upon these more elaborate Idyls. The volume before us bears no less evidence of painstaking care and abundant re vision than its predecessors, and we can well believe a statement that appeared somewhile ago in print to the effect that Mr. Tennyson sometimes has the proof Bheets of a new poem in his study for twelve months before issuing. A note at the commencement informs lis that, of the two Idyls contained in the volume, ' Gareth and Lynette': is intended to follow the previously pub lished ' Coming of Arthur,' while ' The Last Tournament' is designed to im mediately precede ' Guinevere,' the beautiful poem , which concludes the ' Idyls of the King;' Of the two now under, notice, we incline to, give the preference to the first, ' Gareth and Lynette,' although the opening lines are not calculated to impress the general reader. Gareth, ' the last, tall son' and tallest, of King Lot and Queen Bellicent, stands watching a swollen stream in a, 'show- erful spring,' and sees a slender-shafted pine ' carried awav by the current. Gareth compares the fallen pine to the overthrow of a false knight or king , before a trusty lance, and then -proceeds to bewail that he is not permitted to join in joust and tourney. 'I,' says lie, ' that r ,: ' :? ? Have ! strength and wit, in my good mother's ? bull ' Linger with vacilluting obedience, Prison'd, and kept and coax'd nnd whistled to— Since the good mother holds mo still a child Good mother is bud mother unto me ! A worse were better ; yet no worse would I. He calls upon Heaven to/aid' him to 'weary her ears with one continuous prayer,' until she lets him fly In ever-highering eagle-circles up To'the great sun of glory. ;' . ? ' . Then he relates how, when G-awain and Modred had paid his home a, visit, the former, tilted with him, and acknow ledged that he (Gareth) had halfpre vailed against him, the 'proven knight.' He lays seige to his mother in parables and positive requests. Bellicent prays him to. have pity on her loneliness, aud points to where his father Lot— who had taken sides against King Arthur in the Barons' war — but had had his terri tory restored to him — 'lies a log' beside the hearth, 'and all but smould ered out,' — A yet-warm corpse, and yet unburiable. She points to his two brothers then at Arthur's court ; pours out her soul-love for the wayward boy in touching accents; prays him to stay at home and follow the deer ; offers to .find him Bome ' comfortable bride and fair' ; and winds up pathetically- — . Stay, my best son ! ye are yet more boy than man. Gareth waxes indignant, and ends a pas sionate appeal by saying — — — 0 Mother, ... . How can ye keep me tetlier'd to you— Shame ! Man am I grown, and man's work must I do. Follow the deer ? follow tho Christ, tho King, Live pure, speak truoj right wrong,. follow the King,— Else, wherefore' born ? Touched by his importunities, aud seeing how earnestly the lad's soul is fired with the thirst for martial glory, and the proud honor of being one'of Arthur's knights, Bellicent demands a proof of his love: for her, and he impetuously solicits that she shall prove him to the quick. The mother, - speaking with measured tones, thus unfolds to him the test she demands — Prince, thou shalt go disguised to .Arthur's' hall And hire thyself to serve for. meats and drinks Among tho scullions and tho kitchen knaves, And those that hand tho dish across the bar. \- Nor shalt thou tell thy namo to any one. And thou shalt serve, a twelvemonth and a day. The Queen hoped that Gareth's pride would revolt from so irksome, a pledge, so menial a condition ; but not a bit of it. He did not hesitate long, and though his mother still hoped he would not go, he was off as soon as , , ? wakened by the wind which with full voice Swept bellowing . through tho darkness on to-' d»wn,\; ? accompanied by two followers who ' had tended on him since his birth.' They ' bent their . way southward, towards the; royal mount of Camelot, and as they approached it, the ' silver misty morn ' now disclosed the fair city at its summit, and now hid it from view. Gareth's attendants became affrighted, and wanted \- to go back, not caring to go nearer ' a city of enchanters, built by fairy kings.' Gareth only laughed at them, and pressed on to the city gate, the beauty of which so enchanted them, that they stood gazing on it till the sculptured figures seemed to move, and while they stood — Out of the city a blast of musio pealod. Back from the gate started tho threo, to whom From out thereundor came an nncient man, Long bearded, saying, ' Who bo yo, my eon9 ?' Gareth replied that they were ' tillers of the soil,' who had left the plough share to come and see the king's glories j whereupon the old man reads him a * ' Qareth and Lynette',' tj-o., by Aimed , Tennxbon, D.C.L., Poet Laureato. . Stralian | Co., 56 Ludgato Hill, London, lecture, and ; whon_ Gareth angrily re torts, the ancient tells him that he is not what he seemeth,— . - . . . — —I know thee, who thou art. And now thou goest up to. mock the King, '( Who cannot brook the shadow of anylio. Gareth declares to his companions that his ' white lie sits like a little ghost' upon the threshold of their enterprise, but the trio push on towards Arthur's hall through the city of Camelot, which is thus beautifully described— - Camelot, a city of shadowy palaces And stately, rich in emblem and the work Of ancient kings who did their days in stone j Which Merlin's hand, the Mage at Arthur's court, Knowing all arts, had toucli'd, and everywhere At Arthur's ordinance, tipt with lessening peak And pinnaolo, and had mado it spire to heaven. And over and anon a knight wonldpass Outward, or, inward to tho hall : his arms Clush'd j and the sound was good to Gareth's ear. And out of bower and casement shyly glanced Eyes of pure wonien, wholesome stars of lovo ; , And all about a healthful people stept As in the presence of a gracious king. Gareth,, when he enters the presence - 'chamber of the good king, has some mis givings whether he will not be punished for the ' half-shadow of a lie,' in repre seiitinghimself and followers as peasants, ;but the scene enchants him, graced: as it' is with the lordly attendance of so . many noble Knights. Then thero comes into the regal presence a widow trying for : justice. . TJthei', the king's father, had reft from her '? dead lord a field with' violence,' . and Arthur gives her back her field, and ' thrico the gold for Tiber's: use thereof, according to the years.' Another . widow comes, avowing herself, tlio .King's enemy, he having slain her dead lord in ' the Barons' wai\' Her husband's brother, had ' starved her son to death in his castle, and had seized the inheritance, ami her request was that some knight should' do battle for her, ' kill the foul thief, and wreak me for my son.' Sir Kay, the seneschal, who seems to have been a splenetic sort of character, objects when a stalwart knight, her kinsman, oilers' his services, but Arthur majestically ? silences both woman and seneschal, and bids the volunteer knight bring the offender before him, when, if he be proven guilty, — — by that deathless King ? Who lived and died for men, the man shall die Neit appears upon the scene a mes I seuger 'from Mark— the Cornish king ' — a name, of evil savour in the land.' The envoy presented, by way of propi- . tiation, a ' cloth- of palest gold,' and announced that ' his lord, the vassal king' was on his. way to. Camelot to pay his homage, Arthur having made Tristram, his goodly cousin, knight. The good king was perturbed'; he tries to rencl the cloth of ' gold and cast it on tho hearth, and asks if the shield of Marie shall ever stand amongst his worthies, alluding to a . custom . thus described:— For, midway down tho sido of that long hall A statoly pilo,— whereof along tlio front, Some blazon'd, some but carven, and somo blank, There ran a treble range of stony shields, — Rose, and high-arching ovcrbrow'd tho hearth. And under every sliiold a knight was named : For tliia was Arthur's custom in his hall ; When some good kuight had dono ono noble deed, ? His arms were carven only j but if twain His arms were blnzon'd also; but if nono The shield was blank and bare without a sign Saving the name beneath. Arthur orders the cloth of gold to be rent, and bids the messenger go back and meet Mark, and hide him from his eyes, for ' ? ? Mark hath tarnished tho groat namo of king, ' As Mark would sully the low state of churl. The king hints that, if the obnoxious visitor comes he may be lapped up ' in cloth of lead, silenced for ever.' The suppliants for redress were many, and 'evermore a knight; would ride away,' but it came to Gareth's turn at last. Leaning heavily on his attendants, as though weary and footsore with travel, he ' approaches the king, and craves as a boon that he will grant him to serve for meat and drink amongst his 'kitchen knaves a twelvemonth and a day,' nor seek his name. -The king, though deeming such a goodly youth worthy a goodlier boon, grants tho re quest, and turns him over to the master ship of Kay, the seneschal, who is de scribed as . Wan- sallow as the' plant thai feole itsolf Root-bitten by the lichen. The seneschal does not seem at all in clined to ' treat our hero gently; hints that ho has ' broken' from some abbey' where he 'had. not beef and brewis enow ' (queer abbey that'!),. but Lance- ' 'lot,- the kiiig's chief knight, speaks graciously of and to the disguised youth. . . So Gareth all for glory .underwent I The sooty yoke of kitchen vnssulago ; Ate with young lads'his portion by. the door, , . And couch'd at night with grimy kitcheu kniivos.' ' .. , Kay strove his best to make the young., fellow's heart break down by putting ; tho heaviest tnsks upon him, but Gareth'; 'wrought, all kinds of service }vith a noble ease.' He became a hero, amongst his fellow-thralls ; was chiefest in all athletic games' ; ? and held the old senes chal in perfect contempt. So far a month he wrought among the thralls ; But in the weeks that followod, tho good Queen, Repentant of tho word she mado him swoar And saddening in her childless castlo, sent, . Between the increscent and decrescent moon, ;. Anna for her son, and loosed hiui from his vow. Of course Gareth: was in the' seventh heaven of bliss. He sought out the King, and besought that he should receive him as a nameless knight. - . . Lot be my namo until I make my name. The good King tells him that his mother , had. betrayed his Becret to him (Arthur) ; speaks to him kindly ; grants him liis knighthood ; but, calls Lancelot privily to him and says— I havo givon him' tho first quest : he is not proven. - . Look thorefore when ho calls for this in hall. Thou got to horse and follow him far away. Cover the lions on thy shield, and seo ? Far as thou mayost, ho be nor ta'en nor slain. ?' Gareth had an opportunity on the same day of preferring his first quest, .'but wo cannot follow his adventures further at present. 