FARMING AS AN" ENTERPRISE. (Bt the~xate Horace Greeley.) I had.sped across Europe to Yeuice, and' noted, -with interest,.the admirable effective! irrigation, of the great plain of Lombardy before I could call any land my: oivn. . j j . "When 1 traversed Lom bard}- in ,1 uly, 1851; the beds of streams, ; naturally as large as the Pemigewasset, Battenkill. Canada Creek, or Humboldt, were utterly dry ; the water which would' naturally have flowed theran being wholly .transferred to an irrigating canal (or to canals), often two or three miles distant. The" reservoirs thus created were filled in spring, when the streams were fullest and their water richest, and gradually drawn upon throughout the latter growing season to/coyer the.'carefully- levelled and graded fields .on either sade, to the depth of an inch or two at a time. Tf any failed to be soon absorbed by the soil, it was drawn off as here superfluous, and added to' the current employed to moisten and fertilise the field next below it; and so field after field' was refreshed and enriched ' W the husbandman's satisfaction andprofit. Why should not our Atlantic slope have I its Lombardy ? Utah, Nevada, and Cali fornia exhibit raw, crude suggestions of I such a system: but why should the irriga tion of the New World be confined°to regions where it is. indispensable when that of the Old is not? I know no good reason whatever for leaving an American field unirrigated where water to flow it at- will can he had at moderate cost. When I first bought land (1853) I fully purposed to provide for irrigating my nearly level acres at will, and J constructed two dams across my upland stream with that view - but they were so badly planned that they went off in the flood, caused by a tre mendoos rain the next spring. . . My next attempt was on- a much humbler scale, and I engineered it myself. Toward the north end of my farm, the hillside, which rises east of my lowland, is broken by a swale or terrace, which gives me three or four acres of tolerably level upland, along the upper edge of which five or six springs, which never wholly fail, hurst from the rock above, and unite to ibrm a pretty runnel, which dries up in very hot or dry weather, hut which usually pre served a tiny stream, to be lost in the swamp below. North of the gully cut; down the lower hillside by this streamlet, ! the hillside, of some three acres, is quite steep, still partially wooded, and- wholly devoted to pasturage. Making a petty dam against this runnel at the top of the lower acclivity, I turned,the stream aside, so that it should henceforth ran along the crest of this lower hill, falling off gradually so as to secure a free current, and losing its contents at intervals through variable depressions in its lower bank. Dam and artificial watercourses, together, cost me 90 dollars, which was about twice what it should have been. That rude and petty contrivance has now been 10 years in operation, and may have cost five dollars per annum for oversight and repairs. Its effect has been to donble the grass grown on the two acres it constantly irrigates, for which I paid 280 dollars, or more than thrice the cost of my irrigation. But more: my hillside, while it was well grassed in spring, always gave out the first diy or hot week; so that when I most needed feed, it afforded none, its herbage being parched up and dead, and thus remaining till refreshed by generous i rains. I judge, therefore, that my irriga has more than doubled the product of those two. acres, and that these are likely to lose nothing in yield or value so long as that petty irrigatiog ditch shall be main tained. I know this is small business. But suppose each of the 100,000 New England farms, whereof 5 to 10 acres might he thus irrigated at a cost not exceeding 100 dollars per farm had been similarly prepared to flow those acres last spring and early summer, with an average increase therefrom, of barely 1 ton; of hay (or its equivalent - in pasturage per acre). The 500,000 tons of hay thus realised would have .saved.200,000 head of cattle from being sent to the butcher while too thin for good beef while every one of them was required for further use, and will have to be replaced at a heavy cost. Shall not these things be considered ? Shall not all who can do so at moderate cost resolve to test on their own farms the advantages and benefits that may be' secured by irrisa tion 1 : I first farmed for myself in 1845, on a plot of 8 acres, in what was then the open country skirting the East River, nearly abreast the lower point of Blackwell's Is land, near Fiftieth-street, on a little inden tation of the shore known as Turtle Bay. None of the avenues east of Third were then opened above Thirtieth-street, and the neighbourhood, though now perforated by streets and covered with houses, was as rural and secluded as heart conld wish for. One _ fine spring morning • a neighbour called and offered to plough for 5 dollars my acre of tallage not cut up by rows of , box and other wood, and I told him to go !. ahead. I came home next evening just as he was finishing the job. which I contem plated most ruefully. ■ His plough was a I pocket edition; his team, a single horse his furrows, at most, 5 inches deep. I paid him, hut told him plainly thatl would rather have given the money for nothing. He insisted that he had ploughed for me as he ploughed for others all around me. ' "I will tell you," I rejoined, "exactly how this will work. Throughout the spring and early summer we shall have frequent rams and moderate heat; thus fariny crops will do well. But then wfll come hot weeks, with little or no rain; and they will dry up this shallow soil and everything planted- thereon." -The result /signally justified my, prediction, we had frequent rajns .and cloudy, mild.weather to. July 1 i when. the. clouds vanished, the sun came out intensely hot, and we had scarcely a ' spnnlde till September 1, by which time my corn and potatoes had about given ud ! the ghost. Like the . seed which fell on I stony ground in the parable of the sower that which I had planted had withered! away because "there was no root;" and my prospect for a harvest was utterly blighted, where with 12 inches of loose fertile, well pulverised earth at then- roots my crops would have been at least res pectable. When I became once more a farmer m a. small way on my present place, I had not forgotten the lesson, and I tried to have ploughed deeply and thoroughly so much land as I had ploughed at all My first summer here (1853) was a very dry one, and crops failed in conseqnence around me and all over the country- yet mine wer€ at least fair, and I was largely indebted for them to relatively deep ploughing. I have since suffered from frost (on my low land), from the rotting of seed tin the ground, from the ravages of insects, &c.;, but never by drouth, and I am entirely confident that deep ploughing has done me excellent service. My only trou ble has been to get it done, for there are apt to be reasons (haste, lateness in the season, &c.;) for ploughing shallowy for just this time," -with wilful intent to do henceforth better. -1 have two bits of warm gravelly hillside, which bountifully yield corn, wheat, and oats, but which are ad dicted to washing. I presume one of these bits, at the south-east corner of my farm has been ploughed and planted not less than 100 times, and that at least half the fertilizers applied to it have washed into the brook, and hence.into the Hudson. To say that 1000 dollars have been squandered on that patch of ground would be to keep far within the truth. And, along with the fertilizers, a large portion of the finer and better elements of the original soil have thus been swept into the brook and lavished upon the water'of our bay. But since I had those lots thoroughly subsoiled, all the water that falls upon them when in tillage sinks into the soil, and remains there until drained away by filtration or evaporation; and I never saw a particle of soil washed rom either save once, when a thaw of 1 or r on *ne surface, leaving the gronnd solidly frozen beneath, being quickily fol h^k5lD (-^v.Urjng raia> washed away a few v _ e loosened and soddened snr wNichPth°™? ** the law by virtue of which these fields were formerly d^nded while in cultivation is still active; anS°W deep ploughing is an effective and all W unfailing antidote for the evil it tefids to .excite.. J. have used guano frequently, and,1 though it" has generally made its mark. I never yet felt sure that it returned me a profit over its cost. Phosphates have done better, especially where applied to corn on the hill, either at the time of, planting or; later; yet my strong impression is that flour of bone, applied broadcast and freely, espe-! cially when wheat or oats are sown on a' field that is to be laid down to grass, pays better and more surely than anything else I order from the city, gypsum and possibly' oyster- shell lime excepted. : My experience can be no safe guide for, others, since it is not proved that the an terior needs of their soils are precisely, like those of mine. Ten or twelve years ago I bought a pound or more of locust seed, rather late in the spring, scalded it by plunging for a moment the little cotton bag which held, it into a pot* of boiling water, and letting the seed steap and steam in the bag till next morning,; when the seed .was planted in rows in a newly broken bit of poor old pasture land. This was a 'mistake; I should have given that seed the richest available spot.in my garden, to say nothing of planting it as early as April 20. My locusts came up slowly andgrew feebly that year,, not to speak of the many seeds that did not sprout at all. Still many came up and survived, and my place is this day the richer for them. My upland has graveUy rocky "soil, not natural to. grass, and had heen pastured to death for at least a century, before I bought it; yet it has yielded me an average of not less than ' 21 ton s to the acre, for the last 16 years, and will not yield les3 while I am allowed to farm it. My lowland (bog when I bought it) is bound henceforth to yield more : but, while imperfectly or not at all drained, it was of course a poor reliance—yielding bounteously in spots, in others little or nothing. In nothing else is shiftless, slovenly farming so apt to betray itself as in the culture of grass.. Fifty years ago I judge that the greater part of the hay made in New England was cut from sour boggy land, that, was devoted to grass simply because nothing else could be done with it. I'have helped to carry the crop off on poles from'considerable tracks on which oxen could not venture without miring. It were superfluous to add, that no well- bred animal would eat such stuff, unless the choice were between it and absolute star vation. In my boyhood I hoed Indian corn diligently for weeks at a time, drawing the earth from between-the rows up about the stalks to a depth of three or four inches; thus forming hills which the West has since taught me to be of no use, hut ..rather a detriment, embarrassing the efforts of the growing hungry plants to throw out their roots extensively in every direction, and subjecting them to needless* injury from drought. I am thoroughly convinced that corn properly planted, will, like wheat and all other grains, root itself just deep enough in the ground, and that to keep down all weeds, and leave the surface of the corn-field optn, mellow, and perfectly flat, is the best as well as the cheapest way to cultivate corn. I have been, having much ploughing done this fall in my orchards, for what I presume to be the good of the trees on my drained swamp, because it is not yet fully subdued and sweetened, and I judge that the winter's freezing and thawing will aid to bring it into condition, And then my swamp lies so low and absolutely flat, that the thaws and rains of spring render ploughing it in season for oats, or any other crop that re quires early seeding, a matter ot doubt and difficulty. All the land I now cultivate, or seek to cultivate, has already been well ploughed more than once; no stump or stone impedes progress in the tracts I have ploughed this fall; yet a good plough, drawn by two strong yoke of oxen, rarely breaks up half an acre per day; and I estimate two acres per week about what has been averaged, at a cost of 18 dollars for the ploughman and driver; offsetting the oxen's labour against the work done by the men at the barn and elsewhere apart from ploughing. In other words, I am confident that my ploughing has cost me from first to last at least 10 dollars per acre, and wonld have cost still more if it had been done as thoroughly as it ought. I am quite aware that this is high—that sandy soils and dry loams are ploughed much cheaper; and that farmers who plough well (with whom I do not rank those who scratch the earth to a'depth of four or five inches) do it'at a much lower rate. Still,.! estiniafe the average,cost, in this country of ploughing land, 'twelve inches'deep at 5- dollars per: acre; 'and ..I ain confident that it does not cost one "cent less. , V . 