LATTER DAY ORACLES. We briefly referred yesterday to the lecture delivered by the Rev. T. F. Bird at the Odd fellows' Hall, Beecbwortb, on Thursday evening, a discourse which, as we have said, we consider to have been in many respects unequalled in these " latter days,"" in Beecb wortb. M. F. Brown occupied the chair, and the Rev. T. Laver was also on the plat form. We had intended to give an abstract of the lecture, bat it now seems to ns that a better course will be to publish, with a slight sketoli of the line of thought embodied, a few literal quotations from a most able and eloquent de'iverance. The prologue of the lecture, if we may so call a prose, and yet a poetical essay, was, to our minds, the result of the assimimation of much that Professor Max Miiller, taught for years in bis various papers on Comparative Philology and Mytho logy. It began " In the youth of the world the vatcs of men were vocal, and spoke from grove and chasm, and temple, in tones fortune or of doom. The poetry of that earlier age was tho perception in all forces and all forms, and a faith in the personality of those elements that roll, voiceless, round our science-deafened ears. It was the self- infusion of genius, which is the noblest manhood, into the channelled mazes of the outer world. It was the triumph of sympathy with tho creation of God." The lecturer pro ceeded through n graceful exposition of the old myths — in which we have not space to follow him (not for want of will, but want of space,)— to show how the mythologies of the ancients were due to their attributing, in the childhood of the race, personal attributes to the mighty forces of nature, hearing the voices of the Naiads in the rippling brook, or fast-rolling river, the combat of God3 in the warfare of the elements, their story in the glowing mysteries of dawn and sunset. We reluctantly refrain from recording how the story of the great Delphic oracle was told, and how many other oracles, which now are, in their old form,' silenced for ever, attained the zenith of their power. Enough, for the pre sent, that it was submitted that faith was easier than doubt, and that in this chlidhood of the nations it was easily established. The lecturer summed up his conclusions thus : — In a word, there were mysteries on the one hand, and phantasies on the other. The breathings of matter, and the breathings " of mind, and out of these two substances ( shall I call them?) the earlier men made their Gods." A brilliant exposition of these early, nature-born myths followed, the most striking illustration being that which described the origin of the great Delphic oracle, bat we must hasten on to the maiu subject of the lecture, and shall prefer to give examples here and there of the ipsissima verba of the speaker, to a general condensation of his arguments. He proceeded to bridge the gulf which seems tolie between ancient and modern oracles, by an exposition as to his theory about what he called "The Metempsychosis of Superstition," an apt, and as Mr Bird used it, a most effective phrase. Rapidly sketching " the process of the suns," as faith passed from stage to stage of development, Mr Bird maintained, and illustrated the theory, that as the old philosophers of the Nile held that all living creatures on God's earth, were, or mieht be. of kin to them, or of even a higher kindred, and so should be treated with the utmost reverence and regard ; that their own present phase of existence, was, as it wore, but one small arc in the grand circle of their unending existence, so also, though the organisms of a false and superstitious faith must die, its spirit must ever live, and be re- embodied in new forms and agencies. The lecturer quoted an eloquent passage from Milton's "Hymn of Nativity," rather for its beauty, and as a contrast to his own views, than as being in sympathy with them. The lines quoted referred to the destruction of the faith in the grand old Grecian deities, caused by the advent of " The Christ." We almost wondered that he did not in this connection, quote also from Elizabeth Barrett Browning's great poem, the burden of which is " Pan is dead"— Wo can at the moment recall, and that perhaps not correctly, hut the four lines which open the poem, but they are apropos ; " Earth outlives the mythic fancies, Sing beside her in her youth ; And those debonnaire romances Sound but dull beside the truth." Passing on, however, somewhat reluctantly to the specified subject of the lecture, we must briefly rehearse the oracles to which Mi- Bird gave prominence. 1. Tho oracle of tradition, which he described as one of the chief idolatries of the latter days,—" An oracle which despite the iconoclasms of Radicalism, the crusades of reform, and the libertiue tendencies of the century, still boasts a temple of splendour and wealth." The old cry of the Ephesians, and especially of the silver smiths, when their craft was iu danger, was illustratively used with great power. The "Great is Diana of the Ephesians," from myriad tongue is still the batt:e note of the conservatists, the note of battle which is essentially one of stolid resistance. 2. The Oracle of Force. One of the most obstreperous of the ruliug voices, and which utters itself, not in the golden phases of poetry, but in the rudest prose. The lecturer then dwelt on the assumption of the jus divinum, of kings, which ecclesiastical kings had soon adopted as their own, and finished off this head of his argument with a terrific, but, as it seemed to us, an altogether overstrained onslaught on the tyranny of majorities in our modern history. He said "we have exchanged the jus divinum of kinghood for, tliejus divinum of democracy, and the despotism of tyrants for the despotism of majorities. He con cluded with this rather „ " higk-falutin peroration ; " unless nn infamous Medo- Persian policy is to doom our constitutions to immortality, and unless our statesmen are crazed lovers of the statuesque in law and enstom, we may venture to hope, that before Macaulay's New Zealander sketches the ruins of London bridge, and before Corean Antiquaries visit Australia to collect the rare eoins of Victoria's reign, our constitution- bnilders will have found a way of giving minorities a voice ; that the reign of vulgar fractions, of two thirds over one third, will havo ceased; that the tyrannies of our liberty will have crumbled into dust, and the Oracle of Force be dumb." 4. The Oracle of Dogma. " The ipse dixit of authority and prestige is still potent, notwithstanding the revolutionary criticism of the time. As Jo\ e- bom mortals took the precedence of old, and were regarded with a vague but real reverence ; so opinions born in high places are supposed to possess a mysterious dignity, and an in fallible veracity quite above a suspicion or doubt, and our awe entitles them to a god like rank and rule. The assumption under lying dogma, is that nature is defective, and truth incomplete, until the genius of mental invention has inserted here and there a law or a "theory, or a comment, which may serve to fill the blanks, and make the same walk, and assist creation generally to realise its own ideal." Much in the same style followed, which we regret not being able hero to record. 5\. The oracle of taste ; this feature of the subject was dwelt on with great power, hut again, we must reluctantly pass on. 6. The oracle of Hades ; " My next section," said the leoturer, " I shall style " Hades grown vocal ;" and with much fear and trembling announce that I am about to plunge into chaos. We have hitherto had a solid crust of humanity under our feet, and have been dealing with elements more or less known. But, in enter ing the shadowy underworld, and listening to tho oracles of the " vasty deep," a state of shaken nerves and lost wits is possible. We may fear the mystic spell which held Eurydice against the Orphean music, and shudder as our pouderous bodies almost swamp the Plutonic ferry- boat, only used to cargoes of ghosts." We need hardly say that this " oracle " is that of spiritism, in reference to which it is further said ; " One might almost fanoy that a few pamphlets on the advantages of emigration bad reached the circle of the modorn Inferno, and that seized thereupon with the mania of travel and adventure, the spirits, with one consent «« Spread their sheeny vans for flight." ftlid after exploring many "fresh fields and, pastures new" ultimately settled in tho table- legs, and planchctts , and colonised tho cup boards of our mortal dwellings, and that our furniture, not being prepared for this inspira tion, makes puzzled efforts to eject these ! demoniac colonists." The lecturer admitted that these creatures were among ns, but auegea that the "Holy of Holies," of ose who believe in this modern revelation, is Jf &aes;" 7\. The Oracle of the New Patmos. This was an able expose of the absurdities of tlie millenarian prophets, in which the followiUo passage occurred: "These men traves prophesy by attempts to fathom space, an measuro time, and take short-hand 0 Divine speech. They have actually published several programmes of the millennium, witu complete information as to dates, and ore er of events, and seats and price of admission, with trumpet prelude, and angelic orchestra, and firey scenery, and all the magic pnnto- mine of wheeling arms, and rolling skulls, andflying bodies, arranged in admirable taste ; the whole to he played out with a " dead march." The lecture concluded with " lne Oracle of Human Genesis," referring to recent theories as to the origiu of man, protoplasm, evolution, and expanding ascidian cells, and his last words were an earnest enforcement of the meaning of the words " Dust thon art, and unto dust shalt thou return." We have been able to give only a mere glimpse of some of the main points of this most able lecture ; we should he glad to have tlie pleasure of perusing it iu print, m full from the manuscript of the author. Cordial votes of thanks were passed to him and to Mr Fred. Brown, the chairman. Beechworth Court of Insolvency. — There will be a sitting of this court this (Saturday) morning, when Judge Bowman will hear applications for certificates of discharge. Spring Creek axo the Beechworth Shire Council.— Wo understand that a police court summons, returnable on Monday, has beon served on the United Sliire Council of Beechworth, by one or more of the claim- holders holding licenses for water from Spring Creek. The council, as our readers are aware, has cut off the supply to the creek from Lake Kerferd, as well as from Connolly and Co., and the- present com plainants, who, no doubt, practically represent others, allege they are aggrieved and suffer through the couucil not supplying the creek with six sluiceheads of water, which they say it is legally hound to do. The summons has been issued under the 69 th section of the Beechworth water works act. Mounted-Constable Wabd. — As this effi- cient officer is about to he removed from this district, iu which he has -served for some years, a number of the residents intend to mark their sense of his assiduity and pluck in the dischargo of his duties, by presenting him with a testimonial. Constable Ward has gained great goodwill in the discharge of duties, not always of an easy and pleasant nature, and we have no doubt that the de partment will consent to his receiving from his friends in Beechworth and the neighbor hood some testimony of their appreciation of him. Quoits. — Lovers ol manly sports will he glad to see that Mr Nowson, of the Post-office hotel, Beechworth, is about to introduce the oldest of games for Boxing day. One of the enclosures at the back of his premises is admirably adapted for the game, the players, and the spectators, the latter of whom will have comfortable shelter from the sun. Some experienced players have expressed their in tention to be present and take part in the day's sport. The programme with the cups, prizes, and sweep to be contended for, will appear iu our Monday's issue. Beechworth Police Court. — There was one case heard before Mr F. Brown, J.P., yesterday. Treasure v Berigan : This was a summons for insulting language in a public place, and Mr Zincko appeared for the de fendant. The complainant swore that the defendant called him a h y wretch and a mean wretch, in a public street, at Newtown. On cross-examination he admitted that he had purchased a horse from defendant and paid for him, hut after some days he wanted to return him, and went hack to Berigan's, who refused to take him back ; tried to put the horse in defendant's stable, hut defendant went before him and shut the gate, aud it was while going to the gate through the street, that defendant used the language alleged. Complainant said that he himself used no insulting language, but told defendant that he would make him pay for his language. Nothing further transpired. Mr Ziucke asked His Worship to dismiss the case as in order to sustain it, according to an expression of opinion by the Chief Justice, a breach of the peace must absolutely have been com mitted; there were two oases iu which a conviction could he held, one where the language " was intended " to create a breach o! the peace ; the other as what they wanted to establish here, whereby a breach of the peace " may he committed. " The Chief Justice held that to constitute this offence, the breach must he committed. He asked His Worship at all events to take a note of his objection. His Worship said there was no necessity for making a note, for although he did not agree with Mr Zincke's interpre tation of what the Chief Justice had said; the case was a most trumpery one, as in almost all such caseB there were faults on both sides, he would dismiss it. The court adjourned. Mr Drury, P.M.— Many residents in this district will learn with sorrow that the health of Mr Drury, who has lately been police magistrate at Smythesdale, is, says the Courier, causing serious anxiety to his family and friends. On Tuesday a telegram was re ceived by Dr. Hudson, of Ballarat, requesting his presence as Mr Drury's complaint is said to he functional derangment of the heart, and yesterday the symptoms were less favorable than they were the day before. Beechworth Shire Council. — The United Shire Council of Beechworth will meet on Monday next, the 22nd instant, for the pur pose of striking a rate of Is in the £1. The estimates for the year will also he brought up, hut not necessarily to be finally settled and determined, so that persons, on seeing copies, may be'in a position to make representations to the Council at future sittings, if they con sider that justice has not been done to any particular locality, or that any particular and requisite work has been omitted. We believe it has at length been recommended that the sum of £50 be given for a large and accurate map of the Shire, showing the ranges, water courses, diggings, and allotments of land taken up, and colored so as to represent the different kinds- of occupation under which each is held. Such a map will he of the greatest possible use, not only to the council lors themselves, hut to the great body of ratepayers. A full meeting is expected. Railway Tide Table — There have been several complaints . lately with regard to the impossibility of getting a copy of the rail way time table in Beechworth. As the Rail way Department does not advertise for the convenience of the public, the least it can do is to send a packet or two of the small monthly tables to the Post office where they may to had on application by those intending to travel .on the line during the coming holidays. The Lands Department Defaulter. Further complications are creeping up anent the O'Ferrall defalcations. The Argus says : — Mr Gqdeman's further progress report in connexion with O'Ferrall's defalcations was, .we understand, handed to the Minister of Lands Wednesday; and acting upon it, Mr Casey found it necessary to refer the conduct of at least one of the officers of the depart ment to a board. . beechworth baths.-u oxth feared that the promoters oi dis- Bath Company are now thoroughly heartened at the apathy shareholders, who cannot he up their caffs. Stiff, if another effort er made, it might prove more successful. in the absence of that, and m circumstance that the Council would tl bo unable, even if willing, o a ' tQ in hand, some other course should bring about so desirable an en . public baths fairly to be compris®. scheme for a Water Supply, and if bo, couffi additional loan from the vote- g who no additional burden upon the rat p y would individually by the help . a peaces and threepences for the 1 y plunge more than pay interest on th sarv loan. Say the baths would coat £o00, a Sy estimate, and that nothing was cnarged for the water, there would he only £3 quired for interest and say £10 more towards a sinking fund, in all £40 r« Then suppose there were two classes of bat , one at £1 and the other at 10s a quarter, for six months in the year.it would not be too much to calculate on 30 gentlemen for the first class for six months in the year, "Msa/ the same number for the second class. Ifie only difference being in attendance and a - ditional accommodation. That woul give £90 for season tickets alone . Say that casual bathers would be 20 more per day m each class for 4 months or 126 days at Cd and 3d Sundays included, that would give los per day, or another £90, making the total receipts for the season, at a very low estimate indeed, £1S0. Deduct £40 a year for interest ana sinking fund, this would leave £140 for the season's working expenses, and renewal of necessary appliances. By a little management two smart lads could attend to both baths, but in the first instance all the furniture and appliances should be included in the original cost. If our estimate he too favorable, we shall be happy to hear any one on the sub ject, which only requires ventilation to he carried to a successful issue. Coroner's Inquest.— An inquest was held on Tuesday afternoon at the Wangaratta Hospital, before Dr Miller, deputy coroner, on the body of Charles Wilkinson who died at the hospital the same morning. The following jury were empannelled W. Mel- drum (foreman), J. F. Whitty, J. Kiely, F. Burrows, N. Leahy, J. Bellew, W. Willis, E. Burke, C. F.Lord, T. Sales, W. Godfrey, and W. McGain. Thomas Buckler deposed: At about 7.30 p.m. on Saturday evening a man came to my place and told me there was a man lying alongside of my fence ; he did not know whether or not the man was badly hurt ; there was blood about the body ; I went with hitu and saw the body and he said he had not time to go to the police ; I got some water and bathed his forehead and temples and put some in his mouth, I remained half an hour with him and went home ; I went again at 11.30 p.m. ; he never spoke whilst I was witii him ; I again went and lifted him up ; at 3.30 p.m. I went again ; I then sent for the police and doctor ; my son got a horse and cart and took the man to the hospital ; I identify the body now on view as that I saw lying by my fence ; a horse was tied to the fence when I came out first ; I saw blood come from his head, about a spoonful ; the man who told me of the accident was on horseback ; he was sober at the time ; I don't think deceased's horse fell with him as there were no marks on the horse ; the man told me he had caught the horse ; I thought the man was drunk and did not think him in a dangerous state. William Norton, cellarman at the Wangaratta brewery, deposed — -I recognise the body now on view as that of Charles Wilkinson ; I_ saw him last at about 6 p.m. on Saturday, when he left the brewery on horseback; he was sober, and going to El Dorado ; the horse he rode was a quiet one ; next saw deceased in the Hospital on Sunday evening; he was then quite 'insensible. Constable Stoddart ; — At 60.3 a.m. on Sunday a hoy named Abra ham Buckler came to tho police station, and said there wa3 a man lying senseless at the roadside at North Wangaratta; I went out and examined the man and found him in a dangerous state ; I searched him and found on him £5 6s 3d, and a silver watch and chain; the horse, saddle, and bridle were brought into Waugaratta by me ; the horse was tied to the fence near where the deceased lay ; I considered him in too dangerons a state to remove him without the opinion of a doctor ; I returned and went by instructions for Dr Hutchinson, and - we went out ; the doctor ordered his removal to the hospital ; I accompanied him ; I identify the hody as that I removed to the hospital ; I was told that a man named James Cleery first saw1 the deceased ; on .Sunday I saw James Cleery, and asked him why he did not report the matter to the police ; he said he had no time and had to go and look for a horse ; Cleery has no fixed residence ; I searched for him to-day at Docker's Plains and Wangaratta, but could not find him. Dr Hutchinson, de posed — I was sent for by the police on Sunday morning for a man lying insensible in the bush on the El Dorado road ; I found him lying on the traek against a fence, with" several contusions about his head and face"; he was suffering from compression of the brain ; I had him removed to the hospital; he died this morning ; I last saw him between S and 9 o'clock yesterday evening, when I found him sinking ; I made a post-mortem examination this afternoon ; I found extensive extravasation over the right hemisphere of the brain and base of the skull, which was the cause of death ; I don't think any medical treatment could have saved the life of de ceased, no matter how early the treatment had been commenced. At this stage the in quest was adjourned at the request of the jury, to secure the attendance of James Cleery, whom they believed was keeping out of the way. Ball at Stanley on Boxing Night.— Those who want to enjoy something like the fun and frolic of the good old Christmas times at home, cannot do better than go to the ball at Stanley on the evening of the 26th December, where we will venture to guarantee there will be glorious sport. The objects of the hall are to pay off a debit balance incurred by the Stanley Richardson's Show people in their able assistance to the Carnival, and to provide prizes for the school children — excellent objects both. Benalla and Mansfield Railway. — A de putation waited on the hon. Mr Gillies on Wednesday morning says the Daily Telegraph to urge a survey of a line of railway between Benalla and Mansfield, consisting of Messrs H. H. Kitchen, J.P., president of the Mansfield Shire Couucil ; Councillors E. Money, J.P. ; Jas. Shaw, J.P. ; .the president of the Benalla Shire Council ; Messrs George Sharp, J.P. ; D. H. Evans, J.P., of Wangaratta and P. Martin. The deputation was introduced by Mr John Orr, M.P. ; Mr P. Hanna, M.P. ; the -Hon. Wm. Highett, M.L.C.; and the Hon. R. S. Anderson, M.L.C. The deputation was favourably received, and the Minister promised that at an early date a survey should he made by the department, adding that his impression of the importance of the whole district was such that he intended to visit it personally in a short time. WODONGA POLICE CoURT.-The following cases were dealt with at this court by Cap. tain Brownrigg P.M., on Wednesday: T Ryan, charged with having been drunk and disorderly, having been two days in the lock-up was discharged. J. Prior and Y. P. Barsimer charged by J. Phelan with being the owners of unregistered dogs, were fined ( 5s with 15s 6d costs, each.-Wm. Bryan, of Tumbarnmba, charged H. Perkins with il- legally using a horse. Mr Dwyer for com- lainant, Mr Thorold for defendant. Pleaded . auilty of using, hut not illegally. He said that on the 15th September he sent bis mare to Lee's stud horse at Kiewa ; about six weeks since he ascertained that Lee had re covered her; he called on defendant to account for tho possession ; defendant said ha i»ot her from Mr Jeffers to use, and he and Filmore had used her. James Lee said ha recovered the mare on the 11th November from Filmore's stables ; he had seen her two days before she was missed from the paddock; his brother had seen her in the paddock the night before the morning she was lost; he never authorised auy ono to use her; Mr Thorold applied for an adjournment till the 8th of January for the production of Jeffers, Sutherland, and Biddicombe ; case adjourned onrdmBlv.— Hillerman v Reed and Watts,' £1 7s for goods sold; order for amount, costs 2s 6d. The court then adjourned. Publications Received. — We have received from the publisher, Mr Robert Maciay, 15 Collins-street, West, Melbourne, a pamphlet, subject " Forbearance " the divinely-ordained mode of preserving unity in the Church the substance of a speech by the Rev. A. Robertson, West Melbourne, on " the Mar- riage question delivered during the sittings of the recent Presbyterian Assembly. The pamphlet is well worth reading, and the view of the question taken by Mr Robertson is, we think, the correct one. The price of the pam phlet is only three pence. Three Mile Public Room. — A meeting of subscribers took place on the 1 ltli inst., at the Upper Three Mile, when Mr Cowan was voted to the chair. The chairman read the object of the meeting, tha appointing of trustees, and explained the position they were in at present, as the Education Depart ment are in treaty with regard to the purchasing or leasing the property for a State school. It was moved by Mr Paton, and seconded by Mr Lack, that three trustees be appointed. The following gentlemen were chosen:— Messrs Cowan, Dwyer, and Lack. Death of Mr. Wm. Froomes, Jux.— By an obituary notice in the Ballarat Courier, we are informed of the death of Mr Wm. Troomes, junr., J.P., of Castlemaiue, au old colonist, at one time the -most active, and in fact the leading man in every movement of public interest in that town. There are but few old colonists who will not remember Mr Froomes. As a public man ho had no equal for shrewd business tact, aud the large for tune he accumulated while iu business as a draper and clothier is a proof of this. Close application to business, however, injured his sight, and although he consulted the best oculists and medical men iu Victoria, and voyaged home to England, visiting the lead- iug professional men in that country, his sight gradually failed him, and for many years he has been totally blind. There are many persons in these districts who were intimately acquainted with Mr Froomes and will doubtless be sorry to hear of his death. Of late years Mr Froomes has lived in Mel bourne, where he died on Wednesday last. The Queen of the Hellenes. — Among the anecdotes now current in Vienna is one which has for its heroine Queen Olga of Greece. A lady was a few days since seen shopping at tho Exhibition, accompanied by an Austrian officer. The reached the French Annexe, and were much struck with some of Droird's statuettes. The officer was selecting some for purchase, when the lady was heard to observe, in a half whisper, " But we have spent all eur money !" " No matter," replied the French exhibitor, " kindly give me your name and address, and I will send the statuettes." The lady fumbled iu her pocket, but had not a pencil in her possession. The Frenciiman lent her one, and was agreeably surprised on finding the name put down to be " Olga. Reme des Hellenes." The officer escorting tier was tho Grown Prince of Hanover." The Pope's Wardrobe. — The A ew Free Press of Vienna states that the head of tlie Roman Catholic Church adheres strictly to aucient tradition in respect of the colour of his attire, which consists of a white cassock with a nrarow collar and wide sleeves, and a purple cloak cut in a circular shape. The material varies in thickness according to the season. In consequence of an inveterate habit of snuff- taking, his Holiness requires five or six white cassock3 during the year, each of which costs abont 400f . . In winter, the Pope wears white silk stockings over fine thread, aud in summer mixed cotton and silk. These are supplied by a well-known house in Verviers, which charges 24f. a pair for the hose. The red mantle costs no less than 800f. The slippers, of fine red cloth, embroidered with fine gold, and ornamented with a cross, are worth from 120f. to 140f. The Pope requires six of these for the year ; 24 pans are besides always kept in his wardrobe, and the chamberlains are forbidden to give them away when cast off, though many eagerly covet the honour of their possession. Bush Fires. — From all quarters of the co lony we hear of the ravages of bush fires. The Ballarat Courier reports extensive fires in the Bnllarook Forest, -where the saw mills of Messrs Graves and Frazer, and Messrs Ander son Brothers, Barkstead, were seriously en dangered. The tramway of Messrs Anderson Brothers was o j. fire in several places, and numerous stacks of firewood were consumed. The house of Mr W. Caddy, mining manager, was burnt to the ground, and the police barracks and schoolhonse were with difficulty saved. At - Mount Mercer, on Monday, the homestead of Peter Liego' was totally des troyed by fire. Fires, which consumed crops, fences, and other property near Steigliiz and at Thompson's Creek, are described by the Geelong Advertiser. In the neighborhood of. Woodend, the bush fires ou Monday were very destructive. The Kg ad on Guardian says : — " Several of the men employed at Messrs Allen and Row s sawmill on Mount Macedon had their houses entirely destroyed, and it was ouly w.th tho utmost difficulty that the mill itself was saved. At Trentham Mr L wers mill had a narrow escape from destruction. The fire spread nom another paddock, and burned down a barn and stable, tlie property of Frank Casper, and then passed on to a stable adjoining, the property of a man named Brown, which was mou destroyed. It was with much difficulty that the houses of these parties were saved. Several other places were burned down, aud a great deal of- fencing, &c.;" Bush fires were burning strongly to the south, south-east, west, and north-west of Iuglewood on Monday. The Argus says :— Bush fires have caused several interruptions ou the lines of telegraph. The destruction of nearly a mile of poling has completely eat off communication with Hay, and a similar disaster between Scbnappet Toint and Flinders has temporarily isolated Tasmania. Many of the inland lines were on "Wednesday working badly. -A Mystery. —It is indeed a m.rstery how some people, otherwise sensible, are so short-sighted ana foolish as to go on from day to dav, and month to month, suffering with the stings and pains of disease, which, by the use of a few bottles of Bristol's Sar- saparilla and Pills, would to a perfect certainty be radically cured. Do not stand in your own light. 