CRICKET GOSSIP. [BY SHOBT-SIEP.] So we are to have the English cricketers • after all. The announcement was received last Tuesday week by the Secretary of the L.C.C., and the sum to be paid for one .'natch to be played at Launceston is £350 besides the expenses incurred in bringing the team from Melbourne. I consider this the best cricketing news chronicled this season ; and now that negotiations are finally closed, it becomes the duty of those most interested to see that Northern Tasmania will not be poorly represented on that all auspicious occasion. Opinions have been freely expressed as to the best means of providing a team to meet the champions, all agreeing, for obvious reasons, that it would be impossible to play a match at each end of the island, and therefore I particularly supported the movement of having a match played at Launceston between 22 Northerners and the English team, on the grounds that by taking more interest in the game in anticipation of being chosen to play in a match against Grace, the players of the North would be greatly benefited, and cricket itself be advanced another stage towards perfection. If certain individuals both here and at Hobart Town are so sanguine about the result of the match in Launceston, and fear that the cricketing powers of Grace will not be brought out in their true colors, why do they not devise apian in which this "playing" with Grace will be done away with. It has been distinctly asserted that arrangements cannot be made so as to allow combined teams playing at each end of the island, and therefore I lay before the cricketing public at large the following propositions: —1st. That as the Northern cricketers proceed to Hobart Town this year, it would be advisable to arrange that the match to be played at Launceston between the North and Grace's eleven shall take place just before the Northern men leave for the capital 2nd. That provided the above is agreed to, the Southern Association enter into negotiations for a match with Grace to be played at Hobart Town, and also ask the Northern men to cooperate, the match to take place immediately before or after the grand one. Thus a very strong team would be brought together, and enthusiasts would be quite satisfied with the result. I do not offer this proposition with the assurance that it will be accepted, but in the spirit of a thorough lover of the noble game, and dictated by far higher motives than those of selfishness. The first match of the season—Town v. Country—came off last Saturday week, resulting in a comparatively easy victory for "our" representatives. An excellent report having already appeared in these columns, it is unnecessary for me to describe the individual play of each man, and I will therefore confine my remarks to those worthy of special notice, whether complimentary or otherwise. Out of the 242 runs scored by the Townites, G. Bailey contributed 69, J. Martin 40, and T. Hogg 33. 'These players batted in true cricket-like style, showing none of that stiffness which cricketers are apt to mistake for good play, because a person can " block" and who never thinks about hitting. There are limits, however, and Martin, I fancy, made rather too free with the ball, hitting at some dangerous " breakers," and it was only by the ghost of a chance that he was not bowled before he entered double figures. Hogg's 33 were scored in an almost faultless style ; in fact I never remember seeing him bat with more confidence. 29 for Haymes is not a great score, and he can easily increase it on future occasions if he rids himself of the desire to " slog." He has greatly improved during the last season or two, and now ranks with our first-class men. Collins, and Atkinson played well for their respective scores. C. Glenn (27 not out) played the best innings for the Country, but he would do better if he exhibited more elasticity in his movements and gave over that stiffness of play so apparent on Saturday week. The renowned J. Arthur received his quietus from Hogg after he had scored 10, in the shape of a " deceiver" which broke in, the batsman freely hitting at it. His brother George, however, scored 18 by neat play. D. Burke, 16 first innings and 20 not but second innings, and J. Beatty 21, fairly earned their number of runs, the latter being aT regular "teaser." Taking the batting on the whole, it must be considered as encouraging ; but not so with the fielding. Why this important feature in the game is neglected 1 cannot make out, but such seems to be the case. The Launceston men, it is true, fielded very well at the first, but as the game drew towards its conclusion "muffing" became in vogue, and a general laziness existed. In reference to the fielding of the Country nothing can be said in its favor, barring that of Lyttleton, and the longstopping of G. Arthur. Missing catches was a common occurrence, and to make a catch something extraordinary. Practice matches are now established, and players begin to see the beneficial results arising therefrom. Still they have not reached that state of perfection I should like to see, for ever and anon a member will manifest a want of interest sufficient to guarantee that he takes a delight in what he is doing. Let this feeling be dispelled, and the game of cricket in Tasmania will increase with rapid strides. The unamiable spirit which the dominance of decision of character is apt to engender, manifests itself unconsciously in all transactions of life. There is no need of going through this crowded woild with the arms akimbo, and sharp elbows thrusting into everybody's side. The man who amid a throng of people attempts thus to make his way will meet with resistance,and perchance hard knocks in return ; while ho who keeps his elbows closely by his side, stands upright, treads on nobody's toes, and says gently yet in a dignified manner, "By your leave, Sir," is sure to open a direct path to the object in view. This is an entirely different mode from an obsequious style of what is called " currying favor." All the world agree to hate meanness, although I admit there is some diversity of opinion as to what constitutes the unpopular enormity. Words may be construed so as to meet the requirements of parties concerned, and thereby mislead the public. Such I would take to be the desire of " Fact," judging from what he puts forth in a somewhat lengthy and hurried " letter which appeared m this paper some short time back. He endeavors to make out, by misrepresentation, that I am altogether "one-sided," and at enmity with the Southern Association. He also tries to make out that I do not care anything about the grand display of cricket that would result from a combined match with Grace, and that I would be satisfied so long as the English team plays at Launceston, and finished by stating that I "revel in misrepresenting Southern cricketers." Ex nihilo nihil fit. To „this presumption I forbear a reply, knowing that " Fact" does not inculcate the practice of a perfect self-control, and assumes a name, quite inappropriate to hiB writings. In point of fact, I. do not fairly understand his insinuations, for he has unquestionably jumbled together what I said with that of what he terms a " puerile writer," advanced, and which is the first intimation I have received of the latter being connected with this controversy. However, I have no wish to bandy words with " Fact," or any writer, and therefore I wish the little unpleasantness to close with this article. The match between the L. C. C. and Entally takes place to-morrow, on the Launceston ground, when I intend to be there. His Excelleney the Governor has signified his wifiinguess to be present, and I hope members will be punctual. Nov. 21. ' LAUNCESTON CRICKET CLUB. — At a special general meeting of the Club held on Thursday evening, the resignation of Mr F. G. Haymes as Secretary to the Club was received—that gentleman being about to leave the colony for Melbourne. Mr J. L. Maddox was on the motion of Mr W. A. Collins elected to the Secretaryship. Mr Collins then moved a vote of thanks to Mr Haymes for his services during the short time he had occupied the position, and expressed a sense of the loss the Club would sustain by so good a cricketer as Mr Haymes leaving. Mr Haymes acknowledged the vote of thanks in oppropriate terms, hoping that he might one day play in a Victorian eleven against Tasmania. It was decided that the Club should not change its uniform during the present season. THE ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN—Cricketers will be interested to learn that by the mail just arrived, full particulars have been received of the All England Eleven, now on its way to these shores to do battle'for J the cricketing honor of the old country. Mr Grace has had many difficulties to contend against, and not long before he started was disappointed in receiving a letter from Mr A. N. Hornby saying that he would be unable, through business engagements, to visit Australia. However, every obstacle was overcome, and of the quality of our coming opponents, the following extract from Mr Grace's latest letter speaks for itself :—"I am proud to sayth^t I have succeeded in getting together a very Strong team, and if welose a single match, all I can say is that your teams of 22 must be a good deal stronger than those we play in England." Mr W. G. Grace was married on the 9 th ult., and later on in that month the following All EnglandEleven started from Southampton in the Mirzapore:—Gentlemen—Messrs W. G. Grace, G. F. Grace, F. H. Boult, A. J. Bush, and W. R. Gilbert. Professionals—H. Jupp, R. Humphrey, J as. Lilly white, J. Oscroft, Martin M'Intyre, J.Southerton,and A. Greenwood— Argus, 18th inst. GKIOKET—LAUNCESTON CLUB V. EN- TAITIY CLUB.—This match will be played on the Launceston Ground to-day, wickets to be pitched at 9*30 a.m. His Excellency the Governor and the hon. Mrs DuCane have expressed their intention of being present, and as the strength of both clubs will be represented, some really good cricket is expected. The following are the teams:—Launceston Club —W. A. Collins (Captain), T. Hogg, G. Bailey, W. T. Glynn, F. Haymes, Jas. Martin, J. A. Ferguson, Dr Maddox, C. W. Rocher, W. Martin, and F. H. Moore ; emergency men, R. R. Palmer and F. H. Goodall Entally Club—J. L. Arthur, C. Arthur, G. Arthur, H. R. Dumaresq, H. Rowan, H. R. Falkiner, J. Beatty, R. Featherstone, J. Featherstone, C. Glenn, and G. A. Green; emergency men G. Thorpe and R. Keating. 