THE OLD LADY AND THE ROBBERS. -Whether this story is true or false we do not know; but it is said here that recently in the parish of St. Martin, Iberia, orsomewhere down that way, an old widow lady, whose children had all married off and left her, had been persuaded to sell her little place and live with them. She sold her land, buildings, and improvements one day for 2000 dollars, and received the money in cash on the spot, in her own house, where the act of sale was passed before two witnesses,. the number re quired by the law, and who witnessed also the payment of the money, In a short time she was to give possession, but she remained in the house the night following the sale, all alone, or with no masculine adult inmates? as was her custom, That night two negro burglars broke into the house and demanded her money or her life. She gave it to them, but begged them to let her have 100 dollars of it ans she owed that amount, and wanted to pay the debt, when she would be satisfied. 'hey finally agreed to let her have 100 dollalr 'hey then ordered her to make some coffee for them to drink. In doing so she bethought herself of some strychnine she had in the house, and quietly dropped it in the pot of steaming coffee, and placed it on the table with cups, spoons, and sugar for them to pour out and sweeten to their taste. This they did, and drank in a jolly mood, each one having 9150 dollars in his pocket. But in a short time the tables were turned. One gave up the ghost where lie sat at the table in his chair, and the other got up, staggered off a few feet, and tumbled over into eternity. The good old lady recovered her money, and on ex amining the persons of the black burglarious robbers, they turned out to be the two witnesses to the act of sale, both white men, blackened for the occasion-both her neigh bors, and one was her cousin.-New Orleans Herald. IRasd GArtrTvDE.-In the year 1843, amongest other tenants on the Tyrone estate of the late Right lion, Edward Litton, who were then assisted to emigrate by that model Irish landlord, there sailed to New York a youth named Patrick M'Eleer. For several years after his departure no intelligence con cerning him reached home, and it was sup posed he had died. In 1800 it happened, however, that a son of the late Master Litton, then on his travels, came across the former " Irish boy" in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where, by a steady course. of self- education and prudence, as well as by? the exercise of a rare talent for speculation, he had even by that time amassed a consider able fortune, and had purchased lands in Pennsylvania, on which were subsequently discovered coal fields of great value, and, later on, oil-wells of almost inexhaustible depth. Having done good service to the country of his adoption in the great war of secession, Major Mi'Eleer, being badly wounded at the battle of Gettysburg, retired from active service. Intelligence has just reached his fortunate legatee, the visitor of 1800, that by a will, dated two months before his death, which occurred in May, 1873, this "Irish emi grrant" has bequeathed to the son of his former landlord, a junior member of the equity bar in England, the whole of his vast property. To an utter barrister " waiting for business" this oxample of Irish gruatitutde must prove as dlloasing' as it was unlxulpocted.--?eforlter'. A ROMAN CaATHOLIC MANIFEST. Archbishop Manning has addressed to the Roman Catholic Primate of Ireland a long letter, which the Dublin Evening Post pro nounces to be " one of the most remarkable communications that has been placed before the Irish public within this century." The Archbishop expresses the opinion that Ireland is in a happier condition with regard to religion than any other country, and also maintains that the country was never in-so good a position materially, and was never so influential in the British Empire and in the world as at present. Referring to Mr. Glad stone's abortive attempt to deal with Univer sity education in Ireland, Archbishop Man ning' admits that when the proposal was first made known, he was "for a time induced to believe, looking at it as for us in Englhnd, that it could be accepted with satfety and worked for ultimnate good." But he goes on to say that when the Catholic Episqopate of Ireland refused' the proposal "on the high Church Christian principle that it involved two things which the Catholic Church inflexibly refuses, the one mixed education, and the other education without faith," he recognised the higher and nobler attitude of its refusal. " Such mixed and godless schemes of university education have become inevitable in England by reason of our end less religious contentions. But Ireland may well remind the Imperial Parliament that it has not forfeited its religious unity, and thst such penal legislation is neither necestsl'y nor tolerable." Dr. Manning' contrasts what is known as Imperial policy with Home Rule, not, however, using' the latter expression. The Parliament of the thfuture, he says, " will be broader, and more in sympathy with the constituencies of the three kingdoms. Eng land and Scotland will not claim to legislnto for Ireland according to English and Scotch interests and preijudices; and Ireland, when it is justly treated, will have no more will then than it has now to make or meddle in the local affairs of England or Scotland, The three peoples are distinct in blood, in character, and in local interest. 'They will soon learn to 'live and let live' when the vanishing reliquim of the Tudor tyranny shall have (lied out, unless the insane example of Germany shall for a time inflame the heads of certain violent politicians to try their hand at what they call an Imperial policy."-Pall Mall Budget. How TO COOK A TOMATO.---Lt those who think it is a very difficult matter to cook tomatoes take courage henceforth, This most beautiful and delicious fruit is easier to cook for those whose palates are healthy and unvitiated than any other fruit in the world, save an apple that is baked in the oven. For accompanying a chop, outlets, or roast mutton, tomatoes prepared as now proposed are as acceptable as appetite itself, Remove from the fruit the stlilk and calyx and wipe them carefully with a dry cloth; Put them in an iron pot which has a close fitting lid, without any butter or water or any kind of flavouring., 1'he pot should stand on a hot plate or trivet, somewhere near the fire, for about an hour, when the tomatoes will be perfectly cooked in'theii own juice, with the gravy tlhat belongs to them, They may be cooked in half an hour by putting the pot partially over the fire and keeping a sharp eye on it, but the lid must not often be removed, because the delicate odour and flavour of the tomato are so dispelled; but on the other hand, they must not be allowed to burn, or they will.' be spoiled entirely, Beginners in this sinple mode of cooking tomatoes would do well to put a lump of butter in with them, but they may be better cooked without it, and a " a little knack" is is all that is needed to render them, by this very simple process, as delicious as in any case tomatoes can be.-Gardene,'s ."*Magazine. IT is not true that Nil kins recently sold his boots. They were only half-soled. THEa:usual salutation at Cairo is-" H?w do you sweat ?" a dry, hot skin being a sure in dication of a very destructive ephemeral fever. Greenlanders have no salutation, and'laugh at the idea of one person being superior to the other. Islanders near the Philippines' take the hand or foot of the person, thlianrub it over their face, Some author has observed, in contrasting' the haughty Spaniard' with the frivolous Frenchman,. that the proud;, steady gait andn inflexible solbmnity of the former were expressed' in.lhis mode of salutation "Comib. esta ?!' " Iow do you stand?" while the "-Comment' vous portez vous ? " How do you cnarry yourself'f" was equally expressive of' the gay nation and incessant action of the latter,. In some parts of Africa a young woman;,an intended bride, brings a little water in a'calabasll, and kneeling down before her lover, desires him to wash his hands. When lie has done this, the girl, with tears of joy sparkling in her eayes, drinks the' water,. TI's is considered the greatest proof she can.give of her fidelity and attaclh ment. An. Ethiopian takes the robe of another and. ties it about him, so as to leave him alumost naked.. T'he Japanese take off a slipper, and. the people of Baracus their sandals, whien in. tile street, and their stockings in the house,. when they salute. Two negro. kings on the coast of Africa salute by snapping the middle finger three times. r'Ilie inhabitants of Carlmine, when they desire to, show particular attaclhment, open a vein and present their blood to a friend as a beverage. If the Chinese meet after a long separation, they fall on their knees, bend tlheir faces to tlie earth two or three times, and etse many other affected modles. They lhave also a kindl of ritual, or academy of bows, genuffections, and words to be spoken on certain occasionu, Ambassadors. praoctise these ceremonies forty days betfore they appear in court. The common salu tation in the southern provinces of China, among the lower orders, is "Yaten ?" " Have you eaten your riae ?" In Otilheite they rub their noses together. A COMIPLETE statement of the oontribu tions received on account of the Sunday Hospital fund (lMelbourne) is published in the Argus. Tlhe church collections, &c.;,, amrount to £83,0691 5s. Od.; contributions from Sutday and State schools, &c;,, £140 19s. d. ; subscriptions from employds,, £844 7s.; received from sources not fully described, £42 7s. Od. ; received since closing the accounts, £98 14s. 4d. 'lThe fund reaches the very creditable total of £4,247 8s. Dd. A COLLECTION WORTH RECORDINo. YWe learn from an English paper that on the occasion of the delivery of the discourse by the Rev. W. MI. Punslhon, D.D., in tile City Road Chinpel, London, in aid of the liqulida tion of the Westminster Chapel debt, the col lection taken upon the plates exceeded £,2,000. Th'le congregation, as must be supllposed, was very large, and the financial proceeds of the. service were unprecedented in the history of Methodism. ItRERRuINa to tthe opening of the line to, Wodongn, the Albury Bahner says,:- " Increased fiacilities of conmulnicatiom wivilml other large towns also indluces keener.ceompe-.. tition in the way of business, hilbut thoy have' a corresponding ndvanta-o'e in the shapllle of an outlet tbfor their goods in di(irots previ onsly innaecessable. Among Wifer results ut the oonimpletion of the railway i? the opening of a fishmlonger's shop in Deamli street, wlhici we learn from an advertisement in lnoather column is aibout to take plhice, We sho)l, therefore, ia tuturo be able to procure fresh oysters and fish fioom tile Bay tdaily, on tihe amrivl nof' the triin." 