CABLYON'S VACATION. i.— lion and dufb. ,< ' Confound '.m aU !" .jamW oesfcer Du Plit, o ( No. barrietnr.t !»w, .ddreMing >» upright on the «Tim<,"a pipe » b .DMtaolM on hi. now — " oonfound .mall, Rn>» I say, and you iato the bargain. iJL " Who, why, and what for P Have joubeW bumped at Putney, | _oai«bt out oheated inthe yardP Baa Daffodil Lion, m, boj.howm.y««» to the dogs, thafs alL "4be.fl®F comer, seating helf ma rocg uadrapM been en route toywjto bpoo, ever since we hookefl pr Aancflj headed the Crick run. and life out. But whatfs the g n01rP\ a V.»I"swois1b®bajrisJ «Oh! nosnd of a row donny "Priggehm the goremer, mm «»' aihr „ sent in a bill for » palbied horrid gooseberry and me: aint it a „ infernal mad, of course, « air do you; think ho spe, ..i sweet, and musical. 2b like W" Who'9 the poor victim P" tUnld think," growled Da Plat. «IltD 'l S0es tntefidu. But whose your fell o,J'B 2ke me if I know!" said the barrister, Tpeii t tbe Burton, and sitting down to taking » P j A,nmBticks which were waiting for SdeSUble. " I burnt the governor's the woman's name— some heiress, .M8" trust the old boy for that. But 1110 devil! 11 .f.'o Lfl1w nn ril work as a navvy, I'll sell hot -jpraDCieeOi Qr ory periwinkles in Oxford -ifjStthe cr0 . tJ myseif to a lot of crinoline, « with her confounded Sin." „n hetter ?" said Oarlyon quietly. " You "A W toy dear fellow. Why shouldn't a ire because she chances to have in®11 that will keep her ? Just now you n>®« ®®eL foce worth all the world ; by-and- tk nPlIfimate a good house, good position, and &me; at their right value." 1 «ni bo shot if e?er 1 buy em with my wife's „„,i will, some time or other." ion »y so!" said Du Plat, t»' ..Tamssgsgedto Honoria Oosmetique? Kb I was walking St. George s,I had mucn 5"i MtioM J,0!if„own' bKt my oot, « joure will. « joar heart a as cool as your r' cried the barrister. " Beauchamp has 'i there wasn't a wilder man in town than "Jfirere ; yet you always look as cool as any jolly I 'Kn smiled. "What would my patients fi reeled into their bedrooms ? I never let ,,7JL excite me. That is the great secret. a taVfi eoenac, and get entre aeux urns ; l case am only refreshed. TOto!" « You nerer had a grande passion, Phil ?" « No, I am much obli8ed t0 you- Never What does Honoria say to that ?" 'Nothing. She is philosophic. So am I. But . m you understand this, you inflammable Uuiun? fwr Mr8, eice8ter Du Piat> hw 1 nitrber!" said Carly on, throwing back his head with « Jaugh. "Oh! the rose notes that will fetor tier peace ! The latch key that will elude her wifely vigilance ! The curtain lectures she till bare to prepare, the pretty danseuses she will bare to rival her, the breakfast and suppers and Biehmond dinners her purse will buy for other MIMB 1" — 11 Ibe devil take Mrs. Leicester Du Plat ! See iere, Carlyon," cried the barrister, springing upas t bright idea struck him, "hang me if I don't go dovn te old Chip's— town's deucedly hot and dull ud that will out-manoeuvre the governor charmingly ; he wants me to go to Hawtree, then the heiress hangs out, and he hates me to be it Chip's, because they've a lot of girle there gaeallv. Dome with me, old fellow — do !" j Oarlyon thought a minute. " Perhaps I can. I m ilnjitake a month this time of year, and there fl knot much illness now. But I must be off. By a me! it's just one, and I've a consultation with M Hiitoni, operations to see at St. George's, and no aioipwple — one of 'em at Greenwich — to visit I bekjeren. So an revoir !"' I "3d- bye, old boy 1" And Du Plat relighted I ifi pipe, filled a tumbler of sherry and seltzer, I Mist down to read " Arthur while Garlyou spjBBg into a hansom, and drove as fast as he coold to St. George's, pondering, as he went, on very interesting case of gastralgia. I Lion and Dupe, as the school nicknamed them, I tid been cronies at Bugby, and chums ever since. 9 Hnj were as unlike &b; sod a water and brandy, 1 te mixed as well together ; contrasts often do, I Jffl know. Their physiques were a type of them « "aces generally are. Du Plat was like a young I with his gay debonnaire air, long chesnnt 1 Jw, and languid hazel eyes ; while Carlyon's pale were as classic as a Roman emaeror's. and graceful figure, hie dark eyes, " so soft when 9 smiled, as ladies eaid, the haughty beauty ' nil mouth and forehead, joined to his suave wd 8eDtle ways, won him conquests n„ m aong 1)18 fairer patients, lit k finished his chambera, kept his hack, BiftJk 5r b'B outreri gave his Rioh- £8om Md b8 Pera euppers, as if he'd ir lD6tead of £300. He never read, pIe;ded' fa8 p®fcfced every 1 dowagers to danseuses, enty ed 88 amuBing a life as iidi!ihs0 .t0 dT Parlyn' on the contrary, hehad nn« 2r-ler atbl bad 8eea him, freely as loese; Lp. lr3to at all times and in all P'wtioe for 'e®D10Q8ly 88 ho once left his Continent (N.R ah ?0nth61. "camper over the whim ' patients came back to ffiaiWltr tlu'lle()i(no worked hard with Ptioner t0Wn 88 tt 6«neral f hie poVerL aa\ blrtb was good, the contrast it. he t;Zs u- ceaselessly ; on the spur »»«1 lShTelf "> mm«y- Ibough re- tirical he » 10 proud, and not a little woman flT w mJn be P888ionately loved ®aosch tho a .d fa8Cmationa won him easily allianpo ® 8 wealthy stockbroker. | OarW I3 dl8La8tefl to the pride of well- 1 r'?e to thAi j Pe?pl0 like their doctor to f®e-aud.thiZ iFa bl9 brougham — he was 6 thouakf- „ j' romance of his life was over, gat' and 80 he let money buy him. That JVP»; ®EIHEBS AKD THE GOVKBNESS. I1®06! Cari»nD®' Wltb bl9 8ilont step and stately 0Hann eau ran UP the stairs of a house in Dll8iounced. ent8red itB Saudy drawing- sevfrX6 BQced up from her embroidery, black hi; j 0me' about five-and-twenty, ®i and Bo J/j ,6' aa ladies say, a l'lmpera- j®WelIefy rr crinoline, white moire, and 8 Masons ,oria Oosmetique. One of like a DpTu know them, I dare say — who » and m, l aaiD6t matrimony carved in itoarry m . 086 awful brows is written : " If l;?8 l'Opera,8ilr,yOU '.give aP latch keys, Epsom, r' M bfi'i00 j&rtle8;' and all the cognac of with," ne down into a model husband inaojj8' hilip," Bhe said, without Son. M billing as a nor'-weater across kuo hefoiT iZ am» Honoria, but I couldn't get » Upeuri j erfully P"6 " Your practice has increased ft hto » V inJbe 8Wered simply, leaning his arm hjLical iho 6<!x i-nre nous, sir, I often ttcusethi u6 dehiou8ly easy, incontro- <L 't warn a 7a Te 1 their " practice" when T\ do 8 thing.) V 10Dg pause. He broke it. "Town soon?" now yu g to Muddy brook I you take some coffee P" I- shall he n«?nfkyU" 1 hope you Hlke to hear ucartherc too. Du Plat has asked me ham m 10 cousins the Ohippen- I.uklcanget away; he promises me toMuddytek."nd Monk8fcone 18 very cloBe Co8mctique froze a little harder. " You chosen sSk60 Muddyk, Philip, had you I should w be 8aP10 nver runs through both, ' fishinw ' wwL luagloed your only attraction, Monksfone T? have been as good there as at for -V y have 8Uch a Patrician disgust allv vAiif' iv B a pi'y yoQ fihould condescend to Z tv. to a stockbroker's daughter." d- _„a7e no difgust for trade, but I have a great disgust formenwho, like your Muddy brook host, have enriched themselves with the ruin of others and try to gloss over vulgarity by pretention. I have no right to dictate your father's friends, but I have a right ts dictate whether they shall become mine, replied Oarlyon, haughtily. " But come, Honoria, I am tired to-night ; I want rest, not quarrelling. I wsb up all last night with an anxious case, and have been about in the heat to day till I am weary and worn to death, and when I come here, where I hoped for a little sympathy and quiet, I am received with nothing but hinted reproaches and covert sneers. I had better have stayed at home with my pipe and a book ; there, at least, if there fee no happiness, there is no wrangling. By heaven ! if my life is to be no thing but toil abroad and bickering at home, I wish I had died in poor Montresor's stead at Scutari !" So unwonted a burst from Carlyon touched the very small germ of kind feeling in Miss CoBme- tique s chill and dignified soul. Bfone knew him without becoming more or less fond of him. Poor Philip," she said, with a gentler in tonation, as she looked at his pale, handsome, haughty face. Carlyon bent forward and kissed her forehead —certainly I can't say with much love-like ardour — and sank back on the sofa with a Bigh as much of mental as of bodily fatigue. "Carlyon, my friend,, you made a fool of your self to-night," said he to himself, as he smoked his last pipe before turning in. " Shut the door on all that boyish nonsense about sympathy, aud peace, and happiness ; it's all bosh for you to talk so. You've been alene all your life, and alone you always will be. Your fate is to work and make money, not to sentimentalise— you haven't time for it. Your destiny's settled, an abs only would quarrel with it ; bo put away regrets, they're very dangerous, and think of the tin and the brougham, and the nice easy life money will bring you. You ought to be a happy fellow, Philip Carlyon — why ain't you ?" With which query to himself Carlyon put his pipe out and went to bed. A few days afterwards he went down to Monk- stone. " Keat trap that— showy grey ! TruBt old Chip for horseflesh," murmured Du Plat at the station, surveying with critical glance the dog- cart sent to meet them. " How are you, Robert ? How's Katie ? Shot any poaohers ? When's the wedding ?" Robert grinned — Katie, the still-room maid, was his future : " Thank'ee, sir — quite well, sir — haven't shot nene, sir, took two — and it's on Christmas Day, sir." " All right, I'll come down on purpose to kisB the bride. Jump up, Lion. Don't the country look jolly after six months of drums and crushes, and club windows and bouquet d'Ess atmosphere ? 'Pon my life, it's quite 'refreshing — like soda water after one's last night's w:ne." " Yes ; thrushes and hedgerows are pleasant after squares and cook-sparrows. I confess I rather long for my first day of jack-fishing. But for all that," continued Carlyon, lighting a weed, " if country air be purer for the body, London air's rather stronger for the mind ; and I like suc- pAflrHrxx in a critical case still hetter than hnnkincr a three-pound trout." " All very well, my luminary of St. George's, so that you don't chloroform me, I don't care. By Jove !" cried Du Plat, "here's a tolerable-looking little girl. Pretty, ain't she ?" Carlyon put up his glass. " What a wild head, what breadth of shoulder, what good action," he muttered, admiringly. The two they apostrophised passed them in a narrow lane. The mare was a chesnut, three-parts thorough-bred, fifteen hands high, with straight neck, slender legs, and coat like satin. The rider a girl, quite youug, with gold-brown hair, large brilliant eyes, and a mignonne air, half-dashing, half- childlike. She wore a coquettish Spanish hat, a sky-blue tie, and a black habit. She glanced merrily at them, shook her bridle, and cantered past. " Who's that, Robert?" asked DuPlat. " Please, sir, that's Miss Wyndham." "Wyndham? Wyndham? why the devil, Lion, that's the name of the governor's heiress." " This one, sir, is oncommon rich, I have heerd say. A good many tin mines down somewhere in the south, sir," responded Robert. Leicester groaned audibly. " Heaven preserve us ! It's the identical girl. Does she live near here, Robert?" " She is staying at our house, is Miss Wynd ham, sir." "Oh Phil!" whispered poor Da Plat. "It's fate ; it's all up with me I knew it is. She'll make horrid love to me, and I shall give in. I never can say No' to a woman ; and " " You'll have a capital stud," laughed Carlyon. " Think of the tin mines, my dear fellow, and be practical and philosophic for once in your life. Here we are. Mind the gate-posts ; all right." Monkstone Court was a sturdy pile of incon gruous architecture, calculated to drive Mr. Ruskin mad, but to rejeice the heart of us bar barians, who like a comfortable bachelor's room, a good billiard-table, and a nice wide sweep for a deux temps , better than all the styles and orders, with Doric, Gothic, and Ionian technicalities. Its owner, Sir Godfrey Chippenham, better known in the country as " Turnip Chip," from his marvellous swedes, was quite in keeping with it j neither literary nor scientific, political nor fashionable, but a jolly, generous, good-hearted ; sporting man. He was out at the petty sessions, and Carlyon and Du Plat found only Lady Chippenham and a young girl in the drawing-room. The latter was sitting in the window, making paper boats for a couple of little Chips. She, too, was a Windham, but spelt with an " i," as she afterwards made them observe; tall, handsome as an Andalusian, with a Spanish form and beauty, and something half-pride, half-melancholy, in her dark eyes. « By George, what a stunning girl !" murmured Du Plat, lounging over to her in the free-and-easy manner of his set— the fast men, whose ways and slang, cutaways and wide-awakes, would cause suoh aeute agony to Brummell, or Alvanley, 'or Edgeworth, if we could resuscitate the dandified ghosts of those worthies. " Will you take me out fithing, Lethter?" asked one of the boys of Du Plat. "Certainly, Bertie," rejoined Du Plat, with great amiability, to find favour in Miss Windham's eyes; "and you shall catch a whole stickleback for the nursery dinner. Inez Windham looked up and smiled. " Do not let my little pupil fall headlong into the Alder, as he did the other day. Town is quite empty, I suppose, aB you have left it for Monk- stone ?" " Pupil ! Oh, hang it, she can't be the governess," thought Du Plat, as he answered, " Quite. Not a lounger in the bay-window, or a Park hack in the ride. Piccolomiui has a respite, and so have the Crystal Palace waiters. In the district 'W., as they now style it, all is barren, and the pave of Pali Mall is as hot as the sands of Sahara." " Town is disagreeable," she replied, when the few, who are everybody, are off ; and the million, who are nobody, stay to work." " Town disagreeable ! Ob, Inez ! how can you say so ? It's the most charming place in the world. The lots of people one sees are fun enough. Don't you know what Jekyll says ? If he had to. live in the country he would pave the road before his house, and have a hackney-coach to drive up and down on it, to make believe it was London.' " Carlyon, chatting with Lady Chippenham, turned in surprise at the glad laughing voice which greeted his ears, and saw, balancing herself on the French window-step, and swinging her black hat, the little Die Vernon. " Come in, Leila," said Lady Chip, a pretty, ddlCfltfi wnman mnf.YiOH nf air small mala niiir>o The girl shook her head, laughed, and ran off. "Not till I am en grande tenue. Since I left Sir Godfrey I have taken two gates and a staken-bound fence, not to mention ditches innu merable." " What a strange little thing, but very graceful and attractive," mused Carlyon, "She the heiress ! She is scarcely out of the school-room. Du Plat will have neither eyes, nor taste, nor sense, if he does not take her." "I say, Phil, she's the governess," said Lei cester, coming into his chum's room while Carlyon was dressing. " Who ?" " Who ? Blockhead ! why that superb Spanish creature, of course." " Well, why shouldn't she be ?" " The devil take you, Lion, how prosaic you are. What ! a woman of that style, that beauty, that age , a governess ? Preposterous !" " I don't see it at all. There is no particular reason why she shouldn't impart instruction well because she happens to be good-looking." " Impart instruction ! Good Lord deliver us from philosophy and platitudes. Fancy that girl teaching the little brutes their ABC, hearing ihe multiplication-table, and setting roundhand copies ! " . " Useful, if not interesting." " But, good Heavens ! she can't be twenty." " Very sad if she has to support herself so soon ; but at the same time no affair of ours," said Philip, smiling, as he brushed his handsome black whiskers. " Don't be romantic, my dear Dupe. Think of the tin mines, and keep out of the schoolroom." " The tin mines !" repeated Du Plat, with in tense scorn. <( I wouldn't marry that little heiress — no ! not if the governor forbid me, and I can't picture a stronger motive. Marry money ! Not I, old fellow." Carlyon shrugged his shoulders. " Comme vous voudrez . If you fancy the cap and bells, far be it from me to dissuade you, mon c7ier ; but Chicot's role would not be to my taste. There goes the gong." 4< Thfl ffOVAfnMR rflflAft fhaf.'a oil " — o — J w thought Du Plat, crossing over to where she sat, while Carlyon, leaning on the mantelpiece, looked up as the little heiress entered, a Fay Oriande, in tulle illusion, with flowers Puck himself might have gathered in her shining hair. As she gave him a pretty French rSverence , and a bright, un affected glance, Carlyon Bmiled and bowed with that winning grace and fascination which did such damage among his lady patients. I don't know whether he knew it or not, but Carlyon's smile was a very effective weapon, and had cured many a fair invalid of a migraine only to give incurable disease of the heart. It now seemed to charm Leila Wyndham, for she held up a King Charles she carried, with its paws in an attitude of prayer, and asked him if he liked dogs. , Carlyon assured her that he liked everything in zoology, spoke of his dog Pluck, a Skye, he held in higher estimation than any other living thing, and told her of his pets — his monkey, cockatoo, Persian cat, bellises, dianthuses, serpulae, trogs, and madrepores. " And where are they all ?" asked Leila. " At home — in town." " You live in London ? Oh ! how I envy you. Don't you enjoy it ?" " No, I can't say I do particularly." " Not ? What do you do there, then ?" Carlyon smiled. " Work myself like a cab- horse all day long, get home an hour too late for dinner to find cold soup aud overdone meat, bring all my energies to bear on a difficult case, only ten to one to be blamed for tbe issue, go to sleep every night with the pleasant conviction that I may be called up at any minute — that iB my life. Do you see much enjoyment' in it ?" " I see much that is noble and useful in it, and, therefore, a certain amount of enjoyment," answered the young lady, decidedly. " The vocations of all men whose lives are of any value to their generations entail on them an amount of toil aud self-sacrifice. Be the end fame, money, position, whatever it may, it cannot be attained without the surrender of some leisure and some comforts. Neither riches nor reputation will come to a man who folds his handB to slumber and dozes in his arm-chair. Were I you, I should glory in conquering death, to say nothing of the good you do." " Good ? Not at all," laughed Philip. " I am only getting money. I assure you I am very glad to have no good to do, and to be able to sleep with out fear of hearing the night-bell. Money is the sole lover now-a-days, Misb Wyndham. It wakes all the eloquent phillippics from the pulpits, and prompts all the holy zeal in the missionary papers. It wins forensic talent to the defence of the guilty, and buys a conscience as easily as a commission or a borough. It makes an eminent Christian' as quickly as it erects a gin- palace, and tempts a bishop's virtue with the .same bait that lures a burglar. We are no better than our fr1! Why should we be ? Medical men new - . Lena to be the pharisees of the English synagogue, and our benevolence usually corresponds to the amount of the fee we receive." " There's plenty of truth in all that, no doubt," said the little heiress, meditatively. " People's own interest are usually the guide for their con duct. But I fancy that though you would make yourself out a terrible egotist, still, unlike the generality, who delight in belying others, you take pleasure in belying yourself." Carlyon laughed. He felt pleased to be read more truly by this five minutes acquaintance than by friends he had known for years. " Well, of the many men I knew at St. George's, one died of cholera at Scutari, another was shot down in the trenches, another of consumption, brought on by the dissecting-rooms, a fourth from the virus he got into his hand at a post-mortem, a fifth from low fever from distress at his failure in four consecutive delicate operations, which, if successful, would have established his reputation. Of myself I say naught, but do you suppose we run all these risks for anything but our own interests — for any other reason than the hope of putting guineas in onr pockets ?" Leila lifted her eyebrows and looked disgusted. " You might put a rather more exalted motive — love of science and desire for fame ! But you may say what you like, I don't believe your soul is shrined in money bags." "Pray, why not?" asked Carlyon, highly amused. "You have not lived very long to learn to study character." " Intuition is as good as study sometimes," said Leila indignantly. " I go by physiognomy, and I know at once a face noble and true." Carlyon but for courtesy would have laughed outright ; the compliment was so candid. Dinner was served. Jack Huntley, a man in the Fusiliers, gave the heiress his arm, Carlyon, to ms uiBgusc, naa to tsfce a Mrs. Edgehul, who waB staying at Monkstone, a lively little woman separated from her husband, and much happier -since the separation than before it- Philip lapsed into his grand hauteur, felt unreasoning but un conquerable hatred for Huntley, thought him an insufferable puppy, and wondered how women could tolerate that style of man. Carlyon conse quently got satirical and severe, and electrified the table with his brilliant cutting and slashing at everything and everybody — at Palmerston and Louis Napoleon, John Bright and street organs, popular preachers and crino line, Puseyism and the perambulator nuisance. No matter what, he satirised everything with wit as keen as Talleyrand's, till he caught Leila's bright eyes fixed admiringly on him from behind the epicure, when he dashed into a fire of repartee with her ; after which his spirits were so good that poor unoffending Jack Huntley voted that doctor " a splendid fellow— -a regular brick, and no mistake." In the evening, while the governess (no rela tion, they found, to the heiress) sang bravuras in an artistic contralto voice, and Du Plat hung over her, enraptured, Carlyon sat himself down beside the heiress on a vis-a-vis sofa, and chatted that quiet, clever, charming chat that wrought him half his cures, and won him half his reputa tion. They talked of zoophytoiogy, of literature, of Comte's Positivism, and all the other " isms," of Gosse's discoveries, and Bulwer's novels, and Carlyon found the little heiress could talk with a wit, a depth, and an originality such as he had scarcely hoped for with her girlish exterior. He found at last a young lady who was neither affected nor superficial, who had read a good deal and thought for herself, who could argue, aud reason, and fence with him with his favourite weapons of wit and of logic ; and somehow Carlyon thought of Honoria Cosmetique as he retired to rest that night, and indulged himself with a few not over mild oaths at hiB destiny, and pondered much why the useful and agreeable hadn't been com bined in the stockbroker' s daughter as they were in this bewitching little heiress. — " Bentley's Miscellany." (to be continued.) 