: P:K A :S T' A N J . AA'ITII TUB I'lioors TUBnEOF OUT" ' OF ' I'UE ; : ' .schir'ruKEs, IN Avoiros 'X'r LENOTH. ' \Ye recommend our readers to keep aiid.put together this series for use iu' their' fauiilios Puuoatohy. ; . Q. What is pui'gatory according to Itolue 7 A. A placo of,; torment, ; Avliere those who die in venial sin, .or :Avho liavo .uot paid the temporal punishment' of sin, expiate tlioiri guilt, , pre.vions ;tD their being, ailuiitted, into; heaven'. i-Seo Pius IV.CleedNo.G... j I,' . Q; . ,Ori what two , false pillars does purgatory rest-? : ... ; , //z ,.)"i! c., . '! i A, Tho diatiiiotion; of sin ' into:: vohial , arid muitai, tiiu V'vvuiiuiiig lUlu lomporai puuisu inouAofrS beyond the grave. I . - j ! v,i|>..jaiijjAVi-ai'''. xvxaiii V.-' oaniiocprovo ..purgatory,'!/ .. . >,.h> Matt v. 25, 2G-Agrco Avith thine adversary quickly, Avhiles thou art in'tho'AVay-Avith'him, lest, at any tiiuo ; the adversary fdbliA'cr theb to the judge, and; the judge deliver! the® to 'the ollieer, and thou be east into' prison. . Verily i say , unto :thee, thou shalt byliio; means come out thence, till thou hast paid : tho : uttermost farthing. , A. (1) Tlie suiiier is in the case of tlie debtor Avho has nothing wheroAvith to . pay his debt. Ho must, therefore remahiih the prison forever. ,(2) .The Doiiay , Bible quotes texts to show that tlio Avord. '.tiil;" -may Mjc apidied to. a timo that .-Ayill haA';o,ho; end, ,and consequently that it is . not ahvays :api)lied :to. .a time that aauU have nil end, . and: epnsequeutly .that it is - not ahvays applied to a dofinite time. From this it folloAvs that the jdebtor, who:;is to.rcmaih in prison , ' till . .lie ; pay,, the . uttermost farthing, may ,reinain;tliei;c for oA'er.ii / " ; « I am .till. you groAV old.'.': Who diire. infer, says .the, Doiiay Bible,, in a iiote' 011 MattheAV i. 25, that. God; should cea.se to be'/ , . / 1 ! l: .Q; , "\Yhat sayiyoii iqioii Matt xii.'32'/ ' ' ....r;Matt,,;-xiii 32-4.And AvhosoeA'cri speakbth'' a AA'oi'd against tho Sou of iMan; ;it sliaU be for- i giyeu liiiu .ijbut.Avhosoever spoaketh against tho Holy. Gligst,' it sliaU not bo forgiA'bii him, neither ill this . Avorld,. neither in the Avorld to comeii- ; A.; Clirist speaks of tlie sill against the Holy Gliost, AvliicIi hatli never forgiveness, « aiid the ! expression is merely a strong statement of that truth. It "cannot prove that sin is forgiven in :thc .next .world:; because tho sinner cannot come out: of .prison, till, he has ."paid the uttermost farthing. "6 If payment is to be. made in pur- vgatory,; there is . nothing to he forgiven in the , Avorld to come ! , . . ; a Mark iii. 29— But he. that shall blaspheme .against the Holy. Ghost hath never fcrgivciiess. Init is m danger of eternal diuhnation; 'b' i - : ''7; Matt. V. 25 — Sec previous question. Q. , What say you oil 1 Cor. iii. 13-15 ? 1 (i/or. iii. 13-15 — Evci-y man's work shall be made manifest : for the day shall declare it, because lit shall be revealod by fire; and the fire shall try every ui.an's work of what sort it isj ' If any man's work .abide which ho hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's avork shall be burned, he shall suffer loss : -but he himself shall be saved; j'et so as by fire. A. (1) If this passage referred to purgatory, it ayouid prove that "every" m.in must go there, which is not the doctrine of the Church of Ilomc. (2) The fire is said to try, not to purify, whereas the Eomisli doctrine is that the lire purifies. (3) The Apostle i-afers to the work of ministers, not to the u'orks of Chris tians in gener.al. If the minister's "wOrk abide if those whom he has admitted to the dmrch be found sincere, he will rejoice in the 'day of account, when the fire of judgment is .applied ; but if they prove to be not sincere, he :ot11 suffer loss — lose his anticipated joy in them. What is the me.aning of 1 Peter iii. 18-20? 1 Peter iii 18-20 — For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, th.at he anight biang us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit. By which also he went and preached unto the .spirits in prison. Which sometime Avere dis obedient, Avhen once the long-suffering of God Avaited hi the days of Hoah, Avhile the ark av.as iv preiiaring, wherein few, th.at is, eight souls, Avore saved by Avater. A. (1) It c.annot refer to purg<atory, for the antediluviansbeingdisobedientor "incredulous, " as saith the Douay translation, died in mortal sin.. Those guilty of incredulity, ormoitalsin, acoordmg to Kome, go to tlie jnisou of jhell. (2) Christ aa'.as " quickened by the Spirit, by Avhich also lie Avent and preached unto the spirits in prison." It was by the Holy Spirit in Noah that Christ preached to them. Hence Noah is called "a preacher of righteousness. "a (3) The prison means either the prison of sin, in which the antediluvians Avere held Avhilein life, Avheii No.ali preached to them ; or the -Xmson of hell, in Avhich they Avere Avhen Peter wrote. « 2 Peter ii. 5 — And spared not the old world, but saved Noah, the eighth person, a ipreacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly. . ..Q; What are the pretensions of the Church of Rome as to the relief of souls in purg.atory ? (A. She teaches that she c.an shorten their punislunent by indulgences and m.asses. ..:Q. Hoav do Romanists olitain indulgences ? tA. By the pei'formance of cert.ain actions — the offering of certain prayers, and by connexion Avith ceitain sodalities or societies ; those, for examiile,- of "the Scapular," "the cord of St. iFrancis," "the Sacred Hc.art," and by Labour ing. for the perversion of Protest.ants. . I . Q. How are masses to be obtained ? I. Ai -ymoucy. The more the money — the .more .tiro benefit, and thus the rich, according (to.theiChureh of Rome, have great adv.antages over, the poor. . .jliiQ. How does the cruelty of the priesthood appear in this resiject ? v- ,. A. They pretend to possess the poAver o'f relieving souls in purgatory, and yet they only offer masses in proportion to the amount jiaid. .mQ.' How do the poor endeavour tomakepro- : .vision in. order to secure the offering up of masses ior the dead ? ,A. They form "piirgatorian societies," in which they pay a certain amount Aveekly, vainly hoping that the various sums Avill be put to their account in the spiritu.al bank of purg.atory, opened by the priests. Q. Cau the priests positively s.ay Avhat amount of' niasses Avill satisfy for the deliverance of sopls in purgatoi'y ? A. No. . They do biot even pretend to do this. They cannot say Avheu the soul leaves jiurga- i.tory,, , Q. In what light, then, do you regard tliis system?' A. As making merch.andise of souls, and as a system, of trickery and deceit. , . : If! 1 Q.i Having seen that purgatory is without (.authority in Scripture, in what respect is it con- .jtrato. Scripture? : -A,'i"A.. In tlie first place, it contradicts the Scrip ture doctrine" of complete salvation in Christ, r.i .John v. 24— He that lieareth my Avord, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall hot come into condenuiation ; but is ; passed from death unto life. \ Rom. viii. 1 — There Sis therefore noAV no con- .demnation to them Avhich are Oljist Jesus, Avho Avalk not .after the flesh, but after the ? Spirit. : .M Rom. A'iii. 33— Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifietli ; 34 Who is he that condonuiptli? It is Christ ! that died, yea rathci-, that is risen|again, Avho is 1 even at the right hand of God, Avho also m.akoth ,,i intercession for us. Ephes. i. 7 — In whom Ave have redemption -.-through his blood, the forgiveness of sins ; . according to the riches of his grace. .iiiplies. iv. 32 — And be ye kind one to another, 'tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as I God- for Cluist's sake h.ath forgiveo you. ,ii J Colos. ii. 13 — And yon, being dead in ymfr itsins and the uncirctimcision of your flesh, hath .. he > quickened together Avith him, having for- given you all trespasses. I,. Heb. i. 3 — lo, being the brightness of his . glory, and the express image of Ins person, and upholding all things by the word of his poAVer, , when he had by himself purged our sins sat dlowu oii the right hand of tho Majesty on high. 1 Jphn i. 7 — But if wc Av.alk in the light, fis he is in the light, avo h.ave felloAVship one Avith -another,, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin. . Rev. vii. 14 — And I said unto him. Sir, thou . knowest. And he said to me. These are they which come out of gi-eat tribulation, and have f jvashed their robes, and m.ade them Avhite in .the blood of the Lamb. : Q. . In Avhat turthor respect is purgatory con- i.trary. to Scripture ? \- A. It contradicts the Scripture doctrine, that ' When the believer dies, his soul goes inunediately into heaven. >:! .Luke xxiii. 43— And Jesus s.aid unto him, Verily I say unto thee, to-day shalt thou be with me in paradise. -2 . Cor. :v. 1 — For Ave kuoAV, that, if our earthly bouse of this tabernacle were dissolved, Ave have a building of God, an house not made Avitli hands, eternal in the heavens. 2 Cor. A'. 8 — We .are confident, I say, .and AvUling r.ather to be .absent from tlie body, .and to be present AA'ith the Lord. Philip i. 21, 23 — For to nic to live is Christ, and to die is g.ain. For I .am in a str.ait betAvix"b tAVO, having a desire to dep.art, and to be Avitli Christ ; Avliich is far better. Eoa'. xiv. 13 — And I heard a A'oice from he.aveii saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the .dead wliieli die in the Lord from henceforth ; Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours ; and their Avorks do folloAV them. (To be cont'mied.) 