BEECHWORTH STOCK REPORT. Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. report the fol lowing sales of fat cattle, A-c., at their yards, Bec-ch worth, on Wednesday: — Fat Cattle.— 87 head for Mr O'Donuell, Merriang — bullocks, £5 10s to £G ; cows, £5 iu xo is uu. .-s neau nuuoctts tor .ur iveiiy, at £8 2s GJ. 8 dairy cows for Mr Smith, at £5 5s ; 4 heifers, at £3 5s. Fat Sheep. — 1000 wethers from Murrnm- bidgee — 400 at 12s 4d, 522 at 7s Sd ; 78 ewes at lis 9d. The Kennedy Family. — Mr Kennedy said farewell to his Beechworth friends last even ing ; short as his stay has been, it is no exaggeration to say that ho has made many warm friends, aud that he and his family will be held iu grateful remembrauco for the genuine pleasure they have given to the hun dreds who have thronged to their " twa hours at hame." It is something to be able to forget tbe cares and anxieties with which all are i mere or less beset ; that, Mr Kennedy by His j exquisite humor, his capital stories, aud his excellent manner of telling ihem, has enabled us to do. It is something also to haxre one's memory stirred ; to Lave scones once familiar brought back ; to hear the songs laden with memories of the long, long ago, while there was still poetry iu life ; when the heart's affections were warm, and the future looked bright and fair. Mr Kennedy aud his family, by their admirable rendering of the ever- b.-autiful melodies of the north, raise! the ghosts of faded recollections in the minds of hundreds, whose long residence iu another laud had almost caused them to forget the couutiy of their birth. As wc heard a gentleman remark, not himself a North Briton, but who nevertheless enjoyed the humor and pathos of Mr Kennedy's songs aui descriptions with as keen a relish as anyone from north of the Tweed could have doue, "It's no wonder the Scotch men are enthusiastic." Nor was it any wonder. Most Scotchmen are Jacobites at heart ; that is, they are Jacobites of the heart, not of the head. Far down, deeply hidden iu the re cesses of the national character, is a fund of romance that causes their hearts to In at faster when the songs referring to the unfor tunate and infatuated Stuarts arc sung in their hearing. Keenly as they appreciate tho liberties which were gained by tbe trans ference of tho sceptre from tho bauds of a race which repaid their devotion with thanklessuess and cruelty, there are few Scotchmen who do not feel something mora than regret at the fate of Bonnie Prince Charlie. " Who's mo for Princo Charlie," as sung by Mr Kennedy, and " Will ye no come back again," so sweetly snug by Miss Helen, filled the minds of many with thoughts of the fatal field of CuIIoden, and caused them for a mo ment — lint- only for a moment — to wish that the "lads iu the tartans" had driven back the Butcher aud his dragoons. Mr Kennedy deserves credit for being something more than a good singer and a capital story teller. His remarks explanatory- of the songs, showed an insight into tho national characteristics, an acquaintance with the habits and modes of thought of the people whom lie was describing, and were marked by a discrimination as to the author's meaning, beiokening a well- cultured mind. Mr Kennedy can not only- sing Scotch songs aud tell Scotch stories, but — much rarer gift— he feels aud thoroughly comprehends tbe. feelings tliey express. Mi- David Kennedy sang " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland " in excellent style, and Miss Mar jory's rendering of "Castles in tho Air" was mostwarmlyreceived; hersweet voice, to which the slight touch of Doric lent an additional cliarm, showing to great advantage in the song. " My Bonnie Mary" was very well given by Mr Jas. Kennedy, aud the quarletts and glees were highly appreciated by tho audience. Bill why particularise; the entertainment from be ginning to end was a thorough success. At its close Mr Kennedy paid a high compliment to Beechworth, on account of the intelligent and appreciative audiences he had met, and announced his iulentiou, if spared iu health and strength, to revisit the district iu about eighteen months. At the close, " Auld Lang Svne " was sung with a fervor surpassing any thing wo have ever before witnessed, and the audience separated, sorry that Mr Kennedy's engagements prevented him and his family from giving them another " twa hours." A treat, aud one that will be appreciated, is in store for the people of Stanley this evening. The New Governor. — A Gazette extra ordinary was issued last evening containing a proclamation to tho effect that Sir George Ferguson Bowen had entered upon tho duties of Governor of tho colony of Victoria. Search for Coal. — A correspondent writ ing to the Age from M-Kerlie's Creek, Latrobe Rivc-r, respecting the movement of a coal prospecting party in that locality, says : — " Since I wrote to you last we have packed one ton and a half to Crossover, and it is now on its way to the Collingwood Gasworks, for its quality being tested. It is taken from a seam twelve feet thick, aud every appear ance of getting thicker as we go into the hill. When I made the first report of it I stated if. vcaa laO vards ud and down tbe creelr. lint I find it is about 400 yards along the creek. Wo have takeu this trial from the north side of the creek, and it looks just the same on the south. Attempt to Murder. — A brutal attempt to murder was recently made by a man named John Frost, alias Hallorau, at the Jimberoo Reefs, says the Carcoar journal. It appears that Frost was lodging at a Mrs Downey's, and on the above day a sucking-pig was placed on the table, to which Frost objected saying he would like something better. Mrs Downey told him he could go elsewhere and get it, for she had nothing else to offer him. This seems to have annoyed Frost, for he im mediately left, got drunk, nnd coming back attacked the poor woman with a shovel, nearly cutting her face in two. Dr Spark, in describ- ing tno wound, which is on ner left cheek, says that it exposed the bone, that there were also five distinct blows, the bruises of which appear to have run into each other. They were on the left shoulder, and extended down to the elbow. Mrs Downey was preg nant at the time, the ill-treatment bringing about a premature birth. Frost, who is a vory powerful man, was brought up on Friday, and remanded for a week, his unfor tunate victim being unable to attend t0 gjV6 evidence. Frost had evidently been in the wars, for his face and head was one mass of bruises. On the 27th of December, the same person received a sentence of four days' imprisonment for brutally striking one John Kenny on the head with a stiok. C'nuncH of England. — The Bight Rev Dr Perry, Bishop of Melbourne, who is. now on his annual visitation to this portion of the colony, arrived in Beechworth yesterday. On to-morrow (Friday) evening, the Bishop will administer the rite of confirmation at Stanley, and, on Snnday, will preach at Christ Church, Beechworth. Sales at Oxley. — Messrs Alexander Toue and Sen will sell at Oxlev, to-morrow (Friday), on account of Mr "White, who is relinquishing business, the furniture, stock-in-trade, &c.;, of the Exchauge Hotel, Oxley township. On Saturday Mr A. L. Ely will sell, at the farm of tho late Mr Enoch Porter, fat cattle, milkers, store stock, horses, drays, wheat, oats, potatoes, and maize. Costume Cricket Match. — Easter Monday- has been fixed on as the date for the playing of the grand Costume Cricket Match at Beachworth ; and, with favorable weather, the novelty of the sight is certain to attract spectators from all parts of tho disl Seme of the costumes, which we have had the pleasure of inspecting, are of the mostJgorgeous description. Rare ftm may bo expected, in witnessing tbe gambols of plethoric Sir Anthony Absolute, nil gold lace nnd buttons, chasing tho ball, or Bailie Nicol Jarvie wield ing tbe bat, as he did the red-hot poker at the Clacban of Aberfoylc. Micawbsr will lie there waiting for something to tnrn up ; Jem Baggs will tuuo his fiddle, and Amiuid ill Sleek administer pious consolation while the runs are being made. Cricket. — A match has beon arranged to take place between elevens chosen from the Wabgunyah and Waugaratta chilis on the ground of the latter on Saturday ; the match is a return one, and will probably bo amongst the last played this season. Iu connection with the match to ho played between'fiftec-h chosen from the clubs of tho district, and eleven of the East Melbourne Club, a letter has been received in Waugaratta gix-ing tho names of tho eleven who are to take part ; the names arc as follo.vs Messrs Alice, William Campbell, Oarr, Darke, Gaggin Goldsmith, Gibson, Hepburn, Dan. Wilk'f, O. V. iih.-mts, an 1 Wyndam ; emergency men — Kvte and Jennings. Tito match will be played on Saturday and Monday during lit" Easter holidays. Goon Templars. — A special meeting of tho ltieuiijcrs of the Unity Lodge, Independent Order of (rood Templars, will he hold at the Odd Fellows' Hall, Beechworth, this evening. Sali: of the Wellington Claim. — Wo would remind money speculators aud all others interested, that the sale of the Welling ton Gold and Tin Mining Company's claim, El Dorado, the whole of the machinery, mining plant-, Ac., with two and a half tons black sand, will take place on the grotiud this day (Thursday). As the claim, iu spite of the misfortunes thai have attended the company, is believed to he an excellent property, we trust to see it fall into lite hands of local men who will so work it as to make it profitable both to themselves and the locality. Farewell. — At a special sorvic - hold in the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, last evening, the members of the emigrogalion took farewell of their umch-cs'.c inicd minister, tho Rev. .T. Waterhense, who iu accordance with tho rules of tho denomination, has beon transferred by tbe Coef. Tencc t> a new sphere of labors. After the usual devotional exercises, Messrs J. 1'. D.tlton and J. I.. I'owrn, circuit stewards, presented the rev. gmtieman with a lcttir that had boon received from the committee of management of the Ovens Di-tiri'l Hospital, acknowielging the receipt <i £20 — money that had beon subscribed for ft testimonial to the Rev. Mr Walerhottse, but which he had desired should he bestowed in such a manner as would benefit his feiiow-nicn, nnd announc ing that his name had boon placed on the list of life-governors of the institution. Iu delivering the letter, both genl'enie-u made n few appro priate remarks relative to the disintcrestc Iness that had been shown by the lL-v. Mr Water- house iu dccliutng to receive any personal testimonial, aud nferrc.l iu terms of warm praise to the value of his services. Afterwards tho members of tlie eonorei'ition DCi-nniUW- took farewell of their pastor. The Rev Mr Waterhouse.Ueaves Beechworth for Yiolc-iTown en route for Ballarat, the scene of his future la bors, this afternoon. On behalf of the com munity amongst whom lie has so long dwelt, we most cordially wFh Mr Waterhouse hon and future prosperity. Apart front the good ho has accomplished iu Lis sacred calling, Mr Waterhouse has ever been earnest in endeavoring to benefit his fellow-men. B.v precept and example lie has rescued many from a downward career, ami has induced the thoughtless and improvident — ami many who were neither — to make provision for themselves iu their old age, and their families after death. An earnest advocate of life as surance, he has at great trouble and consider able expense Placed its advAntnon before tbe residents iu all parts of the districts, not for the sake of personal gain, hut out of pure good will towards his f c 1 1 o \v -creatures. In fine, the carec-r of Mr Waterhonso in the tbe Ovens district has been that of a gentle man and a Christian -the highest praise that wo or anyone can bestow. Jn speaking thus, wc a--e actuated by no desire to flatter the rev. genii- mm, for we are well awaro that nothing could be more dis tasteful ; wo simply express our honest convictions, founded on our knowledge of many acts of kindness done by him to wards persons in no way connected with the denomination to which he ludongt. Wre will uot do Mr Waterhouse the injustice of bestow ing words of praise at the expense of olliers, but still we may Fay that if his example were more generally followed in living religion, instead of indulging iu mere empfv phrases less would be heard about tho unbelief of tho age. An Escape and Ex-capture. — Some com- \r/>C AArtneirtiTftil i.\ of Spring Creek, Beechworth, yesterday, by tlie sight of a naked man, brandishing a large stick, making his way towards Beechworth, ns if from the vicinity of tho Lunatic Asylum. Attracted probably by tho sight of the barrels in the yard, tlie man made his way into tho premises of Mr George Lyon, aud took up his quarters in the soda water manufactory. Mr Lyon, who at once suspected that lie was a runaway lunatic, asked him to take a glass of lemonade, and to sit down and have a chat. Tho man explained, iu a somewhat incoherent manner, that he had been an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum, and that being out in tlie grounds with one of the working parties ho had taken the opportunity to get into the scrub aud make his escape, stripping off his nlbtlies to expedite his flight. Brandish- ing his stick, lie confidentially informed Mr Lyon that his love for his new- found liberty- was so strong that he felt it incumbent to brain tho first man wlio attempted to interfere with him. Mr Lyon soothed him by informing him that he was in perfectly safe quarters, but as it was rather cold in the manufactory, ho bad better have a blanket to QOVfir bim, until some clothes could be pro cured. The lunatic quietly assented, supped his lemonado, at tho same time keeping careful hold of tho stick. A messenger was despatched by Mr Lyon, who found the at tendants searching for tho runaway ; clothes were brought, and tho unfortunate creature was conveyed back to his old quarters, guarded by a posse of attendants. Change in Mails. — Another change, as will be seen from the time-table, which we else where publish, has taken place in the time of the arrival and departure of the mails. Sudden Death. — A case of very sudden death, from heart disease, occurred at Wangaratta, yesterday, Mr George Heath- cote, a comparatively young man, aged 84, whilst walking along Murphy- street, fell down, apparently seriously ill ; he was at once removed to a house close at hand, where he almost immediately expired. Temperance News. — Always a well- con ducted journal, albeit inclined to regard every thing from oue point of view, fresh vigor has been receully infused into the management of the Temperance News. Amongst other well- written articles is one on " Wife- beating," in which it is takeu for granted that the cowardly brutes who "amuse" themselves by torturing women, are invariably under tho influence of intoxicating drinks. Undoubtedly, this de scriptiou of crime is often the result of intern- pernii -e ; men maddened by drink give vent F> their villiauotls passions iu brutaliy mal Sr. v.' dug those whom t hey are sworn to protect ; bui, on the other hand, there are numerous cases where the crime is the result of inuate brutality — and, perhaps, the worst instances of the milireatineut of women that have over came under our observation were perpetrated by a man of saber and temperate habits. From a recent insolvency in Beechworth, the News thus endeavors to point a moral aud adorn a tale: — "Insolvency notices are not generally of that class of literature that may he called festive iu its character. There are points of interest in them sometimes ; for instance the following: — ' Joseph Duncan, stonemason, Beechworth, late publican ; cause of insolvency — having been deceived as to the Prince of WaDs being remunerative.' If Mr Dimes;: means morally, it is difficult to cou- ceive ho.v he could have been deceived in the m it:er. It was a simple question of ' what shall i" pr.-iit a man.' Ac. But, of course Mr !>. m. a:.i ;-u:-.m'ui:y. Well, even this (from !i i.-u'ii'.i!- point o." view) is refreshing. It's a .onipiioi-.-n: 1 1 the teetotallers of Beechworth, and, ii- u'-lle-s, has convinced Mr Duncan tint; ho w. i:'.; have beeu bettor to liav stuck to liie i> : a ;-n ; bu-iuoss. which is remunerative ton 1, n: her thauii.ave gone into that puiiiug- (l-i.i i: iiiiu-jos-s which is uiu'i munerative to all." i a.NA'l I INS TO THE ClIARITAULE INSTITUTIONS. — Mr Kennedy, vim has had so 1-irgJ a :noa.-i:ri' of suectss ill Beechworth, has uot Men uomiu'iful o: the local charities. Cheques i e- .L'ti Hud £2 in aid of the fnu-ls of the Ovens Di-i io; .iospital, and Ovens Benevolent A-yi no. icsp et-.Teiv, have been hinde-i by li i :n to .T, Cunningham to be forwarded to the.r <: 'Slm.ahou. " The Austii.uivn Journal." — Readable, .;o-! on ii, who:, a very fair specimen of the 1 1 i-s ot Ir.eraiure it represeuts mt the ni.;!itsi, to any in.'au--, but still calculated to h.v.o :i b.u;eli:iul, if not ail elevating effect. F.iNcaii gave it us his opinion that it was b -tier to light on tnv side, than not to tight a: all ; so wc consider that any description of reading — if not aliogether vile — is better bv far flian a total ttr.acqnaiutanco with letters. Tim .! nstraliaii Jiitrual meets tbe require ments of a class who do not care for any other kin-1 of ivuling, and if its tales and sioru-s. are i:n: arrays in ino uiguesi sevie o; art, :hev contain miking to excite the baser ji.i-s . 7o;:s, or to cad a blush to the cheek of innocence. Tno number for April is of a rather superior description, and contains a coniimuti-ju of Marcus Clarke's novel, "Long Odd.-: ;" the " Castaway," a well-written tale, de-ciij-livo of tbe career of one of that class, wlio. with a good education, superior abilities, and other advantages, sinks lower aud lower iu the social scale tlrougli the vice of intem perance, until lie ends ft career, which at its dawn seemed of fair promise, in a suicide's grave; the "Death Grip," "Adventures in the Au-iralian Basil ; " and a number of other t ties, besides a good deal of valuable information are to be found iu its pages. O'l'muM — Now that tho vintage has been nearly completed, the ravages caused by the Vl Uum are more plainly apparent. Some of the vig ic-ron.i whose crops have been badly affected will no I Lave ono tithe of their usual qnanti'iy of wine, while in oilier cases tho viol ago will lm from one-half to one-fourth lesathau in ordinary years. One noticeable f<;..'u :- ::: connection with the prevalence of tiii; pi.sl is tb il. in some cases, if not grne- nd';;.', 7.-. r iv. gas have been most severe where the natural drainage is defective. One vine- gro:-r in the vicinity of Beechworth has assu.e'i a-, that in those portions of his viue yari when, tiie subsoil is porous, and where, l he re f 're, i. is impassible for water to accumu- I.ile, i" t- a symptom of oTdiura was visible ; while in other portions of tlie ground, the soil of which is a stiff impervious clay, the who'e of the vines wero badly affected. Yiue- growr-rs i ugbt to look to this, and compare notes T.i tho subject, aud if it be found that tho diie.-s: ..s c:e:i<?r.illy been most severe upon b id!y- >t.ii,ed lend-, a remedy may easily bo f.inn-1. Most cf the vineyards in the neigh- borho »! of Beechworth are planted on slopes, bnt al thong': the drainage on the surface is porfo<-t.-r -iocs not at all follow that the same is tlie or-- willi the subsoil, and that stagnaut water docs nat lodge at the roots of the vines. As Li - is a matter of great importance to numbers oi persons who have embarked t-hc-ir capiit! in the vine-growing business, steps sIk-uU bo taken to have it properly investi gator!. R-f-rring to oTdium in the Geelong district, tho local journal says : — " In these days of oidium it is somewhat consoling to her tint there has been one excep- t;o", at least, ta tho general rule. Mr A. Mn-.l; a, of B :lmont, v/ho won the prize for hhid; games at the recent exhibition, has made -w. m-it-h wine and sold as many grapes as he ?ii in 1872. He noticed that wherever s vine in hi: vinnyard was affected bv the oMitmi. thft iiii.-i.-6 Always fiifule itself apparent on the N.\V . side of the vino, aud never on the south side. Of course it S radii lv spread around, hut before it had done this ho hid gnt.ho.ved all his grapes. His fruit trees have :«l.-o b:en slightly affected by oidium. Strange to say, Mr Burkkart's viue- yavd, which is on'v ah-.nt a quarter of a mile from Mr MaekenzVs, has been so severelv attache 1 by the disease that ho will only make seven hogsheads this, as compared with thirty- eight hogsheads last year." Benalla.— The Rev. Robert C. Flockkart, of Melbourne, will preach in the Recliabitc Hall, Benalla, next Sunday, morning and evening. On the following day Mr Floekart and family will proceed by special coacli to Beechworih, and will take charge forthwith of the Beechworth 'Wesleyan Church, and as sume the oversight of all the Wesleyan clmrcliio -£ the Ovens and Murray districts, as successor to the Rev. J. Waterhouse. Mining M, Relative to operations in theDoma a-Eu igi Tribute Company's claim. Cliiltern, the- manager reports, under date 1st April :—" Another trial washing (the fifth) by machine has taken place of waslidirt taken from tho deep grouud, which yielded at the rate of 1 oz. 1 dwt. of gold to the square fathom, or set of timber, showing au increased yield, as against tho last return of five penny weights per square fathom. The quantity of washdirt taken on this occasion amounted to about'twenty-niue aaa three- quarters square fathoms. j Y -/ The New Electoral Act. — It is stated that there is in course of preparatiou at the Registrar-General's department statistical tables to show tho extent of the population in the different divisions of the several shires, boroughs, and road districts, throughout the colouy, aud intended to assist the Govern ment in determining on tho divisions to be adopted in tho proposed Electoral Act, which is to be introduced into Parliament. We may reasonably conclude that it is - intended to make the uew electoral districts fit, in as far as can possibly be managed, with tho present local divisions. Lectures on Temperance. — A course of lectures is announced to be delivered in Beechworth aud other towns of tho district, by Mr J. L. Dow, a gentleman connected with tlie Press, and spoken of as a most talented lecturer. Tlie first lecture will take place in tho Oddfellows' IIiiU, Beechworth, on Friday evening. Housekeeping in New York.— Although tho cost of tlie ordinary articles oi food, especially poultry, is lower in New York than in Loudon, this advauiagc is more than counterbalanced by tho excessively In -h rata of house rent, servants' wages, and clothing, Tho mere ncccss tries of life, such as beef, pork, Hour, vegetables, and coal are ch -apec than in London. For instance, roust. ng beef cau be bought for Sd per lb, flour from i5s to 20s per barrel, vegetables and fruit at a very low rate : but house rent is very high. Patting the city out of the question, the smallest -suburban house would cost £140 a year ; the wages of two servants would amount together to £70 per annum. Tho most seriou-i iumof all is clothing, as a silk walking sub, which would cost hero £10, would cost £20 tkero. Tho experience of sover.li years' iesid nee in New York leads ine to the couchis: u that the cost of living there is exactly d..rJ>.o that of living in England. I would reci n-meud any lady who proposes to reside in New York for any length of time to provide herself with an ample wardrobe before leaving England excepting the simple item of boats, which are much better and more tastefully made iu America, and arc- not dearer there than iu Loudon. Tin-: Planets Inhabited. — Wo have some- thing more than the mere magnitude of the planets to al lege in favor of the idea that they are iuh ib it-.-d. We know that this earth turns round upon itself ; and we observe that all those celestial bodies, t i.u aw ;-.cee-sil>le to such an observation, have move- ment. Wo know that the t-avri: p.-rfor us a yearly revolution round the sun; ; .id we cau detect, in all the planets winch coin ;>>«.> our system, a revolution of the same kind, aud under the same circumstances, a aev have the same agreeable vicissitude . -f sea- sous. To them light an-l darkness suucced each other ; and the gaiety oi sum mer is followed by th.o dreariness of whiter. To each ot them the heavens p,'-.-s:ut as varied and luagnifieont a spectacle, and this earth, the encompassing of whi--h would require the labour of years from one if its puily inhabitants, is but one of tho lesser lights which sparkle in their firmament. To them, as w- -11 as to us, has God ili-. hL-l tho light from the darkness, and lie has railed tin: light day, and the darkness he ids called night. He has said let there he en ;u tho fimmmeut of their heaven, to divid" t : i _ day from the night- ; and let them he for .-'vus, and for seasons, and for days, aud for years; and let them he for lights in the iirm.uaeut of lieaveu. to give light to earth ; and it was so. To all of hem he lias given a sun to rule the day; ml to many of them He lias given moons tf rule the night. To (hem Ho lias made tho stars also. And God jms set iliem in tie firmament of lieaven to givo light upon their earth ; and to rule over tho day and over the night, and divide the light from the darkness, and God has seen that if was good. — Dr. Chalmers. 