GENERAL JVEWS. During tho nine months ended the 30th September, 1873, says the 'S. M. Herald,' the money received into the Treasury of New South Wales amounted, with the balance brought forward, to £4,492,990 ; out of which there was paid during that ueriod n total sum of £2,804,447, leaving a balance in hand of £1,688,543. Of this balance the Bank of New South Wales hold £1,451,043, and the Treasury chest £237,000. The actual income of the nine months, or the revenuo proper, was £2,312,743 ; an increase on that of the cor responding period of £390,561, or upwards of 20 per cent. The newspapers, writes iEglea in the 'Australasian,' teem with notices of some charming bank notes lately issued by the Colonial Bank. Well 'bank notes generally are charming, even if. a thought stale and a little dull of colour. A Christian-like regard for one's neighbour suggests that I should admire this bank note too. But, by a strange over sight, the board has omitted to send me one to admire. It is probable that the £100 pattern is the prettiest. ' At a meeting of the Batburst Bench it has been decided that a banquet shall be given in Bathurst to Sir Alfred Stephen on his retirement from the Bench, and an address was adopted for presentation to him. The Police Magistrate (Mr J. Marsh) was empowered to communicate witb Sir Alfred to ascertain his wishes on the subject. The police are accumulating evidence against Father McGuinn, for demolishing the palings round a woman's grave at Berrima, because the husband had not paid his Church dues. The steamer Victoria, from Batavia, brings news of the Dutch Government making active preparations to renew the war with the Achecnese. Thirteen thousand men, with seven general officers, leave Java during the present month for Achecn. Owing to adverse criticisms in regard to the Victorian Racing Club's Grand Stand, the secretary, Mr Bugot, stopped the Press being admitted free at the races. The Mel bourne journals therefore agreed to ignore the races altogether, and nothing about the running appeared in their columns. The 'S. M. Herald's* commercial report states that a private telegram received by Cameron's agents states that the panic in America has interfered with the manufacture of tobacco, and that the growing crop has been seriously injured by inclement weather. They have consequently advanced their prices. Considerable excitement, we learn from the ' Western Examiner,' was caused on the 29th ult., by the intelligence that a woman living near the Orange toll-bar had been shot. The victim of this outrage .is Elizabeth Thompson, a widow, who lived with a man named Damb for some years in Melbourne. Two months ago they came to Sydney, where they quarrelled, and the woman left with a man named Ellis, six weeks ago. Dando has since been in pursuit. He shot at her, and hit her in the left breast ; the bullet glanced off the rib. Hopes are enter tained of her recovery. Dando, who attempted to commit suicide by taking laudanum, has been brought before the local Bench and remanded. The free- selectors of Young have resolved to form a Protective Association, and in a manifesto it is stated th.it the object of this association shall be to aid and assist any member of the society who may be compelled to have recourse to law, or otherwise to maintain his just claim to his selection or selections, against any person or persons obtaining laud by an evasion or violation of the principles of the Crown Lands Alionation Act of 1861, and further to aid .and assist in' the suppression of dummyism. That such association shall be managed by a committee of twelve members, consisting of a chairman, vice-chairman, secretary, and treasurer, and also eight other members, and that five members form a quorum ; the secretary to receive a salary for discharging the duties of the association. An explosion of gas occurred during the performance of Hamlet at the Victoria theatre, Sydney, on Saturday night last; followed by total darkness, the concussion having extinguished all the lights. A scene of frantic terror und confusion followed, until order was restored by the stage manager appearing with a taper in his band, hastily relighting the footlights, and assuring the audience that nothing was wrong, only a little chemical had exploded. No serious injury, says the ' Empire,' occurred to anyone in their rush from the theatre. The North Eastern line, says the ' Border Post,' will be opened through to Wodonga on Tuesday, the 1 8th inst., on which occasion there is to be a grand demonstration. It is said no less than a thousand persons are likely to come from Melbourne. Some journalistic changes, we note, are con templated. Til? proprietor of the ' Yass Courier' announces bis intention of starting a new bi-weekly papor, to be called the ' Burrangong Chronicle,' in the rapidly rising town of Young. The ' Burrangong Argus,' wo loam, is also to be published bi-weekly as soon as necessary arrangements for that purpose are effected, and the 'Burrowa Advocate ' has again changed hands. There must be such a disease as ' clepto tuania' after all. We learn from the ' Gaulburn Herald ' that at the local Police court, on Tuesday, a strong able-bodied young man wus convicted of stealing from a clothes line four haudkercbiefs and an apron, valued at two shillings, while in the evidence it was shown that ho had £31 2s. 6d. in his posses sion. The offender was sentenced to three months' hard labour in Guulburn gaol by way of punishment, and left the court without the least concern as to the position bo had been placed in through his own dishonest conduct. The reduction of telegraph rates took effect from the 1st inst. The following is now the scale of charges for telegraphic messages sent within this colony: — One shilling for ten words, exclusive of address and signature : one penny for every additional word; and a further charge for intercolonial telegrams of one shilling for every ten words, exclusive of address and signature, and one penny for every additional word, on account of each, colony through which such telegrams pass. Press messages to be charged half the above rates. Thb ghost of a Permissive Bill, writes a correspondent of the Melbourne ' Argus,' has been passed by tho New Zealand Parliament after a warm debate. The only real altera tions which it effects in the licensing law - ara as follows : — First it removes the power of granting licenses from the bench of justices, and vests it in the resident or police magis trates of the district, and not less than three, or more than seven, licensing commissioners specially appointed by the Governor. Second, it forbids tho licensing bench granting any license the issue of which is formally objected to in writing by two-thirds of the adult in habitants of any district. The signatures of the objectors have to be verified on oath. A provision similar to this has been in forco under a provincial ordinance in Auckland for upwards of two years, but has never once been acted on, nor indeed is it ever likely to be acted on iu any part of the sblnny now. The teetotallers are very proud of what they claim as a victory, but it is likely to provo an ex ceedingly barren one. During the course of the trial of J^nmnm for the attempted murder at Crudirie CreHp (says tho ' Western Independent ') tha chief witness was sworn in the usual Manner. Mr Buchanan, on taking stock of the man, thought, from his poculiar aspect, that he was not a Christian, and asked what religion wit ness professed. ' It's all right,' interrupted Mr Davis, ' Ho's a Glassite.' This raised a roar of laughter, in which tho great defending barrister joined, evidently himself tickled at the smartness of the Crown Prosecutor. A secret Chinese Society for trafficking in women to be sold into lives of prostitution has been discovered at San Francisco. Some very riotous proceedings, we learn fromthe 'S. M. Herald1 took place at a public meeting held last week, in the Masonic Hall, Sydney, to inaugurate St. Andrew's College. The Principal of the College (the Rev. A. Thomson) delivered an address, and called npon the Rev. John Kinross to propose the first resolution, but here Dr. Lang rose, and a scene of great uproar followed. Dr. Lang subsequently made a long speech, to the effect that he did not mind the discourtesy shown by not inviting him to the inauguration ; but that he attended to protest that the College council was unlawfully constituted. He then left the place, accompanied by his friends, and the remaining portion of the business was quietly conducted. Ore night last week, we learn from the 'Murrurundi Times,' Mr Petherbridge, manager for Messrs. Tooth, Bros., retired to bed ia the Royal Hotel in that town at about 11 p.m. He had a large number of cheques and memo randums in a pocket-book in his side coat pocket, and £18 and some odd silver in his trousers pocket. The latter he plated under his portmanteau on a chair alongside of his bed. He heard no noise, but on being wakened next morning missed his money ; the cheques, die. were left intact. The maurauder evidently knew the place well, as no one could possibly have found his or her way to Mr Pother bridge's room without disturbing him or some of tho inmates. The waiter Bays he heard a noise behind a basket, but thought it was a cat, and afterwards saw a man leave the house. In the forenoon, the officer having very strong suspicion, closely examined the domestics en gaged in the house, without however, arriving at any definite conclusion as to who the guilty party is. The ' Southern Argus ' states that quite a sensation was caused at Goulburu on Monday by a man named William Jarvis riding to the Goulburn lock-up, bringing an infant in his armB, stating that- he found it in a gin-enso outside a hut not far from the pound at Meld. It proved that the child's mother had left it there whilo she went to got some clothes to wash and was much surprised and alarmed to find it gone ou returning. Jarvis, being, slightly on the spree, went to the woman's hut during her absence, and seeing only the child there, took upon himself un necessarily the office of the good Samaritan, and brought the little one to the lock-up. The ' Olount Alexander Mail ' states that a faithless lover named James Monks has been shot by a young woman named Catherine Brown whom he had deceived. Tbo girl asked him if he was going to marry her, and on his replying in the negative she drew a pistol from her pocket and deliberately fired at him. Tho pistol was loaded with shot, and this took effect in the young man's side and left arm, : but being too much scattered it did not do much harm. After getting his wound dressed at the hospital Monks laid an information against his late inamorata, who was apprehended, and has been remanded ou a charge of unlawfully wounding. Numbers of miners, gays a Brisbane tele gram to the ' S. M. Herald,' are arriving at Georgetown, who will make efforts to reach the Palmor River, and others are returning to Charters Towers; all are frightened at the evident risk of starvation, but a few are still determined to reach Palmer at all risks. People here are anxiously looking for news of the efforts mado to reach the Palmer by the Endeavour track. There have been no arrivals of provision drays there yet reported, but fifty bead of cattle arrived. An assay of Palmer River gold averages between £i 2s. 6d. and £4 2s. 9d. per oz. The country telegraph and post offices, says tho ' WaRjja Wagga Advertiser,' are undoubt edly fully workod. Evidence comes to us too often that they are overworked to a degreo whieh is as injurious to the public interest as it IB to the health of tbo officials Our con temporary might also havo addod (observes the ' Dubbo Dispatch') that the officers of the department are the worst paid. The BalarioB given to Telegraph Station-masters are, when compared with those received by some other public servants, perfectly ridiculous. What mnkes the contrast more absurd is that while the latter play witb a pen for two or three hours a day, tho telegraph-master is stack to bis office for thirteen hours. Presently, we suppose, we shall have some hon. M.P. favouring the Assembly with a comic son;;, or a step-dance, to vary the mono tony of the debates. Mr Oakes made a movo in that direction after a discussion upon the ' tobacco racket,' on tho 29th ult. He ob served that tho fight between the ' ins and outs ' reminded him of warfare ho had scon carried on by his countrymen — meaning abori ginals. ' The combatants advanced, decked out in their war paint, and looking as if they meant tho most deadly combat. The one side sang — ' Pi-a-lebba go-ba conda rinn aba j Cak ora ba, cak om ba, Cou An del co rou-am-ba.' To which the other side repliod : ' Budgery you in your own gunyah. A blackfollow to grind for you.' And tbo whole affair ended in smoke.' After this anecdote, according to tho ' S. M. Herald's ' roport, there was much laughter; but whether the hon. gentlemen laughed at the speaker or with him does not appear. BitiQHAH Young's seventeenth wife has filed a statement for divorce. She complains b{ systematic neglect and desertion, and also says she left him through fear of violence and want of support. Cable, Tickle, and Co., warehousemen, have suspended payment. The deficiency is £10,00.0. 