HORATIO'S CONFESSION. OF HOPE OF A QUEENSLAND STATION. BE DRAMINGO, PAM I. JÛEBXBODS says that I was made a regular fool of, BO I suppose that I was anyhow, I will tell all about it, and leave the reader to judge for himself. I was a new chum when the following events happened, and I resided on Idolvalo Station, where I was supposed to be acquiring what is known as " colonial experience." Old Wiggins was the owner of said Idolvalo, and a decent enough old fellow he was. Mrs Wiggmawaa toss (I trust I am not obscure). Miss Wiggins, aged five and twenty, more or IOSB, was second PQIS I beg to state that all names of persons, places, and everything else are of course fictitious I might be getting my head punched if I am not careful 1 paid old Wiggins the sum of one hundred pounds per annum, in return for which he kindly allowed me to help milk the cows in the morning, tail cattle when required, and do a little amateur fencing On the other hand, I had the pleasure of being introduced to all visitors, under the sounding title of Mr Horatio posy, of turning over the leaves of Miss W a music, and putting her up on her horse when she went out for her evening ride. I intend to make this as short as possible, SO shall introduce to you only the real actors in the amusing episode, please therefore to take the usual number of station bands on a good sized cattle station, k 2 hours, to , as so much left to the imaginative comets of the reader. liza Wiggins was a woman who always had a grievance, now it was the state of her health, then Mr Wiggins' backslidings, now the dulness of bush his ; but her favorite subject was the scarcity of good domestic servants. I am a young man of singularly prepossessing appear once, and noble, open manner, attracted, I suppose, by this, Mrs W. was good enough to make me a receptacle of the many troubles of her life, and almost persuaded me into the belief that she was really and truly a bona-fide martyr She also in confidence told me what an amiable creature Caroline was, what a model daughter, Ac for all of which I, of course, felt duly honored Knowing as I did Mrs Wiggins'pet grievance, Iliad grown accustomed to the constant change of cooks and housemaids, and therefore felt no surprise when one day, in the course of conor Salton, Mrs Wiggins announced the expected advent of a new housemaid that evening Little did I think bow that arrival foreboded sorrow for me the coming events cast no shadow before it I stood at the piano that night, in my usual graceful attitude, and listened to Miss W, as' mili languishing eyes, she sang, " Oh ! stay with me, my darling, stay," when a knock was heard at the door, and a voice informed Old Wiggins, who was sleeping the sleep of the just in his arm chair, that " Scoopgot, the carrier, had come " Old W. arose, growling like the typical fear of being disturbed from his slumbers, a ko departed, said Mrs Wiggins, " James, if the new servant is there, send her up to me " James went, and shortly afterwards a light foot- step came along the hall, and in answer to Mrs Wiggins' "come in," there appeared a slender figured girl, with a face like a Madonna, down cial brown eyes and pretty) pouty lips. ' Folding her polo hands so meekly " whilst Mrs Wiggins put her through her facings, also answered all queries in a low, but firm voice His W having finished entreating some person or persons unknown to stay with her for the term of their natural lives, wheeled round on the music stool, and stated at the new comer as though she were a horse brought in for inspection I, artful dog picked up a piece of music, and over the top of that took a sly glance at her "She seems a respectable sort of girl," said Mrs W, after dismissing JCBBIB, that being the time she confessed to "Yes," replied Miss, but very plain, don't JOY think so Mr Spoily ?" I, arch hypocrite, replied that "I had scarcely looked at her " (hadn't I though ?) I feel head ever heels in love with her before she had shut the door Old Wiggins came back. Miss expressed her opinion vocally that He would come back, she knew he would " Bed time arrived in due course, and I went to bed only to dream that I was drafting on the main camp, end trying to cut Jessie out from amongst a mob of Carolines, flea just as I had succeeded, she turned into a bullock, charged, and knocked me into a water hole I awoke to And my head in the wash hand basin, and my heels on the pillow I mention this dream because it was in some sort prophetic In the course of a few days, Mrs W. stated her opinion that the new maid was a perfect treasure We had had a good many treasures 'I t! e start, so that I did not lay much stress on that All the mines round about, of high and low degree, were agreed on the one point 'that she was the prettiest little girl to be seen anywhere, for what human heart that beat beneath is. waistcoat (a shirt I should say, for 'scents are not much worn in the bush could withstand those eyes, and oh such inches. All the other women, of course, said that she is nothing at all to look at, in fact, made her out to be positively ugly. Two months had nearly passed, and consider 106 the difficulties incidental to our respective POtions, and the holy dread I had of incurring the resentment of either Mrs or Miss Wiggins, managed to push my acquaintanceship with pretty Jessie, towards, as I thought, a favorable 'starvation She and the sweetest of smiles to to me in return for elegant compliments that paid ker, and accepted the presents I made 'r with murmured thanks and an upward ok of gratitude that rendered in a hopeless lump of humanity for the remainder of the day Unrig Olocbett, the owner of the next station, "is always over at Idolvalo now, and even old mackintosh, from Bugaboo might be seen coming '"batdirection far oftencrthanbusinessrcquirod. 6 fact, it was quite the fashion about that part ( 'star portion of the district for the young fellows 0 chotT oneanotberaboutMolber Wiggins'pretty demand. Jessie accepted all their attentions presents as matter of course, she gave all 'for a fair field and no favor, and taught her by admirers to behave respectfully. In fact, long Be Newly, who was in the civil service is just fancied himself as a lady-killer, and was JPping on a visit at Idolvole, coming down as one morning, and finding Jessie alone t "Wg the rooms, tried to take a kiss, and had just broken over his head in return, and was 1 oWed |a addition that he was the essence a cod," which however, he wasn't for he took it in very good part, and told Mrs Wiggins that he broke the FORD, averting thereby the wrath of that lady. Now Olockott had a stockman, a quiet sort of fellow called Jack Devitt ; he came to Olockett's about a month previously, looking for work, which he obtained, and turning out a very good band, was retained permanently. The only no count he gave of himself was that he had been unfortunate on the diggings, and wished to make a small rise in order to try his luck again. A very quiet fellow was master Jack, and though evil spoken enough, had an air of independence about him that made you somehow feel that there was more about the fellow than he chose to let you see. I always thought that Jack had soon Jcaeio before somewhere for the first time that he came over to Idolvalo, I thought she was going to faint when she saw him, but he took no notice of her, and in fact accrued quite indifferent to the charms of the household beauty. The account Jessie gave of herself was that she had come to-as a barmaid, but not liking the life, had taken the first situation that offered, which proved to be Mrs W.'B. AS to where she came from before that, or anything about her past life, nobody over succeeded in eliciting any information from her. I was riding through the bush with Jack one day during the muster, and in my superior, con- descending manner chaffed him about the girl Ignoring altogether my allusion to himself, Jack quietly replied, " Don't let that girl make a fool of you, Mr Spoffy ; she is a conceited little flirt." I laughed, though I must confess rather foolishly. The idea! Horatio Spoffy, who had broken hearts in England, being made a fool of by a little colonial servant girl. He had One more little episode, and I come to the final denouement : Mrs Wiggins was, or feigned to be, quite unconscious of the admiration Jessie was exciting in the inflammable breasts of surrounding makes. The fact was, Jessie was such an admirable servant that Mrs W., who could appreciate comfort as well as most people, was not at all inclined to part with her. How over, one unfortunate morning old W. put his foot into in, and thereby brought Jessie into the old lady's bad books. I had finished my before breakfast work in the milking-yard, and was sitting in the verandah, when I heard Mr Wise slippered feet come into the breakfast-room just behind me. He rang the bell I " Jessie, bring me my boots, please." The obedient handmaiden appeared with them in due course, and stooped to place them on the ground before his arm-chair. " Why Jessie, girl, bow fresh you look this morning," I heard the old fellow say, and. looking round saw him administer a paternal pat on the blooming cheek of the neat- handed Phyllis Somebody else saw the innocent action too i " Mr Wiggins ! James !" Bounded in an awful voice from the door, " how dare you ! Leave the room instantly, you impu- dent, bald-faced hussey," said Mrs Wiggins, turning on Jessie " My dear," said Wiggins. I would not have been in his shoes at that moment for a trifle. " Don't attempt to excuse your con- duct," said Mrs W., " I saw you myself. You an old man with a faithful wife! Oh! and a loving daughter! Oh! Oh! kissing that abandoned creature." It was too much, she should have kept to the truth the worm turned. "I did not kiss her, Caroline, nor think of doing so ; I merely patted her cheek quite innocently, and-and-if I had kissed her, she is better worth, kissing than over you wore." Under cover of this broadside, Wiggins fled the field, and Mrs W. fell into hysterics on the sofa, with a shriek. A shriek that echoed through the Tolstoi roof, Anti up the hills It rang with horrid clatter The kangaroos who browsed there, far aloof, Jumped, crying, " What's the matter !" PART II. IT was a balmy evening in May, some short time after the before-mentioned incident, that I resume my narrative. How the old couple made it up, I know not j this only do I know, that Mrs and Miss W. sported now and respondent jewellery, and Mr W. never, never by any chance looked towards Jessie. It was a balmy evening' as I said before ; the golden king of day sank behind the distant hills, throwing a last linger- ing, glorious look over the fair plains, smiling like a black gin over a fig of tobacco, so. I was standing in the verandah, twisting up a cracker, admiring the fit of a new pair of moleskins and thinking, with a conscious smile, of the impression they would make on Jessie's susceptible heart. Wiggins was expatiating to Mackintosh on the merits of a newly-purchased Hereford bull. Crockett, who had ridden over on some lame excuse, made the striking and original remark that he saw the mailman coming that being the first speech he had favored us with since saying, " How do you do ?" Mailbag brought in and opened. Letters all round. One for me, to the effect that old uncle Benjamin bad shuffled off this mortal coil, and left me about eight thousand pounds. He was a kind old fellow, and I did really feel sorry to hear of his death, and rather inclined to take Miss W. up short, when with outstretched band and beaming eyes, she said, " Oh, Mr Spoffy, how I do congratulate you." But I am going ahead of my story. Mrs Wiggins, having overlooked the directions of Wiggins' letters, and seeing no female handwriting amongst them, permitted him to read in peace, Mackintosh, finding everybody rather absent-minded, said good-bye, and rode off. The ladies, having asked Mr Crockett to accompany them for a drive which he declined, saying that he was in a desperate hurry to get home, departed for their constitutional on wheels. Olockott, who had suddenly forgotten his haste, muttered something about going to look at the plan of the stables (to know every slab in them), and was strolling off when Wiggins, starting out of a reverie into which he had fallen since reading his letters, said, "If you I are going to the back, Olockott, hero is a letter for Jessie, you can give to her or one of the servants as you pass. Spoffy, just take a turn with me, will you ?" Linking his arm in mine, who strolled about, without his speaking a word, for some time. At last he said, " I want you to be up before daylight to-morrow, and go down the paddock and catch Tartar for me. I am going to B to-morrow, and do not want the old woman to know till I am gone." I felt rather surprised, and I suppose showed it, for after a bit he went on You know, Spoffy, I got into G. and Westlands some time ago, and what with commission, interest, and all the many ways these fellows have of swelling the account, together with my own expenses, fencing, &c;, I am rather behind hand. They are going to put the screw on, I hear by this post ; and UUIOBS I can raise the money before next week, it will be all up with Idolvalo. Now, if the old woman know that I was going down to B-- in a hurry, she would give me no peace till I gave her the reason and I don't want her to know until I am obliged to toll for I may make it all right yet." I felt sorry for the old boy, and had my newly-acquired capital been in my pocket in hard cash, should doubtless have pressed him to accept it. Fortunately it was not j and remain boring that some time must necessarily elapse before I could touch it, I wisely contented myself with promising to hold my tongue, and have his horse up ready in the morning. We went back to the house ; Wiggins plunged into a little don he called his office I turned into the dining-room, where there seemed to be a low murmur of voices going on. pre-occupied as I was, as I entered I had a confused notion of seeing Jessie fly out of the room in tears, and Olockott standing at the table looking rather foolish. Been taking a stroll with the old man? he said, and seemed busy putting something into his pocket that looked like a cheque-book. " Well, good-bye for the present" he went on, holding out his hand. " When shall I BOO you over at my place ?" " Stay to dinner, I said. " No, thanks ; must be off. Jack has left did I tell you?" " No ; thought he suited you A 1." Soho did; very good man. But he got some money from somewhere, and wouldn't stop. Broken down swell, I think. Good-bye, old follow." He left the room, but it must have been nearly half an hour before I saw him cantering across the plain. The coast being pretty clear, I thought it would be a fine opportunity to have a flirtation with Jessie ; so strolled towards the back regions, chuckling as I thought what a successful dog I was amongst the petticoats The first thing I saw on getting into the pas- sage and a charming picture it made was Jcssio'a lithe figure leaning against the pantry door, her pretty face buried in her pocket handkerchief. I am no stronger than the rest of my sex where a woman's tears are concerned, and was by her side in an instant, beseeching her to tell me the cause of her trouble, whilst my arm stole iuBiduoiisly round her waist. She sobbed out for a few seconds; then drawing herself away she said, "I did not think that you would have taken advantage of my being in grief to insult me, Mr Soffe." I insult you, Jessie I am so sorry SB I can be for you. Tell me what it is" She had ceased crying, but looked steadily away from me, and her frame seemed convulsed with emotion. " Tell me, Jessie," I pleaded. "I cannot," she said. "My troubles are my own." " But perhaps I can assist you." She shook her head. " Try mc," I said. I had taken her hand, and its warm clasp acted like a galvanic battery. " Is it money you want?" She snatched away her hand. " Money ! and from you?" "And why not, Jessie? I love you. Do, thou, let me help you." "You love me! Yes! I am pretty girl, and a servant, so you think that you can make a fool of me! and also broke out sobbing again. " Indeed ! indeed, JCSBÍO, I love you truly and honorably. Oh, believe me" Her tear-stained cheeks and enchanting ways put me quite beside myself. " Dare I hope that you mean it ?" and she turned two swimming eyes up to mine. I am true, Jessie ; I am !" I said, nearly ready to cry myself. "Then I will tell you all." Just then the whole of the buggy were heard, bringing the ladies back from their drive. " I must go," said JCSBÍO ; " but meet me here to-night." I got a hurried kiss somewhere on the top of her head, and she was gone " Oh ! how long it seemed to bedtime that night. Wiggins was nearly as absented myself, and answered several times at random. " Papa is in love, I think," said Missoy, glancing archly at me, and emphasizing the "love;'' " and you too, Mr Spoffy," Bbo concluded, giggling. Mrs W. glanced scornfully at her helpmate, who was doing his best to keep trouble from her door, and snorted contemptuously. The clock struck 10. Mrs W. yawned, and announced her intention of retiring. Miss W. dutifully followed suit. My prayers for their sound Blumbors followed also. Half-past 10, Wiggins said " Good-night," to which he whispered, like a second Charles, the mystic word, "Remember !" 11\. I was getting impatient, and taking off my boots, stole to the try sting place. I had to wait some time before a white-robed figure came gliding noiselessly along, and my shy little Jessie nestled for a moment in my arms, and then drew away. " It is very wrong, I know, to meet you like this alone at night; but I am so un- happy." An emphatic hand squeeze was my answer. " Your sympathy I may have," she went on. " Tell me, darling, all your trouble," I said. in a low voice, Jessie told her simple tale ¡ A widowed mother, an invalid sister, a long-stand- ing debt, and a hard creditor, who, unless paid off, would sell the small farm on which they resided, leaving them homeless. " Mr Olookett caught me crying over the letter," said Jessie, " and would insist on hearing all about it. He would have given me some money, too, but I could not take it from him" and she gave a great Eob. Fancy this tale told in the dead stillness of the night, to a young fellow of one I and-twenty, by a velvet checked girl, with her hair hanging down her back, and crying j her heart out on your shoulder ! This was the second tale of money embarrassment poured into my ear. But how different the narrator one young and winsome the other old and prosaic. " Jessie, you will let me give you the money." OF no, no." "But you must be reasonable now; surely you would rather be indebted to me than see your poor mother turned out of her home How much is it?" " Seventy-five pounds," came a low voice. I had a balance at the bank of one hundred and odd pounds and bidding Jessie wait till I came back, I stole to my room, and got my check book. " Come into the dining-room ;" and like, two ghosts we crept in. JCSBÍO cautiously lit a candle, and stood with her arm lovingly through mine, whilst I drew out a cheque for one hundred pounds. When I handed it to her she glanced at the amount. "You are a dear old fellow," she said, in quite an altered voice, throwing her arms round my neck and giving me an earnest kiss. The next moment I was alone. I must say I thought that an hour or two's mild spooning would not have come amiss after transacting businOBS ; but Jessie's modesty fired up at the bare thought of stopping up with me after the others were all in bed, so with solemn promises of meeting again, I had to content myself. I went to bed, but slept not. The house seemed full of mysterious voices and subdued whispers. Several times I could have sworn to hearing a Btiflod laugh from somewhere. But at 4, o'clock, when I got up to further old Wiggin's departure, everything was quiet. Wiggings was standing at the door with his boots in his hand when I got back with his horse, and daylight was peeping gray and ghost-like over the distant trees. "I shall be back the day after to-morrow's he said. "I have left a letter in your room for you to give Mrs Wiggins. Good-bye." About 1 o'clock that morning Miss Wiggins came tripping into the room. " Good morning, Mr Spoffy. Have you Been papa any where ?" " No, Miss Wiggins ; but will you give this note to Mrs Wiggins ?" " Yes. Why, it's pa's writing !" and she flew out of the room like a startled kangaroo rat. Very soon afterwards Mrs W. bustled in. " Mr. Wiggins says that he has had to leave home this morning to arrange some very important business in B--. Do you know anything more, Mr Spoffy ?" " No, Mrs Wiggins," I commenced. But she went on, " Why, how is this of No breakfast laid. Call that lazy girl up directly." "Jessie! Jessie!" rOBOtmdcd through the house, but no answering "Yes, marm." I began to feel very queer. " Her room is empty," said missy, coming back. " Mary !" screamed Mrs Wiggins. The cook appeared. "Where is Jessie ?" " I don't know, main." " But you do know you must know !" as- sorted Mrs Wiggins, vehemently. " I know no more than that dog where she is. All I know is that she Bait! Into last night that she was going for a pleasure trip down to B-, and that Mr Olockott and Mr Spoffy were going to shout!" Mrs Wiggins stared at me with dilated eyes, whilst my brain seemed in a whirl. " They have gone together I" she yelled, in a voice like a bo'sun ; " and you helped them ! Decoivodl abandoned I" and without the slightest warning she fainted, and fell against me. We should both have fallen prostrate, but for a convenient chair into which we tumbled. of the scene that ensued I cannot write distinctly, It was a babel of crying, talking, abusing, scolding, me and every time that I attempted flight I was brought back with, " Do not desert us, Mr Spoffy, in our aJXiction." Of course I endeavored to make Mrs Wig- gins understand the real cause of her husband's absence, but it was all in vain. "Embarrassed circumstances I never heard of before," she said. "And where is JCBBÍO, Mr Spoffy ; girls don't go for pleasure trips by themselves. Oh 1" and she clenched her hands and tooth, " if I could just drop upon them I'd spoil their pleasure trip !" And no doubt she would. As for my share in the explanations, I confess that, in face of those two tearful, injured women, I denied all knowledge of of JOSBIO'B remark about Olockott and I having shouted. What OIBO could I do alone in the house with two women who only wanted on object on which to expend the vials of their wrath? Luther or Crummer would have denied had they stood in my bluchers. Two days passed, and such days ! Every- body went staggering about their work as though the finest joke in existence had happened. Olockott never showed up. Some body carried the news over there, and after receipt of it he was said to have died everything an inch high and an hour old, and led all hands on the station the lives of dogs. No news came to us of the absent. Nothing was found in Josaio's room but some worthless articles of clothes and a letter, which, however, throw no light on the subject. It ran as follows: "Dear Dolly, You may plunge for a hundred between the two, but no more and no matrimony. I mean it. J. D." The second day passed, but no Wiggins. Until now my belief in his innocence had been strong ; but now -. Wild speculations began to course through my brain. Every time I looked at the butt of my cheque-book, my hopes of Wiggins grow fainter. I had been thrown over for an ugly old married man, and made to pay the expenses of their trip to B-. There was madness in the thought, added to the impossibility of believing that such a girl OF Joanie could act so, and I was in a maze of perfect perplexity. Mrs Wiggins and her daughter never ceased to abuse Jessie, and say what a blessing it was to have such a friend as I was, at such a trying time. This at at last reached such a pitch that I determined to stop it by confessing my backsliding as regarded the guilty fair one. But my two of Mrs Wiggins was so great, and I commenced in such a confused manner, that she imagined I was declaring my passion for her daughter, and accepted mo forthwith ! After that, I remember things but in a confused manner, until the return of Wiggins, which event happened nearly a week after his hasty departure. That I remember well. The innocent, guileless manner in which he rode up to the door ; the look, the indescribable look upon Mrs W.'B face ; the way in which Miss Wiggins hung upon my neck, and entreated her dear Horatio to be calm. " He spoke first ; the betrayer Spoke : " Well, old girl, I surprised you the other morning ; but I have made it all! right." "Don't touch me! Don't come near me! Go back to your Jessie, you disgraceful old sinner!" Which opened the widest-Wiggins' mouth or eyes I know not. " Whatever do you mean?" he managed to gasp. " How dare you show your vile, guilty face before your outraged, injured, abused wife, and bereaved daughter, you awful old scoundrel I" This calmed Wiggins somewhat ; he gave his wife a reproachful look, and turned to me. "Do you know what she means, Spoffy ?" " Be calm, dear," whispered Miss W. I had not the slightest intention of being anything else, for I felt sure that Wiggins was innocent. " Jessie has run away, and we thought you had taken her," was what I said. "Gone! has she? That was her, then, I saw in B-, with Clockott's stockman, Devitt. And you, Caroline, were so foolish as to imagine that a man of my years, with enough troubles, heaven knows, would go feeling after a girl about the country, merely because she has brown eyes and a pretty figure. After being my wife for thirty years, you thought no better of me than that! For shame! Not another word. Do you hear ? Come in, and I will tell you what I have been doing." If he had been the Iron Duke himself, his voice and manner could not have been more determined. Mrs Wiggins saw that he meant it, and obeyed at once. a? * # # # # " " So you want Caroline, you young dog !" he said, facetiously, a few hours afterwards. " You are the very fellow I would have chosen." I was walking down G street, in B fioinotiino afterwards, plunged in gloomy thought, when I saw Jack Devitt in the flesh walking towards me. He was well dressed, and quite a different looking individual to Olookott's rough and-ready Brookman. I felt very indignant when the follow came up and offered to shake hands. "What's the row?" he said, laughingly. " Is it because I was working as a stockman you won't know me ?" "No, Mr Davis," I said " you might be a stockman and a gentleman both, but not gentleman and a swindler." "Come, be civil," he said, flushing up. "I don't want to have a row with you. I suppose you were touched ; but how did I swindle you P" " You helped JOSEPH to do it, at any rate." He laughed so loud and long that the passers by stopped to look at him. "The wicked little devil!" was all that I could make out. " Come in here, and I will tell all I know," he said, when he stopped laughing. We went into the parlor of a neighboring hotel. "Try some P.B.; you will stand it better. Now then : Twelve months ago I had a few hundreds, and am sorry to say was knocking them down in Melbourne in the approved alvie, during which performance I became acquainted with Jessie, as you know her-Dolly Vardon, as she was called then. The money was soon gone, and I cleared out for the diggings, No luck there and after working until I was penniless, I I started looking for work, and took a job of stock riding with Olockott, as you know. Hoar ing the follows (milling about Wiggins' pretty servant girl, I went over on some excuse to see her. Imagine my iiuiazomoiit when I saw my demure Dolly playing the part she was then engaged in ! She was frightened, I can tell you, under a belief that I would tell tales about her but it was too good a joke to spoil, and I kept quiet. She meant to marry either you or Olockott ; but I would not stand that, and told her so, for which both of you owe me some thanks. For also had you both caught, you can't deny." I groaned in spirit. " What brought her up there, I cannot tell ; but she was heartily sick of it before she had been there long. Perhaps she had a longing after me, after all ; but that is neither here nor there. To cut it short, seeing that I put a vote I on her matrimonial Bobcmcs, and hearing that I had come in for a little money, which she hoped to share, he asked me to lend her a horse, and bring her down to town. I did so, IIB it suited me to leave just then but, on arriving here, gave her plainly to understand that I was not to be caught. So she took her departure for Melbourne, dressed in the deepest and most becoming mourning. She told the passengers on board that she was an orphan going tomorrow strange and distant relations in Victoria. All the males married and single were eager to console her, and all the women to throw her overboard. I believe she ultimately entangled a rich old contractor, and is now, I believe, Mrs C Rowney, and a house in Melbourne." " Then all that yarn about her invalid sister and mother, was, of course, fudge ; but I need not ask" "Not altogether; I believe she has got a mother in the position described, and, Bcbomor as she is, I believe that half the money she got out of you and Olockott who sent to her." "That is the hardest of all to believe," I said, rising to go. " Sounds tough, does it not ?" said Jack, and we parted. # # e v e- a v The mail has arrived, and with it a letter saying that a later will of Uncle Benjamin's has been found, cutting me out. Mrs Wiggins Boys that unless I can explain that mysterious money affair in connection with Jessie, she can- not consent to my marriage with her daughter. I have only twenty pounds in the world, and I start for the Palmer to-morrow, where there are no man catchers at present. I am free ! Hurrah ! And wiser-I hope. 