GESEBAL 9EW6 Diphtheria is now eo {ireralent at Macedon that several of the State ectoolt have been ciotfed. Mackenzie, another of the Cad crew, brought from Fiji by H.M.S. Clio, hae been charged at the bydne^ police court, and re xnamled- Ihe S jdney hangman appear* to be a pros perocui individual On Monday last be con sented at the police court to pay his better half £1 per week; if ebe would fceep apart On board tbe SnflMk, now lying attfce Saadridge Pier, are.tiiree raTena, which, with tbe exception at tiro at tbe Zoahpad Gar dena, are Baid to be the only birds of the kind intheookmy. Ii, addition tz- tbe pore-bred bolls on board tfc* ship Lady Octana, thae art al»o 120 fine cheep of the Lincoln breed, consigned to Uesm. Croaker, Scott, and Co. andDateety, BUdnroodandCo. Onrlnteat distingujafaed viator is tbe Earl of DoOOnghniOrCy IFlkO *ltivvil *** Mrflw«irm- from Ceylon by the last mafl. Tbe Bad is an Ir4«-i noblenan. whose Oohlis aeat is rrBinud at Fahseraton, fire miles weet of Hie city. Xhe xnaH lpttfTB Tn**Aliu* »h^f g^ James and Lady WCnllocfa have engaged passages in Mesera. Money Wigram and Suns' splendid steamship Rf=wwrmgf pfrir*^ which vaa to leaTE London on or about the 28th July, and may be expected here about 20th September. A pleasant anticipation. The Creeimck Advatiter thinks there is danger of leprosy being — ««'™nnif*atfii by the Chinese in. *!'* colosy to tbe whole population, &e; has been tte case in the island of Hawaii. The Arrpu mentions that the death of a boy from injuries reeeiv-ed at football occur red on Sunday last. GustavoE Albert Coney, aged 17, who lived at 206 Brunswick-street, Fttzroy, while playing at football in the Boyal Park c= the 16tn inst., received severe injuries, and was. attended by Mr. Crook, but died on Sunday evening. We, Creadck Advertiser, regret to have to record tbe death of another child belonging to Mr. Qoinlan, earned EUen, aged four years, who expired at the hospital on Sunday, from diphtheria, this making the enh of thkt un fortunate family wixbin a week or two. Only three now remain out of a family of cine, ail healthy a few weeks ago. Tbe Gttlong AdverUter says thai at Fresh water Crefck tiie Educational Department hae r* t-'^rt ivr a acnuol a deserted palmg structure, where a man named Fasaail banged himseli about a year ago, and which has since earned the reputation of being haunted by his per iurbed. fipint. Since tbe m&sser; hae got wisd amonz the school children they tailr oi nothing bat gobhns and ghosts. Major Smith scored a point against Mr. Yale whilst addressing the Legislative As sembly last week. Major Smith was alluding to the motives which might have actuated tbe Legislative Council in laying aside the Elector*! BUI, when Mr. Tale interrupted— ' They don't like cheap gae there ;' to which Major Smith immediately retorted, 'Then it will never do for the hoc. member to go there.' The reply was received with great laughter. A man named James Murray was burned to death on Thursday morning in iung-Btreet, Melbourne. He was snppo&ed; to have gone to bed slightly intoxicated, and afterwards got up. While moving about with a hshbed candle he fell down in a fit, and the candle Bet lire to tbe man -and also a sola on which he had been lying. The Gttlong AdecrUter has been informed by a gent.lnnan having property in the Wim mera district, that he has been served with the following notice: — 1 intend to bring twenty -eight horses and two packs of dogs to hunt upon your ran, and having a Govern age that may arise to your fences or stock in pursuit of my occupation as a licensed hunter. The Wangaraila Star says — We are in formed, on what we believe to be good au thority, that a construction bill for a railway from Wangaratta to Bright, with a branch to Beechworth, will be brought in by the Govern ment this Bession. This is only common jus tice to the Beechworth people, from whom the land which was granted for the forma tion of their railway was taken away. We are glad to learn that the present Ministry regard the m***jr in that light. The line is to be made to Bright, and ssmewhtre between Tarrawingee and Mnrpjungee (so we are told) there is to be immediately afterwards a line formed to Beechworth. At an immigration meeting held in Ade laide on Tnesday evening last, resolutions were carried condemning the action of the Government as nnconstitntkmal in send ing [for free immigrants in the face of Parliament asserting that indiscriminate free immigration was opposed to sound economy and unjust in its operation, as benefiting capital st the expense of labour. The meet ing advocated, as the best means for drawing population, a (system of liberalising the land lawBj making them akin to those in America, and compelling people wantin? labour to bear half the expense of bringing it ont. The libel action brought by the Rev. Pun can Fraser against Mr. John Drnaunond, arising out of letters published in the SaJUarat Star, was brought to a close on Friday. Nearly the whole day was taken np with tbe addresses of counsel. The proceedings were irregular and personal to the last. Sr, Mad den, for plaintiff, intimated that he had evi dence at hand to show that his client's con duct in respect to the free railway pass was quite proper and honourable, but at the same time admitted that, like a good many other matters alluded to on the trial, it had nothing to do with the action. On the other side, Ms. G. P. Smith wanted to put in corres pon deuce to show that certain imputations cast upon the defendant's solicitor, ilr. ' Stewart, were untrue. Neither the evidence or tbe letters were put in, however, and the jury, after an bonr's deliberation, returned a verdict for Mr. Fraser, damages 40s. Some time ago a full- report was given of the euicine of Captain Leaek, of the barque Hannah Nicholson, at Portland. The con dition of his mind prior to his death it apparent from the following document which the S. A Register states was found in a sealed bottle sear Granite Bocks, about ten miles north of Kingston, by Mr. Thomas Barnett on 16th August, and taken into Kingston by police-trooper Sbiels on tbe 21tt .- — ' Barque Hannah Nicholson. — This is to let you know tbe crew and second mate's intentions is to shoot .me and throw me over board ; they shot tbe mate and boy yester day ; they have been trying to catch me this three days. I have been battened in my cabin. — Wm. Least.' On the opposite side of tbe paper is written : — ' Barque Hannah Nicholson. — This is to let you know that the crew has shot me and — ' What appears to have been a miscarriage of justice has again taken place at Stawell. The charges against thederendantslorretaking possession of the claim ~&o.; 4 Scotchman's, and for riot, were dismissed. The telegram states that Mr. Panton, J.P., was in favour of a conviction, but that the local honorary magistrates dissented from his opinion. The Pleasant Creek Noes of Thursday writes : — ' Another reinforcement of police will, we learn, be concentrated at Stawell during tbe next few days. It is probable that before long tbe jumping cases will assume an entirely new appearance, as it is rumored the appli cants for the lease of Ko. 4 will summon the jumpers for trespassing upon the land in dispnte, and consequently the whole ques tion will assume the complexion of a simple dispute as to the ownership of tbe property. This question can hardly be settled in the police courts, consequently further litigation in thf warden's conrt or court of mines is likely to be commenced. ' Saturday's iferaH^ivea tbe following: — The interest anent the Wardill defalcations had, np to this morning, almost died out. The question, ' How about Wardill V has for the last few days merely been answered by a significant shrug of the shoulders, and the laughing rejoinder, ' Oh, he's all right.3' The seven days' wonder had indeed about run its course, and the detectives would have appeared to have been thoroughly baffled. Notwithstanding the many reports as 10 where and under what circumBtancee the . defaulter had been last seen, nothing definite had been ascertained. The police were evidently nonplussed, and the 'latest' de scription of their man is the only forlorn hope that the police have of a speedy capture. The following is tbe latest paragraph describ ing the wanted man, from the last Police Gazette;— f ?Bichard Wilson Wardill, charged, on warrant, with embezzlement on the, Victoria Sngar Company. — The offender was wearing his Seard, which is long and full and of ,-a light color. , It is now alleged that lie is wearing a moustache only, and that.hishair and raouBtache jare aj-ci . black; he was ridinga wdl-Dred boree, and dre&rea; — Innc * jovflrcbgsfe' 'jBppeyrs^Hoi^ black glazed leather' ^Plffaietat^ Wardill is oleo stated to have had in hit possession a chamois leather bag fnll of ?oreregma. It is, however, very improbable that any one flying from justice would allow the cash in ma possessum to be seen ; and it is something more than a surmise that the police are still is far uff his back as ever. We understand that the whole of the books of the company with which Wardili has been so long connected have been still ud are, tmA^r *t«- most m|''''''*'f» snperv^noii, the result being that defalcations of a much more serious natnre have been brought to light It is now abated that a deficiency, ?nMMnifTT-g altoge&er; to upwards of «£35,000, has been discovered, and judging front this fact it may be inferred that etiH farther de fcaeocee may yet be ^rmnam^X A foolish rumour, and one to which but little credence can be attached, was current tin morning in town. It is to tbe effect thai 'Wardill has left the colony per ship, his mode of exit being in a packing case. A f-fh;'— M» marriage (says the Gtdong Eeetamg Tima A Tuesday) took place this morning in St. FanTs Church, between Hiss Synnott, stated to be a wealthy heiress, daughter of the late Mr. G. Syimott, one of our earliest colomEtB, aT»^ Mr ^uavers Adamson, Crown Prosecutor. About eleven o'clock the bride and Kti^'^f^mwii entered tbe church, beneath an arch of evergreens erected over the pathway. The building was qtite filled with (spectators, come to witness the interesting ceremony, which was performed by the Bev. Dean Macartney, assisted by the £ev. Mr. Barker. The bride was very richly dressed in s robe of white satin deco rated with orange blossoms, and with a wreath of the same, over which fell a long white veiL There were six bridesmaids. Judge Fellows and several members of the legal profession accompanied the bridegroom. TrnrftfM?iftf**y on the cocdnsioQ of the cere mony, the happy pair started for Ballarat. A. champagne bwcneou was given at tbe wool stores of Messrs. Synnott and Co., to every one connected with the bade, in honour of tbe occasion, st which bumpers were quaffed to the happiness of the newly -wedded couple. Great festivities took place in honour of tbe event, concluding with a ball at the residence of Dr. D. B. Beid, brother-in-law of the bride. A perfect reaping machine (writes the Age) has long been a desideratum with agricnl turistE, but hitherto those that have been invented hatre all had something or other about them, that it was not only desirable, but necessary, to remedy, if possible. AmoDgst the makers of these machines, Mr. Hngh Lennon is known as one of the most successful, and his patent two wheel reaper has given much satisfaction. Still the maker saw that there was room for further improve ment, in order to accomplish the more easy and certain adjustment of the height of cut of the finger bar without allowing it to depart from its proper position, so as to allow tile knife-bar to work without aide friction. To effect this, be has attached a lever to the upright of the finger-bar. The fulcrum of tbe lever consista of a pin supported by an upright standard fitted to the bracket, and for the guidance of which there are two per forated arms at the back of the machine be tween which the lever works. By a pin passing through tbe perforations, the lever is supported in any given position, to suit tbe height of cut as required. The upright end of the finger-bar passes np through a deep socket, girded with wrought iron collars for strength. The i»«»-«q of this lever is in a convenient position for either driver or tip man to ate, and it can be lifted for height to reap, or lowered to mow in a moment A second patent has been t^^f n out to norm 11 this invention. 