SUNDAY READING, The Oöraforter. THIS y\bal power of Christianity, in any perso and'm any community, depends on the pr< sluice of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter. Fa when the Sou of God was' ¡ihout to leave Hi Ohvtreh on earth, and to ascend to the rigfc band of the Majesty m tho heavens, He sui to His disciples, "lt is expedient for you thu I go away j for if I go not away, tbe Conifoi ter will not conie tin to you ; but if .1 go, 1 wi] send Him unto yon." During the fige c Judaism the glory of the Lord rested upo: ."Jerusalem, and especially upon the Ark of th Oovwriaut in tbe Temple there ; and believer in God turned their faces towards the Hoi; City and the Temple, when they worshippei Him. During those most memorable days ii the history of the world, when the Son of Gofl aB the Sou of Man, dwelt on earth ; Got spoke to men by Him ; and the test of tb« knowledge and love of God in every nian'i heart was his receiving Jesus as his Lord o: turning away from him. Those who had no tlic love ot God in them, believed not in Hil Son whom He had sent to he thc Saviour o: the world. And as distinctly as the Shekinal .or visible glory of God upon the mercy sea in the temple was the token of the Divim presence among men; and as the form ant »countenance of the Son of Man gave assur ance that the Eternal Father was there; sc from the Day o£ Pentecost until now, and on ?ward from this day to the day of tho glorioui appearing of the Lord Jesus, the Holy Spirit the Comforter, is the witness of God's near ness to His people on earth. The same titi« " Paraclete,"-rendered "Advocate," in 1 Johi i., 1, and " Comforter" in John 14<th, 15th and l'6th Chapters-is used concerning thi Saviour as the advocate or intercessor ii beaven, on behalf of the children of men, an< also concerning the Spirit as the advocate io: Christ on earth in the hearts of His people. His COMING.-The Lord Jesus, on thi "hight before his death, foretold the coming o: the Holy Spirit in these words: "When tb< Comforter is come, whom I will send unto yoi from the Eather, even the Spirit of Trutl which proceedeth from the father, He shal testify of me." (John xv., 26). This is th« only passage in Holy Scripture where the term "proceedeth" is applied to the Holy Spirit. And upon this one word was founded one ol the greatest disputes that ever rent asundei the visible Church of Christ. For while th? Eastern or Greek Church maintained, as an article of their creed, that " the Spirit pro ceedeth from the Father;" the Westerr Churches, the Church of Rome, and almost all Protestant bodies of Western Christen dom agreeing on this question, have main tained that " the Spirit proceedeth from the Father and the Son." And great have been the reproaches cast on the Western Church for the insertion in the Nicence Creed of the expression "filioque" (and from the Son). The utterance of our Savour, in the only verse where the expression " proceedeth" occurs.-cer tainly supports the form of words maintained by the Eastern Church. But in other parts of the Bible the Spirit of God is spoken of as " Th« Spirit of His Son," and as " the Spirit of Christ." On both sides, however, the term " proceedeth" has been used in a Bense far different to that which it evidently bears in the words of our Lord. Thc phrase in the creeds " neither made, nor begotten, but proceeding" treats this word as a term defining the origin of the Spflft. And as any " origin" is incon sistent with the iden of eternity, it is perplex ing to the mind of the worshipper to be told that "the Eternal Spirit" is not made, nor begotten, but proceeding. Whatever attainments we may make in the knowledge of the Eternal, there will remain unfathomable depths of wisdom beyond our utmost research. Still it is not necessary or right to impose on ourselves or others any arti ficial mysteries. The Word of God is more simple, more level to the understanding of mankind than the doctrines of theologians; And this word " proceedeth," which has been a stumbling-block of division in Christendom, simply declares, as used by our Lord, a fact about which there is no controversy among Christians- that the Comforter was coming forth from the Father, at the end of seven weeks from the time when this prophecy was uttered, to confer power on the assembled dis ciples, and to dwell iu the Church throughout all generations. There ia no question of " oripin" at all. So the title " only-begotten," ascribed to the Son of God, is a term of honour and endearment, not of origin ; other wise it could not be applied by tho apostle to ÍBaac, in tho statement that Abraham, by faith, "offered up his only-begotten son;" when as regards hts birth Isaac was neither tho only begotten, nor the first begotten son of Abra ham. A creed which, whoever was its author, ÍB more ancient than tho Nicene, teaches UH, that "Thero arc three that bear record in heaven, tho Father, the Word, and the Holy Spirit; and theso Three aro One." And it removes some poplexity to observo that in tho Bible, neither "only begotten''nor "proceed ing" is used as a term ascribing origin to the Eternal ; hut that " only begotten" is a term of honour and endearment, and that "pro ceeding," aB applied to the Spirit, signified that He was " coming forth from tho Father," according to the Divine promiso. to rest upon the apostles on the Day of Pentecost, and to build up th« Church, as a habitation for Got on the foundation of the apostles and prophet Jesus'Christ himself being the Chief Come Stone. His "WORK.-The reduction of chaos t cosmos, the first introduction of order int this universe, is ascribedjjto the Spirit. Ther waa darkness on the face of the deep. The " the Spirit of God moved upon the face of th ?waters." Light and order followed. But i is chiefly as producing order out of moral an< spiritual chaos, that the Spirit of God has beei manifested; inspiring leaders of men wit! valour and wisdom, and moving the hearts o the people to obey their heavenly King. Tc prepare the way of Israel in li'gypt, God sen ' before the rest of the chosen family, Joseph one so richly endowed with the wisdom tha j comes from above, that even Pharaoh, said hi was " a mau in whom is the Spirit of God.' When the people of Israel were oppressed by tb« King of'Mesopotamia, "the Spirit of the Lo rt came upon Othniel," the nephew and son-in law of Caleb, and he delivered them fron their oppressor, and ruled Israel for fort] years. When the Midianites had subduec them, and made their lives bitter with oppres sion, the Angel of the Lord came to Gideon as be was threshing wheat on his father'i threshing floor: and called him to delivei Israel. Gideon hesitated, and drew back fron so great a task, until " the tr'pirit of the Lore came upon him ;" then he boldly blew thc trumpet and at once the men of bis native vii läge, Abrezer followed him : aud soon the tribe of Manasseh, aud then other tribes joinec themselves to his standard, and with the wai cry of " the Sword of the Lord and of Gideon' put the Midianites to flight. So afterwards 01 Jepthah and on Samson came the spirit of tht Lord ; and they smote the enemies of Israe with irresistible for«e. He spake by the prophets. "When Samue anointed David, in his father's house, " th< Spirit of the Lord came upon David from tha day forward." And David, conscious of th< benefits dependent on the presence of th< Spirit of God, recorded this prayer, tiBed since then by the Church in all generations :-" Cas me not away from Thy presence, and take no( Thy Holy Spirit from me. Restore unto mi the joy of Thy salvation, and uphold me witl Thy free Spirit." And, on his death-bed, thi sweet singer of Israel said,-"The Spirit o: the Lord spake by me, and His word was in mj tongue." During the long history of the Kings o: Judah and Israel, from time to time, "th< Spirit of the Lord "ame" upon prophets, anc enabled them to bear witness against the sim of the age, and to encourage the people to pu their trust in God. They also told of a periot yet to come, when the Spirit will be poured on upon all flesh, and all nations will be renewer, by His ¡¡gracious power. Isaiah describee the desolate condition of the people while sh reigns ; and foretold the change that shal come. " The palaces shall be forsaken ; thc multitude of the city shall be left ;-until thu Spirit be p oured upon us from on high, and tht wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest. Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field. And the work ol righteousness shall be peace, and the effect of righteousness, quietness and assurance foi ever." Great as were the blessings bestowed on the people of God in former ages by Mie Spirit, they were ns nothing compared to the blessings which the Spirit brings to those who believe in Jesus. For when he had declared, on the last great day of the feast of tabernacles,-" If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink ;" j the evangelist, explaining his words, added, I " this spake He of the Spirit, which they that believe on Him should receive ; for the Holy Ghost was not yet given, because that Jesus was not yet glorified." The great promise of the Father is the gift of the Spirit. And to give the strongest assurance that God will give the Spirit to them that ask Him, the Lord Jesus appealed to the common affection of parents for their children :-" If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone ? or, if he ask a fish, will will he give him a serpent P or, if he tahalí ask an egg. will ho offer him a scorpion ? If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how mach more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him r" la there a father in the world who, when his child asks bread, and he knows the child must have bread, or perish with hun ger, would withhold bread and give him a stone? And us our Father iu heaven knows that we need His Holy Spirit, as urgently us ever starv ing children needed bread,-*-thut our souls must perish, if they be nofc renewed by His Spirit, is it possible that He can withhold His Spirit from thom that ask Him ? Nay, us much as the compassion of God exceeds the pity of a human father, so much more sure is it that He will not refuse this blessing. The Spirit ÍB culled the Spirit of Truth, the Spirit of Life, the Spirit of Love. And these titles indicate different phases of His work. As the Spirit of Truth, He convicts the world of siu, of righteousness, and of judgment to como; making known to those on whom He comes, their guilt and danger,-revealing to them tho righteousness of God, who raised up His Son Jesus Climb the righteous, and set Him at His own right hand far above all prin cipality and power,-und imprcHsing on their minds tho assurance that the unchanging righteousneuB of God will bring all mankind before bina in judgment. As tbe Spirit of Truth, He also makes known the truth as it ÍB in Jesus-showing forth the way of salvation through His atoning sacrifice, and leading sinners to repentcnce and remission of sins. As the Spirit of Life. He breathes new life into human souls. The Apostle Paul thus describes His work,--" tho law of the Spirit of Life, in Christ Jesus, hath made me free, from the law of sin and death." (Romans, 8|: 2.) Sin. by a law of deadly efficacy, is ever bringing death to the bodies and to the souls of men. But, by an effectual, constant, and victorious law, the Spirit counteracts the effects of sin, and imparts everlasting life and strength to the soul. The Spirit of Love sheds abroad in our hearts the love of God ; and where the love of God is, there is perfect peace, there is ever lasting hope. The Spirit of God helpeth our infirmities, maketh intercession for us, forms "the soul anew in the image of God, forms Christ within the Christian the hope of glory,-and prepares him to live and reign with Christ for ever. Spirit of truth, of life, of love,-guide us into all truth, quicken us to a life of holiness, shed abroad the love of God in our hearts. 