RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in White's Room on Wednes- day evening. December 11. There was a good attendance, and Captain Bagot presided. The Rerv. J. Goodwin having given out a hymn, read a psalm, and offered prayer, the Chairman called upon The Rev. J. Henderson, who read the 28th report, as follows :— ' In submitting a brief report of the transac- tions of this Auxiliary for the past year, your Committee beg to recognise gratefully the measure of Divine blessing which has been vouchsafed to their humble efforts. All the branches of organization wrought in former years have been sustained in effective operation during the year just closed; and though tabu- lated results may not evidence improvement on those of the year previous, yet there are not wanting in the experiences of the year sufficient that the Divine blessing rests upon this agency, and that much good is being accomplished by it. In no department of Christian work is there the promise of uniform success. The condition of Christian labour is that it be prosecuted under all changes and shades of experience— in dis- couragement as well as amid success— through good and through bad report. 'All the branches of this Association have been visited and invigorated by the Rev. B. Backhouse, the indefatigable agent of the Parent' Society, whose presence among them your Committee always gladly welcome. During his former visit to South Australia he was enabled to do good service— holding week-day meetings, advocating; the cause from various pulpits on the Sabbath day, and conducting united juvenile meetings in the chief centres of population. In this way he was enabled to hold about forty- five ; and from present arrange- ments it appears that he contemplates holding a similar number of meetings during the present visit. On Yorke's Peninsula two fresh Branch Societies have been started with every prospect of being successfully wrought. ' Your Committee beg to state that the issues and sales for the year are as follows :— ... ... ... Bibles. ... ... Testa- ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. ments. To Branches and Colporteur ... 3,3531... 2,815 At Depository ... 1,674 ... 1,054 Grantitopoor ... 1 ... 2 Totals ... ... ... 5,028 ... 3,871 Making a total of the copies of the Scripture, 8,899. Total issues of this Society, 134,226. Compared with the returns of the previous year, these figures show that fewer sales have been effected at the Depository by 384 Bibles and 145 Testaments; while in regard to Branches the issues have been fewer by 1,227 Bibles and 542 Testaments. 'Sales effected by Colporteur from 1st October, 1871, to 30th June, 1872:-Bibles, 1,321; Testaments, 1,852. ' In connection with the Bible Woman Agency 41 copies have been sold in the north- eastern portion of the city, and 35 in the western district. 'Two considerations to some extent explain the reported decrease both in sales and distribu- tion, viz.— First. The operations of the Col- porteur were suspended for about three months of the year, Mr. Hutchinson having ceased to act at the close of the month of June, and his successors not having been appointed till the end of September. Second. The high rate of supply for the last two years has to a consider- able extent overtaken the more necessitous dis- tricts, and the Bible found in numerous homes formerly destitute gives evidence of the previous visits and attentions of the Colporteur. ' In order in some measure to compensate for loss of service during three months of the year, it was agreed by your Committee to appoint two Colporteurs— one permanently as the agent of the Society, and the other for temporary service in visiting the South and South-East districts of the province — districts presenting urgent claims, but which had been only partially overtaken in former years. 'Your Committee recognise very gratefully the important service rendered by the ladies in their well-regulated efforts at. Bible circulation, and the hope is entertained that their good example will be largely followed both in the city and country during the ensuing year. ' Notwithstanding recent depression in almost all colonial interests, your Committee are happy to record that in so far as contributions to the funds of the Society is concerned they fully equal contributions of last year, and it is con- fidently hoped that blessed by God with the present bountiful harvest men's hearts and hands will be still more liberally affected towards this branch of Christian work, in the year to come. ' The Committee are enabled to report that £400 has again been remitted to the Parent Society as a free donation— a sum which will be considerably augmented on receipt of several country contributions which have not yet come to hand. ' During the past year Mr. John Roberts, of Kensington, presented to this Society 220 acres of land in the Mount Barker Mineral Survey, the proceeds when sold to be remitted as a donation to the Parent Society. The land has since been disposed of, and the net proceeds, amounting to £208 1s. 4d., remitted in accor- dance with the wishes of the donor. In record- ing this act of individual liberality, your Com- mittee gratefully allude also to the generous contribution of £50 by John H. Angas, Esq.,M.P. ' The feeble health of the Rev. J. L. Parsons, one of the Secretaries of the Society; has neces- sitated a temporary withdrawal from active- duty; and while your Committee express their sense of the loss of his co-operation, they cherish the hope that his visit to Europe may be the means of recruiting his health and enabling him to return to his sphere of usefulness in this colony. ' It is cheering to learn that whatever may be the vicitaitudes experienced by this or other Auxiliaries, the Parent Society continues to advance in its great work of Bible circulation with increasing energy aad success. Although it has grown old in God's service, it is neither enfeebled by age nor exhausted with labour. Its strength is commensurate with its growth of years, and every effort which it puts forth does but increase its power and give fresh vigour to its life. Little by little the tide of divine truth is rising to its appointed bounds; wave after wave, as it breaks on distant shores, is under- mining the superstition of ages and moistening an otherwise dry and barren strand ; and soon the flood shall be at its full ; the many sands on which the footprints of man are found shall be laved with its healing waters, and the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea.' The Secretary (Mr. G. Phillips) read the financial report. The leading items ef the income were as follows:— Balance brought for- ward from last year, £406 16s. 6d.; collection at annual meeting, £10 16s. 8d. ; Clara Branch in aid of Colporteur, £8; net proceeds of 220 acres of land presented by Mr. Roberts, £208 1s. 4d.; miscellaneous collections, £35 3s. 9d.; donations from branches and other subscrip- tions, £725 17s. 6d.; cash received on purchase account (from branches,. £279 19s. 10d.; sales by Colporteur, £254 18s. 11d.; and at Deposi- tory, £240 7s. 4d.) £775 6s. 1d.— total receipts, £2,170 1s. 10d. The expenditure amounted to £1,820 16s. 5d., leaving a credit balance of £350 5s.5d. The Rev. J. Lyall moved the first resolution— 'That the report now read be adopted, printed, and circulated under the direction of the Committee. Also, that the thanks of this meeting be presented to the officers and Com- mittee for the past year, to the officers and Com- mittees of the Branch Societies, to the Ladies' Associations, and to the collectors,' and to all who have kindly aided in the operations of the Society; and that the following be the officers and Committee for the ensuing year:— President —Captain Bagot; Vice-Presidents— Mr. G. F. Angas, Rev. R. Haining ; Treasurers — Mr. John Colton and Mr. W. C. Buik; Auditors Messrs. James Robin and S. Toms; Clerical Secretaries — Revs. C. B. Symes and Jas. Henderson; Secretary— Mr. George Phillips; Committee— Messrs. A. Adamson, J. Allen, J. Bastin, Jas. Brown, W. G. Coombs, G. W. Cotton, H. A. Crawford, B. Dean, A. W. Dobbie, J. M. Dowie, T. Fax, G. Hanne, J. D. Hill, H. D. Holmes, Wm, Hunter, J. Lloyd, H. W. Phillips, F. Richards, Jas. Scott, E. R. Simpson. James Steele. and S. Whitmore. De- pository— Messrs. G. Phillips & Co., 84 and 66, Hindley-street, Adelaide. The Rev. Benjamin Backhouse, who was very warmly received, said that since the last meeting it had been his privilege to visit all the Australian, and he could give a good account of the Bible work in every one of the colonies. They were making great progress in Victoria, which had hitherto been lagging behind in this good work. In New South Wales, where there had been a wonderful development of wealth during the past year, he believed the Bible Society would be patronised and sustained more heartily than before. In Tasmania, which was not progressing like South Australia, the people had been true and loyal to the cause, and out of their poverty were pouring in contribu- tions. And Queensland, where the population was limited, and many towns were inaccessible because of their distance, was doing her duty so far as visitation had been made. He had been permitted to spend three months in New Zealand, and a most joyous welcome he had. Although new ground, it had yielded rich produce, and in every place he visited he found that the New Zealanders were not forgetful of what the Bible had done in the fatherland, and what it was destined to do in New Zealand, and a large amount had been collected. The Bible Society had given 60,000 copies in the Maori language to the in- telligent natives of New Zealand. Missionary work had been crippled by the wars which had been brought about by the cupidity of tha whites, and which had decimated the population, but the missionaries believed that the crisis would be overruled for good. Dr. Backhouse then alluded to the progress of Christanity in different parts of tke world. The Rev. T. J. Smith seconded the resolu- tion, which, was carried. A'collection was made, and after a vote of thanks to tha Chairman the meeting closed with the benediction. LAYING FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. JOHN'S, COROMANDEL VALLEY. On Saturday, December 21, the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of St. John's Churck, Coromandel Valley, was performed by Miss Richman. The church, which is being built on a half- acre of land presented to trustees by the South Australian Company, will occupy an exceedingly pretty site on the rise of the hill on the south side of the valley; and the new road in course of formation will pass close in front of its gates. It will be in every respect favourably situated, both as regards drainage and pic- uresque aspect. It is in the parish of Mitcham (Rev. Henry Read, M.A., incum- bent), and is being erected to supply a want felt in that neighbourhood by an increasing con- gregation, at present averaging from 60 to 80, which has far a considerable time past held a service every Sunday afternoon in the house of Mr. Gooch; the Rev. Henry Read, M. A., and lay readers officiating alternately. The dimensions of the church are 40 feet by 20 feet clear internal space; walls 14 feet high from floor to plates; buiit of the local slatestone, with soapstone dressings externally, including plinth, watertables, corbelled eaves, and copings. The roof will be open-timbered, the rafters covered with match boarding;, and colonial slates laid on battens over the boarding. Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex, of the roof. The walls will be stuccoed internally, the lower portion with Portland cement. The windows will have zinc quarry lights glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a small porch with a bell gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be paved with black and red tiles, and will be pro- vided with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision is made for building a chancel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the building is early pointed, with single lights at the sides, and a long two-light window in front, with quatrefoil ventilator over. The amount of the contract for present portion is £525, of which £300 is already in hand. The work is being carried out by Mr. D. Deans, under the superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. There was a good attendance to witness the ceremony and to partake in the service. Among others there were the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., the Hon. R. B. Andrews, Q.C., Mrs. Andrews, and Miss Andrews, Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., and Mrs. Hawkes, Lieut. J. A. Fergusson, Mr. W. W. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes, and Miss Davey, ind Mr. E. W. Kernot, J. P. Several ladies and gentlemen composed a choir for the occasion, a harmonium being conveniently placed, at which Mr. J. Prockter presided. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, attended by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A. (who bore the pastoral staff), and the Revs. Henry Read, M.A., T. J. Smjth, M.A., J. L. Smith, and W. H. Mudie, met Miss Richman, and pro- ceeded with her to the shelter of an awning which had been spread in readiness over the structure. An office suitable for the laying of a foundation-stone of a church was then performed, the proceedings opening with a hymn (No. 241, Hymns A. and M.). The Bishop delivered the exhortation and said the versieles; Archdeacon Marryatt read the lesson (Genesis xxviii., v. 10 to end), and Rev. H. Read offered prayer. At the proper time, every- thing being prepared, Miss Richman performed her part, formally declaring the stone to be 'well and truly laid.' Beneath the stone was placed a bottle, in which were copies of the Register and Advertiser for December 21, coins of the realm, a small sheaf of wheat, to which the words ' Peace and plenty' were attached, and a document, which Mr. Fiveash. read, as follows:— ' In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The foundation-stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, was laid by Olive Richman on St. Thomas's Day, December 21, A.D. 1872, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Officer Administering the Government of South Aus- tralia being Sir R. D. Hanson, Kt., the Chief Justice of the Province, and in the 25th year of the consecration of Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The Rev. H. Read, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees— B. F. Lloyd, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot. Committee— Rev. H. Read, M.A., J. A. Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd. A. Speuce, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot, R. Burfield, and J. L. R. Fiveash. Architect— E. J. Woods. Builder D. Deans. When the stone was laid the choir sang ' From all that dwell beneath the skies;' and after the prayers The Bishop having appropriately addressed the audience, a hymn (146 Hymns A. & M.) was sung, after which the Bishop pronounced the benediction. A collection, amounting to £13 13s. 6d., was made in aid of the building fund. The trowel with which Miss Richman spread the mortar was afterwards presented to her, It was made and given by Mr. Wendt, and of 10 guineas value. It bore the following inscription:—' Presented to Miss Richman on laying the foundation-stone of St. John's, Coromandei Valley, December 21, 1872.' In the evening the workmen engaged upon the building were provided with a supper at the Belair Hotel. MEETING OF WESLAYAN LAYMEN. On Monday last upwards of 60 office-bearers from the Adelaide and Port Circuits attended at a meeting convened by circular, and which was held in tho Town Hall Buildings. The object was to ascertain, as fully as possible, at the forthcoming quarterly meetings throughout the colony what the wish of the Methodist people is on two or three important matters which will have to come before the Conference in Sydney in January next, 60 that the Confe- rence might be able to deal satisfactorily with these questions. Mr. John Colton having; been voted to the chair, the meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which Mr. J. D. Hill was ap- pointed Secretary of the meeting and of the Commitee. In introducing the business of the meeting the Chairman said he thought that on some particular and special occasions it was as proper for laymen to meet together and confer on Church matters as it was for a meeting composed wholly of ministers to do the same, and the present .juncture he believed was such a time; for the important question of whether there, should be a separate Confe- rence for South Australia had been discussed in the Financial District Meeting, when it appeared that almost all the ministers wished this colony to be attached to the Victorian Conference, and nearly all the laymen then present wished the idea of the last Australian Conference held in Melbourne to be carried out, namely, that South Australia should have a separate annual Conference of its own. He said the subject of lay representation would also be brought forward that afternoon— a question which was occupying the attention of Metho- dists all over the world, and which had been successfully adopted in the Methodist Episcopal Church of America. The Chairman remarked that the present was a crisis in their history, and he hoped the meeting would thoughtfully consider both these important questions in the spirit of loyal attachment to their Church insti- tutions. Mr. J. D. Hill moved the first resolution as follows:— 'That this meeting approves of the plan of local Conferences, as passed by the last annual Conference, and believes that the time has fully come when such an arrange- ment should be concluded ; and this meeting also expresses its hope that no action of the next Conference will prevent South Australia Laving its local Conference, in common with the other Australian Colonies.' He said he had not prepared a speech; but as he had put his name to the circular he was prepared to stand by his act, and do the best he could on this occasion, especially when he was helping to carry out the decision of the last Australasian Conference. He would remind the meeting that the district meeting in Mel- bourne carried by a unanimous vote that the did not wish to have anything to do with South Australia. He found, so far as his observation went, that almost every layman in the colony wished to have a distinct South Australian Conference, and he hoped at the December; quarterly meetings their frisnds would thoroughly ventilate the question and remit their views to the Conference in Sydney. He also rebutted the objection that the Colonial Conference would be more expensive, that the ministers would be longer away from their Circuits, and that exchange of ministers from one colony to another would be impracticable, and showed from the stand taken in Victoria that there was not the slightest chance of the Conference ever being held in this colony, unless we had a Conference of our own. Mr. A. BAKER, from Brighton, in seconding the resolution, disclaimed any feeling antago- nistic to the ministers, but said he wished to work in harmony with them by having a fair understanding on the important subject now before the meeting. He would have been glad if friends could have been present from all parts of the colony, so that there might have been free interchange of thought, in order to arrive at the best course to be adopted ; but owing to the season of the year and the short- ness of the time this was found to be imprac- ticable. A question having been asked as to the consti- tution of the triennial general Conference, the CHAIRMAN read a minute passed at the last Conference, from which it appeared that free interchange of ministers was then provided for. Mr. H. CODD said he presumed the object of the meeting was simply to show their approval of the course suggested by the last Conference. Mr. J. LLOYD thought they ought to express their firm opinions, so that the four ministers who were going to the Conference to represent them might be able to do so properly. In fact it was their duty to do so, or how could they re- present them at all? Mr. THOS. RHODES concurred with the reso- ution. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and was carried by a unanimous vote. Mr. G. W. COTTON moved the second resolu- ion, which he read as follows:— 'That, with a view of consolidating and popularising our Wesleyan Church institutions, and rendering them more effective in their aggressive character, this meeting considers it of paramount im- portance for the peace, welfare, and sustenta- tion of the Church that immediate steps be taken to secure a fair and equal proportion of lay representation, with the ministers in all our Church Courts of legislation.' He, like the nover of the first resolution, had had no time to prepare a speech. He believed that the Wesleyan Church and the Roman Catholic Church were the only two denominations where the laymen were not admitted into full con- fidence in Church matters. He was of opinion, however, that, for want of mutual advice and co-operation, both parties were the losers, and it was high time that a united effort should be made for the welfare of their Church. The attendance of laymen at the Conference would now be much easier than heretofore. In America lay representation had been introduced into the Methodist Episcopal Church, and its operation was highly approved of there. The. ministers were waiting for them to express an opinion. The Chairman of the District said that at the last District Meeting he was waiting for the laymen to introduce the subject, and another minister expressed his regret that so good an opportunity had not been improved by the laymen by bringing the subject forward. Mr. J. S. GREER seconded. He found that the Irish Conference fully approved of lay representation, but they desired to follow rather than lead in a work which they knew the English Conference would soon introduce. He said the Disestablished Church of Ireland had in its constitution appointed one layman to each minister, and had refused to admit of voting by orders. Mr. J. D. BONE would yield to no man in the firm stand he would make in favour of lay repre- sentation ; but still he feared the Conference would not at present entertain the question, and the carrying of this resolution might jeopardize the former one. Mr. LLOYD thought as the next would be the last Australasian Conference that there was a strong reason why lay representation should now be brought before it, and that each quarterly meeting should pronounce its wishes very distinctly on this question. Mr. GRASBY was also of opinion that this was the very time when the subject should be brought prominently forward. Mr. J. D. HILL feared if both subjects were brought forward at the same time it might interfere with the carrying of a Conference for South Australia. Mr. BAILEY (Port) thought no subject had for years past been so much canvassed as this, and that it should be at once brought to the front. Mr. W. G. COOMBS read a short extract from an English paper, showing that the well-known minister, the Rev. C. Prest, spoke in the British Wesleyan Conference emphatically in favour of lay representation, and that a Com- mittee of ex-Presidents had been appointed to consider the subject during the current year. Mr. DIVERALL (Port) thought the two reso- lutions would not interfere one with the other, if both were remitted to the Conference through the December quarterly meetings. Mr. T. MARTIN was quite satisfied it would be wise to send both on together. The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously. A Committee was then appointed to give effect to the wishes of the meeting, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman having been passed, the meeting was closed with the benediction. SUNDAY-SCHOOL TEACHERS' UNION. On Monday evening, December 23, the inaugural meeting of the South Australian Sunday-School Teachers' Union was held in the Stow Memorial Schoolroom. There was a very large attendance, and Mr. John Colton, J.P., presided. A hymn from the ' Christian Hymnal' having been sung, and the Rev. C. B. Symes having engaged in prayer, the Chair- man explained the objects of the Union, and Mr. L. Grayson, Secretary, read the report as follows: — 'At the suggestion of the Sunday School Union in England a meeting for prayer on behalf of Sunday-schools was held in the Stow Church Schoolroom on the 21st October, at which a fair number of teachers were present. After this meeting a few Superintendents of schools met, and suggested the formation in this colony of a Sunday-School Teachers' Union. A meeting was called on November 5 of Superin- tendents of all the schools in North and South Adelaide, at which most of the schools were represented, and it was decided that the formation of this Union was very desirable. A Committee was accordingly appointed to draw up a code of rules to be submitted to every school in Adelaide. Copies of these rules were accordingly sent to Superintendents of, we believe, all the schools. If any school has not received copies it has been entirely owing to the difficulty of ascertaining the names of the gentlemen to whom they had to be sent. Any omissions in this respect will, we trust, be pardoned by those, if any present, to whom these rules should have been forwarded. Several meetings have since been held, at which the officers for the ensuing year were elected. The officers are:— President, J. Colton, Esq.; Treasurer, Mr. S. Whitmore; Secretaries, Mr. L. Grayson, Minute Secretary, and Mr. Burford, Corresponding Secretary. The names of the Committee, including the officers, are as follows:— Church of England— Mr. Webb, St. John's Church; Mr. Wm. Shakespeare, St Luke's. Wesleyans— Mr. J. Colton, Pirie- street ; Mr. Thompson, Franklin-street ; Mr. Gartrell, Gilbert-street; Mr. Robin, Archer- street, North Adelaide; Mr. Sampson, Harriett- street. Congregationalists — Mr. Grayson, Stow Church ; Mr. Adamson, Halifax- street; Mr. Whitmore, Hindmarsh-square; Mr. Frost, North Adelaide; Mr. Pratt, Stanley-street, North Adelaide. Presby- terians — Mr. J. Steele, Chalmers Church; Mr. Skethewav. Flinders-street. Baptists— Mr. C. Kelsey, Tynte-street, North Adelaide Mr. W. Neill, Flinders-street. Disciples of Christ— Mr. Burford. Primitive Methodists— Mr. Pearson, Morphett-street; Mr. Marsh, North Adelaide. Bentham- street Chapel— Mr. H. C. Richardson. Zion Chapel— Mr. Finlayson, Bible Christians— Mr. Thos. Richards. New Con- nexion Methodists— Mr. J. A. Bagshaw and Mr. F. C. Curtin. St. Andrew's Church— Mr. Fletcher. Before closing our brief report we would urg- upon you the importance of the different schools ia the colony forming a Union such as the one now instituted. The good that may ensue from this step appears immense. The bare fact of teachers of the young occasionally meeting together for prayer, and giving to each other the right hand of fellowship, must, we think while encouraging those who are working earnestly in their Master's vineyard, tend to instil new life into the hearts of some who perhaps may be feeling lukewarm in the work. We therefore commend this matter to your con- sideration, trusting that our Lord and Master, in whose service we are engaged, may abun- dantly bless our efforts in seeking to form a bond of union between teachers of all Christian bodies.' The Rev. T. J. Smyth, M.A., moved the adop- tion of the report. The Rev. S. Mead. M.A., LL.B., seconded. The motion was carried unanimously. In putting it, the Chairman stated that there would be about 400 teachers in the Union. The Rev. J. Lyall then addressed the meeting on the aims of the Sabbath-school teachers. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., expressed his hope for the success of the Union, and then spoke forcibly on the topic, 'The training of teachers.' The meeting was closed in the usual way. THE BUSHMAN'S CLUB. Friday, December 20, was a red-letter day to the bushmen of South Australia at present staying in Adelaide. At about 9 a.m. three large and well-filled omnibuses, started, accom- panied by the Concordia Brass Band, from the Club-House in Whitmore-square, under a good display of bunting, their destination being the seashore at Glenelg, where the bushmen and their friends spent the day. On their way they drove past the Register and Observer Offices, and there gave three hearty cheers for Mr. W. K. Thomas, one of the Trustees of the Club; they visited the Advertiser Office and gave cheers there also, after which they proceeded on their journey, nothing daunted by a pelting shower which was falling at the time. At Glenelg a very pleasant day was spent in games of quoits, football, and other sports. A tent, which they took with them, was erected, and in this a good supply of refreshments was provided. The greatest harmony prevailed, and the men, necessarily having somewhat kindred tastes, enjoyed to the fullest extent the com- pany of each other. At about 4 p.m. they started on the return journey under the joyous strains of music, and arrived at the Club-House at about 5 o'clock. The appearance of the Club and ground presents a marked difference to that of last year, and is vastly improved. A new wing is now added, and the garden has been laid out in beds, and shows signs of care and cultivation, The place was gaily decorated with flags, in- ternally as well as externa]ly. It is pleasant to observe that careful provision is made for the bushman's true and often in his loneliness his only friend— his dog. Neat little houses are erected, and kept remarkably clean, and in them we noticed several canine tenants. On the return of the party from the sea-side the opening of the new Dining Hall took place. The ceremony was performed by Mr. J. H. ANGAS, M.P., who explained that the object of their assembling was to for- mally open that new wing to the building which had been erected in consequence of the accommodation being insufficient for the number of men who had joined the institution. They had been obliged to build according to their resources— to cut the garment according to the cloth— but had they had sufficient funds they would have taken to have erected a new building entirely. They were however, compelled to put it up by degrees, and they had built these two wings with the view of carrying out the design which was exhibited in the library. The building just completed formed the eastern wing of the general plan, and comprised a dining-room 40 by 25 feet, and a smoking-room 25 by 16 feet, separated by a movable partition, so that the whole could be thrown into one hall, when required, measuring 65 by 25 feet, and having a height of 18 feet. Ample provision was made for ventilation, both by the windows and the roof. When the friends of the institution were in a position to warrant the erection of the central building it was intended to connect the east wing with a dormitory in the same manner as the west wing, which was erected last year, and with which it corresponded in exterior. The style of the building was Italian, and was carried out in hard bluestone, with dressings of cement. The contract was taken at £540 by Mr. Farr, who carried out the work under the direction of Mr. James Cumming, as architect. He ended by formally declaring the hall to be open. The company having given three cheers for Mr. Angas sat down to dinner, an excellent spread having been provided. THE ANNUAL MEETING was afterwards held. There was a large atten- dance of bushmen and others. The President (Mr. J. H. Angas, M. P.) occupied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. J. M. Solomon, M.P., W. K. Thomas, J.P., R. L. Coward, and other friends of the institution. The Superintendent read the report of the Board of Management for the year ending 9th December, 1872, which contained the following information: — 'It will be necessary to get a clear idea of the work done during the past twelvemonth to draw a slight sketch of transactions during the first and second years' of the Club's existence. 'You will probably remember that in the beginning of 1870 the present premises were rented from Mr. Jas. Hosktng for £110 per annum, and that it was strongly recommended by the Board (at the first annual meeting) that measures should be taken to secure the free- hold to save that £110. In 1871 negotiations were opened with Mr. Hosking, which resulted in the purchase of sufficient land and buildings for present purposes for the sum of £1,000 cash down on a given day. It will also be re- membered that George Fife Angas, Esq., came to the fore, and (as the Committee had not so large a sum in hard cash, in hand) lent £500 without interest for twelve months; that through this timely generous act on the part of Mr. Angas, sen., the liberal donations of our worthy Chairman, and the subscriptions of the bushmen themselves, together with the efficient services of the Hon. Superintendent 'William,' must be attributed the security and present favourable condition of the Club. It will be remembered that, on account of more sleeping accommodation being requirod, it was resolved to add a new wing to the building, and on the 23rd September, Ib71, the foundation stone of a dormitory was formally laid by D. Murray, Esq., M.P. The building was finished and opened for use on the 14th November following. 'It was also suggested by the Board at last annual meeting that a large dining-room would soon be needed to keep pace with the growing requirements for space. Shortly after this it was suggested by Mr. Angas to draw up a petition to Parliament. This was carried out by C. B. Young, Esq., and was duly presented by Messrs. D. Murray and L. Glyde, asking for a supplementary grant of £500, which sum was placed on the Estimates for 1872; also that a frontage on Gilbert street be secured to the Club. ' Your Board are now in a position to state that the Government grant of £500 was duly received, but conditionally :— 1st. That a like sum of £500 be raised by private subscriptions. 2nd. That in the event of the undertaking proving a failure the money borrowed from H.M. Government be returned. 'To meet the first requirement the bulk of the subscriptions were soon raised, the following gentlemen generously giving each the handsomer sum of £100 .—Messrs. G. F. Angas, J. H. Angas, T. Elder, and Captain W. W. Hughes; the balance was made up by the bushmen and their friends. ' A frontage on Gilbert-street (before alluded to) of 148 feet was secured to the Club in February last for the sum of £233. Messrs. J. H. Angas, Hon. Thos. Elder, and D. Murray undertook the responsibility in this case, there being no funds to spare; and these gentlemen, together with Messrs. Anstey & Giles, W. Duffield, and H. B. Hughes, eventually made t a present to the Club. 'On the 13th July last notice was received from Mr. Angas, sen., stating that in accordance with the request of the Trustees he had agreed to allow the promissory-note for £500 that day due to stand over for another year— again with out interest. But the kindness of Mr. Angas was not to rest here; he did more than that, for on the 28th August last the Hon. Superinten- dent received a note from our respected Chair- man, stating that on £500 being raised by subscriptions for the Building Fund of the Club; his father would give back to the Trustees the promissory-note due to him in July, 1873. In consequence of this a fund has bean opened, called the Angas Contingent Fund, and it is now urged upon the bushmen and the friends of the bushmen to make a strong effort to obtain this noble gift of Mr. Angas's. ' Again, it has recently beea found necessary to increase the accommodation by the addition of a second wing to the building, which will cost between £500 and £600, and on the 2nd July our Board offered to provide £250 out of the current funds if the other part was raised by the friends of the institution. As the matter was very pressing and it was considered desirable that the building should be ready for use after hearing time, application was made to Mr. J. H. Angas again, who considerately offered an advance £250, without interest, for one year, to meet the wishes of the Board, and by his so doing it enabled the Board to commence building at once, and the fine dining-hail we are now assembled in is the result of that act of kindness. 'A policy of insurance has been executed on the building for the sum of £800, another on the furniture and fittings for £300. Last meeting it was reported that accommodation was provided for 47 persons; we can now state that the Home is prepared to receive 60 persons without overcrowding, the large room lately used for dining purposes having been converted into a dormitory containing 12 beds. 'There have been 234 tickets of membership issued during the past year. The total number reported last meeting was 640; those added together make a total of 876 tickets issued since the opening of the Club in May, 1870. There are now 271 good on the list, and though there is a falling off in the number of members there is a considerable increase in the number of boarders.' After alluding to the causes of the decline in membership, and to the Labour-Office, Post- Office, and Library connected with the institu- ion, the report continued; — 'The number of weekly boarders admitted during the year was 580; casual, about 620; travelling bushmen relieved, 69; showing an in- crease on last year's report of 217 weekly boarders, 120 casual boarders, 34 travellers, &c.;, relieved. The highest number of inmates at one time in the institution, 52; last year's report gives 33. 'In the savings department there have been large sums in cash received and paid back in instalments, and a number of cheques, drafts, Savings Bank pass-books, &c.;, have been left in the Superintendent's custody. 'There are also the chests, swags, bags, parcels of clothing, &c;, of over 80 different bushmen left in store, while the owners of same are away in the country to their work. 'There have been four cases of death in the Hospital of men belonging to the Club during the past year, and the sum of £8 4s. wi th a silver watch was turned over to the Curator of Intestate Estates, and a proper receipt obtained, for same.' Thanks were also tendered to the Messrs. Angas and others for the help they had rendered the institution. The financial statement was read, and showed: —Assets— Land and premises, £2,022 9s. 3d.; furniture and fittings, £499 4s. 6d. ; cash in hand at date, £51 10s. 3d.— total assets. £2,573 4s. Liabilities— Loan due to Mr. G. F. Angas, £500; overdraft at Bank of Australasia at date, £147 12s. 6d.— total liabilities, £647. 12s. 6d. Excess of assets over liabilities, £1,925 11s. 6d. In reference to Mr. Angas's loan of £500, it was stated that it was lent without interest, and on the understanding that if an equal amount should be raised by July 5, 1873, it should form part of the estate of the Club. Mr. R. L. COWARD moved— 'That the very satisfactory report and finan- cial statement now read be adopted and published for the information of absent members and friends ; and that the measure of success which has attended this establishment demands from this meeting an expression of devout thanks to God, and lays a greater obligation upon all concerned in its prosperity.' Mr. JAMES JOYCE moved, and Mr. CHARLES LEWIS seconded, and it was resolved — ' That the thanks of the bushmen generally, and of the members of the Club particularly, are hereby tendered to the Trustees— Messrs. J. H. Angas, D. Murray, and W. K. Thomas ; to the Board of Management — Messrs. S. Daven- port, H. Giles, and C. B. Young; to Messrs. G. P. Angas, J. H. Angas, Hon. T. Elder, Captain W. W. Hughes, Messrs, H. B. Hughes, D. & W. Murray, and other kind and considerate friends for their practical sympathy and support; and that the following gentlemen now nominated— Messrs. H. Giles, C. B. Young, and R. A, Tarlton —be appointed as a Board of Management for the ensuing year.' Mr. ALEXANDER R. STEWART moved, and 'WILLIAM' seconded, a vote of thanks to the President. Carried. The PRESIDENT having returned thanks, Mr. JOHN BRYAN moved a vote of thanks to the Superintendent. Mr. WM. PATTERSON seconded. The motion was carried, and three hearty cheers were given for ' William.' The PRESIDENT remarked that 'William' had rendered his services gratuitously, and his modesty would not allow him to make a speech. He had zealously and industriously worked for their good, and he was sure that although he would receive no reward from their hands, he would have his reward from a higher Power. The proceedings of the day terminated in a highly successful concert. BlBLE CHRISTIAN BAZAAR. The fancy sale, which has been for some time talked about, in aid of the Trust Fund of the Bible Christian Missiou-House, recently took place in the Exchange-room of the Town Hall. The Rev. O. Lake officiated at the opening, and the, affair was attended prin cipally by ladies. The place was deco rated tastefully with flags and evergreens, as much use as possible being made of the latter in the adornment of the pillars which stand in the centre. Bound the sides of the building the tables, or rather what appeared to be the various sections of one large stall, were placed, and on them articles of various descrip- tion were deposited ia positions calculated to tempt the visitors into making purchases. The goods comprised amongst other things wool work, embroidery, cushions of various colours and patterns, shell-covered baskets, leather work, prettily assorted toilet sets, fantastic - looking toys, embrac- ing diminutive models of a variety of articles, from the almost ' full-grown' doll, and the numerous wooden inhabitants of Noah's arks, to tea and coffee services and household ware. The holiday season being now so near it was thought advisable to have a Christmas tree. This was therefore provided by branches of evergreens being attached as naturally as possible to one of the pillars. On the projec- tions numerous prizes were hung, and the whole presented an attractive appearance. The ladies who presided at the stalls were Mesdames Campbell, Rickards, Long, Hosking, and Lake, Misses Long, Rickards, and Pellew. THE ROMAN CATHOLIC SEE OF ADELAIDE. In a late issue the Irish Harp write. :— ' We understand that the vacant Bishopric of Adelaide has been offered successively to the Bishop of Bathurst, the Bishop of Maitland, and the President of Waterford College, and that each of these gentlemen has solicited permission to decline the office.' 