CHAPTER VII. JOHN SMITH. Yet his charlot lingers Yet around his home Broods a ehadow silently, .Midst the joys of Borne.-Hernani. The man who had made the slight disturbance at the church door certainly seemed no guest for a fashionable wedding. His appearance was, to say the least of it, rough and coarse, and his manner anything but polite He wore an old fustian suit, patched and disreputable looking, and a slouched hat, which he pulled down over his eyes His hair and beard, which were gray and ragged, looked as if they had not known a comb and brush for weeks, and hung about his throat and shoulders m elf like nfusion. Round his neck he wore an old blue dkerchief, of the almost forgotten birchf-eye pat- tern, and his feet were encased m a pan- of very dila Î«dated " bluchers " He was very much interested n Miss Cameron's wedding, apparently, for he had been at the bouse before he visited the church One of the maids, shaking her carpets, and flirting with the grooms m the mews behmd the house, was accosted by him, long before the family were Burring " Which is Mr Cameron's ?" he asked " This " replied the girl shortly "Ah5 And his daughter's to be married to-day, ain't she ?" "Yes." "Miss Cameron-Miss Madeline Cameron is her name, isn't if" " Yea Whaf s that to you '" " Nothing-oh, nothing at all ' Miss Cameron, he, be, he '" ' What do you want0" asked the girl, half frightened at the man s strange manner " What's it to you what our young lady's name ia ?" " Oh, nothing I'd like to see her before she goes to church, that's all " "See Miss Cameron! Well, that's a good one," eaid the girl, laughmg " Why, my good man, no one will see her this morning-not even anyone m the house, tall she comes down dressed for church " " Ho, won't they ! Then my cunosity won't wait that's all You see, miss, I know your young lady a little-that is, I've seen her, and I'd bave liked to wish her joy, that's alL Will you tell her that someone at Malmes Game to wish her every happi- ness when she's my Lady Roehampton ?" ' I never speak to Miss Cameron, and don't sup- pose she'd care for messages from the likes of you if I did," was the haughty answer The housemaid felt quite astonished st the strange man's impudence m addressing her at all "Well, I dare say she wouldn't," was all the answer be made, and he walked off, chuckling to himself m a manner which the girl declared was enough to frighten anyone She recounted her adventure to her companions m the kitchen, over a slight refection of tea and hot toast, relieved by all the cold meats and etceteras the cook thought fit to produce, and gave it as her opinion that Miss Cameron must have known some queer people abroad, if such a man as this tramp, or whatever he was, could claim acquaintance with her During their comfortable repast rather a curious incident occurred The under housemaid, having been summoned upstairs to render some slight ser- vice to the busy pnestesses of the toilette, came down pale and frightened, and almost in hysterics Questioned regarding what aded her, she declared she had seen a ghost. Further questioned as to whose it was, she asserted it was Mr Roehampton's, that the bad met him at the top of the front staircase, and that he had gone into Mr Camerons dressing room, the door of which was open They scouted the idea of a ghost, but thought it odd that the bndegroom should appear m the house »o oddly and suddenly at such a time, and they thought no more about the matter until Mr Roe- hampton's valet Informed them that his master had not left his hotel till he started for the church In- deed, he said the bndgroom had been very weaned, and had lam till the last moment before he got up at .IL Almost simultaneously with this information, they learned that their master had lost a diamond ring which had been left on the mantel-piece in his dress- ing room. He said but little about it before he went to church. He did not want to worry his daughter he said , but he notified bia loss to the housekeeper and butler, and they were taking measures to dis- cover the thief while the wedding party were away. Jenny M'Pherson was bantered aboat bar ghost," and one and all concurred in believing that she had seen some one who was the thief, and having her head full of Mr. Roehampton, had invested the per- son, whoever it was, with his face and form Meanwhile the man whose questioning hsd so much astonished the other servant, made his way to the church, and loitered about outside, to the great disgust of the officials and the west-end policeman who was taking the wedding and the assembled company vraaer ms special protection, and keeping off the boys. He looked curiously at the red cloth spread out upon the steps for the bride to tread on, and at the smart people who were assembling;, and chuckled oddly to himself " Miss Madeline Cameron," he said " Miss Came- ron ; oh, oh I Does he know, I wonder t" u Now then, move on there," said the policeman, irate at the appearance of such a guest as this among the fashionables. " Get out of this, my man you cant block up the road " ' J " I'm blocking no one's road ; and I've as much right to see the fun as any of these respectable folks," he said, glaring at the people who were crowding round the door. "Mr. Cameron and his daughter are'fnends of mine, and I've come rather unexpectedly to the wedding ; that is all." Again he chuckled with unpleasant merriment and his gray hair shook about as he wagged his head' to and fro ra his mirth. He was a curiously repul auve looking person, this newwedding guest, except that he had a pair of keen black eyes, with a sparkle of merriment in tbem. " Come, none of that," the policeman said surlily. "If yon won't move on, why I must take you up, and see what they'll say to you at the office." "Ay,do; blow that pretty whistle of yours {you can't move you know), and tell your mates to take me to the office. Mr. Cameron, nor Miss either, wouldn't thank you much for making me open my mouth, I can tell you. You're a smart man, No. 101 ; but don't you be too smart, or you may come to grief some of these fine days." The crowd laughed, and No. 101 felt very foolish. He didn't quite know what to do ; the man was TriftlriTier no disturbance, and he had as much right to be tiiere as any of the well-dressed people whom he had allowed to congregate on the pathway. He .satisfied himself 'by telling bim to mind what he was about,-and cuffing the very smallest boy he could see, to avenge his wounded dignity. Mean- time the bridegroom drove up, and the stranger scrutinised bim attentively. " So thafs my Lord Roehampton's »on, is it V he .aid. " A fin» young spark ha is, too, I wish him i joy of his bnde, the banker's daughter Ah 1 here she is-a dainty piece of goods, fit to be my lady pretty and virtuous, and everything that's pure and innocent, I'll be bound " He laughed more than ever as Madelme Cameron passed into the church, his merriment was so hearty now that he bad to put his hands in his pockets and stamp about to give vent to his feelings st the eight of the fair bnde " Come, stop that," the policeman said. " If you want to stamp about and laugh like a hyena, go somewhere else and do it, the church door is no place for such tomfoolery " " No, and I'll comport myself with becoming gravity," said the obnoxious visitor I'm going m to see the wedding, I am " " Oh no, you ain t My orders are to admit only those invited Where's 3 our card of invitation (" "Bnng me face to face with Mr Cameron or his daughter, and you'll soon see whether I've any right to be here or not And as to cards of invitation, a church is free to all You can't binder me going m " But the policeman would and did, and there- upon ensued the altercation, which made itself heard even in the church, and which ended in Archibald Cameron being so completely overcome at the eight of the man in the hands of the police The man went quietly enough to the office, and gave his name with a furtive grin as John Smith But there was no case against him, be had done nothing which the utmost twisting of the law or the somewhat spiteful evidence of the policeman, could turn into an offence He only wanted to see a wed- ding, which hundreds of other people had met to see His only sin was that he was not so well dressed as the others, and that he had presumed to " chaff the offended dignitary m charge. So he was perforce let go, and warned, m the usual style, not do it again, and he made his way to Mr Cameron's bouse and heard of the catastrophe which bad befallen that gentleman, and of the loss of the diamond nug. The same gul he had seen in the morning was his informant, she had been sent out on some errand, and he waylaid her to enquire " I'd have given a good bit to have seen the old gent or his daughter," he said " It would have been better for them, too I'm sorry, really now, though you mightn't think it, that he s ill What do the doctors say ?" " I don't know," replied the girl, Bhortly "It's my belief he's dying, and don't you come prowling sbout the house any more, or you might be taken up on suspicion There's notice been given about it at the office " " Ah, I dare say, and the police are very wise- J they won't suspect me, my dear Good-bye, I'll I come again when Mr Cameron gets better he'll see me fast enough " " And j ou'll bring trouble with you when you do some," said the girl to herself, as he shuffled oS Somehow or other he had frightened her-this queer- looking tramp-and as he turned away he shot a glance at her out of his bright eyes that did not accord with his grizzled hair and elderly gait For a moment he seemed to grow lithe and young, but it was only for a moment, when she looked again he was plodding on with the slight limp which had characterised him ra their first interview She thought long and earnestly about it, but there was trouble enough ra the bouse, and she held her tongue, like a sensible girl Meanwhile the man walked away, holding communion with himself " I've a good hand," he said. " Which card Bhall shall I play first ? There's the young beauty herself -she's mv ace of trumps I'll hold her back Her father, he was the king till this unlucky mischance. I must keep him for the present The husband, Mr. Noel Soebampton ought to have been the best card ra the pack If I knew this match was all for love, I'd play him at once, but it ma>n't be-and then if I try him, down topples all my castle I won't pla} at ail-I'll wait and see what comes of it " It was a sorrowful thing for Madeline Cameron to spend her bridal day-that should have been so JOJ - ful-ra her father's darkened room The guests who had assembled to eat that splendid wedding break- fast dispersed in burned alarm when the insensi- ble form of their host was borne into the house, Madeline put off her bridal array, and, with her hus- band, took her place by her father's side to await the flat of the doctors What had caused the attack no one had any idea The lady who had shared the car- riage with the banker could tell nothing but that he had been suddenly seized with the fit after taking his place It o one thought of associating his seizure with the appearance of the tramp, or what- ever he was, st the church door until the physician who had been first summoned came His verdict was a favourable one. " Don't be so distressed, my dear young lady," be said to Madeline "Believe me, your father will soon recover His health and constitution are alike good This has arisen from some sudden shock." * But he has had none " " Pardon me, none that you know, perhaps. I feel assured it is an affair of the brain and nerves Was there not some little disturbance at the church this morning'1" " I believe there was," said N oel Roehampton, look- ing up somewhat surprised at the apparently irrele- vant question Some drunken person trying to get in, I believe We did not see anything of it " " But Mr Cameron perhaps did Pardon me, if I seem inquisitive, Mrs Roehampton , but do you know of anj one likely to extort money from your father, or be troublesome to him ovor any real or fancied secret ?" "A secret 1" said Madeline, blushing rosy red at being called by her new name, and then suddenly turning ashy pale, as if with terror ' No, I don t know of anyone Whyr" ' Because there was a man brought up before us this morning at the Police Court, charged with dis- turbing you at church, who declared he knew your father, and talked a lot of rubbish about a secret that would be worth money to him We couldn't detain bim There was no actual crime against him, so he was let go, and- My dear Miss Cameron-Mrs Roehampton, I should say-are you ill P This has been too much for you " He passed his arm round her, and placed her in a chair She was deathly pale, and shivered as if with cold, though the day was hot They put a glass of wine to her lips, and her colour began to return and heart to beat less wildly. "It is nothing," she said, struggling with her faintnesa-" nothing. I wasfnghtened and upset, that was all This man, Dr Alexander-what was he like s" " Oh, an ill-looking fellow-elderly " " Elderly ' Are you sure P" " Well, I should say he was a good deal over fifty His hair and beard were gray, and he walked like an old man " " I never heard papa speak of any such person," she replied. "Thank j ou, I am quite well now Then y ou really think that he will be better soon ?" " I think, with perfect quiet, that m four and twenty hours he will be talking to you again Be cheerful m his presence, and try and do every- thing he wishes This lund of illness (be would not speak the ternble word paralysis yet) is often aggra- vated by the difficulty of understanding what the patient says or wanta Keep up jour apintB, you will go on your bndal tour yet I will see you this afternoon " "My darling, what temfied you so?" Noel Roe- hampton asked his bnde when the doctor had gone Mr Cameron had fallen into a dose, but had seemed to know them a little before he went to sleep, and Madeline began to hope that there might be some truth in what the doctor said " I don't know, Noel I thought-that is I was afraid-it might be something connected with what I told you I fancied, perhaps, that he was not j dead " I "Nonsense, my love You are over-excited and frightened Nothing material of him can come back, and his ghost won't hurt us much If this is he, he has taken a different form-you heard it was an old man the doctor spoke of " " Yes, but it made me think Oh, Noel, if such a thing could happen-if he were not dead after all '" " Well, my own Maddy, what then P" asked the young husband, drawing her closer to his breast, and caressing her fair bair " We know it can't, but what would you do if it could f" " Die, N oel 1" »he said, passionately " I could not live without you !" She clung to him and kissed him, and he felt that there would indeed be little else for him to do should anything happen to part bim from his darl- ing bnde The physician was right-less than twenty four hours sufncied to restore the banker, partially at least, to his senses He could not speak, but he knew those about him, and the next morning he was able to call his daughter by ber name and to say a few words to her and her husband Dr Alexander must have been nght m his conjecture, for the first intelligible question Mr Cameron addressed to those who watched him by his bedside concerned tbe man who had made the disturbance at the church in the morning, 