SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1873. The third part of tho report of the Civil Service Commission deals with the subject of promotion, concerning which the framera of the document.state that after giving it their most careful consi- deration, they are unable to suggest any alteration in the present system of selec- tion by the Ministers of the Crown, ex- cepting that it would bo desirable to extend the field of choice beyond the particular department in which a vacancy might occur. This would be in con- sonance with the terms of the last Civil Service report, which recommended that the service should, with reference to pro- motions, bo treated as a whole, so that if an officer in one department exhibited aspecial capacity for performing the work of another, he mightbe transferred thither, and the round pegs would thus stand a chance of getting into the round holes. It is also recommended that a board should be established, to which should be referred all matters relating to pro- motion as well as all questions connected with the administration, efficiency, and welfare of the public service. Where officers havo retired on a compensation allowance, and have subsequently been re-employed, it is very properly pro- posed that they should refund the com- pensation so received. As regards the question of penalties and dismissals, it is remarked that the punitive powers conferred by the pre sont act have been leniently exercised, but at i the same time it is pointed out that the system under which officers are put upon thoir trial may bo advantageously altered by referring all charges brought against thom to a public service board, such as has been already instituted in Canada, under the authority of Parliament. But instead of being composed of heads of depart- ments, power should bo given to the Governor in Council to name, at the commencement of each year, certain persons who should constitute this board, which, it is suggested, might hereafter assume the character and func- tions of a public sendee commission, re porting annually to Parliament by means of | a paid secretary. The obnoxious civil service regulations are defended on the ground of their having been since adopted almost verbatim by the Now Zealand Government, although indolence might . have, had quite as much to do with their adoption as approbation, just as a loafer prefers borrowing a shilling to earning one by hard work. It is, however, recom- mended that these regulations should be revised from time to time, with the view of introducing such modifications as may remove any unreasonable interference with officers in the public service. It is further suggested that the present act should be amended, so as to admit of the punishment, by deprivation of in- crement, reduction of salary, debase- ment of class, or dismissal, of those officers who habitually neglect their duties in small particulars, secretly fuddle their brains with liquor, or show general inefficiency. With respect to leave of absence, the commissioners are clearly of opinion that an annual respite from duty is not only due to the' officers but advantageous to the state, and that for the purpose of insuring this leave being obtained by the applicants, supernumeraries should be brought in to act as relieving , clerks. Instead of allowing officers who have been in the service ten years a i twelvemonth's leave of absence "to ?" visit Europe or some other distant " country" on half pay, it is proposed to extend the term of service to fifteen .years, and'to givethe person thus qualified ,to receive a long holiday, six months' ¡leave of absence on full pay, with the option of a further vacation of six months without sr kuy. As to the public holidays, no curtailment is re icommended, but it is suggested that .they should be made to correspond with those observed by the banks and public companies. The whole question ot superannuation appears to have been very fully and ¡carefully considered, and this pait of íthe íepoit is both copious and compre ihensive. What is proposed is this, 'that a payment of 2 per cent, on all salaries up to ,£300, and of 3 per ¡cent, upon the portion of salary above 'that amount, should be levied upon all public servants, and should fall into the .general revenue. In return for this, !the Government to guarantee to the officers and their families the advantages .set forth in detail in clauses 82 and 90 of !tho report, which wo published yester .day. These would include a pension to peisons compelled to retire, after ten .years' service, by mental or bodily affliction, and to officers over 65, calcu- lated upon the basis of one- sixtieth of Ids salary for every year of service, the maximum never to exceed thirty-six- tieths ; and a gratuity to the widow or children of an officer dying in the ser- vice from sickness, not exceeding one month's pay for each year of service. In the seventh part of the reporta number of miscellaneous matters of detail aie dealt with, one of these .being the concentration of public offices, in regard to which the commissioners animadvert upon the scattered situation and inconvenient arrangement of the public offices as at present constituted, and give it as their opinion that " the " bulk of the business of every dcparfc " mont should be conducted under the " supervision of the higher officers, in " one large room, similar to the general " office of banking and kindiod public " institutions." The desirableness of establishing a fidelity guarantee fund is also touched upon, and the establish- ment of this fund is a duty which is consideied to devolve upon the Govern- ment At present the assurance society premiums amount to about ¿£5,000 per annum ; and it is a fact highly credit- able to the Civil Service of Victoria, that during a period of five years, the defalcations have only amounted to £6,880 4s 2d., nearly half of which were perpetiatcd by persons who were not members of the regular staff of public servants. Finally, the report summarises the recommendations of the commissioners in about 50 paragraphs, which in reality contain the cream of the document. Having gone carefully through it, wo aie bound to acknowledge that it is ci editable to the industry and the fair- ness'of the compilers. Looking at the general tenor of the recommendations, mid without committing ourselves to any indiscriminate approbation of them -because some will necessarily invite discussion-wo may state that they indi- cate a sincere desire to promote the efficiency of the public service, while they exhibit a spirit of consideration and courtesy towards the officers of the various departments which denote that the commissioners have been favourably impressed with the character and con- duct of the servants of the state. Hence a new Civil Service Act framed- in the spirit of this report is likely to be one acceptable to all who believe that the Government ought to be able to com- mand the best ability and highest capa- city in the country, and that, in order to do so, it must pay its servants libe- rally, and, in all other respects, stimu- late their zeal and insure their per- manence and fidelity. Several Melbourne publicans were fined for Sunday trading on Thursday last, in »the District Police Court, and the nature of tho proceedings against them is deserving of some consideration. In the first place, these proceedings clearly showed that the restrictive or penal provisions of the existing Wine, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute ave quite inoperative. Among the publicans who were fined wero some of the most respect-, able in Melbourne ; and notwithstanding the excuses put forward by them, or on their behalf, the facts sworn to must im- press the public with the belief that Sun- day trading in the public-houses of Mel- bourne is the common, if not the general practice. Some of the accused professed that the trading complained of was with- out their knowledge, or without their con- sent, or against their express orders, while others asserted that the persons to whom liquor was supplied on Sunday wore lodgers in their hotels; and others, again, plainly asserted that they could not refuse to supply their regular custo- mers with beer on Sunday any moro than on any other day. The last was the best plea of the whole. Decent publicans aro some- times compelled to supply beer for family consumption on ( Sunday, by Hie intimation that if they do not do s» their customers w ill deal elsewhere on the other days of the week, and it is hard upon them that the law should force them to choose between disregard- ing its injunctions or ruining their own business. As to tlie selling of liquor OB Sunday without the knowledge of ' th» owner of a licensed house, or against hi» orders, it is not so easy to admit the force of this line of defence. If a publican finds money in rlus till on a Sunday night, ho must have a shrewd notion as to how it came there. The lodger plea, too> will not always bear examination. Except in such houses as the Albion, in which a veiy extensive lodging business is done, the landlord and his servant» very well know who are and wh» aie not inmates. But all this only shows the more clearly how unjust the present law is, and how in- juriously it operates. A law of which the public does not approve, aud which the most reputable citizens constantly evade, cannot be enforced, and should not be permitted to encumber the Sta- tute-book, since all attempts to enforce it whick are not quite ineffectual, must necessarily prove harsh and invidious. Then there is the effect of such a law upon tlie class most materiaily affected by it, viz., the publicans them- selves. When these tradesmen have to defend themselves against charges which, if proven, would involve their ruin, they aie driven to the adoption of sub- terfuges which no doubt many of themfind highly humiliating. But what are they to do ? It is truo that they may change their occupation, but how few aie there to-whom such an operation would not prove highly inconvenient, if not disastrous 1 The calling of the inn- keeper is as useful as it is ancient, and it is surely very unwise to keep laws in operation which compel those who fol- low this calling to supply the reasonable demands of the public in a secret and clandestine manner, and to live in con- stant dread of the common informer. Nothing but a radical change in the law will ever put the matter right, and the more freely the existing act is used as an instrument of terror the sooner will the necessary changes be effected. If the proprietors of Menzies', and .Scott's, and the Port Phillip Club hotels, 'were repeatedly fined for Sunday trading or for selling after 12 o'clock at night, and their respective licences forfeited in con- sequence, the absurdity of the present law would become so apparent that tlie Legislature would be compelled to tako its reform in hand. But though it would probably have an excellent effect if the penal clauses in the Wine, Beer, and Spirits Statute were enforced even more rigidly than they now aro, that is no reason why they shoidd be enforced partially and fit- fully, as at present. It is notorious that nearly every hotel in the city and suburbs does some business on Sunday, while many of them habitually sell after 12 o'clock at night. Why, then, ara not all prosecuted 1 Once in oveiy few weeks a raid is made, and a dozen or a scoie of publicans are informed against, while others equally guilty are permitted to escape. It is possible that this is due to mere caprice on the part of the police force ; but there are not wanting some who attribute it to corrupt design. Wo have no proof that corrupt motives are in operation, but otherwise it is ex- tremely difficult to explain the dealings of the constable with the publican. For instance, among those proceeded against on Thursdaylast was the proprietorof the Albion Hotel where several up-country coaches havo their head-quarters, and in which there are generally from 40 to 50 lodgers. In the case of a house like this a liberal interpretation of the statute is surely admissible, and yet we find that the prosecuting constablo used extraordinary diligence in his en- deavour to convict the proprietor of illegal acts. He made his way into the house by a devious and unusual route, and finding a gentleman inside partaking ofrefreshment, he traced him out with the utmost pains, in order to be able to prove him a married man, with a house of his own, and therefore un- likely to be a lodger in the hotel. And all the time the same con- stable must have known of dozens of other houses in which liquor is sold every Sunday, where no coaches arrive, and where, in point of fact, there is no other accommodation for lodgers than what is barely sufficient to justify the magistrates in granting the necessary licences. Another matter worthy of considera- tion is the manner in which the dealings of the constable with the publican affect thoso persons who are the publican's Sunday customers. We have seen that one such individual was traced from a hotel to his own home, and that his private history and domestic relations were duly looked up, in order to com- plete the case against the defendant innkeeper, all of which seems to us to have been a gross impertinence on the part of the police. It is not the buying of drink on Sunday that is an offence, but the selling of it, and to place a private citizen under surveillance merely because he happened to feel thirsty on that particular day in the week on which our wise legislators declaro that no such sensation shall be experienced, was as absurd as it was tyrannical. If the statute is to be enforced at all, let it be enforced all round; and when the hotels of Melbourne and its suburbs have been religiously closed on Sundays, and at 12 o'clock on week-day nights, for a month or so, tlie public will so unanimously clamour for a more liberal measure that the Legislaturo will be quite unable to resist its demand. Dr. M'OARTHY took a very proper* stop in offering to submit everything con- nected with tho Inebriate Asylum to tp.e Governmont, the commissioners of W'-j or any person or porsons. the Govornmonr, or the coinmittoo might appoint to in quire into its present condition, finan- cially or otherwise ; but it would aupo-u bv a paragraph in another column that uo has now altered his mind, and has mr»*> up his quarrel with Mr. BUCHANAN. m> fear, however, after tho public exposure «corner reconciliation will not bo enough to_rcstore confidence in the management of the'iiiBtitution. Whethor Dr. M'CARTHY holds any' othor appointment than that of " hon. secretary," or Mr. BUCHANAN bo anything more? than "hon. treasurer," is exceedingly doubtful; and by whom they were placed in those positions, whether by thorndelves or by the subscribers, cannot bo h gathered from anything yet made public. Throughout Dr. M'CARTHY has evidently been tho presiding and con- trolling genius of tho institution-secre- tary and treasurer, canvasser and collector rolled into one-and no one will deny him the right to a very conspicuous place in it, considering how long, assiduously, and energetically ho has laboured for its establishment. But thoro is a limit be- yond which jw man's power should be stretched in an institution of this kind, and that limit has, we fear, boon passed by Dr. M'OARTHY, no doubt with the best intentions, and with a full conviction that he could discharge all the duties ho has voluntarily undertaken better than anyono else. The fact is -that there does not appear to be any properly constituted committee, and tho question arises whether it would not bo botter, as a means of restoring con- fidence in the institution, to call a general rüoeting of the subscribers to appoint one. If thcie is to bo any further application to Parliament for assistance,, this, we sus- pect, will be insisted upon before any such application will be entertained. The Government w11, indeed, be likely to insist upon it themselves, now that all connected with the institution has beon submitted to them for consideration. Dr. M'OAI'.THY is evidently a solf-a-ssertive man, and ho may bo allowed to be self assertrvo within his own sphere., That sphere, however, should be clearly de- fined by a in'oporly constituted com- mittee, and he should not bo permitted to travel beyond it. No one suspects for a moment any malversation of the funds of the institution, or anything improper iii the mode of making up the accounts. But whero there are between £2,000 and £3,000 to bo laid out, there should be a proper committee and proper officers to see to the judicious expenditure of tho money. To that Dr. M'CARTHY can hardly refuse to assent. It should, in fact, havo boen done from the first. The Bangalore, with the March mails from Europe and tho East, is due at Melbourne on Tuesda)'next. As she left Point de Galle, however, on the lith o£ last month, her arrival may bo expected at least a day eailier than the contract time. Á London telegram informed us a few days ago that the prospects of the proposed . new line of steamers via the Cape of Good Hope had been injured by the publication in The Times of some conespondence, the nature of which was not stated. It appears, however, to have proved fatal to the project, for a private English telegram has been received in Sydney stating that the scheme has collapsed. A meeting of the Executive Council was held.yesterday to consider several capital ?sentences which were passed at the late circuit courts held at Beechworth and Sand itutst. After carefully reviewing the whole of the evidence, the Council decided that tl»*^ were no 'extenuating circumstan*"'es ^jj,,], .would justify a commutatiOP/0-f tbe" sentence ,passed.ivpon the priso^ Sm¡t]l and Bmdyi for the ^ ooraro mnrier. They will accord in51 \f C3^cuted at Beechworth on Monday, 33Hi May. The case of the man Pierre Borium, who pleaded guilty at the last Sandhuist Circuit Court to the minder of a Mrs. Smith, at Kangaroo-flat, was also considered. It was decided that the sentenco of death passed upon him must take its course, and he will be executed most piobably at Castlemaine on'Tuesday, May 20. His Honour Mr. Justice Williams, before whom the three .prisoners were tried, was pieseut to assist -the Executive with lus advice. The îcBignatioii of Colonel Champ as member for the East Bouike Boroughs has not yet îeaehed the Speaker, but will be for- warded to him to-day. Mr. G. Higinbotham ycstci day intimated to Mr. Lobb, M.L.A., Mr. Fleming, and other gentlemen who waited on lura to ask him to stand for the constituency, that lie would accept the invitation. He will most probably be returned without opposition. The lesignation of the Hon. H. Sponsley, M.L.A. for Portland, has been forwaided .to the Speaker. Should Mr. T. Must not «come forward, Mr. J. Fethers, another local man, for many years one of tho town councillors of Portland, will offer his services to the constituency. 'Mr. Panton, P.M., of Geelong, has been re- quested by the' Ciown Law authorities to fonvaid an explanation of the course he took when dealing -with the case of Shs. Letitia Beck. She left her home in Garitón some days ago, in consequence of a disagreement with her husband. He represented to Mr. Sturt, P.M., that she was a lunatic "wan .dering at large," and that gentleman, in accoidaucewiththe7thsectionof the Lunacy Statute, issued owarrantforherappiehonsion. She was arrested at the Sydney Hotel, Gee- long, .where she was staying until she could obtain a situation, or employment to enable .her to cant her living. When brought beforo the court, Mr. Panton and the mayor of Geelong weie both convinced of her sanity, but instead of giving effect to their opinion by disclmiging her, they îemanded her to Melbourne, where tho caso against her was dismissed. As there seemed no doubt of her sanity, and as she was at any late not "wandering at large"'at the time o£ her arrest, it seems to be considered that she .ought to have been discharged when brought before the Geelong Bench. Mr. Panton has not yet sent in his report. The passengers of the German immigrant ship Alardus, who weie suffering from fever, aie fast lecovoring their strength. Thoy will most piobably be released f i om quai antine on Tuesday next. Itis notifiod in the Church of England Mea sencro' that the Bishop of Melbourne has issued mandates for the election of lay representatives in the new Church Assembly. Elections are required to be made before the 20th June, and returns to bo sent in not later than tho 1st July. The Fisheries Board met yesterday at tho Custom-house, the Hon. Edward Cohen in the chair. The secictary (Mr. Rees) brought up a digest, as desired last week, of tho suggestions which had been íeceived from timólo timo since 1803 from poisons affected foy the fisheries law. The document also contained a statement of the piovisions of the present statute, and dealt geneially with the subject of the fisheries. Tlie boaid re- solved that the statement should be printed, and a copy sent to each of the members. The sitting was adjourned until noxt Fri. .day. At piesent Mr. Wyatt, P.M., presides in the District Police Court, and Mr. Call; P.M., in the City Police Couit. It is Btated that in a few days a new arrangement will come into operation, by which Messrs. Sturt and Call, P.M.'s, will resume their old places in the City and District Courts íespectively, and Mr. Wyatt will be stationed in one of the .principal up-country districts. During tho month of Mai cb, 3,454 persons arrived in the colony by sea, principally from the neighbouring colonies. The departures numheicd 2,758, showing a balance in favour . of the colony of 696. Last night's Government Gazette contains the following Order in Council :-" AU rules and regulations heretofore made and ap- proved by the Governor in Council, in refer . once totho distribution of plants, Quttings, and seeds from the Botanic-gardens of Mel- bourne, are herebj- rescinded. In future no distribution of any kind of plants therefrom shall be made without the authority, of tho Minister of Agriculture." The Customs authorities will bo represented at the conference with the ironmongers, oa the subject of the drawback regulations, by the Assistant- Commissioner (Mr. Tylei) and Mi. Guthrie ; the ironmongers by Mr. W. K. Thomson and Mr. Keep. The Royal Commission on Low Lands held a meeting at the Town-hall yesterday, when there were present-Messrs. Paterson, M'll wiaith, Reid, Nimmo, Higinbotham, War . dell, Lorimer, O'Grady, Dr.Sturt, and Captain W. H. Smith. The final reports from the ' engineers on the borings taken, and the esti 'mates of approximate cost of the several i schemes for canal and harbour improve ment, were laid before the commission. They were ordered to bo printed and placed iu the ¡hands of-the membors for consideration. Expressions of regret were uttered at the delay in, making a report, but the nature of ! the evidence is such that much time is required in its prepaiation, and theieforo the ; delay is unavoidable. I n.It.LT. the Duke of Genoa visited Sand. ! hurst yesterday. Ile was, our coriespondent informs us, only able to stay an hour or two, but during that time ho was hospitably entertained, and shown the lion of the place -the Great Extended Hustler's mine. Ho was driven fiom the îaihvay station direct to the mine, and, with seveial of the officers of the Garibaldi, descended to the 350ft. level. Subsequently tho party visited Koch's Pioneer Crushing Woiks, and then returned to the Shamrock Hotel, where an excellent lunch was provided by Mi. Heffernan. The Duke was accompanied by the Hon. J. J. Casey, Colonel Anderson, and Captain Bull. The mayor and town councillors received the party, and, on leaving for Messis. Robeitson and Wagner's station, Feiicoota, the Duke expressed his thanks to the mayor for the hospitality they had received. "The banquet to Mr. Wm. Clarke, M.L.A., at Smythesdale uu Thuisday evening, was," the Ballarat Courier says, "a great success, over 60 gentlemen being present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Laidlaw, J.P., president of the Grenvilleshire Council. Apologies weio lead from Mr. Francis, Mr. Casey, and the Hon. P. Russell. Mr. nowitt proposed the toast of the evening-'Our Guest.' He said that those persons who had watched Mr. Claike's career in the House would aeree with him, that a more energetic or capable member had nevor represented Grenville. (Applause.) Mr. Clarke, in responding to the toast, said he experienced great satisfac- tion at being entertained by his consti- tuents, and still more at the kindly reception ho had received. He knew the wants of the district, and if they were not all met, it was"' not his fault. The working man was now payincr-more taxes in proportion to what he ' earned than .any squatter in the land, and i this state of things, he thought, should be rectified. Amongst the measures the Go- vernment intended to introduce during next session was the Mining on Private Property Bill, an amending land act to allow selec- tions up to 640 acres, and a bill for the better regulation of the police force, in which provision would be made for each shire and borough, to contribute to the cost of the ü"Vicc stationed in them. There would also be a bill introduced to prevent mining acci- dents, an electoral reform bill, and, railway construction bills. The Payment oE Mem- bers Bill would be renewed, and there would also be introduced an Amending Local Go- vernment Bill. After expressing tho plea- sure it afforded him to find his constituents satisfied with his conduct, and a few passing remarks on the industries of the district, Mr. Clarke resumed his seat amid great ap- plause. Wo are informed that at a meeting of tho committee of the Retreat for the Cure of Inebriates, held yesterday, Mr. Buchanan being present, all differences were amicably arranged. Mr. W. D.Taylor, of Nooriline, Rushworth, and Mr. James Winter, of Toolambn, Mur- chison, have been appointed licensing magis- trates for the district of Murchison ; and Mr. Andrew Halley Knight for the district of Belfast. In Melbourne and the suburbs there were registered during the week ending 26th April 175 births and 93 deaths. One fatal case oE scarlatina occurred at Richmond, but all the districts are reported as being gene- rally healthy. An accident, at first thought to be serious, occurred to Major Trevor on board the ship Buckinghamshire yesterday, Major Trevor, accompanied by some friends, had visited tho low hold to seo the arrangements for ship- ping the horses on board. A gentleman who had gone up the companion ladder before the major ascended, had left from ono of his feet a lot of sand on one of the rungs. When Major Trevor had ascended to about eight feet and caught with his hand at this rung ho fell backwards, his head coming in con- tact with one of the dividing bars of the stalls. Mr. Curtis, surgeod, dressed tho wound, afterwhich the major was brought to town, and is rogressing favourabl}-. The bazaar at the Town-hall in aid of the Hospital for Sick Children was attended by a large number of visitors yesterday. The stalls still ' present a brilliant appearance, although the energetic efforts of the ladies have resulted in a considerable diminution of the stock. Many of the more elaborate articles have been disposed of by raffles, in the promotion o£ which the flying corps of young ladies exhibit a com- mendable zeal in the cause of charity. A satisfactory amount of business was trans- acted in this way yesterday. The musical arrangements, under the superintendence of Herr Plock, were very good. During the afternoon an instrumental concert was given by Herr Schott. His performance on the pianoforte of Weber's "Invitation ii la Danso " was well executed. In tho evening a promenade concert was given. To-day will be tho closing day of the bazaar. Another juvenilo concert will be given at 1 o'clock. During the afternoon a grand promenade concert, in which 40 performors will take part, will bo held. Several mem- bers of tho opera orchestra will lend their assistance. In the evening another prome- nade concert will bo given. Mr. Hill and Mr. Edwards will perform on the organ, and the band of the Emerald-hill Rifles will play. The bazaar will open at 12 o'clock, and will finally closo about 11 o'clock in the evening. It is not the intention of tho committeo to dispose of any of the surplus goods by auc tion. A large attendance is expected to-day, and the ladies confidently anticipate being able to clear their stalls in the ordinary way of business. The committee o£ tho Victorian Asylum for the Blind 'was requested yesterday by tho Rev. James Miram, to give him access to the books and papers of the institution, to onablo him to prove that none but Protestant children should bo admitted, but the committee de- clined to reopen the vexed question. Tho suggestion of the Protestant Orphan Asylum committee, that the Protestant institutions should ask the cleigy to make collections on a special Sunday in the year on their behalf, was ordered to stand over until next meet- ing. The orphan asylum committoe ap- peared to havo misunderstood the grounds on which several institutions had been ex- cluded from a share in the collections of "Hospital Sunday." A resolution was passed on tho subject of the dismissal of the secre- tary (Mr. Weir). The committee regretted that reasons of economy should have obliged them to dispense with Mr. Weir's servicos, but they bore testimony to his fidelity, dill gence, and zeal. The treasurer (Mr. Moore) announced the receipt of £20/. the amount of a bequest to the institution by the late Mr. Walter Clark, of the Deep Creek. The Technological Commission met at tho Public Library yesterday afternoon, the com-' missioners present beiug Messrs. J. G. Burtt, M.L.A., and D. Thomas, M.L.A. Ac- counts and returns were received from the following schools of design :-Tiades-hall, £20 5s.; South Melbourne, £13 7s. Gd.; Rich- mond, £3 12s. Gd.; Fitzroy, £3 12s. Od.; St. Kilda, £312s. Gd.; Prahran, £210s.; Geelong, £4Ss.; Ballarat West, £1012s. Gd.; Ballal at East, £8 10s.: East Collingwood, £6 2s. Gd.; aunes, £G 5s. Gd.; Sandhurst, £1; Bruns wick, £3 Ds. ; Sebastopol, £2 7s. Gd. ; St. Kilda Girls' School, £2 7s. Gd. ; South Richmond, £4 12s. Gd. ; Cres- wick, £4 7s." Gd. ¡.Sands and, M'Dougall, stationery, £2 Is. Cheques were signed for these'amounts, and handed to the score. 1 tary, Mr. S. H. Roberts, for payment. Cor- respondence was received from Geelong, Brighton, Ballarat West, Northcote, and Preston. Several parcels of designs for the honourable mention certificate were received, but their examination was deferred till the next meeting. The pioposal of Mr. Winiam Gaunson to establish a Victorian Volunteer Club for officers and non-commissioned officers has been taken up very warmly, and there is every probability of a large and useful club being es- tablished. Several officers high in authority, we are informed, have expressed them selves extremoly pleased with the move- ment, whilst the non-commissioned offlceis legard it with especial favour. A meeting will take place at Gorton's Hotel, Swanston street, at 8 o'clock this evening, when the preliminary arrangements will be discussed and entered upon. Of course, to-night's meeting is only for officers and non-commis- sioned officers, but it will" be a matter for consideration whether the club shall be open to gentlemen in the sendee who, although not in positions of authority, are regarded as most eligible members, and also ex-military and naval officers. It is proposed to secure at once, if possible, a good working com- mittee, who will mako all inquiries with regard to club accommodation, &c;, and ie port the result to a future meeting, in say a week's time. The meeting of to-night will therefore not necessarily bo a lengthy one. Tho Executive Committee of the Melbourne Hospital Ball have during the past week been actively engaged in making the necessary arrangements for the entertainment. Tlie supper arrangements have been entrusted to Mr. Hughes, of Collins-street. Messrs. Katzen- stein and Co. will supply the sparkling wines and other drinkables, and the music will be furnished by a band under the direction of Mr. Zeplin, sen. , A special general meeting of the Early Closing Association was held last evening at the Melbourne Athenourn, to take into con- sideration the resignation of Mr. Jackman as secretary. Mr. Alex. Lillie, who was in the chair, explained that Mr. Jackman re- signed on account of a slight difference he had had with the committee. He had re- quired £5 to defray the preliminary expenses connected with the public meeting hold under the auspices of the association a few weeks ago. A co»si_erable portion of the committee objected to the application,though the r_'a'tter Was not put to the vote, aZ the treasurer asserted that he would not pay the money even if it were voted. Mr. Jackman considered this equivalent to an expression of want of con- fidence, and resigned his secretaryship. It had been previously arranged that he should employ someone to assist him in getting up the meeting, but the committee understood it would be at his own expense. A motion that his resignation bo accepted was agreed to, An amendment that his resignation be not accepted was not preèsed. It was evi- dently moved in a spirit of irony, and in- tended to insult a gentloman to whose oxer tions much of the success of the early-closing movement is attributable. The amendment was characterised as a farce, and was not pressed, though it did not meet with the condemnation it deserved. Mr. Masterman was requested to act as secretary until the next half-yearly meeting. A short time ago a good deal of impetus was given to the Indian horse trade by the announcement that a thousand remounts weie required by the Indian Government. The price of stock suitable for cavalry and gun horses at once rose considerably in tho maikct, and buyers found that they could not place horses on hoard ship at much less than an average of £25 per head. The improbability of England becoming involved in the Khiva question, however, has caused intending shippers to hesitate. Yester- day a Hood deal of interest was excited by a telegram which was posted at Kiik's Bazaar by Mr. R. Rutherford, for the infor. marion of horse buyers. The telegram was as follows.--"Calcutta, Apiil 30, 1873. Remounts agent takes only thousand îupee horses. Ton passed out of fifty from An- tiope. Glut ruinous foriejections. (Signed) Cook and Co." A good deal of discussion took place about this telegram, and the general opinion appeared to be that the Indian market was overdone for tho pro- sent. The boy Watt, who escaped fiom the Pent- ridge îeformatory a few days ago, was ar- rested at Geelong yesterday morning by De- tective Mackay and Senior- constable Madden, and forwarded in company of tho latter by the midday train to Melbourne. The boy laughs at the idea of the reformatory being a secure place of confinement, and states that 10 of the lads weio induced by Huxley to attempt their escape. They tied their belts together, fastened the end of the rope so formed to the knob on the gate, and then let themselves down into tho ad- joining yard. Ho was very frightened when he heaid the five shots fired, but was fully under the impression that all his com- panions had made good their escape. When he reached Melbourne he lay down at the corner, of Little Bourke and Russell streets, but was compelled by a policeman to " move on." Ho obtained a change of clothing at the house of a man named T. Harris, alias Martin Brown, residing in Little Bourke street ; made his way to Leigh-road on Thursday night, en route to Colac, where he formerly resided, and walked across to Gee- long on Friday morning, He expected to re- ceive 24 lashes, but did not seem to care much about the matter. The suit in which Mr. Ettershank seeks to compel the Crown to issue to him a Crown grant of land taken up by a selector under a land certiûcato under the acts of 18G2 and 1805, and the lease of which was assigned by the selector to Mr. Ettershank, was partly heard in the Suprome Court yesterday. Mr. Justice Molesworth refused to give Mr. Etter- shank any îedress, as he had not propeily proved his title fiom the certificate-holder ; and an appeal was therefore made to tho full Court. The aiguments weie not concluded yesterday, and they will be resumed to-day. In tho Supremo Court yesterdoy, an appeal in the insolvent estate of Roger Richard Maloy, who was formerly a solicitor at Gee long, was decided. Mr. Simson, the assignee, applied to the judge of the Insolvent Court for an order directing Mr. W. S. Wool- cott and Mr. J. W. Gairatt to pay the sum of £78 10s. 7d., the valuo of certain goods and chattels sold by them, and which had been transferred to thom by the insolvent within three months of tho seques tialion of the estate, and with the view of giving them a fraudulent preference over tho I other creditors of Maley. Maloy was anested I in July, 1871, on a criminal charge, and when in gaol he wrote an order to an auctioneer at | Geelong, diiecting him to sell certain goods and! baud the proceeds tobo divided between Mr. Ganatt and Mr. Woolcott. The auctioneer sold the goods, according to this order, and distributed the proceeds as directed. Maloy's estate was sequestrated in August. The assignee contended that the delivery of the goods was a fraudulent préférence, and ; therefore void under the act. Judge Forbes I disagreed with this view, and xefused an application for a îefund of the money. On appeal to Mi. Justice Molesworth, it was held that the payment did amount to a fraudulent , preference, and Mr. Garratt and Mr. Wool icott were dhected to return the money. They then appealed to the full Court, and an objection was then taken that had not been presented before, namely, that as the goods had never been in the possession of the two creditors, and as an action of trover would therefoie not lie against them, the Insolvent Court had no jurisdiction in the matter; the Court could only interfere where the creditors had obtained the goods. The full Court 'agreed with this 'view, and allowed the appeal, but without costs. The Melbourne General Sessions for May ere continued yesterday in the County , Court. Robert Carden, convicted of stabbing Jane AYliite, a woman who had lived with him, was sentenced to imprisonment for l8 months, with hard labour. Richard Nash, formerly secretary of the Victorian Railways, was sentenced., to ode year's imprison- ment, with hard labour, on three dif- ferent charges i of, uttering forgeries, _or, three years in all; .Hughes Otton, connoted of indecently assaulting a little girl between eight and nine years, was ordered to be im- prisoned for two years, and to receive one whipping of 25 lashes. In the appeal juris- diction, the case of;' Wilcock v. Wilcoch was heard. It was ait appeal by a husband against an order directing him to pay his wife 20s. per week maintenance. The hus- band expressed his willingness to* take his wife back, and the Court quashed tho con- viction, a suggestion .from it that the par- ties should 'endeavour to effect a settlement themselves not being accepted. The case of White v. Broadliurnt, in which a j'oung woman appealed from, a decision of the Cheltenham magistrates dismissing an appli- cation she madeiórmaintenance of an ille- gitimate child, of which she alleged Broad- hurst was the father, was adjourned until the 10th inst., to give an opportunity of obtain- ing the opinion of the Supreme Court as to whether there was an appeal in such a case when it had been dismissed by the magis- trates. The Court adjourned until Saturday tho 10th inst Frederick Edward Walter, [a. middle-aged gentleman, was charged on wanant at the City Police Court yesterday with embezzling £1,644 12s., the propeity of Messrs. John Sanderson and Co., wool merchants, for whom he was bookkeeper. Mr. Dnigau, for the prosecution, asked for a remand. Mr. Wisewould, for the defence, opposed it, and said the case would turn out to be one of those fiequent occurrences in which recourse was had to the criminal instead of the civil law. The prisoner was arrested tho previous evening at Ids private residence at Kew, and it was rather ha&ty.for; tho prosecution to have him anested before they were ready to proceed with the case, ne was quite ready to pioceed with the defence. Mt*. Duigan said that the cheque for £1,644 formed but small ¡tem of the amount which , au examination of the books would disclose_ the prisoner had, abstracted, In îact, it waa believed that an amount of £0,000 had been removed at different times norn the funds of his employers. He would now piove there was a prima facie case, and ask for a îemand, as there was a necessity for a strict examination of the books in oidor that it mighTbè ascertained what the defalcations amounted to. Ile called Wm. Murraj-, one of the firm of John Sanderson and Co., who stated that'the prisoner was in hisemploymentasbookkeepêr. Witnessknew his handwriting, and produced an account of moneys paid by Goldsbrough and Co. to the furn of Sanderson and Co. The book con- tained an acknowledgement of receipt of money from Goldsbiough and Co., to which the prisoners signature was attached. The money was in the form of a cheque for £1,644 12s., which the witness produced. It was paid into the Commercial Bank to Walter's account instead of to the firm's account, on tho 4th December, 1872. The firm had no account at the Commercial Bank, but had accounts at other banks. The money had not been paid into Walter's account at tho Commercial Bank by wit- ness's consent. Witness was the only partner in Melbourne. Witness had no agreement of pat tnership between him and the prisoner. There was an agreement be- tween them. Witness had not the document with him, and had not received any notice to produce it. A notice might have been sent to the office that morning without his getting it, as he had not yet been there that morning. Ho did not know the agreement had anything to do with the case. It was an agreement by which the prisoner was en- titled to a share in the piofits of the con- cern-a percentage on the net profits of tho finn on tho yearly balance. Witness did not recognise him us a partner. Mr. Duigan objected that the witness could not be ques- tioned as to the contents of a document which would 'speak for itself, and could be produced. Mr. Call, P.M., held with lum. The prisoner was remanded till Wednesday ; bail allowed and obtained, himself in £2,000, and two sureties of £1,000 each. Mr. Duigan said, that on Wednesday a further remand might bo found necessarj-. His Honour Judge Noel yesterday gavo judgment in tho Insolvent Court on an application made by James Scott, of Mel- bourne, solicitor, for an unconditional cer- tificate. His Honour said ho fouud that the insolvent had appropriated to his own use £15, money belonging to a cliont, and ho therefore refused the certificate. John Vivash was finally brought up at the City Police Couit yesterday, charged with perjury, and was committed for trial, Mr. Call, P.M., deciding to send the case to a jury, in consequence of the very contra- dictory natiuo of the evidence. Bail was allowed and obtained in one suiety in £25. A meeting of the committee of the Victoria Yacht Club was held yesterday evening at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. The commo- dore (Captain Coffey) was in the chair. Captain Turnbull repoited that a number of tho prizes had been paid over. Several accounts wero passed for payment. The following new members were balloted for i and elected ¡-Messrs. John Mackenzie, C. ' Umpholby, and R. J. Ellery. The chairman mentioned that he had received a reply to a communication sent to the Royal Sydney Yacht Club, asking for a definition of the pro visions of tho Royal wanant, in view of the action taken by the Customs here. The tele- gram received in reply was that no question was raised by tho Customs there, and that the Royal warrant overrode tho local authorities. Some other formal business was transacted. The bon. seoietary (Mr. Horne) gave notice of his intention to movo certain new rules. Their effect was that no yacht which was a woiking boat, or let for hiie, or in any way unfit, should bo allowed to bolong to the club, and that all yachts should be decked or half decked with a closing hatch. They also provided for the proper measurement of yachts, and took precautions against the indiscriminate uso of tho club's bulgoo and ensign. The town office of the Warrnambool Meat preserving Company, 11 Market-street, nar- rowly escaped being robbed on Wednesday night last. A constable found the door of the office open at about 20 minutes to 9, and on examining the lock discovered that there was a key in it. A few tins of meat were missing. He fastened, the door, and in the morning took the key to the manager of the company, who know nothing of it, and said it was not the proper key. It is supposed that some -thief or thieves having got a skeleton or duplicate key to fit the lock, had just opened the door when the constable dis- turbed them so suddenly that they had not time to close it. Yesterday morning it was reported to tho Fitzroy police that the infant daughter of a person named Ludwick Mayring, 105 George- street, Fitzroy, had been found dead in bed. Mrs. Mayring went to bed at about half-past 11 on Thursday night, with the infant and another child, and at about 4 o'clock in the morning woke up and found the baby dead by her side. An inquest will be held. On Thursday night a man named George Reading was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, having had his arm broken by a piece of stone falling on it at the Caledonia A meeting of the committee of the Vic- toria Coursing Club was held at the office of the club yesterday afternoon, when the appli- cations for the post of slipper were con- sidered. After duly weighing the merits of the applicants, Mr. Michael Wheelan was appointed to the office. As the nominations for the West Bourke Stakes were in excess of the number required, viz., 32 subscribers, a ballot was held, and the nominations of the following gentlemen were left in .--Messrs. Alban Gee (2), F. J. P. O'Farrell, J. Bran (2), T. Richardson, T. Nolan, W. J. Clarke, J. Milne, Bennett, J. B. Leake, H. Jones (2), R. Bright, J. Capel, A. H. Cunningham, H. Jamieson (2), G. AVatson, J. M. Peck, W. Richaidson, H. Bignell (2), B. Hepburn (2), J. Dougall, W. M'Culloch, F. B. Clapp, A. W. Robinson, W. AVatson, G. Plant, and T. K.Bennett. Owing to two of the nomina- tions for the Sunbury Stakes being informal, the nominations were exactly the required number. The following aro the names :-Messrs. W. Pitt, W. M'Cul- loch, F. 'B. Clapp, n. J. V. O'Farrell, J. Bloor, T. Richardson, Jt W. Flemming, J. Herne, T. Haydon, W. J. Clarke, T. Batt, J. B. Leake, Dr. Barker, W. Stanley, A. Reid, J. Russell, Bennett, J. Capel, G. Watson, J. M. Peck, H, Bignell, B. Hepburn, S. Strettle, J. Milne, J. Wolstenhohne, J. Farmer, T. Learmonth, J. S. Peterson, A. W. Robertson, AV. AA'atson, G. Plant, and T. K. Bennett. The owners are not requiied to describe then dogs until shortly before the coursing match comes off. A meeting of the council of the Pharma- ceutical Society of Alctoria was held last evening at the Athenomm, Mr. Johnson, president, in the chair. There was a full attendance of members. The lion, secretary reported that he had not re ceived any communication from the Govern- ment respecting the Pharmacy Bill. Several new members were admitted. The sum of ¿25 was voted for the purchase of books to form a nucleus of a librar)* for the use of mem- bers and associates, and arrangements are being made with the committee of the Athenoum for their custody. After this afternoon cricketers will put away their bats and have an interval of five months' rest. The match between the Vic- torian Eleven and The AVoild will bo finished to-day, and judging from the present state of the game the latter should be vic- torious. The game will be resumed at 2 p.m. The match between the East Mel bourne and Cailton clubs will not be con. tinned, the team of the latter club not being able to play, The snnic will thus be de cided by issue of the first innings, leaving tho Jolimonteis the victors by five runs. Theie will be a winding-up match, com- mencing at 3 o'clock p.m., in the Rich niOl>(l-.Sîiti Star of Richmond Club. Members of the Hotham Club will also play thoir final match for this season in the Royal- paik, at a quarter to 3 p.m. In tho evening theie will be a réunion of cricketers fiom all clubs and districts at the Melbourne Athcnanun, where the annual wind-up dinner will bo given, at 0 p.m. Tho lion. T. F. Hamilton, M.L.C., has been asked to take the chair, tho piesident of tho M.C.C., Mr. D. C. Macarthur, being unable to do so through illness. Mr. Hughes, the cateier, will provide for 150. Theie aie numerous football appointments for this afternoon. Members of tlie Mel. bomne Club will meet for practice, after which the annual meeting of the club will be held. Ascratch match will be played by the East Melbourne Club, in the Richmond-pad- dock, at 3 o'clock. The Cailton Imperial Club will practise in the University reserve. At their annual meeting, recently held, this club elected Mr. Cul tain, M.L.A., as president; Messis. AV. F. Browning, John Donovan, and M. Hayhow, as vice-piesidents ; Mr. A. Ford as captain ; and Mr. N. Ful- lerton as vice-captain. The following other anangements have been made : First and second twenties, North Mel- bourne Club, Royal-paik ; [Richmond Club, 2.30 p.m.; University Club, University ground, 2.30 p.m.; Fitzroy Standaid Club, Richmond-paddock, 3 p.m.; St. Kilda Club, near St. Kilda Railway station, 2.30 p.m.; South Yarra Club, on their ground, 3 p.m.; and Hawthorn Club, paddock below Mr. Meeson's grammar school, 3 p.m. A lecture was delivered under the titlo of "Latter-day Oracles," by the Rev. T. F. Bird, in the Independent Lectuie-hall, Rus- sell-street, last night. The lecturer rofei red to the Delphic, Olympic, and other oracles of old, and maintained that snpeistitioh never died, though it was ever asssuming new forms. The first "latter-day oracle" which he described was the oiacle of tradi- tion. There was a superstition of conserva- tism. Conseivatives woishipped ancestois and ancestral doctrines and piactices. Ho also alluded to the oracles of foice, of dogma, and of taste. On the subject of spiritism, ho said that Hades had giown veiy common, and that the old rovoiouco for ghosts had become extinct. A passion for emigration must havo reached Hades. The spirits were colonising tho cupboaids o£ the dwellings of tho human race, and had also taken forcible possession of their furniture, which evidently was much distmbed by the new state of things. The last oraclo to which ho îeferred was that of the millennium,5than which, he said, no latter-day oiacles weio moro ambitious or falser. A vote of thanks was passed by the meeting to the lecturer. Mr. AVm. Peterson presided, and there was a numerous attendance. Tho proceeds go to tho building fund of the East Richmond Congregational Chuich. Two mon, named AV. P. Fitzgibbon and Robt. Broadrigg, weie proceeded against in the East Collingwood Police Couit yesterday by Job Smith, a fin mor, residing on tho Merri Creek, near Northcote, for trespass while in pursuit of a liare. It appoarod that tho defendants were coursing on some land in the neighbouihood of Mr. Smith's farm on the 12th April, and in couising a hare it ran into one of Smith's paddocks, and was lost in the growing crop. Tho defendants followed with their dogs into the paddock, when they were met by Mr. Smith, who or- dered thom off his land. The complainant stated that both Fitzgibbon and Broadrigg wore insolent to him, and threatened to knock him down, at the same timo refusing to leave the paddock. For the defence it was shown that the defendants merely fol- lowed their dogs on to Smith's land, and wore returning, when Smith carno up to thom and made use of very foul language. The Bench, without waiting to hear the whole of the dofenco, dismissed tho case. AA'o leam that it is intondod shortly to make additions to the promises and machu nei-y of tho Arictorian AVoollon and Cloth Manufacturing Company, Goolong, to tho value of £5,000, in order to "(¡op pace with thç constantly increasing roquiioments of the trade. At tho Geelong Polioo Court yesterday John Middleton was charged, on remand, with forging and uttering two bills of ex- change, purporting to be signed by Thomas .Arkins. "Mr. Gilbert, ledgorkeeper at the, iBank o£ New South Wales, proved that the, ¡acceptances for £137 and £167 had boen dis-t 'counted for the prisoner, and placed to the ¡ credit of his account, discount slips being made out and supplied to him. The prisoner, who had nothing to say, was committed to take his trial at the general sessions, on the . 1 ith June. Mr. Miller, the manager, then applied for the acceptances, in order that the bank might prove against the estate, but the Bench did not accedo to the request, Mr. Palmer stating that it was always customary to impound such documents. A deputation from the shire council of Wan- non, viz., Mr. Turnbull, the president, and Councillor Vale, was introduced on Thurs- day to the Commissioner of Railways by Mr. Macpherson, M.L.A. The Wannon Shire was formed in 1872 out of part of the Dundas Shire. The Dundas Council collected the rates for the year 1872 for the two districts. But there is a controversy on the question whether Dundas collected the rates on its own behalf alone, or on behalf of each body. The endowment for 1873 will be distributed on the basis of the rates for 1872, and if the Dundas Council is allowed ts own wai', it will receive the whole of the endowment. The deputation wished the, Commissioner of Railways to inquire into the facts, because it was satisfied that they would show the Wannon shire to be entitled to portion of the rates, and there- fore to portion of the ondowment. Mr. Gillies said that ho would suggest to tho Treasury, winch had full control over the distribution of the endowment, the propriety of inquiring into the facts. Between the finish of the first and the com- mencement of the second operatic season, that is to say, on Monday night next, and at the Town-hall, Signor Cagli is to take a benefit, and after that it is understood, that be goes to Europe for the purpose of engaging additional musical talent for the opcraseason of 1874. It is plain that Signor Cagli has found his account in bringing tho talented artists here who- during the last three seasons have done so, much to gratify the musical tastes of the Melbourne public and it is not unlikely that his visit to Europe will bo attended with satisfactory results as far as the opera of the future is concerned in this place. His advertisement, which appears in another column, announces that all the members of the present com. pany, tho orchestra, and the chorus, together with Signor Giorza and Mr. John Dall, have tendered him their gratuitous services, and also that a large volun- teer chorus, numbering 250 singera, under the direction of Mr. Perraton, has como together on the same conditions to signalise the event. This operatic concert ' will be a change from lyrico- diamatic "îopro sentations, which will be welcome to many,, and doubtless the affair will bo well patronised. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen havo signified their inten- tion of honouring the performance with their presence. "The aim of Russia," says tho Spectatort in reference to the Central Asia troubles! "is mastery of Persian dominion, where vast production waits on administrativo skill. It is to reach Persia that sho has entrenohod her troops at Tchickishlar, and strikes at tho independence of Khiva. It is to forward hor projects as well as keep down discontent that she has reinforced her anny in Turkestan, and kept her garrisons in the Caucasus [pro ptucd to descend on any point of the Caspian snore. While it is wise to safeguard the Af- ghan countries, it is ten times as important to warn or ward off the blows aimed at Persia. Years must olapso before any serious impression can bo made on Badak Shan, but at any moment a Russian expedi- tion might seize tho inlets to Persia." Tho Turn Vorein colobrated its thirteenth anniversary on Thursday night by an enter- tainment of a varied nature in its hall in Latrobe-street. Thissocioty is prosperous, and numbers 220 members, amongst whom are included persons of many different nation- alities ; but, of course, the Teutonic race is most numerously represented, and | attached to the society there is a class which is taught the German lan- guage. The gymnastics exhibited last night by the members of tho society drew forth much deserved applause. Some jueces wore sung by the Turn Verein Leidertafel, and, several ladies boing present, dancing con- cluded tho entertainment. A very pleasant evening was passed by those present. There was no alteration in the programme at the Theatre Royal last night. The houso was very well attended. An excellent pro- gramme .is announced for this ovoning. In addition to the comedy "Tho Wicked World," Mr. Robertson's comedy of "M.P." which was so well received when first pro- duced at this theatre, will be porformod. There was a good attendance at Chiariui's circus lost night. The various feats of tho company wore well performed, and received with great applause. To-daj', there will bo the usual Saturday aftornoon performance, which will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen. The anniversary services of the West Mel- bourne Presbyterian Church are announced to bo held to-morrow. Tho Rov. Dr. Cairns will preach in .the morning, and the Rov. Groundwater Fraser in the evening. On Monday, at half- past 6 o'clock, tho annual soirée and public meeting will be held. In reply to tho letter of "A Member," which appeared in The Argus of Thursday, tho lion, secretary of tho Albert-park Yacht Club writes to deny that the recent applica- tion for a site for a clnb-houso waB mado without consulting the niembors. Ho shows that the usual steps were taken to bring tho subject undor the notice of tho club. Mr. James Logan, of the Prince Arthur Hotel, Swanstoii-straot, ono of the publicans summoned to tho District Com fc on Thurn day for Sunday trading, writes to say that his caso was incon-ectly ropoited. Ho asserts that tho police did not find a "man and woman" on tho promises when they visited them. Mrs. Logan was the only woman present. The case was dismissed. Tho half-yearly mooting of the Saddle, Harness, and Collar Makers' Society was held in tho Trades-hall on Tuesday evening last. The quarterly report and balance-shoot was read and duly passed. Mr. II. Grattan was unanimously re- elected president during the ensuing six montliB, and Mr. A. Pritchard as corresponding secretary during tho samo period. Several new membors wove enrolled, tho attendance was ¡food, and tho prospects of the socioty wore said to bo encouraging. The annual dinnorof the Loyal Hcidolborg Lodgo of tho Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows was held at tho Old England Hotel, Heidelberg, on Thursday evening. Brother Steedley in the chair. Up- wards of 40 wero pi osent. Fiom tho state- ment of the chairman it appeared that tho lodgo, now in its Bovcnth year, numbered 60 members ; that they had to tho ciodit of the sick fund £400 ; and that its usefulness was evidenced f i otu tho fact that during tho past year they hod expended £52 10s."for sick pay, £30 for iuneral donations, and £80 6s. 2d. for medical attendance, tho local expenso of management being only £9 Ds. 8d, Tho total annual receipts wcio £202 Is. 10d., and ex- penditure £1112 10s. A band of music added much to the onjoymont of the evening, many toasts_being (hunk. Tho usual monthly mooting of tho com mittco of management of the Immigrante, Aid Society was held on Friday, in tho lecUuD-room of tho Collius-stieet Baptist Church. Picsent-Mcssis. Dickson, Oliplumt, Woolley, Griffiths, Moody, and Prince, Mr. Moody was in tho chair. Tho state of tho home was lopmted na follows:-Number ro maining last week, 423 ; admitted since, 253 ; discharged, 234. Remaining, 442-comprip,. ing 272 mon, 88 women, and 82 cliildrijn. At tho samo time last year tlvero were, 203 men, 71 women, and 72 children. P,f'tho men lOty are Birk or infirm, 14 stonobr caking, 146 oakum- picking, &o.;, and lil wording out. Of the women 21 are sick cr inlinm 10 in the laundry. 3 sowing, 51 hair-teasing, ko., and 3 working out. Out-dr,or relief has been given to 17 families, or fog individuals, on presenting the relief cards, of the society. 