' CONGREGATIONAL UNIÓN OF NEW SOUHI ,;. . , .VALES. r , ' " ^ Tun Hirelings in'connection Hitit tho oighth annual session of tho Congregational Union of New South Wales worn lu Id dui ing thu past woek, m toe Pitt-etroot Congregational St lu.oil oom. On Monday evening a dovotionnl wooling was hold, at Mluuli tho retiring chairman, tho Rev. T. S. Foitfuirii, dilivoied asliort address. . On '1 uctdny, tho ministers nnd delegates met nt 3 p m. After singing mill praj cr tho Rov. T. S, FousK\ ni e-\ phiincd (hat tho Rev. J. 1\ Sunderland hnd,'nt (ho loques', of tho couiiiiitteo, kindly cnn'-fcnt/d to oocupj' tho ohmr tor tbo coming year, in tho placo ol tho Roy. J. Graham, who wits absent ona visit to England. '1 he Rev. J. P. bunderliind then took tho ohair, amidst general acclamation. It wne moved by tho Rev. J. G. FHAÏUU, seconded by tho Itev. R. T. IIII.LH, and carried,-" That tho Hunks of this afscmbly bo given to tho Roy. T. S. Foriaith for his sen lees ne chairman during tho past j oar." It having been resolved by tho committee that tho retiring chairman should present to tho mooting nil con grepationnl ministers eottled in tho colony during his term of oflicc, tbo Rev. 'T. S. Forsaito then presented to tho Rev. J. P. Sundctland the following gentlemen-tho llov. D. Mossop, of Newtown; tho Rov. S. U. Rothwell, of Balmain ; tho Rev. AY. Fincham, of Campbelltown ; nnd tho Rev A. Howie, visitor from Bbuth Australia. iThnRcv. G, G. Ilownra, cloricnl secretary, then called oi pr the roll, after which ho read tho following report : A'our committee, In presenting their report for tho past year, wlnlc not able to cnll ntlcntlon to any remarkable movements or great successes In connection with the ehurohre of our dosonilna lion, would neiorthclcss thankfully teoogniso that, through the Ilitlne blessing, there has been sternly progress- ihst »oula aro heir g convertid io God-that believers nro growing In graoo that Hie ninnbor of our ohurches Is increasing-and that thn , chui elie», inilividually ami eollcollvely, aro abounding- moro and moro In labours ol usefulness and love. ' In reviewing the condition of our ohurohes In tho report pre- , lentcd laaljiar, your oommlnco deplored tho paitorlce» oontti lon of the churches at Dalmain nnd Ulladulla, and tboproapeot t ot the itmo\nl of iho Ilcv. 8. C Kent from Newtown. It is with much thinklulnese to God that your committee) oin now report, Unit all theec i ncauoif « arc filled, and apparently with earneet and ! mort «tiitablo men. Tho Ker. W. Mathison, hvc of Itlvor Don, Tai mania, accepted a call to Ulladulla, and entered on his laboura there In Match last. The llcv. D. Mossop, late of Ipswich, ' Queensland, ha« recently sett ed at Newtown, and iho lier. 8. U. Í Rothwell has just an i ved from Victoria to undertake tho over- ' fight of tho church at llnliuoln. ' it won «ccldcd nt our lett meetings to hold our nntnmnsl rreficn ntN mcittlo and Maitland, nnd your ooimnlttco would take this opportunity tocxplnin whysuoh meeting« wuro not hold. Tho bieihiru from tinto dihltlota urged that thoro ebould ho as far as poislblc a full nttendancc, especially on the part of our ministem. When, thciefoic, It was toonil that the llov. J. | Graham v. sa to he absent from Syilney at tho time, that Ibero waa i no proepect ot the churches ol Newtown and Balmain being then - supplied with settled pastors, anti that it wita higily probable' that, through lll-hcnlln, the llov. T. Johnson Mould bo oom-' I polled tobe absent from home, It was decided to further oonfer ' with the brelbien at Nov.Mille and Maitland, who promptly replied that they would prefer tho meetings being postponed to a mole convenient season, , In ecnipllanco with n rcsiltitlon passed at onr last vectlng, tho lay secretary has carefully prepared statisilos of the denomina-j lion, srhteh will bo duly submitted to jon. It is gratifying to mark the steady increase both in the Hit of ohuroheo and church; lucniler». Several meeling» wore held by your committee In oin1 unction with delegutC9 from tho llaptist Union, respcollng a suggestion] made hy t.iir Hnptlst lilrridi, and submitted at your last meeting, to unitedly protest against tbo Council ot riduoatioD roiiioring old to Denominational schools, as only another form ot State-old to religion. If« us nt first rc«ol\ ed to hold n publie meeting in favour of secular education, and the promise of auppor. of sevarnli gentlemen favourable to the movement was scoiuod, but owing to the »ellen at that time of poltical parties in tho Legisla ive Assembly, it was deemed expedient to defer Inking any pub io steps in the matter. In the hi ginning of the year a lottrr was rooclvod by your oom nilttec from the llcv. J. Graham rlillcg lils inabllllv to pro«Mo al thcrlieeent meetings through his Intention of visliinir KngUn I. Your committee report wj li mueh pleasure thnt the llov. i. V. SuEdcrland hop, at their rcunci-t, ver) ktnilly consented to occupy Mr. Oi«h»ni'> plr.ee, and they feel ossnred that our esteemed I brother will recette as coidlal snd unanimous support from this asftnibynsil he were oecupj.ng the chair In response to jour ' own direct nomination and cleotlon. ' I The »dùiitsi« delltered nt the meeting held last year lo advo- cate ihc clnlnis of Congregatlonnlimn have not been printed,«^ resolved, for ono of tho speaker» wne nimble to leproduco ¡ra addier*, (.r.d li waa thought advlsablo to pilnt all er none. ' In clotlng this report, your committee would oarnostly oom mtnd the into csls of the tmioii to Ihc oliutchcs otilieitcno.nl I nation. If union '«strength on the part ni ththewho nrobjiuid I by tics of hunnn nnd worldly origin, how mnoh moro should It ba with tl.ofo vho aro bound hy ties nf,ipit|tii«4 and honvrnly, I growth-the tit« ol Divine loie That there arc yet many works. ' to ho done, boih al homo and abroad-many dlnloiiUlca to ovor | oomoaid viotoiiea to gain,must bo only too apparent tons all; 1 May the great Head of the Church no guide our délibération»; i deepen our convictions, and nrome our ccergles, that we may; I unitedly deviso nnd carry out such movemonts ns shall Indeed , help In the great -work of extending amongst men the glorious; kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. j Mr. J own Tiroui'hü.s, in the nbsencoof tho treasurer; prefented iho nnnnnl finaiiDial report to the meeting. ' On the motion of tho Rev. T. JOHNSO.V, soconded by the Rov. AV. BKADLKV, the reports were carried unaui mouslj*. i I It-was moved by the Rev. T. JOHNSON, socondod by tho Rov. J. G, FIIASEII, M.A, and carried unanimously,-'. " That the following churches bo admitted to tho Union :-i Bathurst-under tho piiBtoml caro of tho ltcv. S. I. Green ; Druitt Town-und«r Iho pnsionl care of the Btov. G. G. Howden ; Marrickville-undor the pastoral caro of tho HOY. "W. Mathison, jim. ; Ulladulla-under tho pastoral caro of the Rov. W. MnthUon, son. ; Hnntcr's Hill-with- out a settled pastor." ' It wns proposed by the Rev. T. .f. T-i'vun, seconded by Iho ltcv. R. T. HtiXB, and carried,-" That the Rev. Evan Lewis, pnetor of the "Welch Churches, near Now onstlCj'bo a pers onnl member of the Union." The meeting then proceeded to the election of otlloora and cenimittco for tho coming year. Tho rcsiiUa of nomina- tion und election were as follows :-Chairman for 1871-51 Rev. D. Mopfop ; treasurer, Mr. R. G. Ronding ; clerical secretary, Rev. G.' G. Howden ; lay secretary, Mr. Ill Nott ; committee-Rev. T. Johnson, Rev. D. Mosiop, Rev. T. S. Forsailh, Rev. F. H. Browne, Rev. W. Slatyor, McfsrB John Fairfax, J. Mullens, and Joseph Thompson. » Mr.-It. NOTT, lay secretary, prceevnted tuoiollowing re- port of btntistics :- ' firpott of ftatiitlcfi compiled from returns sent in to tho Con- gregational Union of New South Wale», In April, 1873. Tub Kccompar-j j&f; statistics, (in a tabulated form) ebov tlio following icsiillf, the number of icttlcd ministère tm-liip; been corrected to present dato :-Thoro arc ir> New South Wales 35 Congregational churches.- In connection with these 25 churches service Is held in 50 buildings; 24 of,them'have settled _ilnistors, tho lcmainlng on» being supplied by the ministers ef other churchos or ly uudents. The 51) buildings afford aceommoiatfon for 11,003 jicrsou«, and aro tho regular places of -worship for 8700. The number present nt the principal service on Sunday« is 6215 ; bieldes which theic arc nbout 1730 persons nrcaant at tomo other services during tho day, who arc not included In tho above, malling 7954 souls to whom the GoBpel is preached amongot tho Congregational« te on tho Babbith. The members is full commu nion willi; lb« several churent* amount lo 1074, being SU malos and 11G3 funnies, Connected therewith aro 41 Bnnday Bohool], i eight of whicli'aro lioltl in sepáralo sohool building», the ro luniEilcr being taught in the different places of Morahlp. These have 4SI teachers-233 male and 211 female. Tho numbor of children on the books Is 46G3, with an average attendance ot 3301 -H92 male, and 1718 female, 'there aro eleven day sohoo'.n taught in the various schoolroom?, most of them in connection with the Government Board of -duration. The above oiatUtioi having been taken < u the crime form as the ono adopted by tl\« Union in October, 1807, Ehows tho fo'luvclng increase In the last clx years :-Number of elim chef, 4 ; buildings in which eorrloe is hold, SO; settled ministers, S; charon accommodation, 20S!I; attcndnice at fen Ice«, 2168; number ot church members, 409; ', number of Sunday schools, 11; Sunda)-school, teachers, 105; scholars 0« hools, 1S68; average attendance, 009; uay-eohooU, connected therewith, 4. ¡ After n «lobato on the proposed ditcontinuanco of tho April mcetingp, tho following icsolution was cniried, "That the April meetings be diecontiunod, but that tho committee of the Union snitll havo power to summon tlio, autumnal meetings -when thoy deem it necessary, or on tho rcquUitton of nny six dolcgntcs, given in writing, nutt Elating (lie object 'and place of such meeting, at least one month befoio it takes place." | Tho ltcv. J. G. I'IIABEU submitted a scheme for the estábil ti) m cn t of a Church und School Loan Building Fund, Ihe scheme having been dovised and commended to tho churches by tho Rev. ii'. Johnson, the ROY. J. Q. Fraser, M.A., and the Rev, J.,P. Sunderland. After ira animated dibcuBsion the following resolution' I vms proposed by Mr. FAIIIF.VX, Becondcd hythe Rov. T. S.FoitBAi-ni and carried,-"That.tha echorao proposed by tho ROYS. T. Johnson,'J. G. TYaser, M.A , and J. ¥. Sun- derland, be nppríved by tho Congregational Union." | On Tuesday ovening a public meeting was held, when tho CHAIUMA'N (the Rev. J. P. Sunderland), ^ delivered tho following hddrcsp: "Christian Brethren,-Culled by you, at short notico, to fill the position of Chairmuu to this Union, I must crave ?jour Christian ftiibeurancc. It is a positioa of honour, and thould bo regarded as" the 'highcBt mark of respect our de- nomination can confer upon nny of its1 rnembors. Tho i.s&dresp; the Chairman is oxpected to deliver is tho greatest task this office imposes. There aro duties to lo performed, . hut.thebuiden is mndo light by .the united deliberations ' and judgment of the general Cdunoil. Tho Chairman, how- ¡ over, must bo regarded us givingjuttoi-anco to his individual centiments and opinions. Thpse uialnid bofore tho brethren and the churchefi with Iho'distinctunderstunding that thoy . aro open- for .discussion.- ¿1 hoy.nro laddrcssod to moni who havo Leen accustomed to think for themselves-io test truth, by thcrcteitcd standajdof God's.word; hnd, if wo speak' not BCcoi'ding to the oracles of ' God, our uttcrahcos 'aro rejected. i ' .> . J * ! . t . .J " As Congrego'.ionalietß or ludependcuts, wo occupy n t'osition whick no -conceño, to be ol great importance, not' 'by the infhicnco of numbers so much as by tho simplicity and scriptural chaiaetcr of our Church polity. Mariy nblo .'expositions of ,our principios havo from time te timo been' "gh cn fi otu tho clunie of the vuriousCongregUional Unions 'in England,' Amtrico', nnd 'the colonies. Essays' hlivo been written- by. somo ' of our nblestimon on problems 'affecting chvii oh life und tho vunlage-ground ocoupiodby Iho Congregational Churches in their í'eligious freedom , «nd their adaptation fb Mho ever-growing expansion of tho human mindi J'Church problems have ccituinly occupied much; moro of tho thought of: tho leligious public in our day than ¿u former times. Ii is truo that ecclesiastical fopicB in certain circles linv e been discu^od in nil ngos ; h'lit the rapid diffusion of knowledge has brought beforo Iho minds- of multitudes deep nnd onnicet questions a; to Iho leal nature of tho kingdom of Christ and tho founda fion principles of the truo Church, which have tended to break down tho high sacerdotal pretensions of a domineer ing priesthood, It is a significant fact that in England especially, where nonconformity has had to fight hard to ' obtain tho rights of religious worship undor the widespread influence of a State church, that problems of church life are now very seriously studied. Tho charges of bishops . are given -with strong words of remonstrance, because if the progress Of tho free churches and tho Bampton lecture is employed, that some of tho ablest men of tho Episcopal, Church may uphold her claims and endeavour to show tho folly and weakness of dissent. It seems, however, that the, age in which we live is a practical one. Men draw con- clusions, not from tho ex cathedra statements of those who occupy high positions in tho Established Church,,but from the fruits which are to be gathered from faithful Christian labour. We cannot but be interested in tho grave questions which are agitating old ecclesiastical systems in England, ' We can in this colony rejoice in our religious freedom. We can look on tho battle fields of religious controversy about Church and State with interest. We can smile at some of the arguments which are used to defend a system of i Inn cb polity, which must give way bororo tho lido of public religious opinion, holding morn con-cot viowi of Ihoienl minn- of Christ's kingdom. Thoro uro evil* «hirh m<> (trouing to such ningniludn in too Estiblbhod Church in England, that must open tho eves of tho many devout and good men within her pale. Ritualism is cover ing tho simple and beautiful spirit of religion with her' tawdry garments, until there is nothing to be seen but a dn¡ biy °f Church millinery and grotesque costumes,which, would belter bi como a pantomime. Tho attempt to intro-, ellice tho Ci.vfttsional bus nionsrsl tho wnunest indignation of nisny .of (lie best members of tho Episcopal Church, but it is a significant fnct, " that 183 ordained clergymen will dnro to commend it to the pcoplo ns one of (ho Divino Sióm incnts.' In an English paper tho following paragraph occurs on (ho subject :-'When Lord Shnftealmry, in n, speech which for dignified passion ho, has never excelled,. I described it as, a' "demoniacal" sysicin, and a " hideous bestiality," every one acquainted with tho books of infraction for Roman Catholic prioi-ts felt that tho description was as accurate as it was forcible. Nothing - could bo moro frightfully degrading for nun, ovem of Iho purest ohnric-l ter, than to wndo tluough those) masses of filthy'suggestion with which (he priest must neocssarilj' become familiar be-' fore ho enn bo_considered ejuulified to enter (ho confession iii box nnd examino tho npphcanU for absolution. TU'o mau1 himself must hnvo become unspeakably contaminated by tho mero knowlcdgo of thoeo abysses'of vice iuto which! i humnii nnturo, nt its vory worBt, has Bunk. I lion to think that, with such knowlcdgo of tho possibilities of human sin, ho ia to question and probo, with careful minuteness,' those whoetck his priestly aid to discover whethor tho¡ man or woman before him has boen guilty of thoso hideous' sins-why, tho process must bo demoralising bojond ex-' pression. In truth, tho wholo system is'built upon' tho cupposilion . tlint men nntl wonicn aro per- petually, degrading themselves by sin, and Bin ofteH of too lowest kind. Everything noble, honltby, nspiring, pure, is absolutely ignored. All tho brighter' nsptcte of human nature aro resolutely set asido, and it is (rented ns a lump of loulnoss from too beginning to too; end. AYhnt is Ino natural result ? AVhy, this incessant endeavour to discover badness fosters it whoro it already' exit-is, anti creates it w hero it was previously unknown ; and wo mo not surprised to lind that, in Countries' whom confession is fully practisod, morality is nt its lowest,_nnd (ho whole peoples aro debved. If humaul nnturo is to be rabcd.it can never ho so by this ínotliod; but by tho reverse. It is by the desire to seo and to cherish the germs of goodness that goodnc»« will grow to ¡is own beautiful perfection. It was becauso Christ nu« n nobleness even in tho lowest outcasts that Ile guiñol} A irgendating power over their hearts mid lives.i Tho Methodists, Presbyterians, Baptiste, Congrogntionsl-' ista, and every other lingo soctionof the Christian wot lil arc absolutely freo from any complicity in this tremendous nnd tcrriblo evil ; while tho thought of holding a meetinjr, to pretest iinainstits introduction nmong them would be tho climax of absurdity. Tho reason of tins is not fur to took.! Among *' the sects," as they are unerringly termed, the.' Sacerdotal clement has no place, and if it sprung into o.\ isienco tho very conditions of spiritnfil lifo and boliof amon^ thom would iinuicclintclj- check ifs growth mid extinguish ita influence, but in tho"Church of England it is tho root of the whole system. Founded upon tho preposterous dogma of apostolic succession, and a false interpretation of apostolical power, all these modern audacities of (ho Ritualist are but a natural and inevitable development,' " AVo 1 cliovo that wo hnvo in our oongregatlonal polity Ihc spirit of progress, power, and adaptation to ovorj' form of hooiul life. \\\ o aro not unmindful of some of ita fa'iluros, but we must leiueinber that to uto tho highest form of Christian liberty needs a solf-contrel, an intolligoneo, anil a piety of no menn oidor. It is possiblo under somo ecclesiastical systems to maintain too power of religion when tho lifo lins .died out, but Congregationalism lus nothing but ita lifo to support* it, and when that dies it censes to bo. Wo hnvo tbo great fticte of Churoh history for nineteen .conturies for our tttudy. AVo truce in tho primitivo ChuichcB the principles wo seek to ombody in our Church life. AVo observo tho right of each Church to dei liberate upon mutters affecting its own interests, and to choose its' own ollloe-bcarcrs. The Churches wero united bj' tho vital principle» of truth and lovo. They worostronjr by a spiritual unity to accomplish the grout object of their cxistenccA-the glory of Christ and tho salvation of men. Christianity made rapid advances in the first three centurie» of her cxiBlenco. Wo then BCO tho riso and progress of certain forms of Church polity. Tho Slate becomes nllied to Iho ?hurch; earthly dignity associates itsolf with spiritual powers ; then wo have the hielarchy of the Papal Church from this Church. The spirit of the Refoimation has thrown off other envelopments of ecclesiastical polity. , " Congregntionnlibts tnko thoir stand upon tho principles contained in tho New Testament. Thoy believe ¡hoy htivo a full justification of oil their acts direct from Christ and His apostles. Men limj- sneer-pretend to despise our origin and existe neo; but, if wo read aright too spirit of our agc, tho foundation truths of Congregationalism OTC multing themselves .felt in nil ecclesiastical bodies. Do wo not leam by the dismissions which nro taking placo in the sj nodical meetings of tho Episcopal Churoh in these colonies, how tho claims of tho members of that Church aro being usscrtcd, and how much more potent the lay clement ia now than formerly. The Presbyterian Church, noaroat to the Congregational, she iilio lins to allow much moro lntitudo to congregational ncticn tonn was granted not many j-enrs back. Tho AVeslcj-nn bodj-, a \ cry compact organi- zation, yet holding the reins of powor in ministerial bands, linds it n much harder -task now than formorly to enforce her disciplino when opposed by her lay members. The duo Cnristian soul rejoices in the -liberty wherewith Christ lins made it freo, and it is only by tho warm, earnest, loving heart that the great ends of Christianity can bo promoted. That system is nearest to too Now Testa- ment model which -filL ovory heart with ásense of personal lcsponsibility to Christ, end bind« these hearts together iii nn earnest puruofc of work, and persistent effort for the conversion of inen.! AVkercvor n Church has boen successful, and has gathered into its membership multi- tudes of men, ils prosperity must,not, wo think, bo attrj butcd so much to its form of Church polity as to its burning zeal und true lovo to tho Lord JeMis Christ. In all Churches, even (ho niobt corrupt, good -has been done in spite of the system, because in. nil communions lhere have boon found tho ti no follow ci s of Christ. Thoy have loved the Saviour, nnd they hnvo deeircd to extend His kingdom, and to pré mole His gloi-y, and too Holy Spirit Tins blessed thoir labours. ! "As CongiegationnliBts wo hnvo a placo hi too kingdoài of Christ-wo aro a part of the great Catholic Church-wo can justify our coaleeiiutical stand-point- dospito tho clinigCB winch Iowa been made against lisons schismatic^, theil foro wo ask j'ou to turn your attention to a subject of great practical importance- our work as Congregntionalisls -the conditions under which wo aro cnlliel to labour, mid some of tho qualifications we need foi- the work Christ his given us to do. , i -. " Tho vigour of Christian lifo is maintained by the enjoy- ment of Ino Holy Spirit's influences, and the uotiVo einplojment of all our powers in Christian work.' A lifo spent in mero meditation dwarfs tho,holiest feelings of our nature, leaves untouched the best sources of enjoyment arid tho deeper bpiriiuul emotions. Christ, when ho left this world, ' pavo authority to his servants, and to ovory man liiii | woik. Every member of Chi¡Bt's Church has a placo in the kingdom of hcuvt n, und his spécial work to perform for the glory of Christ. Thoro aro many persons who forget (ho trent object of religious association und fellowship. Christ did not nish his people to bo formed iuto Churches, that religious duties might bo officially assigned to somo members of tho Church, that others might bo freo from personal responsibility, and dwoll at ' caso in him.' Thoro were to bo engaged iii hi« kingdom a variety of libourors ;of diflc-icnt capacities, temperaments, mid aptitudes; but nil hie disciples were to be woTkois in his vineyard, to em- ploy tho talents wTiieh God had given to them. " Ohr uork as Cougrcgntionaluts is to provide for tho fitithful preaching of, the giispcl, nnd to maintain simplicity of woie-hip' ' ' , ' " This may bo said to bo tho duty of all Christian bodios. and we have the facts of Church history to prove how it is possible to depart from the primitive standards,-and to ovcilay the trulliB of Bnripturo With human traditions, und, to'mnko too worship of the sanctuary n display of worldly pomp and'glory. . ' ' , . " It is matter for thankfulness ' that Congregational ,'.Churches, with so much freedom of action'nnd so littlo' boumPdown by religions creeds, ninintnin so much uni for- " mity of sentiment, doctrine/ and practice. In England, America, and Auslnilin, nmongit 'the Congregitionil Churches the saino substantial truths arc 'pronehed in Hie pulpits and taught in the Sunday-schools. Tho forms of 'voishipnrc marked by great'simplicity and oarnostness. Tho ' Mylo of our Church nrchitcoturo has bcon.improved. There Any hnvo been too much of tho Gothic stylo intio-' duccd into modern struct lires ; but so long_ ns Congrcga ticnnlists feel (hat the ministry is ono for uutrnction, net spectacular display, wo shall bo kept in propor bounds as to our slylu of architecture and the modes of conducting roll ' giouB services. ' ' " Our work demands that wo sliouldpay particular ntten-, lion to the training of men-' for tho Christian ministry. There arc men who hav'o' entered upon the ministry with but little-special culture or training for the work. Theright' of every Church lo elect ite own pastor gives grcator scope than nmOEgBl some other denoroinntions for men to enter this sacred calling. The Spirit of God, working on a loving hcnit-, can cnll'forth men into tho harvest field ; and there have been many very able men who have responded to such culls, and they have, through the possession of great natural powers, tceonio most useful in our denomination. It is, however; the duty of the Congregational Body, to bo Anxious to furnish thoto who nro called to the work of the ministry every facility for culture nnd Echolsrly prepara- tion for the preacher's duly. The demands mndo upon tho mental and spiritual faculties of a Congregational minister aro not light. Tho influence he has to exert i» personal- commending himself to every man's con- science an in the eight of God. The opportunities for rest are few. Ho has to keep up with his ago and to be tho'teachcr and guido of his pcoplo, and if ho would enjoy their respect andesfocm ho muet have a well ?'stored mind, Tt is,'thcn, the duty of tho Comrrogationalhts| to (live nu high a culturo .as possiblo to. I heir s tilden Is, tint | winn tin j lmvo the collrpcH for their lifa'a,work thoy may1 1« Ihoiouphly titled for their mcred calling. Iho foolish ol jeeliou to nn iducntid ministry only oxlat in tho minta nt ii lew wh-i mo not competent to cxpro'ss on opiuion, 'liri ii nich Mil jcctB. i ». i " Our woik culls for tho nclivo co-operation of all tho nu!i>l>i ts of oui ohunhts. , , "-3i,Mi) cliuieh ought to lo Iho centre of a clrclo of lenton ifiid rcniivfttfrig influencon. A Coiígrogítlon il I hureh ought to bo CB H part of nn army, brought to bear U| dillie moral enmity to God Milich surrounds it. Tho nu nilerB ol the Chuich Bhuuld bo as lights sliming in a dink |lino By thur spirit mid their lives, thoy should iiill_t_i-o IIIOBO willi whom iLcy como into contaot, for toi'il. If wo look back to Chri»t and his disciples wo leam bow soon »ntl how actively they wcio called to work in His tillie. Iho fn)d fur Christian dibit wnB tho world. livery foi m of htiinun need was looked nt, nnd the disciples woro . suit forth m iho 111:1110 of Christ to do His work and dnnv a« mun} IIB ponibV into earnest co-opcralion with Ihom, 'lim lotdiliuli of tho woild in Christ's day was durk ; niiireii'U-tfuntiBof BU) oißtition Cprcefcd down tho human Intelliel; lulu nillercd from slavery and oppression; 'j ovo ty, siikneas. und mUory wero Tuet with on ovory aide. J he «mils of humanity drew limiiy to tho Saviour to sup-i pliuile His l.ilp. Full uf Divino lovo. ho healed all manner i.f diseuses, iii.d iilso commanded liis. diBoipU-B to work migldj drids in Hin nniiie. '.Oin duly ia to tnko Christ and His disciples as our, mcdil. It m tobo feared that MO havo not such a clear impression 11s wo ought to lim oof our duty to those who aie- outtiilu tho palo uf tim Chuich- of the naturo of tho .woik wu ought to do fur Christ. "MMiy^mciiibiiB of nur churches and cougi-egations fctm to icpnid it IIB their chief duly to attend the Borvicos of tim luminary, to mjtty tho ministry of tho Word, and to contri'oin lonnids tho support of'Christian ordinanociJ Scmo thmk that once n ditj on tho Sabbath is all tho out wuid icsjcol due fii.ni lh nie counieted. '1 lie real work of tho Church is left with a few. 1 ht y mo expected to bear 1ho burden of 'nil outward' work. It oflcn hnppi IIB that, if juraons riao in flooiat poii-( tion, incienso in wialih and worldly influence (hey loso their (oslo or disposition for Christian work, and loavo it to olheis. 'I liiH ought not to bo. Onr duty a» Congregational chutrlus is to leaven society with tho Gospel-lo go into* tho biglnviijs-lo seek out iho lost sheep-to vtoit tho poor,1 tho fnllicilifs, nnd the widow-to mnko tho Church tho place of icftige, of hope, of salvation, to men who havo been aisiipi oinfid by tho world, who have been deceived by fabo fiici.ds, who luivo been left biuiacd and bleeding by having fallen nmongstthievrs. Ourwoik is to miso tho 'fallon, to guide tho irring, and tu-bring buck lost sheep to tho fold of. Christ. '.Kvciy lnrgt church should employ its resources of pit tj , flnrglh, nnd wi nilli foi- Iho nulli in eur great cities.1 Hie «mubo* of our chinches should be Iho best agenta for pre moling nintnlhy mid pulling into operation thean numnsi which will lime a tendency lo elevate Iho mass of sinful Immunity «round than. Ho* not let tis think, that there ii nnj pliuu too dark for (ho light of ihc gospel to shino-that nny uno is loo nbiiudoLcd to evil lo merit our aid. Mark tho coi.dnct of tho r-nviour. flow ready Ho was to help \ tho ] our euitciiFl, and to givo salvation to tho ohiof of, sinners. Our woik must imbrnro every form of Booiol lifo; bul no cr lot 11s forgot that duly CIIIIB ihn memtiors ot Iho ihureh to work hard mid faithfully omongst Iho lovett classes of fallen human nature,1 Hint iciio may bo saved nnd' sanciiSod. In our Iñigo chinchen partiotilnrly, there should bo direct nuil spciial ngentB rinploved to act upon tha surrounding dmkiicsB. Rooms for gathering; tho poor together for in sliu ttoii-fur Icaihing tho children on tho Sabbath, and visitéis to lake up cn tain poi tiona of Iho c-y or Ion n witera i\impilillie laboui ÍB most nrrilid. "Wo think moro direct pii d » enid Ve> 1 Ifcrtrd by cmh church having ÜB band of '«1 01.11 is ui.dir ils ovin direction, than can bo secured on the- piueial pinn of 11 city mission. Thcso orgnniinlionB nro ofti u t.n apoh'gy for tho neglect of duty by our individual 1 lim du s. " Our work should bo na all embracing as our oppor- tunists mid incnns will nllow. The 'conditiou of the dis- tricts y.killi suirou-d our chun lies will meet with tho first attention. All that concern « tho moral welfare nnd social sltitc of the population will bo worthy of confiidcration; The rising pmciation will demand earnest effort. The best mrnrs of counteracting the influence of tho world will ho sludicd, and those iiidiicements will belaid boforo young men nr.d women which will ttnd to keep them in the ways of tnilh and 1 olincss. It ii very evident that in all our churches Hine ¡» much iufluenco lost for want of heirty eo-cpirnlicn. The work is oflcn done bj'a very few, until the mi'ny think they hato como prescriptive right to look em in.d admiro or condemn the labours of their brethren. The cry on every hand is ' Iho laloutcra aro few, tho har vest in grenU' "if, then, tho few havo done BO much, whaj incrcaso of power should wo havo if tho spirit of a self; consecration lo lied should fall upon the whola of our numbers, nnd all who oin would work in soma depvrt mi-iit of Christian usefulness ? What glorious result« would follow ! "What new lifo would bo infuicd into our Chnnlics! What nu increase of BJ mpathy and lovo would spring «ip in our fellowship, for there is nothing so binds us together na working together for tho cause of Christ, 1 "Ourwoik is nmougBt Iho thicky populated oît'es and towns. Congregationalism ÍB not ndnpted to cotnt peto willi other- denominations in sparsely populated counliy disliiclB. Denominations having endowments, receiving aid from tho Sluto, havo been able to keep tip their foi «is. of worship and employa minister whorp VYC rnuld not do so. AVo think it is most undesirable to compelo with other denominations in small dis*, trida, tut whore tl.croia a population of suílioient uwiguí tudc lo sustain our efforts fhcio our work should bo com- menced. Our advent may the means of infusing; now liff) nnd energy into other branches of tho Church labouring for lbe ono great Master. ' . | "Our work should assume as consolidated a form ns pofEiblc. t . 1 j " Tho details of church work tako up conaidcrahla timo. Ministers mid church members have to meet to deliberate, and foi m plans for carrying mi tho various church orga- nizations, and the qticdtion ' may be asked-Has not tho timo fully come when tho woitt of tim Union may iii amnlgnmatcd with tho. lloma Mission ? Would it nat git c moro intorrst to our gatherings, mora consolidation tp I our efforts, nnd snvo much vnluablo timo ? The sanus | ministers lind church numbers are on fkc committee of each society. 11.0 objects of tho two «Bsouiutions could bo full* cai ried out under oso directory, and the connection of titi Union with tho lloma Mission would bo mutually bciifj fltial. In largo communities, as in England, wo can seen reason,foi- tho separation, but in a colony like this tho union ii very desirable Where this amalgamation ha« booti effected it has been found to answer well, raid to givo 0011! pnclncfs to our woik. * ' " Our work IIB CongrcgationiilUt« should be can ¡edon in the spirit of unity and lovo. I " Although onch Church is Independent,yot there should lo a piopcr*toncern for cadi other's welfare" and prosperity. Thcio should bo no coldness or indifferent» to tho wivnts of n fiekr Church. Separate in organization, still wo ought (0 te linked together by tho vital connection of faith in Christ und a desiio to do His work with nil our might, red lo extend our vi iirmcst sj-mputhy and love ' to evory church of our own dénomination. "Wc should also in our woik bo prepared to co-oporato with nil other Christian Churches ns far.us practicable. Thcro ia no doubt much good aritos out of tho existence of tliu v nnous shapes of Church pov oi ty » 0 »co uround us. Largo ecclcfiesticiil organisations hnvo nlwnjs been a misfortune. Ilowcver pcifcct a sjetem may be, it has to bo worked b^ impeifctt, erring men. Proud and ambitious spirits have frequently been mure bent upon cat rjing out some ambi- tious schemo of Heir own, than alvnncmg the general, welfare of tho Church. Thcso denominational divisions havo tended to check lmlawfui ambition. Tho lifo of tho chuuhts has been stimulated, und uicn havo agreed to differ on minor points, whilst c.ich Chinch has sought in itsounwnj to enrrv out tho views which it hns adopted. Tho Confiicgntt'onui body lins ever held out a friendly hand to other Churches, although its mombers havo lind stroii0' convictiotiB of its own Sciiptiual stand-point. Thoy hayo often-Hoiked with other CuurckcB, and thoy hnvo ever givcn'fhiii influcnco lo picmoto brotherly lovo and civjl tnd leligious liberty. Vcconeludo thiB part of our subject by introducing nn extract from the Rev. "Ward Beecher : ' Our work is evangelization, civilization, giving intelli- gence with conscience, inspiring a holy and snnctifiod life, spreading ther light of truth abroad' everywhere; and that we may be helped in this thing, God is letting down streams ' of light in overj-diiection, whioh,'though,ns thoy nromnnl pulntul thoy ma} for tho timo being Bccm to bo antagonistic, arc, 1 think, more beneficial than nil tile influences of tho Church hnvo been for irtnuy generations. I moan tho vory great pi ogress wbiih'is now beiiig made scientific investiga- tion into iho origin of the naturo of man-into tho theory of society-into the cjuostioiis of obligation, and sociology, and , jurisprudence, und law, »ni humanity. Thcso things aro passing under tho inquisitions of 'science in thcso lnttor daj B. «..if 1. j 'Let no man think that by sueh an inquisition wo lose im) thing wo ought to keep. -1 think wo shaty havo moro nBBored truth thun wc ever have hnd. 'Wo may turn out moto ignorant than wo hnvo been necustomed to-'supposo ourselves to be. Wo do not know ¡is nvUch as wo' think . wc do ; ntd tb'flrid this out will bo'a good thing. ' ' ' j ' I nni all gold," says the great nugget, ns'it comes out of tlio minc. ," I « ill 'eco what you uro," says tho chomist ; nr.d he puts ifiiito the crucible, "A part of it proves to lio gold, and.a patt oÇit slag. - The lump ot cold is not so big hy one-half when it comee out- ns'whcn it went in ; but it ÍB'Airo gold that con)éBl out, and dross that is loft behind, j ' '. Let UBUUW consider thb conditions .under which wo aro cnllid to labour. '!', '' - ; >",' ?'[. ? ' | ' " Conuregntiûiialibls Iii these colonies woik under favour- able conditions, "Wo hnvo tho ntruceC fiecdoni. "We stand ona pltilftiim of îeligious hVerfy. Hero wé havono'Dis, ecntcis. Thoo ii no Stato^f-htirch.'; 'Tho tèrm.DiBsentcr, OB applied to ils. is a miradmcr. It may occasionally drop from tho lips of thoso who havo lecently como to tho colony 'fiom Engl.ipd,'whcro'thcEO tenns'aro often usod as indi- cating contempt for those who do' nbt belong to the Epis ropalr Church. 'Wo;cau imsgina how oppreesivo tho -ecclesiastical 'ntniosphero1 of England' must bo to IIIOBO of our bicfhrc-n.'wko hilve- once laboured under our fiecdom furn 'nil dominant' church, powcis. Our bright sunny clime- our opportunities to work nlongsido nil truo men of every Chuich-our liberty to plant the stnndurd ni the cioFH wherever wo -seo en opening fordoing good-our active, ilite;lligent pcople-^our various sources of wealth, moko tho conditions, und»r which we have to woik highly encouraging,'end stimulating. Thcro ¡B'por hups " no patt , ol ' tho world whore moro empty priestly prcfçssionVgo for io little BB in Australia. Men's mind« ero epiicBciied hythe circumstances in- which they n> c plaeca. ¡ Tho: old world wi ocmlion« of o broken up ; mon! e»i iiiriousnntioiinliiiisaic tbioun togollicr; prejudices aro re ii tiv.el ; lhere» is nut tout,obtoqu'oua loverenoo for minis-] ,<"ii'l, chara! ter which may, bo found in somo parts.of] Filhlaidnnil'Çcotlaiiel; yet mon'of earnest purp'oso'do libt, ii il to 11 ni'mnnd fei pelt. .' i >i . '' 1" ' I '.'1 he fluet nntions of co'oninl life aro often very trj'ing| lo thrsi) who uro mp oped in ministerial, work. , Usofuli 1u,tniliisriiuo\o BO of ti n from piuco to place. Plnns for1 ,iten!ly work mo, interrupted., Much general work is thrown bpon the minister, lind thoro isa demand for-patienbei arid! hope, 11>e> renditions of colonial work call for too display' of prest judpmtnt and onorpy on Iho part of tho minister, ¡ »id his pow ci s aro (axed to lill up the vacancies mndo by these cl.iiiiprB incidí ni to colonial life. . ", "'J ho r.oti\o,'inlillifjcnt, and enquiring character of clio ego in which'wo lito írquircs (but OUT best rncrgics bo implojcd'to tidnpt-our instructions to meet (ho mental mo sfiritunl wants cf thoBo who listen to us. Tho piitcriil se lie mo of publio education imparta te the rising gin ration intliuçtion in ., many brnncho* of learning, but lhere . is a very solemn duty Und- ing «jon (ho numbers of onr »hurdle« to see llifil f) it it uni knowlcdgo is impmtcd to tho youth of both sues Ifb'ngiiig lo our denomination, 'lhere should bo sound uligioup ttnining in every Christian home. Parents should hnvo beforo them the very grave responsibility divohing upon them, to (rain their children in tho fear of the Loid. 'f here is a end outcry in our eolouics of tho dis ol i dien co of children, tho umniinngcnblmcss of sons nnd i dniichtiiB, nnd the r-rcneB of open rchellioii in immy a household, "lhere is no doubt nnioh neglect of earnest pr«j eiful (raining of (ho young, and cM'orlB should bo rando' lo awaken in puent« a senso of their personal rosponsibili tie», ni d the Chuich must do her part in seeking to gain tho coiifdcnco of 1ho young-bringing thom into ouri Snnelnj-sebeóla and our rnliitious worship, and adapting' the initructions ol tho pulpit to meet tboiv claims. j " AVc must not overlook (ho signs of too timos ;, not mora rnmcslly should tbo watchman mark too ovonts of tbe' pnsn'ng nicht nnd bo ready to Bound too alarm when dangor1 is near, than should wo bo ready to meet thoso dangers which threaten our fnilh and hope in God. Tho spirit of ¡ un) clief in nil revealed tmth is wido spread. Tho disco- veries in modern science hnvo not been followed by that' merimo for God which should mark e vory manifestation of ' Gi d in tho law s w life li regulate tho world" of mind and matter. It is painful to observo how somo scientists try to keep (he name of God out of their thoughts-nut of thoir inve stigntionB. Yot how palpable it is, that willi all thoir keen annljH'K, leith all tho long courso of investigations into tho nnturo and origin of all things, they come to a point where, there is a bhink-(hero is something wanting-whicU' iliiloforhy cannot snpplj', and that great cause which lie» be j end (heir sight-is God. '"Iho conditions under which f/o havo to work, demand (bat wo should tnko n deep interest in nil that oouocrns the disco\cricsof tho ago; wo should wolcomo ovory truth seeker SB n friend ; MO should not bo unmindful of too in- vestigations of men into too science of language, history, nMionomj-, or into nnv department that will givo us a I deeper insight into God's workB; tho laws by which tho' material unii erf e is governed, as fat ns it is possible for too, bunnin mind todiBCotcr them: but lot ns havo clonr con-, ceptiens of tho woik wo havo to do, and not be turned away ii í in the great purporo of a Christina.'s lifo- (ohononr Christ,! and bring nil men back to God, frohi whom thoy have' revolted. Science and revelation cannot bo antagonistic. AVo hnvo to show tho harmony bein coa them, and if >tl)cro aro ditcrepnniiB we cannot reconcile, let UB bo satisfied to wait» for further light, neknowleago our ignoranco, but let us take our stand upon toe facts of revelations, ns far as thoy hnve been understood-human experience as far as it lina Is en tested-and seltnen as far CB it has been explained, and feel that wo bare sufllcicnt ground for our hopo and (nut in God, ns sinners, through the salvation that is in) Christ JctuB. * ' "Never did Christian men woTk under moro favoured conditions-(ho pulpit nnd tho press aro mighty initru mcntalitics for pood. 'Iho Church has tho Lord's Day for her work. "lhousnnds aro brought together on that day in iho sanctuary, and in tho Sunda)'' school for religious instiuclion. Mnny who do not nppcnr in nny place of . woifhip may bo Influenced by religious literature. AVo haven solemn responsibility resting upon us to innkothq lest use of (beso means, for tho glorious purposes of Divino love. Ilicfo oro providential circuiuBtancca in (ho history; of individuals, families, nnd even nations, that may bo used to impi ess men's minds with tho personality of God iho need of a Saviour and the advantages of a religious life-tho qunlificatlonb wo require for too wot k Christ has1 givin IIB to do. , Î s ' "Chribl rftljBhiB followerB lo work in hi« vinoj-ard. If wo aro to bo successful we must go to out- work with enlim-! (¡nun, with a burning,zeal for Christ, AVo mutt havo too adaptation rcflnircd lor tho special work wo aro called lo rorfoim. It is a snd thing when men get intowrong places ..-they try to do work they arc not fitted (o disohargo. È vory dieciplo of* Christ should carncslly and prayerfully seek to know what tho Lord would hnvo him do-what aro the indications of liin providence. Many havo aspired to be teaihcis of others whin tlioj' would hnvo better served the Lend ns »chotara. Mnny have entered the Christian ministry only lo bo n burden to the causo of Christ instead of helps. '1 hey might havo filled some useful spheres ns members of the Church acting under too direction of others, "but thoy wore never fitted by nnturo or ernco to bo lenders of ment Under wiso guidanoe they nuplit have done much good, but through somo false impression of their duty, they have been placed in a posi; linn which bah been attendis! bj-no honours; secured no mucioiis roi-ultp. They havo been wandering stars in too llmielis hemisphere." Congregationalism has littlo to invito n man within its palo who docs not' love work ançj lim ppine spools) qualifications for it, Thorois littlo to sustain M'rulknef s, and it is coon mndo manifest w bon n man has missed his calling nnd ja nnt fitted for his work. In such cites how much moro honournhlo would it bo lb retire at once from tho olfico of the ministiy than try tb hold n plaio until, clothed vita painful humiliation, too ret in me ni becomes a matter of necessity. A high stand aid ÍB required to be a successful Congregational minister. Our v.oilt (nxcBlho powers of tho lest men. There nmtjt lo en the part of tho minister a firm grasp off religious truth-a devout and intelligent study of tho" Holy Scriptures-a mind nblo to rulo men in lot«'-without loidirg it over them-an ex! pansivchenrt to sjmphthiso with the people-to be thoir teacher) guide, coiinicllor, and friend -diligent in tho study of human nature, nnd ever te take advantage of tifo MiriouB ovente of Divino" Providence to impress men's [ mindn with tho wiso nnd grnciouB rulo of God over his ercntiircf-n mind in hnrnionj* with all i too benevolent movements of the age, und not Indifferent to too various trains of thought which prevail out of his own immediate circle. Expansive, loving, "and catoolio in mind and hoarj, unselfish, unwoildly, devoted' to tho ono object of his life, lu (ho Conqiegationalitt of July, the Rev. J. G. Rogofa indicates (lio kind'of men we need to moko onr work successful-' AVu want men of a Christ-like spirit, inflamed withn passionate vtcnl for tho salvation of men, who wi|l Í trench. Christ himself, nnd so preach Him an to mako men eel that to them Ho is a living Saviour, nnd that thoy aro daily in communion with linn.' Such men full of tilo Holy Ghost will have power oven in this gonoration. Instead of hesitancy nnd fullering utterance in which truth is compromised, and enfeebled,, they will speak with all thp force of assured" ccmiicl'on. Thoy will meet the outcry ngninst dend creeds by practical manifestations of (ho power of n living faith. Thoy « ill' replace (hebroken down sanctions of ecclesiastical authority by too witness which holy lives will benr to the divinity of truth. "Thoy. will oven come the world bj' faith in tho Son of God, and win it fiom its rébellions by too'exhibition of His Spirit ' I " Tko-ministtr'B qualifications should bo of Uio best-tho . holiest character. Tho people will take their tono from bim y -his spirit will bo reflected ¡n the lives of top members of the church. Fiom etery minister much is expectdd' of consociation, Zeal anti love to Christ-where the»3 qunlificntionB exist (hey «nubt exert a powerful ¡nfliioncjo nron thoso who accept him as thoir teacher and guidf). The days in which we live require that our testimony be certain on the cardinal points of our faith. It has become fashionable to doubt-we might imagine that the spirit of a sceptical philosophy has unsettled every doctrine of Christianity, and left us in fog-land to seek some other foundation on which to build our hopes of a better life. But the foundation i God, has ,luid in toe Bible is tho ono on which wo take our stand. We mutt bo picpmed to look at honest doubts-we must be willing to ' receive light from whatever source it may como. Wo muf t be ictidy to follow the patient investigations that mo'going .on in the world of matter and mind ; but we must not ho led nw.iy from too hopo of our calling which is in Christ .Jems, ,'AVp must bo icnily togiyo a clear and faithful op- position of (ho work of too Holy Spirit in our honrta-tho i cflecls of tlio Inith of God on our minéis nnd consoioneep,, and, froinn personal experience of thofblessings of the Goi pel on us und thoso associated with us, moko it manifest to "all around that the ,Gospel is (ho power of, God( to salvation, . ' ', * ' " " Tho qualifications Vhich ministers and people require are nliko in their nature.- ' AVo shall i never infltionco tho ¡wojld-ns we oitght'until sic draw our Inspiration from Christ-until wo mo filled with too Holy Spirit's divino influences. The, feebleness of tho Churcho» arises from the' want of. moro consecration, more Bolf denial,' tmoro prayer', ' moro hope, moro lovo. Tho fqufiliflititions 'to do> good, convert sinners,! comfort , the distressed, and extend the'kingdom of Chiist,nio not to j bo fonud in, nny new doctrines, ini any forms of higlict . eeholcuehip, but, in toq glowing lovo of too Christian te 1 ClniU/ntd those for,vhbm'Hc died.' There ÍB pov or in tho Gospel of Christ to-nccompliBlins much now as it did in tho early days of tho» Church ; but wo must hnvo tho-samo faith, zcnl, and lore ne thoso early disciples; wc must cul- tivate the samo dejicndeiico upen God, and pray for tho ' oútp'ouiing of tho Holy Spirit. Christ must Ino in us, w'owuft bo.dend to too world. If these qualifications are burs', vio filinll be -delivered from tho constant balancing of our duty to tbo Saviour and tho woild, which is tho sign of rfi.low state, of religious feeling. Tho lo\o of the world, confojuiity to its usngcB, fccblo enjojment of spiritual things, giadually unlit tho soul for work in Christ's king deui, and destroy »11 the true vigorous lifo of too Christian woikcr. 'AVo cannot serve God and Mammon.' " Out qualifications for our work must come through tamest, intelligent convictions of the mighty issues which ino at ttuko in the reception oi rejection of tho liutliB of Christianity. *If any mnn loto not 'he Leid JesUB Christ, let him be nnnthoma maranatha.' If nny manwiRlifs to do Hi« will, be shall know .of too doctrine whether it bo of God-life or doath. Eternil plenture or endless woo hang« upon too reception or rejection of (bo .Christ. Lot us (hen seek to bo clothed with (ho whole armour of God; let innot spend ourrtinio and energies in dispute« about forms and ceremonies ; lot us-not dwell upon quittions which aro non-e»*enti»le-to salva ion ;, but,!, t us look upon mon OB dying, porishiii? T sill ; lol tifl'ask-1 hriBt what wrf.can do loaavosomo an|h all thiifo varied lnBtrumentolitica put into our h.m,i7 forth with «io heart of n true sLlZXt^ îçj loic and 1 li si, Tho Saviour lins uindo it powiblo iii o all who love linn moy bo made tho means of Uviog »01,1, it IB not ho pnv lege of any cliiBi.ago, 01 condition ,nlif0 J ho sou saved by tho grnco of (iod cm say to «"sa mound, '-Como lo JCBUB. Ho lovca you. lío died ¿I }°u;'M<-.¥j « on, all labeur under ii sacred imprMs on of tho crflndcir of the work w-o have to do, and Z 'instant in pni) or ' for all those qualiflcntions for oar fprciul calling, eo>tbnt when our wink on earth ¡a uideil, wo mny hear Iho Saviour's commondntion-' Will done, gfifd and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful in a few things, 1 will muko theo ruler over.many thin« enter thou into tho joy of thy Lord.' B ' " Ditml'B mo not Thy sorvicc, Lord, ' ,ltut train ino for Thy will, í , For.cicn 1 in fields so broad Somo duties may fulfil ; ? > I, And I will ask for no toward, j -xicpt to serre Theo still. I . ,"A'l works are good, and each Is bast ' I ' ' As most it pleases Thee; . , I» eli worker pleases when tht rest l Ho selves In ohatitj ; - .' . And neither man nor Vro-k nablest Will Thoa permit to bo. " Onr Master all tho work bath dono Ho asks of u« to-day ; Sharing Ilia »crvlco, every ono -- ,. 6baic, loo, Ms 8nn>hlp may; ' ' ' lord, 1 would lervoand bo n son ; M - ( Msmiis mo not, I pray " . OnWidncfilBy morning, tho ministora, tho doWlei fho sludenlB of Camden Collcgo,""with the Roy. It. Marni! field,-flic Rev..J.-Greenwood, tho Rev. W. Cmnoiv, and other visitors assembled to breakfast, iu the schoolroom, in responso, to ,tho invitation of ;Mr. Fairfax. There vîoro between eighty and ninety gentlemen "present. After tho brcakfnst thcro WOB o free conference, tim principal fopio of conversation being tho attitude Iho dcnominition should taVo in respect to tho distribution by Government of ccr tain funds, tho interest of monoy raised by tho sale of Church and School lands, ainonget somo of the churches in lim colony. _ . ( At S p.m. the ministers and delegates reassembled, when after devotional exercises, tho Rev. W, SI.ATÏEU read ¿ fnper cn " Tbo Desirableness of Establishing a lialiring 'und for MuvÍBtcr6." After somo discuBsion It was rcBolvcd,-" 1. That Olia \- Union recommends tho formation as early as possible, of a retiring fund for ministers, and appoints a committee, consisting of tbo Rev. "W. Slntyer, tho Rev. T. S. Forealth, arid Meiers. Mullens and S. Hnguo Smith, to draw up g echeinc for the establishment and administration of such a fund, to to submitted to tho commilteo of the Union, and, if approved, tobo acted or» immediately. 2. That donations iownidfl the fund in'piomises extending over six month! bo nt onco solicited. 3. That Mr. J. Múlleos bo treasurer pro Irm." The Rev. J. F. CULLEN thon rca'd a very suggestive paper on "Tho'Pulpit In its relation,to tho suppression ot immornlitj-." ' . i ; The reading of tho pap«, -ros followed hy an. interesting discussion. A volo of thanks for tho.two papers was thoa nnnniinonalj passed by tho assembly. ' In tho .evening a well-attended public meeting was held, at which, three addrcíBca wcro dolivcrcd on tho, tipie, " Religious lifo nud work." Tho addresses wcro in tho following order:-"1. Tho means of promoting spiritual lifo," by tbo Rev. ,W. Mnthison ; "Tho noocssity and mult of spiritual lifo," by the Rev. S. U. Rothwell; "3. Non-workers," by Mr. J. MUIICIIB. ' ' J I 1 On Thursday tho ministers and delegate» met for con- ference at,3 p.m. i Tho ROY. E.Robinson ope_od,vith prayer. v ' - « 1 ho Rev. T. J. PF.ry-r.it moved, tait, Mr. FKATT Boconded, the following resolution :~" That, in tho opinion of this opfemblj- a Congregational Year Book for Now South AVttlca would provo a valuabjo auxiliary to our dcniniim. tien by diffusing much important intelligence, and hereby rcqufsfs the Committeo of, tho'Vnion to tako such Btepsli may be ncccsiary to establish tho enmo." . ,.. > Aftor discussion tho motion wns^rricd unanimously. . The Rcv.'J, C. KIWIY moved, and Mr. CAM-BÜTBII seconded, tho adoption of a potitinn to bo presented to tbo Legislature ngainBt the proposed alteration in tho License! Publicans' Act extending .its provisions to refreshment rooms on the railway stations. After considerable discussion the motion waa agreed to on n division of 2ß to 11. ' ' . ' 1 ho ROY. R. N. Morris, B. A., Principal of CamdciCol lepe, was admitted a personal member of tho Union. Mr. R. NO-IT moved, tho ROY. O', O. HOWIIES Booondod, and it wns carried unanimously,-" That it bo an instruc- tion from this Union to its committee,to assist in putting into operation tho Congregational Church and School Lois Building Fund, nnd in nominating a Botrd to administer its funds." x ' It was moved by tha Rev. T. JOHNSON, seconded by Mr. BATV-J KU,-" That this Union having been mado acquainted with tho fact flint the interest of tho piocccds of tho salo of cei tain of tho Church ant School Landa ia-being handed over to (be heads of tho four denominations, remits tho subject to the committee of tho Union, with instructionito tnlio in mediato steps in the matter of bringing it bofon th« Asrtmblj'." A fter'discussion tho motion was' unanimon<>ly agrecdf«. Tho CitAiiiMAN read a potition on tho closing of piibljj. hantes on Sundays, Bent from tho Temporáneo Alliance, It was roaolud " thnt it bo a recommendation to tho mem- bers of this Union to sign tho potition." It wns unanimously resolved,-"That tim thanks of tia meeting be given to the Chairman for his admirable addre« delivered on Tuesday evening; and to Iho ROY. W. MaihiBon, Iho Roy. S. U. Rothwell, and Mr. J. Mallan, for theil- oddrcBscs delivered on Wednesday ci cuing. This concluded tho genornl business of the scanlon. Ths minute» wero read and confirmed. On Thursday evening, a united communion service was held, ht which "there WBB a large attendance. Tlio Rev. p. MosEop preached tho sermon ; tho ROY. T. J. Popper, tjie Rev. W. Bradley, tho Rev.-J.,P. Sunderland, tho Rov. T. Johnson,(ond tho Rev. O'. O'. Ilowdcn »IBO tookputin tho service. ' ' *" 