STRANGE. Thero is no dcubt now of the visit to our shores at Christmas of an All England Eleven, who aro bound to rcceivo at onr hands that cordial greeting which is ever accorded from Australasians to any who como from the dear old mother land, bringing with thorn accredi ted acconnts of their prowess on the green sward. The welcome will, no doubt, he a universal one, as it will be extended by at loast three of the ooloniee, and as far as Victoria is oonnornorl hv all of hsr nrinninnl ,oitios and towns. That being so, it is very mnch to be regretted that a cause has arisen which may mar the perfcctiou of the wel come, and may, nay, will, do much to open the gaping wounds of a schism which we, in common with all lovers of tho game, had hoped would havo closed for over when that dreary splat. ii in tho Yarra was heard in the gloaming so many weeks ago. To this subject we refer with tho greatest reluctanco ; but tbe public cannot have failed to have; noticed that iu nearly all the crioket squab bles of the past ten years, the name to which we refer has beon fui emost. That name no one cares about repoating now, and it was the fond hope of most persons that the quarrols ho had fostered, the grudges he had . embittered, and the degrading caste preju dices ho had.raieod up, would havo Icon buried with him. But it is not so. A match committee has been chosen to cleat the eightocu to reprcsont Victoria against Eng land, and tho names of the gentlemen chosen aro Hammerslsy (Melbourne), Wilkie and Gaggin (East Melbourne). Of the fitness of this oommitteo it is not our purpose to- speak, oxoept to say that tho nomineo of the senior club is notoriously unfit for any po sition in which experienced and clear and unbiassed judgment are the first requisites. So many yearn ago, Mr. Hammersley no doubt was a very good bat— a minnow amongst the small fry ot tbo day. But, like1 racehorses, cricketers have trained on, and the improvement in the breed is so marked that it wanta a man of the day to judge tho men of the day, and not a fossil of tho post. But the gravamen of the case is that on this so-oalled matoh committee, whnt can fairly claim to be tho second club of the colony — the present holders of the Champion Cup, indoed — South Melbourne — iB utterly unrepresented.' It needs no ghost risen from tho dead to toll ua the reason of lliis— a reason which should bring a blush to tho ohcek of every -member of tho committee of the Melbourno Club who has the heart of a Man. 