My Landladies.-Chapters of a Digger's Life. [BY HENRY KINGSLEY.] MES. MACKINNON. - (CONCLUDED.) Still I rode across to Mitchell's to try and find my man, I was deeply anxious about it. As it happened, I had made my fortune during my absence twice over. That I will tell about afterwards. Mitchell was out, at which I was disappointed, because he as a magistrate might have helped. His housekeeper, Mrs. Bryon, was in, however, and my horse was lame, and the grooms were both out, and when they came home were totally unable to get a fresh horse for mo. And so Mrs Byron possessed herself of my person, and put mo in my near old bed room, and fed mo on tho fat of tho land. The grooms wore her sons, and all in the conspiracy. There wore above fifty horses on the run, hut I was not allowed one of them I had submitted to Mrs. Bryon before, but had fought her on the subject of my kangaroo. She was then my servoant. Now she was my landlady I sub mitted to her entirely. "THE MUSCLES OP HIS BRAWNY A.RMS ARE STRONG AS IRON BANDS." I I I was nearly three days there, and on the third I was so worried and anxious that I told Mrs. Bryon that I should like to lay down my head and dio therein my happy old home. She asked " Why did I ever leave it ?" and I said " I am sure I don't know." P,But there was DO news about Mac-none whatever. I was always considered to be in possession there when ever I went, because the chief overseer, whilo possessed of every Christian virtue, was not a gentlemen, and yet was so far a gentleman that he would not show. My time was getting short. I must go. When my landlady, Mrs. Bryon¡ carno flying in and cried, .' Oh, Mr. Blank, tho judge is coming !" I thought she meant the day of judgment, and ran into tho verandah to look eastward. It was only Jud go Hundford coming on circuit with a couple of troopers behind him. Instead of being frightened, however, I told her to get lunch. Which she did. I was cool with the judge, as I did not like him ; and finding that both his troopers wero cadets, I made thom come in and sit with us. Ho was very CI-OSB at first, and Mrs Bryon was scared But as I pointed out to the judge privately that in all probability tho two young gentlemen would bo lieutenants in two months, ho quite saw his way to this arrangomont. The judgo was new to tho colony, and was nervous about my opening tho French window and admitting my old emu, who, I regrot to say, pecked him on the top of his head, and proposed to line a nest with his hair. Ho did not Uko me at all, because ho did not under, stand my position, and the reason why I treated him de haut cn baa. I was perfoctly civil to him on the whole, however, because I wanted to got something out of him. I thought of champagne, and made my pro sent^landlady, M TB. Bryon, get a bottle of it, and the t'udge drank it all up while the cadets went out to their lorses. " Can yon toll me, your honour," I asked, " anything about a man called Mackinnon ?" "YOB," said tho judgo. "Ho has headed this now gang of bushrangers !" In vino veritas ! "What Christian namo ?" I asked. He pulled out bia papers. ''Christian name, Colin. Age 48. Wife took to drinking. Previous character good. Left tho Avoca thrco months ago. Ia that your man P" " I fear it is, your honour." " Do you know his wifo P" " Yes, your honour." " Sho should keop from di ink, my dear sir. A man who drinks ÍB ono thing, but whon a woman takes to it hor virtue ia not safe. Wo look at theso things in a practical maunor, you BCO " I mado my conyn to him and asked for my horse. Georgo Bryon was thcro on another. " Whoro aro you going, Georgo ? " " Ho is going with you," said his mother. " You aro not fit to tako caro of yourself." "I'll give him good work," I said, and we rodo away. Tho last of the dear old place. Tho very last, except in dreams The old court-yard, and the judge, bare- , headed, beside Mrs. Bryon. Behind them tho emu, pawking and gardening about. Behind tho emu the troopers, tall, blue, and majestic, waving their hands to me ; behind them a wilderness of petunias and geraniums -beyond this, the forest. Oh, the Australian lifo ! how eau we exist in Europe after it ? * I rode back to tho Avoca very fast, but my news was before mo. George Bryon pointed it out to mo first, in a largo placard on a large tree. " ¿100 Reward. " V.R. "Whereas Colin Mackinnon and others aro now ranging tho bush in the Wimmera district ; and whereas tho said Colin Mackinon has killed no less than three policemen, and Lieutenant Moore has been wounded by him ; a reward of one hundred pounds is offered for his body alive or dead. Any trooper capturing him will bo at once promoted to sergeant. Any cadet to lieutenant." I hardly dared go home. When I got there I found only Alick, Elsie, und the children. " Whore is mother ?" I whispered to Alick. " (jone niter him.'' " Alose ?" " Ah. She said she would pub a knife in me if I came. We have taken the bottom off the hole, and it came to nearly a thousand pounds. I have got your share. We must have another partner now. Mother has gone to fetch father out of it. Will they hang him ? " j "I cant toll ; it ia a horrible business." " Can you do nothing?" ¡ " Nothing except work tho hole. Your father will bo brought to trial, and wo shall want every penny we can scrape together." George Bryon came into the concern with the great cst pleasure, and we set to work with this horrible cloud over us. It was like quarrying gold more than anything else. Wo netted an amazing sum of money : tho boy Aliek, who was allowed full shares, got ¿£2500 when we washed up. Elsie, who was our mistress now, said she would go down into the drive, and take all sho could see. We said yes, and lowered her with a knife in her hand. I can see her pretty head swinging round and round as she turned into tho darkness of the shaft. When we pulled her up again she had gold, which she sold to the bank of Sydney for ¿?50. "Wo wero tonibly prosperous. Tho lead was narrow, and by some wondrous stroke of good luck Mr. Primrose had hit ou tho lead in front of us. So he never troubled us by driving into onr ground. Meanwhile Bob Hart and I bad mado a fortuno in anothor way. Part of tho lan i close to the lead was for salo, months and months bnforo. Wo had bought it, he only buy ing 7 acres, I 610 acres. A whole township was erected on our land, and one Saturday night wo quietly served notices, through a policeman, that every storo and grog shop wns to bo removed. They paid us ¿B7O0O for leave to stay, and Mrs. Primrose said that if she hnd not been my old landlady she would have broken my head. Sho put tho baby down, aud gave Bob Hart a black eye, but she never touched mo ; and, as a fact, I sent her rnonoy back, for they wore good peoplo, say what you will. Still thero was no word whatever from tho Mackin nons. Months went on, and tho weather got wild. Tho Avoca had not run from ono wator-holo to nnothor for two yoare, nnd now it began to run, nud moro than run, to flood Tho lead was being nearly worked out, and tho cold bitter Juno of tho southern hemisphere was settling down upon UH. Wo had worked out our gold, and sold it. Wo woro rich, (and George Bryon wns blessing his stars for tho day when ho carno nwny with mo. Wo woro all round tho fire. Tho wind was whistling through tho hut overhead, nnd tho rain WIIB pouring steadily ; it was fearfully dull, nnd wo had no heart for a song, or for anything chuerfnl. Tho door was opened, and Mrs. Mackinuou slopped in, wot, drngglod, and worn, moro liko a ghost thau a human being. So changed, as I noticed in a moment. Alick and Elsie were at her feet in one instant, but sbe looked at Georgo Bryon. " Who is that young man ?" she said hoarsely. " A friend of mine, landlady," I said. " To bo trusted ?" "George! George !" I said, " you would never betray us!" " I am not a dog, Mr. Blank," said George, with a smile. "I will trust you all," said Mrs. Mackinnon. " Black death light on you if you betray mo I have promised him that I will never touch liquor again. And I have got him away from that gaug; and the Benjamin Ellan sails from Port Fairy next week, and wo could have gone right there, only tho poor old boy wanted to see his children again before he went to South America. He wanted to see Elsie, and gave her his blessing before Bhe was married. Give mo Borne bread." Elsie, shaking her bravo bosom with emotion got her some. My landlady ate it like a wolf. "Ah ! I have been a bad mother to you, girl ; but Bob Hart will be a good husband. Well, my old man wantB to eeo his children again, but there aro police here, and he did not venture across the creek until I had seen things square. So I came across tho old boy, and what you have got to do some of you. my dears, is to go out and put the police off the lay till af ter daybreak." Alic* looked ut me quietly, and left the room. What is human morality ? Why did I, a man who would rhik my life in defending a policeman, actually kiss that boy the next evening when I found that there was not a policeman to be found for the whole day within several miles of the Avoca? What masterly fiction did he invent ? One.thing is certain, however, he got rid of the police. One trooper was subsequently found a week afterwards wandering about OH the Murray at a distance of two hundred miles from his head-quarters, and had an acrimonious and personal squabble with the Bight Honorable Mr. Childers because Mr. Childers declined to giro him promotion for distinguished services. The Bight Honorable Hugh Eardley Childers could not see his way to it. But my poor landlady, she was very wet, and she saw that the Avoca was flooding. She must get to her old man in tho morning, and they would go away together. " I hare ruined him, Diok," she said to me ; " but we have made it up now. I'll bo faithful and true to him. I want to know what money we have to take for our share." ' I suppose about three thousand pounds," I Baid. " Can you give me two hundred ? " " I will net give you a farthing until you have changed your clothes," I said. " I'll do it," she said ; " the old man has money, but it is not good money- not well come by. Elsie, take me in and change my clothes. And, Dick, you must write your name on the back of every note you give me. J gave her two hundred pounds in notes with my name ou the back, and leaving her with Elsie I went to sleep. But not for long. I was used to the whispering of the summer wind in the acacias, and its pleasant passage over the grass. I was used to the strident chirp of tho cicada, and to the illimitable clanjamfray of ten opossums backed up by twenty native cats (en passant, as it has nothing whatever to do with tho matter, I may remark that you can actually get used to barrel organs by a certain mental process) I was used to every sort of bush sound, but this night I heard a new one : the death-note of my poor old landlady. A low continuous hiss, which sometimes swelled into a roar. I got out of bed and looked forth. The black follows had told me that thiB happened sometimes, but I never believed them. The gentle Avoca was in furious flood. There was a quarter of a mile of raging wate..* before me. As day dawned I saw that tho river had risen thirty feet. Hush ! lot us be Bhort over such things. It is plain to me now as the ghastly rattle of Sedan I went out and looked at the awful rolling waters. On the other side I saw a solitary horseman splashing across the meadows. I waved him back, but he took no notice and carno on. I felt a band o- my shoulder-it was that of my landlady, Mrs. Mackinnon. " It's my old man coming to meet me," Bhe said ; " better to meet like this. Come, darling, come .to me." One great log, about one hundred feet long, was still unmoved by the flood. My landlady ran out to the end of it and holdup her arms like a cross. I knew what would happen ; any bushman would know. Muckinnon rode straight on towards her, and got into the stream. In a moment the horse was off its legs, and in the terrible current was upset, carrying Mackinnon under it. I saw the four feet of tho horse in the air for a moment, and then I saw Mackinnon try ingjto swim towards his wife. Then she jumped off the log and tried to clutch him, and then they were both in one another's arms, and then two more ruined souls, loving each other almost to madness, went down the wild stream to death. Dr. Carr, the mesmeric professor, was lectur ing at Nelson (N. Z.), at the beginning of thia month. On the 28th ultimo a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, consisting of the chairman, Mr. Gr, King, Mr. J, B Watt, Mr. Watson, M.L.A., and the secretary. Mr. Ebsworth, waited upon tho Coloninl Secretary, in re ference to the San Francisco mull Bervice. The Postmaater Geueral was present at the Interview, Mr King explained that the object of tho deputation waa to urge upon the Govern ment the desirability of re opening the San FrauciBoo mail service with us little delay as possible. He pointed out the importance attanhed to tho route, und reud a paragraph taken from a 8an Francisco journal, Btu||ng that a new company called the Burnside Scott Company was being formed, nnd that they were prepared to commence the servio» immediately on the receipt ot a telegram from Sydney. Mr. Watt ami Mr. Watson nlso pointed ont the Important results that would follow tho re-opening of the service. Mr. Parkes anld that the Government had ulready tnkon notion in the matter, but they were not at liberty to make whnt they had done public Mr. Wntson naked the Colonial Secretary if h« had any ohjeotion to state whether the tenders for the service would he submitted to the fimt«e for conllrination. Mr. Parkes su'd they would. Mr. Watson asked whether any of the tenderers were prepared to commence the service imme diately. Mr, Parkes said that one «if the tenderers waa ready, but the steamers for the purpose were not sufficient for tue servio», and he thought it beat to walt for a few months rather than employ steamers that would not be satisfactory, A very important decision respecting the illegality of persons hawking for Bale vegetables, ment, game, fruit, garden or field produce, or such articles usually sold in tho markets, was delivered hy the judges sitting In banco on Saturday, lt appears that a mun named Hunt was convicted by tho Water Police Court hench ot magistrates for Bellin«; potatoes In Woolloomooloo without having paid the derk of tho markets certain hawker's fees, In accordance with tho 53rd by-law, passed under the Corporation Aot, which provides that nu person shall vend such nrticlcs, except in the markets, without, paving to tho clerk ot tho markets certain dues, under penalty of ii XS lino. It was now entended thnt the corporation hud no authority or power enabling them to paB» snob a by-law. Tho court urnntml tho prohibition with coat» 1 against tliocnrpovatiou. Their honors were of opinion that the bv'iuw enabled persons to break the law by payment of certnlnduosj therefore, lt was ultra vires Illegal, and contrary to section 2.1 ol' tin* Hurporutlon Act. By HIIB section mnrkets were to bo established tor the solo of certain articles, and any person veud'ng snell commodities anywhere elso wero Hab» i tn ti hue of IA, which lino the magli-tratPH bad no power to mitij.'iitc. Buch restriction WOB doubtlessly made law, BO ns to force thc publie to patroni»u tho tnurketa. Under these , clraunistauU's, they held that tho market by-law was clearly u vlolntloti rf the ¡.'3rd section ol' the statute, 