REVIVAL OF ROMANISM. by james anthony proude. When Mr. Fronde, tlio Historian and Essayist, was in America, tlio Proprietors of tho New York Christian Intelligencer m ado arrangements with him for tho supply of a series of papers to that journal. Tlio following is tho first that has uppoared, and w« think it will interest readers on this side of the Atluntio not loss than those on tho other. , The proverb which says that nothing is certain but tlie unforscen was never bettor verified than in the resurrection, as it were, out of 'tho grave,, during the last forty years, of the Roman Catholic religion. In my own boyhood it liung about some few ancient English families like a ghost of the past. They preserved their creed as' an heirloom which' tradition rather than conviction made sacred to them. A convert from Protestantism to Popery would have been ps great a monster as a convert to Buddhism or Odin worship. "Believe in the Pope!" said Dr.. Arnold; "I should as soon believe in Jupiter !" Tho singular change which we have witnessed, and are still witnessing, is not due to freshly-discovered evidence of the truth of what had been abandoned as superstition. The intellect which saw the falsehood of the Papal pretensions in- the sixteenth century sees it only more clearly in tho nineteenth. More than ever the assumptions of the Holy See are perceived to rest 011 error or on fraud. The doctrines of the Catholic Church have gained only added improbability from the advance of knowledge. Her history in the light of critical science appears chiefly as a tissue of legend woven by the devout imagination. Libert', spiritual and political, has thriven in spite of her most desperate opposition, till it has invaded every government in the world, and has penetrated at last even the territories of the Popes themselves. In his own dominions, at least, the Holy Father flattered himself lie could maintain an ad ministration based on Catholic principles as an example to the unbelieving world. His rule became so abhorred that it could be upheld only by the bayonets of the stranger. When the stranger withdrew, his power fell from him by its inherent worthlessness. and he has been driven by his subjects in irreverent impotence within the walls of his own Vatican. The tide of knowledge and the tide of outward events have set with equal force in the direction opposite to Romanism ; yet, in spite of .it, perhaps by means of it, as a Kite rises against the wind, the Roman Church lias once more shot up into visible and practical consequence. While see loses ground in Spain and Italy, which had been so long exclusively her own, she is gaining in the modern energetic races, whi h had been the stronghold of Protestantism. Her numbers increase, her organization gathers vigour. Her clergy are energetic, hold, and aggressive. Sees, long prostrate, are re established ; cathedrals rise, and churches, with schools and colleges and convents and mon asteries. She has taken into licr service the old enemy the press, and lias established a popular literature. Her hierarchy in England and America has already compelled the State to consult their opinion and respect their pleasure ; wliilo each step that is gained is used as a vantage-ground from which to present fresh demands. Hildebrand, in the plentitude of liis power, was not more arrogant in his claim of universal sovereignty than the proseut wearer of the. tiara. What is the meaning of so strange a pheno menon? Is the progress of which we hear so much less real than we thought? Does knowledge, grow more shallow as the surface widens on which it is spread ? Is it that science is creeping like the snake upon tho ground, eating dust and bringing forth materialism? that tho Catholic Church, in spito of her errors, keeps alive the consciousness of a spiritual being, and tlio hope and expectation of immortality ? Tlio Protestant churches are no less witnesses to the immortal nature of the soul, and tho awful future which lies before it. Why is Protestantism standing still while Rome is advancing ? Why does Rome count her converts from among the evangelicals by tens, while she loses in them, but here and there, an exceptional and unimportant unit? Many causes have united to bring about such a stato of things. Many anil even contradictory tendencies can bo seen to have combined in the result. When the Oxford theologians began, in 1832, their attempt to uuprotestantise the Church of England, they were roused to activity chiefly by the Latitudiuarianism of the then popular Whig philosophy. The Whigs believed that Catholics had changed their nature and had grown liber.il, and had insisted on emancipating them. The Traetarians looked on emancipation as the fruit of a spirit which was destroying Christianity, and would terminate at last in atheism. They imagined that, by re- asserting tho authority of tho Anglican Church, they could at once stem the encroachments of Popery and arrest the progress of infidelity. Botli Whigs and Traetarians were deceiving themselves. The Catholic Church is unchanging as the Ethiopian's skin, and remains, for good or evil, tlio same to-day as yesterday. The Traetarians' principles led the ablest of them into that very fold against which they had imagined themselves the most efficient of barriers. From tho day in which they estab lished their party in the Anglican communion, s steady stream of converts has passed through it into the Catholic ranks. While the Whigs, in carrying emancipation, gave the Catholics political power, and with power the respect and weight in the outer world, which in free coun tries always attend it. No principles could have seemed more opposite than those which, in 1832, divided the Oxford divines from the Radical philosophers. Yet they have combined in the same effect. They arc even combined in the single person of the present Prime Minister of England, who at tliis moment is forcing the great Liberal party there, the inheritors and - custodians of tlic frod traditions of the nation, to unite with him in handing over the national education of Ireland to the Catholic prelates. The phenomenon is not confined to England. A11 attempt of the same kind to get possession of tho education funds lias been made and will be repeated in New York. In America, in Holland, in Switzerland, in France, wherever there is most politcal freedom, the power of tho Catholics is increasing. Tho Protestant spirit of the sixteenth century is taking refuge with the lialf- regcneratc despotisms. Italy is flourish ing under an excommunicated sovereign, and is virtual mistress of the person of the Pope liim- self. The battle of Sadowa overthrew the Jesuits in Austria, where they had so long reigned over soul and body. In Spain, where, before the last revolution, Protestants were uot allowed so much as a burying-ground, the ecclesiastics have lost the last vestige of secular inlluenco or authority. Tlie rc- establisnment of the Gorman Empire under Protestant Prussia is virtually the crowning victory of tlic struggle which began in the Thirty Years' War. The Papal party there is, at last, finally overthrown, and when tlic Jesuits begin their old intrigues again they are made to know, by tho most abrupt and de'cisivo measures, that there is a master over them who means to be obeyed. In free countries, 011 the other hand, wliero the right of every one to liis own opinion is a cardinal proposition, where the executive authority is purposely kept weak, and parties of all kinds arc encouraged to combine to advance their , own theories, there Jesuitism finds itself at home. There, by the possession of those peculiar qualities which States consti tutionally governed are the least able to develop, it works at special advantage in a soil ready prepared for the seed. Partly from the desire of change and weariness with what is familiar that is to be seen in human nature everywhere,; partly from superiority of organi zation in countries where power is proportioned to numbers, and tho peasant of Tipperary or tho tide-waiter of New Yok has the same, value as a voter as . tho more cultivated English or American citizen; partly from intellectual causes which require more careful examination — it is a fact not to he denied that in countries where, 'at the beginning of the century, a Catholic was as rare as frost in July, and the idea of a return of Popery would have been ridiculed as madness, there, nevertheless, Popery is returning with a; rapidity and a force - so. remarkable as to challenge attention and explanation. The reaction is strongest where the movement in the opposite direction was most violent. France, the France of the Revo lution and the Goddess of Reason, the France of Science and the Academy, tlio France which,, however dark her outward fortunes, held with easy prc-eminencc the intellectual sovereignty of Europe— France has witnessed, during this last summer, her most accomplished sons- and. daughters flocking as pilgrims to the scenes of a pretended miracle ; and a woman who deserved rather a years' hard labour in a gaol is erected into a saint. . ,Pio N0110, in the midst of his calamities, declares himself infallible. Spain and " Italy answer with contempt. Germany replies with telling the bishops that: whether their masters be exempt from the failings of other mortals or not, they shall obey the law of their country. In America, and England, and France, a good many millions of pious people bend before tho decrees of the late Council as if pronounced by the Holy Spirit. As the reality of his power passes before liim, tlie Pope's pretensions shine Larger than ever. In spite of reason, in spite of history, each day he finds his dominion extend ing. Each day he has a firmer grasp upon the public press, the education, and the Government of the countries which had revolted against him. with greatest fierceness. Whither all this is tending, and what arc the causes of so unex pected a phenomenon, I propose to consider briefly in a succession of short essays. Poverty at Home. — Some parts of the country seem as barbarious in their domestic arrangements as our own vestry-ridden metro polis. The newly appointed inspector of nuisances for the rural district of Aberystwith lias, says the Cumbrian News, made two reports which reveal an almost inconceivable stato of degradation among the people. A large number of the houses are altogether unfit for habitation, and these hovels are terribly overcrowded adults of both sexes being herded promiscuously together. In one case sixteen men sleep in eivhfc beds 111 two small rooms, and in another instance four men occupy the beds during the night and four during the day — the day occupants frequently having to wait until the night men. get up. In ono place a family lives in a hut which is also used as a slaughter-house skin room, and butcher's shop, and in another a woman, her grown up daughter, a cow, a heifer, and nine fowls occupied 011c room, which has no fire place, 110 window, and 110 light or ventilation, beyond that provided by the door. It is to be regretted that models of these delightful habitations of the labouring classes cannot be. "laid 011 the table of tho House" for the inspection of members. - -Pall Mall Gazette. an Iceland judge, we are told, asked if all the jury were united. "Yes, judge/' was th©. reply, "we're all frozen togethor," 