Mu. JOHN STUART MILL ON "BEVO LUTION." (From the Daily Newes.) Mr. Mill has seldom written anything wiser or better than the letter which he addressed to the Not tingham branch of the International Working Men's Association. Nothing can be more justifiable and timely than the warmth with which he condemns the ase of such phrases as "the principles of the political and social revolution." Everybody who has paid any attention to the subject must have observed the fre quebt employment of such phrases lately in the speeches and writings of a certain class of English Democrats. In speech after speech, pamphlet after pamphlet, we find allusions to that vague and mystic divinity of the French oarier, "the revolution." We read of " friends of the revolution," "enemies of the revolution," "principles of the revolution," "pro gross of the revolution,"--s if there were some moving reality which all must recognise by that grandiloquent name. Mr. Mill justly points out that in English the word thus applied has no meaning at all. In our lan guage the revolution means some distinct, accom plished, historical event. In Freneh, or perhaps we should rather say in the jargon of a certain school of French politicians, it means a certain sort of universal upheaving of one set of principles not represented in existing Government against some other set of prin ciples which is thus represented. But this may almost be described as having no meaning at all ; unless, as Mr. Mill says, it be reduced to sompthing like sense by assuming it to mean "the political ideas of any person of Democratic opinions who happens to be using it." Now, even as a mere question of phrase. olngy, we strongly object to the introduction into English of this absurd and deceptive phrase. The Anglo-Saxon dialect has for one of its peculiarities the fact that it is singularly devoid of words which express abstractions. Even the necessary and unavoidable ollusion to abstractions in science, in philosophy, and in the common business of daily life, we have for the most part to borrow from other languages. .... The word revolution, employed as thb continental Democrats employ it, can have no meaning in the mouth of an Englishman. Perhaps he thinks he is saying something very fine. If so, he is only de ceived into making himself ridiculous. Perhaps he intends to make other people think he is saying some thing very fine. If so, he is only guilty of a poor piece of affeetation. In neither case is be doing any good for himself or for the English language. But, as Mr. Mill effectively shows, the evil of this kind of practice is not limited to the mere enfeebling of the language. It springs decidedly from "an in firmity of the French mind, which has been one main pause of the miscarriage of the French nation in its prsuit of liberty and progress, that of being led away phrases, and treating abstractions as if they were realities which have a will and exert active power." The weakness of the average Fenchtman has been at all times'to glorify abstractions through the use of fine phrases, just as the weakness of the average English man has been, perhaps, to ignore the existence of any thing but the visible and commonplace realities of his daily life. The most eloquent French writer of his time, endoed with the largest and loftiest intellect, is perfectly saturated with this superstitious reverence for the abstractions of his own conception. All through the works of Rousseau the reality is absolutely severed from the abstraction which is-supposed to be its com lete and glorious representative. Virtue seems to bae no concern whatever with the doing of a good deed, or the avoiding of a detestable baseness. Men and women are extolled and wept over as virtuous by right of their regard for some transcendental or non existent property of virtue-some " over-soul" of virtue- while all the time they are perpetrating deeds which the consent of all peoples and lan guages pronounces in actual fact to be base and despicable. This way of looking at life and at principles positively suffused the French revolution, despite all the counteracting influence of the clear, sharp, practical cynicism of .Voltaire. The reality came to be regarded as nothing-the phrase as every thing. It was a great thing to live in the First Year of Liberty, although one's old school- fellow was in prison on suspicion of having sympathies with tryanny, and one's cousin had just jolted by on a tumbrel to the guillotine, for having expressed a distrust of the reality of the revolution. This tendency had two dis tinct effects. The one is pointed out by Mr. Mill that " the only Important question, which is just and useful, is kept out of eight, and measures are judged, not by their real worth, but by the analogy they seem to bear to an irrelevant abstraction." The other ten dency is to be ruled by phrases. Government by phrases has been the common curse of France. The revolution fed itself on fine sentences. It walked com placently to its ruin comforted by eloquent sayings, as the Girondists marched proudly to execution, sing ing the hymn of the movement which consigned them to death. Count Beognot's happily- concocted phrase about "one Frenchman the more," threw a halo over the restoration. "The Empire is peace" kept the French peasant blind for years to the crime and danger of war, and to the cost of an army which made peace only one degree less shocking than war. There is no common "revolution" in which all the Democrate of the world are interested. The English working man wants a better house to live in, higher wages, and cheaper food. He does not really care one farthing about the "solidarity of nations." He does not know what are the rights of the proletaire-pro bably no one else knows any better than he. If he desires farther political changes they are practical and clearly defined, capable of explanation in half-a-dozen words, and of being argued over with direct and genuine argument for unlimited hours. He knows, at all events, whether he has what he wants or has it not. If he goes in for the revolution, he puts himself in the agreeable position of seeking for something which, supposing it to be among the things of hu manity, he never can know even when he gets near it, and'which he will find that no two of his foreign friends will describe in the same manner. It is like the system of Hegel, according to the philosopher's own satire, which only one man understood, and he did not. If English working men or others would really do anything to improve their political and social condition, it will not be by pledging themselves to the worship of the vague and formless divinity which is called on the continent the revodltion. We should be glad if reformers everywhere would proclaim la msort sans phrase to that unhappy phrase. A story comes from Athens about Greek brigand. age, very refreshing to honest people, and suggestive of the question whether women might not govern Greece better than its men. One of the curses of modern Hellas, as everybody knows, is the unextir pated guild of brigands who infest the land, defying the Government, suppressing commerce, demoralisint the peasantry, and robbing and murdering strangers or rich natives. One of those unhanged villians lately captured the youthful son of a widow woman of! property, well known uRpn the border. The usual message was sent down from the hills; the brigand chief must have one thousand drachmas by a certain day, or the life of the boy-he was only twelve yearm old-would pay the forfeit. As usual, too, the last hope which a mother could oherishin snoh a frightful position, was the chance of Government help. ThD wretchedly weak Administrations which play at " in and out" in Athens, still allow these scoundrels to hold the roads and passes ofthe country, and this poor woman had to trust to her own courage and wits. Neitlsr were wanting ; there was some true old Odfssean blood in her, and she hit upon a ph'n for saving both her child and her drach mas. She had a brother, a young fellow of per feet pluck, though his cheeks were as smooth as the Delian Apollo's, and him she dressed nup carefully as a Greek girl. Having appointed to meet the robber chief in a certain spot, she took up two hundred drachmae and a present of cakes and fruit, the " Greek girl" going with her as a " guide." On reaching the place they found the scoundrel wait ing, with the captive bound hand and foot beside him. The woman first ascertained by cunning questions that the man was really alone, and then offered with many supplications her money and the present of cakes and fruit. The villain took the latter and munched while he counted out the drachmas; then, with a fierce oath, he said it was far too little-that she must go back and send enough to make up a thousand, or th head of the lad would be sent down to her without delay. While the woman clung supplicating to his knees, the " Greek girl" suddenly flung a grip of iron round the robber's armis, and, as the fellow was thus pinioned, the outraged mother drew a loaded pistol and shot him dead. The pair lost no time in liberat ing the lad, nor did they forget to cut off and wrap in a cloth the head of the "chief ;" and, as a reward ofu three thousand drachmes had been set upon this pre cious article, they made quite an excellent day's busi ness of it, on arriving esafe and sound at their own village. In the last number of the China Overland Moail we find the following:-A curious story is in circula tion amongst the Chinese-curious as it relates to the alleged appearance of the murdered man's spirit ask ing for redress. Some time ago a junk sailed from Hoifoong, containing a number of coolies for the bar racoons of Macao. Having arrived there, the live cargo was quickly disposed of, and the captain re ceived as freight something over 1000 dollars. This incited the helmsman and some of the crew to league themselves with two piratical junks to attack the boat and to rob the captain of the money. Two or three days since, the junk left Macao, going back to Hoifoong. lOn the way, near Chang Chow, the two pirates hborve in sight, and the helmsman steered close up to them, when the pirates boarded the junk, killed the captain, and threw him overboard. Here comes the mysterious part of the story. The master of the Luk Kee barraecoon one night dreamed a dream, in which lie saw the ghost of the murdered man before him, saying'he had been murdered, that he was robbed of his money, and that he wished the barracoon master to complain and try to obtain redress for him, which he thought would not be difficult, as the pirates were sailing off Chang Chow. On the strength of this dream, the barracoon master complained to the Portu guese authorities, who sent out a gunboat, and the pirates were found at the spot indicated by the ghost. It is said that the crew of the attacked junk (who had come to Hongkong since the robbery) had gone over to Macao ; one of them was the brother of the de ceased, and had been cut in several places. Whether there is any truth in the statement of the appearance of the ghost or not, the facts of the robbery and capture are correct. iA vry singular fact is narrated by the Agricultural Gazette of India, viz., that love of opium is not con fined to men and women, but that the lower animals who have once tasted it are as much captivated by it as a Chinaman. The poppy-fields in China are care. fully fenced to prevent the intrusion of cattle and horses; and oxen which have been fed on the plant pine and die when deprived of it. Pigs fed on poppy ieads fatten rapidly, but must oon be slaughtered. It is said concerning the bees, formerly so numerous in Yunan, that they betook themselves exclusively to the poppy-flower, and afterwards could not regain their tastes for any other floral food. It is further related that in an opium manufactory at Yunan it was found that the rats would come at nightfall to inhale the fumes which escaped from the coppers, uponabasket work forming a platform beneath the furnaces. At the time of the capture of the town by the rebels, the factory was given up and the premises remained de serted for a time. A new proprietor soon after came to take up his abode in them, when he found upon the wicker-work a number of rats which had come to die at the place whore they had been accustomed to inhale the fumes. 