TEACHERS IN ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. TO TnB EDITOR OF the AGE. Sir,— I cravo a small spaco to reply to " Roman Catholic," promising it shall bo my last, for I only write now in caso ho shonld bo silly onough to presumo that I think myself conquered, whereas, as I ptirposo to show, ho has not oven touched my argument. Ho says I attempted to " imposo on tho credu lity of your readers" when I said alterations un favorable to tho Catholics wore mado by tho Com missioners of Education in Ireland, and yet ho admits it as a fact. Again lie says I bring m tho Divorce Acts, which aro irrelevant to tho sub ject. What I stated was, that to teach read ing it was necessary to nso tales or stories ; that in a Stato school such stories must inculcate tlio morals of the Stato ; that by tho Divorco Act tho morals of tho State had ceased to ho tho samo as thoso of tho Scrip ture and tho church, in a point which it was hardly possible in any talo not to bring in, and "wo require better security than Bardolph's," or Stephen s either, thnt it will not bo introduced, and tho woman who is afflicted with a husband faithless and cruel be applauded for availing her self of tho relief afforded by a liberal law to freo herself and becomo an adultross by marrying another. " Roman Catholic " asks where I find baptism delegated ? In tho first instance I10, not myself, puts in tho word to justify his conclusion that tho teaching mentioned was only religious. When our Lord consecrated water for tho mystical purpose of regeneration by immersing his sinless and miraculously generated body in it, there was no church, therefore no minister appointed to administer tho sacrament, which was common to all, as lie may sco by his prayer book. The faculty to teach was acquired from the Holy Ghost on tho day of Pentecost. Now, Sir, with regard to tho word teach, tho system proposed by the Stato is elementary, and to that alono I con fine myself. I say it most distinctly belongs to tlio church to seo that tho morals and religious sentiments contained in tho courso of instruction are correct. It is senseless to suppose that tlio apostlos would havo admitted to catechism tho pupils of tho Epicurean philosopher, and tho very dedication of tho infant at tho font ac knowledges tho right of tho church to teach aud prepare for tho examination for confirmation. Tho great St. Bernard says that from tho cmdlo to the grave man is followed by three phantoms, viz., What am I? whore did I como from? wlioro am I going to ? Theso must beauswered, and tbo church is tbo only proper person so to answer, AVI; ;lt would bo tlio answer to thoso if put by a child to an infidel State teacher I fear to think. No, tho clergyman neglects his duty who aban dons to cbaneo any child from its baptism to its confirmation. ' With regard to the sneering remarks of " Roman Catholic " with respect to tho sufferings of tho teachers under tho now system, I reply, as I said before, my belief is that thoy will not suffer so much as they oxpcct. Tho bishop is now doing his host that they should not. But what suffering is equal to tlio remorse of apostasy? Tho. ancestors of our teachers stood firm to their faith through threo hundred years of the cruellest persecution. Tlicy mot tho bowel-ripping process of Queen Elizabeth, tho sworil of Cromwell and William tho Third, tho poverty, famine, and poverty and famine crcatcd-pcsti- lenco of every succeeding English Government, and from a brighter world they now look down on thoir children in Victoria. Do I hcliovo tho teachers of this day will disgraco their fore fathers? I cannot bolicve it. Death is better than dishonor. Surely poverty is to bo preferred to tho greatest of all dishonors, apostasy from God. Every Roman Catholic, as often as I10 partakes of any of tho sacraments, acknowledges tho fol lowing creed : — " I acknowledge tho Holy Catholic Apostolic Roman Church as tho mother and mistress of all churches, and I promise true obcdicnco to tho Bishop of Rome, successor of St. Peter, Prince of the Apostles, and Vicar of Jesus Christ. . . I promise to retain and confess tho samo inviolate to tho end of my lifo." In Italy, in Germany, in Ireland, and hero, tho present Pope has denounced secular education, and as Catholics wo are bound to resist tho pre sent act all in our power, and please God wo will. For Catholics of tlio school of Noah Claypolo, " to eat all tho vittles whon everything 's right, and cut away when anything's wrong, a school to which I fear " Roman Catholic" belongs, f can only say, be honest enough not to sail under falso colors ; leave tho church at onco, with tho Commissioner of Crown Lands nt your head, and spare tho master ef the feast tho trouble of turn ing you out for want of tho wedding garment. — auuil) luuly. 23rd June. VERDS CATHOLICUS. 