yass wesleyan nn rrpnrr Tea and Punuc Mep.ting. As briefly noticed in our last issuo a toa and public mooting in connoction with tho Wosloyan Church was hold at tho Mechanics' Instituto on last Monday evening, Tho attondanco was larco. und tho proceedings pnssed of most successfully. On tho tublos being removed after too, Mr. R. C. Mackintosh wus callod to tho chair, nnd aftor singing and prayor (tho latter by tho Rov. Mr. Kolynuck), tho Chairman oxplninod tho objoets of tho mooting, which wero, first, to com- momorato tho opening of tho chnpol, and socond, to raiso funds to liquiduto tho debt remaining on tho building. Tho Rov. Mr. Phillips nnd tho Rov. Mr. Clifton having oach delivored short and interesting addresses, Tho Rov. Mr. Kolynack (who wns receivod with groat npplnuso) said— It wns ploasant to havo irionds, though they may not act a very friendly part, and tho romarks of tho preceding speakers reminded him of nn incident thut occurred at a meeting that took placo utWosloy Valo, in tho Gunning circuit, sovoral yoars ago. Tho chair man of tliat mooting said that it was not nocossnry for him to mnko a spooch, his duty boing simply to call upon tho speakers, and us several gontlo- mon woro appointed to tuko part in tho procood- ings of thnt ovoning, ho would not detain tho undionco with any romarks of his. Ono of tho speakers, who was well known to many who woro prosont to-night, wbon culled upon, cornmoncod his spooch by saying that tho chairman romindod him of tho sect of tho Scribes and Pharisoes " who ludoned mon with burdons, griovous to bo borno, but themselves would not touch tbom with ono of thoir fingors." Ho did not say that oithor Mr. Clifton or Mr. Phillips bolongod to this soct, nor did ho wish his audience to sny so. At meetings of this kind thero woro nbundunt thomos for remark. Thoro woro tho ndvantagos to bo derived from tho rogtilur ministration of God's word, advantages which infiuoncod mon socially, in thoir domosLic rolations and as mombors of tho groat commonwealth. Thoro woro bonolits dorived in tho olovntion of public sontimont, and in tho consolation afforded in privuto lifo— all of which wero bused on views orownod and hallowod by tli o influoncos of roligion. Thoy cannot wondor at tho abominations of pagan countries wbon thoy romomberod that thoy soourod tho sanotionof thoirdoitios ; but wlion thoy took a con gregation whoro tho public ministrations woro regularly administorod, thoy found moral sonti- ment improved in proportion. Thoy might ask wlmt wus the causoof England's greatness ? It wus not tbo greatness of her commerce, though it oncirclos tho oarth nnd hor sails whitened tho sons. It wus not tho groatnoss of hor horoos, who had mndo hor flag torrilic burn but it wns tho influonco of Christian truth which bad mado hor from poasant lo priost exhibit the power of roligion. Our Queen ox plninod it most forcibly wbon sho said iu reply to an Indian chiof, who mado tbo inquiry " The Biblo is tho cuuso of England's grontnoss." It was tho Biblo that had mado England " tho first flowor of the earth and first gem of tho sou." Tho rov. 'gontloman horo gavo an illustration which had como under his notice, while travelling in tho Southern district, of a vnlloy which wns surrounded by Nature's most sublimo dovolop- rnouts, but its inhabitants, through tbo absonco of public ministrations, exhibited tho groatost moral woakuoss. Ho thonroferrod toa minister's qualifications for his Rucred ofiico. No subject at tho prosont timo occupied moro thought uinong ministers of tho Church than this. What woro tho most compact and most offoctivo olomonts of fitnoss for tbo dischurgo of thoso duties ? No apology could bo offered for duluoas iu tho pulpit; it should stand abreast of tbo times. Tho gold, tbo fraukinsonco, and tbo myrrh of rami's minds should be devoted to it, and tbo i minister who doos not this has mistaken his i calling. Tho wisdom of tho logician could not i regenerate men's courts. The orator may dazzle, i bub if thoro is liot a powor underlying bis oratory, ho shall lenvo them dond as over. Thoy must havo iiitolloctnal gifts in proachors, fillod with tho powor of Cod and of tho Holy Ghost. A Froncli King said of two court proachors that ono iillod liiin with admiration of tho orator, tho othor with disgust of himsolf. The lottor had succocdcd in carrying out the design of preach ing. Ho tlion spoko upon tho duty of hoarors. Soitio liked logic; simo a gloomy imagination; somo a good knock-down blow. All this was right, but pooplo woro apt to givo an unduo lioonso to their tastes, for though tho fonst is always spread, thoir fastidiousness prevented thom from always partaking. Tho rov. gontlo- mnn closed un ell'cetivo and lengthy spooch by appealing to tho audience to give with cheerful ness, as God had blessed thom, tmd with right motives. A collection was then mado, after which votos of thanks woro pnssod to tho lidios who had assisted at tho toa mooting, mid to tho Chairman. Tho mooting closed by singing tbo Doxology. 