A RUSSIAN GHOST 6TO11V. In a ccrt»i'3 vfllnpre— (liCBlory rune— there was a girl who hoted work but loved gossip ; bo ehe never spun herself, but used to fnvttc the other girls to her lmuec. where she fcoitei] them and they spun for her. During ooo of these spinning f easts a dtiputc arose as to » Well of the party wus the Inldctt. 4*Vai not oiraiA of anything,'' said the lazy bones. ' Well, then,' said tltc spuincra, 'it you. '« not elroid, go through the graveyard into the charcli, take down (lie Iioly picture from ttic door, rind bring it here.' ' Very good,' said slie,' I'll liring it, only cadi of you must spin me a distaff- full.' Well she went to tlie church, took down me jjiuuiiv. miu uiTjugm iv nonic wim tier ; bat then the picture had to be taken luck asain, and (he midnight hour bad arrived. Who was to take It ? ' Go on spinning, you girls,' said lazy lioncs ; ' I'll lake it buck roysvlf. I'ui not a/raid of uny tiling !' Bo die wcnl luck In the church nnd re placed (lie picture. As slic passed Ihrougli (lie graveyard, on her return, slu saw a corpse In a white shroud, sttttntr oil a tomb. It was a moonlight nlgbt, and everything k-BS visible. Bue went iqi to the corpse and pulled its shroud off (lt- lionr for stirring tifcdn't nrrived, perhaps). Then she went borne, carrying the shroud with her. After svunflr. when everybody had gone to bes, all of a Hidden the corpse lipped at Uw window, saying, '' Give me my shroud ! Give roe my ehroud!' Tlio other gills were f tightened out of their wlu. But the laiy IXKin took (he shroud, opened the window and«id:_ 'There, take HI' ' No,' replied tho corpse ; ' take It to Hie plaee you took it from.' Just (ben a cock crowed, and the corpse vanished. !?eili»-l-!.*iili8 saaw IxHir, utter all (he spinners bad gone to their own homes, (he corpse canic again, taptiod flt the window, and cried : — 'Give me my shroud !' Well, the girl's father and mother opened 1ft* window, and offered the corpse its sliroud, but it cried:— ,' No I let her carry ft btck to the place alia -took it from.' Just tiien the cocks begun to crow—the cprpte. disapjieari-a*. Well, next day they sent for tlicprlcM. and told him (he whole ?lory, and Implored liiiu to help Uicru. Tlie priest re6ecled nwliilc, (lieu told the girl to ?SUM to huh nest day. The service began. JJumUors of people went to see it. ButJuBt a&ihcy; were foSng to sfng the 'Cherubim 6oDe'A(crriWc »U1rl«1nd arose, and it caught lip that girl in the air, aud (ben flang luir down Oh tJie ground, wlicu stnlgtitway the eu:l disaiHuarcd from sigbt ; nothing was cvcr.fountl ot bcr except her back hair An Iru* taper says that trying to get up business oituuut. gulvertieing is like wiukiug at u pretty girl Uiiough a pair ot groen goj^lcs — you may knoiv what you arc doing, but aobody else does. H«ra*Ula Cocoa.— -Jpiuions of the pnw— ' Tuose who lutvc no! yet tried Mnra- Tiluiwill do «v*II to doso.'— Morning /'«(. '11 n»y jostb' he oailcd the perfection of prc narod Cocoa.' — Dritinh Medical Journal MaravlUa Cocoa — The Globe says, 'Taylor Brothers' Maravllln. Couoa has achieved B thorough success, and supersedes cver-' other Cocoa in the market. Kntlrc polubilitv, n delicate onJiun, jijjiI o nire con caiKration of the pureBt ulcmeutG of nutril ion , liistinguUti tiia il.inu-i]l;i Cocoa allow nil .lUien. l'or JnvalidK and Dyspcptto, we could iiol rucoimneiui a wore uarix'alric tit valuable bevcragu.' Homceomithin Coooa — Tliis origi ns* Iirejianaion, whidihax &lU;\luod surli a svorld'VYide rcpuuiLion, ie uuinufActunid by 7'AYLOC ]-JiOT!n;)iS, under IIil- oMcsl boniwopotliu: mlvicc aiued by tbc skill and cxncrieaee of l!ic itivcntnrs.and nil! be found (o combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine fironia.nnd nutritious property of the frerti not. Soluble Cbrjcolfttc — ourfp tn one nrinolcwilhoulluilfu?. The above ru-ifcluB ate prci«u«l uiclusivcty by laylnr Uro d«er», the Urgosl inanufaclurers in Koto]*, ana toM iu tin-lined pv^kcu only, by etordu.-M.fr- and otbnn all over the world. Kteaw Mill£, Jiriek Iam. I^udou. Expors Clilcor^ Ml)b, Jlrutw, Kulglum. 