NEWS AND NOTES. Our telegraphic columns announce the dismissal, of the jumpers elaborate summonses. It will be seen that several J’s.P. were on the bench with Mr. Panton, the P.M., so that the subjoined extfracts from the Stawell. papers: are a little puzzling. The Chronicle eaysi—“ Sixty-four subpcenaes' have been served in connection with the'eases, among which' are included allthe local J’s.?.’* Th a is indig nant, and has, 1 a: leading article on the matter, “ It seems (says the News) that ; every territorial' magis trate in the district Has been'subpoenaed as a witness, and,.it ; is a;Well-kn6wn fact that Very few of these gentlemen were at or near the scene of the alleged' disturbances. This proceeding ; gives color to , the suspicion; that' they-have-simply been summoned in this capacity, to prevent them' from taking their seats on the bench; and if this be correct, the pro,, seoutors have laid themselves open to the gravest sus picions. It is unprecedented, unjust, and dangerous, and;we can only, express the hope that the'matter will receive the attention of the Attorney-General, and be so . dealt with by him that a repetition of such ah outrage on decency, will be'irnpossible.’’ -C'- The meeting of the Town Council, to haVe/been held :on Friday, night/lapsed for want of a.'quorUm, the'only members in'‘their seats' being Councillors Fussell, Eastwood,' and Dodds. Councillor Fiissell, who.at the last meeting was appointed mayorpro tern, stated that the proper hour of meeting was seven o'clock, and that the act pro vided that, should there not be a quorum of members present half an hour after this time, the meeting should be adjourned to a definite time; There were some important questions to:be dealt with that night had the.membersattended, but. even if there had been a quorum, and . those in attendance had .objected to the important items of business bn’the notice-paper being proceeded with at so. small a meeting, he ' was sure the council would have consented to postpone these matters. Councillor Ivey was away on leave of absence, Councillor : Scott was known to be dangerously ill, and he had n letter ’ of-apology'from Councillor Long, whose business’had taken Mm to. Geelong. Councillor, Dodds endorsed what the' chairman had stated, and said that those councillors who' had stopped away to pre vent a meet ing "had-shown the white feather. If they had at tended, and the votes on the election of mayor had been equal, he would have been willing to submit the choice to the ratepayers before the customary shake in the hat was taken.' He would move' the adjourn ment of the, meeting; until next Monday evening. Councillor'Eastwood: seconded the: motion. He Vvaa sorry, that.it possible for'.one. member, to pull the strings '. so . as to. thwart their exertions to . do. the work of the ratepayers.: There was one.councillor at'that moment on the’steps outside who had stated' that there would be no quorum. If those counbillors' who had purposely stayed away had wished to post’ pone any of?tfie importahtjjusiness until there was a r4ullSr meetihg-tff tke council, he was sure no.Joqe k would havO:Ob]ectea. ; 'r;This ‘being the case/'it 1 wa%. ,wrong thal jthe.work.'should be kept back. Thenpj were;a n unifier of- men who were waiting to get their;: money from jjthe some of these men had| dCno-their iTOrkahdha'dbeed discharged. Councillor' Josephs was outside the-Town-ball, and Councillor Costin, who had promised,so.much a short time ago, .were-not. present. - They.did notknowwhat kept Councillor. Russell away. The chairman said there . w4s one matter of great importance that should hare _been attended,.toJ,hat.night rr the_.apppintmeqt. of a, . valuator. The lapaeof the, meeting would.cause a; serious.dalay in this matter.^' Councillor Eastwood| said that, the . tenders,for quarrying,.- carting, -and; • breaking. 5000 ;;cabio;;yarda .of bluestone- metal had! 'been sent in, and :i should -have' beeh : accepted that, night. This'could.not now be; done, and each of the; contractors, of .whom.there were six, had his deposit of £75. lying .idle .in . the: council’s hands.-‘ The menj ■could not touch this money; unlesathey withdrew-their; The motion .for, the "adjo.ufnment of the! /council was then putand carried. An amusing scene occurred at‘ the City Police-couft, on Friday, when ah affiliation' CMe was,heajd.| ! As in; the majority of these suits, the case- was dismissed fori want of-corroborative evidence. The complainant ini .the case,‘a tall girl; did notoee the fbreeof fhefegal; objection,'.and'lmd'her- child, in the witness-box,’ a tat-, ing that-the father.could take..ft away with him, as! she “ wasn’t to.feed his brat,” la fact, thecon-l duct of the girl ‘in' 1 Vh'e withess-bbs" was rather novel,’ and created much laughter 1 amongst the spectators,; and she was nearly' being.' sent to gaol for contempt "of' court,'as.she jiad a mind, to .dispute the decision, of 1 the bench. - r - • , -.- , ' . , ■ j Two persons were fined at .the City’Eolice.-court on: Friday for selling cattlein an' unlicensed -place.; - The .summonses were.taken, out, .by. the-, market'irispeotoi,- who coniplaiis that many persons endeavor -to evade. payment.of the market fee. r.r, i-v- ;-.-’v'i- : : The fourth annual meeting of the Ballarat Alliance PermanehtßuildingdndlnvestmentSoclety was held at. the Chamber of Commerce on Thursday evening, 28th August. The report of the committee stated that the business of the'past year .'had been, impeded by the continued. uncertainty in ■ the value, of, real- property, but that all securities held for advances gave "ample assurance of value- for the balances'due on 'them. The president, on moving the'adoptiou of the-report, congratulated, the members on the success that had attended their operations and • the ■ thoroughly sound position attained by the society after having passed the, ordeal of a most critical period. The. policy of the committee had. always been to dp a safe business and limit their investments to the very best secdrity. Owing to the care thus exercised, no losses had beeu incurred, and they were ready to extend the busi ness whenever-a revival of commercial activity gave a more assured value to property. The auditors re ported the accounts to be correct- and..the securities in order and safe keeping. - The reports and financial statement were adopted, and the retiring members: of committee, were, reelected. The president announced that the dividend'on capital shares would be payable at the office of tbesociety'on and after Saturday, 30th instant. 'A vote of thanks to the committee and , secretary, closed .the meeting. ' ; A fourth engine has been completed by the Phoenix Foundry Company, and was to be .- delivered at the \- Western terminus at an early hour this morning.: While crossing the water-table into-Stiirt street ' last night, a, breakage-of the driving-wheel took' place, which caused a considerable stoppage in the journey while anew one was fitted. The .following is from Friday’s Argus:—“ Major Smith scored a point against Mr Vale whilst: address ing the Legislative Assembly las night. ' Major Smith was Alluding to the motives which might have actuated the Legislative; Council in laying aside the Electoral 'Bill, when Mr Vale interrupted—‘They-don’t like cheap gas there;’ to- which Major Smith immediately retorted, ‘ Then it will never do for the bon.. member to go J there.’The "reply was received with great laughter.’.’. .. . ' . ' ’ This' from the Economist is not very bad:—“ Is it not'the fact that the power and prestige of the Legislative Council were -never so great as-at this moment? ' Do we not know that the. country is dis satisfied with the existing, land policy, and- that not withstanding the boasts of the pauderers, they are afraid .’to- iqtroduce.their extremely liberal Amending Bill ? , Above all,: is not the. feeling, of thankfulness nearly universal) that the Upper House has bad the courage to throw out'the Bill for Avienditiy the Com stitution.”.' We'.may. inform• our readers: that; the Economist is’aseriousTaper. .A'.- ' : - ; , A man named James Murray was burned in a board-, ing-house in Melbourne on Thursday,- and died a' few minutes after reaching the hospital; ' It is supposed' he was smoking and fell in a fit, his pipe setting him and the sofa on fire.. . ' . - , , Angels and ministers of grace defend-us 1 The Gee long Advertiser says that at Freshwater Creek the Education Department has taken for a Bchuola-.de-, serted paling structure,; where :a man named Passall hanged himself about year ago, and which has'since: earned the reputation of being haunted byhia per*, turbed spirit. Since the matter has got wind among the school children -they talk of nothing but goblins and ghosts. It is said, that if the Board, of Advice had' control-in the ihatter of erecting school buildings, all the trouble that has occurred would have been obviated. We are about to have (says the Advertiser J a paddle steamer on the Barwon River, which, though hot equal in'size to : the Great Britain, is expected to be a very comfortable little boat. ,Mr Hobday, jun., is how busily engaged in; fitting up Mr Sicilian's flat bot- : turned boat with a -horse power- horizontal -engine,, and expects to have the vessel ready for launching in a-weekor two. : '"-■■■■' ..■■■; y; The name of Mr William - Cron ■ was erroneously printed'Croyy in the paragraph' 'relative:’.to the fever, epideniic'in' Friday’s Star, At the Town Police-court on Friday, "ohe drunkard was’dealt with'in the ordinary manner. Mr East wood, J.P., atteuded at the court-house. - . , 1 James-Downey, a miner working at the Don Com-. panyA claim, was admitted to the ; Hospital on Fri day; witli.ai scalp,wound receivedVtfirouglra bucket falling-down the shaft. - The man had a most fortu nate escape-from: death: ■ The: accident happened" at' about half-past 12 o’clock on Friday morning. ■ The committee of the Mechanics’ Institute has ar ranged with Mens. Rayroux to take,charge of a class for the study'of the French' language. An advertise: meut in another column requests intending pupils to hand in their names to'the secretary of the Institute. ; The adjourned meeting of the Town Council will be held on Monday ■ night; when appointment of a mayor and'valuator, 1 and -other-important 'business, will bs. brought forward. , - . , . ; The museum of anatomy,'next the Earl of Zetland hotel, in Bridge street,' 1 is" still open,, and during the last day or twqhas been .visited .-'by a'large number of persons. Some of the objects exhibited are very interesting, and the museum is well worth a visit. We (Creswick Advertiser regret, to have to record the death of another child belonging, to Mr Quinlan, named Ellen, aged four years, who expired at the hos pital on Sunday, from diphtheria, this making the sixth in that unfortunate family within a week or two. Only three now remain out of a family, of nine; all healthy a few weeks ago. The members pf . the Ballarat Cricket Club are re minded that the annual meeting of the club will’be; held tins evening, at the Buck’s Head hotel, ’at; eight ' o’clock, for the’ election of officers and a committee of | management. At the close: of the annual meeting a I special meeting will-be held to revise the rules, &c.;,' in 1 accordance with notices of motion tabled at the last meeting. Every member is requested to attend; ; We have received the prospectus of the Victorian Ladies’ Sericicultural Company (Limited), the nominal capital of which is £5OOO, in 1250 shares of £4 each. The-first issue of 150 shares has already been taken up, ~ and a second issue of the 'same' number is now offered to the. public. The. immediate objects of the company are stated to be “the production-of grain (silkworm eggs) and; couoons, or the reeling of raw silt, the carding'of pierced, cocoons, and the enoou . ragement of..silk farming throughout the whole of-the colonies." The earlier operations of the company will be directed to the establishment and working of a silk farm; obtaining Monsieur Roland’s .and Mr Brady’s grain, at regular intervals, to be diatributed for educa tion and graining; receiving the grain and cocoons, and transmitting them after a proper preparation to . the European market.” On Sunday .the consecration of the ■ monumental altar erected in St. Patrick’s Church, Kilmore, to the memory of deceased priests, Fathers O'Rourke and. Brahigan, will Jbe performed (says the Free Press), by the Right Rev.'Dr Qoold, and the ceremony will be one of .the - grandest with which Kilmore has -been favored. , The altar was built and carved at home by Messrs Farmer 1 and Brindley of Westminster, and its • 'total cost; in London was £550. To this; must be added the cost of carriage'and erection. The erection : of the altar, the cost of which is something like £BOO, was the spontaneous action of the parishioners. Last night’s Serald has the following telegram:- “ Sydney, Friday, 11.20 p.m.—There’was very little work done this morning of any consequence. .The best gallops of the Derby division were" done by Bon-, volio and Fitz- Yattendon. The former finished a fast half-mile, while Fitz did faction. . The. Sterling party still .keep things un settled about their horse. . There -will probably bo-ten \- starters, and the prices of 3 to 1 against the Qoyer moFs colt, and'4 to 1 against Mr Ryan’s) are a good .criterion of which is best to;back. ', ;,The Sylvia colt is ‘nominally 5 to I,‘ hut’there is plenty {if money against him, and I do not fancy him at all., Qf the -Metrop., lotllhie AoS each went- once rmmd.ii>' style, nofother doing anything worth notio&f; Tlioiigh Horatio is being rather rushed in the my opinion is; tiiat'- the cause may be laid to betting purposes, and I;. don’t Jike bis condition. Javelin is riot likely to recoyeti Trom the lameness which showed wHen ha, pulled yapyeaterday. Ace and Hamlet are ’expected to ■'meet on Saturday _ m the Spring'Stakes. Betting is fearfully dull.” Tips for -to-day ’s events will—bo -found -ill- our -telegraphic column. The result of the enquiry into the of -Mounted-oonstable-Bayleyj-reoently stationed at-Leigh road, in placing a marked r crown piece on a counter with the object of seeing if a man-whom he was \- watching would take it, has been ■ (says the Geelong Times) that he has : been discharged'-from the force.- Referring' to- recent ' swindles accomplished or attempted lately at Sandhurst; the' Advertiser says:—' , “It is about time that-men'of honesty and integrity should firmly- and-; earnestly set themselves' to ;th'e | : task of placingthe heel on-the'serperit’s head, j-Com panies must get rid ; of ■ the swindlers-and :jeremy diddlers, who are too often entrusted with the manage-, ment of their affairs.” I ITbe'Perth Ingairer.'advocates for West Australia, —a-central agricultural societyunder the auspices of; the Government.” o I :-C i 2 r i H. F. B. Fenner, legsd;trianagero£.the London^- and , Company, Sandhurst, has been committed fontrial for: embezzling £3O of the company’s moneys. Decidedly one‘for <( '^gles r ”nob, this from’ tilt Pertii Inquirer;— ■ bf .the peripatetic ptaff of the Melbourne Argus, wrote:—* What will be the fate of the Hon. Mr Barlee when he reaches King George’s-Sound I -Will that ; extraordinary official; who wouldn’t permit the landing of the Lascar seaman from ’the'infected Baroda’ ' consentto. ’ the landing from her‘of -a leading member'pf the Western; Aus tralian Government ? Will he”act up. to his’ principles, and bumpel' his political auperioc to proceed to Grille ? He will probably find -sufficient;difference in- the respective circumstances of the case to be conceding for once.’' ~ Having learnt that Mr Barlee was detained iri.; quarantine fort seven days on the inhospitable shores of Rabbit Island, much leas enjoyed a trip to. Grille, '.lEgles ' wiU probably give "Dr 'Rogers • the credit of being equal to' his work, whichever way the wind blows." ;; . ~ .;. A lecture on “Oliver Cromwell, his Life.and Times," was delivered 1 on Friday evening by the Rev.' J./F. Horsley, in aid of-' the' funds .of the.Lydiard street Wesleyan Sabbath-school.', The lecture'was delivered in the school-room, Dana street, and nearly 200 per sona were; present. Mr Wm.’ Proctor occupied the chair. The lecture was attentively, listened to, and the rev. lecturer was repeatedly applauded. , At the termination of the lecture a vote of thanks was passed to the rev. gentleman arid to the chairman. . They cultivate the lotus in West Australia. The Perth lnquirer, at the end of a mining feport/;has the following;-—“ This report was forwarded to us about a month since, but its; publication has .been unavoidably held over.—Ed" Wb may add that, the' report was on fead. -.- Our advertising columns announce the withdrawal of the unsold-Hew Zealand Government Debentures on.the Ith.September. ■ '.v Tenders for the right to hold a booth at the forth coming Bungafee, and Dean ploughing match are in vited in our. advertising : ; Religious services will be holdori to-morrow, as.fol low:—Archdeacon Crawford, "of Castlemaine, will preach in Christ Church at both morning and evening service.—The, Rev.;’-rr-Poynder, d£ Dunolly, 'atiSt. John’s Church, Soldiers’ Hill,' morning and evening.— The Rev. J. Walker at the Dawson street-Corigrega-. tibnal Church., , “ 'V.’. '.L';:;;;’', - , A concert (in aid of the All Saints ! Sunday-school prize fund will be given on Monday.' 1 - ;' ; - ; ; “ Missionary Adventures in Fiji” will be lectured on at the Neil street Church on Monday by the Rev. J.-Waterhouse, A football match will be'played-this afternoon,in Wynne’s paddock between the’Phoenix Football Club and a team from - the BallaratFootbaldClub. The game will commence iat half-past two sharp. The ■players from the Ballarat Foothill Club are particu larly requested to, be punctual,. ~ Ballarat Football Club team;—Lorigderi, C. D. Figgis, Lynn, Green, Kirby, Cooper, Croker, Norman; Hynes,' M'Kenzie, Henderson, Bradbury, Cohen, Moss) Seijeant, Holt, P. Carroll, Innes, Lester, Rail, Bowden. • 