The Storyteller. DISOBEDIENCE. CHAPTER XIX. By the Author of " Lady Hutton's Ward," &c.; THERE was confusion and dismay in the stately home of the Earles. One sultry morn-<*> ing in August Lord Earle went out into the garden, paying no heed to the excessive heat. Aa he did not return to lunch, the butler went < in. search of him, and found bis master lying \ as one dead on the ground. He was carried to Jus own room, doctors were summoned in hot haste from far and near; everything that science or love, skill, or wisdom, oould suggest , was done for him, but all in vain. The hour | had come when he must leave home, rank, wealth, position, all and everything he valued Boat—when he must stand before the Great | lodge, to answer for his life and what he had done with it,—when he must account for wealth, talent, for the son given to him,—when human j likings, human passions, would seem so infi nitely little. But while Lord Earle lay upon the bed pale •ad unconscious, Lady Earle, who knelt by him, j and never left him, felt sure that his mind and j heart were both at work. He could not speak; | be did not seem to understand. Who knows j what parses in those dread moments of silence, j when the light of eternity shows so dearly all j that we have done in the put! It may be that while he lay there, hovering as it were between two worlds, the remembrance of his son struck him like a two-edged sword,—his son, his only child, given him to train, not only for oarth but for heaven,—the boy he had loved and idolised, then oast off, and allowed to become a wanderer on the face of the earth. It may be that his stem, sullen pride, his imperious self wul, his resolute trampling upon the voices of Nature and duty, confronted him in the new light shining upon him. Perhaps his own words returned to him, that until he laj dead Bonald should never see Earleicoort again, for suddenly the voice they thought hushed for ever sounded strangely in the silenoe of that death ohamber. "My son!" cried the dying man, clasping his hands, "my son!" They who^saw it never forgot the blank awful terror that came upon the dying face as he attend his last words. They bora his weeping wife from the room. Lady Earle, strong and resolute though she was, conld not drive thst scene from her mind. She/was ill for many days, and so it happened that the lord [of Earlescourt was laid in the family vault long erejthe family at " The Elms " knew of the change awaiting them. Bonald was summoned home in all haste, but ■onths passed.ere.letters reached him, and many more before he returned to England. Lord Sarle's will was brief; there was no mention of his son's name. There was a hand some provision'for Lady Earle, the pretty little •state of Boslyn was settled upon her, the servants received numerous legacies, Sir Harry Lawrence and Sir Hugh Oharteris were each to receive a magnificent mourning ring; but there was no mention of the onoe loved son and heir. As heir-at-law, everything was Bonald's, the large amount of money the late lord had saved, title, estates, everything reverted to him; but BonsJdiwould have exchanged all for one line of fbrgiveness,j,for one word of pardon from the lather he had never ceased to love. It was arranged that until Bonald's return his ■i other should continue to reside at Earlescourt, "and the management of the estates was in trusted to Mr. Burt, the^family solicitor. Lady Earle .resolved [to go. to "The Elms" herself; great changes must be made there. Bonald's wife and children must take their place in the world, and she fdt a proud satisfac tion in thinking that, thanks to her sensible •nd judicious management, Dora would fill her future position with credit She anticipated Bonald's delight when he should see his beauti ful, accomplished daughters. Despite her great sorrow, the lady of Earlescourt felt some degree of hope for the future. She wrote to " The Blms," telling Dora of her husband's death, and announcing her own coming; then the little household understood that their quiet and solitude had ended for ever. The first thing was to provide handsome mourning. Dora was strangely quiet and sad through it aIL The girls atked a hundred questions about their father, whom they longed to see. They knew that he had left home in consequence of some quarrel with his father, — that muoh Lady Earle told them—but they never dreamed that his marriage had caused the fatal disagreement; they never knew that,*for their mother's sake, Lady Earle carefully con cealed all knowledge of it from them. Lady Barle reached " The Elms " one eve/iing in the beginning of September. She asked first to see Dora alone. During those long years Dora had grown to love the stately, gentle lady, who was Bonald's mother. She could not resist her sweet, gracious dignity and winning manner. So, when Lady Barle, before seeing her grand-daughters, went to Dora's room, wishing for a long consul tation with her, Dora received her with gentle reverential affection. " I wish to see you first," said Lady Helena Barle, " so that we may arrange our plans before the children know anything of them. Bonald will return to England in a few months. Dora, what course shall you adopt ?" " None," shereplied. " Your son's return has nothing whatever to do with me." " But surely," said Lady Helena, " for the children's sake you will not refuse at least an out ward show of reconciliation ?" " Mr. Earle has not asked for it," said Dora, —•• be never will do so, Lady Helena. It is as far from his thoughts as from mine." Lady Earle sat for some moments too much astounded for speech. " I never enquired the cause of your separa tion, Dora," she said, gently, " and I never wish to know it. My son told me yon oould live to gether no longer. I loved my own husband ; I was a devoted and affectionate wife to him. I bore with his faults, and loved his virtues, so that I cannot imagine what I should do were I in jour place. I say to you what I shall say to Bonald—they are solemn words, ' What there fore God hath joined together let no man put asunder.' Now let me tell you my opinion. It is this: that onoe married, nothing can justify such a separation as yours,—nothing but the most outrageous offences, or the most barbarous cruelty. Take the right oourse, Dora; submit to your husband. Believe me, women's rights are all fancy and nonsense; loving, gentle sub mission is the fairest ornament of woman. Even should Bonald be in the wrong, trample upon all pride and temper, and make the first advances to him. " I oannoi," said Dora, gravely. - "Bonald was always generous and chival rous," continued Lady Earle. "Oh, Dora, have you forgotten how my boy gave up all the world for you?" "No," she replied, bitterly; "nor has he forgotten it, Lady Earle." The remembrance of what she thought her wrongs rose visibly before her. She saw again the magnificent faoeof Valentine Oharteris, with its calm, high-bred wonder. She saw her hus band's white, angry, indignant countenance, his gestures so full of unutterable contempt. Ah, no, never again; nothing oould heal that quarrel "You must take your place in the world," continued Lady Helena. " You are no longer simply Mrs. Earle, of 'The Elms;' you are Lady Earle, of Earlesoourt; wife of its lord, and mother of his children. You have duties too numerous for me to mention, and you must not shrink from them." " I refuse all," she replied, calmly; " I refuse to make any advances towards a reconciliation; I refuse to be reconciled." " And why ?" asked Lady Helena, gravely. A proud flush rose to Dora's face —hot anger stirred in her heart. " Because your son said words to me that I never can and never will forget," she cried. " I did wrong—Lady Helena, I was mad, jealous, j blind—l did wrong—l did what I now know to be dishonorable and degrading. I had not been well taught, and he might have pardoned me, remembering that. But before the woman I believed to^be my rival—in her presence, he begged heaven to pardon him for making me his wife." " They were hard woids," said Lady Earle. " Very hard," replied Dora; " they broke my heart—they slew me in my youth; I have never lived since then." " Can you never forgive and forget them, j Dora ?" asked Lady Helena. " Never," she replied ; " they are burned into my heart and on my brain. I shall never forget them; your son and I must be strangers, Lady Earle, while we live." " I can say no more," sighed Lady Earle; " perhaps a mightier voioe will call to you, Dora, and then you will obey." A deep silenoe fell upon her. Lady Helena was more grieved and disoonoerted than she eared to own; she had thought of taking her son's wife and children home in triumph, but it was not to be. " Shall we speak of the children now?" she asked at length; " some arrangements must be made for them." " Yes," said Dora, " their father has claims upon them. lam ready to yield to them. I do not believe he will ever love and care for them, because they are mine. At the same time I give them up to him and to you, Lady Earle. The , sweetest and best years of their lives have been spent with me; I must not therefore repine. I have but one stipulation to make, and it is* that my children shall never hear one word against me." " You know little of me," said Lady Helena, Hif you think such a thing is possible. Yon would rather part with your children than ac company them P" " Far rather," she replied. " I know you will allow them to visit me, Lady Earle. I have known for many years that suoh a time must come, and I am prepared for it." "But—my dear Dora," said Lady Earle, warmly, "have you considered what parting with your children implies—the solitude, the desolation ?" "I know it all," replied Dora; "it will be hard, but not so hard or so bitter as living under the same roof with their father." Carefully and quietly Dora listened to Lady Earle's plans and arrangements,—bow her children were to go to Earleseonrt, and take the position belonging to them. Mrs. Vyvian was> to go with them and remain until Lord Earle returned. Until then they were not to be in trodnoed into society ; it would take some time to accustom them to so great • ohange. When Lord Earle returned he oould pursue what course* he would. "He will be so proud of them," said Lady Earle. "I have'never seen t girl so spirited and beautiful as Beatrice; Lillian is just as fair and gentle. Oh, Dora, I should be happy if you were going with us." Never once during the few days of busy pre paration did Dora's proud oourage give way. The girls at first refused to leave her; they ex hausted themselves in conjectures as to her con tinued residence at "The Elms," and were forced to be satisfied'with Lady Earle's off-hand declaration that their mother oould not endure any but a qniet life. "Mamma has a title now," said Beatrice, wonderingly; " why will she not use it ?" " Your mother's tastes are simple and plain,'* replied Lady Earle. "Her wishes must be treated with respect." Dora did not give way until the two faces that had brightened her house vanished. When they were gone, and a strange, hushed silence fell upon the place, pride and courage gave way. In that hour the very bitterness of death seemed to be upon her. Chaito XX. It was a proud moment for Lady Earle when she led the two young girls through the long line of servants assembled to receive them. They were both silent from sheer wonder. They left Florence at so early an age that they had not the faintest remembrance of the pretty villa on the banks of the Arno. All their ideas were centered iv " The Elms;" they had never seen any other home. Lady Earle watched the different effects pro duced upon them by the firat glimpse of Earles court. Lillian grew pale; she trembled; and her wondering eyes filled with tears. Beatrice, on the contrary, seemed instantly to take in the spirit of the place. Her face flushed ; a proud light came into her glorious eyes; her naughty head was carried more regally than ever. There was no timidity, no shyly expressed wonder, no sensitive shrinking from new, and unaccustomed splendour. They were deeply impressed with the magni ficenoe of their new home. For many long days Lady Earle employed herself in showing them the numerous treasures of art and virtu the house contained. The picture gallery ploased Beatrice most; she gloried in the por traits of those grand old ancestors, " each with a story to his name." One morning she stood before Lady Helena's portrait, admiring the beautiful likeness. Suddenly turning to the stately lady by her side, she said, "All the Ladies Earle are here; where is my own mamma ?—her face is sweet and fair as any of these. Why is there no portrait of her ?" " There will be one some day," eaid Lady Helena. " When your father returns all those things will be seen to." Wo-h—a ■■» toother," oootinned' Bsatrios; " evtry baron here teem* to hare been sneoeeded by his ton,—who will noosed ay father ?" «• His next of kin," replied Lady Earle, sadly, M Lionel Daere; he it a third cousin of Lord Earle's. He will have both title and estate." She sighed deeply; it was a real trouble to Lady Helena that «he should neTer see her son's son, nerer lore and nurse, never bless the heir of < Earlesoourt. Lillian delighted most in the magnificent gardens, the thickly wooded park, where every dell was filled with flowers and ferns, every knoll crowned with tufted trees. The lake, with white lilies sleeping on its tranquil bosom, and weeping willows touching its dear surface, pleased her most of aIL As they stood on the banks, Beatrice, looking into the transparent depths, shuddered, and turned quickly away. "I am tired of water," she said; " nothing wearied me so much at Knutsford as the wide, restless sea. I must have been born with a natural antipathy to water." Many days passed before they were familiar with Earlesoourt. Every day brought its new wonders. A pretty suite of rooms had been prepared for both sisters; they were in the western wing, and communicated with each other. The Italian nurse who came with them from Flo* renoe had preferred remaining with Dora. Lady Earle had engaged two fashionable ladies' maids to attend them. She had also ordered for each a wardrobe suitable to the daughters of Lord Earle. Mrs. Vyvian had two rooms near her charges. Knowing that some months might elapse before Bonald returned, Lady Helena settled upon a course of action. The young girls were to be kept in seclusion, not introduced to the gay world, knowing only a few old friends of the family; they wsre to continue to study for a few hours every morning, to drive or walk with Lady Earle after lunch, to join her at the 7 o'clock dinner, and to pass the evening in the drawing-room.' It was a new and beautiful life. Beatrice revelled in the luxury and grandeur that sur rounded her. She amused Lady Earle by her vivacious description of the quiet horn* of " The Elms." " I feel at home here," she said," and I never did there. At times I wake up, half dreading to hear the rattling of the tall elm trees, and old Mrs. Thome's voice asking about the cows. Poor mamma! I cannot understand her taste." When they became more aeoustomed to the new life, the strange incongruity in their family struck them both. On one side a grand old race, intermarried with some of the noblest families in England,—a stately house, title, wealth, rank, and position; on the other, a simple farmer and his homely wife, the plain old homestead, and complete isolation from all they now considered society. How could it be? How came it that their father was lord of Earlesoourt, and their mother the daughter of a plain oountry farmer ? For the first time it struck them both that there was some mystery in the life of the parents. Both grew more shy of speaking of "The Elms," feeling with the keen instinct peculiar to youth that there was something almost on* natural in their position. Visitors came occasionally to Earlesoourt: Sir Harry and Lady Lawrenoe, of Holtham, often called; Lady Oharteris came from Greenoke; and all warmly admired the beauti ful daughters of Lord Earle. Beatrice, with her brilliant beauty, her mag nificent voice, and gay, graceful manner, was certainly the favorite. Bir Harry declared she was the finest rider in the country. There was an unusual stir of preparation when Lady Earle told them that Lady Ohar teris, the daughter of her devoted friend, was coming to spend a few days at Earlesoourt. Then, for the first time, they saw the beautiful and stately lady whose fiate was so strangely interwoven with theirs. Valentine Charteris was no longer " the queen of the county." Prinoe Borgesi had won the beautiful English woman. He followed her to Greenoke, and repeated his question. There was neither ooquetry nor affectation in Valen tine, —she had thought over it, and decided that she was never likely to meet with any one else she liked and respected so much as her Italian lover. He had the virtues (without the faults) of the children of the Sooth, a lavishly gener ous, princely disposition, well-cultivated artistic tastes, goad principles, and a sense of chivalrous honor. Perhaps the thing that touched her most was his great love for her. In many re spects he resembled Bonald Earl* more nearly than any one else she had ever met. To the intense delight of both parents, Miss Oharteris accepted him. For her sake the prince consented to spend every alternate year in England. The wedding was a magnificent one, and three times had the whole oountry side welcomed the stately Italian and his beautiful wife. This was their fourth risit to England, and when the princess heard from Lady Charteris that Bo nald's two daughter*, whom she remembered as little babies, were at Emrleseourt, nothing .would satisfy her but a visit there. The young girls looked in admiring wonder at the lady. They liad never seen anything so dazsling or so bright. The calm grand Grecian face had gained in beauty, the magnificent head with its wealth of golden hair, the tall stately figure, charmed them. And when Valentine took them in her arms and kissed them, her thoughts went back to the white wild face in the garden, and the dark eyes that had flamed in hot anger upon her. " I knew your mother years ago," she said ; " has she never mentioned my name ? I used to ! nurse you both in the little villa at Florence. I was one of your father's oldest friends." No, they had never heard her name, and Bea trice wondered that her mother oould have known and forgotten one so beautiful as the princess. The week she remained passed like a long bright dream. Beatrice almost worshipped Valentine ; this was what she had dreamed of long ago; this was one of the ideal ladies living in the bright gay world she was learning to understand. When the prince and princess left Earlescourt they made Lady Helena promise that Beatrice and Lillian should visit them at Florence. They spoke of the fair and coquettish Countess Boeali, still a reigning belle, and said how warmly she would welcome them for their father's sake. " You talk so much of Italy," said Valentine to Beatrice. "it is just the land for the romance you love. You shall see blue skies and sunny seas, vines and myrtles and orange trees in bloom; you shall see suoh luxuriance and beauty that you will never wish to return to this cold, dreary England." » It was thus arranged that when Lord Earle roturaod; the visfra»uld belaid, audth»nw ing after their guestsV departure seamed leag and trisfe. " I wTO write to ausnau," said Beatrice; "it k strange she new told us anything or her friend. I moat tell her all about the ▼kit.'' Not daring to with the girk to keep any secret from Dora, Lady Earle wu oblifed to let the letter go. The passionate, lonely heart brooded over erery word. Beatrice dwelt with loving admiration on the calm, grand beanty of the prineeM, her sweet and gracious manner, her kindly reooHeetioa of Dora, and her argent invitation to them. Dora read it through calmly, each word stabbing her with erael pain. The old, fierce jealousy rose strong in her heart, crashing every gentle thought. She tore the letter, so fall of Valentine, into a thousand shreds. " She took my hosband from me," she cried, " with the miserable beauty of her lair foe and now she will win my children." Then across the fieroe tempest of jealous anger came one thought like a ray of light. Valentine was married; she had married the wealthy, powerful prince who had been Bonald's patron; so then, even if she had land Bonsld from her, he had not oared for her, or she had soon ceased to care for him. Beatrice thought it still more strange when her mother's reply to that long, enthusiastic letter came. Dora said, simply, that she had never named the Princess Borgesi, because she was a person whom she did not care to remem her. Fifteen months passed, and at length came a letter from Lord Sarle, saying that he hoped to reach England before Christmas, and, in any ease, would be with them by Christmas Day. It was a short letter, written in the hurry of travelling ; the words that touched his children most were, " I am glad yon have the girls at Earlescourt; lam anxious to see what they are like. Make them happy, mother; let them have all they want; and if it be possible, after my long neglect, teach them to love me.** The letter contained no mention of their mother mo allution was made to her. The girls watched the. weeks go by with some little trepidation. What, it, after all, this lather, whom they did not remember, should not fike them! Beatrice did not think such a thing very probable, but Lillian •peat Many an hoar in nervous, fanciful alarms. It was strange how completely all the old fife had died away. Both had felt a kind of affec tion for the old former and his wife—they sent many presents to them—bat Beatrice would earl her proud lips in scorn when she reed aloud that " If r. and Mrs. Thome desired their humble duty to Lady Earle." Lady Sarle felt no anxiety about her eon's return; looking at his daughters she could see no fault in them. Beautiful, accomplished, and graceful, what more could he desire P She in* wardly thanked Providence that neither of them bore the least resemblance totheThornes. Beatrice looked like one of the Ladies Sarle just descended from a picture frame t Lilian, in her fair, dove-like loveliness was, quite as charming. What would Lady Baric so truth* ful, so honorable—have thought or amid had she known that her brilliant favorite with the Sarle faoe had plighted her troth, unknown to any one, to the captain of a small trading vessel, who was to claim her in two years' time for his wife? Lady Barle had formed her own plans for Beatrice; she hoped the time would oome when she would be Lady Barle, of Serlesoourt; nothing could be more delightfal, nothing easier, provided Beatrice would marry the young heir, i Lionel Daere. I One morning, as the sisters sat in Lillian's room, Lady Barle entered with an unusual ex pression of emotion on her fair, high-bred face; she held an open letter in her hands. " My dear children," she said, " ring for Sim-, mons, and consult her about your dresses. Ton most each look your very best this evening. I have a note here,—your father will he homo to-night" The calm, proud voioe faltered than, and the stately mistress of ■atlaseourt wept at the thought of her eon's return as she had never wept sines he left her. % CXAPTBB XXL I Oven more Bonald, Lord Bark, stood upon ] English shores; once again he heard hk mother tongue spoken by all around him; once again he felt the charm of quiet, sweet Englkh scenery. Seventeen years had passed sinoe he j had taken Dora's hand in his, and told her he cared nothing for all he was leaving behind him, nothing for anyone in the world save herself; seventeen years, and hk love-dream had lasted but two! Then came the erael shock that bunded him with anger and shame; then tint the rude awakening from hk dream, when, look ing hk life bravely in the face, he found it nothing but a burden; hope and ambition gone; the grand politioal mission he had ones be lieved to be hk own, impossibk; nothing left to him of hk glorious dreams but existence,—and | all for what? For the mad, foolish love of a pretty face. He hated himself for hk weakness and folly. For that,—for the fair, foolish woman, who had shamed him so sorely,—he had half broken hk mother's heart, and had em* bittered hk father's life. For thk be had made himself go exile, old in hk youth, worn and weary, when life should have been all smiling around him. These thoughts flashed through hk mind as the express train whirled through the qukt Englkh landscape. Winter snows had fallen, the great bare branches of the tall trees -were gaunt and snow-laden, the fields looked like hard wolds covered with snow, .the frost had hardened the icicles hanging from hedges and trees. It seemed strange to him, thk cold, quiet white, after so many years of the tropical sun. Yet every breath of the sharp, frosty air invigorated him, and brought him new life and energy. At kngth the little station was reached, and he saw the carriage with its liveried servants awaiting him. A warm flash rose to Lord Earle's faoe; for a moment he felt almost ashamed of meeting his own domestics. They must all know now why he had left home. Hk own valet, Morton, was there. Lord Earle had kept him, and the man asked permission to go and meet hk old master. Bonald was pleased to see him; there were a few words of courteous greeting from Lord Earle to hk attendants, and a few still kinder words to Morton. Once again Bonald saw the old tress of which he had dreamed so often, the stately cedars, the grand spreading oaks, the tall aspens, the " lady beeoh," the groves of poplars,—every spot wa* familiar to him. In the dktanoe he saw the lake shining through the trees; be drove past the magnificent gardens, the orchards now bare and empty. He was not ashamed of the tears that ■ashed warsmly to-hk oyea when, thalowats and turrets of Eailssouwt oamem eight. A sharp sense of fain tiled his heart j keen recret, bitter remorse, a longing for power to undo all that had been done, to recall the lost, miserable years—the best of bis life. He might return; he might do his best to atone for his error; but neither repentanoe nor atonement could give him back the father whose pride he had humbled to the dast. As the carriage rolled up the broad drive, a hundred instances of his father's love and indul gence flashed across him, —he had never re fused but one request. He had used wisdom and tenderness to dissuade him from the false step that could never be retraced, —but all in vain. He remembered his father's face on that morning, when, with outstretched hands, he bade him leave his presence, and never seek it more; when he told him, that whenever he looked upon his dead face, he was to remember that death itself was less bitter than the hour in which he had been deceived. Bad, bitter memories filled his heart, when the carriage stopped at the door and Bonald caaght sight of old familiar faces, some in smiles, some in tears. The library door was thrown open. Hardly knowing where he went, Lord Earle entered, and it was closed behind him. His eyes, dimmed with tears, saw a tall, stately'lady, who advanced to meet him with open arms. The face be remembered so fair and calm, bore deep marks of sorrow; the proud, tender eyes were shadowed; the glossy hair was threaded with silver; but it was his mother's voice that cried to him, "My son, my son!— thank God you are returned!" He never remembered how long his mother held him clasped in her arms. Earth has no other love like a mother's love none so tender, so true, so full of sweet wisdom, so replete with pity and pardon. It was her own son whom Lady Earle held in, her arms. She forgot that he was a man who had incurred just displeasure. He was her boy, her own treasure; and ep it was that her words of greeting were til of lov ing welcome. " How changed you are!" she said, drawing him near to the fast-fading fight. "Your face is quite bronsed, you look so many years older, —so sad, so worn! Oh, Bonald, I must teach you to grow young and happy again.'' He sighed deeply, and his mother's heart grew sad as she watched his restless face. M Old-fashioned oopy books say, mother, that •to be happy one must be good.' I have not been good," he said, with a slight smile, "and I shall never be happy." By the faint waning light, through which the snow gleamed strangely, mother and son sat talking. Lady Sarle told Bonald of his father's death, of that last yearning cry, when all the pent-up love of years sssmsd to rush forth and overpower him with its fores. It was some comfort to him, after all, that his father's last thoughts and last words had been for him. His heart was strangely softened; anew hope came to him. Granted that the beet part of bis life was wasted, he would do his best with the remainder. M And my children," he said, «my poor little girls! I will not see them until lam calm and ! refreshed. I know they are well and happy with you." , He snuied at her warm praises, and then, taking advantage of his mood, Lady Barle said what she had been longing to say. M Bonald," she began, " I have had much to safer. Ton will never know how my heart has j been torn between my husband and my son. Let my few last years be spent in psaes." M They shall, mother," he said. "Yoorhap* pinees shall be my study." " There can be no rest for me," continued his mother, unless all division in our family ends. Bonald, I, who never asked you a favor before, ask one now. Seek Dora, and bring her home, I reconciled and happy." A dark angry frown, such as she had never seen before, came on Lord Barle's fees. •• Anything but that," he replied, hastily; " J cannot do it, mother. I could not, if I lay upon my deathbed." M And why r asked Lady Helena, simply, as she had asked Dora. "For a hundred reasons, the first and greatest of which is that she has outraged all my notions of honor, shamed and degraded me in the presence of one I esteemed and revered; she has ■; but no, I will not speak of my wife's errors, it is not manly. I cannot forgive her, mother. I wish her no harm; let her have every luxury my wealth can procure, but do not name her to me. I should be utterly devoid of all pride if I could pardon her." M Pride on your side," said Lady Barle, sadly, 44 and temper on hers. Oh, Bonald, how will it end P Be wise in time; the most honest and the noblest man is he who conquers himsel£ Conquer yourself my son, and pardon Dora." MI could more easily die," he rep'ied, bitterly. "Then," said Lady Barle, sorrowfully, "I mast say to you as I said to Dora—beware; pride and temper must bend and break. Be j warned in time." " Mother,* interrupted Bonald, bending over the pale face so full of emotion, •' Ist this be the last time. Ton distisss yourself and me; do not renew the subject. I may forgive her in the hour of death, not before." Lady Helena's last hope died away; she had thought that in the first hour of his return, when old memories had softened his heart, she should prevail on him to seek his wife whom he had ceased to love, and for their children's sake to take her home. She little dreamed that the < coming home, the recollection of his father, the ghost of his lost youth and blighted hopes rising every instant, had hardened him against the wife for whom he had lost aIL " You will like to see the children now," said Lady Helena; " I will ring for lights. You will be charmed with both. Beatrice is much like you,—she has the Earle faoe, and, unless lam mistaken, the Sarle spirit too." "Beatrioe," said Lillian, as they descended the broad staircase, "I am frightened. I wish I oould remember something of papa—his voice or his smile; it is like going to see a stranger. And suppose, after all, he does not like us!" " Suppose—what is of greater importance," said Beatrioe, proudly—"that we do not like him!" But, for all her high spirits and hauteur, Bea trice almost trembled as the library door opened, and Lady Sarle came forward to meet them. Bhe raised her eyes daantlessly, and saw before her a tall, stately gentleman, with a handsome face, the laddest and the noblest she had ever seen,—clear, keen eyes, that seemed to pierce through all disguise and read all thoughts. | *f There is Beatrice," said Lady Helena, as she-took her hand gently, and Bonald looked in .startled wander at the supatbJbaauty of the face and igure before him. " Beatrice," he said, kissing the proud, bright face, M can it be possible? When I saw you last yuu were a little helpless child." " I am not helpless now," she replied, with a smile; " and I hope yoa are going to love me very much, papa. Yoa have to make op for fifteen years' absenoe. I think it will not be very difficult to love yon." He seemed dazsled by her beauty,—her frank, high spirit, and fearless words. Then he saw a golden head, and sweet, dove-like eyes, raised to bis. " I am Lillian, papa," said a dear, musical voice. " Look at me, please t and lore me too." He did both, charmed with the gentle grace "of her manner, acd the Hair, pure faoe. Then Lord Earle took both bis children in his arms. " I wish," he said in a broken voice, and with tears in his eyes, " that I had seen yon before. They told me my little twin children had grown into beautiful girls, but I did not realise it. And again, when she saw his proud happiness, Lady Helena longed to plead for the mother of his children, that she might also share in his love; bat she dared not His words haunted her. Dora would only be forgiven in the hour of death. Ounn XXIL That evening of his return was one of the happiest of Lord Earle's life. He was charmed with his daughters. Lady Helena thought with, a smile, that it was difficult to realise the relationship between them. Althongh her son looked sad and careworn, he seemed more like an elder brother than the father of the two young girls. There was some little restraint between them at first Lord Earle seemed at a loss what to talk about; then Lady Helena's gracious tact came into play. She woold not have dinner in the large dining- room | she ordered it to be served in the pretty morning-room, where the fire burned cheerfully, and the lamps gave a flood of mellow light It was the picture of warm, cosy English oomfort, and Lord Earle looked pleased when he saw it. Then, when dinner was over, she asked Beatrioe to sing» and she, only too pleased to show Lord Barle the extent of her accomplish ments, obeyed. Her magnificent voice, with its clear, raging tones, amaied him. Beatrioe sang song after song with passion and fire, that told how deep the music lay in her sooL Then Lady Helena bade Lillian bring out her folio of drawings, and again Lord Earle was pleased and surprised by the skill and talent he had not looked for. He praised the drawings highly. One especially attracted his attention, —it was the pretty scene Lillian had sketched on the May day now so long passed,—the son shining upon the distant white sails, and the broad, beautiful sweep of sea at Knutsford. M That is an excellent picture," be said,—" it oaght to be framed. It is too good to be bidden in a folio. Yon have jutt caught' the right coloring, Lillian; one can almost see the son sparkling on the water. Where is this sea view taken from?" " Do yon not know it V she asked, looking at him with wonder in her eyes. "It is from Knatsford—mamma's home." Bonald looked np in sadden, painful surprise. "Mamma's home!" The words smote him like a blow. He had forgotten all this part of the subject He remembered Dora's offence; her ©old letter, her harried flight; bis own firm resolve never to receive her, in his home again; bat be bad not remembered that the children must love her— that she was part of their lives. He could not separate them from her. There before him lay the pretty picture of "mamma's boms.**. "This," said Lillian, "is * The Elms.' See those grand old trees, papa! This is the win dow of mamma's room, and this was oar study." He looked with wonder. This, then, was Dora's home,—the pretty, quaint homestead standing in the midst of green meadows. As be gased, he half wondered what the Dora, who for fifteen years had lived there, could be like ? Did the curling rinks of dark hair fall as grace* folly as erer? Had the blushing, dimpled face grown pale and still? And then, chasing away all softened thought, came the remembrance of that hateful garden soene. Ah, no, be eoald never forgive j be eoald not speak of her even to these, her children. The two pictures were laid aside, and no more was said of framing them. Lord Barle said to himself, after his daughters bad retired, that both were charming; but, though he hardly owned it to himself* if he bad a preference, it was for brilliant, beautiful Bea trice. He had never seen any one to surpass her. After Lady Helena had left him, he sat by the fire dreaming, as bis father long years ago bad done before him, and be resolved that be would begin at ones to retrieve the fatal mistake of bis life. During breakfast on the morning following bis return Lady Helena asked what were bis plans for the day. " I wish to have a long conversation with my daughters," said Lord Earle, "long and onin tempted." Bonald, Lord Barle, bad made ap* bis mind. In the same place where bis father bad warned him, and made the strongest impression upon him, be would warn bis children, and in the same way; so he took them to the picture gallery, where he last stood with his father. With gentle firmness he said," I have brought you here, as I have something to say to you which is best said here. " Years ago, children, my father brought me, as I bring you, to warn and advise me; I warn and advise yoa. We are, though so closely re lated, almost strangers., I, am ready to love you, and do love you. I intend to make your happiness my chief study. But there is one thing I must have—that U, perfect openness; one thing I must forbid—that is, deceit of any kind, on any subject. If either of you have in your short lives a secret, tell it to me now; if either of you love any one, even though it be one unworthy, tell me now. I will pardon any im prudence, any folly, any want of caution— everything save deceit. Trust me, and I will be gentle as a tender woman; deoeive me, and I will never forgive you, never pardon you." Both fair faces bad grown pale; Beatrice, from sudden and deadly fear; Lillian, from strong emotion. " The men of oar race," said Lord Barle, " have erred at times; the women never. You belong to a long line of noble, pure, and high* bred ladies; there must be nothing in your lives less noble than in them; bat if there has been, —if from want of vigilence of training and of caution, there should be, anything in this short past, tell it to me now, and I will'for get it" Neither spoke to him one word, and a strange pelhosMuneintohisvoiosasbeeeatinaed: ' "I committed oMMttf dcoait in my Hie," continued Lord Earle ; M it drove me from home, it made me an exile daring the best yean of my life. It matter* little what it was ; yon will never know; but it has made me mereileM to all deceit I will never spare it j it hat mad* me hanh and bitter. You will both find in me the truest, the best of friends, if in everything you are straightforward and honorable; bat, children, dearly as I lore you, I will never par. don a lie or an act of deoeit." " I nev«w told a lie in my life,** said T.i|l|> n , proudly. "My mother taught as to love troth." "And you, my Beatrice?" he asked, gently, as he turned to the beautiful faoe, half averted from him. " I oan say with my sister," was the haughty reply, " I have never told a lie." Even as she spoke her lips grew pale with fear, as she remembered the fatal seoret of bar engagement to Hugh Fernely. " I believe it," replied Lord Earle; " I can read truth in each faoe. Now tell me—have no fear—have you any secret in that past life P Remember, no matter what you have done, I shall freely pardon it. If yon should be in any trouble or difficulty, as young people are at times, I will help you; I will do anything for you, if you will trust me." And again Lillian raised her sweet faoe to his. " I have no secret," she said, simply. "I do not think I know a secret, or anything like one. My past life is an open book, papa, and yon can read every page of it." "Thank God," said Lord Earle, as he placed his hand caressingly upon the fair head. It was strange, and he remembered the omis sion afterwards, that he did not repeat the ques tion to Beatrioe,—he seemed to consider that Lillian's answer included hers. He did not know her heart was beating high with fear. "I know," be continued, gently, " that some young girls have their love secrets. You tell me you have none. I believe you. I have but one word more to say. You will be out in the great world soon, and yon will both have plenty of lovers. Then will oome the hoar of trial and temptation f remember my words, there is no ours© so great a* a clandestine love, no error so great or so degrading. One of oar race waf so oursed, and his punishment was great Ho matter whom you love, or who lovei you, let all be fair, honorable, and open as the day. Trait me; do not deceive me. Let me in justioe say, I will never oppose any reasonable marriage, bat I will never pardon a clandestine attachment. " However dearly I might love the one who so transgressed," continued Lord Earle, "even if it broke my heart to part with her, I should send her from me at onoe t she should never more be child of mine. Do not think me harsh or unkind; I have weighty reasons for ewmj word I have uttered. lam half ashamed to speak of such things to you, bat it mast be done. Yoa are smiling, Lillian i what is it P" "I should langb, papa," she replied, " if yoa did not look so very grave. We must see people in order to love them. Beatrice, how many do we know in the world? - Farmer Leigh, the doctor at Gkabey, Dr. Goods, who came to ' The Elms' when mamma was ill, two farm laborers, and the shepherd; that was the eitont of our acquaintance until we came to Earleteourt I may now add Sir Harry Holte and Prince Borgtsi to my list You forget» papa, we have lived out of the world." " I have no son," he said ; *' and you, my daughters, will not inherit title or estate—bota go to Lionel Daere; and if ever the time should come, when Lionel asks either of you to be his wife, my dearest wish will be accomplished. And now, as my lone lecture it finished, and the bell has rang, we will prepare for a long, gaj visit to Sir Harry Holte and L%dy Lawrence. 1* There was not maoh time for thought daring the rest of the day; but when night came, ana Beatrioe was alone, she looked the seoret of her life in the face. She had been strongly tempted when Lord Earle spoke so kindly to tell him aIL She now wished she bad done so; all would be over. He would have, perhaps, chided her simple, girlish folly, and have forgiven her. He woold never forgive her now that she had deliberately concealed the fact j the time of forgiveness was past She would have to leave the magnificent and luxurious home, the splendour that delighted her, the glorious prospects opening to her, and return to " The Elms," perhaps never to leave it again. Ah, no, the secret mutt be kept. She did not feel mnoh alarmed; many things might happen. Perhaps the Seagull might be lost; she tboaght without pain or sorrow of the pro bable death of the man who loved her as few are loved. Even if he returned he might have forgotten her or never find her. She did not feel very unhappy or ill at ease, —the obanoes, she thought, were many in her favor. She bad but one thing to do, to keep all knowledge of her seoret from Lord Barle. 10 as oojmmiab.] A Pabis oorretpondent of the Qlob* that describes the recent marriage of M. Bochefortt —" Few romances of fiction have imagined for their climax an incident to pathetic at the mar* riage of Henri Boehefort, with all the eiroam* atanoe* which, in fact, turro-inded it. Several yean ago, when the man now condemned to detention for life wu tha young Oomte de Boehe fort Lugay, he wooed and won Marie Anastasie Benauld, the daughter of an employt in the Minutry of Finanoe. They were at fbe time almost boy and girl—he, I think, twenty, and ■he sixteen—and did not find it neoeuary to consecrate their affection by any other ceremony than those tows of oomtancy which usually proTO of very transient force. It was not so, how* ever, in this ease. By suoceaeive stages the Comte de Boohefort let himself be carried away by his virulent wit and his eager desire for notoriety, until he became famous for satire* which were certainly out of all keeping with an ancient title, and he wisely dropped his rank. During all his changes of fortune, except tha last, Mdlle. Benauld has remained with him. Rochefort had been brought to the Maison d'Arret of Versailles, and thenoe hit marriage procession started. It consisted of one Urge hired carriage conveying tbe bridegroom and three police-agents (dressed in plain clothes) t it left tbe prison at a very early hour, and had for escort a very strong guard of gardietu de U paix, who also surrounded in force the Maison de Bant 6 attached to tbo Con-, vent of the Augustioes. Here, on the second story, was No. 3—a little room, opening, M all each do in placet of confinement, from a great public corridor—and in this lay the bride. At the poor paralysed woman could not, of course, be moved to the mairie or to the church for either the civil or religious ceremony, M. Bameau, tbe maire, had come to her bedside* The marriage instrument was read by him, while M. Boehefort stood by the bride, holding her hand. It was then signed by both, though the effort drew from her a cry of pain, and witnessed by Fracfois Victor Hugo, Ernost Blum, Joan Deitrien, and the eloquent barrister, Albert Joly. This was sufficient to give legal validity to the marriage, and status to the children; but Mdlle. Benauld (as the Mappil states half apologetically) had begged lor a religiont ceremony also, and uocheiort could not refuse a request which will be probably her laat. fhe blessing of tbe Church was therefore be-to wed on the pair by the Abbe Follet, cbopluin of prisons. After this, M. and Madame Kochefort were released from surveillance for a short baif hour, and left absolutely, alone. At the expira tion of this time they parted for ever. The bridegroom, with the same precautions, was oonduoted back to his temporary prison, his con* duotors, by the rapid pace at which they took the carriage, appearing to grudge tbe favor shown ; and a few hours afterwards he was carried i n a prisoners' van to his place of permanent oonii ne« meat in the lie de Be." 