THE HISTORY OF SIX HOURS. Br A. C. It -was just like a dream. I listened to my own footfall crossing the tinted lights ana shadows intersecting the nave, and it scarcely seemed to be mine. I bushed it mechanically to its lightest sound, yet it seemed to send reverberating echoes up and down the aisles and along the silent galleries of the triforium. Tap, tap, tap, it called the sacred stones to witness that a wanderer was come home. The bells were ringing over my head, as never church bells had rung for me since I heard them chime the hour of my departure, what seemed so long agOj—far-away, mellow, dream-like notes, falling in the soft air from amongst the swifts' nests in the tower, over the quiet little city and the wide-spreading fens. So faintly did they reach my ears in that great dim nave, they might have fallen from the clouds. The afternoon Bunshine crept aslant across the pavement, staining the grey pillars, and mingling with the rich mosaic the jewel-like colouring of the south aisle windows. Dear, quaint windows! I had often made fun of them in my thought less youth—Noah's animals pretending they were going into the ark, when that vessel had obviously no accommo dation whatever for them; the to"wer of Babel, whose crowning tier might easily have been vaulted Over by one of its archi tects, and the comical delineation of the "confusion of tongues:" Samson's lion and the gates of G&za;, and similar representa tions " after the antique." But the familiar Pictures, glowing and melting through their Norman setting, filled my heart now with associations of beauty, and dimmed my eyes with tears. There was the long, lofty vista of ceiling overhead, broad and soft in its exquisite tinting, with its myriad majestic faces looking down into mine. There was EvAwith her goldeti hair; there was meek Bttthi in hferhndalgarinehts: there was the lovely head of the Virgin Mother, and the Lord in Glory, high above alL A little farther,1 and St. Peter with'his blue robes and/great keys gazed out of his qiiiet corner,' ipd ^the! mediaeval angels ihtne transepts ran to toeeT ovfer their folded palms. There great space before me, marble-paved, *' -*loiidhSly pillared arid vaulted, with nigqu&bts; shimhg down in many colours oh, tue'oakeh'lflbewbrk ofthe rood-screen, and' fl£&lflim;:mhghi^cence of the choir. And far* -bobsed'toof, the noble win ",ahd -ttie' alabaster ' pinnacled of the ^"lh the -chancel: shimmered and ^led with I know not what awful and _ Miid&Pa; minutes tq take it all in. RbteA!l6\v:brod'ha doorway'near at hand a reath 6f Apifl'^wfhd caihe fanning by, and. ^SL"J'liyiacet6 meet it, I saw the om grey 1 the - brebehds bduses hestiing' __lder their' mother's tving, with their iirftn lawns,' ihtefaettbd :*»» — whereon nb weed shh\rits heac^' Nothing \Vas chaiiged, me that' nothing cohhr ah'd'it 'fieemed td _ dbange there. .In the midst of the streets jindAbofa, yet withdrawn from sight and hearing of them, the peaceful enclosure was as much a sanctuary as in the days when the monks inhabited it. There were the arch deacon's apple trees shadowing the ancient wall with their rosy blossoms; there were the lilacs, all in bud, and the double pink hawthorns, and the patches of scarlet japonica flushing through the delicate green network of the young expanding leaves. There were the immemorial rooks cawing and scuffling over their bits of stick in the great bare elm trees; there was the early cuckoo piping its two soft notes at regular intervals far away. All familiar sounds and sights and scents of English spring-time were enveloped in the profound peace and beauty of that venerable spot. As I stood, the dean walked out from liis garden door, preceded by a solemn verger with elevated mace, his surplice blowing back from his gaitered legs, his scarlet hood rustling, his square cap shading his benevolent face. Here was the first change. The dean I had left had become a bishop, and this one I had never seen until now. As I moved from the doorway to let him pass, I saw belated lay clerks and choristers hurry ing into their _ respective vestries, and; emerging in their white robes by twos and ] and threes. Some of the boys of my time were now long-legged youths, some of the youths had become bearded men, while many of the men were gone, and then: places occupied by strangers. I looked for some sort of recognition from those I had known, but one and all passed by without seeming to see me. The bell ceased. Measured footsteps at the far end of the nave told me the bishop had entered the cathedral The choristers moved from their transept, two and two, the lay clerks followed, the precentor and canons bowed to the grave figure in the nave, and passed up, then the dean, lastly the bishop—my own dear bishop, who at least was unchanged—and, entering the opengates, they rustled slowly into their places. And now all my blood seemed to leap into my face, and back again with a rush and tumult to my heart, as a clear voice arose from the silence, singing "Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." I saw three figures standing in the most east ward of the stalls on the north side of the choir, their three faces illuminated by the dying sunlight. In the upper tier was one— the haughty face of Colonel Devereux ; in the lower were two—the comely countenance of Kate, his wife, now stout and matronly, as became a country lady and mother of a family, and the pale, pure profile of my madonna, Mary Neville. She was in mourn ing, of course—signified by a little crape bonnet on her sweet head, beside which her brows looked like ivory, and her hair like burnished bronze. All the rest of her, visible to me, was clothed in silky sealskin. She was thinner, and looked much older than when I had seen her last, and there were very evident traces of suffering about the wistful eyes and the sad and patient mouth. I looked at her, wondering in a wild sort of way how she could possibly be unconscious of my presence so near her— looked as if by very force I would drag her dear face round to ine, until the exhortation was ended, and I could see her no longer. Then I flung myself on my knees, and buried my head in iny hands, and I trembled as if I had taken an ague, and panted for breath as if I had been running a race.. The single clear note expanded into the divinest melody of which human voices were capable, at least it seemed 60 to me, unused to it as I had become; the most solemn words of penitent prayer were put into my mouth; | yet all I could do was to mutter, "O, my darling! O, my darling!" over and over, in a sudden madness of longing and love. I had not been unprepared to see her there either. On arriving at home the day before, mother and Grade, after the first wild greetings, had told me that she was staying with Colonel Devereux; that the militia regi ment was up for the spring training, and that therefore Colonel Devereux, who had only lately returned from Rome, was in town; and that he had brought his family with him, as an absent canon had placed a bouse at his disposal. Also, Grade informed me, Miss Neville never missed the cathedral service when she could help it, and as Grade never did either, though she worked like a little slave at her easel, painting pic tures for the Academy (only absenting herself on this occasion lest I should find her de trop), I believed her. Mrs. Neville had died in Rome, with only her son and daughter at her bedside, her husband having already Bcandalised society by his desertion of her, and his attentions to the person who was to succeed her as his wife. " A horrid woman," said Grade, "who has been brought up amongst tradespeople and Dissenters, ana now crosses herself in church, and turns up her nose at Lord R-—'s parties, because 'nobody knows who* is invited to them. Her father was a grocer, and her first hus band kept an inn, and afterwards went into a brewery business, where he made a fortune, which enabled her, on his demise, to get into notice in continental society, and afterwards to marry Mr. Neville." It was immediately after Mrs. Neville's funeral that Colonel Devereux had insisted on Mail's coming to them—an arrangement to which her excel . lent father had made no sort of objection ; and she had remained with them ever since. Hany, the only one of her family who now cared what became of her, was gone a-wandering, nobody knew where. How strangely things had turned out! I had received no reply to the letter I had written under Miss Taylor's provocation there had not been tune. Mother—bless her!—had contrived somehow to send me a banker's draft for a sufficient sum to cover travelling expensee, with a mysterious exhor tation to "come, if I could;" and I had eagerly made arrangements with my bishop and parish/and taken ship without an hour's un necessary delay. i had come for my. answer .now—come to the cathedral, where every sevent of my life had had its tender sanctifi cation: and, though I did not doubt that it ' would fulfil all my desires, the magnitude of !the issues at stake was such that I was afraid to receive it. . As if she had only waited for me to recover possession of myself, Mary did not turn her head until 1 had risen to my feet and suc ceeded in my effort to give some proper attention to the service. She .was singing the ppslms, (though her sweet soprano was i drowned in the volume Of voices rolling between her . and me), when the clanking swords of two or three of the militia officers,. coming in from the parade-ground and tip toeing up the nave, caused her involuntarily to low away from her book and towards the spot where 1 waa standing. In a moment her absent eyes became wide and fixed, and her lips parted as she gasped for breath. Her pale face flushedand flamed,, as mine had done, and faded again to such a ghastly whiteness that J thought at first she tfas going tp faint. Then, as I gripped the hack of the bench before me with both hands, and leaned forward to beg.dumbly. for the loving reoog nition j hhd so long pictured and pined for, an exprasion came into it—not a smile, hut a light that, suddenly and dazzlingly, illumi nated my inmost soul She turned away then, and looked at nothing but the east .window. I did not mind it. I was quite satisfied now, and I gave mvself sincerely to the service I professed to be engaged in. I wrapped her round and round in all my prayers and thanksgivings, but they went none the less straightly to the feet of God, I know. When the last amen had died away, she rame slowly down from her stall with .Mrs. Devereux and the colonel, who were also aware of me by this time.; and then I, seeing the three officers hovering about with the manifest intention of joining them, turned and walked towards the north door, with a pang of that unreasonable jealousy and dis appointment peculiar to lovers in my position. The dean went out, the canons went out, and the officers went out and clattered away .by themselves, staring as they passed me with rather unfriendly curiosity. Colonel ana Mrs. Devereux thereupon came up. to me, with a cordial and affectionate greeting, and as I was stammering the best response l was capable of, my eyes were fixed on Mary's face. I was hurting .her pretty fingers in my Tough clutch, and jealousy and disappointment had departed from me for ever. We all turned in at an iron-studded door; passed through a trim shady garden, and entered an antique old house, and an exquisite room, where was grouped a tea table, and comfortable chairs and sofas, round a brightly-burning fire. At this tea table we haa a tremendous gossip. About Nether by, about my church in the moun tains, about Charlie Cavendish and dear sweet Nelly, about little Hugh, whom I had left with friends in Melbourne, and about i Hugh's art treasures, with which. I in i tended, for an adequate consideration, to enrich the British nation—about Oracle's ' success as an amateur painter, about the peerless perfections of the colonel's son and heir, a little about Mary's recent experi ences, and, indeed, a little of nearly every thing. And then the dressing-bell rang, and Mrs. Devereux told me to go home and dress, and come back to dinner, if mother and Gracie would consent to such a thing. Of course mother and G racie consented, and did not show how they begrudged me. More over, they rummaged out my evening coat, which had been done up in pepper and calico I don't know how long (a dread of being con sidered eccentric having induced me to forego wearing it in the bush, except on state occa sions), polished my patent boots, and otherwise did their part in turning me out respectably. " Well, you do look nice, old Jim, ex claimed Gracie, giving me a vehement hug as soon as my toilet was completed. " I thought you'd get slovenly, do you know, and wear nasty collars and those horrid, low lived ties " „ . , "What are low-lived ties, my dear coloured ones ... . . "No, those great broad things. This is a little loveand she patted my infinitesimally slender bow admiringly, with her head on one side. "Yes, the bush hasn't altered you | a bit, except to make you handsomer." " Don't talk nonsense, child." "I don't intend to, Jim. Don't you pre tend to think yourself ugly, when I can see you smirking at the corners of your mouth all the time." With this, she helped me on with my over coat, gave me one more frautichug, and pushed. me out of the house. I fancied I was late, for the band was playing under the windows of theofficers'messroom at the principal hotel, as it only did at dinner time, and I met Colonel Devereux clanking along the pavement in his war paint within a few steps of the door. He told me he did not feel it necessary, I under the circumstances, to apologise for I leaving me to the ladies to. entertain, and I I assured him he was quite right. The I cathedral hells chimed half-past 7 as I I turned in at his garden door, but when I entered the drawingroom only Mary was I there. She was seated on a low chair, I between the glow of the fire and the dusky I daylight, with her head at rest, and her I hands looBely folded on her knees. She was quite simply dressed in black silk, and only I as I knew any English lady of her rank J would dress at that time of day; yet I was J so unaccustomed to seeing hare arms and I shoulders, even through a half-shadow of I veiling lace, that the. sight of hers almost | gave me pain, typifying, as they did, the habits that were her second nature, and the 1 luxuries she would have to sacrifice for my I sake. It was only for a moment, however. I I remembered Charlie's wife, and how her I equally high breeding had only enabled her the better to accommodate herself to her humble destiny, making her indifferent to the "pomp of outward circumstance" so essential to the happiness of the vulgar, j and giving her tnat true appreciation of the "fitness of things" which I I believe to be, not only the infallible test of good taste in common things, 1 but the germ of all the real beauty and refine ment of social life. " A gentleman can I 'rough it' when a cad can't," was a little article I of our Oxford creed, which I had never had I occasion to question. And therefore a lady. I Poverty to Nelly Cavendish was not a terrible I fate which precluded her from ever cutting I a dash to outshine her neighbours. J "Poverty," she said to me one day—audit ! was the only light in which her true heart I seemed to see it—" poverty, like the rest of ) the careB and troubles of married life, is but a I touchstone for faithful hearts." I thought I of the dear words now, as Mary came to meet I me, and I had a prophetic intuition of the (. courage and tenderness, the patient helpful jness, the divine self-abnegation which J ■ poverty, for my sake, would draw from hers. ). I took her in my arms, as she stood, and I I: held her—much in the way that Jacob held |;Bachel, I should imagine, when his years of I: service were accomplished. We did not I; move or speak. A little branch of a budding I; acacia tree scratching softly up and down the I window pane—the tod coals crackling.in the If fireplace and dropping white asnTinakes into lithe hearth—the clock on the chimneypiece I! tick, tick, ticking-^had the silence of the ] ; twilight to themselves. In that short rap {: tare our long arrears were paid up. : (I "Well," I said at last, in a husky under II tone. r " Yes," She whispered, with a sort of gasp; rand thereupon, as if a spell had ^een broken, 11 suddenly; failed in her effort to bear up calmly j;against the pressure of circumstances, ana J. began to sqh and cry. . , , , . I ; The cathedral chimes proclaimed a quarter {to 8, mid so I knew we were alone at jj least 12 or 13 minutes, and able for the first J time, after long years, to enjoy a confidential ]| conversation.: . This was all; we did by way of I! " improving the occasion.!' „ If Thedinner bell rang, and Mis. Devereux |; entered the drawingroom at,,the same I! moment. Simultaneously came. Mary and I {; back to earthy and the three of us descended 1 the old stone staircase, whose.soft carpets j| covered the hollows which sandalled feet of 1 dead and gone monks had worn away). I chatting and smiling as civilised mortals I' must. 1 Mrs. Devereux—when 1 had leisure to think about it—was wonderfully altered from the Kate Harding I bad known at Netherby. It was curious to see the stately manner m which she sat at the head of her table, _ with diamonds gleaming from her breast, and the royal way she had of giving an order to a servant, as if she had been accustomed to being waited upon all her life. I hepm to wonder whether she was like themajonty of those I had known, who had been raised above the sphere in which they were born, arid had become ashamed of the days when she was cook, housekeeper, and stocking darner to her old-fashioned father and harem-scarem sisters, and did not know what it was to have a hand's turn done for her. l remembered that very little had been said about Netherby and her colonial friendsi in our gossip round the afternoon tea-table, , though I had been too pre- occupiedwith my own affairs to pay much regard to it at the time. She seemed to have shunned the sub ject after her first inquiries had been satis fied. "Ah!" I reflected to myself, you show your . blood after all, Madaure Kate. It's no more than was to be expected. But I was wrong. The process that usually , extracts from human nature the latent snobbery which is bv no means a rare in- j gredient, had tested Mrs. Devereux well, ana , found her of sterling metal When, after , dinner, we were gathered round the fire in the drawingroom, all her tender heart spoke , out We had enough of Netherby then. " I am very happy, yet I miss them every dav," she said, with tears in her eyes and a twitching at the corners of her mouth. ' I would give all my wealth to go home and see them, and show them little Rolfe." " Why don't you ?" I asked. " Come and go by the two overland routes, and it would be a beautiful tour. Come back with us." She shook her head. " Colonel Devereux doesn't like the colony," she said. " He won't let me call it' home,'thoughI was horn there, and I am sure he will never take me back. He is very good and kind," she added quickly, "but of course he doesn't under stand that my birthplace can be to me what his is to him. Our family has only been 30 years in Australia, and bus has been hun dreds and hundreds in_ England. He thinks I was ill-used in my birth and bringing up, and that I am now restored to my proper rights and privileges." And she attempted a laugh, which nearly ended in a sob. "Humph!" I ejaculated, as I comprehended the facts of the case. " Then how does he reconcile himself to my taking Mary away, to 'waste her sweetness on the desert air f" .... „ " He doesn't reconcile himself to it at all she responded. And she looked significantly at Mary, who smiled and blushed, and drew her chair a few inches closer to mine. " He has tried his best to dissuade her, I can tell you." "Andwithout success( "Of course, without success. He had a great many good arguments, but they were overmatched by Mary's one. And now lie reluctantly admits that he ' supposes it can't be helped,' and resigns himself." Here, naturally, we fell into silence, and thedarkeBt picture of my darling's destiny that I had ever contemplated shaped itself out of the thoughts suggested to me. Was not Colonel Devereux right? And was I not wrong to allow her to make this irretrievable sacrifice, whose magnitude she was probably unable to comprehend? Was she not going out of a world full of ever-fresh and vigorous intellectual life, which was the very breath of her nostrils, to a sordid world of picks and spades, saying farewell not only to beloved faces, but to beloved books, and pictures, and treasures—noble monuments of a great past, noble prophecies of a greater future—to enter on a long warfare with petty thoughts and demoralising influences, with out any hope of returning to drink at the old wells of inspiration again? Would not her pursuit of art and science be evermore like the cliase of the wild huntsman in the German forests, her finer faculties and poetic aspirations like strong young birds with broken wings, looking over glimmering meadows and hazy hill-tops, far, far away? Would there not come an empty echo into her mind that had just lieen carpeted and fur nished, as it were, for life's festival time, and the gallant guests be represented by their unsubstantial ghosts or by the menials that waited on them—by low and little interests, or lovely memories and dreams ? It was a sore misgiving, but I think it was the last. Mrs. Devereux's voice broke in on my meditations. " It will be spring-time in Australia when you get there, Mary. Ah, you will see what the hush is like then! I am so glad you are going up into the bush and amongst the ranges; it will be better for you than Mel bourne—though Melbourne is not to be despised." " I won't deBpise it," answered Mary, "if only for the sake of that noble library Jim talks about. But I think I shall be happiest in the mountains." " How blue they look!" Mrs. Devereux went on musingly. '' Blue and bloomy, as if they had down on them like fruit. And such soft folds, one over the other! The snow will be coming down by the time you land, though there'll be some shining still on dear old Feather-top. The Murray will be bank high—shall you take her round by the river, Mr. Morris ?—and all the wattles will be in bloom. Ah, I can smell them now!" Mrs. Devereux's lips quivered, and she stared harder than ever at the fire. I glanced at Mary's contented face, and suddenly I beheld my little parsonage in a framework of flowers, with huge arms of an acacia drooping what seemed like thousands of white westeria blossoms in a scented shadow over it—a sanctuary of poetic, happy, restful life. I saw a little creek come tumbling out of a ferny gully, and babble along over great slate-coloured boulders, delicately fringed with maiden hair, and crusted with dark moss, and grey and golden lichen, and wind itself lovingly round my little home, glooming green unaer weeping willows, and gleaming white in the fresh spring grass that was thick with orchises as if they had been rained from heaven. I saw a great solemn mountain standing up in the luminous, transparent, delicate atmo sphere; so calm, so blue, so softly lighted, : so tenderly shadowed, surely expressing the ; true " sanctity of colour," as Buskin it, if there/be such a thing in so besmudged a .world. 0, how one's immediate surrounding, circumstances determine one's degree .of sensitiveness to poetic impressions 1 The bush of Australia had erewhile been to me a * isort of desert. 1 looked at it now. fn my: fond anticipations, and it had become A very ' Arcadia. . " I think you will be happy there," I said to Mary, when at last my heart was eased of1 its anxious doubts. 71 know I shall, dear. Jim,". she replied, qmety, Ana then we heard the. colonel tramping upstairs, with hie ewprd clattering against ' the balustrades, arid somehow we felt it advisable not to. talk about Australia any more, A. C. 