CAPTAIN MARRYAT. FIM;I)EE[CK MAEETAT, says the Allic nanum, was born in Westminster in 1702. He was of the really illustrious race of, vulgarly so-called, Cockneys, for not only men born within tho sound ol' Bow Bells, but those born within the limits that sound could reach, if universal silence reigned as tho bells rang ont, are Cockneys. That, at least, is the old tradition. The outliue of his life is soon drawn. Ho went to sea whoo a mere boy ; ho left it when a man in his prime ; but he had been in nbove a hundred engagements on land and sea. Ile earned rank and Itonour by the zealous part ho took in tho destruction of men, and much praise for having rescued from watery ¿raves almost ns many aa ho hilled. Thus the account was balanced. His novels began willi the Naval Officer, which was partly written before ho with- drew from active service, and they closed with those juvenile stories, out ol' which .alone ho made a handsome income. Books of travel, and a professional work or two, may bo included muong his literary efforts. Magazine writing he commenced in tho first number ol' tG Metropolitan, edited by Campbell, and rendered ponderous by tho insertion ol' n lecture on Ancient Geography xvmch'V Campbell bail previously read at the Lom!- J* on Institution. Marryol'scontrihution was thc first part ol'tho Pacha of Mauy Tales. Thcnoveliat affected thc utmost disregard for publishers, and tho most unreserved contempt for critics ; whereby we may seo that the gallant cap ts in was no fool nt driving a bargain, and very sensitivo as to public jugincnl on his books. Without ever completely cutting him- self »drift 1'rora literature, lie, in his later year.*, took to farming, on bis little estate nt Langham, Norfolk, flo tried hard not to be a gentleman farmer, but a real fanner ; aud bo dressed accordingly, and looked very like what he wauled to be. Tho result, however, was the usual crop which gentlemen farmers reap; and amid disappointment and severo affliction came ill-health, successive ruptures of small blood-vessels, decay, delirium, aud death .- A.J>. 1818. The sailor author was ono of fifteen eons and daughters, fomc of whom besides himself con- tributed to literature. He, for his part, was an idle, troublesome boy, wlio loved piny, could learn easily, and was flogged l'iiiitimiously. One of his masters once found bim standing on his head, book in band, in tho ncbool rown ! " He did so," lin said, '* boeause finding it impi s sr bio to master bis task on his feet, lin tried t'other tack!" lie was f.ir ever running away from Minni, and «ns always found at or near the s"a. Ile was allowed to have his own way, and in 1800 he was afloat in flin " Impe- rieuse." In that ngillin"; ship alone I lie; boy was in lifty engagements. After ono bloody affair he was laid out for dead by tho sido of others bet ween thc Runs, the fresh sea air blowing over them all. An officer who had not been in tho boarding nfl'air, which had cost so many victims, and who was an enemy nf tho lad, looked down on him aud said, " Here's a young cock who has doue crowing. Well, for a wonder, this chap has cheated the gallows!" Tho fresh air had brought tho "chap," how JOfâr, to his senses, and Marryat i ./untly exclaimed "You're a liar!" Whatever work tho "Imperieuse lind to do, all went well with her if the day was Sunday. Cochrane called upon his men to taco terrible dangers. Death and destruction stared the crew in (he face, but they smiled, and went on cheerily if they wore asked to do im- possibilities on a Sunday. No matter what the work, it was done then, and done nobly. In saving men from drowning, Marryat more than once nearly loBt his lifo. In describing his own experiences of drowning in a rough sea, ho said ho felt as if ho wcro cnlosod in waving green fields, which approached nearer and grew greener as his senses gradually forsook him. lt was like sinking down overpowered by sleep in the long, soft grass of a cool meadow. On ono occasion Marryal's gig upset ' in which wore himself, a middy, and an old bum-boat woman who could swim like a fish, but thc boy could not. Tho old woman struck out, and held up thc captain, who in vain called on her to leave him and save tho boy. " What," cried tho old lady, " hold upa midshipman when I can save the life of a captain ! Not I, indeed." Thero is a good ghost story In the book, of Marryat's brother Sam appearing to tho captain at night, when he had turned in, just to say, " Fred, I am dead," an announcement which, in course of time, proved to be true. We prefer a livelier «lyle of court life at Brighton, when Marryat and his wife wore sojourning there, and were among those who were invited to court : -" It was the custom at the Pavilion balls for their Majesties to receive their guests in an ante- chamber, where the ladies, having kissed tho Queen's hand, and been saluted in their turn upon the check by tho King, were generally engaged in a few gracious words of conversation before they passed through tho ballroom. Tlieso entertain- ments were usually graced by tho pre- sence of some of the F-; aud W F--'s favourite and elegant ex- pression, when waiting to escort the ladies of his acquaintance to the ball- room of ' Has dad bussed you yet ?' was as good aa evidence of his royal patcrni ly as lie could wish to carry about the world with him." Marryat was no favourite with the " sailor-king." Tho captain had written against tho impress- ment of seamen, and, in those days, such on act was nest to high treason-at least, when a naval captain wrote and a sailor-king reigned- As a candidate for Parliament Marryat was unsuccosful. He would not declaro himself unre- servedly hostile to flogging. An elector of tho Tower Hamlets .put tbe question to bim ; and Marryat replied that if tho elector or his sons, to whom he had alluded os of an age for the sea, should ever como under his (Marryat's) com- mand, and deserve a Hogging, he would j order it without hesitation 1 No wonder tho Tower Hamlets declined to be repre- sented by bim ! I 