LITERATURE. THE AMERICAN BARON. Chapter XXXIV.-— The Crisis op Life. When the Irish priest conjectured that it was about two o'clook in the morning he was not very far astray in his calculation. The Bhort remarks that were exchanged between him and Ethel, and afterward between him and the men, were fol lowed by a profound silence. Ethel sat by the side of the priest, with her head bent forward and her eyes closed aB though she were asleep ; yet sleep was farther from her than ever it had been, and the thrilling events of the night afforded sufficient material to keep her awake for many a long hour yet to come. Her mind was now filled with a thousand conflicting and most exciting fancies, in the midst of which she might again have sunk into despair had she not been sustained by the assurance of the prieBt. Sitting near Ethel, the priest for some time looked fixedly a- head of him, as though he were contemplating the solemn midnight scene, or meditating upon the beauties .of nature. In truth, the scene around was one which was deserving even of the close attention which the prieBt appeared to give. Immediately before him lay the lake, its ehore not far beneath, and almost at their feet. Around it arose the wooded hills, whose dark forms, darker from the gloom of night, threw profound shadows over the opposite shores. Near by the shores extended on either side. On the right there were fires, now burning low, yet occasionally sending forth flashes ; on the left, and at some distance, might be seen the dusky outline of the old stone house. Behind them was the forest, vast, erloomv. clothed in impenetrable shade, in which lay their only hope of safety, yet where even now there lurked the watchful guards of the brigands. It was close behind them. Once in its shelter, and they might gain freedom ; yet between them and it was an impassable barrier of enemies, and there also lay a still more impassable barrier in the grave where Hawbury lay. To fly, even if they oould fly, would be to give him up to death ; yet to remain, as they must remain, would be to doom him to death none the less, and themselves too. Seated there, with his eyes directed toward the water, the priest efew nothing of the scene before him ; his eyes were fixed on vacancy ; his thoughts were endeavouring to grappls with the situation, and master it. Yet so complicated was the situation, and so perplexing the dilemma in which he found himself— a dilemma where death perched upon either horn — that the good priest found his faculties becoming gradually more and more unable to deal with the difficulty, and he felt himself once more sinking down deeper and deeper into that abyss of despair from which he had but recently extricated himself. And still the time passed, and the precious moments, laden with the fate not only of Hawbury, but of all the others — the moments of the night during which alone any escape was to be thought of — moved all too swiftly away. Now in this hour of perplexity the good priest bethought him of a friend whose fidelity had been proved through the varied events of a life— a friend whfcb, in his life of celibacy, had found in his heart something of that place which a fond and faithful wife may hold in the heart of a more fortunate man. It was a little friend, a fragrant friend, a tawny and somewhat grimy friend ; it was in the pocket of his coat ; it was of clay ; in fact, it was nothing else than a dndeen. Where in the world bad the good priest who lived in this remote corner of Italy got that emblem of his green native isle ? Perhaps he had brought it with him in the band of his hat when he first turned his back npon his country, or perhaps he had obtained it from the same quarter which had supplied him with that very black plug of tobacco which he brought forth shortly afterward. The one was the complement of the other, and each was handled with equal love and care. Soon the occupation of cutting up the tobacco and rubbing it gave a temporary distraction to his thoughts, which distraction was 'prolonged by the further operation of pressing the tobacco into the howl of the dudeen. Here the priest paused and cast a longing look towards the fire, which was not far away. " Would you have any objection to let me go and get a coal to light the pipe ?" said he to one of the men. The man had an objection, and a very strong one. "Would one rf you be kind enough to go and get me a brand or a hot coal ?" This led to an earnest debate, and finally one of the men thought he might venture. Before doing so, however, a Bolemn promise was extorted from the priest that he would not try to escape daring his absence. This the priest gave. "Escape!" he said— "it's a smoke I want. B: sides, how can I escape with three of ye watch ing me ? And then, what would I want to escape lor ? I'm safe enough here." The man now went off, and returned in a short time with a brand. The priest gave him his blessing, and received the brand with a quiet exultation that was pleasing to behold. _ " Matches," said he " ruin the smoke. They give it a sulphur taste. There's nothing like a hot ooaL" Saying this, he lighted his pipe. This opera tion was accomplished with a series of thoBe short, quick, hard, percussive puffs with which the Irish race in every clime on this terrestrial ball perform the solemn rite. And now the thoaghts of the priest became more oalm and regular and manageable. His con fusion departed, and gradually, as the smoke as cended to the skies, there was diffused over his soul a certain soothing and all- pervading calm. He now began to face the full difficulty of his position. He saw that escape was impossible and death inevitable. He made up his mind to die. The discovery would surely be made in the morning that Hawbury had been substituted for the robber ; he would be found and punished, and the priest would be involved in his fate. His only care now was for Ethel ; and he turned his thoughts toward the formation of some plan by which he might obtain mercy for her. He was in the midst of these thoughts — for him self resigned, for Ethel anxious — and turning over in his mind all the various modes by which the emotion of pity or mercy might be roused in a merciless and pitiless nature ; he was thinking cf an appeal to the brigands themselves, and had al ready decided that in this there lay his best hope of success— when all of a sudden these thoughts were rudely interrupted and dissipated and scat tered to the winds by a most startling cry. Ethel started to her feet. " Oh Heavens !" she cried, " what was that ?" " Down ! down !" cried the men, wrathfully ; but before Ethel could obey the sound was re peated, and the men themselves were arrested by it. The sound that thus interrupted the medita tions of the priest was the explosion of a rifle. As Ethel started up another followed. This excited the men themselves, who now listened intently to learn tbe cause. They did not have to wait long. Another rifle explosion followed, which was succeeded by a loud, long shriek. " An attack !" cried one of the men, with a deep curse. They listened still, yet did not move away from the place, for the duty to which they had been assigned was still prominent in their minds. The priest had already risen to his feet, still smoking his pipe, aB though in this new turn of affairs its assistance might be more than ever needed to enable him to preserve his presence of mind, and keep his soul serene in the midst of confusion. And new they saw all around them the signs of agitation. Figures in swift motion flitted to and fro amidst the shade, and others darted past the smouldering fires. In the midst of this another shot sounded, and another, and still another. At the third there was a wild yell o'< rage and pain, followed by the shrill cry of a woman's voice. The fact was evident that some of the brigands had fallen, and the women were lamenting. The confusion grew greater. Load cries arose ; calls of encouragement, of entreaty, of command, and of defiance. Over by the old house there was the uproar of rushing men, and in the midst of it a loud, stern voice of command. The voices and the rushing footsteps moved from the house frt VPAfkfla. Than all woo of ill a ftiMA W VMM WVMW A UVU uu woe DU&IJL; xui CM kfliuc It was but for a short time, however. Then came shot after shot in rapid succession. The flashes could be seen among the trees. All around them there seemed to be a struggle going on. There was some unseen assailant striking terrific blows from the impenetrable shadow of the woods. The brigands were firing back, but they fired only into thick darkness. Shrieks and yells of pain arose from time to time, the direction of which showed that the brigands were suffering. Among the assailants there was neither voice nor cry. But, in spite of their losses and the disadvantage under which they laboured, the brigands feught well, and resisted stubbornly. From time to time a loud, stern voice arose, 'whose commands resounded far and wide, and sustained the courage of the men and directed their move ments. The men who guarded the prieBt and Ethel were growing more and more excited every moment, and were impatient at their enforced inaction. " They must be soldiers," said one. " Of course," said another. " They fight well." " Ay ; better than the last time.' " How did they learn to fight so well under cover ?" " They've improved. The last time we met them we shot them like sheep, and drove them back in five minutes." "They've got a leader who understands fighting in the woods. He keeps them under cover." " Who is he ?" " Diavolo ! who knows ? They get new captains every day." "Was there not a famous American Indian — " " True. I heard of him. An Indian warrior from the American forests. Giuseppe saw him when he was at Rome." " Bah ! — you all saw him." " Where ?" " On the road." " We didn't." " You did. He was the Zouave who fled to the woods first." " He ?" " Yes." " Diavolo !" These words were exchanged between them as they looked at the fighting. But suddenly there came rapid flashes and rolling volleys beyond the fires that lay before them, and the movement of 1 the flashes showed that a rush had been made toward the lake. Wild yells arose, then fierce returning fires, and these showed that the bri gands were being driven back. The guards could endure this no longer. " They are heating us," cried one of the men, with a curse. " We must go and fight." " What shall we do with these prisoners ?" " Tie them and leave them.'' " Have yeu a rope ?" " No. There is one by the grave." "Let's take the prisoners there and bind them." This proposition was accepted; and, seizing the priest and Ethel, the four men hurried them iaok to the grave. The square hole lay there just beside them, with the earth by its side. Ethel tried to see into it, but was not near enough to do so. One of the men found the rope, and began in great haste to bind 'be arms of the priest behind him. Another began to bind Ethel in the same way. Bat now there came loud cries, and the rush of men near them. A loud, stern voice was en couraging the men. " On ! on !" he cried. " Follow me ! We'll drive them back !" Saying this, a man hurried on, followed by a score of brigands. It was Girasole. He had been guarding the woods at this side when he bad seen the rush that had been made farther up. He had seen his men driven in, and was now hurrying up to the place to retrieve the battle. As he was running on he came up to the party at she grave. He stopped. " What's this ?" he cried. - " The prisoners — we were securing them." It was now lighter than it had been, and dawn was not far off. The features of Girasole were plainly distinguishable. They were convulsed with the most furious passion, which was not caused so much by the rage of conflict as by the sight of the prisoners. He had suspected treachery on their part, and had spared them for a time only so as to see whether his suspicions were true or not. But now this sudden assault by night, conducted so skilfully, and by such a powerful force, pointed clearly to treachery, bb he saw it, and the ones who to him seemed most prominent in guilt were the priest and Ethel. His suspicions were quite reasonable under the circumstances. Here was a priest whom he re garded as his natural enemy. These brigands identified themselves with republicans and Gari- baldians whenever it suited their purpose to do so, and consequently, as such, they were under the condemnation of the Pope ; and any priest might think he was doing the Pope good service by betraying those who were his enemies. As to this priest, everything was against him. He lived close by ; every step of the country was no doubt familiar to him ; he had come to the camp under very suspicious circumstances, bringing with him a stranger in disguise. He had given plausible answers to the cross-questioning of Girasole ; but those were empty words, which went for nothing in the presence of the living fectB that now stood before him in the presence of the enemy. These thoughts had all occurred to Girasole, and the eight of the two prisoners kindled hie rage to madness. It was the deadliest purpose of ven geance that gleamed in his eye as he looked upon them, and they knew it. He gave one glance, and then turned to his men. " On ! on !" he cried ; " I will join you in an instant ; and you," he said to the guards, " wait a moment." The brigands rushed on with shouts to assist (heir comrades in the fight, while the other four waited. All this time the fight had not ceased. The air was filled with the reports of rifleshot?, the shouts of men, the yells of the wounded. The flashes seemed to be gradually drawing nearer, as though the assailants wore still driving the brigands. But their progress was slow, for the fighting was carried on among the trees, and the br gauds re sisted stubbornly, retreating from cover to cover, and stopping every moment to make a fresh stand. But the assailants had ga nec much ground, and were already close by the borders of the lake, and advancing aiong toward the old stone house. The robbers had not succeeded in binding their prisoners. The priest, and Ethel both stood where they had encountered Girasole, and the ropes fell fllA La. J. .A aL A ! A. M LUULI vile iuuucra uuuub ut tue new iuierrupuOD. The grave, with its mound, was only a few feet away. Girasole had a pistol in his left hand and a sword in his right. He sheathed his swotd and drew another pistol, keeping his eyes fixed steadily all the while upon his victims. "You needn't bind these prisoners," said Gira sole grimly j " I know a better way to secure them." " In the name of God," cried the priest, " I implore you not to shed innocent blood !" " Pooh !" said Girasole. " This lady is innocent ; you will at least spare her?" "She shall die first!" said Girascle, in a fury, and reached out his hand to grasp Ethel. The priest flung himself forward between the two. Girasole dathed him aside. " Give us time to pray, for God's sake !— one moment to pray !"' " Not a moment !" cried Girasole, grasping at Ethel. Ethel gave a loud shriek and started away in horror. Girasoie sprang after her. The four men turned to seize her. With a wild and frantic energy, inspired by the deadly terror that was in her heart, she bounded nway toward the grave. Chapter XXXV.— Buried Alive. Hawbury last vanised from the scene to a place which is but seldom resorted to by a living man. Onoe inside of his terrible retreat he became a prey to feelings of the most varied and harrowing character, in the midst of wnich there was a suspense, twofold, agonising, and intolerable. First of ail his suspense was for Ethel, and then for himself In that narrow and restricted retreat hiB semes soon became sharpened to an unusual degree of acuteness. Every touch against it communicated itself to his frame, as though the wood of his inclosure had become part of himself ; and every sound intensified itself to an extraordinary degree of distinctness, as though the temporary loss of vision had been compen sated for by an exaggeration of the sense of hearing. This was particularly the case as the priest drove in the screws. He heard the shuffle on the stairs, the whisper to Ethel, her retreat, and the ascending footsteps ; while at the same time he was aware of the unalterable coolness of the prieBt, who kept calmly at his work until the very last moment. The screws seemed to enter his own frame, and the slight noise which was made, inaudible a? it was to others, to him seemed loud enough t. < all in the house. Then be felt h mat!! raised and carried down stairs. FortunateJ\ uv hud got in with his feet toward the door, and as iliac end was carried out first, his descent of the stairs was uot attended with the incouvt niencc which he might have felt had it been taken down m an opposite di rection. One fact gave him very great relief, for he had feared that his breathing would be difficult. Thanks, however, to the precautions of the priest he felt no difficulty at all in that respect. The little bitB of wood which prevented the lid from resting close to the coffin formed apertures which freely admitted all the air that was neces sary. He was borne on thus from the house toward the grave, and heard the voice of the priest from time to time, and rightly supposed that the remarks of the priest were addressed not so much to the brigands as to himself, so as to let him know thatfae was not deBCrted.JjThe journey to the grave was accomplished 'without any incon venience, .and the ooffin was a length put upon the ground. _ ; , . Then it was lowered into the . , There was something in this whj' wss so horrible |o Hawbury that an in voluntary shudder passed through every nerve,; and all the iejrxor of the grave and the, bjitternpessof dqath in that one moment seemed to desqend dpnn him. Hehaff not thought of this, and consequently was not prepared for it. He had expected that he wonld be put down somewhere on the ground, and that the priest would be able to get rid of the men, and effect his liberation before he had gone so far. It required an effort to prevent himself from crying ou,t ; and longer efforts were needed and more time before he oould regain any portion of his 6elf>control. He now heard the priest per forming the burial rites ; these seemed to him to be protraoted to an amazing length; and so, indeed, they were ; but to the inmate of that " grave the time seemed longer far than it did to those who were outside. A thousand- thoughts swept through his mind, and a thousand fears swelled within his heart. At last the suspicion came to him tbet the priest himself, was unable to do any better, and this suspicion was con firmed as he detected the efforts which he made to get the men to leave the grave. This was particularly evident when he pretended to hear an alarm, by which he hoped to get rid of the brigands. It failed, however, and with this failure the hopes of Hawbury sank lower than ever. But the climax of his horror was attained aB j the first clod fell upon his narrow abode. It J seemed like a death-blow. He felt it as if it had struck himself, and for a moment it was as though he bad been stunned. Tbe dull, heavy sound which those heard who stood above, to his ears became transformed and enlarged, and extended to something like a thunder-peal, with long re verberations through his now fevered and dis tempered hrain. Other clods fell, and still others, and the work went on till his hrain reeled, and nnder the mighty emotions of the hour his reason began to give way. Then all hie fortitude aud courage sank. All thought left him Bave the consciousness of the one horror that had now fixed itself upon his soul. It was intolerable. In another moment his despair would have over mastered him, and under its impulse he would have burst through all restraint, and turned all his energies towards forcing himself from his awful prison house. He turned himself over. He gathered himself up as well as he could. Already he was bracing himself for a mighty effort to burst up tbe lid, when suddenly the voice of Girasole struck upon his ear, and a wild fear for Ethel came to his heart, and the anguish of ti at fear checked at once all further thought of himself. He lay still aud listened. He did this the more patiently as the men also stopped from their work, and as the hideous earth-clods no longer fell down. He listened. From the conversation he gathered pretty accurately the state of affairs. He knew that Ethel was there ; that she had been dis covered and dragged forth; that she was in danger. He listened in the anguish of a new sus pense. He heard the words of the priest, hi? calm denial of treachery, his quiet appeal to Gira- sole's good sense. Then he heard the decision of Girasole, and the party walked away with their prisoners, and he was left alone. Alone! At any other time it would have been a terrible thing thus to be left alone in such a place, but now to him who was thus imprisoned it afforded a great relief. The work of burial, with all its hideous accompaniments, was stayed. He could collect his senses and make up his mind as to what he should do. Now, first of all, he determined to gain more air if possible. The earth that had fallen had covered up many of the chinks, so that his breathing had become sensibly more difficult. Hip confinement, with this oppression of his breathing, was in tolerable. He therefore braced himself once more to make an effort. The coffin was large and rudely constructed, being merely an oblong box. He had more play to his limbs than he could have had in one of a more regular construction, and thus he was able to briDg a great effort to bear upon the lid. He pressed. The screws gave way. He lifted it up to some distance. He drew in a long draught of fresh air, and felt in that one draught that he received new life and strength and hope. He now lay still and thought about what he should do next. If it had oaly been himself, he would, of course, have escaped in that first instant, and fled to the woods. But the thought of Ethel detained him. What wbb her position ; and what could he do to save her ? This was his thought. He knew that she, together with the priest, was in the hands of four of the brigands, who were csmmanded to keep their prisoners safe at the peril of their lives. Where they were he did not know, nor could he tell whether she was near or at a distance. Girasole had led them away. He determined to look out and watch. He perceived that this grave, in the heart of the bri gands' camp, afforded the very safest place in which he oould be for the purpose of watching. Girasole's words had indicated that the work of burial would not be resumed that night, and if any passers-by should come they would avoid such a place as this. Here, then, he could stay until dawn at least, and watch unobserved. Perhaps he could find where Ethel was guarded ; perhaps he could do something to distraot the attention of the brigands, and afford her an opportunity for flight. He now arose, and, kneeling in the coffin, he raised the lid. The earth that was upon it fell down inside. He tilted the lid up, and holding it u? thus with one hand, he put his head care fully out of the grave, and looked out in the direction where Girasole had gone with his prisoners. The knoll to which he had led them was a very conspicuous place, and had probably been selected for that reason, since it could be under his own observation, from time to even at a distance. It was about half-way between the grave mid the nearest fire, which fire, though low, still gave forth some light, and the light wbb in a line with the knoll to Hawbury 's eyes. The party on the knoll, therefore, appeared thrown out into relief by the faint fire-light behind them, especially the priest and Ethel. And now Hawbury kept his watob, and looked and listened and waited, ever mindful of bis own immediate neighbourhood and guarding carefully against any approach Hat his own place was in i . B»t all hJ toward finding g ®ium Re a«ri.t He saw the, Once or twie|E. w hut it was sLv amonM as Nc&oalate; the cehnterbalai? sole's cruelty, and hi ePer waee jJ character. '' kn9"W«e of hi, Suddenly he was roused the confuBion that followed Ha® nfle'8ht and their feet £« ?® 8S? j Succeeded She - first iS shadows darting to and fro. XbL?: \ fijew worae,wHi uil ihesonnLoii the cries, the shrieks, and the mand. ' . - tern Worhof com- . A11, fitted him with hope. An made. They might all be see that the brigands Were beinedri that the assailant. were pteeSL MLji saw the put, moving from theknoii. n already much lighter. Thev \ him. He tank down and waitea?"a hri"4 "the -Maiiante wonldES! ? them and lead them on to the re.f alT He lay now with the lid over him. H. ' them close behind him. Then thereSaU noise of rushing men, and Giraanlft'. «.- e He heard all that followed. ar<e- I Then Ethel's shriek sounded out. as 1 toward the grave. In an in, tact theoanS ' The effect was tremendous. ' ' . The brigands thought the dead u i' come to life. They did not stop to look but w'fu a howl of awful terror, and in liZl? fright, they turned and ran for their lives Giraeoleeaw him too, with eqnal horror if gr,eater; .7.. It was the mw whom he had killed stone-dead with his own hw? He was there before him— or was it his ghost? For an instant horror paralysed him » ani With a yell like a madman'! he Ed7A ned after the others.— -From "Harper's Ma?azm» » (TO BE OONTISBED.) 