AUSTRALIAN TALES. BY EDWIN M. MERBALL. THE HAUNTED CAMP. Tom Harris and I, Frank, had just clinched a bargain with a squatter at Two fold Bay for the purchase of a small mob of cattle, intended for the Melbourne market, and our next step was to secure an addi tional hand to assist in their transport. So we rode clown to a neighboring shanty, ^ thinking that resort the most likely spot to obtain one. As we entered, the publican was just in the act of handing to a dissipated but sturdy -looking man a lemonade bottle filled with brandy. 'Now,' said mine host, ' take that and slide, or I'll give you six months tinder the vag.' The' individual thus addressed Bulkily took the bottle, but not the ' ' sliding ' ad-! vice, as he seated himself in the verandah outside, evidently bent upon enjoying the liquor at his ease. . ' What was that you said ?' asked Tom, laughing. 'Why, sir, 'said bonif ace, 'I told him I'ud shove him in, under the 'Vagabond Act, if he don't hook it. He has spent all his money long ago, and now he's been loafing about here for the last two or three days, and won't clear out, and I think it^high time he went and earned some more ;' and mine host of the 'Black Dragon' flopped his dirty duster about indignantly. Long before the publican had finished speaking, Tom had glanced out in the veran dah, to make sure the man had not gone. 'Do you know if he is accustomed to cattle ?' queried I. The landlord thought he was, and in answer to the call of Jack the man forth with appeared. He more than satisfied our' questions. Was 'used to cattle,' he said, ; indeed ho did very little else, and what was -more sat isfactory, he knew the ' run of the country', through which we would pass better than any man hereabouts ; and he; -further mut tered something about having lived out there once. ! This was fortunate, as it so (happened just now we were rather 'boxed, up.' ??? Our cattle had been secured on easy 'terms, but how to get them on to the main 'Gipps- Land road was a puzzle, at least to .us. It was a scorching hot season, and what little grass the sun had left a devastating ;- bush fire had devoured. From Twofold Bay ?? to the Tumut, on the Sydney side, we heard of its ravages, and from the Murray head down that river on the Victorian border,- and away back through the Snowy Ranges, goodness knew how far. ' If we were desirous to got our fat cattle to market in the same condition, ?; the only ' feeding track ' available lay. through the terrible country of the Genoa:- and Maneroo. By 'terrible,' I mean from an overlander's point of view, for the whole 'country there abouts is a perfect chaos. Dense masses of' mountains, broken, tumbled,- and. jumbled together in the most awful but magnificent confusion. Deep gullies, bottomless gorges, ? ravines and precipices, and the whole shrouded in an almost impenetrable scrub.: This is what a stranger would have to con tend against. But there wore -ways of get ting through if one only know the 'run' of the country, and our now erttploye- ha.il an-' nounced that none knew it better. : We were under way early* next - morning, . and made good progress. Jack had' not de ceived us as to his knowledge' of 'this' locality. Under his guidance* wo vwould- find ourselves steering through a: strip of. com paratively open country, often;* not -more than a few furlongs wide ; this jstrip would bo bounded on the west by. ? a - veritable*-.' Scylla of scrub, and on the east- by a Gharyb-V dis of jumbled up gorges. Nowvand-jagairi, we would run slap into a bolt; oE.whipstick, or plunge into a gully of almost . .impene trable musk scrub, but under \itho, skilful' guidance of our new hand wewwbuldKsafoly ' and rapidly emcrgo therofrqnvsaridupick'iup, the strip again — the thread of/,tlrisitrabkles^; maze. ? ? ? '-! Old Jack was a first-class rstoGkm.au, v- and ?' he rode the mob with great 'judgment. -\ I Alii1 day long we could hear his sixteon'fobt- lasli ; cracking in the timber, and inow.vandf again; lie broke out in snatches of song — - \ And we satlort away from UotanyUuy, i .'! On board tho Kangaroo, V, to the tune of Dublin Bay. i ; This was his particular fancy.H. Itiis-notia ' breach of confidence to'say that Jack-was- an ' ' old hand,' in faot he admitted -the 'softuui-' ? poaohmont readily enough; explaining, -how-; over, that it was a mere matter of poach- -:- ing. „ ? ? Christmas morning broke, and old Sol ; arose, from his lurid couch, red a.ijd angry,' intimating plainly onough that if ho lnul never sulliciently well roasted the inhabi- ' tants of this terrestrial globe before, ho was about to do himself that pleasure on this particular day. ' It's going to be a scorcher;' said Tom; how far will the stage be to-day, Jack?' But this simple question appeared to non plus our stockman altogether. He faced briskly round ; his hand flew up to his throat, and a pale scared look flitted across his face. 'Ain't to-day Christmas ?' he asked. 'Yes ; anything wrong ? Ain't you well ? Out of our course V' 'NoJ nothing much WTong, oftly we'll have, to camp to-night on the fHauntedStream'.'' ' The deuce we shall,'' said Tom, f .'and is it really haunted V' he , added' with comical gravity. ? ; ? ' And not only on the Haunted Stream,', quoth Jack,- ?without noticing ( the question,' 'but on the Haunted Camp too;'- and as necessity became evident to. our- stockrider,;; he looked more aghast than ever. : 'Oh-h !' exclaimed Tommy, :asif hahad received a punch in the region of the abdo men, ' now ? that's becoming serious'; 'we:, shall be doubly haunted ; .like that French chap hi Ingoldsby, eh Frank ?' this to your servant. ? . ? ? -?; 'It can't be 'helped,' :.^muaed-i Jack,, gravely, as if talking to himself . 'There is', neither -water nor ? much feed, -for ? nearly-.a.,' day's stage beyond.' 'Never .mind,Pnever,. mind, old hoss,' says chuckling .Tommy, ' ' we'll camp there and ohance it. By Jove, I wouldn't lose the 'slant' of seeing a colonial ghost' for- the best bullock; in the mob. .1 say, my boy,' continued he, 'the f hosts in the old country are all white, you now ; I suppose they are all black here, like the swans, eh 2' Old Jack was just in the act of inserting his foot in the stirrup, but at this sally he turned half round, with his foot still raised in the air. ' Jes so,' said he, -with a meaning expres sion in his eyes. ' You've lagged the right idea this time ; they are black. Aye, aye, mister,' he muttered, throwing himself into the saddlo, ' laugh away ; but I guess as how 3roii'll laugh on the tother side of yer face afore this time to- morrow.' .The fact was,- my mate, was t-the.. .wrong. \ 3ort of man to believe im ghosts. vSAWfew?; years ago Tom ???held a.;.good';billet-in:j bhe Sydney Treasury, but taking 'the. buff,' ashe phrased it;at some appointment being mado'over hishead, he resigned, and his romantic, and , adventurous disposition led him to adopt the wildest life Australia vffords. A gold-miner, a wattle bark stripper, a pearl sooker, a kangaroo hunter, le had been by turns, but the reckless, un irammelled life of an 'overlander' ap peared to suit him best. . Hence it wasthat Com and 1, Frank, were ' droving '/'beef ;o the Melbourne market. i The day proved, i as-.Tonvprephesied, a veritable scorcher. : OldiSolvidid his best to ' brown ' our cabbage-trees,:bnt-we made fair -rogress, for all that; even with -theiprospect -fthe ' Haunted Camp .'?'?: at the end. of. our itage. Shortly after, mid-day, up*, rode 'old Jack. 'I say, mister,' ?- said he, '.'.ain't^yer got lome brandy ?' We admitted we had. 'i The iquor was carried to meet such an. emergency is a snake bite, or a ducking. ' Well1 then, ust give us a swig or-two,-- will yer?- I orter feel as if I was agoing to. have a- touch if the blue devils. I allers do .after a heavy mrst — like my last — and then I go ; stark, taring, ramping, raving mad.' Tho brandy flask was handed him, al hough we didn't believe in tho D. T. threat. rVo had been several days on .the road, and rack, appeared to be all right. Shortly before sundown we - struck the . tamp ; and I ? never saw a better one. A nagnificont flat* enclosed on two sides*by_ a unning. creek, i and covered knee-deep with uxuriant green grass. Wo -wore delighted, and didn't quarrel irith ? old Jack when he rolled off the saddle, iretty woll drunk. It was evident Jack had -lungcd rather deeply into the flask, and ,ltkough ho managed to keep his balance in he saddle, ? ho ? couldn't do tho same by-his Dga. So. his -horse was hobbled and turned ait with' the. spare ones, as we concluded ds master would. not be available if wanted, lut.our.'own were iricketed and ready for iniergencies. i Then'twe* pitched the tent, and spreading 'a'ck's- blankets at the further end dragged hatAVOrthyanjiand spread him out too. ''Iv.wmder, '?'??-. said Tom, 'if the .old. wiper. 'will'getUtho horrors. Rather awk ward t6;liaveiajanadman on our hands. I've ,;i-g6ddvimindi.td short-hobble him, justvby iray of (precaution.' it-But»my; opinion was that tho D. T. threat vaslalltnonsonso, and that for some reason ir n another !\\-the old man got purposely Lrunk. ? ''t.Thdibilly.iwasdjoilod, and anovorlander's oa^'consistjngiiof a couplo of boxes of.sar lines.iv f rieili liri -(thoir own oil, . -. and a fresh larnper,Hxwateithoroughly enjoyed, and then, eated(onfa-;],ogji(indHstriously; pullingAaway to-tlic fififrwigraut,' we watched 'the.'! young noon-.-'getiibrigliter and brighter as -the day iglitrtdeolinecl. AvAiid wo1 listened- to tho niggeringpofi^tthe'! opossums over in tho imbor ;i-'tplittho''|(squeaiing : chirrup of the lyiiigf(squirrcli:;V:to!v.the..' saw-sawing of tho ?ears, inand'.to'i-tho farewell laugh- of the xckass. . .??????' '.VAli ^exclaimed Tom-suddenlyjt.with-an. .cc'ont'ohdismay. iMy'oyes-.followedrthe-djU; ootionundicated byihisiijipe,i!,and!restod!i on'/i , small: cloud'' just oropping. 'ovor^thavhori- ' ,on. / . . ..-.. ? , .... ;- ' ' . . . ?? ' ?'?' 'I hope that 'cloh't' pbiiond-a-storm,' ho ontinucd, ' but -I'm afraid it does, audit's icon awfully aultrj' to-day.'.. ... , .But nil wo could do was to drive the tent icgs ;i little firmer, and t' on sit still and rntoh. l?onn a number of larger cloudu fol lowed, and went climbing up the sky as if bent upon assailing the moon,, and so they kept increasing in number, density and. speed until they covered the . entire . firmament, like foam-lashed waves of the sea, -and' the moon was plunging and beating among them like a goodly ship riding at anchor. And yet around us not a leaf stirred ;' but suddenly a fault, far-distant murmur smote upon our listening ears, and kept increasing in volume and sounds .until with a roaring, rushing crash,' the storm burst upon us. We were in the tent by this time, and held on to it. as ? well ? as we -could- rfrom'.v the inside./' ?Branches -were scattered in .all directions as the winditore through the timber, bringing in! ;.ita ? train 'iligntning.n.. thunder, --.raiii, ? and' -.a noiso. like the crashing of .ten thousand hoofs -. through '.-.the /forest ; '-and the wind shrieked and screamed,' the lightning Hashed inces santly, -tho:'. thunder roared, rolled, ? and .crashed. ; .and. the. intervals iwere filled up' by .the;pattering downpour of rain. We.did .noti^tryto speak ; wo.: only heLTon, to ?'the ?tent and Tjaited/ peering anxionsly the while through the; tent opening, out upon the flat. -The. cattle, were' -all clumped- together in jthe:centrej'Ond'we' were: congratulating .our tselves .they «would' take it. quietly.'- rBut sud denly. a luridv andnnaccountoble, glow, shone ;all:over-Jthe-flat. * A.hundred- lights, like sp many -camp fires, -?arose,-- as -2 from -the -ground ;? and a dense volumeof ' smoke rolled over them. ' But the smoke took such fan tastic shapes that it resembled a multitude of blacks rolling, . tumbling,, and falling, about, and borne towards us came a terrible sound— a sound of shrieking and of scream ing, as of human beincs suffering some' great agony. ., , ? . ...... The fires sparkled, and then sank, as suddenly as they had appeared, the shriek ing died away in a low. wail, and the whole phantasmagoria melted away. Before we had time to turn to each other in astonishment, we were horrilied by hear ing that snapping, screeching, groaning noise, such as a largo tree makes when coming down by the roots. It sounded just at the back of the tent, as if coming right down-iupono us, although I fancied we -had ipitchedi'the jftentl clear of jail, timber. It lfell;withra'greatrorash,-i apparently all-round the;tent,sbut. the tent. was;. untouched ; and '.again: ouffblood-curdled -in; horror^ as a. series orjterribly'agonisedvand^humari-like shrieks sounded'^.this /timai all i around us. All'.tliis' had joccurre'd so rapidly^.that be yond exclamations^ of iastonishment and terror, nothing vhad- -been ? . said. Suddenly my. .mate, .??IeaningJforward,: shouted- in my ear — '.They've broke !' It wostoo i true. \ 'The^cattle, . teridfied by the ? phenomenon r. on^-. the '.-flat, ; had - bolted. To seize our -saddles,-* and. rush out, was the iwork of a moment. ? '-Mine --was on quick 'pnough, but. Tom's horse/was- rearing -and dancing around his picket'-pin, and he ap peared to have, some difficulty in approach ing it. ' The next moment I was flying along in the thundering footsteps of the rapidly retreat ing mob. .The storm waa passing away, but it. was still pitch dark, and the galloping ground heavily timbered. Still I had confidence in my horse.- I knew he would carry me clear of timber and branches, although on more than one occasion, immediately /following a flash of lightning, . I fancied uny leg brushed - a trunk or- two; but the same sensation would bo caused by the merest. bit of vscrub. So I still held on in. the track of the 'flying herd. Very soon I found- myself - alongside nthe ? mob. The horse now.- knew his iwork,-}iw.hich' consisted in simply ridingtithe;-.»wingi!in ; always supposing my materwasridoing^the same- on tho other side, and- sovworkingnup, we woiild steady the mob, sand (.creeping ahead finally halt them. ? But it soon became evident thatiinsteadof beating-in the wing I was onlyvv swerving' the frightened cattle from their direct-course,' and this fact told me, at once, thati. there1 was no rider on the other side. ; ;?'? ?In such a situation one rider wasaiseless,i- so the horse was pulled, v and, montally ' wishing the cattle good speed, I turhed.'his head, trusting entirely to \ the animal's..in' istmcts to find the road back. ; «? '- i.The storm had passed over. Nothing.now ;remained of it but a huge ? black ffcloiid,' irapidly^- disappearing far over the southern' ihorizon stand,' like a flying battery^ o£'/artil-'' rlery^ftho (incessant flashes of-lightning^icoiild1 ? stillvbo-'seon-iBsuing from'itj-and tlioigrowl-' ?ing; of 'the -'thunder still heard in thditdis tance. ; ; The horse. earned me straight backto.the tent. Anxious Tom was standing outside in the moonlight. ' Gibbed,:my boy V';\was ? his queried salutation. ' ' I?m : glad yomdid.' Wouldn't do much single-handed ; ahdany' warrigal of a horse broke, and took after-the cattle on his own account.' So we went: inside, and over our pipes discussed the ? phenomenon soon on tho , flat. '.' It's vory curious, ' said Tom, ' it looked as if the flat was on fire, but it couldn't burn, yovi know, under that downpour ;? and, besides, the grass is too greon. It must have been somo'' freak of tho lightning. ; I've heard miners' say the mountains hereabouts are full) i of' ironstone, and. that would, no doubt, ;attract i it.' ' Vory likely,' asserted' your.ihumble-' I'sonvant.fiianxioiisiitoiiimakououticanyfflnnitu'rai '.causoiifopiau'cliii aninminaturali effect.' 'I'&But; ^ho8ds!8hadowsj'liliko!iiblabkfellowsii[tumbling ?'about'?'.' ._ , ' '?'! fVOhil-iaoihowaculariiillusion.-.ariaiDg'.'irom '? the -same cause, '-says- practical ]; Tommy,': un willing for a momont to admit anything supernatural for a eolution, 'and as for tlioso — hem-^Bhrieks, you know, 'why the wind tearing around would account for that, or perhaps a curio w yelling out.' ' Or a warrigal, over in the timber,' sug gested I. ' Just so ; or native bears. I've heard the creatures scream just like human beings. But that tree falling,' continued my mate, 'rose my.hair a bit. I made pot sure we were under it.' We went out: to have a look at the fallen tree. ..'The Bky.» had cleared as rapidly as it : had bocomo overcast. Not a cloud was to bo seen, -and. the. moon, although low down, shone brilliantly.ini;the,i now purified atmos phere. ? -Bnt we cohldh't: find thetree ; there was not a stick within hundreds of yards of ?thoi:tent,;withuthe-exception!-of the great oharred butt, of a^tree%.that.\had evidently ..tumbled-vdown^y.ears.^agOjJsAnd'been burnt away 'y^bnbtibia-f-wostat^he.i back of the tent, -;:.exactly*iwhere -we- fancied.the tree fell.. ? '?'?' Wevmdde'novconnnent ; .-it^.Tvas : altogether- I beyond; our/comprehension1 ; j but irblling - our- ? selves-.up1. in i. the, J.'possum- ruga; were soon in the az-ms-6f ^Morpheus. .. -When we awoke ini theimorning old' Jack was coolly' fixing a -silken cracker: on his-. whip, just, as if'- nothing had happened. ( . '-'Morning, '-^said1. he, ? ' ' fineimorning after the rain.' 1 ?'?Yes,''said'.I,' but tho 'Battle are;gone.' ??'? '.Just . so,'. ..quoth ,-: our:- stockman, ' I ?knowed they would. ' 'You k-newK^they - would, 'usaid' T6m ;. ' well,-' that's cool, -ianyhow. I-.think you might have kept-Boberj^fcheh';' '* v Old Jack Avas evidently prepared for a. *?barney,', so ho ..assumed the. offensive, im- ? mediately.. 'Now, -look here, boss,' he said,. 'I think yer have found me of greater service than yer thought. -There aint no other man could have brought yer: through as I have. If it hadn't have been for me ye would have been fifty miles on ' the back track, 'tangled up in that there scrub on the western falls, or else boxed up in the gullies on the eastern slopes ?; and I guess ye would have been pre cious glad to have got out withour yer cattle at all. So yer needn't cut up rough cause a man didn't keep watch for one night.' All this was quite true. Without Jack wo; would have been, in colonial parlance, 'nowhere.' - 'Well, well, old hoss,' said Tom man fully, 'that's all right ; but one feels rather vexed this morning, you know.' - ? This apology seemed to mollify old Jack. 'Never be afeered,' said he, 'the cattle are all right. They went down stream, and we'll -find 'em on some of the flats below ;. and I hear, tho bells of tho spare horses over in -the : timber yonder, so. as long as we've got -plenty of hoss_ flesh we're all right.' We were standing outside, just preparing to -bring in the spare horses referred to. ' 'How did you hww the mob would break away, Jack?' . ' Because they allers do if they're camped here on Christmas night.' ? ~-- T, *— . . ,- ' What makes them break V' quoth -Tom. 'Well, I was jest agoing to ax yer^wSat made ours break.' . v.^- ~z ''.--' ^ 'There was a thunderstorm; and just, when the mob broke a: strange light, as' if the grass was on fire, illuminated the flat;, but the grass is not burnt, you see.' 'Jest, so,' said Jack, 'but didn't it look more : like . as if the flat was covered with camp fires.' ' Yes, it had that appearance.' ' And a whole lot of blacks a-kicking up a shindy, ' Jack continued. 'Well,' said I, 'we did see something like- that; as if a number of blacks were fighting.' ' Jest so, but they wern't fighting. ' Practical Tom lost patience. ' Confound it J.ido- you mean to say, then, they were ;real-blacks.' ? .'.frNo,' says Jack, 'cause they're all dead.' ?AWhat ! all the blacks?' ? ^ All them as you saw,' says Jack. ? ? '.-Pshaw! it's all bosh,' says practical;, ''.'.here, bear a hand to catch the mare, and. iwe'll ride -the other horses in.' 'The 'horses were brought in, and, says Jack, 'As we're likely to have a bit of stockriding, we may as well put in breakfast ;before-wo- start. When we get the cattle we ican't:camp them again to get our tucker.' ' ;'iCamp again,' says Tommy, 'confound itj'.ino.onot in this place ; we'vo had quite enough- of- it.' ?-''MiOh'Ift says scarcastic Jack, ' Why not? ?It'slalL.bosh you know. Look here,' ho con itiriuediwith animation, 'do you two jest Lwalkiaoross the flat whilst 1 bile the billy. I ithiuk^ .you'll find something out there to interest yer. Do now,' and his hand pointed aorosKctlio flat. . ? ? ? \- 'HBraotical Tom would do anything to solve itheiuneaning of the queer phantasmagoria seori'la3t might. ? Tho more so, as Jack had cori'eptly; described what we had seen, al ithongh.'j'he himself had been fast bound in a atuporjofv:di'unken slunibor. V^'Weistrodo off in tho direction of the flat, andv-wero soon kneo deep in the tall wet grass. ? '.By v Jove, very interesting, I must say. I'm ??- wot i through alroady,' quoth Tommy, '; but it' would be a jolly sight more inter esting'. if -.the cattle were here. I wonder if ? — .vl.Oh, Moses ! -what's this?' and* Tom stumbled; and fell over something. ' -? ?'''iHullo, old man, going in for a dive ; hardly damp enough for that, though,' says yburisor.vant. ? !:!iiBut\niy mate rose to his feet in dismay. ?' '-TiWhat is it ?' says Jack, coming up. :-iaNotamuch. Only a human skeleton. It waB.rjlying on its side, apparently never havings-been disturbed. The knocs wer drawnup to the chin, and tho grinning skull was turned up to tho sky. Wo moved off. 0, Jupiter 1 another, and another, and still more. Skelotons were all around us. Every where. Skeletons of men, of womon, and -f little children. ~. 'Faugh!' says Tom, ' let's get out of -this. I understand it all now. Some horrid xnussacro of the blacks, I suppose. No ?wonder the grass grows green.' ? Wo wended our way slowly back to the fire, pondering over the strange scene of the night, and the hideous one of the morning, which, somehow, icould connect themselves. 'Tom,' said I, ' ' was it not Ly fcton that spoke about 'the shadowy reenactinent of guilty deeds V ' 'Shadowy humbug, ' quoth. Tom, who appeared to be extremely irritable that morn ing ; and then ho said something which the rippling of tho croek waters we wore cros sing prevented my hearing, but I caught 'the words, 'decomposing animal matter,' 'phosphorescent lights,' and the 'ignis fatuus. ' Old Jack eyed us askance. ' A memento of the old war between tho blacks and whites, eh?' queried T. 'War, 'says Jack, excitedly^ ' War, be damned. No, sirce, it was jest. about the bloodiest murder 1 over heard tell on.. And I'll always say so, although I did- my.share on it. Oh, you needn't look-.that-a-way ; although, as 1 say, I had my. hand in it was quite unbeknown to myself.' 'How? you could 'not very well mur — , kill people, without being aware of it.' ' But I did, though. 1 did jest that,: and yet was as innocent as either of yees.' Impatient Tommy jumped up with a spring, ' ' Confound it, more mystery. What the deuce arc you eternally speaking in rid dles for?' Jack was evidently getting used, to theso exhibitions of impatience on the part of my mate:' ? ' ' Well,'? said, he, . grimly- smiling, . ' I sup pose it's all:i 'a- riddle; to. you, but I think wehad' b'otter-got!-the.icattlei. first, and then 1'llhnriddleiit,',' Tlie. cattle! wete-foundiand- mustored - with less:difficulty than we- anticipated, and that night: our ? camp.MW!i8ifoix*thetHinno Goodbie, . ?ten .miles from ithe-'Haunted- Stream. . We 'finished :.siipper,- lit Jour- pipes,*- reslung; ?thei.billyy and- then Jack'prooeededitoam riddle, the. mystery ; but! shall j tell : the ^storyiin my. own way. Many- years . ago two brothers squatted ?on- the Haunted Stream, with the ostensible purpose of ^forming a cattle station, but in reality, to ? carry on a wholesale system of ?d\iifiug.'. Who they. wero, and from whence they came, . J ack'duhYt know, but these men hired-'himi assthehv stockkeeper ; and their nrstv.proceedingiwas-.to build a hut, and our. 'tent,': .fackt said,, had, been pitched nearly on-the' site'.of -this i hut ; and: then, their, business-commenced.-. . Swooping down on a diatant.-cattle- station1, some moonlight night ?th'evpairc iwouldi.' lift'; a. score or two of cattle^.-and/ whip:ithem;:over;- to., their own :settl6menti':where they.^vouldi be ? cunningly. ' planted'1 fdr.-up-. some --of the many deep' and- hidden gorges which; abounded' there abouts, and Jack had ordei*s to 'tail' thorn, 'which he would do, until the hue and cry was over, and they would then be rapidly transported to some distant township, and. sold. This was their moituit opnrandi. This, and a- constant repetition of the same. Small mobs of cattle, of various brands, were constantly coming in, and Jack ad mitted that their 2''oceedings were 'rather queer ;' but as his duty merely consisted In shepherding such cattle as were handed to him he obeyed orders, and kept hi3 own counsel. These raids wero successful, and they fancied themselves in a fair way of prosper ing, hut for one great drawback. That drawback was the blacks, who speared the cattlo 'whenever and wherever they could.. Often did the two men, when riding over the run, find as many as three or four beasts killed in ono day ; and what aggravated them the more was, that nothing was taken' from the carcases but tho ' tit bits.' From a white's point of view this wanton slaughter looks vory bad ; but then, you know, tho blacks regarded the sottlers as intruders aud interlopers. Tlie two hrothersronight-ravo and blas pheme-. tilLthey wore black in tho face, but beyond- that they dare not. go. Tho tribe wero numerous— three or four hundred, said Jack, and what could two or threu men do against so many. ^The whites know well enough that the shooting of one black would bo equivalent to a declaration, of 'war to the knife,' and then one of the -two parties 'would havo to bo exterminated. In this situation they hesitated to' throw down the gauntlet. Under the same circumstances honest (!) settlers would have solicited the aid of their neighbors. An expedition would havo been organised, and an exterminating onslaught made upon tho blacks. But for very obvious reasons. these cattlo. stoalers wore desirous of attracting as little attention towards them selves . aacpossible, so they had to fall back oiu.thoir. own -resources. What were they to do ?.u Were1. they- to-be j driven on- their, station hyithose' cattlo»thiovingf:blacks ?' 'No, by HeavonB!!' said-.they.j::andnwitli that -they sot thefeheads' to . work; ? i -? Tlius.far eaeh-paptjrluMlstudiously avoided*, a., collisioiitiv- avoidddj.-oveniiia meeting ;_l)ilt: sudddnlyitheibrothoraichangod their tactics— ''conoiliaMoiii?uwasii'to i-bor.thoi i ordou . ofi thoi day;'.; .TMa:waantheirosultibf -tkat.sotting»ipf-' theitcheodBiJto worfci; So*' Jack..recoivod* hist iriatructibnfltiv ' Wefre '.agoing- rto tryttliei conciliatory layy.'y'said they to him, ' do:iyout jestsnutiia.fewft^igB'.of 'baoca in yer pockety.1 andiiif ' .yer. aneet^any of these black ? oufcantiko !ruu why jest give 'em a chunk.'. Tii'en whites/ now- took, every opportunity ipf ? exliibitihg:their friendship and i affeotion'jto wnards' thonblaoks. ? Under.- this- now? aspect* of affairs tho tribe took encouragemont, and it was a pleasant sight to see ono of tho men smilingly cutting up a fig of tobacco into four parts for distribution amongst that number of blacks, who were grouped around his horse. It was true, tho same blacks had just speared a. bullock over the rise; but it was part of the rider's plan not to see it. Tho ' ' conciliation lay' seemed to promise good results ; fewer cattle wore speared, tho Blacks killing only as many as they required ?for actual food. So the friendship ripened, and members of the tribe frequently ap peared at tho hut, whoii food of some de scription was generally given them. A day or two before Christmas the two brothers sought out tho blacks at their encamp ment, and explained to them that on Christ mas Day it was customary for the whites to have a 'big- fellow feast,' and if the tribe choose to come down to tho hut they (the brothers) , would 'give -it plenty; bread, plenty milk,' and. so on. Of 'course, the. blades received . the invitation with delight,', and in an ecstasy of anticipation tho-whole - tribe were mustered, on the. flat- long -before- sundown. Jack had been sent off unusually., early that morning, and his t- instructions would detain him out. on tho run-allday.i-.It' was : evident something. waB-on«-th'o»- tapis!; All day long this ibraco.i of philanthropists' wore busilyi engaged preparing - to.f east .their .? black brothers. ??:- Bagsofi flour were kneaded ? into doughi.j. Ba--oh- after..batoli-;of ^tempting*. t looking .loaves -w.ere'turncd out of _th'eii\oven.,\ Cows were milked.- ? and- the milk* -poured' into shining tin buckets, and, they had only just finished as tho sun dipped behind a bank of purple clouds, and Jack made his appearance. To say that he was astonished would bo only a mild form of expressing his ideas on the matter. He could scarcely be lieve his eyes. ?- Such liberality ; such an amount of trouble. Really he had all along done his employers great injustice — they weie not quite so bad as he thought. It was true this liberality on their part was dictated more by policy than kindness ; but if; all the motives which actuate our acts of kindness- were analysed why — but, never mind; . there 'Was the food itself all ready, ?and: a dozen .blacks were called, and loaded 1 with the bread, the two brothers themselves carrying.a -brimming bucket of milk in either hand, and Jack brought up the rear with two more; Then-tho edibles were deposited in; the centre. of the delighted tribe, and Jack, -placing his buckets on the ground, was in the act of stooping to have a drink. 'Hold,' shouted -the two brothers simul taneously, 'that's not for you.' Jack looked from one to the other in as tonishment. 'Do yer suppose I'm going to swill it all V' 'Nevermind, that's noti for you. There's plenty in the hut if . yon- want it ;' and seiz ing Jack by the arm they strode back to the hut. No sooner was the hut ? reached than the door ?? was fastened and barricaded, and a foi'midable array of loaded, firearms placed upon the table. The sinister aspect aud proceedings, and tho excited mien of theso men wero altogether at variance with the benevolent act just performed, and the wondering Jack was -staring about aud scratching his head in bewilderment. ' What's up ; are yer agoing to shoot 'em?' ho asked. 'Not if they don't rush the hut,' said one of the two with an oath. 'Rush, the hut ; well that's good, any how. They seem to enjoy the grub too well for that.' 'If they don't, it ainfc our fault. We've done our best to make it tasty for 'cm, see ing as how,' and here the speaker clutching Jack by tho arm, muttered hoarsely in his ear, 'seeing as how we've mixed nix pounds a/ .strychnine with it.' Iu a very short timo the poisoned food began its deadly work, and then was wit nessed ono of tho most harrowing sights on record.. The poor wretches, suddenly seized with the most torturing agonies — rendered, all the more appalling from their ignoiraiee of tho ? causo, rolled and writhed on the ground, screaming,, shrieking, and dying, all around ; some falling, into their camp-fires, whichv dotted the flat all- over. Mothers,, them selves suffering the direst pangs, wore jjress ing shrieking infants to their breasts. Mcu were yelling and throwing their arms ou high, as if calling the Supremo Being to have mercy on their agony. ' AH this,' and much more, did those three mon look out upon from their darkened lair. The ono, certainly, in horror, the other two with anxious, but malignant joy. Many of the strongest blacks essayed to flee from tho spot, fearing it was tho work of their evil spirit, that the place was bowitchod ; but the effort was vain. Tho potent and direful poison did its work, and not ono escaped. Darkness had now fallen upon this dark deed. The spirit of death brooded over the flat. Supreme silence reigned whore latoly all had been- such life and animation. Not a sound was heard, nothing seen but the ? glimmering flames of tbe dying camp fires, ?which the once busy hands, now so still, had kindled ; and the flickering lights brought out:in shadowy indistinctness-: tho rigid and ighastly. corpses strewiv.so thickly around. ! TH'e'ntwoAdemonasiinaide had already bo itakonuthemaelvos-to.tho^brandy flask, and in jhis'.clo8pair,-Jaok' admitted lie did tho sanio. !.- TKeiinoxt.'jnonaingoheivrodfl away. Tho two'.brotiiersirlindiiigi'theinBelyes unable to ;dotainihimi.paid 'double- thot wages duo. ' ' Milidiiyou^iaaid- itheiioneitKrcatoningly, 'if you peaohnwo'lUimpliptttoyou in it.' ' xou can.yii8w.ear-.ias.how-y,ou didn't give toi hand/i toioarryv.tho: milki, out,' said the ', other. ' ' 'And remember -wo-. are- two to one, re minded the lirst, aud I guess you can't show such a clean, reputation. A Botany Bay cliaraotor aint none of the best.1' But the story leaked out nevertheless ; and in course of time the details became known to all the neighboring squatters. 'A villainous deed,' said one. of somo half dozen congregated around a bar, 'but my last muster was the best I've had since 1 settled here,' and he bolted his nobbier. 'Yes, yes,' chimed Mr. Snooks, J.P., 'that- same tribe used to spear my cattle wholesale.' ' Daresay the stuff got into the tucker by haccident,' says J.P. No. two. 'Jailers keeps a whole lot in my store, to poison warrigals. What say you, gents, to a Yankee grab for drinks round afore we ride.' And was this all 'justice' had to say in reference to this hideous deed?. As far as we poor mortals go it looked like it. j After ? Jack's desertion of this pair of worthies,-, they concluded it would bo safer to carry .on- their nefarious practices without assistance, and Jack's place was not re filled; .. Now; it : happened that -ou the following Christmas;: exactly .twelve- months *; after the - horrible :?:? massacre i ?? desoribed,---: tho two. .brothers-made* a swoon, upon- the, station of Mri Snooks,- J.P. ? This run was contiguous ? :to that heldiby the pair, and they had often .cast ia: longing eye upon the mobs of cattler— rolling- f afe-depasturing:-,upon .this station. /This- covetous indulgence ? brought about its. result, and the raid was made. Christmas day had been selected, as they concluded the employes would bf carrying on ' ' high j inks' on that festivo occasion, and the watch con sequently relaxed. But they wore mistaken, and that evening tho owner was made aware of the occurrence. The prompt aud decisive action taken on that occasion did immense credit to tho J.P. At break of day the very next morning a cavalcade consisting of J. P. Snooks, Esq., Mr. Snooks, jun., a young gentleman but re cently returned from England, a couple of troopers, and several friends 'were gallopiny en route for the dufl'ers' homestead. The party approached, but were consider ably non-plussed on discovering that the hut had disappeared. Nothing was seen but a heap of smoking ruins. The hut had evidently been burnt down. Had the duffers fled ? This was the ques tion the party asked ithomselves. Xo ; but this is what had occurred — The night previous a thunder storm had ? swept down the valley, and a largo tree at the back of the house had been torn up by the roots, and in its descent had crushed in the . hut, which like all other such buildings, was : built entirely of slabs and bark, aud the. debris fallicg in upon the fire — always burn- , ing on the hearth — the whole was speedily in a blaze. But the proprietors of this defunct house, where we're they ? This was the second question the party anxiously asked themselves, and they rode up with some misgiving. A large dog owned by the late occupants had broken its chain, and as the party 'drew near they observed this animal amongst the still smouldering embers. He was vora ciously devouring aud tearing away at a roasted — something. The horsemen, over powered with a sickening sense of horror, fairly reeled in their saddles. J3ut Mr. Suooks jun., who did a little amateur re porting for the local paper, was in his clement. He walked all round tho smould ering ombury, note-book in hand, jotting down the leading traits of the occurrence as they unfolded themselves to his sagacity. All that we have narrated was selfrelat ing, but Mi*. Snooks, jun., filled in tho de tails. 'Observe, gentlemen,' said he, 'that only the topmost branches of tho tree reached the hut, just sufficient, in fact, to crush the roof in. iN'o.w it would be absurd to sup pose,' continued this gentleman,- with tho 'gesture ? argumentative 'that tho fall of a bark l'oof would kill tho men. No; the fact is — aud. we, teat is 1, regret to announce it — '? the weight of the bark merely held them down whilst the .unfortunate inmates were slowly roasted to death,' and Mr. Snooks, jun., de scending from his oratorical horse, rubbed his hands in great glee ; not at tho terrible picture his imagination had suggested, but at tho thought of tho splendid sensation this hyposthesis would create for the readers of the Maneroo Mercury. 