'Tur circumstances cononected with the appointment of the Chief Justice, and the resignation of the late Attorney. Genoral, were a week ago made for the second time the subject of debate in the Assembly. It should have boon, we think, the wish of every intelligent and well constituted mind that the public men and public institu. tions of the colony should have the honefit of the lessons to be derived from the misunderstanding regarding the Chief Justiceship, without any unnocos. sary aggravation of the scandal (if such it is to be considered), which was unfor tunately conneopted with it, It happoens, howevQr, that that strange parliamon. tary animal, Mr. David Bluchanan, with the blind fury of a thoroughbred hater, personal and political, took it ipto his head that the affair might still be made the moans of annoying Mr. Parkese, though the appointment actually made to the ofilce of Chitef Justice was such as to satisfy the public, and even himself; and though the latoe-Attornoy General, whose wrongs he proposed to blazon, could not be beuonfitted, and must be an noyed by his advocacy. This brilliant political genius moved, some days since, in his place in the Assembly, that the conduct of the Colonial Socretary to. wards the Attorney-General deserved the consure of the House, Mr. Buoha. nan is a barrister, we believe: but his nition on this occasion was acsunreely that of a man occupying or likely to occupy any but an inferior position at the bar, The motion was disposed of by the previous question, moved by a prominent adversary of the Govern. w. ont, viz., Mr. John Robertson r but not till the mover and Mr..W. F'orstoer had taken the opportunity of over. whoelming the question at issue--if it could be said that such a question ox. isted,-under torrents of that viruleout and unsorupulous denunoiation, with which the very name of Mr. Parkas appears habitually to inspire them, Messrs. Forsater and Buchanan, the self.constituted conductors of this pro. cloneus impoaohmont, had no other ground on which to bneo their nuosnation than the correspondenco which Mr. Butler, with very questionable taste and pro. dance, choseo to read in tihe Assuinbly, when explaining the oauses of his rosig. nation and swloh, setting forth, as it did, both aides of the question, ouol on the word of the single person concerned, could scarcely leave, in the mind of any candid person, more than a suspiaion` that one was more to bitmo than the other, Messrs. iBuchannan and Forstoer, however, could easily settle this doubt for themseolves by concluding, in the amiable light of their own hatred, that everything stated by Mr. Butler was veracious and candid, and every assor. tion or explanation by Mr. Parkes characterised by falsehood and duplicity, We have hoard, in connection with the study of certain lngunages, about "con. struing through a brick wall n" but it is "difllcult to conceive of any sort of n wall through which, with implements of well.teompred' brass, Messrs,. Buchanan and Forster are not ready to construe any given passage in the corres. pondnouoe, it order to make it tally with their owq particular 7 reading of current hlutory. Theanimue of their own antipathy has boon to those irroconciloable gentry what the literary zoal of a commentator is to him ; and they have supplied to Mr. Parken's lettors, as persons of the other clas have somnetitnen does to the text of Homor or Shlakalupoar, meaninigs whose ingenuity sony lhe orediteble to thoem, but which could not by the aid of any other tolescopo thlan theirs he found in, it, Ilr. William Fsrator ud liMr, ]David ]nchamnnn wore the prinomipal notors in shia absurd bsinoea?n but while the 1attp' wme, prhttps, peritooily hunblQ to distingoish between his personal hatred of a particular politician and his con. sumwing zeai for the public good, the former with the cool and waspish inn. lignity of his nature, confessedly seized the opportunity of inflicting what nu noyance hlie could both on Mr. Parkee and Mr. Batler; and for the hundredth time repeated the inexpressibly silly story of the Kiama Ghost,-a story which, if Mr. Forster had any regard for truth, lie might long ago hare as. certained to be not true, but to have been invented by the would.be wits of that section whom he probably hopes to rouse into renewed hostility to Mr. Parkes by means of theo misuunderstand ing in regard to the Chief.Justicesbip. This same excellent hatur-wo moan Mr. Forstor, not Mr Parkes-regards it, we suppose, as an appropriato illus. tration of his " plilosophiual'" states. mnnshllip that he continues tdoltjloy tie ghostly expedient for halrss'tfig an enemy long after it has been apparently forgotten by its inventors, tihe writer: in tbo Freeman's Journal and 1aPunch: but it seems to bang round tbo neck of his memory like the albatross round theo neck of the ancient mariner, to.fall oR', perhaps, under similar conditions. Mr. Forster appears to have now for some time past practically abandoned all idea of inmaking himself usolul in thi Logislulore, and to havoe had no appro. cinble objoet in obtaining a sent there but to fill up his timo and annoy the one special object of his hate, and, por. haps, envy. eIoli as for some years past found'it a matter of dificulty to sceure a seat in tbo Assembly. It is to be hoped, considering how his admitted ability is wasted by the course le pur. sues, that for the luiuro he will find his election -a matter of greater dificulty still: Weo can hardly .nppose ti~at Messrs. Buohanan and Forstor are anxi. ousne to represent themselves as the par. ticular friends of Mr. Butler, though it has suited their purpose to beslaver him with their praises as a sort of foil to their denunciations of his lato colleague. Mr. Buchanun would, doubtless, at a proper opportunity, have joined in any ultra.proteostaut cry against a minister who had appointed a person owing pri. mary allegiance to a foreign hoierarch to the'most ithportant position in a Protes. tau t'~ cmmubity; and Mr. Forstor did n'ot hositatu to taunt the disappointed aspirant after the honours of the 3iench with his folly in trusting to anything that Mr. Parkes might any. Ifj.how. over, these two gentlemen affect to call themsolvoes Mr Butler's tfriends for the nonce, Mr. Butler, coonsidering what huas come of their ollciousness, has good reason to pray for deliverance from such friends. Relying, as we have no doubt we may sauboly do, on the report of the debate in the S. M. leracld, it appears to us that this second discussion of the affair has by no mians tended to improve Mr. Butler's position in regard to it. In ono respoot we are inclined to agreoo with Mr. Forstor that iMr. lButler is rightly served-not for his alleged folly in trusting Mr. Parkas, but be. cause he seeooms to have regarded the whole aftfair of the appointment to tlgo Bonech as a matter of personal olai in and ministerial bargain. He is rightly served, however it comes to pass, for having pressed a claim founded on acci. dental and equivocal grounds to the possession of an important office, as if it wore a more property, when there was the opportunity of appointing ano. thor gentleoman unquestionably better qualified in all ossential respects, and more acceptable to the bar as well as the public. Of course, it was indispon. subhlQ that whoe an attack was to be made on Mr. Parkes, the chargo of fomenting sectarian animosities should be somehow dragged in, 'lho attempt was duly made, but, unfortunuately, ro. coils upon Mr Butleor. It is assorted by Mr. Parked, is not denied by Mr, Butler, and soeems extremely probable in itself, that when Air. Butler was urged by some of his colleagues to waive whatever claim ihe might be sup. I posed to halive, in order that a moro noa. coptable appointment might be made, ho replied thait he wos too far committed to the olaim, and that " his people" would not hoear of any withdrawal. Of coarse, there could be no rational doubt as to the moaning of, utiolh phrusoology as this anud If Mr. Butler canot deny that heo useod such wordq, he is no fur responsible for the belief that "his poo. pie' Intended to miike, a sectarlaun mat. tor of it~ and to proess with all their iufinence for the appointmentof a co.re. ligioiistof their own to the vaoat ollice, taking adviantngo for that purpose of the quasl.olahim whilach he might be oensl dered to have by virtue of his tenuro of the Attornoeysiip. We are afraid tlhat lir. Butler, in lislast spooeh on the stibjoect, weit faur to umuko, in plain lnu. guage, a fool of himself. In regard to the use of the phrase about" his people," he otffeured the not very pluusihlu oxplq. nationi that ihe meount the poopld of the colony in generals and hle further comprornised his own moral position by informing the House that when hi lnd rnason to blloevo that soutarian intfluonco wasne brought to boar against him, he booumrnonnly te morodotorminud to puone his olaim-whatovur that might bo worth,-ind that h6 would rather be shot than givo way to sh inflanonce, It saomens to uo that the porsonal olomont has boon altogether too prominent among thiwo who have figured an Mr. Parkes's consors in thin matter, inoulindg that portioio of the proea which dnesires to carry favour with that" sction" whlih it is natural to idontify with Mfr. Butler und1r thogiven conditions, We havo no dobt that, As 1, Parklcon naticilpato, when the utcr c( tho?e who altut to talk of a gno,'?irong has aubhided, tho public', who nra for thue prouneat partially dealoneud witlh the uninoan, wiii Kagro? tlit the wroug uharguablo to Mri', 'nrlc?n in linht a nnail utter, We do not, of crorne, undortaku to any that Mr. Parlun'a condnuct in the matter was the most transparent and straightfor. ward that it might possilbly be, llut a mtn pea,' anelly o nlin I ittnatlf b)y n more imprudence, such as that to which the Proemier pleads guilty : and it is not always possible to steer n straight course between difficulties on the right hand and on the left. M?n PAnKES has tukeu advantage of the retirement of his late Attorney.Gohoral from the Ministry, in order to submit to Parliament certain resolutions in which it is proposed to alter the constitution of future ministries by (1) sibolishing the office of Solicitor-General; (2) altering the character of thatof the Attorney-Go. nerul by relieving him of his duties as a member of the Executive Council; and (3) coustituting a Department ofJustice and Publio Instruction, to be presided over by a " responsible" minister. Mr. Parkes says he has long boon of opinion that some snuch change was desirable in the interests of good govern'ment, and that if tlhis instalmeont of the reconstruc tion which he contemplates should mset with approval, there will be more heard of it in due time. Mr. Parkes's prini. cipal objection to the coitinued exis teouce of the office of Attornoey.General with its present functions is the same that has boon so frequently urged. "By removing the Xttorney.General from the Executive Council they would get rid of what he thought wis the roost serious anomaly in the present state of the Crown Law Offices, which was this -that while the Attornoy.Gonermal was the Grand Jury and the Public Prose. cuter, he in the last resort sat in the Cabinet in jurlgment upon the cases which he had initiated and conducted." The removal of this anomaly, which may fairly be called glaring, though we in this colony have got accustomed to it, and have in reality suffbred but little .sy its existence, seems to be the only ?natqrjtl eiteuation ivbil it is proposed to amko in the functions of Mr. Attorney, who will stillnpparently, in the eventof practical effect'being given to the resole. lions, be required to give the Ministry his ussistance in debate, and to conduct Crown causes in the courts. The office of Solicitor.General, who is simply the Attorney's junior olficor, Mr. Parkes is sure can be very well dispensed with, The now Minister of Justice aud Public Instruction, it is proposed, should take up all those duties of the Government in which it acts mnagistorially, in relation to the administration of Justice, by institut. ing inquiries into and overlooking the ane tion of the courts, hearing all complaints, advising appointumentse, suspouensions, dis. missals, or removals from the public service of tlo country : and he will, in addition to this, oxercise all the ministo. rial powers and perform all the ministo. rial duties in roelation to the educational interests of the country. Inu other words, we suppose, he will be to the Council of Education just what the Colonial Socore. tary himself is at present. The rosolu. tions, after two nights' debate, were approved by the Assembly in committeeoo of the whole: and the projooted change will be, wu should think, an improvement in the construction of the ministry. It will be an advantage to any gentleman charged with the formation ofu t ministry to beo relieved from the necessity of finding two barristers of good profes. sional standing to form part of it, since it is not proposed that the Minister of Justice, do,, should be of necessity a lawyer. Thero has seldom beena any superabundance of that element avails bli and Mr. Parkes was rather fortu. auto in finding Messrs, Butler and Innoes ready to his hand. There is a rumnour that if the now uministerial ofice is area ted, its first inoumbeot will be the late Chief' Justice, Sir A. Stephen : and Mr. D, Buchanaun, in his usual style of blundering hostility, endeavoured to make it aOn argument against the pro. posed change, that the Ministry desired to " bolster themselves up by importing Sir AIlred into the administration." 