TRIAL OF A BAND OP BRIGANDS. (From the European Mail.) A 'trial has been going on at Szegedin, in Hungary, the extraordinary compli cated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst the criminal records of all countries and epochs. The individuals in volved may be counted by hundreds — their crimes and offences by thousands ; and the first arrests took place as far back as 1860. The Lloyd ofPesth gives an outline of the case under the title of the ' Proces Sandor ' Sandor being the name of the chiaf of a band of malefac tors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szegedin and the surrounding district. It appears that, ever since i860, the inhabitants of Szegedin had become so terrified in con sequence of the daring exploits of San dor's band of brigands that they lockfld and barred themselves in their houses at dusk, .and dared not to venture into the streets even during the day without be ing armed with revolvers and sword sticks. Robberies, incendiarv fires, and assassination were the order of the day. M. de Raday was sent as a Royal com missioner to Szegedin to put an end to this deplorable state. of things. M. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin but the whole comitat and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable ' companies ' of brigands, whose organisation was complete and their circle of action clearly defined. After careful aad minute inquiries the Royal commissioner found, to his amaze ment, that a number oi administrative and judicial functionaries were acting as accomplices of the various bands of brigands — that even tlie titled notabili ties of the district acted as receivers of the Btolen property. Crimes have been brought to light that were perpetrated 30 years ago ; and an old man of 70 was condemned some short time ago for a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. The novel and peculiarly '? psychological ' system pursued by the Royal eonitnissionor to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confinement, and their eyes were bound in order to prevent any conversation by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. ' Companions in captivity,' totally unknown to them, were placed in the same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into the confidence of the prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with their secrets, and used all their efforts to bring about a full confession. 'With regard to San dor, the Royal commissioner himself sneceeded in getting a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingenions kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputation, and to be in the habit of looking down upon his less daring accomplicfis as mere ' purloiners of chickens.' M. de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before his fellow-prisoners — the small-fry of tbe band — whose instructions were to re proach their chief with being a cbicken stealer like themselves. The ruse was perfectly successful ; the proud Sandor's ' honour'' was mortally wounded, and the ' brigand king' (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long series of crimes, as well as those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal commissioner in the case of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor, was this ; — Bajdor is known to be ex ceedingly superstitious ; he is charged withhavingcommittedfiftT-'-wo murders, and insists upon asserting bis inno cence. One evening, the examining magistrate has Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows : — ' John Bajdor, I can not sleep on your account ; the ghost of Peter Bodri. whom you assassinated, appears before me every night and threatens to haunt and torment me until such time as I shall have put the rope with wbich you strangled your vic tim round your own neck !' On say ing this, the examining magistrate threw a rope round Bajdor's neck, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight, John Bajdor, who had Blept soundly, notwithstanding his 52 crimes, jumped up affrighted, and rushed towards the door of his prison, crying for help. Tbis was the moment the examining magistrate had anxiously awaited ; he made bis way into the celi, when Bajdor confessed not only to hav ing murdered Bodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they had committed : all the malefactors arrested, it must not be for gotten, are kept in the utmost ignor ance as to the charges which weigh against them, Ou their, first examination they were not ques tioned as to the perpetration of such or such a crime ; they were simply sked to give an account of any offence I of which they might acknowledge them selves guilty. By this means a number crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szegedin must have been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of tbe cases which are now being, tried before a specially ap pointed court, i When the Royal Com missioner first arrived at Szegedin there were 1505 criminal charges to be heard ; a little later 500 more charges were made ; and when the Royal Commission had terminated its duties 950 fresh cases were brought to light, making in all nearly 3000 crimes of the gravest character. Of this total 1000 judg ments have already been given, aad nearly all these judgments have been confirmed on appeal. The crimes and offences discovered by the Royal Com mission amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &c;, the cases of robbery alone exceeding 4000. 