VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, Tuesday, September 2. Oar Parliamentary session is wearing away in a very profitless manner. The Assembly is, as doubts, considerably disheartened by the re- <*> jection of their measures by the Upper House after they had hestowed weeks of consideration upon them; bat, apart from this, there baa evident indfapo-ritioo on the part of fte As sembly to dt down to the business prepared for it. The Ministry appear to have thdr own way, hut the difficulty of getting any work out of hoe. memben b better known to the Whip than fte public have any conception of. A whota armfal of Bilb had been proo—aed for this week, but there b very littie probability of fto majority of them passing. Several im portant items fa ttw Mfabterid programme at fts commencement of fte session are sjtpnay given tan, snd it b evident ftat the irsai? wfll have to bs prematurely dosed. The -aamben of the Legiabtive Council db tingubhed themselves in a body on Tnesday bat, oontaaty to pub—s expectation, by laving aside, on fte motion of Mr. O'Shanassy, fte Assembly's Bleetord Act Amendment Bill, and ia postponing the second reading of their own —ill for a fortnight, wift what object can be iratilj guessed. Then- reasons for thus dispos ing of fte former of these measures were that there was no demand for tt out of doon; that its introduction had been attended with no ex pression of publio opinion anywhere; that the. responsibility of dealing with thb Bill had been! unfairly thrown upon that House by the want of an organised Opposition in the Assembly; ftat there waa nothing to recommend the attempt to establish one-hone constituencies beyond its mere novelty ; ftat there was no necessity for any increase in the number of-memben from 78 to 90 ;- and that the -toUttmef the rate payer.' qualification appeared to have been made without rhyme or reason, and was db truetiveof the rights ofraropuity. Thb, it must be crmfessed7 was rafter a formidable biU of indictment aminst fts measure, and what rendered it ajfl fte [mora weighty was ftat so much oould be sdd fa support of each ef its countc There might have been some show of reason fa asking for a read justment of the electoral districts on aeoount of the fluctuation fa fte state of the popu lation, but none for a completely new measure That, however, b one of our c—onbl weak nemec We are too unwilling to work with such institutions aa we have, and do our best, as they do fa other countries; but, like children in a garden, we must be continually pulling up the plants snd putting something else fa thdr plaoe—a foolish tendency, and one that the Oouacil think should be checked. Hon. BBBf—here of -fto a-^gw- latifo Ooundt stiU further distinguished themselves last week by gi-ring ao-a- tefu to the Mfafag on Private Pro perty Bui. "Tbey -refused to receive the report of fte Select Committee to which it waa re ferred for eonsMen—ios\\-*_d there baa end of it for ftb at—Bios. It eaanet he brought on again. The virtud rejection of the Efeotoral Bfll by the Council bat Week, led to two very pur noseless debates fa the assembly, oa Wediles day and Thursday eveniagc . Ths first of these debates was originated **y Sir Oharies Gavan Duffy putting a question to Mr. Ist—oa aa to the future intentions of fte Go-——onerat with regard to thb measure, and fasbtingonhb right toaaaaswea Mr. Fraaoi.wa.net then prepared wift aa answer, owing to fte fast of hb not having been able to call fte Oabinet together to take fte question fate oonmdera tion, bet he fatimsted that ao time should be lost fa doing ftb, sad la n-portfag theirdecision to the Hoase So seed —a smiiwliniiljas this ' for stirring up a little strife Mr. ffigfabstham ' could not resist, aad, tone fo Ida —-tracts, he ' delivered an eminently ok—taoteristie speech, ' fa which .he inveighed wift great bitterness ' sgdnst fte Oouaal fer haviag dared to meddle ' wift the BiU. apparently oblivious of fte 1 fact ftat hs had dons all he earoU him- ' Belt to r-pail it fa it. peseta- through fte ' Assembly. What Mr. Higinboftam wbfaed the Government to do wift the Bill, which had, to fact, been pissed beyond ftdr reach, i he did not eeem to have fte power to ex plain, bat he left fte House ia no doubt as to 1 what he would do wift hb dd enemy, fte ■ Cot—ic—, if he had it fa hb power. He would I have it tons up by fte toot—destroyed root snd I branch—removedaaa great exereeoence on the ] Constitution—but how, he could not say, except ' by oome faexpboabb rev—ion of our present ' ays tern of taxation. Other memben spoke ou i Wednesdey evening against fte action of the ] Council, but fa s less faflatnmatory tone, and a I few in favor of the Connoff. On Tburrsday even- i fag Mr. Fnewai teak fte etuiiert opportunity eft explaining what fte Government intended to i do, but labored under fte difficulty of having little or nothing to explain. What he said ' aa-aeatod to ftb—ftat fte Government weald take asaas to restore ftb Bfll to the paper, sad then cot a more definite eapresaioa of the < Council', opinion upon it That brought 8b Charles Gavaa Daffy to hb lege again, aad if not c—-street in all he said, he waa certainly powerful, aad mraat have arada Me Frauds feel that hi. position was Srot as eavahle one Hb measures, Sir Charles said, had been rejected by fte Council, because the Oouacil did not believe he wished them to be pastel' Hb -Bropoaal to take tap ftb 801 would bad to ao -reaetiosl re-rait, but would amply be a waste of time Mr. Higfa beftaa followed, aad was Impartid fa fte diitributaoa of hb favors—first on Sir Char—a next on Me Franab, and then at fte Council. The first he charged with a change ef opmisna mad wift laboring under a Umniitable dehaiosi at to his power fa the Heal m and fts country. Towards fts second and hb colleagues he exhibited a half-sup premi.il fading of contempt. They had dene nothing, aad oould do nothing. They wen too p—nilsailnone They bad bear, emitters on fte on. cheek, aad had turned fts other to fte smiter. The course they proposed to take was hu-mlea, but it oould bad to no possible praetied result. Par the third, aa might: have been supposed, the fsH measure' of hb aoora waa naaiiil^ Tot, even in. reference "to them, he had nothing to Bay that he had not add sa fte previous even-; fag, ot ftat be has not said far -—are bade on every rmassisn -aa whtah aa ofnortzatty haa presented itself. They asast be Wotted oat of existence as a pahlie body at whatever risk, aad by whatever mesne To follow fte diet—?sion farther would be uaelesc What it will come, to a& must See dear enough. The Council are master, of fte situation, and have ao intention afabaadoningit. If they had, thuaort of thing wonld have fte opposite effect. The 881 b bid aside and, for all praetied purpose*, fa. bat dtogefter. Oat ef oourteay it may be re- ' stored to fte paper for ftarfter dbeua—on. The Council's owa BiH win dmre a a—_larfato,, aad-what you were told a month or dxweeks ago will come to paac The -season wOl be one of the most unproductive ever yet known. The Savings Banks Bin waa read a second; time on Tuesday bat fa fto Asseokly by a' much bssjer majority than tat gitaiislly ex-.' peotei The fast ds, that ft. fo-mda of fte old Savings Banks had wrought ——mad-res up ■ into a franxy of oypiraitian to the -measure, aad had o-rer- estimatad their strength. They; had been too littfa observant ef what b patent. enough to those who see fte effect the pay ment d memben has had on fte Houeeinthe faeeef s speedy dbaolutioe Those who look to thb, as thdr chief, if not their only means of bring, wfll do nothing to jeo pardise thiii p—riftm, aid that has turned fte present session of Par—tusent into a mere blank. The tone of the debates bad eeilsiiily encouraged the opponents of the measure, fa the belief that they would be able to defeat it oa fte aeoond reading; but tiie Hot—c ia thoroughly Aemot—Hsod, aad. oonae queutiy, not to be depended upon. This Bill' win, ftesraTere, pare fte < -ar—lliiy, mid be sent up to fte Cnnsoil, prehably wift out say mate rid dta* alien; but when it get. —are it may share tha fate of the measures which have pre ooed\?d ie Ths first aad chief gnmad of oppo sitiontotheE-etord Bfll, if taken asafast the t Savings Banks Bill, wfll teU agsfast it wift! even more force Theoouatry h«e undoubtedly, I not called far it, but has, on the contrary, de-: dared agafaat it, ao far aa appoilnuitina fori dot—g bo have presented themselves, although! there b no doubt that fte off rod* of fte Savings Banks have been the moven fa the: agitation, and the deporitan have been aroused' only by fts Hireatoned reduction of their, interest. The Permisdve Bill b getting more roughly I.——l—l tbis sorsdos than during c—her of the' two bat. The bloom bas got rubbed off the question, and, alas! for the vanity of human expeotations, there seems to be a cVrte-rmination: __, eierinn tn talk the Bill out ef the House : Thb b very eeatwy to what Mr. Casey sad ■ Mr. Bjafabaftam fad fte toetitreUnn to believe would be fts saw st the opening of fte session. They should merely have to introduce it (tbey said, fa effect), and send it op to the Council, without any further formal d—nussion. But it is difibutt to see what else oould have been looked for, when thb piece of "fancy legis lattars**b fa the ha—at ef men not abstafaen themselves, and when fte abstain- as at ftefr bsark aw devoid of ftat earsaatnitae so neoeassry to ensue sujooara. There b not the ghost of a dtaaoe tor-fte Bfll fa fte Ooa_dl, if it should ever paw use Jaiynelsv The Trans-Australian Bailwsy BiU, intro duced by Me Blyft ftb sre.ian blocked upon here much auto favorably than fte one he introdnssd last sasstoa. But ths general belief ia that, although t_e BiXl r—ay be |aflrad, you will run great risks of not floating fte scheme if toe sparing fa your proposed giant of land. On that point the Argus of Wednesday bat gives the terras on whtah the Union Pacific, ! Northern Pactfi a, and "«"'dian Pacific lines were takes top, placed dde by side with your swsaent fs-spo-dc With tfaew, taken from officbl soaroas, you may be patoctly faadUar, sad*m*>fwnia-yb.inth_serof bdngalgh tof them amid*-* the a-aaiiifertfadi*position fa some quartan to give Bute land than oau be possibly bdpel Until fte land in fte Interior is made available for fte purposes of settlement by the oonst—lotion of a railway of some kind, two shilling, and- sixpence per acre seems a high value to put upon it; jot. At yon will find in tiie article already referred to, it is not so high as the vdue placed on the land granted to fte Union Pacific, the Northern Pacific, and the Canadian Pacific, fa countries where bad, as a rule, is much cheaper. Of the details of Mr. Blyth'a Biil nothing b known here at present beyond what was stated fa your House of As sembly. There is, however, a good deal of discusdon about it fa private circles, and not a few are disposed heartay to wish it aueoesc If art a aiiimias. it win, in fte opinion of most people, he your own faultc fear readers will have very little relbh for axitbmetied calculation, upon the relative values of debentures snd inscribed Stock, and J shall not attempt to inflict upon them what I believe would be so ehatastefal; but aa fte question of creating a.saw Government Btook haa now been taken top by several ef fte colo nies, imri"*-'««'g South Anatrralia, aad die experi ment must have aa interest for a considerable section of each edonbl public I may refer again to what has been gdng en in the Md bourne Press. One journal, wift a strong Idas ' against our Treasurer, haa attempted to prove Ilia incapacity as a *"•«— by showing that on each conversion of a debenture Into fte new Stock a bes would be incurred in the end ef £6 per cant. Thb —aa since been proved to be a fallacy when applied to fto tea yean for which the Debentures had yet to ran, but fte objector* wished the calculations extended further, and so fte Argus baa been giving them for another 15 yean, aad fte writer appear, to show conclusively that if interest b brought into fte account fte present vdue of the £ LOO 6 per cent, debenture on tiie hasb of 4 per cent, interest is £116 "ie, while the total pre sent vdue of fte £113 Stock, which it b pro posed to give fa exchange for fte debenture, is, of oourae, £113—thua leaving the Treasurer a present gainer of £3 7c, which sum placed cut at 4 per cent, oompound interest, j-ayabfo hdf yearty, w—t, at this end of fte 25 yean, have increased to £9 Oc 41 After that littie affair between Mr. Mo-er and L/r. Mueeke about fte Victorian prise essay on fte "take-all" in wheat, you will not,pro bably, be disposed to place too much reliance on the dicta ol oar sgrbaltaml aavans, or yon might tun wift advantage to aa article in the Economist ot Friday last on "Fluka** fa sheep. Not, y--*"*r*i that that article is a bit more scientific than Dr. Muecke's essay on "take* aU," dftought Dr. Oobbold's name b dragged into it—apparently ss a sett ef mssked battery ■round some of its weak points—but because it contains a few praetied suggestions which may be of some use Agafaat fte oommenly-re oeived opinion on this subject, fte writs of that articb maintains ftat the "rot" in sheep bast fte "fluke,*' nor the "fluke" fte "rot." Mr. John Msekesde, the New South "Wales end viewer, haa presented a second report on our Victorian eod-fidda, still more dbaeuraging than his first. Where ** good indications'* were supposed to exist, hb belief b that there b not fte -remotest e— a ice of a paying ood-field being discovered, aad therefore ftat no money can be safely expended on the further ts—tch Cor it fa those spotc Ourearlieatdiicovered or waatare cod-fields a-re, in ha opinio—, even more un promising than fte Gipp's land ones, about which we have bad such flattering —Mount, of late, aad fte famediato effect wfll probably be the eoaper—dea of all further Government aid fa ftat direction. Still there are a good many people fa Victoria who have more confidence fa their owe judgment tbaa fa fte scientific attainment, or practised skill of Mr. Mack—tuis, and who will persevere ia thdr search for cod wift undiminished ardor, under a recollection that auenne bad nothing to do wift the diaoon-y of our gold-fieldc The —ilcuudaOumpauy (ss I have before mentioned) are not relaxing thdr exertions to bring their cod to market. Ton will, of course, profit by our experience fa ftb case, and not think of inviting Mr. Maokessb to report on your cod fidds, if yea ever had such an intention. " See how those Christiana bye !** waa never said wift bitterer irony than during fte paat week fa eosr—eeti«n wift fte lata esse of plagiarism on the put of fte Bey. Mr. Ingtir, of «—_——■ The whole of ftat unfortunate business has been stirred up again by fte Bey. Duncan Fraser, who went a "littie too far," perhape fa wishing to ditH-itm the honor, in fte first instance, of having made the discovery of Mr. Ingjlta'a theft, although certainly more active than any one else fa getting it made public Mr. I—gib, it seems, not only appro priated Dr. Huntingdon's lecture without that gentleman's permission, but waa strongly suspected of appropriating other people's sermons whole-ale, and ftat was more than Mrr. Freser's stomaloh oould bear, on osdag ftat hb young friend aad snoot asm was getting a congregation together, where he himself bad driven one away. When any of our deried friends find it necessary to avail ftemcdves of the labors of often aa aba I how many do! —why not Bay, aa fte young man did, when detected by Dr. Bencher, fa stealing one of hb aei aims, "I never expected to ha—i had-yoaaa a bra-ac, er I aright not have preached it now, bat I -should not be adtamed of preaching one of your sin llama at any time fa any presence*' If Mr. lagUs had confessed what he had done when first charged with It, there would have been ao need for the trid of Fraser v. Dru-s—rand, snd ft. Presbyterian body fa Victoria would not have been reeked from centre to cucaaferreare by it. As it is, after a three days* trial, Mr. Drummond las been found guilty of _bt—ling Mr. Fraser, aad Mr. Fraser has got 40c damages from Mr. Drummenl The 40c a good many times mul tiplied, however, will bear no proportion to fte injury inflicted on fte Ohureh, aa well as fte part—a oonootned, by these aaohsiitabfa pcoowwrliiiga A Melbourne aotr—a—ly bas just pa said away from easeragua, and fte gentlemen wsa tolerably well-known in the after colonic, and where known Maid not fail to be esteemed for hb private worth aad superior attainmentc I refer to Mr. Ans-asss H. ToJk, who haa been the custodian of ear pub?e Kbtaiy from the first day it was opt—ad, some dghtoen yean ago, to fte day of Hs dnith, whioh occurred yesterday morning. Thb iastttntioa, of which Melbourne traayweUbeaotmewhatptoud, has risen to great ness lander Mr. Talk*, fostering care, and fte numerous f-rovinebl —bnrias which ere now Bettered over fte our—iUy owe also a good dad to hb timely and valuabfa aaafatanno 