Christmas Eve in a Church, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. BY MORGAN HAWKES. The place Adelaide, the season Christmas Eve, and the hour half-past 2 by the Post-Office clock. Upon the wide pavement in front of Cobb & Co.'s Royal Mail Booking-office a noisy., bustling, fussy crowd, individually oomposed of passengers, passengers' friends, porters, spec- tators, purveyors of fruit and evening papers, gossipers, larrikins, and loafers. Waiting for the mail ! Unprotected females of uncertain age grimly mounting guard over a citadel of black covered trunks, brown paper parcels, and unwieldly bundles, in which mysterious articles of apparel-are bursting through the flimsy cover ing afforded by the last week's Register, and intended to hide such sacred things from the vulgar gaze; while last, but not least in the anxious regard of its spinster mistress, comes the inevitable blue band-box, enveloped in a decidedly masculine pockethandkerchief, and proudly surmounting the whole. Waiting for the mail ! Slim-wcusted little brown-skinned damsels, dressed in the very last improvement. upon the latest Paris fashion, darting bird-like hither and thither, getting into everybody's way, interrogating stoical strangers in'the most de- lightfully beseeching tones, perfectly convinced that they are quite capable of looking after themselves, indignantly scorning the proffered advice of younger brothers, and at the some time being m a glorious state of bewilderment as to which is the particular coach they are in search of. Waiting for the mail ! Bronzed and bearded bushmen just down from the bush, and smoking the indispensable shortblack pipe, their long matted hair hanging down upon their shoulders, and their horny sunburnt hands grasping the none too cleanly but withal pic turesque- looking swag. Waiting for the mail! City' clerks and budding lawyers, finger nails trimly pared, chin clean shaven, boots brightly . blacked, hair cropped a la Dry Creek, ana scarcely showing beneath some enormously rug ly sun helmet, arrayed in the inevitable long silk dust-coats, prim, precise, and proper, pacing slowly up and down the pavement carrying the conventional black leather bag, and occasionally, not without some little display of importance and ostentation, comparing their patent lever with the clock above. Waiting for the mail ! White-capped, blue-coated, and snowy-trousered policemen, serenely passing through the crowd in the conscientious performance of their arduous duty; swarthy-faced Hindoos vending apri- cots and oranges; scantily-clothed friend- less-looking lads, rushing frantically to and fro and shouting their shrill cry of "Journal," " 'Sprees." Waiting for the mail! Fathers'off ' to their children, husbands off to their wives, and lovers off to' their sweethearts; paterfamilias with the charge of the luggage and the due securing of comfortable seats weighing heavily. upon his over-wrought mind; materfamilias, with the eldest bey clinging to her gown, the youngest girl hanging shyly to her shawl, the last but one, reckoning by events, and not counting numeri- cally, tugging violently at her sleeve, one twin on her bosom and the other twin in the arms of the red-faced red-haired Irish nurse-girl at her ride. Waiting for the mail! Sallow-faced fac- tory girls, thankful to get a respite from the ceaseless treadle and the clatter land jar of the sewing-machine, and, like the postboy's horse, "right glad to miss tue rumbling of the wheels, at liberty for one short week to breath the air of the country home again. Waiting for the mail ! Here they come; the great red lumbering coaches, their yellow wheels covered with the accumulated mud and dirt and dust of many a thousand mile of joumeyings, for no idle loiterers in the yard are these veterans of the road. Here they come, swaying and oscillating in'their empty buoyancy as the cool self-oosssssed drivers showily bring their teams up King William street, as though intending to drive through Victoria-square, and then adroitly handling their fistful of ribbons, suddenly wheel the fire spirited horses round to the front of the booking-office. Here they come! For the rural districts and pleasant townships that cluster in the valley and around the sources of the Torrens; for the com: paratively cool and bracing country places far across the breezy heights of thickly-timbered sombre-looking old Mount Lofty; and for the sylvan quietudes, the meadowed homesteads, the wheat paddocks, and the dairy farms scattered about the rich undulating plains where the rocky Onkaparinga rolls its blue cold waters to the glimmering Gulf. Here they oome! And now begins the rush for places. With an agility gained it may be in other avocations on the sea, many a bearded bnshman lightly clambers to the roof, followed .by ambitious clerks and city youths, whose enjoyment of a fifty mile exhili ratmg ride through the summer wind and sun shine is none the less keen because se seldom indulged in. Up they go, speedily appropriating the box and fining up the second seat, while a third batch adopt the heterogeneous heaps of luggage asa throne, and a further detachment, still more soaring in their views, perch them selves upon the top of the mail-box itself. Down below in a struggling crowd arc gathered the female portion of the passengers, wildly brandishing umbrellas, and parasols, and band-boxes, and fighting for a seat with all that estimable persistency for which the softer sex is so famous. Standing slightly aloof from the clamorous throng, but from a certain anxious air pervading her face and a look of impatience in her eyes, evidently awaiting her turn for a seat in the interior of the coach, is a pleasant looking young lady. This is no itundle-3tre.et belle arrayed in the height of fashion; her plain white muslin dress is scarcely calculated to create so surprising a sensation as your-more elegant costume a la mode, my fair reader; her simple linen wristbands certainly did' not cost so much as your own valuable point, lace 'cuffs, . neither have they the same pleasing faculty of decreasing the apparent dimensions of her lightly-gloved hands; her hat, beyond all doubt, sacrifices the ornamental to the useful, neither is it tipped adroitly upon the bridge of her nose, nor does it rest carelessly upon the back part of her head, but some how seems worn more as a covering than as a fashionable appendage to the coiffure; in fact, instead of being resplendent in all the latest vagaries of fashion, this tall, well-made, quiet faced young girl is plainly, neatly, and economi cally dressed. Unobtrusive as is her costume, yet I'll wager many an ignorant unappreciative boor like my self, who has not the faintest idea of taste, and whose idiotic notions of dress place him quite beyond the pale of all decent society, and the patience of all sensible women—such an out cast, I :say, would probably have the audacity tb .think, and the temerity to say, that this un \- known plainly-dressed .young person is the very type of what a lady should be like. Vociferous, pushing, struggling, with mauy panting ejaculations as to- the heat and the crowded state of the mails, the mob of passengers make their'way into the coaches, and just as there seems some proba bility. of the modest-looking young girl being left behind altogether, one of the porters rushes up with the exclamation, "Mount Barker, Nairne, Little Hampton, Callington ! KoiiH Viav Mice? 'Mice fTlara Sstrain passenger, Gregory's panels?' Here you are, miss, take your place. Just off." "But I am afraid there is no room," says the young person in the; muslin .dress, who, it seems, is the' Miss Clara Swain aforesaid. "Boom, Miss !-Oh, plenty," and the energetic porter, by dint of a little persuasion here, and a touch of authority there, proves beyond doubt that there are still two vacant places on theright-handride, and un ceremoniously packing Miss Swain in, closes the door with a bang, as the bulky mail bags are banded up to the guard on his little perch be hind. One—two—three, reverberates from thePost Office clock, and with a shake of the reins and a brisk " right" from tbe driver, off start the five high-spirited horses, and away rolls the lumbering coach in a whirling cloud of dust. Plunging in the broad leather traces, and vainly attempt- . ing to break into a mad frolicsome gallop, the team rattlee. round-"Vfetoria-moare,past the Oourt-Houses, down through the broad half-buiit streets towards the outskirts of the town, and at |~laefr eondeeoendiiig-tomoderate -itovaee-to-a respectable trot, spanks away down the Mount, Barker-road. ..Outside puwengerB are soon too, busily engagedfilling theirpipes to indulge in much conversation, while jncdde things axe be-, ginning to assume a mar? comfortable look. Uh wildly panels have been stewed away beneath, the seatj gannt unbrellas, gifted with an awful propensity for rmg 'finmrni eves, ribs, and Umbo, have retired from active service in the corners: bags and bundles haye fallen on the floor; diesses have been readjusted, shawls polled down, and flounces trigged round, and floshed- looking matrons, who ten minutes since were bitter enemies in their struggle for a seat, are now exchanging amiable common-places about the weather and the inconvenience of travelling bgp coach. Away with a ramble and rattle and jolt;, through the pretty little village of Glen Osmond, and. Master Johnny has peeled his orange and spilt the juice over his neighbour's green silk dress, and received the usual maternal lecture for his carelessness. . Away with a rattle and ramble and joit, over rustic bridges, and under the shadow of lofty hills, and Annie has com menced operations upon her second bun, while the baby has scattered a choice assortment of moist. biscuit crumbs over the muslin .dress; which, excited our admiration at the booking office; Its possessor, Miss Swain, looks up with a pleasant smile from the novel she is endeavour ing to read, and as the hilly road steepens, and the coach gradually changes its swift-motion for atedious crawl, she. offers to relieve the good humoured-lookmg owner of Johnny and Annie and the baby «f her youngest charge. Taking the baby in her arms she soon calls forth a fresh - display #f infantile jocularity by sundry feminine manoeuvres, mysteriously adapted to the comprehension of its tender mind. Miss 8wain should be used to the management of children, and acquainted with all 1he!rlittle likes, irad dislikes,' for is she not governess in the household of Mrs. Purley White, who, happy woman, is the. mother of thirteen, with ages ranging from the infant, Louis Napoleon, ®tat: one, to the accomplished Miss Celeste, who has been " finished" in the orthodox manner "at a most aristocratic and expensive Melbourne school, and who has just returned to the parental roof, endowed with an amount of refinement which calls forth the awe and worshipping admiration of her leaa polished progenitors. Lacking nothing in the way of accomplish ments, Miss Celeste is prepared to take that position in society -for which her gentle birth, good breeding, and acquired. talents so ad mirably befit her^ and to the attainment of which laudable object the whole of her elaborate education has apparently been directed. As cultivator of the budding intellect of sudh a distinguished family, it is not to. be Wondered at that Miss Swain should find herself at home with children, and indeed her present journey, ewes its origin to the advent ot a certain wondrous baby that has lately put in ah appear ance at Gregory's Gables. Oaring the winter Mr. and Mr& Gregeiy, a young married oouple just emerging out of the billing and cooing period of married life,.-paid a brief visit at Mrs. Purley White's villa residence. During _ her short'stay Mis. Gregory struck up a violent friendship with Clara Swain, the patient good tempered governess, and on leaving The Mount : of CMives, fibs. Purley White's palatial abode, 1 made " that dear Clara" promise to spend her ; next Christmas holidays at Gregory's Gables, when she might also be kind enough to take a , somewhat prominent and .responsible part in a certain interesting ceremony expected to take . place about that period. The hoped-for heir of the whole of the Gregory estates having duly kept his engage ment, and Christmas having arrived, Miss Clara Swain, as godmother- elect, is on the road to fulfil her promise of six months since. Away with a rattle and ramble and jolt along the winding ridge that overlooks the deep gorges ■ j of the cool Mount Lofty Ranges, rolling up with, a swaggering insolent air to the deor of way-side - country .post-offi oes, manning merrily onward beneath overhanging gums; and between steep rocky "banks, 'dashing up hill and down dale, and at last the first stage of the-journey is over. : \- Away again once more, with a rattle and! rumble, and jolt, threading the dense scrub, darting out on airy eminences,.and, flying down . I steep and sudden curves, then for miles on level 14 roads again, crossing primitive looking bridges, over dned-up creeks, clattering through dleanly German townships, and waking up the honest Teutons frpm. their chronic state of lethargy and sleep. . Away with a rattle and ramble and : jolt, and' then down goes the brake, and back the steaming horses spring upon their haunches, as amidst an atmosphere of singeing leather the coac}i is pulled up -with a sudden jerk, .and Gregory's panels are reached. Waiting far the coach stand Mr. Gregory and a tell boney-shouldered gaunt- fijurod lady, bearing upon her pinched-up face and display ing in her grey- corkscrew curls the too too evi dent stamp' of determined spinsterhood. No sooner, has. Miss Clara Swain's smiling .face ap peared at the coach door than eneigetic little Mr. Gregory rushes, up to welcome her, .and lend her his assistance in alighting, and this feat being accomplished, tugs at her luggage like a diminutive Hercules, and makes arrangements for its transit to the house. Then with the air and manner of one who feels himself utterly un worthy to undertake so honourable an office, he with many bows and smiles introduces his com panion. "Miss Clara Swain, Miss Deborah Tingle," then half aside to Miss Swain, and with a significant glance towards Miss Tingle, "My wife's aunt—a most extraordinary woman—intel lectual, literary, and all that; writes books and poetry by the bushel. •_ Shouldn't wonder if she is composing a poem of welcome to you now." "Ahem! aunt, when we get home you must let Miss Swain- read your 'Scrub Gatherings.'" "A sweetly pretty collection of poems,- Miss Swain. Veiy favourably acknowledged by fier Gracious Majesty the Queen." " If Miss Swain possesses a soul sufficiently poetic to understand and appreciate my humble efforts to.depict in glowing words the thrilling scenes of nature, I shall only be too happy to let her read my.little offering to the muse," re turned the prim Miss Tingle," an offer which is no sooner made: than politely accepted by the good-hearted governess, who is too well-bred to laugh at this old maiden lady's little eccen tricity, ; - Gregory's: Gables is soon reached, its pro prietor enlivening the road with running com mentaries -upon the many and varied volumes published by " My wife's aunt.". At the door of the Gables, and .holding in her maternal arms the most wonderful baby that ever was born, stands Mr. Gregory's young wife, impatient - to welcome her dearest Clara, and duly exhibit-the treasure that has been given to her since last .they met. Having met and kissed and .embraced with a careful .eye to the safety and convenience of .the marvellous baby, the conversation for the next half hour partakes more of the: nature of a series of.ejaculatory . remarks, and might, easily be summed up in the expressions-—'".Oh, is'nt. he a beauty! The duck'The pet!" ,&c.;, &c.;, Ac., adinfinilnm, -until the;' whole, vocabulary of -praise is thoroughly exhausted, and sinking nature being in t-be same deplorable condition, Mr. and Mrs. Gregory, the unparalleled baby, my wife's aunt, . and Miss Swain all sit down to a thoroughly old fashioned bush tea. The greater part of the conversation during tea-time was devoted. to a recitation of the remarkable instances, of sagacity already dis played by the juvenile Master Gregory. It was affirmed on the highest authority, being none other than the trustworthy testimony of Aunt Tingle, that he bad distinctly beon sean to smile at some facetious remarks addressed to him by bis happy tether.. Foolish little Mrs, Gregory showed two slight, and excepting to the unerring vjsion of a maternal eye, well-nigh -.invisible marks, upon her fore-finger, made by this extra ■ ordinary child in a futile attempt to cut its first tooth. As for poor.impulsive Mr. Gregory, what • with elevating " my wife's aunt's" genius and literary talent to the seventh heavens, and then comiDg down again to exalt his son and heir's faculty of distinguishing between ideas to a still 'higher pedestal, he was pretty busily employed during the social meal. "My dear," said be, "you must show Miss Swain those interesting little sketches-of your aunt's. A-series of short colonial tales, Miss Swain; most touching, I assure you. Published at home; immense cir culation. His Excellency wrote through, his Private Secretary, saying he had never read any thing likethem." Then, man audible whisper, "Avery clever woman, my wife's aunt; moved in the highest circles; knows the names and families of all the nobility at home."' At this somewhat public acknowledgment of her virtues and attainments Aunt Tingle smiled" a lacka daisical smile, and coughed an affected senti mental little cough, as who should say,"None of these things move me; I am well used to the breath of praise." Then off the little man started on the other tack. "Child!" said he, " I never saw such a child in my life; knows everything-, I believe. ■ You'd Scarcely credit it, Miss Swain, but it is' nevertheless an incontro vertible fact, that' that child there watches my every motion, and copies me in all things.' Only last night I found him lying asleep on the floor with a piece of stick in his mouth. .Teeth, says my wife. Stuff, say I. He had seen me during the hot weather lie upon the 'sofa and smoke a cigar, and he was just imitating me,- the rogue. Wonderfully precocious child!" And so in the praise of the little stranger and the maiden aunt, the cup which cheers but not inebriates and the merry joke pased pleasantly around. ! As soon as there came a pause in tl«« storm of adulation, Mm Gregory endeavoured to inter pose with a change of subject. ± J \- *'W« kwajebigr-m-tta-eNakgf^ y#a are not top tired with your journey, Clara.' dear, "said she. , , . -V , ^ : "Motting abort of the journey bach io town agam would tire me, Itbink." j — "How glorious it must be to findonsaelf in all the joyous buoyancy of youth.'! parentbetieaHy remarkedAunt Tingle, appropriately turning up her eyes to the fly-spotted oefliug-of tiw kmr> lowroom. "Well, Clara," returned Mrs. Greyenr, "!Wa hare promised to get Hie church. deooratodfox the Christmas sendee to-morrow and forth* christening: and as 1 shan't -vpry well be ataie ta leare baby I thought Aunt Tingle and ypa, and John and Mr, Xrsfam> who nnn iTpnpod ta come across, would manage verynioely. -Oh J he s such a -nice Allow, is Hany Trefny»!and Ttnte ,mr®« you'll fall inloVewHb Mm.' And, Clara, he's got beam at moueyl two«ta* tions in the N orth, and lots of land roundlhcret and he's awfuUy handsome, and I do m bona hell • ■ -and here, laughing and' blashing,itha tiqicqIohslittlewomeii infiolitfrfliiMy tnidiMflBg praise of tins demi-god as the general- "^1 servantrgirl made herappearaaoe at the dooc with the. gratuitous information—" Plauw ^ifj aim here's Mr. Trowris, "M." Whweop^thsE eahmable young man entered the roots, and put charms. xxmpernrog if father confused in manner, but with a mis* ehievous smflestill forking round the corners of her mouth, Mrs. Gregory did the honours af tha house. Godfather Trefusis, baohelor, of ft'i Godmother Swain, spinster, Adelaide. Miss Tingle, you know Mr. Trefuris, There^ now we are all at hppie!"--a remark which, if intended, to implypecfeut and universal ease,' oould scarcely be said to apply to Mire jBwain,' who wasblusbing up to the roots nt hm hi? and hardly knowing which way to look in tho confusion caused by such an embairaasiiur ferns of introduction. - ■ "I am afraid Miss Swain will, find us rathe# dull and prosaic up here amongst the hills aftee the dissipation of Adelaide,' observed Mr.' Trefusis, casting about for some safe subject of remark. "Oh, I don't see much of the dissipation of the city, I am only a governess,and;iny expo* nenceof town life is school all the week and church on Sunday—church on -'Sunday - and school all the week; sometimes hy, way of n changej an instructive lecture, and occastonsllw a concert at White's. Booms, Governesses, as f rule, don't complain of excess of pleasure." " By Jove! that's a smart gir^'Thought MrJ Trefusis, merely venturing an acquiescence,' and, it must be confessed, somewhat inauu by way of reply. - • . ./, ■ , ■ Clara has come up here dfor a good rest and plenty of horse exercise,1 you-must rjf!!L S afc *ho oovntryt Haimxfyuu have spare time, while poorrJfohn-bere is almost worried out of his senses with me, Width* baby, wdthefanq," ...» : 7 " I shall only be too t happy," paswered the young man, 'and shall always htewrthp ynnng gentleman who was the innooent means of coupling my interests with those.ofrPp a co-sponsor at the font as an hp , Jt'sm^iiw yerywapn," concluded. Mr. Trefusis vaguely.' apparently deeply interested in the motion of a particular fleecy cloud across the sky; and endea vouring to make things pleasant for faimself vfiths the blundering tact and duplioity peculiar to the Outofifaf£**01? WheD ** findB itee3f flfPndering ■ " I am afraid I am usurping Hfiy .Tinirie'tf office in tiiis ceremony," interposed Mim Hwaih, anxious.to break.'the awkward. pausewhScti ensiied upon Harry Trefofli8'sunfortuiiateBttSmDfc at amiability. .... • "No, no,no, my dear! I have always tstafeliM refused to stand godmotherj.it is, such a :*erw solemn responsibility that I am really .afraid of undertaking it." * .... i "How muoh more, then, should I be,nOryeufl of rushing m where you fear, to tread,Miss Jungle. Hut I suppose I mustn't. dismpoinfc Mis. Gregory, even at the risk of failine an mw sponsoHhip-and with Mr. Trefmd<3 to help me3 it ^Able to pull through.'But mind J Mr. Trefusis, you must beanswerable for all tho Heaviest offences which this ryocuti? gtiatlemail inay take upon hunself to conunits" Certainy, certainly," replied the rash ymtr.g squatter, already over head and oars in loveuritS the pretty, vivacious young godmother; "but meanwhile suppose we inaugurate the christening ceremony by commencing the decoration of tha church." , started the party for the little Gothfe building situated in a knoll some three miles through the scrub, Mr. Gregory and "Mi Wife 8 Aunt" leading .the way, followed by Mr« Trefuma and Clara Swaine "Those young people are in love with- each ®ther, John," confidentially remarked -Aunt Xugle to her admiring nephew as they walked along. ' . . - f . " Do you think so, Aunt?" incredulohsljr ques tioned Mr. Gregory, who nevertheless dield Mtas Tingle's perceptive faculties an the highest esti mation. " Think so j of course I do! I know it. I oatt see it In their eyes;" and then, with a Machi vellian depth of cunning for which her most ardent admirer would soarcely have given hex credit, she added—"I shan't be able to help much this evening, Jolinp I have just thought of a fine subject for a poem, and I t.hinlr I could work out my ideas so nicely in the pulpit while Miss Swain and Mr. Trefusis ore busy down below." " But you must stay and do chaperon, Aunt," for I shall have to leave directly we get there. However, there won't be much work to do, for the school children have been all day gathering pines, and shrubs,' and flowers, and heaping them- up inside the church; and the wreaths are made and the texts written, so all- that needs ta be done is merely giving to tiie whole affair a : finishing touch." • Arrived at the church, everything was found as Mr. Gregory stated, Mid, having started them fairly on with their work, that anxious husband. \- under pretence of being obliged to look over the form, made all possible haste back to his Kttle wife, tearing the key of the church in the door, and . giving Harry Trefusis strict injunctions'ta see all safely locked up before leaving for home. An hour or two passed rapidly away. Mr. fre fosts and Miss Swain, with all the sociability of ' friends, supported each other upon rickett w forms, mutually assisted in the designing of fes toons, together twined wreaths, and cheerful]w went through all the labour of decorating- a church; - while Aunt Tingle, like tiie most gracious of the Fates, smiled down upon- theux from her perch in the pulpit, where, with the aid of the parson's pen and the' charwoman's flat candlestick, she was busily engaged cultivating; the acquaintance of the Muse. Outside the church the night strode- swiftly ^^themeon. rising over the surroundig hills, illumined scrub and clearing,- farm and homestead, with its silvery light. Three miles ■ off, nestling amongst, tiie grand old gum-trees, could be seen Gregory's Gables^ with the. red light streaming through the dining-room window: Mid far away down the dusty road' could indis tinctly be discerned :the blurred and flickering lamp, of the wayside public-bouse. Gradually growing from a dark speck' in the distance to a black and burly form in the white backgrounds i®®"*eam® slowly down towards the church,* and evidently from the public- house, a jolly look ng man. As he rolled along in an easy, devil-may-care sort of way, he softly hummed ta hunseiPthe fog end of some-half-forgotten song, learnt, it may be, on some snowy Christmas Eva passed in some rustic village for away in merry England more than twenty years ago, when he, a shock-headed lad, joined the. carol-singers ii» their rounds,-and never even dreamt- of such'a place as South Australia.. The old song seems to recall the memory of early sports, Mid as ha reaches the church, 'and peeping in at the door, sees the queer figure of the maiden lady in.tha pulpit and the young couple below, and then, catches right of the key left in the door, tha old boyish spirit ef mischief and fun once agtfin wakes up in him, and the inevitable temptation to indulge In one of his ancient sprees comes upon mm so strongly that he is obliged to retira to a- quiet tombstone and stuff Ms great .red handkerchief in hismouth for fear of awakening the forest echos with his uncontrollable burst o£ laughter. - - - "My word! here's alatk. Wouldn't it be st spree to lock 'em up in the church -and take tha key up to Mister Gregory's ?" «gVg the irreverent tippler of no one ui particular. There being no -reproving spirit1 by -to animadvert upon tha sacrilegibus nature of thei act, this 'elevated old ■ party softly .steals to thp church and quietly pro-' coeds to -turn"the' key and lock the outer door^ gasping meanwhile in the most alarming manner -from behind his red-bandanna. Having safely accomplished this, Ms unhallowed mirth knows iu> bounds,_ and, rolling spasmodically upon tha ground in Ms paroxysms of laughter, the tightly-' compressed handkerchief is at last forced from Ms mouth, and -a noisy echoing shout poors forth -upon the air. This relieves him, and to a certain extent alarms Mm too, for, cautiously, picking himself up, he pursues his way towards Gregorys Gables, for the express purpose of leaving the accidentally discovered key. "Did you hear that laughing' jackass," observed Aunt Tingle, who was just in the of her seventh stanaa, " its very late for them ta be about in the scrub. I never heard one at this hour before." • "A Christmas reveller, I expect,"said Mr TrefuBis, coming much nearer the truth in Ma guess than he imagined; Aunt Tingle made is vigorous attack upon tiie eighth and lastversc^ and Mr.Trefusis and Miss-Swain proceeded to put the concluding touches to their work. The portn and -tiro porch being finished about the same time, the candle of inspiration was 4Uown* out, andwith^one or two oMerv&tiona; upontbe qbb of ' sweeping tbfere would be for the char woman next morning, the partytumed to take a last gaze at the decorations as seen by the light of the.young moon, and then made for the . porch." • ' "Bless me! how thedoor sticks," said Mr. Trefuais,wshegave it 's vigorous tug, "it must be the heat," and he gave it yet another pull. • "Good gracious, I hbpe we not locked-iii'like the bridei in the ' Mistletoe Bough,' " exclaimed Aunt Tingle. «< OUTL— 0 r charwoman 'is certain to be here early in the . morning," philosophically observed the practical' I governess. " ' w»rry Trefusis -said nothing, but glanced at the windows, which were high and narrow, and tugged untiringly at "the coor. At last a sudden Inspirationrseemed to strike him, and kneeling down he applied his eye to the key-hole. It was aa he expected—the key had disappeared, and the door was undoubtedly locked. Turning round to his companions, be with a eomical ex pression ef despair communicated this disagree-' able fact to them; and glancing down at his own rotund" proportions, and up at the extreme narrowness of the windows, he ruefully thought of supper-time, and came to the conclusion that they were looked in the church for the night. > The first thought that naturally passed through Harry. Tkefusis's mind wa& "Are there any other means'of egress besides the door." lA momentary ' glance around the_ building soon gave a negative answer to this mental ques lion. "Unfortunately,", said he, "one very useful portion of my education has been sadly neglected, or I might be scientific enough to pick the lock. As for getting through one pf the windows, none of them open, excepting J that long narrow one at the end of the ohurch, and it would be an utter impossibility to squeeze my bulky frame through such a straitened pas sage as that affords." "Ah, Well>" coolly observed Miss Swain, " I suppose Ware locked in for the night, so we may as well make the best of a bad bargain," and this philosophical young lady comfortably ensconced herself in the snuggest corner of the snuggest pew. How, as it hath aforetime been hinted. Miss Tingle's classical proportions were decidedly angular in their nature; in fact, the pertest Hiss Purley White had more than once affirmed, in reference tothis second Sappho's lackof graceful contour, that she was a "scraggy old skeleton." Withttut, however, presuming to cast so dread ful an'imputation upon one of the gentler sex, I dull bo quite safe in saying that Aunt Tingle was far fromfat; in short, not to put too fine a point upCfl it;; was most lamentably bony and thin. What nature had denied her, however, the poetical old girl made up in art, and by the aid of sundry mysterious feminine mechanical contrivances, end with the assistanoe of an immense crinoline, she mads quite a respectable figure. "Clara, dear," said she, "please come over here a minute, will you," and she blushingly beckoned to the more stalwart and better developed Clara Swain. A whispered conference, Interrupted with broken ejaculations and modest giggles, immediately ensued. In about , five minutes, during which period of time Mr. Trefusis softly whistled a most melancholy chant and abstractedly fixed his attention upon a particular swallow's nest amongst the beams, the confabulation came to % close. " Bray, excuse me, Mr. Trefusis," said Hiss Tingle, " but could -you—so very embarrassing—that is to say, would you, or rather— Beally, Clara," . and the poor lady suddenly catae to a stop, over powered with modesty and blushes. The good humoured governess came to the rescue of her confused sister. Said she, with a merry twinkle in her eyes, " Since your inventive genius, Mr. : Trefusis, has failed to discover a means by which we two damsels may escape from durance vile; : and since that, unlike a true knight, who should be capable of working wonders, you are content , to sit down helplessly with ns, Miss Tingle here . has nobly volunteered to take the office properly \- belonging to yourself, and te be your liberator and mine from our unexpeoted imprisonment. Therefore, Sir"—and here the young lady's tang fi oid almost deserted her—" therefore you must oblige us by turning your head the other way; in fact, remember Lady Qodiva and the punish ment that fell upon Peeping Tom for his unholy curiosity, and don't dare to do so much as open your eyes until I give you leave." Poor Aunt Tingle) what could be the matter with her! The good old soul's face was suffused with blushes, and her whole demeanour betokened that she was in a state of confusion absolutely bordering upon distraction. Like a lamb, as Clara Swain, afterwards expressed it, Harry Trefusis, without another word of admonition, proceeded to do as he was bidden; but,although commanded to close his eyes, Miss Swain's orders did not deprive the obedient young man of his sense of hearing, and he could not but be aware that some mysterious rite was going on behind. First of all oamo a little 6cuffie, then a duet of smothered giggles, and, lastly, a smart clank as of some steel apparatus on the stony floor. " Now, Mr. Trefusis, you can look round." The young man complied, and saw before him the towering form of poor Miss Tingle denuded of its circumambient crinoline. "So very awkward, Mr. Trefusis, but will you? Oh! really, Clara, I can't proceed, I, that is—really!"—and once again the young governess came to the rescue of her sister in distress. "Now, Sir," said she, "be polite enough to assist Miss Tingle through the window." " But, as no human being could squeeze through that narrow place, it's a physical impossibility," replied the perplexed young man. " Never you mind. Sir, but do as you are bid. Now, Miss Tingle, here is the chair. Mind, take my hand; now one foot on the ledge. Ah! that's all right. Come, Mr. Trefusis, exert yourself a little!" and so, with , scraps of encouragement like these. Miss Swain , , at last ooDvinced the doubting knight that the egress of Aunt Tingle wasaperfectlyfeasiblefeat. . So narrow, however, was the passage, that it \- required a good deal of squeezing, even of the \- poetess's angular proportions, to effect an exit, . At last, however, she sprang lightly on the \- sward outside. " Good night, Clara dear," said . the good-natured old girl; "don't be alarmed; I will soon send Mr. Gregory back - with the key;" and off she started on her journey through the scrub. Imagine the surprise and the consternation of Mr. Gregory when she arrived at Gregory's Gables with the story of the locking in, and \- found no key had been delivered at the house, " It's evidently! some drunken spree," said the indignant Churchwarden. " But what on earth are we to do, John? Poor Clara and Harry Trefusis can't stay there all night and be starved. " Certainly not," returned the master of the house. "I'll tell you what, I had better ride across to Cumberland's; he, as Minister's Warden, keeps another key, you know." " Yes, do dear; and while you are getting the horse ready Aunt Tingle and I will pack up a basket of provisions," suggested hospitably, minded Mrs. Gregory. John Gregory, duly oharged with encouragement and refreshment for the imprisoned pair, was soon on his way toward a the church. As he rode away from the front . door that wicked little Mrs. Gregory remarked confidentially to Aunt Tingle that of course it was very annoying, but still she eould not help thinking it was undoubtedly the very best thing that could possibly have happened;" whereupon, . would you believe it ? that deceitful scheming old maiden cheerfully acquiesced with, the answer—" Yes, nothing could have come about more nicely." Nicely, indeed! The church was soon reached, and the pro visions handed bit by bit through the narrow window. Mr. Gregory was overjoyed to find that the unfortunate young people had not up to that point swooned away with fear and exhaus tion ; and admonishing [them to pitch into the eatables and drinkables, and to keep up their spirits, he rode on towards Cumberland's, some ten miles off. "Now for a particularly original picnic," said Harry Trefusis as he and Clara spread a white table-napkin upon the pew seat and arranged upon its snowy surface the contents of thoughtful little Mrs. Gregory's basket. First, a cold roast chicken, then a new home-made loaf, then a golden-hned appetising little piece of cheese, then a tempting little pat of butter, then a pinch of salt, then a— "No!" "<»* . that acknowledged bon vvoant Harry Trefusis. " No! Do my eyes deceive me ? It cannot be! ; And yet it is 1 it is!—a young green lettuce! and as I live a—a— violet." Then last of all a bottle of Simms's colonial ale and a bottle of Gilbert's oldest white wine. What fun it was ; cutting up the fowl with Harry Trefusis's pocket - ' knife, for Mrs. Gregory in nor haste had for . gotten those adjuncts to a feast which the prejudices of society have rendered so indis pensable. "This is the jolliest party I was ever at, and the most . enjoyable impromptu feed I can . remember in the whole course of my chequered life," said the easily-satisfied knight, helping himself to a wing mid pouring his companion in captivity a glass of wine. Then filling Up a goblet of Simms's, he lifted it high overhead, and 6aid with a very convivial and shamefully ^Irreverent manner—" Your health, Miss Swain, and here's to our next merry meeting." After that the cool, self-possessed governess began to think it mq?ht have been as well had Mrs. Gregory omitted thejbeer from her petU souptr. ■ Time passed away, the feast was finished, and ' the fragments plAeed intheba«ket,bufc still nD rignsof Mr. Gregory iand the Ibng^bxpected Ice jr. By11 the light of the Solitary Altov oaedlo which bad illuminated them at their meal, thepatient prisoners practised tnnesupon the harmohium forquileahotherhour. Still no Me. Or and 6t01 ha key. Then the poor lonely people sat lb a: pew nod talked, and-the ofirnt'lOwer andlower,' and flickered, add S&i; and rose agatnfe a fitful =fiame,and thenwhnt out ; and thfeywere all alone in themoonligbi-= "Are y6u tired; Hub Swain?' said the Hairy. '"Not Tory, thinksP' returned ihie strong-minded Clara, feeling ready to drop, but too proud to own it. Mr. Trefusis ^aa'eridebtly afraid of the ghosts, for he drew a little closer to his ,companion. "Don't yon feel sleepy,- Miss Swain?' No answer. He drew 'stall closer.; "Wouldyon like to rest your head upon my shoulder? I shouldn't mind it 'at ah." No answer. He listened. Yes, the poor worn-out governess was asleep, and the daring young man. gently drew her head upon his arm, and—and felt supremely happy. • ; Day was fast breaking over the hills when Mf. Gregory came with the key. He had .ridden to Cumberland's, and finding him away from homie ata party some six miles off had followed him there, and had been obliged to give his horse ia rest before returning on the homeward journey. On the first sound of a home's hoofs Harry Trefuais had the tact to substitute a cushion for his shoulder and the sense to remove himself a particularly suspicious-looking distance from Buss Swain; therefore that lady on awaking was delighted to find it really was a oushion that supported her head and not a certain person's shoulder, as her dreams had somehow lea her to believe. ' • : The journey home was soon made. Mr. Gregory and Harry Trefusis sat np for a cup of coffee and a oigar, and evidently indulged in a confidential talk, for as the latter said good night his friend returned with a smile, " Good night, old fellow, and good luck to your wooing." Poor Clara crept quietly up to her room, and jnst as she was curling herself up in the oozy little bed Mrs. Gregory in her robe de chamhre came rushing in, and, covering her with kisse3, laughed, and cried, and said—"Oh, Clara!" ana rushed as precipitantly out again. Next morning, or rather that morning, some four hours afterwards, there was unlimited chaffing and joking at the breakfast table over the two young.people. Mr. Gregory, who could not understand the disappearance of the key, hinted malioiously that it was all a olan to give Him a thirty-mile midnight ride. Mrs. Gregory cast out more delicate and embarrassing insinu ations, and Aunt Tingle came down in her spectacles and with her fingers dyed in ink, having been up since six o'clock writing a poem on the romantic theme of two lovers locked in a church. Just before service time a shock-headed lad, without a word or message of explanation, left the lost key upon the doorstep of Gregory's Gables, iand incontinently ran away. This act only made the puzzle more difficult of solution. What necessity is there to toll of the chris tening? How John Gregory was the happiest father, and little Mrs. Gregory the proudest mother in the land, and how the baby was the admiration of the whole neighbourhood. One incident alone of all the day's proceedings I feel called upon to relate. As Harry Trefusis, Aunt Tingle, and Clara Swain walked up the path towards the church a beery-looking individual, who stood amongst the crowd was suddenly ^so powerfully affected with some amnsingrominiscence that he found it expedient to retire to -1he seclusion of the scrub. Here an observant eye might have seen him staff a red bandanna in his mouth, while a fine ear would have detected in sundry gasps and chuckles the sounds of smothered mirth. No! as 1 said before,' I don't think it worth while to say anything abeut the Christmas and christening service in the church, especially as there was a much more interesting ceremony some six months afterwards, when Harry Trefusis, bachelor of this parish, did take Clara Swain, spinster, to be his wedded wife, to have and to hold from that day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in siokness and in health; to love ana to cherish, till death them did part, and thereto did plight his troth. And that's what came of Christinas Ere in a ohurch. * 