MR. RUPE'S LETTER. In the letter of a gentleman signing himself " C. Rupe," which appeared in our last, there are a few statements which deserve some notice, as coming from a Romanist who is " well instructed in the doctrine and practice of the Romish Church." First, this writer has said that to the " Triune God alone is divine wor ship offered." But lie ought to know that this is begging the question ; for if it is pointed out that Divine worship is offered to bones, rags, saints or crucifixes, im mediately he will say that the worship is not to tlipse things, but to the " Triune God " through them. But this is not a very clever distinction ; for it is one as old and shallow as idolatry, itself. The second commandment of the Decalogue, which has always been a great trouble to the Romish Church, expressly forbids as idolatry the worshipping of God through images. The Israelites of old, when they made their -golden calf, knew quite well that the golden calf was not a god ; but they used it as something through which to worship Him. The ancient Pagans did not worship the stocks arid stones before which they bowed ; but the gods which those images were intended to represent. The Hindoo at the present day, just like the Romanist, makes and mends his images before which he pays his devotions, not as worshipping the images, but as worshipping the " great spirit, " the Vjrod of the Universe," through the images. The gross idolatry of the ignorant masses may be a worship of the image itself ; but the ignorant are few who are so debased as this ; the idolatry which prevails, and .lias always prevailed, and is expressly for bidden in the sacred writings is the wor ship of God by means of images. The .Romish Church has tried by cunning distinctions to avoid the ' charge of com mitting idolatry ; but its distinctions are a .bungle. It has invented " Dulia " as the lowest form of religious worship, which is to be paid to saints. Then it lias invented " Hypeivdulia " as the sort of semi-divine worship which is to be. paid to ' the " Immaculate mother." And then, lastly, it has invented " Latvia " as the worship which is to be given- to- ,1 God; alone. Now, these are-jdistinctions..wliich have not the slightest countenance in Scripture, - and they merely show ' the distress of the Churcli to get some ; plausible covering .for its unscripturai procedure ' and doctrines. The words ";Dulia: and Latvia," occur in Scripture as equally referring to divine worship ; and .the word: " Hyper-dulia ". never occurs at rail, but is a pure manu facture to mystify simple and confiding souls. But whatever the distinction m words may be, practically they are not of the. slightest use. The metaphysical, logical, and lingual power of the Romish mind must be very great, if, when rapt. up: in the favour of " Hyper- dulian" worship it can keep from coming into the Latvian . domain ! Wheri: the Romanist is appealing to Mary, as '' the refuge'of sinners ;" when lie is looking to her as able to " command her son when lie is weeping before her image, and saying Dispensatrix of the divine grace, you save whom you please 1" marvellous must rbe his power to measure his fervour, and to distinguish his worship, to save himself from idolatry. He does not save himself ; but then the church has forgiveness for the excess ; for God, the church says, will par don such mistakes of mistaken fervour ! But " Mr. Rupe " has forgotten that " Latvian " worship, that is, the highest of all worship, is given to the Cross. No doubt, he will say that it is not to the wood of the Cross, unless as " the symbol of salvation," and that " really it is given to Jesus who hung upon it." But this is a shuffle. You may as well give Latvian worship to the spear which shed his blood. You may as well give Latrian worship to the grave in which he lay ; for the spear and the nails and the grave had as much to do with the work of salvation as the cross itself ; but if Latrian worship is to be given to the cross because through the cross it is given to Christ, why should not Latrian worship be given to any other thing — to the spear and the crown of thorns, for example — since through these also it may be given to Christ 1 Idolatry is manifest on every hand ; and the doctrine of "intention," and the fine drawn distinctions of Dulia, Hyper-dulia, and Latvia, are only bungling expedients which give no refuge from the charge of idolatry. There is another thing in the letter of " Mr. Rupe " equally deserving of remark : " the doctrine taught by the preacher (at St. Mary's) was salvation by works. Is not this in strict accordance with the Holy Scripture ? Out of number less texts I quote two — 2 Peter i. 10 — ' For if ye do these things ye shall never fall?' What things ? The good works related in the 5tli and following verses. Rev. xxii. 12 — ' I come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.' Justified by faith — the gift of God, we are sanctified by holy works, done by the grace of God, which he has promised to reward through the infinite merits of Jesus Christ." The confusion and error in this little extract are a sad proof that the Bible to Roman ists is a sealed book. That any one will read the New Testament with intelligence, and especially the Epistles of Paxil, and that one to the Romans above all, and say that the teaching is that of " salvation by works," is scarcely credible. And then, to quote two passages as proving this, which prove no such thing, but exactly the con trary, is still more marvellous. The Apostle Peter, in the first passage, is telling those who had obtained the same "precious faith" which he himself had obtained through the righteousness of God and of Christ, to grow in the development of every Christian practical grace, to cultivate diligently the fruits of faith, and to assure themselves by such practical godliness of their "calling and election ;" and then because he says, " if ye do these things ye shall never fall," therefore the persons written to are to be saved by their works ! The gaoler at Pliillipi asked, " What must I do to be saved !" The Apostles announced, " Believe in the Lord J esus Christ, and thou shalt be saved there fore " faith " is a " good work," and good works save you ! When you are perishing with hunger, and you eat some bread, it is the eating which saves you, and not the bread ! — In the second passage Jesus says that when He comes He will "give to every man according to his work ;" there fore the doctrine is " salvation by works !" But to whom are the rewards referred to to be given? To the saved. And is it beyond the power of "Mr. Rupe" to imagine that Christ will give to the saved , to some of them more, to others less, of the heavenly gloiy, according to their diligence arid faithfulness in life, without confound ing this principle of reward with the doctrine that aj man ' is saved! by works ? " W orks," as J the fruit of JaWkieitiiA. the manifestation of .gratitude and love, will receive reward; but "works," as the price .of salvation, by which we win the .favour of Grid, is a' total subverion of the whole plan of the Gospel. 'Confusion becomes confounded in the concluding part of the extract. " Justified by faith — the gift, of :God, we are sanctified by holy works." The Bible says that we are " sanctified " by the Holy Ghost, and that " good deeds " are the result of his working within us. If the merits pf Christ are " infinite," what need for human merits ? and where can those merits come from if 'they are God's grace ? The doctrine of the Bible, in direct opposition to the doctrine of St. Mary's, is salvation by grace -, and who has the higher, motive to good works?— lie who expects to be saved by his works, or lie who feels that being saved by grace, all his being is to be consecrated to the praise of the glory of that grace ? 