(To the Editori of the "Illawarra Mercury.") 'A Daniel come to Judgment! yea, a Daniel! O wise Judge, how I do honor thee!" Sir, — Could anything bo more absurd than the decision given by the Mayor of Wollongong, on Tuesday last, in the case of one of the candidates who had been nominated for the office of Alder- man? Notwithstanding that the candidate re- ferred to was present, and pronounced the letter purporting to have been written by him, with- drawing from the contest, a forgery, yet his sapient Worship said, 'Can't help it, Mr Weller; I must go by the paper before me, which says you have withdrawn !!!' This reminds me of the story of the Irishman who, to carry out a joke, simulated death, whereupon a jury was sum- moned, and all the formalities of a coroners inquest was gone through. When the doctor who was giving evidence had pronounced the man upon whom the inquest was being held dead, the dead man immediately jumped up, and cried, ' Yah-h-h, I'm not dead at all !' The coroner, who, if he had lived in those days, would make a good Wollongong Mayor, roared out, 'Lie down, sur, how dar ye conthradict the docthor. do ye think yo know betther than him ? Hasn't he sworn yor dod ? We must go by sworn evidence !" But, seriously — if one can be serious when speak- ing of the farce that was enacted last Tuesday, when deception ! forgery ! ! and murder ! ! ! were the charges preferred against 'some person or persons unknown' — if the decision of the Mayor in the caso above referred to is allowed to stand as a precedent for future Mayors, most mischevious consequences will surely follow. If the Mayor is right, any two or more candidates may combnne, and at the last moment cause letters of resigna- tion, purporting to come from each of their opponents, to be forwarded, and notwithstanding that each of the said opponents may --as in Weller's case— be present, pronounce the letters forgeries, and demand that their names be re- tained on the list of candidates, yet, in accordace with the precedent established by the present Mayor, they may be put on one side, and thus se- cure an easy ' walk over' for themselves or friends. I am, Sir, THE GHOST OF ST. JULIAN. A Nelson paper states that a young man named George Croudis lately walked from Nelson to Spring Creek, a distance of more than sixty miles, in one day. 'Vienna Exhibition.— The ' Herald' states that on Tuesday last fifty six packages for trans- mission to the Vienna Exhibition arrived from Auckland in the stemer Hero. 