" Do you think the present Ministry will remain in office over the next sitting of Parliament 1" This" is emplmtically the question of the nay in Tasmania, wlncli is nsked whenever, the . political position is under discussion.. We confess our inability to answer it in any way satisfactory to our judgment, and for this good and valid reason that wo hare had as yet no means whereby we should bo guided in com ing to a conclusion upou a problem, the correct solution of which de pends upon so many and such different contingencies. Of ona thing, however, we are satisfied, that under no stato of circum- 8Wnces are we likely to have a Cabinet in the immediate future constructed out of the same materials as the last. There was something not very difficult to in dicate or to describe iu the compo sition of tho Wilson- citm-Chapmau Ministry, which rendered it par ticularly objectionable to every one imbued with sympathies, or inspired with respect for tho principle of re sponsible and free government. Yet all the members of that Adminis tration were personally, respectable, of good social position, and as mem bers of society, not open to special objection. Tho nomiiial head of the late Ministry, holds high position in nopular esteem, possesses consider- able abilities as well as social - in fluence is a fair speaker, and in his iiitcrcourso even with opponents, never tails to conciliate, if not their support, at least their respect. Mr. T. D. Chapman, the Treasurer, was a man of much experience in .offi cial details, always prepared for work of some sort or another ; and although either indifferent to, or wholly unacquainted with the first principles of free parliamentary go vernment, could have been made serviceable under a chief firm enough to assert and vindicate tho influence of his superior authority. Of the remaining members of the late Cabinet it is hardly ucccssary to refer f they had been evidently selected solely with a view of ex tending its social ati'd personal in- fluence, which, in so small and peculiarly constituted a community as ours, is considered to be of far more importance 'to a Ministry than any other support it is enabled to attract. Mr. Giblin's appointment as Attorney-General was never re garded by impartial or experienced men as a judicious movoinent. Con sidering the important trust" confided by our laws to any person filling that office, in which moro real power- is awarded than to the Crown or Parliament, no one but a man of long experience and laminar with tlio practice of the criminal law ought ever to he selected to fill so important an office. A knowledge of law sufficiently extern ive to quality the occupant of such a ; position is not. acquired -by inspiration o: - in tuition, but by close continued study and prolongiied experience. We do not question Mr. Giblin's natural abilities, which are by uo means insignificant, but we do his legal knowledge nndr; experience, which we hare always cohsiclerea to lio much too circums.ribod . 'for the safe performance of tho highly re- 'f.;.' ;. ... 7. sponsible duties attachod to the position of Attornoy-General in this colony. Mr. Giblin's, like the ap pointment of other members of the same Cabinet, was notoriously sug gested bly the private interests of one of the official leaders of tho Minis try, and not out of any considera tion for those of the public. Events of comparatively recent occurrence which became gradually devel oped since the death of Sir R. Dry, explain clearly enough why. the patronage of certain monetary institutions bad beeu specially sought ' for ' and secured. Tlioso events have been well discussed and reflected upon, if not in public, very generally in all circles whore poli. tical thinkers nud observers are to bo inet ; and their consideration brought conviction to the minds of all siTeb, that the basis upon which the late Ministry was founded, an! the sources from which its influence flowed were such as to render the Government of Tasmania through Parliament and a responsible Minis try the most insultiug of all possible delusions. The Press on this side, of the colony was virtually; chained by hands and foet to the ministerial car, by" what means some late disclosures have clearly revealed ; and the wonder is now that regarding tho materials outof which tho late Minis try had' beeu' formed, their social aud monetary connections, their complete mastery over the only organ of the press for some timo in existence in the Southern division of the island, the cold indifference and chronic apathy of the, public to all public, questions, j the wonder fay wb repeat, that it was possible to wrench supreme control out of thoir grasp. It would astonish' thoso who ignor- antly condemn us as wanting in public spirit, and for our culpable iudiflbreuce to our dearest interests, were wo to use as we might legiti mately no w do, 'the, well substan tiated facts which tho breaking up of tho close oligarchy that ruled us with such an 'iron will aud unchecked hands for so long a period hiis de veloped. It is through Parliament, howovcr, that theso facts should bo prosanted. . in their, truo character and rironortions to tho couutrv. It is by the.. representatives of the people they should be first considered and then denounced as they de serve..; The constitution of tlio late Ministry was more than sufficient to excite suspicious as to the truo character and objects of that most objectionable organisation of Execu tive power ; and when its position during all; tlio time.it oxisted shall become generally' kuown, it will be tho incumbent duty of our represen tatives to prevent by exposure and just reprobation any future attempts of a similar nature to doprive us of tlio substance of free government, and to substitute iuj its stoad that of a combination, nothing better 'or more elevated' than a : coterio of political pawnbrokers. But we agaiiii come to the question- ' prbposed - so often for solution. " Is the present Government likely to last ; over : the next sitting of Parliament V Well 1 we have !np positive repl y to mako to this Interesting enquiry, and shall, therefore, con tout 'ourselves : by iu- viting consideration to the fact that as yet no data of a decisive character have beeu supplied to the public to enable them to form even a probable conjecture upon as to the immediate future fateot Miuisters; but whatever tbut fato may turn out to be, pf this the country may rest assured, that the coterie whose representative aqd mouthpiece Mr Chapman has always been, will never succeed in reiinpos-. ing him upon the country. Lilie his patrous, his ideas and policy, if he really possossed any such super- fluities-hre 'out of date/ Tlie-public land of the colony would be hauded over in two years more of his. rule to the already few overgrown monoj- polists whose domains, in solitary isolation, now envbrace three-fourthp of all the really available soil of the colony, ' In the sane period of time he would have exhausted all the realised tooney stock, in the country in providing for the never satiated appetite of tho Treasury. Ho would have roduced the pursuit of politics to the same moral standard, horse- racing, cockfighting, and rat-killing, now occupy among sporting rowdies, and pervorted " the' 'palladium of liberty ' tlio Press- into an engine of oppression and misgoveriimont . Such would havo inevitably boon,, the effects of the system instituted under the lato Government, which was based upon a thorough contempt and defiance of all moral principle and political obligations. For those reasons it was deposod and. cast aside by two parliaments after duo aud grave consideration, and tho same causes must prevent at least for many years .to. como tho reconstruc tion of a Ministry such- as Sir Chnp- man : inspired and ruled by, let the fate of that which has succeeded it be what.it may. There is no fear, we consider, that wo 'shall bo revisited with the iuflictioii of auothe'r such government as that we havo just rid oursolvos. We must bide our time and await the full d ivcloprnent of tho policy of the Innos Cabinet ore vye speculate upon the chances of. its durability. Is thoro any treachery under the name of ' friend ship" endeavouring from personal motives to work its mini; We advise tho heads ot the governing party to bo on tho look out. ; By tho Southern Cross which sails to morrow, Mr George, Brown, coal mer chant. will send away . 100 tons of Port Arthur coiils as part of an order for 400 tons, which .arc. to..be delivered without delay. Mr Brown lias also received a telegram iaqairiiig Whcther/niid at what rate he conld supply 1,000 tons of the same coals. ""An application has also bean made to ,tliu Seymour Coal Com pany; to . ascertain at ivhul price their coals can' bo placed in the Melbourne market. This is something for our coal merchants, An amateur performance is to take place at tho Theatre Royal this evening, when'u wcll-soleutoJ programme will be presented by some of- our well-known amateurs. The- performance ' is - under the patronage' of the officers of H.M.S. Clio, and the Clio galop will Be performed during the 'evening. Wo expect to see a bumpoV house. . ' A man nnmcd Morrisby, in ' the om ploy of Messrs. Dograves, was adt. tnitted into tlio ho-pital.-yesterday, suffering front a cut across the palm oi tlio hand; which was caused by his having fell on a scythe. The wound was stitched up by l)r Butler, and the mail returned home. The bazaar in aid of the Dorwent Rowing Club' is to take place in. the Town . Hall . on Wednesday, Thursday, atul' Friday, "the 29th, 30th, and 31st instant. ; r : The fare by Page's coaches between Hobart Town and Lauiicoaton has' been reduced to 10s outside, and '20s inside by tho night- as ivell'as day1 coaches.; ' ' A patient complained to his ' physicun that lie was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going home .from the " What shape was it ?" asked the doctor. " In the sliapo . of hn nsB," replied the man. " Go home," said n. tho, .doctor; " and keep sober. You were" tipsy last night, and frightened bv . your own shadow" ' ! At: the meeting of tlio Tiismanian Fire Insurance Company which was held on -Wednesday,: a dividend of £2 10 per sliare, equal to 12 per cent, on the paid up capital was declared. The bnlance profits were ordered, to. be carried to the reserve. fund. ; - . The half-yearly meeting of the Tiis- mnniah;Steam Navigation Company, will tako place.at tliq Company's ..Office, on Monday!; 3rd; February. Captain Lucas, of the Southern Cross, has buen presented with a silver .medal by the Acblimatisation' of'Victoria. The presentation, which .took place on Friday last, 1 was accbmpaiiied by the ' (allowing letter " Zoological and Acclimatisa tion 'Society's Offiee/Stfi' Ja'naarjl;' 873. Captain Luca9,1ri''steamship" Southern Cross. -Dear SW,— 1 beg herewith to hand yoii' tlitf -society's ' silver ' niedal, which was unanimously voted' to you by the council fit their ' last meeting for the many services rendered by yon':(o the society at different1 times in convey ing fish and trout ova free of cost. The council aro,Ulsp sensible of the coartesy pnd -kiudpess of the company owning t|ie yessel ypp command in thns assist ing "the society. Hrl am; dear : Sir; youfe faithfully, -Albert R. C, Le ' Sonef; Hon. Ser- Z- and A.' S."a - : ' : \- We -take ' the following from the Cirii'ttftfl Chrdtticle . Tasmania . has gnin'ed.t wb' rtedals . for ' exhibits of . iron at' the Vuriaii Exhibition,. -.Tliei first; a silver madid, has been awarded; to the llfmcombj-lton Cemany, they having id -liiio'I :n-jl , exhibited manufactured iron, viz., n I number of pigs and a cast bell The I Tusmanian Charcoal Iron Company, the I first which has done any real work, I contented .themselves with exhibits of I the crude ore, for whioli they have been awarded a bronze medat. 