ST. PATRICK'S DAY. St. Patrick's day was kept on Monday by Hibernians and their descendants in Mel bourne in n stylo Bomewhat beyond that which has hithcrte prevailed here. The St. Patrick's and the II. A. C. 13. Societies united in making ono great display, and the result was quite equal to what they could have an ticipated. The members of the St. Patrick's Society assembled at tho hall in Bourke- street west, and marched to the common rendezvous in front of tho Model Schoels, being joined as they passed St. Francis's Church by the city members of the H.A.C.B.S. Arrived on tho triangle in Spring-street, the suburban members of the H.A.C.B.S. were added to the general pro cession, which was marshalled by Mr. S. V. Winter, who was on horseback ; and there were deputy marshals for tho various divisions. All having been arranged a start was effected, tho route followed to the Friendly Societies' grounds in the Richmond Park being through Bourke-street, Eliza beth-street, and Collins-street. A lorry drawn by four horses, and hearing a very large and magnificent banner and on Irish harp was in front, and several other splendid banners, with tho regalia of the officers and members of the two societies, rendered the effect exceedingly imposing. Tho march was enlivened by the strains of four fine bands, viz., Stoncliam's, St. Francis', and? two bands bolonging to tho suburban H.A.C.B. societies. Multitudes of persons thronged the streets through which the pro- cessiou wended its way, and vast numbers went with it to the gardens to participate ' in tho sports there provided. Judging by tho crowds that flocked into and thronged the Frieudly Societies' grounds, it was wisely dono to add to the area by extending tho fences, as, although a considerable part of the new fence has been erected and much extra space obtained, yet there was not much room to spare on Monday, so largo was the assemblage. There were booths for the supply of refreshments profusely scattered over tho interior, and the proprietors all seemed to bo doing a largo business, whether the beverages vended wero intoxicating or the innocuous tea and cofl'ee. Swings, roundabouts, and other matters for the de lectation of tho juveniles had not been for gotten, and tho votaries of Terpsichore scarcely gavo brcathingtimo to the bandsmen, although dancing under the fierce rays of the sun, and with a hot wind blowing, was not the very best amusement that could havo been selected for tho occasion. The sports provided were as follows : — Maiden Race, 200 yards. — Timothy Enright, 1: A. Ecles, 2. Cab Horso Race, four times round.— G. Row's Mickey Free, 1 (protested); M'Kcllehcr's Tommy, 2 ; W. Allen's Kitty, 2. Handicap Flat Race.— Henry Heaney, 1 ; M. Mahoney, 2. Sack Race, 150 yards. — G. Butt, 1 ; J. He- garty, 2. Handicap Hurdle Race (830 yards). — W. T. Pentecost, 1 ; Timothy Enright, 2. Walking the Greasy Pole on the Lake.— Wilson. Walking Math (two miles).— F. W. Wo«d- house, 1 : J. C. M'Cann, 2. Prize Reel and Jig. — Sullivan. 1 ; 0'Brion, 2 ; Tobin, 3. . st. Patrick's society. The members of St. Patrick's Society con cluded their day's amusement with a grand ball _ and supper in tho evening, at St. Patrick's Hall. There were between 250 and 300 persons present, and dancing was maintained with spirit throughout the evening to tho strains of Smart's bond. The large upper hall was handsomely decorated with evergreens, banners, and variois em blems symbolical of tho day celebrated. At .ten o'clock dancing was stopped for a time, and a general adjournment was made to the supper . room cn the 1 ground floor, which was decorated in a similar manner to- the ballroom. A cross table was placed at the upper end of the haU, while three other tables ran tho whole length of the room. The chnir was occupied by Mr. Martin Hood, president of St. Patrick's Society, and. upon hiB right were seated Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, Dr. Macartney, Mr. Curtain, M.L.A., ami Mr! Whiteman, M.L.A. On the left were the hon. Mr. O'Grady, Mr. P. O'Brien, J. P., and Mr. S. V. Winter. After tho tahlcs had been cleared, and the usual loyal toasts disposed of, tho chairman proposed tho Par liament of Victoria, which was res ponded to by Mr. Curtain, M.L.A. The next toast was our Native Land and the day wc celebrate, which was proposed by the chairman and responded to by the hon. Mr. O'Grady in a humorous but pa thetic speech, which was loudly cheered. In response to long continued calls Sir Chas. Gavan Duffy rose and stated that he had travelled a considerable distance that morning for the purpose of being present at that meeting. He had intended to have asked to be excused from speaking, hut when he heard the pleasant sound of Irish voices he could not resist the call made upon him to address them. It was generally understood that politics were not to l>e dis cussed at these meetings, but it was a great pleasure to And that once a year, whatever might be the mistakes made at the other c-nd of Bourke-street, he was sure of a hearty welcome at that eud, and would meet friends who did not change in their opinions. When ho met them at the Baine time last year, ho was just returning from a tour of the larger country districts, whero tlio reception ac corded to the members of the Administration of which ho wa3 then the head promised them a long tenure of offico ; but now not only had he fallen from power, but it had been publicly stated by certain well informed journals that he was politically dead. If this information was correct he must say that the meeting had given his ghost n hearty welcome, and ho would promise that every year, on the 17th of March, at the witching hour of midnight, ho would appear again in St Patrick's Hall, like Bonquo's ghost at the ban quet. It had also been stated by the samo well informed journals that I10 was going home as Minister for Ireland. This was rather a strange mission for a ghost, but if the Irish Minister was to be responsible to an Irish Parliament . (Loud cheers.) The latest news given by the samo well in formed journals had been that he had been changing his name. As this was not quite bo much of a fiction as some of the other statements, he felt it was only due to his friends to let them know how the meta morphoses had come about. It was well known that in June last he resigned office as Chief Secretary of the colony, and in tho following October Viscount Canterbury wrote to him to ask if lie would accept tho position of a companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. As regarded Vis count Canterbury, he desired to say that ho had treated him with great kindness and cour tesy during the time ho had been in offico, ana for which I10 would always be his debtor ; but bo certainly declined to grant him a dissolution of Parliament, when ho thought he lioil a right to such a course. Tho offer of a companionship of St. Michael and St. George was however made about the time when the Secretary of State for tho Colonies should have received the wliolo statement of the fact3 connected with the defeat of his Administration, and the application for tho dissolution, and it therefore appeared as if Lord Kimberlej considered that ho (Sir Charles Duffy) had not received the support from the Gover nor that ho was entitled to. Ho there fore declined the proposed honor. Shortly after this Lord Kimberley seat him a letter, asking whether he would accept the honor of knighthood. When this was known two feelings were experienced by his friends. By one party it was considered that this was only a fitting recognition of the manner in which ho had four times filled the office of Minister of the Crown, and that lie should therefore accept the position offered. On the other hand thero were some of his English and Scottish friends who advised him diffe- rently and he ultimately consideredthat he was bound to acccptthe ofieras a permanent testi mony that henad performed the duties ho had undertaken with integrity and discretion. Since then he had proudly received from all classes of the community letters of congratu lation, which liad given him great satisfac tion. After seme further remarks, tho speaker sat down, and was loudly cheered for several minutes. Our adopted land was then proposed by the chairman, and replied to by Mr. Wallis. The only other toast was the Press, which was lioartily drunk, and re plied to by Mr. Higinbothara, and the meeting adjourned for dancing in tlie upper haU, which was maintained for many hours subsequently. The members of the St. Michael's branch of the H.A.C.B.S. celebrated St. Patrick's day by a.baU on Monday, in the Orderly- room of the Metropolitan Rifles in Victoria- street. Thero were about 250 ladies and gentlemen present, and dancing was kept up with great spirit until a late hour to tho in spiring strains of Deiming's band. A great number of the gentlemen present appeared in the handsome regalia of the order, and this combined with tho gay dresses of tho ladies greatly increased the animation of the scene. The room was handsomely decorated with a number of flags belonging to the order, conspicuous amongst which was anew- banner which has just been painted for the St. Michael's Lodge. SrORTS AT fieei.ong. The Geelong and Western District St. Patrick's Society's annual athletic sports came off in the Friendly Societies' Reserve on Monday. The members met at St. Mary's, and from thence marched in procession, headed by tlie society's brass band, under tho leadership of Mr. Walker, through the prin cipal streets of the town, and through the Botanical Gardens to the grounds. The day was fine but exceedingly warm. Over three thousand spectators were present, and more than £100 was taken at the gates. Tlie wliolo of the events on the card were well contested. Tho following is "tho programme of the sports with the results : — 150 Yards Handicap Flat ltace, open to all wh < have never won a first prize at 'any advertised 1st, Join Willi ; 2nd, John Watt ; 3rd, lOOYords Boys' Handicap Flat Baco (under 14 tea's) — 1st, W. Semphy ; 2nd, W. Dcscrime. ' jj' yards Members' Handicap Flat Race, „w>n to financial members of the society only ; in Evlts _irt. P. Hackett ; 2nd, J. Hazoldino ; SrdF. Crohan. Banning High Leap. — 1st, Joseph Smith, 4 ft. 11 in.; 2nd, J. Martin, 4 ft. 8 in. Tho Society's Cup of 14 sovs., handicap flat race in three events ; 200, 440, and 880 yards ; to count by tho usual points ; final winner to re ceive silver cup with tho arms of the society engraved thoron, value £5 ; the winner to have he option of receiving either money or cup. — Cup winner, John Crcelman. 200 yards : Arnold 1st, Creclman 2nd ; . 140 yards : Crcelman 1st, P. Cerr 2nd ; 880 yards : W. Davis 1st, Oreelman 2nd. 100 Yards Boys' Handicap Flat Race, nnder 14 years. Open to sons or relativos of members. List, P- Neylan; 2nd, C. Henry. Two Miles Handicap Walking Match. — lBt, M. Camm: 2nd, J. Reillv ; 3rd, Jas. Daw. 100 Yards Siamese Race. — 1st, Collins ; 2nd, Brace and Bachelor. Throwing Heavy Stone, 28 lb. — 1st, MDonald, 27 ft. 8 in.; 2nd, Clinnick, 20 ft. 7 in. Nine competitors. 440 "Yards Handicap Steeplechase, overflights of hurdles.— 1st, Fuller ; 2nd, S. Munro ; 3rd, Crohan. Boys' Sack Baco, nnder 14 years. Distance, 00 yards.— 1st, E. O'Connor ; 2nd, J. Hogan. One Mile Handicap Walking Match. Open to financial members of tho society only.— 1st, Fitz- patrick. Seven competitors. sandhurst, « St. Patrick's day was observed with un usual eclat in Sandhurst. After the hour of noon all buaineas was suspended, and as the day was very fine the people turned out in vast numbers. From nearly all the hotels and from many other bousotops flags were flying, and the city presented a very gay and holiday aspect. There wero sports in tho Reserve for the benefit of the hospital and benevolent asylum, and fully 4000 persons were present there in the afternoon. 