THE Darling ^oions tetjttq. TOOWOOMBA, DECEMBER 24, 1873, ' p'b r i o : ' t bo o ' Christmas, merry Christmas, what a pleasant hearty souml ! Whoever tires with hearing or repeating it i For nearly two thousand years it has been one of the mogt familiar of our household words, and yet, so far from haviug become at all tame or threadbare, it gathers around itself additional interest every time it it repeated. What a magical word it is ! waking with its wand the forms and faces of the friends aud scenes of long ago— causing us to live the past over again, and to re-enact the dramas over which the curtain has long since fallen. What associations cluster around the present season of the year ! Smiling faces, family gatherings, hearty greetings, reunion of old friends, the renowned roast beef of Old Eng land, and the no less celebrated and' time honored plum-pudding, things which, though more material than sentimental, have a special prominence iti tbe group which the present season calls up. Again we lisiil thine approach Welcome harbinger of festivity ; and though thou comest not as of yore, crowned with holly mid icicles, thou art none the less welcome. Although we have long looked upon thee in a somewhat different costume to thy present one, we still recognise in thy merry cheerful coun tenance the same genial kind old gentleman whose friendly greetings we have so long been accustomed to reciprocate. A grasp of thy hand is very refreshing this warm weather, and, like a group of children who welcome the arrival of the pleasant-faced kindly-hcnrtcd old grandfather, who makes his appearance in n huge overcoat with huge deep pnekcta, whose mysterious depths the little i-oguos love to explore in search of the gifts which usually lie concealed there, so have we accustomed our telves to look forward to thy appearing tvitli the eagerness of children, and we trust that thy present visit will be characterized by tbe number and variety of good things which fually fonn a part of thy train. It seems to thy special province to infuse aunnhine aud gladness into everyone, and with a .smiling face aud a kindly word for all, thou art wel comed alike by the rich and the poor; the former, as if taught u lesson of benevolence lij thy example, dispensing his charity, and the latter sharing in Ijis bounty. Not less ait thou welcomed by the youngster, crowing out the compliments of the season indiscriminately to hU numerous admirers ; and liy the old man who has learned to look upon thee as one |-f ' his oldest, truest, and most familiar friends. ; Laden with the memory, if not with tfie scent, of the holly -bush aud the misletoe-boujjh, we repeat our greeting, welcome ineiry Christmas. ; And why not ? Why not Christmas be jas merry here as in the father-land ? The re sources for spending a pleasant Christmas fro certainly equal to those of the old comity. The lovely sky and the clear sunny days that we now enjoy will surely bear comparison viith . the falling snow flakes or the blinding sleet which often accompanies an English Christinas. And the boundless stretches of beautiful forest around us, which we prosaically call! the ' bush,' where the moat charming picnic retreats abound, are surely equal to the crowded gathering that nuke up Christmas parties in Knglaud. ' The brisk bracing air that oJe has felt on a (Jhristmas eve in the old country — that sends the blood scudding along — linking the step of young and old wonderfully Mastic, especially when looked back upon fronjsultry heat of a Queensland Christmas makef itself fondly remembered ; and even the peltiig, piti less tempest, that sends a shiver tbrongh the bones, is not without its fasciuatiow Who does not remember how the assembUd party would crowd closer round the huge GJnristmas fire that went rollicking and roarinj up tbe wide chimney — the waxing and wantag of the outside storm putting the fancy irf fine trim for listening to tbe pleasantyarn or ihe cheek blanching ghost story, or tbe still mote thrilling recital of / ' Moving accidents by flood and field.' Such reminiscences are very pleasant as a part of picturesque, but if we do not tike a partial ' view of Christmas in the old comsry wo shall Bee that all these things are only the lighter passages of a tragedy. Look in/0* a moment ' 'upon one of these pleasant Engwh parties. It is a -home of affluence and good taste. A troop of healthy happy cbildnm clap their hands, .and fairly dance again/ as their eyes fall upon, tbeiit-up Christmas' tree, resplen dent with the treasures that /wealthy papas and mamas are able to buy for iheir little ones. It would be difficult to say wh|is the happier, parents or children. On the saps of that same idansUm, and within hearing [of all the plea TiaOT aonods, stands a bare-fooled, half-naked ittme wretch—familiarly called a 'cttyarab.' jkjder bw pinched shrunken form there are all '^ffffeoy's humanities; he is las capable of v}ittjhter- and of looking upon Jwnutiful sights,. tmi 9t sharing in all that w peasant in the \- *?dd at the merriest of tbe pamperad'children wphW 'His home la only a stone's throw ♦way-ihst lowtd the corner of tbe street- - : , 4Mpr»$lftt»lto wndry others, some younger, . ? *btte*iM«r^ian himself, vainly trying to warm tfe#r#ng*r« fci the raw miserable embers called 7-MMfc*M«!i wiojy trying to satisfy hunger . bywapaof food such as many dogs would iftfyg. And** thfc little frost-bitten ragged ; . VJnnfortunate OateWthe sounds. of the light- , \- ? Matted labghter; lie wonders, in his own child j :^%j)^»tthe-- ca4MAofwiw-4Mdren. j ^liil^!B»*!J!2tB '-**?»?? Hemenls, «* next \- Sffi^^Stu^ our tipfls)£ai*«wvand ftiMpg it dmo* t/MA :M^^^**l-*4^ -imjwiMwimd ' *''?*' ' ' ''*?*? ' % * A ' * ' .j -','?' * ? ?- , Mm Pole Star, which alwara «bine«4ow« upon our English (aristm^tH We^terswled- V the^»erle»s Qeuthe/n Cross. -wbich we see| njghtU shining andPbendThg'bver lus In cabs kai'fi\0i,^Mi^t^h^eAay:i.iii[ trfueWngly reminding'! ub of , mic who originally .'gave Christmas its character, and of whose condescen sion and charity the cross is the grand central expression. We 'cannot look upon this bril liant constellation in the midst of the other assemblages of stars, which troop in nightly succession so silently and orderly over the boundless areas of our southern hemisphere, without feeling that they, like the angels of old, still chant the sublime song — ' Peaoe on earth, and good-will to num.' Ohribtaias ! What joyous and yet oftentimes saddening recollections does its very name recall in the mmds of all the millions of the Christian world. But more especially are Ihese feelings evoked in tbe hearts of all who are loyal and true subjects of that glorious Empire upon whore might 'the sun never sets.' The season of Christmas is the connecting link which unites the past with the present and joins into one inseparable bond all the leading events of an Englishman's life. The colonists of Queensland doubtless remember the frozen ponds, lake?, and rivers; the trees and shrubs groaning and bowing down beneath their winter mantle of dazzling white snow \ the corresponding healthy Amusements of skating and sliding, of snow balling and snow-building ; the sparkling blazing and orackling Christmas fire with its traditional yule-log ; and above all the happy winterevening when friends aud relations, from far and near, are once more' assembled round the cheerful Christmas hearth, rejoicing under the smiles of that Divine Providence which has brought them together ; aud anon, the old people are express ing their sorrow over some beloved ones whose faces are missed in the festive scene, because they are gone to that ' long home' ' from whose bourne no traveller returns?' But the Christmas of childhood is not the Christmas of later years. The difference is aptly expressed in Long fellow's ' Old Clock on the Stairs'- - ' All are scattered now and fled, Some are married, some are dead ; And when I ask, with throbs of pain, Ah ! when shall they all meet again ;' As in the days long since gone by, The ancient tiillepiece makes reply, — . ' forever — never ! Never — forever 1' The children come to papa and mama on Christ mas Eve, each begging for the largest stocking the house can furnish, in order that it might be hung up at their bed's head before they close their eyes in sleep, as a receptacle for the choicest treasures of the good Santa Cu.ua, which she will certainly bring them before they wake up in the morning. And the little inuocent ones open' their eyes at the dnwn of the haupy day and spring with a cry of gladness at their well-filled stockings, arons iiiR the whole house with their trumpets and whistles, kissing the new dollies, laughing and chattering over the numerous additions which they faithfully believe the good saint has brought tn her good children's treasures during the bourn of darkness. Nor can their parents resist the temptation of peeping into their room to watch the varied expressions of joy and delight, while they inwardly chuckle at the beaming little faces, dancing antics, nnd sparkling eyes which are the expected results of their ' pious fraud.' Such is Christmas morning of childhood which is almost the same in every part of the British Empire. Here, however, we shall miss the joyous chimes of the old church bells ushering in the happy day upon which ' the Saviour of ' the world was born ;' we shall repeatedly miss these merry peals, until some of our territorial lords shall be moved to tread in the -footsteps of their noble forefathers, whose munificence— the fruits of an ardent faith — raised those grand old cathedral churches (with towers and spires piercing the clouds, bearing aloft their ponder ous weight »f sonorous and musical tongues), which are the pride and glory of our mother England. ? Not even the ripe luscious fruits of tropical and temperate climates which, in the ' Darling Downs of Queensland, grow side by side, cnifreeoncile ns to the loss of our Christ mas chimes. We gladly exchange tbe ice-bound streams, the snow-covered earth, and the blaz ing yule- log for the sunny clime, the delicious fruits, and the soft cool morning and evening of our Christmas day on ' the Downs.' Here we enjoy such roast beef, plum-pudding and yule cake, as even the- mother-country cannot sur pass ; and, with hearts loyal and true, we can drink, in moderation, around our homely hearth, ' the health of friends far and near.' But Christmas is the season of unselfishness. It sets before us the pattern man, whose life was the very ideal of the most perfect abnegation of self. And in commemoration of His birth, all true upholders of morality and virtue, in every succeeding age, and in every Christian hind, have striven more especially, at this season to tread hi His footsteps. The parochial Esquires at home kill their prime bullocks nnd distribute tbe beef amongst their poor parishioners ; the Ladies' Benevolent Societies distribute their quota of seasonable comforts, in the form of of warm clothing and coals; and tradesmen give whatever they can afford in parcels of tea, sugar and fruit We do not mean to say that similar forms of systematic benevolence are required in our. own prosperous and thriving colony. For here there is very little real poverty to be found. The working man's wages vary from .£76 to j£1SO a year, ft' he is sober and industrious he can soon obtain a freehold cottage and good garden which will in this fertile soil, produce, with little labor, all the fruit and vegetables his family re quires. But even this prosperous working man is not exempt from ' all the flls that flesh is heir to.' Sickness and death often snatches away the well-earned prosperity of bis family, leaving the wife a widow and the children orphans, Aud it is no uncommon oase to find an old colonist who by industry and perseverance has brought up his family'io a state of comfort — almost of luxury ; or another who, by a life of hard toil and diligence, has secured, as he thinks, an ample competency for the remainder of his life; but suddenly reverses of fortune visit, them, either by the dishonesty of a partner in a station, or by irreparable losses amongst the sheep and cattle. Such are the most obvious cases which long for sympathy ; but which are often too proud to Beek tbe assistance of their haughty and more wealthy neighbors. These are the cases for the squatters and esquires of Queensland to search out and relieve. Andsneh are tbe almost heart-broken wives and daughters which the ladies ofToowoomba and other Queensland towns should visit in their distress and sympathise in their sorrow. Thus can they imitate the noble etample of the Christian Peeresses of England who tread in the footsteps of our beloved, benevolent, and sympathising Q'iccii. But if in this joyous season oi Christ mas they would show their unselfish disposition by sbanttK the good gifts of a bountiful Pro vidence, let them consider well aud enquire where their bountry is most urgently needed, and then let them give freely and. according to tbeirabirrtjy, withja proper and delicate oonsldera (Ion of the recipients' feelings,, Such maxims as the following do not apply as forcibly to some people ft*, toothers :— ll Deserve friends, and you win get them : 'Those who complain most of fll-usM* are tbe ones who abuse tbeaisffl vbb and others the oftwieBt* -Sor.fltbqngh the world is teeming with kind-hearted people, yet they do not siwayB exercise. that feenevoJwt^ruaenee and ooBsidcfaapp for the ftillngi-efothBrs, which, to ofcour P^ttliuigu^ isttltfalsted^} nuke their gift ntwiMjaesse$7,, c ^ j ~ ? \ ?i with feelings of pleasure, not always unminglbd with sorrow, upon the happy memor/ of Itttt paBt, when the birthdp.y(pf the World'* Sedeemer waa joyously welcomed by the village chain singing their c&vpls; and the ruiReiHrinfliQg.their liand-belle f roiu house to house,' csrmng back' their thoughts through « long era of the world's) history when, ' Shspheids at.the grange, Whentbo Ube was bora/ ^ Bug, with way a obaogc, ' Chnitmaa carols until morn.' But although we are not yet cheered in Too woomba with the village chimes, and carols, and hand-bells of our childhood, yet let us realise them in tbe memory of the past and in tbe anticipation of the future. And above all we can cultivate amongst ourselves and towards each other that ' Peace upon earth and good will towards men' which thisjoyfulseason should foster and encourage. 