¿HOSTS. (Globe.) Wi: have changed much in these days from the old times when ghosts were almost an article of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to gain credence, for his narrative without an inner reservation " that, at all events, it is very difficult to account for it." In Queen Elizabeth's time the stage direction in " Hamlet, " Enter Ghost," struck a real chord of emotionnmongat the people, and, eo far from weakening the force of the illusion, considerably heightened it by introducing a mysterious agency, SB to which all were more or less sympathetic. Thus, in the Middle Ages, a ghost had a dignity very different from the Peckham apparition of these days. There is a story told in French history of a peasant of Marseilles who was troubled by an unearthly visitor. The peasant' was to make his way to the king, and reveal to him a message that should bo com- municated to him,- but if he disclosed it to anyone else, ho would die. He did disclose it to another-his wife-and he died,falling dead on the spot, too. The perturbed spirit, however, though unfor- tunate iu this choice of a messenger, revealed himself a second time, with formalities and threats, and again the garrulous French nature could not keep reticent about the news. The tale wag told, and the narrator, in his turn, died. Yet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a farrier. The tale we tell is historical, and the facts precise and ascertained. The farrier kept his counsel, journeyed lo Versailles, Baw Gold Stick in Waiting, who was very polite, but very obdurate. A peasant from Marseilles have an inter- view with the Majesty of France! Im- possible; a thing not to be heard of! Farrier brines forward his ghastly facts. Proof offered, asked for, given. Did not two other of the good folks of the town to whom revelation had been marlo die because they departed from the strict letter of their inatruclion ? Gold Stick was alarmed. Could not the truth of those statements bo easily ascertaiuod from the local authorities ? Gold Slick was relieved- The farrier was to call iii a couple of days -ho called, saw the king in private, had several interviews with him, and returuod lo his own provinco a wealthy man, supported the revenuo, a public character from time till Isis death, aud probably a bachelor and misogamist. far the substance of tbe secret never transpired. It is all his- torical. The best artist of the day drew our farrier, the drawiug wai* engraved,and copies of it exist in several private collec- tions One writer profosses to liavo seen the print, and says that " it represents the race of a man about thirty-fivor forty years of age, with au open conte- nance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression " - a some- what vague description as to tlic whole, and one would be glad to have learned wha| was the special character of that expression. We live in different days now, aud the ago of apparitions seems, notwithstand- ing an occasional exception, lo have passed away. The ghost of the 19th century cannot keep his secret as well as his brother spirit of the 17th, and it is the magistrate, not the minister, with whom bo is confronted. The lantern of " Plcaoeman X." shines upon the appari- tion, and under this manifestation the mystery not so much dissolves into thin air as solidifies into flesh aud blood. The spirit then becomes what the Acts of Parliament cal! a "person," and the laws of the land take their useful and uninterrupted effect. And yet who will deny that there -lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted "enlightenment of the nineteenth century " can crush down, in ghosts and apparition? What is spiritualism but a mode of the same disease? We are not as credulous as your simple forefathers, and we have a way of SBvering*our judgment from our faith, aud being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that such things do not exist. What is the experience of each one ? Is there uny reader of this paper who, however fortunate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance, who has seen a ghost? We do not mean sounds or rappings, but a real bona Jîile-we were going to say - flesh and blood live ghost? The writer him- self forms no exception to the rulo which he believes prevails. Here is a story told to bim by one of the chief actors :-Three students at a university, situatod in what Thackeray calls a vice- regal city, had retired after dinner to the looms of a friend. There is no impor tauco in the words " after diuuor." College beer is small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four frionds were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly, ?£>' that every part of the room could be sect). Its shape was of this kind. The door from the staircase was at one corner ; directly opposite lo that .was was another door, which led into the bedroom. There was no other approach to or exit from the room. The fireplace was at the Bide of the inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chatting together, when they distinctly sow the outer door open gently, and a figure pass in. It crosBed the room, j and passed through the opposite doorway into the bedroom. Three of tbeyoungmen rushed at once into the room, examined every part of it together, but there was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on Boeing the apparition. What ia curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the only instance in modern times of a ghoBt being seen by several persons simul- taneously. As a general rule, if the apparition appears to moro persons than i one it does so successively, as in the French story just told. Another cir- cumstance that is remarkable in this case, is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrivedimmediately at the idea that the visitor waB a ghost. The spirit was, indeed, known to two of tbem-that is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost of their brother. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The (ale is told aB a thing that happened. There was no dowager ducbeBs or guardsman present to command the respect of the Times, but then-every one ia not so strong-minded i and naturally incredulous as that J journal. I 