LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TBTUBSDAY, 25TI£ NOVEMBEB, 1873. XM BPEAKEB .took the chair at taut/ miautoa past . 4 ooliok ANawKBa T0 QUESTIONS. . Mr. PARKES, in answer to Mr. O'Oonnor, said a communication had bsea.sent to the Bench at Win- deyer, for information concerning, tho conduct of Mr. William Mulholland, J.P. ; and it was not likely that the information sought for would bc received until tho' ?ad of tho week. ? ~ Mr. SUTHERLAND said, in answer to Mr. Burns - 1\. All plate ayers on tho railway have to walk over the entire length of their districts on Sundays. This duty was taken into consideration whon fixing their wages. 2\. The reduction of the hours of labour has already' been mado Mr. SUT HR UL »-ND; in answer to Mr. Burns, with out notice, said representations bad .been made to him by the hon member and by other gentlemen m the dis- trict, to the effect that the plan of LuBhlntyro bridge was too high. He (Ur. Sutherland) had consulted tho Engineer of Riads (Mr. Bennett) on the subject ; and he was of a different opinion to the hon member. The bridge would therefore bo constructed in accordance .with the original plan. GOULBURN VOLUNTEER CORPS. Mr. PARKES, in answer to Ur. Luoas, said that, in consequence of-the resolutions of the House ooncermog .tho Goulburn Volunteer Corp'*, being- incomplete, they had not been transmitted to His Excellency j and nothing hod been done in tho matter. -"?? . PfllTTJONS. Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from Mr. W. H. Biddell, in reference to a mining undertaking at Grenfell. Mr. DRIVER presouted a petition from 2227 resi- dents in Sydney against the Permissive Liquor Bill, and a petition from 2166 colonists of New South Wales against the same bill. . . The petitions were received. . PRIVATE BILLS. . Mr. LACKEY brought up the report of the select committee on the Leo's Estate Partition and >ale Bill, which was ordered to be printed, and the second reading was made an order of tho day for Tuosday next. On the motion of Mr. BURNS, tho Australian Joint Stock Bank Aot Continuation Bill was referred to a seleot committee for inquiry and report. . DOCUMENTS AND RETURNS ORDERED. On the motion of Mr. MACINTOSH, the House ordered that there be laid upon tho table of this House -1. A copy of the ordor or proclamation issued by L. Macquarie, Esq., and dated October 6th, 1810, setting forth the boundaries of tho Market-plnoe, Hyde Park, Macqnarie-place, Market Wharf, and the names and descriptions of the various streets, oso , in the town of Sydney, as decribed in plan 2. Copies of any grants that may have been made by L. Macquarie, Esq , to any person or persons in trust, for the uso of the inhabit- ants of Sydney, of the Market-place, Hyde Park Macquarie-place, Sydney Common, Market Wharf, or other portions of land set apart for the use or recreation of the inhabitants of Sydney. 3. A copy of the 'pro- clamation made by L. Macquarie, Esq., and dated October 6th, 1811, Bettine; forth tho boundaries of the Sydney Common, and promising a grant of the same to bo hold " in trust for the benefit of the present and all succeeding inhabitants of Sydney." On the motton of Mr. GARRBTT, the House ordered that there be laid upon tho table of thiB House- 1. A return showing the number of applications for the sur- vey of landB to be put up by auction since theist January, 1870, to 31st October last. 2 The number of lots surveyed and offered, at auction for same period 3\. ' Tho numbor of suoh lots sold when offered. 4. The number of such lots conditionally purchased before offered for sale at auction and after, respectively, during same poriod. 5 Tho number- of suoh lots aeleotod at the upset price without conditions of rosi denco aud improvement. 6. Tho number of Buoh lots remaining unBold at 31st October last. 7. Tho avorage cost per acre of surveying such lands. MOTION OF CENSURE. Mr. BUCHANAN moved-J'l. That since the oor respondones between the Colonial Secretary ¿nd the late Attoruoy-Oeneral, ia reference to tho appointment of Chief Justice, has been published, hon membors of this Houso have had an opportunity of carefully perusing it, and that, while highly approving of the appointment of Mir James Martin, ia their opinion the correspond- ence referred to disolosos conduct on tho part of tho Colonial Secretary towards his collenguo the Attorney General unworthy and discreditable, and deserving of tho censure of this Houso. 2, That tho above resolu- tion bo convoyed by address to hi* Excellency the <torernor7,''*~H^vaid-evorymBTObBr_ofi;^ - hare felt that the dignity of the public lifo of this eouûtry waB outraged, when they contemplated all thiB troaohory and falsehood emanating from a poraon so hUh in olfioo as the Premier. Hon members would havo no excuso for not considering the matter. It came before them in tho shapo of Parliamentary documonts. All the evidence was publie. It was essentially before the Houso. When thoy found conduct of this kind : when thor found tont so high n functionary ¿a tho Aottrney-Genoral ohargcd the Promior with falsehood, with treachery, with mislendipnr »»?' 3---T*» "'S ' when tnuy lounn CUBBO charges clearly ana satisfactorily made out, ie was high time for this ETouso-if it made any protensions to character, to honosty, to integrity to step forward and ozpress emphatically i;s opinion on saeh conti act as this. Tho firet impression, On readjng that correspondence, was that the Promior conld only have had a casual acquaintance .with the Attornoy General ; that ho had only met him lately. Tho im- pression mada by tho Premier's lotter of tho 5th November was, that ho (Mr. Parkes) had had no acquaintance with tho Attornor-General. "What was tho fact ? The Prämier had known tho hon mombor for Argyle for twonty years ; had known him intimately ; had baeu his warm, steadfast, ardent friend. Ho had soon him follow tho honourable profession _ of the Bar ; and had seen bim rise to tho highest placo a« a practitioner. Ho (Ur. Buchanan) questioned whether there had beon any mau during ibo last fire years making a larger inoome than tho late Attorney-General. Ho knew him rising by his legal acquirements and great capacity becoming ono of .tho leaders ef tho Bar. Ho (Mr. Parkes) had boon an eyewitness of this; and tho first man ho solcotcd to occupy tho very onerous and diffiault 'position of Attorney-Qooeral was the hon mombor for Argyle Having outrnstcd bim with that high and responsible position, ovory ono must ngrce'that all those passages in tho letter of tho 5tb November that referred to tho Attornoy-Gcnorni's disqualification woro not on'y nufoundod but insincere. (Hoar, hoar.) He appointed him to tho office of Attorney-Gcnorni- an office quito as important OB that of Chief Justice. Ho (Mr. Butler) held that office for oightoon months with honour and credit. They all recognised proofs of his capacity. With what truth or justice could tho Premier have penned that Inhuman letter F A lotter BO inhuman twas the moat cold-blooded and . callous piooo af iu ?justice over perpetrated beneath tho sun. (Hear, hear.) Tho late Attornoy-Gonoral noither directly nor indirectly made application for thia ellice in any ?03'.ible way. But whee, tho office hecamo vacauc. ho Promior went out of his way. Ho did not wait, but called at tho chambers of the Attornoy-Gonoral. Ho announced to him", with unmitigated satisfaction, that tho office of Chief Justico was vacant, and ho had ooma to offer it to him. Ho did tender it to him. ?Out of his own mouth they fixed it on him. However tortuous and slimy his way might be, ho (Mr Parkes] ' conld hot get away from tbis. Ho shook hands with hit colleague, and congratulated him ns tho Buccessor to tho Chief Justioe. They had another mooting, whon thc Colonial Secretary assured tho Attornoy-Gonoral thal ho was to bo Chief Justico. On thoso two occasions he (Mr. Parkes) left tho Attornoy-Gonoral to believe thal he waa to bo successor to Sir Alfred Stephan. All thu 'was patent onough. Nothing moro was «nid either bj the Colonial Soorotary or tho Attornoy-Goneral to dis turb this previously-arranged decision, and tho Attor ney-General wont about his usual business with thi conviction growing and strengthening in his mind thal ' tho Colonial Secretary, beyond all doubt, assured hin , that ho was to suooood Sir Alfred Stephan in tho offiai of Chief Justico _ Alter this narrative ho (Air Buchanan) had given, what could hou members thin! of tho man who ponnad tho inhuman, cold-blooded lottei of tho 6th November -a lotter so outrageous, so cou tomptiblo, so calculated to rnisa tho disgust of ovorj honest, right-thinking mau ni ive that when wa come ti ' think that tho Colonial Secretary not only broaks al those faithful premises, casts to tho wini all intogrity, ovorythiug that binds man to man, every thing that cements society-alt was thrown to tho wiu< with a rocklessnoss that soeniod beyond tho power a ?ropar expression, or of being clearly brought^ bofor bo publia And insult was added to injury ia mit roprosouting other matters in a way which tod him ( Mi Buchanan) ta think that tho Colonial Secretary did nc boliovn ono single word of whit ho was saying. He ron tho lotter of tho 6th November.. atkins hon members I bear in mind that at tho timo it was writton tl Premier kuow that tho late Attorney-Gonarat hud bec a loader of tho Dar, ono of tho largest practitioners i it, and characterised tho lottor as a monument < human infamy. It appeared that thora was an ohjeotic raisod on the ground of tho Attorney-Genoral's faith -that was admitted. Ho (Mr Buchanan) would gi' L10.000 if ho had ie for tho namo of the Kornau Oathol gentleman mentioned iu tho lottor. Was ko n myth Had he any existenco at all P Ho (Mr. Buchanan) toe exception to this lottor ou tho ground of its cruelty at ita inhumanity. Would tho Pmmier pf England Buff the public to como to him and hunt him about in refo cuco to the appointment of a Chief Justico, and dicta to him who should bo appointed to this great office There wnro cansos that taUucucad tho Premier that v 1 aro novar Bud. If tho Prämier bad boen influenced t people,-and they had told bim that h'tB late Attorney. General nan not, in point of learning, legal qualifica tiona, and ability, fit for the office of Chief Justice, the Premier knew it to be a falsehood, be believed it now to be a fa'sehood and lie h nd allowed that falsehood to sway him against bis convic- tions. As to the Bar, the late Attorney-General hud stated its feeling pretty exactly ia the assertion of Mr. Darle). In the last paragraph of the letter of the 6th November was this : " When all onr colleagnes are unfavourable to it." Why were these colleagues not on their feet to tell us this. Ho denied that all the colleagues of the Premier were unfavourable to the Attorney General's appointment. If tho colleagues of the late Attorney- Goneral said that they wore favour, able to the treatmont he had received, let them rise upon their feet now and state it to tho House, lhere was not one of thom who had known about tho promues made to the Attorney-General. They bad not been consulted. The colleagues of the Premier were treated with the most unmitigated contempt. He (Mr. Buchanan) was sorry tho present Attorney-G enera', who had the character of n refined gentleman, and who pretended to Borne delicacy of feeling and honour, was not.here. He (Mr. Buchanan) would ask that gentle- man if he did not feol disgust towards the dishonour- able conduct of the Colonial Seoretary, and the treachery and baseness that had characterised him m these proceedings from first to last. The Attorney General iu the other Chamber know all this, and yot he bad nat the honesty to wash. his hands of aa Administration perpetrating Buch ' acts, but was endorsing ali the, misconduct which resulted in broken promises, abandonment of honor and everything in the shape of integrity. If . tho colleagues of the Premier approved of- his conduct towards the late Attorney Goneral, . lot them stand up in the House and say so. He (Mr. Buahanan) "would rather be a toad nnd livo upon the vapours of a dungeon " than be a Minister under such a state' of things. But the late Attorney General was only an iustanoa of bis reaping the fruits of the position he waa in. If the Parliament refused to Bay that the conduct revealed in the correspondence was not dishonourable nor discreditable to the Premier, then let the Parliament sink lower to a deeper depth of degradation. In reply to the letter of the Sth Novem- ber-tortuous, 'designing, deceitful, double-dealing correspondence-the late Attornoy-Gonoral sent a roply straightforward, candid direct. They had the Premier ignoring his colleagues a'togother at one time, and making their opposition an excuso at another time, just as it sui tod him. Ho next referred tn the letter of Mr. Parkes bf the 8th November in reply to Mr. Butler, and contended that Mr. Parkes, though fully convinced of the qualifications of Mr. Butler for tho office of Chiof JUBUOB, had brokon faith with bira according to his own assertion, on account of repre- sentations made to him from outside. Mr. Butler's roply to this letter was next read by the bon member and commented upon. He waa'Bure that, while the Premier was Bpeaking about tho opposition, of his colleagues to Mr. Butler's appointment,' thoso colleagues knew nothing whatever about it. A very remarkable statement had been made to him, which, if it were true, exhibited the grossest treachory that it was possible to conceive. It seemed that a vota of censure was proposod by soma hon mem- ber, and that many hon members intended to give it their.support. When tho question came to a vote, how- ever, it was found that thoso bon members were absent, and did not vote at all. He had hoard, but he could not vouch for the truth of tho statement, that, while the Attorney-General was engaged in the House defend- ing the Government from tho vote of censare, tho Premier was finding out hon members and telling them that Mr Butler would not be appointed to the office of Ohiof Justice, and upon that representation, several hon mombers withdiew their support from the vote of censuro. The hon goniloinan thon qnotod further from tho correspondence. It was clear, he said, that as tho correspondence progressed, the treachery of tho Colonial Secretary doeponad, and, as a last resource, he bad-made a sectarian prejudico the excuso for his con- duct, bat tho Attorney-General had completely answered that. The sectarian prejudico spoken of by the Premiar oxiited only among a few individuals who hod interviewed him in referonce to Mr. Butler's appoint- ment, and who also told him that ho (Mr. Butler; was not qualified for the position He said he had nevor doubted his high qualifications If be believed this before they came to him and found bim over j where committed, could it not be enid that tho Colonial Seore- tary had " a people," and a very contemptible peop'e, behind him-a peoplo ho was ashamed to speak of ? Tho Colonial Secretary had aotually insulted tho whole Bar. He said, " As you aro awaro, I have always considered that tho cEca lay betwcoa Sir James Martin and yourself." So then, if the late Attorney- General waa not qualified by "liberal education, social recognition," ?See., all the other members of th? Bar were destituto of _tha9ft_r.oquiremonts._CGtear, Jhaarj; J.tjwas. pno.of tho, most melancholy exhibitions thoy Lad ever Bean-so much unworthiness, deception, and treachery in a person of snch high offico as tbo Premier. Thero waa not an honest, manly heart in Australia that did not heat in sympathy with tho late Attorney- Goneral, that did not condemn and trample upon tho detestable ways by which ho had been deceived and defrauded : no ono who (¿id not shudder at tho thought of a person who would do such things being at tho head of affairs. He (Mr. Ruohauan) had Bpoken the truth. Had not all refuses ofJieaheen fnnn^ *. -"»"V"-lTr. **. eternal T That was whore- they would find their burial. As a member of this House ho (Mr. Buchanan) bad tried to uphold its honour and dignity, and to infuse into its mombers an indopendont spirit. Though thia motion might not - bo seconded-oven though it should bo seconded and not oarried-ho would appeal to the higher tribunal of the people. Tho peoplo 'outside had not boon indifferent to tho groat dishonour dono. Tho late Attorney-General bad left tho Administration because he was treacherously and dishonourably treated. The liveliest thought outside was condemnation of the un- principled, unparalleled misconduct of the Premier to his Attorney-General. (Cheers.) Mr. UüJJNINisrT seconded the motton.. Âlter a panse, no member on tho Ministerial benches rising, Mr. J. ROBERTSON said he did not think anything could bs gained by the Houso expressing an opinion on this mattor. Tho motton affirmed the approval of tho appointment made by tho Qovornmont. That being so, it scorned to him (Mr. Robertson) that it was unwise for the Houso in any way to attempt to' deal with this mattor, which really was ono between the two honour- able gontlomen whoso names hud boan mentioned. Ho (Mr Robertson) had hiB own opinions on the mattor: but as ho did not think any advantage would be gained by dealing with tho mattor, ho moved ' ' the provlous question." Mr. FOBlTER snid this was ono of tboso questions about which hon mombors might reasonably, desiro to express their individual opinions; yet on whioh it was doubtful whether ' it was dosirablo for the House to express its coilontivo opinion. H (Mr. Forster) en- tirely approved of the appointment of Sir James. Mar- tin to the office of Chief Justice, in so far as it was an appointment to which he could offer no objection. If ho had boon called upon to oxpross an opinion between the two loamed gentlemen, ho would approve of tho appointment of Sir Jamos Martin. But if tho Govern- ment had thought proper to appoint tho hon member [Mr. Butler) he would havo boon tho last mau to offer tho least objection to that appointment. (Oheers.) He appoalod to any hon members who wero aware-and would testify-that ho had repeatedly stated privately, that if tho Government thought proper to appoint the son momear for Argyle (Mr. Butler) no abjections would over como from, him (Ur. Forstor). The choice between these two gentlemen was not a very wide oue._ Ho (Mr. Forstor) could con acive that thoro was a difficulty in deciding which bf tho bwo was tho most propor man. Ho proforred tho »ppoiutmont ot the gentloman who now held the omeo. But as the hon gentloman (Mr. Butler) was Attorney Sonoral, and there was no objection to hts appointment avon on tho ground of a social récognition (a laugh) ; Lt was now too late to raise an obj lotion to him as a candidate for tho offioo of Chief Justice. No doubt there woro minds of finer capacity whioh could appreciate tho listinctiou. Bnt it seemod to him (Mr. Forstor) that my person qunliüod for tho offioo of Attornoy.Gonornl was qualified for that of Chief Justieo. Tho practice of the mother country had long ago settled this point. It the hon member for Argyle had beon appointed Chief lustice, the people out of doors would have taken no injection ; tho Bar generally would not havo found in ¡bat hon member ( Mr. Butler) tho slightest"objection to sis holding the office of Chiof Justice. -But this waa i point on whioh ho was not sure the House was called ipon to express an opinion. It was enough to imply approval of any ' appointment when tho House lid not think propor to oxpross' a con- trary opinion. It would bo out of place tor tho Parliament of this conntry, if thoy wore ixpocted to oxpross approval of any appointment tba Qovornmont might make. But tho hon and loamed mombor asked thom to blamo tho conduct of tho Colonial Booretary in his personal relations with tho lato Attornoy-Gonoral. Thoy had before thom vory lufHoient evidence to cnablo thom to form an opinion, if it wero thoir duty to express such an opinion. Tho sorrospondonco before tho Houso was something unique in tho history of eorrospondonce. He (Mr. forster) did not think there ever was auch a collection if letters published in any community as thoBO now, aappi'y for tho rising generation, existing ia this corro ipondonco AB tho hon gentloman (Mr. Parkes) had uoeu at tho bend of education in this colony, ho (Mr, Forstor) hoped tho Government would take such stope is might bo ncoessary to havo tbU corrospondenoo pub- lished in tho shapo of sohool books, for the use ol :hn rising generation . 1 hese letters wero tho elaborate inductions of a crreat statosmau-of a gentleman who lad announced himself as "tho greatest statesman" ibis country over had ; ns tho " Washington," thc ' Gladstone," tho " Cobden,'! of this coan ry. Ho (Mr, : Forstor) did not, therefore, htuk ha was asking too much, when ht asked the Government to have thia correspondence printed, to show the rising generation how they could tiao to puVilio office. What was »he advan ago, to chil- dren of this country, to tell them to ace according to che mles of morality ? How little use was it to tell them that trnth wa« the basis of nil morality, when they had theexample of this " great ¡statesman" in thia correspondence ? Surely no . modo of inculcating morality or truth could bo hit upon, so efficacious us must result from tho publication of the thoughts of such a] statesman in these letters-letters which had evidently been thought over carefully, and prepared in the most elaborate and de'iberate manner. Education, and especially moral education, would ? receive au ¡mínense advancement from the publication of these letters. A vry great moral lessou would be derivedby tho rising generation. But it was only a question between thoso two. gentlemen, whether the - late Attorney-General was promised the office of "Chief Justioe or not. The letters were very clever ; but it might require some study to evolve tho actual moaniug of the writer, if there were a meaning, Nevertheless, he thought any ordinary minded individual looking into this correspondence from beginning to- ond, com- paring the subtle tortuous style of the Colonial Secretary, with the straightforward statements of his adversary, could not but come to any ether oinolntion than that the late Attorney-General wasled to believe all along that a promise was made to him ; ' that the hon gentlemen had a right to expect tobe .made Chief Justice. He (Mr. Forster) thought there waa a promise. He did not seo how any one, who thought otherwise, could get over one of the earlier paragraphs. [The hon member read theletter.] He took that to be a promise- conveying to the Attorney-General tho nasuranae that he should have the office of Chief Justice; and if the Colonial Secretary bad come to a different opinion, supposing that the hon member waa not_tho proper person' for the office, that very moment he should hive conveyed that opinion to the Attorney Gcnernl. But . not only was the promise conveyed to tho hon member, but confirmed over and < ver again by the absence of any explanation on tho part of the Colonial .Secretary, until tho time came when these letters began. Tho boa member was'induced to remain in office, affording the support of his high influence and talents to the present Government up to a certain timo when the hon member (Mr, Parkes) found it dangerous to keep these promises. The promise was lepeated in No. 6, page 3. -The Colonial Secretary said ho "shall not Btand in the way of the hon gentío m in's appointment." What was that but appointing ? If the Colonial Secretary promised not to stand in the way of the hon mombor. he promised to give him the office. And was not this statement, that ho would not stand in the way. a full admission of the Attorney I General's qualification for the office, (Hear, hear) I But tho Colonial Sccrotary told us afterwards, that on fuller consideration of the subject-when the public began to disouss it-when-a Roman Catholic gentleman of influence ¡called upon him to express his opinion against it-his mind was awakened to some disqualifica- tions in tho hon member. .' But how was this statement made out through tho correspondence ? Tho bon mem- ber (Mr. Parkes) found out, in consequence of this Roman Catholic -gentleman, tho hon ' member (Mr. Butler) was not entitled to " social recognition." Surely, he had. known that before. How many months was he discovering this social position^ The antecedents of tho hon member (Mr. Parkes) made it a comp ete mockery to talk about " social recognition." We were told by tho'Colonial Secretary of the opinion of tho Bar in reforence to the appointment of the late Attornoy General. Ho (Mr. Forstor) bad conversed with many members of tho Bar-both barristers and solicitors-and if the hon member (Mr. Butler)had been appointed Chief Justice, at least a large majority of the profession would have boen -found to ex- press their npproval of .' the appointment, or they would not have expressed their disapproval. Wo must judge of what the Government intended, and of what they led other people to oxpaot, not only hy the documents we posse 3, bat by. the conrso of conduct they.adopted. He maintained that the late: Attorney Goneral had been treated by the Colonial Seorotary in what ho (Mr. Forster) thought the hon member who spoke belora bim, 'obaraotorisod ' os' a treacherjns manner. He had bi en deceived, no doubt. But He (Mr. Forster) thought it all served the hon member right. ' [Mr. ROBERTSON : Hear, hear ] What else obnld he expect from tho Colonial Secretary? " lt. would have been better for the hon member if he had con- sidered tho antecedents of tho hon thc Colonial Secretary before trusting a person who had done nothing but botray his friands from tho beginning. When did he over act honestly, or without treaohery to a friend, where betraying that friend would conduce to his own interestP Was there an Incident ia the hon member's career from the beginning to the end, that did not show that tho hon member had built up his aggrandisement upon the necks and bodies of his friondB ? He had climbed into power by ""the ''.betrayal of Bia friends : and could tho hon member (Mr. Butler) expect anything telso i than | .what ho had experienced? [The hon member then referred to the notion of tho Colonial Secretary in regard to tho Kiama Ghost, tba condemned man O'Farrell, and to divulging the. con- tents of a letter which ho (Mr. Parkes) had kopt in his possession for seventeen years, and whioh had been addressed to him in connoencu us une editor ot a news- paper. J The hon member (Mr Butler) wan only one of -Lat wa might nail " Parkes's' Martyrs." He (Mr. Forster) bad not tho least hesitation in saying, that if the hon member had been a Protestant he would hare been tho Chief Justice. But notwithstanding his strong opinions in ' favour of the hon member who moved this resolution, he did not think this matter was one with which this House was properly concerned. He did cot think the House had had anything to do with tho personal relations between the Colonial Secretary and the late Attorney-General. Tf the Colonial Secre- tary had treated him like a Judas, it was no affair of ours. It was a matter, entirely personal to those hon gentlemen, and the House would be stepping out of its way to pass any such opinion as was asked by the reso- lution upon it Mr. OAKES said that all the hon gentlemen who had spoken were what was known as members of the Opposition, and it might'bo thought that it was only the Opposition who disapproved of the conduct of the Premier ; but he (Mr. Oakes) who' had always boen a consistent supporter^of the pelioyof the Government, was as dissatisfied with that gentleman's conduct as any member who had spoken, but ho thought the hon mem- ber (Mr. Buchanan) bad done a wrong thing in bringing I th* motton forward at tho present time, and the House would do well to vote for the previous question. ' Ho was convinced that a direct promise had boen made to the late Attorney-General, and he believed that that' gentleman would now be Chief Justice wore it not for. the sectarian influence brought to bear upon tho Colonial Secretary.- That was what be disapproved of moro' than anything else ; but it was necossary to retain tho present Govornmnnt fora while longer at any rate. When tho people of tho country wero appealed to, they' would show that they despised any truckling with the religions liberty of the country. ¡ Mr, BUCHANAN replied. Ho thought the Bildnce of.tho Government was a convincing proof that they wore guilty of falsehood, fraud, and wilful treachery. and imposition. Mo disagreed with the hon member,: Ur, Oakes, and considered that a Government so con- victed, shon'.d be got rid of as speedily as possible. He would be a traitor to honesty and truth had he not tnbled such a motion as the one now before the House. In tho opinion of the Attorney- General, he'could not remain longer with a Government that had so degraded itself, and as tho falsehood was shown in the correspon- dence laid upon tho table, the Hoase suroly had a right to take cognisance of it. Hon numbers cou'd only escopo from voting for such a motion as the one hollad submitted, by Bomo nefarious proceeding. Expediency, was the oxense, .but thom was a diroot appeal from this House to the country. Tho previous question meant that tho motion waa correot, but it wai not oxpedient to put it ; it was not the proper season. If the previous question wero carried, it, in itself, would bo a stinging voto of oenBuro. He would very much like to know how, tho Government intended to vote in referonco to the previous question,, for if they voted for it, they would bo further convicting them- selves. A committee was at presont inquiring into tho conduct of tho Government ia reference to the to- bacco duty. That was in itself suffioiont dishonour. It was a lesson to the country, not to place such a man aa tho Colonial Secretary in tho high position he oc- cupies. The country had reaped the reward, and one of the highest officers had made known the infamy that existed. The Houflo divided on tho question-" that the ques- tion be now put "-with tho following result : > Ayes, 17. Ur. Parkes . Mr. Bonnott Lloyd Buchanan . Farnell - * - ? - Hurley (0.0.) Sutherland , Grahame S. Brown . ' Scholoy Grovillo. Campbell. ? , : E; B; Smith Olarko ím"ii"" : Wost Stewart Cunncen J Noes, 22. ' ' ' ' Mr. X Robertson Mr. Teeco '-¡ i . Garrott ?, ? . Oakes .? . Allen . Hoy - . I Hannoll Macintosh Laokoy ' Abbott -, ? W. Brown Watson Driver Webb : ! . Forstor O'Connor Maoloay Nelson < . Hoskins . Burns) m"n". Piddington .. Lucas f. J-0"0T- ; The question was therefore resolved in tho negative, : Mr. PARKES said ho should detain tho Houso to offer some observations on a .subject whioh had been beforotho House, and he should conclude with a motion. Wo had got into an unparalleled state of things when a gentleman givos notice of a motion of censure, singles ont ona member of the Government for this emphatic censare, hangs it over his head for a fortnight, and then his friends, who wou'd gladly have veted for tho motion if there had been the slightest chanco of its being carried, escape from any decision of tho House on the pretence that the Honse ought to pronounce no opinion. Ho did not think it necessary nor proper to make any observations in reply to the two speeohes which wore delivered ; but ho did think it _ neces- sary to characterise this improper proceeding as improper and undignified . towards the - House, and impropor and unjust, towards him. (Hear, hear.) If ho bad been all that his worst opponents thought well to characterise him, he was only in tho higher . dogreo entitled to justice-(hear, hear)-entitled to some pro- nounced opinion upon conduct which had been in glaring ' colours arraigned .before the Parliament and the bar of publio opinion. But what was to be thought of men who, with all tho antipathy which long-cherished feelings could give them indulge in every kind of vituperation, every kind of abuse, and then shelter themselves from voting for : the motion, wheh they support be- cause they feared to be in the minority. He could congratulate his late colleague upon the great efforts made to gain him over by bis :new friends. No doubt he was worth the efforts. . He (Mr, Parkes) would now take leave to give his version of the circumstances whioh led to the retirement of the hon and learned member from the Administration. One would have thought that some tremendous wrong had been done ts some person ; that some person had been" despoiled of his inheritance; one would have thought that some fearful effliotion had, by his (Mr. Parkes'3) instrumentality, been visited upon tho hon and learned member for Argyle. It was a pity this vehemanee of denunciation wa* not found sometimes in denouncing proceedings in whioh tho publio interests were largely involved. It was unfortunate that it shonld bo retained for a transaction which, according to some persons who indulge in this train of comment, was a matter between two individuals. (Hear, hear.) He had been acoused of duplicity, of treachery, of deceit, and of ever] thing OIBO that could be imagined in hts relations as a personal friend. The friendship between him and the Attorney General had existed for twenty years, and up to this occasion of the Chief Justiceship that intimacy had not boon broken. It was perfectly true, os he had all along admitted, that he was in favour of the hon and learned member's appointment to tho high office of Ohief Justice. He (Ur. Parkes) was in favour of that for a considerable time ; and it was perfectly true that he combated the arguments or objections of colleagues and of othor persons iu the sincerity of bia feeling.in the hon and learned member's favour, and that lh Juno last he had occasion to wait upon the hon member-not for tho purpose of offering him this office, which ho (Ur. Parkes) had nt all times desirod, but to give bim information that the office was vacant. Ho had con- sidered it his duty to give the hon member that infor- mation because he was tho head of the Law Depart- ment ; ¿nd it was perfectly true that when ho (Mr. Parkes) waited upon him on that occasion ho gave the hon member fairly to understand that he would have his (Mr. Parkes's) support to tho ofEco of Chief Justice. But where was the evidenco in all this of duplicity, treachery, or deceit. There was evidence of what he believed was a great fault in a publio man-imprudence. There was evidenco of that he would admit.; but if ho had been the wary, scheming, deceitful person ho had been said to be, ho would have mentioned nothing about it. ; He had had no interest to servo in saying anything about it. No object of any kind could have been gained, and he would havo kept his own counsel if he had been ' the , person he was said to be. . It proved that he had been imprudent, tie was certainly imprudent to inform the hon and learned member that so far as he (Mr. Parkes) was Con- cor ned, he was in favour of tho hon member's appoint- ment, and he (Mr. Parkes) ventured to state that he would be believed when he said that if this proved any trune;, ic proven omy. ma warmtu ana sincerity or bis friendship ; that his friendship got the bettor of his judgment and prudence. Eut having committed this act of imprudence, it was held forth that ho was in honour bound to adheie to it, and carry it ont at all hazard, because they were friends. Did it never occur to these detractors that if there wera any obligations of friendship upon him, there were also obligations of friendship np an tho hon and learned niambar, and if he (air. Parker) wera bound to carry out thesa promises, he (Ur. Butler) it ha woro his (Mr. Parkos's) friend, when ho saw the appointment was likely to lead to diesatifaction with his colleagues, to interminable embarrassment, was bound, as a per- sonal friend,, to relievo him *( Slr. Parkes) from his promises. (Cheers.) Wera nil tho obligations of friendship to bo on his) (Mr. Parkes's) side F But ho did not stand in tho relation simply ns a friend in this transaction. Ho Btood as a Ministor of tho Crown, and " -hH'hati"t^coinnihnr~a'origatI^^ estimation, aroso above all considerations of publio friendship, and ho was not ashamed to say that rf he had made the hon and learned member for Argyle as posi- tive and distinct a promiso as he or his supporters could mako out, ho (Mr. Parkes) .could conceivo numbers of considerations that might ariso which would lead him to withdraw from that promiso in tho interests of the paulie. lt was a doctrine ho would nover ba a party to, to say that some promise of publio employmont was to bo binding upon the person making it, notwithstanding that he had reason to alter his opinion in tho publio interest. Thereforo, if he should so far forget himself as to mako a promiso of appointment. to tho publio Borvico. that promiso would be open to roview and reconsideration up to. the moment that it was carried into effect. He had never under- valued the great ability of tho hon and loamed mem- ber. AU that he had said was that the hou member's abilities wero not tho highest. He (Mr. Parkes) had no . means . of judging of the hon and learned member's conduct in his professional capacity, and he came-perhaps too late-to endeavour to satisfy himself -successul member of tho Bar as the hon member might hava been-whether ho possessed what was of tho highest importance for the judgment seat-the judicial faoulty. If ha (Mr. Farkas) wore to point to any cirenmstanco which to his mind proved I that the hon momber did not possoss this faoulty, it wou'd be to tho hou and learned momber's own conduct in tho recont circumstances of this coso. Tho hon mem- ber had shown himself utterly incapable of judging his own case. (Dissont.) He (Mr. Parkes) had become I satisfied in his own mind that it was not the duty of tho Government in tho interests of tho public to nppoiut the hou member Chief Justice of this colony. But tho hon and learned member insisted upon advocating bis claim to this appointment, and exacting what ho supposed and alleged was a promiso ef the appointment to him. These objections wero nover made by those who had to do with tho appointment, and when it was alleged, ns it had been alleged tonight, that, in order to disarm tho Opposition of certain hon members to a v»te of cen- sure, he had promised them that Mr. Butler should not he made Chief Justice, ho gave tho allegation the most sweeping denial, and bo would challenge any hon mem- ber to say whether any Minister approached him with such a bose proposal. [Mr. BUCHANAN : They did not vote.] Was that any proof that base measures had been resorted to to prevent thom ¡from voting P They might have changed their minds for many roasons, but the hon member had. attributed it, and tho hon momber for Illawarra had joined him Mr. FORSTER- rose to order. Tho hon mem- ber . had stated that ho would confine himself to .what had appeared- upon the records of the House, but ho had repeatedly referred to pre- vious debates. ' Ho (Mr. Forster) had allowed it to go on, and he would nat nowhavo stopped it, had his name not boon mentioned. . Mr. 8PKAKI3R said it was advisable ta refrain from spoaking of provious dobates. Mr. PARKES continued. It was difficult to avoid alluding to previous debates, but he would try and refrain. He had alluded to his oonduot as a friend and as a Minister, and ho maintained that, in both capacities, it waa quito open for him, after sufficient cause had boen shown, to change his opinion and to recodo from any promise of support ho had made. Ho was aware that there wore politicians who considorod the publio patronage of moro importance than tho interests of the country, but ho was notons of. tiloso. He bad no personal frionds to Borve, and he did not believe any instance conld be pointed out where, in any appointments be had made, he had not always endeavoured to consult the interests of the publio. It had been his lot, in tho capacity of Colonial Socretary, tc make appointments to two of the highest ofnco.i in tho country-those of President of the Legislativa Council and Chief Jnstioe - and ho had not heard a. single voice of disapproval. Ho remembered tho, timo when appointments of this high aharaotor were questioned throughout tho land. What did it all amount to ? Had tho Government loBt sight of the public interest-(hear, hear)-had thoy gained any purposo of their own by making an improper appointment to tho most important ofEco in the publio service P Was it not admitted. on all handB, that tho appintmont was approvod of P And if tho Government had waived all personal considerations, and anted lu the intorests of the country, were they to he condemned for it ?-(cries of no )-oven admitting that ho was guilty of imprudence, whioh could not bo donied ? He was at first oxtromoly desirous of the appointment of the hon and learned gentleman (Mr. Butler), but when ho began to doubt the desirability of appoint- ing . him, ho wrote . to him and expressed tho doubts that disturbed bia mind. When he wrote tho lettor of the 10th of November, ho did not intend it for publication, nor had bo published it. The hon momber hlmBolf had published it, and it WOB porfootly truo that, on the morning of tho day on which it was published, hit authorised the Solicitor- General, nt his own request, to state that ho (Mr. Parkes) was quite willing that tho wholo af tho correspondence should bo dastroynd. Ho did not do this because ha feared its publication, for ho was not ashamed of it, and he vontured to ear that tho final judgment of the country would be, in his favour. (Hear, bear.) Ho was »ware that pnblio opinion was at present against him ; be had nuticed that his conduct had been condemned very generally by' the public Press, and so far ns he could ascertain-the public gene- rally were in condemnation of bim, but he had noticed that even somo of the pub*io_ nowapapors took a view entirely in his favour and against that of the hon mem- ber (Mr Buchanan), They were not the least credit- able papers either. Ho had noticed a well conducted paper at Newcastle-(laughter) which was generally adverse ta him - he meant the Newcastle Chronicle - but in referenco to this question, it took bis sido altogether, and gaye it as its opinion that the bon mem- ber (Mr. Hutler) had allowed bis own i' juries to enter into the quotion, and had lost an opportunity of show- ing his honour and principle. The Tass Courier md th« Tamworth paper were of a similar opinion. Tho whole thing was summed up in this, that he had impru- dently given the hon member to understand that he would hara his support ia the appointment of Chief Justice. He hod made the appointment he bad made after very careful consideration, and after consult- ing with gentlemen fully competent to advise him. He bad felt great reluctance in making an advance to Sir James Martin because, he being a lead- ing opponent, his motives might have mi,intorpreted, but he was ultimately compelled to do so, feeling con- vinced that ho was the man most qualified for the posi- tion. He was. for a long , lime, in favour of tho appointment of tho hon member for Argyle (Mr. Butler), but he .'found sufficient cause to alter his determination, nnd ho had mada him awnro of lt as speedily as possible. The Govern- ment had lost sight of the interests of tho hon member for Argyle, but they had not lost sight of tho interests of the country, and it was his ¡firm opinion that, sooner or later, the public would be of opinion that those who blamed him (Mr. Parkes) were themselves tho most ta blame, and that In rising above his per- sonal feelings, in admitting the mistakes be had made, and in doing his best to repair it, hewas. deserving of a little more generous treatment. (Cheers). Mr. BUTLEK. said there waa hardly any necessity for him to make a speech, as nothing new in tho speech of the Colonial F eoretary for him to answer. He had for some timo been led to expect that somothing new was coming out, and he had listened to the Colonial Secre retaty very anxiously to hear it, but he had been dis appointed. He had not retired from office on tho ground of , the beBt appointment not having bean mada, nor did he contend for the rule that Attorney-Generals, because they were such, were, entitled to any vacant judicial office. -All that he had said was that ihoso absolute promises, had been made to him up to the time of a sudden chango that took place in the hon gentleman. In a portion of the correspondence the hon gentloninn (Mr. Parkes) charged him with having taken an advantage in re- serving matters to ßpeak of in reply. He (Mr. Butler) did not believo he had takon any advantage ; bnt tho hon member had dona tho same thing to-night that he complained of, in moving the adjournment of the Housa to make a speech and reserve for himself the right of roply. As tn his (Mr. Butler's) giving proef of his want of judicial capacity and unfitness for, the office of Chief Justico, as stated by the Colonial Secretary, he. had yot to learn that the judges of any court tried their own cases. _ Why should the hon member talk of judicial impartiality when bo could not expect him (Mr. Butler) to remain in tho Government af ter what had occurred ? He did not see that ho was blamable. It was said again and again that he was iwate of the Colonial Secretary battling his (Mr. Butler's) case with bis colleagues, aud that th*y were opposed toit. He (Mr. Butler) gare the most unqua ificd denial to knowing any suoh thing. Those colleagues had not been opposed to his appoint- ment until aftor the 5th November, when the Colonial Secretary turned against bim. - He had heard, on authority he could not doubt, that two members of the Government had declared in his (Mr. Butler's) favour up to the 5th November. When he received tho statement on the Cth November, th t bis colleagues woro against his appointment, ho want, for tho first time, to ask them. Ho called upon Mr Sutherland, aud asked bim whether be was against the appointment. Mr. Sutherland said that nobe dy could say that he bad offered an opinion upon the Bnbject, and nsked why was not a Cabinet called, and than ho would givo nn opinion, and the matter could bo . decided. Ho (Mr. Butler) then went to Mr Farnell, kitting down in tho Hoaso beside him, aud asking him as to his (Mr. Butler's) colleagues being oppposed to his appointment. Mr. Farnell said " lam not opposed you know, but I would rathar have you remain with us." [Mr. FAENELL : I did not say that. J Ho declared upon tho - honour of a gentleman that it was truo. ' [ M r. FAHNELL : I was Bitting down whero the Colonial. ecretnry Is now sitting, and my hon ftiend left Mr Sutherland and came to me. and enid. " Aro you opposed to my appointment?" I said, " That in not t,hn rwlit way tn nut it. If you ask me it I am unfavourable^ I teíl^you"! am. '] Ho regretted to say tbat the Colonial Secretary bad endeavoured to twist this affair into a acetarían matter. Ho (Mr. Sutler; did not boliovo he had moutloucd anything about '* his people'.' in tho matter. Nothing in tho correspondence bad grieved bim so much as tho construction put upon tho langungo which was so natural to him. He had Ouuu iuroking no pressure upon himaolf; tho pressure was urged against him As to his conduct in regard to the publishing of tho letter of the 5th November, when be was reading it tho other night, the hon member had a copy. [Mr. PABKE8 : I had not it here.] Could any ono road that letter and - not believe it was deliberately written, and to bo ujed some time or other p If ho hnd not published that. letter, and had pocketed tho contents of it thon the Colonial Secre- tary might have crushed him, and he might have been considered mean-spirited. He thought that tho Colo- nial Secretary had expected that tho correspondons wou'd not bo published, aud he (Mr. Butler) must say that it looked like an attempt to intimidate him. Ho believed that the Colonial Seorotary intonded to confer, the appointment upon him, at any rate up to tho 30th of October, nod even later than that. How then came the wonderful chungo in fivo days ? The Colonial Secretary said he had consulted certain gentlemen, but who woro they ? He (Mr. Butler) could understand such conduot if the Colonial secretary were looking for an. excuse to turu bim over. He denied that the bar were against his appointment, for though a majority of them would have voted for Sir James Martin, they would havo received his (Mr. Butler's) appointment with satisfac- tion. If his colleagues were opposed to him, why was not a Cabinet council called, instead of the insulting letter of the 5th of November hoing sent to bim P The matter boro Buoh a questionable appearance that he was bound to take the course he had taken. If he were wrong in his estimate of the Colonial Secre- tary's charaoter, thoro was an oxouso for him, and that was that whonevor ho formed a friendship for any person be was very tenacious of it. Tho promise was made to bim repeatedly, nnd ho claimed that, as a colleague, he should not be treated . ns ho had been treated Ho behoved that the letter of the 5th of Novomber was written to cover the deter- mination to throw him over. Ho hoped that no moro would be heard of tho matter. Mr. LLOYD said that tho hon member hod made statements which he, no doubt, thought wore correct, but after hearing his (Mr. Lloyd's) explanation, be was aura that opinion would be modified. As far as ho was concerned, he had never considered the question ot tho appointment of the Chief Justico until the 5th pi November. Ho had always thought Sir James Martin was the propor person fer tho appointment to tho office of Chief Justice. Tho hon gentleman had said that he did not know his colleagues were opposd to his appoint- ment, but ho knew differently, as ho had formerly made a remark to the effect . that his colleagues .were opposed to his appointment. Publia opinion was rife as to who was to bo Chief Justice long beforo the 6th of November, and oa tho night of tho 3lBt of October an hon gentloman told him that thc feeling in the House was against the appointment of Mr. But'er, whilo Buch an eligible gentleman as Sir James Martin was to be had, and saying that if Mr. Butler wore appointed a vote of censuro would probably bo the result, and three-fourths of tho House wou'd voto for it. TMr, BUTLEK : lu not that letting tho cat tout of tho bag ?] On the 31st Ootobar, he (Mr. Lloyd) wrote a lotter in reference to tho opposition to Mr, Butler to Mr. Parkes, and he happened to call upon him while ho and. Mr. Butler were considering it. They discussed the matter, and he pointed out that Mr, Sutherland, Mr. Furnell, himself (Mr. Lloyd), and Mr. Samuel (whoso letter bo read at the time) wore opposed to tho appointment of the hon. mombor, Mr. Butler. The hon. and learned member was informed on the 31sl October, in his (Mr, Lloyd's) presence, that his col leagues were opposed to the appointment, and ho wac asked whether ho would consent to tho Government boing defeated, to scatter their policy, and tc bring confusion into the camp, simply to get this appointment of Chief Justico. He (Mr. Lloyd) pul this strong point to him (Mr; Butlor) : Whothor having the appointment, and a motion condemning tho appoint, mont wore carried against thoGovernmont, would ho hole the office for another hour P The bon gentleman wenl homo that night, he said, and determined not to yiclc his claim. There had been no sectarian influence in thc matter. Th« hon member's statement about roceiviap no intimation of any ofeeotion to his appointment nnti tho 6th November would, by what ho (Mr Lloyd) had explained, Boom to bo a mistaker ono. _ He (Mr. Lloyd) believed it waa thi practice of tho Promier to make such an nppointmou as Chief Justico, without roforenco to his col longue (No I) If that wara not the caso, it could not be though that, if such an appointment wero made, in oppositioi to tho views of. his colleagues, that those colleague! would remain with tho Govornmont. Tho Govornmcn had abundant means of finding out that tho appoint ment of the hon member (Mr. Butler) would not giv satisfaction to tho country, while thera was Sir Jame Martin ready to take tho office. I Mr. BUTLER admitted the production of tho letta of Mr. Samuel, but denied that Mr, Samuel waa again*, his (Mr. Butler's) appointment:. Ibo letter contained na expression that Mr. Samuel bopi-d h- (Mr. Butler) would not o aim the appointment. The other letter did not speak of Mr. Suther-and'B opposition to the appoint« mont, but of tho pressure on the Government. It was ' quito a mistake to say that be (Mr Butler) was given to understand on the 31st October that be should not have ? tho appointment. Let the letters be produced î Mr. J. HOBKRTSO» said bo had hoped to be able to ' stand out of the controversy altogether but the hon I gentleman at the head of tho Government had thought Î Lt ta dra< him into it, and hod ventured to Hssert that I his (Mr. Robertson's) course of action in moving the I previous question was to escapa a defeat on the motion 1 which ho would be very glad to see carried The hon I member dealt very unjustly with him - (Mr. Robertson.) ; He said over and over again that as all approved of the J appointment of Sir James Martin they had no right to I vote for such a motion as that proposed ; and ho ' had i told the mover of the resolution that he would not vote' | for it. Was not moving the previous quostion in ac- ' cord with all he (Mr. Hobertson) had done, in this matter P Me had been desirous that the matter should be left between the Colonial Seoretary and the late At. ' torney-General. He regretted that .these two gent's- . men had " not washed their dirty linen nt home, , for tho whole thing was most discreditable. He would like to know-why the Attorney-General, ' expeo ing as he must hayo dona five months ago, ta sue-1 ' ceed to the appointment of Chief Justice, dated to vote ?. in thia House. [Mr. BUTLER: Tho office was not' . vacant] He thought the conduct of both.gentlemen| was open to ' objeotion The Colonial Secretary con- ! sidérea his conduct as being Bimply imprndent. He' could have retired from the Government, and that was 1 ' j the course he should have oursued when ho found that ho could not carry, out his promise. When Mr,' 1 Garrott made a motion of censare against tho Govern- ment a few weeks ago, several hon members, who i had pressed him (Mr. Roberfcfion)|to vote for the motion, voted against it themselves. Tho Colonial Secretary had broken his promise.to. the Attorney-General simply because ho feared the division that ho knew would take place, as evidenced by tho opinion of tho House on tho motion of the hon member, Mr. Garrett. It was a strange thing that the disqualifications of Mr. Butler were not found out before they were. The Colonial Treasurer had ? stated that a gentleman now on the jud kial bench was a lunatic. Ho thought Buch an assertion very unbecoming. The Colonial Treasurer should hoyo mado known the name of the gent'om-m who had informed him of the opini- n of tho House in reference to Mr Butler He congratulated the merni ere of tho Government on the Christian rela- tions that existed among thom, and he believed that more yet was in the dark in reference to this matter. '' Mr. LUCAS thought it-was a strange proceeding to have tho division first and the dobato afterwards. Be would havo voted against tho motion of Mr. Buchanan, because ho beUoved tho fittest gentleman had. been . appointed to the Chief Justiceship. With conduct between colleagues mombers of the Nouse had nothing io do. Mr WEARNE repudiated any. charge of bigotry or sectarianism as connected with him in being a member of this Homo. With reference to tho two personB men- tioned aa having had an interview with the Colonial Secretary in respect to the late. Attorney-General's appointment to the office of Chief Justice, he (Mr. Wearne) being one of those two, had taken tho step as a member of tho House. He had not made tho mattoe a roligious one. He believed the right appointment hnd boen mada ia Sir James Martin. Mr BURNS thought the notion of tho two mom-< bore who went to the Colonial Secretary in reference lo'. tho appointment of Chief Justice liablo to misrepre- sentation. lt was most improper that these two mem- bers should have waited on the Colonial decretary. lt seemed that thero had been a seo-saw business on the part of the Government to ascertain the snp port of the House in regard to the appointment. ' On the night of tho Moriarty debate it nppbarod the Government feared a defeat, and only saved themselves by an ossuranco to certain hon members that tho hon member for Argyle would not be appointed to the office of Chief Justice. Tho action of the bon member for the Western Gold-fields had been his own all along. Ho thou.ht it necessary that the Government should bo tolerated for some time longer. Mr. WAT-ON said he had been accused of waiting upon the Government in reference to tho appointment of Mr. Butler, but ho denied it completely. Mr. HURLEY (Central Cumberland) said he had never attempted to influence tho Government in any way in reforenco to tho appointment of Chief Justice, hut ha know that had ho been appointed, a majority of the House would have disapproved of it Mr. RAPHAEL wished to see tho business of tho House carried on. Ho thought tho Colonial Secretory hnd doue wrong in moving the adjournment of tho House, und ha wondered that some hon member more jprpminontthan himselfhad not risento pour oil ou tho_ trouble! "walo "e. amTput an endio tnVdobaté. Mr. GARRETT k-ew that, on tho evening upon which' ho brought forward his motion of censure, he felt sute that it would be curried, but a wonderful chango took place in tho minds of hon.mombora. These speeches ho considered should havo been mr.de boforo tho division Mr. FORSTER considered that the discussion had ,, thrown light upon Beveral points not clearly known \\[ boforo]; and that the only motive that had influenced tho Government in the appointment, was fear of losing their officer. Tho motion for adjourmcnt was put and negatived Mr. It. B. SMITH moved-That there bo laid upon the table of this House, copies of -tho correspondence, and of nil applications, memorials, reports, minutes, descriptions, plans, or other documonts, dated since the 1st day of September, 1872, having reference to any application 'by Richard Neville, Thomas Neville, James Lynch, and Robert Martin, or br Novillo, Martin, and party, or by Baker, Thorne, - and party, for a mineral selection, or mineral conditional purchase of forty acres of land at Milburn Creek, county of Bathurst. Cat ried. The House adjourned at 20 minutes to 1 o'clock until 4 o'clock p.m. this day._' 