MISCELLANEOUS EXERPTS. Hounbin'g ttte Horn*.—In the course of a month or two there will be placed'a line of very large and powerful 6team*tugs at "both entrances of the Straits of Magellan, for the purpose of towing sailing vessels bound to and from the west coast of South America through the Straits, thus doing away with the difficult and ofttimes dangerous voyage round Cape Horn. It is believed that the services of this new steam-tug company will meet with the patronage which the venture deserves, and that in future the disasters to vessels making the passage round Cape Horn, will bo few and far between, as the cost of towing a vessel through the Straits will, it is estimated, be not more than £200 to £250. Tirf.d op Life.—The Edenhone correspondent of the Hamilton. Spectator, 25th December, writes :•— " This is a most wonderful little spot, for there is always something extraordinary taking place. The latest is an attempted suicide. A middle aged man named Ned Rortd, who has been several years in the locality, but who camc here a month ago suffering from some disease, instead of presenting himself to our doctor, and securing his professional attend* ance, he placed himself under the treatment of a well known local honueopathist. Finding that the miraculous globules produced no beneficial effect towards his cure, but that lie was gradually getting worse, he resolved on putting an end to his otherwise miserable existence. He went.a short way from the houses, and, on the edge of the lake, made three cuts across his throat with ft new razor, recently purchased apparently for the execution of this diabolical act. One of the cuts, and the deepest, was right across-his. windpipe, from which he bled profusely, and would have, died were it not that the medical aid was speedily procured, and the wound sewn up. Even then he had bled to such a degree as to resemble a'corpse. He is now lying ia a very precarious condiiion, and the medical gentleman, who is constantly attending him, is very doubtful of his recovery.": . .Suicide op- Captain Gray.—Tho exact circum-> stances under which the late Captain Gray met his melancholy fate can never be known, but the further particulars which at our request have been trans- i mitted to us by telegraph from London, show that tho v nature of tho sad occurrence was correctly described ~in the original telegram. On the evening of tho 24th November Captain Gray complained of feeling un well, ancLretired to hfs cabin, and,-it would naturally; bo supposed by .those on- board tho vessel, to rest. Nothing more was heard or seen of him, and the next morning the cabin was vacant. Tne stem "windows'* •were wide open, and there was no other conclusion to at t.lmn. that. t.hfl o«immnn<To* had . boon lost overboard. The strictest examination which could be made failed to throw any more light on the. affair ;;and although it would be.a melancholy satis faction to think that the gallant seaman whose loss is: so deeply deplored by this community met his death' • through some strange mishap, and not by his own act, the evidence only points to one conclusion. Standing! on the bulwarks or in some exposed position on deck, Captain Gray might have been lost overboard by acci dent, but under the circumstances no such theory can be set up. Everyone would gladly believe otherwise,' but in the light of the fuller information wo havo re ceived, there is no disturbing the conviction originally forced upon the mind that Captain Gray, during a temporary aberration of intellect, put a period to his existence.—Arytt*. A New Year's Giif.f/cij?o from Europe. — By tho courtesy of the Deputy Postmaster-General, Mr. Turner, we (Argui) arc able to publish the following salutation from the members of the London Press to tiio telegraph offices throughout the East and Aus tralia London. 1st January, 1R73. The staff of the London Daily Telegraph, for themselves and their colleagues on the metropolitan press, send cordial New Year's greetings to she officers and agents of the telegraph companies in India,. China, and Australia, and unite with the Eastern telegraph officers in wishing a happy new Vear to them and to all the Jlritish residents in their respective colonies and neighbourhoods. SiNoifoAii Death. — The OoUraint Albion "reports that Mr. George Trangmar held an inquest on Thurs day, the 2f»te inst., on the body of Mr. Arthur Pearcy, a young gentleman who arrived in Coleraine last week from Melbourno to manage the J3xnk of Vic toria. Mr. Pearcy appeared to be in good health up to Monday, tho 23rd inst., though weakly. He was suffering from diarrhcea, and from the evidence given at the inquest there is reason to believe that intenso agony prompted him to drink the contents of a bottle of brandy, and thereby killed himself. The deceased was almost unknown 'in the district. He left a wife and two young children in Melbourne, and felt very anxious about them during hi* sickness. He haci applied for leave of absence, and expected to bo able to leave Coleraine on the following night. Mr. Marshall was sent from Hamilton to relieve Mr. Pearcy. hut the sulVurcr gradually sank and died. Medical evidence was given bearing out the above statement. One" medical man, Dr. A. M'Donald, however, deposed that after making a post-mortem examination he found the vital organs in a healthy state. Saw no siyus of diarrhuta. Dysentry would leave signs behind it, but diarrhoea would not. The coroner at this stage of the proceedings adjourned the inquest to the i>rd of .Tannarv. in order that the stomach might be examined by tho analytical chemist, Melbourne. A DEscnrmoN* op the S.vvioui:. — The following description of Christ is taken from a manuscript in the possession of Lord Exeter, of Itmiloigh, being tho record of an epistle to tho liotnau Senate, by Publius Senates, Pro-Consul of Jiidea during the reign of Tiberius Cajzar:—"There has happened in these our davs a man of great virtue named Jesus Christ, who yet is living amongst, us, and of the Gentiles accepted as a Prophet of Faith, but his disciplcs call him the Son of God. Ho raised the dead and cured all manner of diseases. A man of stature somewhat tall and comely, with very reserved eouutenance, such as be holders might love and fear. His hair is of tho color of the chestnut full ripe—plain to the ears, ^viien downwards it is more orient, curling and waving about the shoulders. In the midst of his forehead is a seam of partition of his hair, after the manner of the STuza rites. His forehead plain and very delicate ; his face without spot or wrinkle, beautiful, with a lovely red. His nose and mouth no formal as nothing can bo represented. His beard thickisli, in color like his hair, not over long but forked, liis eyes grey, clear, and quick. In reproving he is terrible ; in admonish ing he is courteous and fair spoken ; pleasant in con versation, mixed with gravity. In cannot be remem bered that any have seen him laugh, but many have seen him weep. In proportion of body most excellent to behold ; in speaking very temperate, modest, and wise. A man of singular beauty surpassing the children of men." A Sxake Story.—A very strange escape from a snake occurrcd on Saturday to a Mrs. Aitken, the wife of a miner residing at Sparrowhawk Gully. Mrs. Aitken, having a large family washing to got through, took off her corset, so as to perform her work with greater facility. Having dried tho linen by spreading it on the grass, she proceeded to gather it up in her arms again at the close of the day, when a snake about two feet long darted down her bosom, and owing, to the fortunate absence of her stays fell.through to the ground, and made olT greatly to the relief of tho terrified woman.—BcndUjo jirtiwfftfcr. Remarkable Effects of Ligiit.n*in*o.—From a correspondent at Obcron we learn that a fearful thunderstorm occtired in that neighbourhood . on Sunday last, during which a large tree standing about midway between the residences of Mr. C. "NVhalan and Mr. Cuninghame, was torn to pioce3 in a remarkable manner. - The lightning appears first to have struck the earth, and coming in contact with the'roots of the tree, ploughed up the ground through a distance of 20ft. The roots of tho tree were torn up by tho electric fluid; and an opening was made in the .earth in one direction about 18in. wide and extending nearly. 30ft. One of the roots of another tree near.tho spot was torn up ; but the upper part of tho trunk of tho tree was untouched. There are no marks of lightning upon the upper portions of the trees, clearly proving that in this instance the usual order of things has been reversed, and instead of the highest the lowest'point has beeu first struck by the subtle fluid. Tho thunder was unusually loud, and the ground shook as froin'an earthquake. Some pieces of the tree were thrown 150 yards from the spot. Two cows appear to have been struck by the lightning, but they were not much injured; they continued to bellow and roar for some time, as though they could not overcome their terror. Extraordinary Medical Certificate.—A cor respondent of tho Madras Standard says that the following medical certificate was recently given by an hospital assistant:—"! do hereby certify that the village MoonsifF—of—, aged about 45, was found;at my examination suffering from shaking of two front upper and four front lower teeth, and besides several other teeth in a slight shaking state. I consider that the shaking appears to have been caused by another individual, or by fall, or by natural pr previous administration of cruel mercury. I am of opinion that tho hurt is not mortal." ' ' A Ghost.—News is scarce: but licro is a ghost story. Don't you think it would be a funny thing to see a woman with two heads? . My eye ! think of her two tongues. But what would you think of a woman ■without a head at all? A denizen of Brunglc saw such a nondescript one night lately, near Killihaicat Hill, as ho was returning from Tumut towards the short hours. Just at .the turn of the road, near the front of tho hill, a headless "woman bouncedout upon him, and commanded him to stop. It doe's not seem perfectly clear how this apparition contrived to speak, seeing she had not the usual apparatus for talk; but that's a trifle to the "sperrits." Though Mac spurred poor Dobbin until tho blood came, this shape fol lowed, overtook, and jumped up behind Uim. Thus they, rode until a cock did crow, and then this awful form dropped off from behind tho perturbed Caledo nian,-and vanished in a flash of fire, depriving Mac, strange to say, of his Sunday's hat. "What on earth a headless ghost could want with a head-covering is a question I leave spiritualists, or as they are sometimes called; "spiritists," to answer. They do say. that a woman was murdered thereabout five-and-twenty years aero, and her head thrown into the creek. Some of the Tiimut spiritists talk of keeping watch for tho headless lady, and expect a revelation. Mac. poor fellow, vows he'll "gangnae mair to yon toun."— Brungle Correspondent Gundagai Times. 