A FOG ON THE THoAES.-Just naow a growing fog has gathered on the river; not thick enough-at any rate, as yet-to atop the traffo, but giving so weird a look to everything which it invests as to be worth a note or two. It isa June, not a November, fog. The sub-tropical plants in Battersea Park seem quite at home in the sultry bhae; but the lilacs and the laburnums and the hawthorns and the chestnuts, white and red, and the ribbon flower-borders look strangely dim, while again the rich, moist grass, seen close at hand, shines as if giving off its own light. A stray park-keeper with dimmed gilt band and buttons, one or two solitaries dreaming on the clammy garden seats, a stray gardener who looks up from his work and silently gazes at a passer-by with cowlike eyes, a lounging waiter yawning in the midst of a jumble of empty benches and tables, and two or three little children dodging in and out between them like mice, are the only people one meets in the whole of the damp, gauze.muffled park. Leaden and smooth and indistinct, with blurred.greer. refections, spreads the ornamental water, like a lagoon in which yellow fever and a Cuban slaver might be hiding. A water-fowl rises with a scurry of wings to alight unseen with a dully audible splash. Two black swans glide about noiselessly, or talking to each other in the voice which is said to be excellent in woman, twisting their long necks to crop the blades of the flowering flags, or lifting their red beaks to the leaves of the overhanging trees. The lazy ripple of the river on the pebbly strand at the foot of the water-side of the park-so trim in its core, so rough at its edges- suggests a trip upon the water. Let us take boat at the pier hard by. Old Chelsea Church and the old trees and houses of Cheyne-walk have a Fata Morgans look. Two white wager-boats, pulled by white-clad spectres, dart out of the mist ahead, and dart into the mist astern emblems reversed in life. A train thunders over the railway-bridge, adding a coil of sluggishly curling snowy vapour to the mouse-coloured mist. A black lighter-one long sweep sprawling like a broken fin, the other tugged at, doggedly though seemingly lazily, by the lighterman, whose sulky features are indistin guishable-flounders past like a wounded whale. Tiers of black lighters, as gloomy as if they were meant for Titans' floating hearses, loom alongside the shore's blurred higgledy- piggledy of piles and wharfs and oranes, and " travellers" on gaunt timber skeletons, and coal, and brick and stone, and chimney-pots and drain-pipos. At Nine Elms there is a maze of curv ing and crossing rails that look like half- obliterated fork-scratches on a greasy-plate, with stumbling horses straining at leadsooloured and mud-coloured trucks, and men-clad presumably in green corduroy, but looking exactly like chimney-sweeps-ahouting huskily to the horses and one another under the super vision of mistmagnified overseers, also leaden-hued. The extinguisher turrets of Millbank Peniten tiary perk up, blurred, above the blurred jumble of its dirty-drab brick: the mist gives the place a Bastille look of mystery. The Lambeth embankmentglimpses through the murky air like a long line of pale ghosts drawn up along the banks of Styx; it is just possible to make out that builders are somewhere at work in the dark jumble of towered masonry formed by Lambeth Palace and Church. As we zigzag from side to side, the mist-bordered reaches of the river look like wide lakes. We run in so close to the Houses of Parliament that, in spite of the mist, we can see the scaled-ufflook of the stones of that magnificent modern antique ready-made: to one who has crossed the line, the noses of some of the sculptured figures suggest a memory of the time when the skin peeled ofthis nose in curly sharings, though from a very different cause. Red and white St. Thomas's Hospital on the other side might serve for a dyspeptioaly despondent but cher's, dream of vanishing raw beef. When, under graceful Westminster Bridge, the tunnel comes down, like a hemlock-stalk half cut in two by stick of idle wanderer practising sword-exorcise-most ungene rously making use of its monopolized privilege. to smoke abaft itself, by clogging our nostrile and defll ing our shirt-fronts with unconsumed carbon--the fog is thickening so that we begin to doubt whether our boat will get beyond Hungerford ; but, just as we have passed Hungerford Bridge, "Apollo's arrow flashes through the murk, And flashes back in shattered gold." The sudden sunbeam gleams but for a few moments, but it has turned the embankment granite, and Somerset House and Waterloo Bridge into shimmering snow, the embankment gardens intoglistening emerald ; it has lit up church vanes and windows in dusty brick houses, glorified straw-laden barges, even grimy coal barges-and then it vanishes as suddenly as it came. As we flap the brown waters into dingy cream on our way to our City wharf, we pass bilious-looking blotches of artificial light in Temple chambers and riverside warehouses: fog in her sober drab livery hath once more all things clad, when our skipper sidles his boat like a shying horse up to the Allhallows pier.-St. Pauls. A PoITe Fon PuAIseTs.-The Fox Hnumana, a musical publication, shows that a pretty experiment in acoustics is within the reach of all. Every tone of piano string is composed of four or more different sounds. They seem to be but one, and it is difficult to realize thatfour or more distinct and separate notes are merged in the sound we hear. A very keen ear can resolve the note, aend hear one and sometimes two of the added tones that accompany the lowest tone. The lowest tone is muho louder than the rest, and gives the name to the note or group of notes. These added tones that accompany every note of the piano, are known as over tones. Their existence was only discovered a few years ago, and at first it was very hard to prove that they were really present in every note we hear from a piano string. This is now so well understood that it no longer attracts attention, and is treated as one of the common scientific facts known to everybody. Moverover, the number and power of these over tones determines the character or quality of every musical sound we hear, whether it be from voice or instrument. To prove the existence of these unnoticed, and yet audible over tones the follow ing experiment may be tried :-Touch gently the notes C, E, and G, one octave above middle (two foot) C, and press the keys down till all the sound has died away. Then, while these keys are held down, strike the C below (two foot 0) one quick, hard blow. The damper will at once fall, and the sound will stlop abruptly. At the same instant will be heard a low soft chord from the piano. The keys are not struck, and yet the piano sounds plainly. Lift the fingers, and the chord will stop at once. Try the experiment over, and the same result will follow every time. The fingera pressed on the three notes do not give the chord and yet the strings sound. The explanation is ersily found. The middle C had all the three notes in it. They were present as over tanes. The three strings corresponding to these over tones were free to sound as the dampers were raised, and out of sym pathy with the over tones they too sounded and gave the same notes. So we see that these over tones really exist in what we call the one note of the C string. Were they absent, we should quickly notice the changed character of the note, and we should be surprised at the thinness and cloying sweetness of a single really pure note without over tones. A note without over tones would be characterless, tiresome, and insipid. Well supplied with them, it is clangy, individuasl, and interesting, O Gaossr.r-What an invaloujable ally to the gossiper is the scandalizer ! I remember an event which happened in Littleton when I was a child, and which made a deep impression on my mind. One evening I was sent to drink tea with my godmother, a widow of near seventy years. Shortly after tea we were joined by a maiden lady of some fifty years, and as the two began to talk on subjects of no interest to me I retired with a book into the bow window, and being neither seen nor heard was soon forgotten. And so, after a time, was, by me, my book; the conversa tion had become suchr that I was listening with all my might. Miss N. must have made everyone's business her own, or she could not have recounted the wonder ful stories she did about several Littleton families. All the intricacies of their private histories seemed to be known to her, and were unscrupulously laid hare to her auditor. Story led on to story, till at last there came one which touched the character of a lady who was dead. One great sin of her life had just come to light-at least, Mies N- had just heard of it from a person who had kept the knowledge of it a secret for some years. Alh, that was a juicy morsel for the twol and it seemed to me that the fact of the poor creature's being beyoud the pale of repentance and forgireness added a east. They said, how shocking it was! how awfull how the devil seemed to be let loose on the world ! and how impossible it was to trust any one! for they would each have eiv.n their word that tlhe deceased lady was a model of all virtue, and so on. But there was no horror shown at the sin, and no sorrow expressed for the sinner. Now, had 3Iiss N--, in the first place, and she and my god mother in the second, known that it was impossible to handle dirt without being somewhat defiled by it, and had also appreciated the fact that as they did think evil, and rejoiced in iniquity, they did not possess that Christian attribute without which a time might come when repentance and forgiveness would be as far beyond their reach as they imagined them to be beyond the reach of an erring sister, a vast amount of suffering might have been spared. In a few days it was widely circulated, and had come to the ears of thes dead lady's relatives. Her mother was in a very delicate state of health, and the shock was so greet to her that she never overcame it. Soon after her death the true facts of the case became known, and the accused was proved innocent by the discovery of the real perpetrator. Scandal had primarily set the story alloat, and gossip had kept its head abore water. Had there been no gossipers the scandalizer would have been powerless. One class of people suffer terribly from gossips—viz., marriageable young men and women. If marrying and giving in marriage were to come to an end, some gossip-houses might be closed for want of adequate funds. The happiness of the country in general and of individuals in particular de pands greatly on the sort of marriages contracted; and yet this, one of the gravest subjects of life, is treated with the utmost levity, and made the handle for no end of ridicule. How few couples havre the chance of finding out the temper and disu position of each other until after engagement? and why ? Because the least indication of the slightest friendship springing up between a man and woman is the instantaneous signal for nods and winks and a strict surveillance, to be quickly followed by innuendoes and whispers. Thus the two parties made more sensitive than they ought to be by the knowledge that this is sure to be the case-find they are laying themselves open to be talked about. If a man be a little bit in earnest there is nothing he ob jects to more than feeling he is watched and his actions quizzed. If he has made up his mind to be quite in earnest he can brave it; and if there be nothing at all serious in the meatter, it may amuse him. When men and women are allowed to take a little friendly mutual interest in, and to become really acquainted with, each other, there may be some chance of "incompatibility of temper" being discovered be fore the happiness of the pair has been shipwrecked on that rock. It would have another effect, too there would not be that silly coneciousness which many a woman betrays when receiving attentions from a man, and she would be less likely to begin immedi ately wondering what his intentions might be. On the other hand, there are instances where a woman would never suspect intentions at all if tattlers did not put the idea into her head.-Golden Hours. CalOonotax al IN?csr.-To the insect tribe is due the use of one of the most powerful agents in alleviating pain-chloroform. The little ant contains a substance called formic acid, about which old John Ray and Martin'Lester corresponded a century ago; and they found that it contained an acid; and so it got into books as formic acid. It was found to be composed of compound radical formyle, and three atomse of oxygen. Dumas substituted chlorine for the oxygen, and thus obtained terhloride of formyle, whiheb is chloroform. Then it was found that either was capable of taking away all sensations of the human body; and Dr. Simpson, of Rdinburgh, found that terehloride of formyle was more thoroughly adapted for this purpose than either. And so this great boon to humanity came through the study of insects. P~rtocn Enr?,TroN.-Perhaps not the least ad? vantage which is derived from musoular active exer cise, as opposed to passive exercise-by whichl we refer to a ride in a carriage, or a sail in a vessel, in which latter ease the abdominal muscles are the only ones actively exercised-is cleanliness. We mention this, as it has been little insisted on by the advocates of gymnastic training. It belongo rather, perhaps, to a treatise on medicinal than athletic gymnastics; but the two are at the present day, as we have said, hap pily incorporated. A microscope will show the mil lions of drains with which the skin is perforated, for the sake of avoiding effete matter. This effete matter can only be thrown off by perspiration, produced by exereise. If it is not thrown off, it is absorbed into the system, and diseases, particolerly consumption and premature death, are the result. The result is produced by the canals of the skin becoming clogged, which not only prevents the refuse matter from com ing out, but also prevents oxygen, which is essential to life, from coming in. We do not breathe with the lungs only, consuming carbon and other matter, and renewing tile blood with oxygen as it passes through them. Theskin also is a respiratory organ some ani male have no lungs, and breathe entirely with the skin; others with a portion of the skin modified into gills, or rudimentary lungs. Inanimalsofahighergrade, though the lungs are the instruments prineipally devoted to this function, the skin retains it still to such an extent that to interfere with its pores is highly dangerous; but to arrest their operation, fatal. The breathing of the skin may be easily proved by the simple experi ment of placing the hand in a basin of cold water, when it will be soon covered by minute bubbles of car bonic acid. But a more complete and scientifico proof is afforded by inserting in a vessel of oxygen, when the gas will, after a short interval of time, be replaced by carbonio acid. Bus a more complete and scientific proof is afforded by inserting it in a vessel of oxygen, when the geas will, after a short interval of time, be replaced by carbonic acid. "We all know," says Dr. Brereton, "from daily experience, the intimate sym pathy which exists between the skin and lungs, and when we are walking fast hIow much more easily we get along after having broken out into a perspiration; if we are riding, our horse freshens up under the same condition." In these homely words he is indirectly proving the chief sanitary characteristic of medicinal gymnastics. We have most of us beard of the story of the unfortunate child who, to add solemnity and symbolic happiness to the inauguration of Leo X. as Pope of Rome, weeas gilded over at Florence, to repre sent the Golden Age. The career of that child ao conditioned was brilliant, but brief. It of course died in a few hours. One of the reasons of the greater danger of exteneive burns or scalds compared with others, smaller though deeper, is the fact that the former exclude a greater snrface of skin from the oxygen of the air. Mr. Fourcault, a distin guished French physiologist, whose admiration of science appears to have led him to care little for the inflction of torture on other animals than himself, seaerificed a great number of guinea-pige, rab bits, and cats, by varnishing over the whole of their skin, contemplating with satisfaetion the invariable result- death-as a demonstrative proof that the skin breathes. One word more. It has been imagined that gymnastic exercise is exclusively profitable to the young. It is not so; it is of advantage, of great ad vattage likewise to the old. Young persons-we int elude, of course, women, and wish that calisthenics, which we suppnse to be a species of female gymnastics, were more systematised and popular--need little ex hortation to exercise, since, by nature, motion is their chief desire; but they stand in need of advice and moderation, since, as they doeverything immoderately, so they are accustomed to tske too much exercise, and of an improper character, a course of proceeding not without danger. On the contrary, with older men, the increasing weight of the body, and the loss of the so-called "animal spirits," ladoces the desire of repose, and they need an increase of exercise be yond that which inclination enjoins on them. Thus they are brought within the provinsce of the gymoseatio cods.-Cos4 - llh Magasiae. Tia T?HE?o Or FICTION.-H-suman nature is ever the same. In fact the author's art consists in skilfully transporting some of ourselves to distant time and foreign circumstance. It is a great point nowadays, when we come to see that we are essentially no better than our fathers. We make a great fuss about archi tecture and engineering, but the Greeks built the Parthenon and the Egyptians the Pyramids. We plough by steam and cultivate our fields by rules of chemistry, but thousands of our people die of slow starvation. A step is made towards the perception of these things when the writer of fiction puts a soul into a coat of mail, and shows us how bearts beat under slashed doublets. This illustrative method is sometimes useful with regard to great religious move ments. The ordinary "religious novel," which pro fesses todealwith individual experience, is in most eases an abomination. Probably no religious feeling which can be talked about in public is good for much ; our inmost thoughts upon such subjects are too sacred to be flaunted in the face of a chance reader. Practi cally, the religion displayed in a " religious novel" is sad twaddle, and the book is chiefly composed of feeble tea-drinking and feebler love-making-the chronicling of small beer and the intelleetual suckling of fools. In an historical religious novel, however, the subject is usually popular modes of thought on great questions rather than personal religion. It will do us no harm to listen to Savonarola with George Eliot, or to receive a visit from Dr. Luther amongst the Schouberg-Cotta family. We may not agree with either of the men, but it will do us good to learn what and how they thought. Politics, too, may be illustrated in novels, but will not be very convincing except in the form of a satire. The ideas most suitable for expression in a work of fiction are those principles of social philosophy which in one direction or another govern our dailylives. Ournatural characters are capable of greatmodification, and the success or failure of our lives is largely due to such modification. It is good for us to see the tendencies of various forms of moral individuality, not merely in dry dissertation, butin vivid andhumanized description. The drama goes a step farther than the novel, and gives us riot merely a description, but an actual sight of the effects of different principles of action. The art of the writer consists in making the characters sufficiently real. If we do not believe in them, the lesson of their actions is lost upon us. This is the great test of his genius. We demand of him not labelled dummies, but men and women; and ac cording to his ability to satisfy us in this respect is his rank as an artist. When the characters are suffi ciently life-like, his power is immense. His dramatis persons enthral our attention, but they are his pup. pets. He bids us listen to their soliloquies, nay, it is he who supplies them with their inmost thoughts. The grandeur of purity and the grace of power, or the glut of folly and the flash of vice-these things are at his command. The talent of giving life to his area tions is a rare one-he can use it as he pleases. Tinsley's Magazine. Svrppe or Corro.--In the year 1872 there were 12,578,906 cwt. of raw cotton imported into the United Kingdom, being 20 per cent. less than in 18711 the falling off is almost entirely in the supply from the United States. Our importation of cotton from that country in 1872 was but 5,585,715 owt., or 39-8 per cent. less than in 1871. From British India and Ceylon we received 8,957,453 ewt., an increase of 2 per cent.; from Egypt, 1,585,651 ewt., showing a small increase; from Brazil, 1,004,552 cwt., an increase of 30 per cent., an overplus of stocks held over from the previous season having been attracted to Europe by the high prices of the first half of the year 1872. From Australia came 29,083 cwt.; the greater part of it from Queensland; from Peru, 98,433 owl. ; from New Granada, 57,634 cwt. ; from Turkey, 53,482 owt., a small amount, but showing by its increase of 131 per cent. over 1871 an effort to regain the position held for a short time during the American civil war. Small quantities came from various European countries, none reaching 10,000 ewt. except in the instance of France, which sent us 50,492cwt., as against 11,882 wet. in the preceding year, showing that she again im ported a quantity more than sufficient for her wants but the increased demand for cotton in Germany, owing to the revival of her manufactures at the conclusion of the war, reduoed the quantity sent to us from the stock of that country from 63,418twt. in 1871 to 6612cwt, in 1872. Among the small growers and exporters of cotton to this country we find the supply from the Caps of Good Hope falling from 12,935ewt. in 1871 to only 1808owt. in 1872; and from the Gold Coast from 10,203ewt. in 1871 to 6595Owt. in 1872. There came 2897cwt. from Natal, 421owt. from Portuguese possessions in Western Africa, and 2840owt. from the Western Coast of Africa not particularly designated; 23,779cwt. from Chili, 18,443cwt. from Venezuela, 11,455cwt. from the British West India Islands, 9032owt. from the Spanish, 3395owt. from the Dutch, 83cwt. from the Danish, 18,247ewt. from Hayti and San Domingo, 2251cwt. from China, 1682ewt. from Mauritius, and 4879cwt. from Greece. The raw cotton re-exported from this country in 1872 was only 2.,437,645cwt. FUoana O CocourS cN MADAGASC A.-Tbe funeral customs are not the same throughout the island.. In the centre of the island they build stone tombs, part underground and part above ground. They are very careful about their tombs, the sire and beauty of whick are in proportion to the position of the family, and unfortunately sometimes out of proportion to their means. They pay for more attention to their tombs than to tbe:r houses. The door of the tomb is frequently closed by a large fiat roughly-rounded stone which is rolled up in front so as to close it, or rolled back to open it. The tomb is always befilt on the borders of the family possessions, and the ground on which the tomb stands cannot be alienated. They never rent loud to build a tomb on, it must be their own possession. This puts us in mind of Abraham's purchasing from the sons of Hath a burying-place for Barah, given in Genesis, which, to my mind, is the most beautiful and thrilling picture of patriarchal life to be found anywhere-beautiful, simple, pathetic, yet grand-perfect, both as regards the subject and the execution. . . Not to be buried in the family tomb is reckoned a greater calamity than death itself. When the soldier or any other one dies in a distant district, his bones are brought backand laid with his fathers. I have seen them carefully preserve an amputated limb in order to place it in the family grave. The first patient supplied with a wooden leg in Madagascar died a few year afterwards of fever. I wished to preserve the article as a curiosity-the first wroodon leg in Madagascar, designed and constructed for me by Mr. Parrett, the printer ; for although a surgical instrument maker in England might not much admire the article, we looked upon it with no little admiration. After I heard that my former patient had ceased to require it, I promptly sent for it. I was put off in a polite way until after the funeral, when I was told that it was considered a part of the body of the deceased, and that they had buried it with him. The Toanala, who live in the forest to the south.east of tihe capital, have a different way of disposing of their dead. They do not build tombs, but makes large bo--often a( tree bhollowed out. This they place at a distasn in the forest, and in this they place the body previously wrapped up in mats. The Belaileo, again, more nearly resemble the Hoeabs in their mode of burial. They build cenotaphs, pretty much like the tombs we have described, but they dig a wiuding subterranean passage, somewhere near the cenotaph, in the further end of which they out ledges, upon which they place the corpse. The most singular practice, however, in connection with funeral rites, is that followed in the case of the Andriana, or Princes of tbh Belsileo. No sooner does an Andriana die, than they kill bullooks and cut oft their skin into stripes, and with these they tie up the body to one of the pillars of the houser at thie same time they make incisions in the soles of the feet, and, tightening the skin-corda daily, they squeeze out in this way a good deal of the fluids of the body, which they collect in an earthern pot placed beneath the feet. They say that this process goes on until a worm.like ereature, which they call " fanano," appears. They kill a bullock and give some of the blood s an offering to this "fanano," which they sy contains the spirit of the departed. The body, by this time probably pretty well mummifiGod, is then laid in the family tomb. Amongst all the tribes, it is customary to kill a number of bullocks at a death. There was some sort of idea that thie spirits of the bullocks secompanied the owner into the next world. This ceremony was called " Manao Afana." When the party deceased was rich, this was often ostenta. tiously shown by transfiing the heads of the bullocks on poles, and placing these near the tomb. Probably from some fancy that articles buried with the body might be of some service to the dead, they often de. posited in the tomb those articles which had been most valued by the person while he was alive. When Rasoahery died, 11,000 dollars, besides muchb valuable property, was placed in her tomb, while the coeffin itself was madeof solid silrer, consatructed somewhat in the shape of a canoe, to form which they melted down no fewer than 22,000 dollars.--sudoy iMfgoraie. A CAonnaI WIxow.-As may be generally known, the cold in winter is extreme, the range of the thermometer being far below zero-a degree.of frost quite unknown in England. The extreme cold of a Canadian winter is revealed in varioas ways. In the cemetery at Quebec there is a vault covered with turf, and fitted up with stone shelving, which is used as a temporary depository for those who die during winter, and cannot be properly interred until frost and snow have disappeared. So deeply does the frost penetrate into the ground that any line of eurb-stone, or stone basis for a railing, which is not fonnded on masonry at least three feet deep, will be dislodged and lean over on one side st the first thaw. In the small garden-plote at Montreal you may, at the approsach of winter, asee shrubs covered up with mats to preserve them from the frost; such shrubs bearing the winters of Scotland with impunity. Yet, with. this peculisrity of climate, Canada is a healthy and comparatively pleasant coantry to live in. What is a determinate and settled cold, against which you can take precautions, in comparison to that changeableness all the year round prevalent in Great Britain, where yeou can never tell what kind of a weather-wet, dry, foggy or windy, cold or worm tomorroaw will be; and where congbhs and sorethroats, as a result of a raw, moist atmesphere, sret certain seasons the order of the day I Among the remarkable effects of the severe frosts of Canada, is the strange appearance of familiar objects in the market-place. The pigs, thougo slaughtered weeks or months before, stand erect on their stiff legse; the meat feels like wood, sounds the same on being struck, ead must be divided with a saw. Fish, likewise and many a little heap of salmon and cod sawdast have I seen, nay, made, in the proceas of preparing dinner. I was once left, in all the eperisnne of my rset winter, without a servant. It ne January, when a steady frost had set in, buton a Saturday, our principal mar ket day, when nnfrozen meat was often broought home. I had, conseqaently, little dilenulty in roasting a sir loin of beef, and making a tureenfal of soup--suffi cient provision, I thought, for the next day'e dinner. But the cold increased that night; the thermometer fell to twenty degrees belowacem (oi ty-.two degrees below freezing-point), and at breafh-time we found everything frozen. The eggs were froeen into a state in which, though apparently unchanged, they can neither be beaten nor cooked; some cold partridge utterly defied all attempts to cut it, a little of the breast, when chipped off by repeated blows with a chopper, testinglikeie s and, woratofall, the breadwas tough as india-rubber. The milk left p the previous night was solid, and the ink in cakes. I'ejoioed over my foresight in having prepared dinner the day be. fore, but this self-approval did not lat long. The cold roast beef wae as uneatablemus n no stone, and I was dismayed by the discovery that, a . placing it in the oven of a large kiteben store for sodms time, the outside began to char, though I could byno means cut off even one alice. I next tried placing it in front of a blasing coal dre in a waram room, but with ike - result. Olearly, the beef must be abandoned (I bhd long since givrec up the hoper of going to ohurab), and soup and padding relied on. With some exertion and achopper the soup was broken op into what looked like lumps of brown rook, and by-and-by discolved the milk also melted in time for use; but the part ridge, after being soaked in cold water-the quickest solvent-was not thawed till evening, and thebs beef not till the next day. Booah inoenvenence may be averte?d by timely precaution; and I came afterwards to consider the winter frost a boon to hoausekeepers, enabling them to keep on hand a store of perishable food, which may be securely kept in its fro?d siate as long as the cold weather lasts. At the eom meneement of the frost,e vast quantities of poultry and animals are killed, to save theexpense of feeding s and it is usual for large families to buy turkeys, geese, and fowls by the dozen, many of which are not consuesd till the following March or April. It may be thought that the sererity of the climate would be felt unpleas, antly, but euach is not the ease, owing to the dryeed and stillnes of the atmosphere, and the power of tbhe eon.I repeat,the winters of COanadsa are far from n pleasant. There is absolntely a charm about them. The brilliant senshine, compared with which the brightest English day seems twilight, the grater length of the day in winter, and the exciting quality of the air, have a pecaliarly exhilarating effect, very beneficoial to most personst and the means.adopt? for warming the houses insure a degree of comfort seldom attained in our English homes.-- Ocha?mb?r's Jeournal. THE AOT?ROB o Ml~IDP.nOrnsCxGorge Eliot has learnt many lessons from many masters, but it would be impossible to designate her with certainty and without reservation as the disoiple of any of her teachers. Her seratiny of literature has been alose, her sympathy with seienne is intense, she has brought to her literary and scientific studies a most powerf?l intellect and unimpeaohable integrity of aim. We have, however, great doubt whethtdr e would be willing to formulate at all a cominprehensive theory of life, though we have, anfortanately, little doubt that, were she to formulate such a theory, it would be one we should be compelled to contravene and to combat at erery atep. Bat it has been her wontto study men erven more than books, and we are jelad to acknowledge the value of the practical lessobs she has sthiven with all her skill as artist, and weight as moralist, to en force. It shall not be to what is dubiousand dreary-as we hold, needlessly dubions and drearcy-inher enewof human affairs that, as we take leave of her, we will look bank, but to that calm, strong, conatant seens of duty, of the necessity of self-cntrol, of the law of benevolence, which she has somehow rescued for herself, by which she is manifestly animated, and which she desires to fortify in others. She condemns alike licnase and laessi tude. She counsels resignation when sbhe i annot io part peace; she rejoices in sight of the leld of labour, though she see not the plse of rest. Oar last refer ence, as we conclude, hall be to one of her most beaoutifol tories, the most poetical of them all, the tala of" Silas Marner," who deems himself deserted and rejeeted utterly of God and man, and to whom, in his deepest misery, in place of lost gold, a little foundling girl is sent. This tale is the most hopeful of all her books. The contemplation of the renewal of enter prise and energy, which comes with little chlldrea, and of the promise with Which each new generation gilds the crown of honour for its aires, is pleasant and grateful to her. She writes upon the title-page the lines of Wordsworth : "A child, more than all other gifts That earth can offer to declininj maun, Brings hope with it and forwaand-looking tohogbts."' The wearer of Earelob and "Eppis" arnreation after Wordsworth's own heart, sand, throulhout her narrative, our novelist never strays far from the nsus picious guidance, under which she set out, of Words worth's moderating and elevating spirit.--Qeuart~r, Reoiew. The following extreordinary incident is related in the Tines of India by a correspondent who describes himself as an eye-witness :-On July 7th, the Gwador gurrachee section of the Persian-Gulf cable was aud denly interrupted. H.M. steamer Amber Witch, under the command of Captaid Bishop, left for the faultin the eourse of the following day, and arrived at the position indicated by the tests at 1 -o'lolD on Saturday, that is about forty hours after the occur rence of the interruption. After grappling the cable, and pioking up a short length towards the fault, it became evident from the inoreased strain that the cable had fouled something onthe bottom,as the deok engine, unassisted, was quite unable to bring the cable in; but after hauling it from all points of the com pass the obstruction appeared suddenly to give way, and the body of an immense whale was brought to the surface, firmly secured by two and a half turns of the cable round its tail. Many of the oater wires of the cable were broken and twisted, the gutta peraha badly torn, and the condoetor of the cable broken. The cable had evidently been hanging for some distance in a bight over a sudden depression in the bottom, and the only explanation that can be offered is that while rubbing itelf to get rid of the parasites which attach themselves to these animals, it had turned suddenly while passing through the bight, and thua twisted the cable round ate body. It is worthy of mention that a fault oocurred atabout tbhe same point a few years ago, when the cable broke while being hauled ,in. From the manner in which the cable was found to be twisted, it was always supposed that the damage had been done by an anchor, butt i is more than probable that a whale was then, as now, the author of the mis chief. For upwards of f0 or 60 yards on either side of the fault the cable was perfeotly bright, but not worn, presenting the appearance of having been con stantly rubbed against some soft sobstanoe. About two- thirds of the whale was uneaten by the sharks when we first got it to the surface, but on returning to the spot next morning, after the completion of the repairs, ecerything had disappeared excepting the tail and about fourteen feet of the backbone. Ir?w?wn: Printed and published by the proprietors, Horn PrALusoo, J. Bowmnr SIoxaw, and Faacosa KHnna, at the Qaesselsad Times oiose, Ellenborough.-atreet. 