# 01 0 E OF THE PULPIT. (This column Is entirely supplied by correspondents, an I every communication wo rccoivoon Monday morn ings upjn tho sunject has Its placo here. 1 At tho Woslcy Churoh in tho morning tho Kbv. Thomas James, of South Australia, proaohed from the words— "For wo whioh live aro alway delivorod unto death j for Jesus sake, that tho Iifo also of Jcsns might bo made mnnifost in our body." Paul's meaning, tho preacher said, was that tho old identity, the oornal mind, must die in eaoh of us. His hearors must dismics from their minds the idea that reformation in Christ was possible. Men wore too far gono for that. Wo had altogochor dopartod from tbo light. The whole head is siok, and the wholo heart is faint. We must bo killed before we oan bo made alive. Tho old man Adam must die, in order that tho now man Christ may take his place, People are satisfied with respectability and orthodoxy, -but both these aro broken reeds. We havo not tho spirit of our profession as Christians. Hs exemplified this by pointing to tho demoralisation of tbo intellectual professions —literature, law, physio, and the pulpit— in whioh mou were serving tho dovil, ; nnd not God. A lifo led apart from Him was no Jifo at all, for whosoever livoth in pleasure is dead in sin. In all who woro not spiritu ally dead the strong man must bo oastlout, the animal must be ejected, in order that tbo Iifo of the Lord Jesus might come unto thorn; bnt thin was not tho Iifo of; the. world. Tho power to grasp and tho greed of _ gain woro purely Pagan and Gentile things. Selfishness was to bo found juBt as rampant in church lifo as outside of it. Churoh life, indoed, was too apt to bocomo a_mero oaolosinstiool sound of belief, a noto rious repetition of praying and preaching. W o should Bet our life on the now creation within us, which is only to be offeoted by tho generation of tho Holy Ghost. What wo want is not the ethios of Christianity, hut the sacrifice of the aarnal mind; and this tho preacher seemed to imagioe could be ' brought about by the individual himeolf. " He that bolieveth on tho Son hath over- lasting life'' was the text ohoson by Rev. Thomas JameB for his sermon in YVesloy .Churoh, Lonsdale street, yesterday evening. In speaking of tho Divinity of Christ, Mr. James Baid "None but God can forgive sin; Christ forgave sin ; thcroforo, Christ is God. They who deny the Godhead of Christ ore most illogical, for Christ said Ho created all things, therefore Recreated Himself, therefore He is not a erooturo, but a croator." Chris tians must livo in God. He (the preacher) lives always in God. Ho catno forth from God, and when his spirit leaves his body he will go straightway to God. Still thoro was no surplus credit due to him, for evon when he has fulfilled the law, he has done nothing moro than simple obedience. It is often asked " Why did notGod annnx somo other condition of Balvation than belief in Christ." These people want faith, and fnitb, ie its full morning, is character. There must. also be obedience, whioh is keeping tho laws of Cod striotly. Man oannot do this, therefore Christ has done it for him. "in its reflex inspiration hnngor is produced iu man. It is the initial confidence which hungers for God. Thon the water of lifo Hows and tho bread from heaven, therefore faith is a natu ral necessity." Proof that the Bible which teaches these things ia the Word of Goil is that it produces a result possibio only to that book, namely, a BaviDg of souls ; and it was God's love whioh gave it to us. What fills the arohives of heaven moro than any thiqg 'elso is the oondiscenaion of G- d to man. Whatever is accomplished in man is bv love, and love ia life, and life is God. Without love there is no lifer. A stirring discourse was given at th Synagogue, Bonrko street wo;t, last evening) by tun Rev. A. F. Ornstein, to a thronged congregation. His objoot was to repel tho unoharitable statements made regarding tho Jewish religion by a fashionable pruiohar recently ; nnd to vindicato it as a humane religion, whioh inculcated love t.i all mon. Right well did the rev. gentleman do ao. fn tho course of his sermon he said : " There i.i enough work for every God-fearing and right miudedman to do, without disseminat ing dogmas or false toaohings, whioh can only engender hatred. There is enough for him to do in removing the vice that teems in our midsi. ; in alleviating the misery and wretchedness by which he is surrounded Tho plan of the Mosaic dispensation is to join the hamin family into one great brotherho id, so that we may acknowledge tho Great God as tho Universal Father, nnd all men as brotliren. We Jews see ia tho Unity we worship no tutelar Deity wbo cares only for our race, bat tho God of all 'The Eternal loiiketh from heaven, and eonsidereth all the sous of men,' says our law ; and iu the words of tho prophet : ' Havo we not all ono Father; bath not God created us?' It is the o nnmon practice of many of our brethren professing another creed, to decry the princi ples of1 tho Jewish faith. Wo hear it asserted that tho Mosaio dispensation is cold in its tenets, anil vindictive in its laws. These professors endeavor to show that it was tho founder of Christianity who first taught the sublime doctrines of a high spiritual religion ; and thoy ignore tho truth that all tbo higher, all tho uobler attributes, were not only taught but pi aotised long beforo tbc doctrines of Christianity were promulgated. Do the rabbins toaoli that tile future of baopioess wo all look forward to with bopo when wo havo thrown off this mortal coil is reeerved fur a chosen few ? Did they teaoh a dootrino as narrow as that which the founder of Christianity taught when He declared : 'He thnt bolieveth and is baptised shall be saved, but lie that bolievoth not shall bo damt-od ? ' No, a purer, holior dootrine is theirs. I It is : The pious of all nations shall inherit futurity. Oh, my brethren, why should the pulpit ever 1-n a means of sotting man against his fallow ? Why busy ourselves with the errors of byegono days, when we havo the world nrounil 'us to work in ? Let us otrive to cast down tbo letter which killetii, and turn to tbo spirit which giveth life. Let lis strive by our acts, as well as by our words, to spread broadcast what should be tho true .'e scnof all icligiou — — That in every man we re- cogni- o a brother ; in every brother a child of God." i At tho CollinB street Baptist Church, in the evening, the Rev. James Martin preaohed an elaborate disoourse on. tho words: 'Wilt thou lie mvio whole?" Ho Baid the Fool of Botliesda was in all probability an intermittent siui'ig of medicinal water, possessing tho property of curing blindness, deafness; dumb- ni'.sj, lamonoBS, paralysis, diphthoiia, ; but the angel was probably an imerpolation. Ci. rial's miracles were performed for this purpose — narnoly, to suspend tho laws of nature, with a view to healing thoso diseases which, although unnatural, were thd rnsult of na' urn's laws, Be'ore exerting his mira culous powers Christ always coniulted thoso whom lie proposed to make wholo, except in the ci-o of tile dead ; and these Ho did riot a- 1; Eur cxamplp, He did not -woei'tnin from I,»znus whether ho wished to be brought. to, lifo again. Our Saviour visited Jitdea only . In signify His lovo for all tlie world, and lu-a'iul a'soleot few In order that He might cxhilii' His affrotion to tho whole of niliukinil. All through tbo Bible God bad made a enpri- ions selection of some ami rijeotedj others He chose Abraham, and pasied by many momherH of his family. Ho elected Jacob, | ami repudiated Esau I and bo with many I others. Nevertheless, salvation was not for' tbo ( loot, but for all. The gates if boaven wire open to the whole world, and all wbo likod to takoAip ttto' oross' might wea tho rcrowir.' — At the West-;.. Melbourne Presbyterian Churoh, the Rev.. A. Robertson preached yes terday morning, from Matt xxviii. 1—14, upon tho roaurreotioo of Christ. Mr. Robertson said the simplicity of tho blblioal records is an evidenoothat the ovonts spoken of woro net fictions but facts. ; The sopulchro was opened by a supernatural, earthquake, -so that Christ oould walk forth,' which was proof that ' He was the Lord, and tho firstfruits of them that slept. He ascended to Heaven as our hiji priost and representative, whore He will rule and reign until He has put all His onem'os under His feet. The apo-tles were witnosses that the atonomeat was oompletsd, and also of the glorious dootrincs and grace enwrapped in' the riatn bsdy. They were also partakorsof these dootrines, which, during the agos, have been sproading until this day, when the paoplo havo preaohed to them I the dootrines onoe delivered to the saints. The reBurreotian' is the keystone of the faith. Without it there would be no comfort; no consolation, no hope. With it the portals of eternity open to us, enabling us to realise that wo are united with the Lord by a living faith. Therefore wo should always rejoice in the resurreotion. At tho Friends' Mcoting House in Russell streot, the proaoher expatiated on the atone ment, aud mado it tho subjeot of a closoly- woven ohain of purely logical. reasoniag. Ho said God muat be worshipped iu the heart j bnt tho natural man cannot do so, inasmuch as ha must sin, and the sioner, wo are told, shall surely die. Bus as the doath of all sinners would havs involved the depopulation of the world. Christ, who was sinless, under took to die for all, in order that the justice of God might bo satisfied ; and as Christ was God, God oruoifisd God, and thus by this Drioide tho redemption of the wholo human race was effooted. TheLord Bishop of Melbourne administered the rite of confirmation yesterday afternoon at All Saiots' Churoh, Si, Kilda, to eighty porsons— thirty-two miles and. forty-eight females. Although uu notice of the service hid been given, tba chnrch was crowded. Tho service was notable for its bareness empty choir stalls anil an unueed organ worn the order of the afternoon. No note of musio destroyed the " charming simplicity" of tho ssrvioo. so that foronce his lordship was almost satisfied with his visit to this church. Another very notiosablo inconsistency was that instead of the female candidates (with a single exception) presenting themselves at this solemn service arrayed in white (as is the custom, most probably in every diocese in the world except that of Mel bourne), only the sombre hues of crey and blaok wore to be seen. This was the resnR of a very severe rebuke which, the Bishop, has thought fit of lato years to administer whenever candidates for confirmation havo dared to osBume that emblem of purity and simplicity— a white robe ' His lordship de livered his usual confirmation address on this occasion. Tho Rev. Mr: Woilaston proaobod vestcr day morning in Trinity Churoh, East Mel bourne, ohoosing as tho subjeot of his dis oourse the " Blood of Christ." The preaoher, with that clearness of expression for whioh ho is so justly noted, explained fnlly what he nuderstood by the blond of Christ, and thon in a few brief sentences sketched out for his hearers the belief whioh thoy, as true Christians, should hold on tho oleariy de fined dootrine that " without hlooilshedding there is no remission of Bin." Tho Lamb has redeemed us by His own blood ; the New Testament is full of it, and yet at no time oan you separate the blood of Christ from the life of Christ. He saved us by His blood, that is, by His life. Christ's life brought about His death ; He fearlessly rebuked sin, de nounced ail hypocrisy, and held up to soorn thoy who, for a pretence, made long prayers. He defied sio, and so stirred up His country men that they thirsted fur His blood. Tbo eins of humanity became too heavy for tho Lord, and He died ; Ho died for the sins of tho whole race, past, present, and future, This is a groat mystery, that without shed ding of blood thoro is no remission of sin. Why it should be neoraary for an all powerful God to shed human blood wo cannot tell, and more myeteiioaB still is it that God should have shed His own blood for us miserable sinners. All this is indeed a deep mystery, that blood has been shed for its ; but. thanks bo to G <d, wo aro simply re' quired to believe, cot to explain, that the natural death of tho man Christ oimo to pass in order that wo might havoimmortalitv. Thus, death nets us froe from all sin. In this blood the Father sees all His children renewed. If, then, it be true that without the shedding of Christ's blood thero be no remission of sin, it is as clear as noonday that imm riality depends entirely on tho belief of onr Lord's death. This is tho only metho'd ; all other ways lead to destruction The Roy, S. C. Kent preached yesterday in Victoria Patade Congregational Churoh. In the morning he ohoso for his subjeot— " Christ the Way." It ia to bo exceedingly doplored that man has departed from tho Father. By that we do not moin that man has gone btyond tho Father's presence, nor that man hae departed from the Father's influence ; but we moan man has lost the appreointion of the divine excbllence, he likes not to retain God in his knowledge, God is not in all lii3 thoughts, God is not in oil his ways. Man has lost tho consciousness of tho divino_ presence within him, and he oan only regain that con'oionsnesa through Jesus Christ. Originally man was liko his Maker, but in departing from tho Father ho tost that correspondence to the divine character. It is absolutely necessary that man should return to the Father. There is a craving in man for a Goil, and this craving God,, and God alone, can satisfy. It is rea sonable- that man 'should seek reunion with the Father ; hut many seek it in a wrong way. Thero is bnt one way— Christ is the way, tho only true and living way. While no man can como to tho Fathor but by Christ, any man by Christ may como to Him. At St. Matthew's Churoh, Prahran, yester day morning, tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne preaohed on tho Communion of Saints. This privilege of tho Christian, ho pointed out, was not confinod to any one soct or church. All who named the name of Christ wore members of God's honsohold, not merely as servants, but ae children. In them all thoro is but ono Lord, one Faith, one Bap tism, and above, tbo one God and Father ol all. Their differences were many aud various, but thcto failed to aff.-ot their harmony. Frequently in tho history of tho ohuroh thoy have (and are ?) been tbo causo of much evil, but . this is dne to roan's pronont-aa to ex aggerate diversity and ignore agreement, But now those who sat thera«elves nn as the exolusivo mombnrs of the Churoh of Christ aro aliens to tho truth. Soma differences there are of necessity, snch as nationality, education, rank, hnt thoso sink into insig nificance before the spiritual communion of all the saints. Tho Rev. J. W, Quirk, curate of the parish, delivered an iinpreseive discourse last oven- ing, in St. Mary's Church, St. Kiida, choos ing for his text the following words from the Gospel of St. Luke: — "Thero shall bo joy in lioaven over ono sinner that d' oth "p'eiianoe"inoto than over ninety and nine just persons," &o; It was not to bo supposed that this joy felt in hoaven was caused by any apcoial preference, but it was in aooord- anee. with, our own experience that that joy was most pleasing which came to us, ns it we're, uncxpeoted. Tho prodigal who shut out God- from his thoughts, and sorveil only his own- passions— to find him returning to tho paths of virtue and craving for meroy was tho.'spqetaols in , which , heaven took delight. It passed human comprehension to understand how God, who is all sufficient in Himself, surrounded by myriads of angola, continually adoring Him, could feel gratifiod at what the world might think, nf so little moment. But so it was. Tho ungels, its tho word implied, were guardians, kospiug us .out of .(he way of temptation, dircoting uBin the paths of virtue, making conquests in tho emtiro of Satan, and by overy induoement leading cur hearts to God. If wo would make our lives anpolio it Would be by faith fully performing each one the duties of his or ' her station ill life, reVor lorgotting for a moment that the Creator of heaven and earth and tha aagolia host around His throno, had an abiding love and an interest in the vot- fare of the poorest and meanest of His crea tures. I IMr. Greenfield— for, it seems, he disclaims the epithet "Keveiend" — proaohed yester day afternoon fromibo words— "Go to: the ant, consider her ways, and loarn wisdom." This wisdom ho defined to bo obedience to the Most High, because we aro told that "the fear of the Lord is tho beginning of wisdom ; " and, if obedient, man would rooeivo incessant inspiration or impressions from his Maker. Instinot in the lower animals he affirmed to be identical with genius in human beings, and to be tho result of obedience to divine impresiion. If man had not fallen, and had not set his own will above that of tho Croator, all men would have been endowod with tho gift of genius, or tho power of giving forth original ideas, that is, ideas derived from tho Most High, in (the measure of their, oapaoity to reoeive and transmit them. Genius was independent of onlturo. Witness David, Moses. Socrates, Shakspeare, aud otliors Witness atao the many inventions, as they are oailcd, which tbo Most High has c im muuioated to simple and illitcrato men. These ware just obedient to impression liko the jants, The inseots, however, aro wisor than man, beoauso thoir lives are governed by that law whioh man derides aud defies. Eaoh ant lives, not for himself, but for all tho otner members of the community. .His untiring industry is directed towards; tho general good, and not to his individual! ad vantage. His happiness oonsitts in the happiness of others. If wo examiae an ant hill, we -shall find it's inhabitants orgariised under a aystom of association and govern ment euch as no human forms of polity hava attained to. Its structure is perfeot;and the harmony of all its constituents admir able and enduring. Thero are no panjiers, no criminals, no drunkards, no drones, 'and no lunatioi. Thoro is n common granary, a common sentiment, a common interest, a common obedionco. Ambition, envy, just, covotousness, pride, vanity, nnd selfislmese aro unknown. Decrepitude aud disnasq are equally strangers to them. They are healthy and happy j and they constitute a common, wealth which may well be tho wonder' and despair of disobedient mankind ; which dis dains to follow the admonition of Solomon to " go to the ant, consider her ways, and loarn wisdom." : 