FBEELIN&, Jan. 2. CFrom a Correspondent.) The last 'changa ia the weather has proved very beneficial for gathering the harvest ; tbe machines are oa the move with a nearly perpetual motion j tha re sult of bag filling turns out not up to expectation, and particularly where the hail storm visited, the fanners pull long laces; Tbe other crops are deceitful where they promised well ; but farmers are always in trouble. The iaik is 200,000 tons surplus breadstuffi, no bags, no ships, or storage ; say over 1,000 tons for every man, woman, aud child in the country. (Question)— That beats Jona than. The JN'ew Year came in fifet- rate as re gards the^weather. 'We did not get the 20,000 visitors, neither did we provide for them, still wo had a good sprinkling. Freeling was like an ant's nest, trampling on one another's toes, till the Kapuada Band struck up and drew the attention. Near Mr Gibson's Hotel was the Chi Och Band, 'and 'consequently we had a very fiae discord all tbe afternoon. The fun and frolic consisted of horse racing, hurdle races, athletic sports, hunting pig, &o.; If I try to explain all the other amusements, you will have a difficulty to understand. The day was rat lie r warm and had the usual effect on the upper storey of one or two ; still all things passed off pleasant, and to put the fiuisli ing stroke on, jf ball was held at Mr Gib son's and Mr Krugcr's store, till the small hours gave notice for separation. I only hope all those that visited ua will be as happy all the year round as they-were at its commencement. ..Notice to whom it may concern, Bathurst Burr ^and Scofcih thistles are growing in and around the township- in a very luxuriant fashion. The Adelaide Utfioy Mikstbels. — These clever vocalists gratified us on Monday evening: with one of their clever musical entertainments, and were weil patronised, especially when we consider how empty Gawlerusually is at Christisag time. The prograniaie was a good one, and the performers on the whole did it justice; the /act, however, must be admitted with respect to the singing that the serious and sentimental far exceeded in execution' and interest the comic and the ludicrous, the latter witb its ' dances ' so called, being about as senseless an affair as can well be conceived. The pieces sung by Air Gower and Mr Horfcon were realtreatsj and the choruses by the whole orchestra were as effective as good time, taste and execution could make them. Tae dialogues between Bones and Tatnbouruio were highly piquant and amusing, bu,t the long colloquy about dying at. sea aud dying in bed ^ad not only the disadvantage of being tedious ani dull, but of having its . result anticipated before it was reached, the story being narrated in Back's anecdotes seventy years ag--», aud in Chambaud's French Exercises, about as longr aud in every editioa of Joe Miller during the present century. The singing of the gentlemen named was in every instance warmly encored, and wLen Mr Gowar oa one occasion- responded vr'th the 'Death of Kelson,' the expressions of gratification and applause w^re intense. The duet of the ' Larboard Watch ' by Messrs Gowerand Ilorton was admirably sung and highly appreciated. As for the Burlesque Opera, the conception is good, but it requires to. be far more vivacious than as represented on Monday night. Harry Harcourt as Mr Mahogany Brown held the piece up admirably, aud the Manager (Mr Harry Harcourl), sup ported the affair with a goad deal of animation, but ' the three principal characters, the lady and her colleagaes, must have more given them to do in order to keep up the Burlesque, wliieh ia capable of being made more entertaining and attractive. The mn'kc-'jp of the lady was striking, but she was far too jnaui inate. Ihe-singing m the piece was very good, and the delicate 'and elegant fingering of fcha splendid Institute Piauo by Messrs Preston and Pearce, was a eharming contrast to the thumping and noise to which tha instrument is occasion - ally subjected by players called clevor, but who have evidently more skill snd musical talent than either taste, dis crimination or judgment. The g^n^ial ability of tlie -TJn'^n Minstrels we inav venture to say will rlwcya seeurs for them a waha w*]cozne in Gawler. Wir- LAsTon 'WEsrarAtf Sunday School AxNivEasABT. — Services in connection with the anniversary of the above school were held last Sunday and Monday; It had been announced that Mr Ottoway of Port Adelaide would conduct the Sunday* services ; but through, the sudden death of his father he was prevented from bo. doing. His place was supplied by the .Bey, J, 0, McMichael in. the ,^fterQCon, ? '' ?? - ? - ? — ? ? '?'-&««?? ? -^ and Mr. John Jones in the evening, 1&e; congregation being moderately large. On - Monday the chidren were supplied with pSHicTtea for adults was prbvidea;%liich-:^ wa«r ??» Sot very largely attended. - Stie attenda&ce;* at the public meeting was hardly as {large as 'the -friends 'of tlie' : school might have wished. Mr J.- Mani- fold wfts'called upon to preside, and some what reluctlanfcly consented. He, how ever, proved himself quite equal to the occasion, and enlivened the meeting with. v his hapoy remarks. The meeting' was addressed by the Rev. Mr Caseley, Messrs Jones, Wilkinson, Jilnian, and others. CiLAMrTrES op Aitthoes. — ' P&ol; Borg hese, who was Well known in his day, had - IS trades, and was nearly starving with them all. Terence was a slave, and Boetaius breathed his last in goal. Tasso was f reqaently in very great pecuniary enibarrass raeutsj Bentevoglio was refused admittance into tke very hospital he founded : and Edmund Allen, contemporary with Shakespeare, died ia his own alms-house, CoineilJe was poor to a proverb, and SaGjne left his family to be sup ported by his friends. Dryd. n on the vergO of his seventieth year could' not obtain for big poetry more tlian sixpence a line. When Thomson first came to London he was often put to his shifts lor a dinner, and the debt3 he then contracted lay hea'vy upon him for a lonsr time after. Butler was never master of fifty pounds. Camoens died in an hospital, and Ofcway is said to have died with hunger. The death of the last-mentioned individual was accompanied with circamstances peculiarly uffeefcing. Sleeting, as he wits walking in the street, with a benevolent one who sighed and - passed a gained into hia hand, the perishing poet flung down the gold into a baker's store, snatched up a roll of bread, eagerly thrust it into his mouth, and attempted to swallow the whole; his frenzied pye swam horribly, hia visage turned blact, his hands were clenched, and in another moment he gave iip the ghost. Cervantes served as a common soldier, wrote his principal work in prison, and died for want. Churchill died a beggar ; and Vaughau left hia body to the surgeons to defray his debts. Grcl3 sinilh, when ho died, owed two thousand pounds more than he possessed. Biclierstaff ran away for debt, and Lloyd expired in the 'Fleet. Parden Jones and Uoyee the poet both died iu great distress, the former in an hospital, and the latter in a garret. Foote died penniless, and Sterne left hi3 -family in povevty. ' It has been remarked, ? that Bale iwh and B:icon in England. Calderon i:i Spain, aud Barneveldfc iu Holland, paid almost simul taneously the severe penalty of having possessed political talent.' The reception their discoveries have met, and the general treat ment they have encountered from ILeir rela tions and contemporaries, ia every age oE life, a« on the same low scale. The father o? Pettarch cast to the flames the poetical library o? his son, amid the shrieks and groans of tho youth. We find the learned Selden tinging his recantation ; the aged Galileo on his knees, with his hands on the gospels, abjuring as absurdities, errors, and heresies, the philo sophical tiuths he had discovered; and the great SyJenham, so highly provoking, by the independence : and force of hb geaius, the malignant emulation of his rivals, that they conspired to have lain banished out of the college, as ' guilty of medicinal heresy/ ' ' An author/ observes D Israeli, * though born to safi^r matiyrdoiu, does not always expire. He may be flayed like St. Bau i?iolomew, and yefe he can breathe without skia ; stoned like St. Stephen, and yet write' on with a broken head ; and he has iiecn even known to survive the flames, -notwithstanding the most precious part ot an author (which is obviously his book) has fceeu burat into an auto da fe.' ?'* Such has been frequently the hard fsto o€- ? genius; -Not only has she. had to contend with those imaginative and sensitive disquiets and retirement aud self-communion, with, the irri tation of the neivous system, the Liiu-S«' and fever of too sentient a temperament, with the . wear and harrow of deep thought, and the deprivation of health, strength, eleep, and spirits , but also with the heart-burnings anp heart-breakings of bitter foes, cruel opposition, and pale ha'gaiu want-' ? 