Strange Stories. ANOTHER proof of the old adage " murder will out'' is given by the Trenton Sentinel: — It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body of a s'ranger was found in the woods, near I he Stonybrook bridge, about ono mi'c to the < a-^t of Pennington, a villnire. New Jersey coun^v. We were children then, residing near said village, and remember the circumstances well. Tt was an incident to make an impression in a quiet rural neighhorhoo I. Years later, when we boys used to go to swim in that local it more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circumstances; for boyhood, as well as age, is superstitions. Nobodv believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them ! The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face distorted, the eyes protruding as though the dead man had died in asrony. Bis hat lay a few feet fromliim. His dress betokened one in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remembered to have seen him. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few daye since accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. In the number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years a"o, in the state of New Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner and worked in New York. When Eberhart came out he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberhart on tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stopped to eat food they had procured before starting. Hulseman then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an 'hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on all the while. Ho then robbed him of his monev, and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death-bed confession three thousand miles from tlie place of commission ; aud yet it is even so. The NORD relates the following incident which has happened at Flessingue, in Holland :—" A wife exasperated by the continual drunkenness of her husband, threatened him "with death. Some days ago she attempted to p-ut this threat into execution. There was but an at tic above the sitting-room. To this she ascended, made a hole in the floor, and passed a rope through it, one end of which fell into the room below, while the other remained fastened in the attic. She then descended, made a slip-knOt in the rope, and awaited her husband's return. He at last arrived, and was much surprised to receive no x reproaches on his 'bad conduct. t There is something underhand here,"* thought he, ' I must see."* We must premisethat this scene took place in darkness The husband whose suspicions were roused, let himself fall into a chair, and appeared to sleep profoundly. After some snoring he felt a rope passed round his neck; he then understood the little trick that was to be played upon him, but did not move. His wife then went up to the attic, and taking advantage of this moment's respite, the drunkard relieved himself of his rope, and fastened it to the foot of the stove, which soon went up the ceiling with a frightful noise, caused by the falling of some crockery which was standing upon it. The wife, thinking the noise was caused by the fruitless struggles of her husband, ran to the police-office to declare that she had found her husband hung. The police arrived in hot haste, and a candle was lighted, when all started back at the spectacle which presented itself The stove was swinging gracefully in space, and the husband sat gravely smoking his pipe. Instead of a suicide, an attempt to murder, was established against the wife, who was arrested." 