STRANGE BUT TRUE. An English paper says : — ' A remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named Jobn Keaae, residing in Alexander street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on the 26th January a mes senger from the Union brought him intelli gence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied him self of the accuracy of the report, he pro ceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary cer tificate of death he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the under taker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The u-ual wake was held, when &U; the relatives of the deceased with the neighbors assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The re mains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard and were solemuly interred, Keane's grief beiuj so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lonely supper that eveniupr the latch, of the door waa lifted, and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and, throwing her arms arround his neck, in the wildest ec stacy began kissing him, Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet, addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane's could not under stand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he nar rated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Mr. Keane immediately pro ceeded to the Union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter-street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amuse ment in the city. 