ARCHDEACON DENISON ON THE CON- FESSIONAL. ARCHDEACON DENISON, in prerohing on Eund»7 before I tho Chief Baron of the Exchequer, tho Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the -day or and Corporation Ju the Wells Cathedral, dwelt at cinsiiorablo length on the severo crisii through whioh, ho aald, tho Church of Eirund was now liaising In connection with tho question of confession and absolution. Of the abatement of that toverlty he saw no prospect. A glorious opportunity was now vouchsafed to tb« reformed Church of Ung land to como io tho front. It wai required of eveiy me m I-ar of the Chu oh who-found himself nuable to quiet his consolence by corfesslon to Ged to go ti God'H piieis to confess himself. It wes au iut-g.vl part of the oommhaion received of tho Holy Ghost by eveiy pilost nt thu hands of his- bishop that be should hear the penltout's . confession, (id whoa ho saw fit give bim absolution. Tho wot di spoken by, Jesus Christ to His dlsoiples on the day of the resurrection, when He gave the mission to evangeline the world in His nonie, were put by the Church lato the mouths of her bishops , when they oonferrc I 4he order of priesthood : "Ec iv- the Holy Ghost for the office and worh of a priest of the Ohuroh of God' now commit1- d unto theo by tbo imposition of our ham's. Whoso ams thou dost for- give they aro forglvon, and whoeo Bias thou doät retain they aro lotár.od." But .in the faca of the plpin natural moaning of tho words 'n St. JOPU'H Gospel and of tho parallel places In Holy So. Ipture, it was commonly denied hore lu England that Jésus Christ gavo to man the r/owór to forglvo or to ivltbholl the forgiveness of slue in His name, ind it was contended, therefore, that tho, Prayer Book could not mean what it naid on behalf of tho Reformed Conrail. Now, it was a dangerous thing, especially in » count.y whoro peoplo liked plain sj, .»king, to tel1, them, that tho Scriptures or tho Prayer Book did not nieah what thfly said ; and he h Cir morl in the most formal way that tho premiso and tho conolusion wera nl'ke false. Private confession and absolution bad thore i the common fa's of truths obsouroi by man's mi,usa or I'luio, or both, and when the Providence of God rev .ved tho perception of truth obaonred rail of. pions . obser- vances neglected, lt was pitt of tho punishment of past blindness and unthankfulnoss that' tho revival, Instead of hoing welcomed rs hoing, whatsit was, on out- pouring of tho. Spi'.It, w»s logref-od rn' in if-c'f unsound And untrue. If Sa .ipture said ono thing in | England and the Times newspaper another, SOO out of 510 people would boliovo the .Times'.' A piimary truth of tho Gospel, an observance under &iven; conditions, imperative on priest and pooali", a law and ordinance of the Church, testified by the greatest names, had fallen with doubt, but that lt still existed as a law in some Bhape could not bo denied. After Some further observations, the Arobdoacnn went on to say that tho two places in which tho doctrino of private confession end absolution was art forth in the Prayer Book were the order of the administration of the Lord's Supper and that fortho visitation of the slok, and to warda.tho aloso of his address, contonded. that to roatriot confession and absolution ' to the deathbed or to cases of gross sin iras voiy Uko to rcstrioting repentance to such oases. He cited the names- of< 42 archbishops and bishops and 29. priests of the Beformed Church who had borne testi- mony to what'ho maintained was the true teaching respecting confession, adding that those names did not represent tho whole value, muoh less the amount of tho toatimony, any moro than the. memorial of tho 483 olergy represented tho value of the amount of earnest longing within tho Reformed Church for tho Boveral things sot down in it. -Tue" Archdeacon alio quoted a pa'.sago from tho "Bampton Leotnres," written by tho pi-oaent Bishop of Salisbury, in favour of confession and absolution, alleging that the great def< ct ia the passage was that it seemed to rcstoro confession and absolution to the dying bed. Tho Archbishop conoluded by expressing his gratitude to tho Almighty that priests by thousands were teaching and practising private confession, and that ihe laity by tons of thousands wore rr-jololng in the comfort which tri tiwi afforded 