MODERN GHOSTS. ' . Gbn«ts s'om to havo transferred thoir favours from the suburbs ond polico courts of Loudon to o still mare credulous country than ourown. In Amcricn they oro becoming a daily nuisance, and the columns of lending- journals nro- con- Hiiu.iiijr uuvuieu vo uuromciing ineir move, moots. Tho latest accounts .spoat; of six .notorious cases, all contemporary and in full forco up to dato. Ono is tho ghost of a lfttlo hoy. with goldon hair, ond dressed in brown, who is alw&v; looking through tho window of a sohool nt Newburyport, kept by a' certain Miss Perkins, oud frightening' Iter 'and heir pupils out of such wits as they may happen "to havo among them. A second is tho easo of a .Miss Clcmntioo Jones; of LmMngburg," who is vicitniLc.d by the yetting of uiiaccquntablo voices, tho sound of. footsteps, and irioncral, by. tho "shadow of mystery," whatever that may mean. A third ghost is a young woman who haunts tho driver of the engino Von Moltke, on tho Syraouso and Binghampton Ituhvny. "A mysterious voico proclaiming tho prccnce of tho spcctro on tho engine," is heard all the way to Marathon— not, wo must assume, tho Marathon of classic memory. The driver ulono sees her, but tho guard onco hoard theso awful words, " Now, Billy, I'vo got you, and will throw you into tho water." After this both guard and driver naturally refused to run Von Moltke any more, aod their places wero supplied by other men. Ghost nnmbcr four is a human hoad, which visits ft house In Virginia, with gluring eyes, a throat cut froin ear to ear, and uttering cries for " blood." The owner of tho house is Baid to hive offered to sell it, ghost and a)), for half its valuo. But the fifth is tho most wondorful of ail — it is tho ghost of a ruilway engine, running at Newark on the. 10th of every month, with unusual punctuality, at 12 o'clock p.m. Six hundred people actually gathered together on the last occasion, and, though they 6iw nothing, heard n most unmistakeblo' whistle nt tho proper hour. L istly, Mr. Charlos Dickens is d elating to n compositor tho continuation of " Kdwin Drood." All these cases rest on the " bent authority/' "Wonderful things happen in America; and perhaps not tho least wonder ful thing is the Groit Hcpublic's Belf-glorifica- lion on its l etnc free from the worn-out suner- stitions of our credulous Old World 1 Globe.' A New York writor on faririons says:— " Tho number of our .prematurely grey young women on the streets, dressed id the height of fiiahion, and stylish, attracts attention. Tho bair is not powdered or frosted, tut is really grey. One would bardly credit tho fact, but a fact itis, that a chemical process is resorted to to Mescb the hair 'white. Tho reign of tho blond is over, aod tbo oid term tor-head ' passes from room to room. Golden locks aro at a discount. Raven tresses nro vulgar, and snowy hair is the stylo. Tho highest-priced wigs aro grey, and not black or auburn. Such is tho tyranny of fashion thut young girls with black and auburn bair oro crazy to have a bleached bead." An English traveller somo years ngo. married s well-to-do widow in GWguw. Congratulated by n Irieiid about a yrnr after on .bis new position, . 44 Yes," said be, 44 1 Irnve not been idle. I have changed my profession, married a wife, pot a littlo ton, hat) the house on fire, dono tho rebuilding, put n presentation, and won & law.suit, all in tho first Udve mouths." 