NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Thursday, October 16. Ins Phrsuiknt took the chair at twenty-six minutes past 4 o'clock. ASSENT TO BILL. The PRESIDENT reported the receipt of a message from the Governor, notifying that his Excellency, in the name and on behalf of her Majesty, had given assent to the Postage on Newspapers Abolition'ltill. MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT AMENDMENT BILL, Mr. DARLEY moved the second reading of this bill, which, he admitted, introduced the novel principle st allowing to, a wife that remedy which the husband now had in case of adultery. It was intended to remove from our law the reproach at present affixed to it in dealing out un- even justice to these, parties. On. three different occasions prior to the introduction of this particular bill, the Legisative Assembly passed a bill having in it a clause which contained the principle involved in the present bill. But the council on two different occasions throw out the bill altogether, and on the third occasion passed the bill without the principle contained in the measure before the House. of For the fourth time the Assembly had passed the bill with the same provision incorporated in it, and for the fourth time the principle was presented to this House for its concurrence. This might be no reason to warrant the Council in accepting the measure; the question in its nature was not one upon which the Council was to be guided by the Assemby. But the opinion that House had with so much deliberation formed, would no doubt have due in eight. The bill was to give the wife the same right that the husband now possessed to get rid of her partner in case he committed adultery. It was argued against this principle of equality, that the crime the part of the wife Lad far more serious results, and was of a far more dangerous complexion than the same crime on the part of the husband. It was said to involve the possible, introduction of spurious issue into the family, and the total want of attention of the wife to the husband. He. admitted the force of that argument, but he submitted that it was thoroughly misapplied when put forward as a reason against this bill. He admitted that the crime on the part of the woman had a far more serious import so far as the public was concerned. The crime the part of the husband did not bring about the same danger to the community, for such prejudicial influences in the home circle. But that was no reason why relief should not be given equally to. both parties. The argument amounted to this that because female A had committed a crime of danger to the public and a source of unhappiness, the innocent woman B should Suffer. Another argument was found in the danger of collusion. In such cases there was always danger of collusion, and the Legislature had seen fit to protect the public as far as it could by introducing clauses to enable the law officers to intervene to prevent evils of that kind. There would no doubt continue to be instances of collusion, but there would be no more in the case of wives seeking divorce from husbands than in husbands seeking divorce from wives. As the law now stood there was quite as much danger of collusion as there would be if the bill before the House should come into force. The law at present enabled a wife to get a divorce from her husband on some five different grounds. Some of those grounds might be dismissed from consideration as in the highest degree unlikely to arise, and attention might be confined to the wife seeking divorce on the ground of her husband's adultery, which she could not got on that simple, ground. It must be shown that the husband had been guilty of such cruelty as without adultery would entitle her to a divorce a mensa ft there in England, or that', without reasonable cause he had deserted her for two yestil ' j Was that a proper state for the law of a colony to be all It was almost impossible to define what was legal cruelty- under that clause, yet it was necessary that it should be proved to be such as without adultery would entitle the wife to divorce. The present bill was to remove the grave reproach which now existed in our law of divorce, to remove the obligation upon his wife to prove personal violence before she could got relief from an adulterous husband. Why was the husband entitled to divorce on the ground of adultery Many thoughtful persons thought divorce ought not to exist at all, even on the ground of adultery by the wife ; but others who, he thought, were more thoughtful still, hold it to be a proper ground for relief-that it was utterly impossible for a husband to live with a wife who had committed herself in that way, because he know he could no longer possess her affections that all ties of affection were severed ; so that he was entitled to be relieved from a person bearing his name, who put herself forward an his wife, but yet with whom it was impossible to live on such forms as should subsist between married persons. In many cases such offences had been condoned by the husband whose feelings were v outraged, and he had not thought relief necessary. So it would be in (some cases with regard to wives. In nine . hundred and ninety- nine cases out of a thousand, where there had only been single instances of adultery on the part of the husband, he ventured to say the wife would never seek the remedy proposed to be given in this bill. It was when she felt that she had lost the 'affection of her husband that his home was no longer a home for her - that her children were, being brought up under the worst influences, or when her husband brought under his roof a prostitute, that she would seek relief and under such circumstances could it be denied that she -was entitled to a relief beyond the separation a ments at those, which simply compelled her to quit her home, leave her husband, and live a life of widowhood without power to marry again. This could not be conducive of happiness or to public morality. But the advocates of the measure, as it at present stood, said that if " the husband committed adultery and treated his wife with cruelty, she would be entitled under the present law to a divorce But it was almost impossible to define what was legal cruelty. The only definition he believed that had been attempted to be put forward was that the man must havo^nfUctcd bodily injury upon his wife, or have caused a reasonable apprehension of such bodily injury as would endanger her life. He referred to a case decided in England recently,' in which the amount of cruelty inflicted upon the wife was horrible to contemplate, and yet, under the law, it wka ' hot held to be such as to entitle her to a divorce. Adultery was committed by the husbands under his own roof, he being in the habit of leaving his wife's bed to go the bed of one of the female servants. This was about as grievous a case of adultery as one could possibly conceive ; hut allocking as it was to the feelings of a woman, it was coupled with acts of the grossest cruelty. Lord Penzance, the Judge, however, considered that it was not legal cruelty. The husband expressed a confirmed hatred for his wife, but he seemed to have known that so long as he did not use absolute physical violence to her she had no redress against him. Amongst olhcracts of cruelty, he was in the habit of bringing a dog into his wife's bed and placing it between himself and his wife night after night. She would remonstrate with him and then he would curse and swear' and use the most abominable language towards her. That was not cruelty in the oyoof the law, however horrible and she could not get relief. Yet if she committed the simplest act of adultery without cruelty he at once would have 'fuM relief from her, and be discharged from the marriage tie. She, on the other hand, was bound to remain and live with him, to suffer all this or to quit her home and its influences, the control of her children, and yet bear his name. She had that option. Was this House going to stamp with its approval that state of the law by saying it should be continued. We had now a Divorce Act in this colony, and from time to time women might seek divorce on the ground of adultery and cruelty and were they to be denied relief because such acts as those to which' he had referred did not amount to cruelty in the eyes of the law. It was said there would be danger of collusion if the wife were allowed a divorce for adultery alone ; but that danger would not be greater than that existing under the law as it stood at present. Suppose the husband and wife did agree, what was more simple than for the husband in the presence of witnesses to use personal violence towards his wife ; then the wife might swear that there had been acts of-jorsonal violence in addition to adultery. Was that any safeguard against collusion? No; the fact of cruelty being introduced afforded no safeguard against collusion. If they were anxious to live apart, the husband, having committed adultery would not stop at committing such acts of violence as would be sufficient to ensure the separation. In the recent case in England -Milford v., Milford the husband was in the habit --of, committing repeated acts of adultery with prostitutes; the wife remonstrated, and on one occasion he took up a poker and said if she went on talking, he would dash her brains out. He swore at and cursed her, and would not occupy the same bedroom with her, and hung up in it pictures of the women with whom he lived. But those things were not regarded as acts of cruelty. There must be a blow struck. Was it not a fact, however, that there could, without violence, be much cruelty, to the feelings as to prove that the wife no longer. had a husband ? Could she fulfil the duties of matrimony when she knew her husband was in the habit of consorting with prostitutes, and seducing women under J the' ' roof L to which she, as a wife, had come for protection. It was a mere quibble of the law, and a disgrace to the law that this matter of cruelty should be introduced as 'an ingredient necessary to entitle a womajP W the same relief as that to which the husband was entitled' In the marriage service of the English Episco paliancOhurch, and he believed something of the same kind occurred in the Roman Catholic service, the minister pointed out three things for which marriage was designed the procreation of children, to avoid the sin of fornication, and for the mutual help and comfort of the parties in prosperity and in adversity. If it was for those that marriage was ordained they ceased in the case of the man altogether when he had lost his wife's affection, and the Legislatures of all English colonies now had given effect to the laws of divorce, and he was able to rid himself of the legal tie which existed between them. The Church service pointed out no distinction between one party and another J : the three grounds were as applicable to the woman as much as to the pan. The crime of adultery might have different results on the two sexes, but the bill, before the H3»seVwá»''a-¡measure to give relief to the persons lawful suffered to -H give' relief to the wife who, W|ta.,;sTunerinf-frora her. husband's-orirpe.' He had read all the arguments which, had been adduced in the other House. and listened to those urged in this, with a great deal of attention; but he had heard no argument which commended itself to his mind as worthy of consideration arthur of the view that this crime was different In the woman to what it was in the man. This was the first colony that had session after session brought forward a bill having the object of this measure embodied in it. It had however been considered when the Matrimonial Causes Bill was first brought before the Imperial Legislature, and it formed the subject of an interesting debate, in which Mr. Gladstone figured in the House of Commons, and Lord Lyndhurst in the House of Peers, Lord Lyndhurst and four other nobleman (amongst whom was the late Governor of this colony, Lord Belmore,) had left upon record a protest, which they signed against the passing of the bill, substantially upon the ground that it did not accord this equal right to both sexes. He did not say that the opponents of this bill were devoid of feeling ; he believed that many of them were possessed of the most chivalrous principles, and were patterns, of all that which husbands and men ought to be. But he believed that such persons took a mistaken view, and were led away by consideration of the crime as committed by the wife compared with the less serious effect of it when committed by the husband. But why not leave the matter in the hands of the wives, in he would probably in nine hundred and ninety-nine cases out of a thousand, condone the offence, unless accompanied by aggravating circumstances, But when a woman was outraged in all her feelings, when every too sacred to her had been severed, when she had not a home to go to, when her children were brought up (it might be) pointing to their father living in a state of But was it not a time for the Legislature to step in and accord the relief which, under similar circumstances, would be given to the husband. Where was the line to be drawn ; had not women the same feelings as men lJ He would leave the bill in the hands of the House; reminding them that there was already divorce law, and that all that was now desired was to engraft upon it a principle of evon justice. He trusted that they would pass this measure, believing that they would not incur the danger which had been apprehended, but would extend to the other box that relief which we claimed for ourselves. (Hear, hear). Mr. C. CAMPBELL May very sorry that, so soon after the matter had been set bed, this ghost should again startle them from their propriety and he should have supposed that Mr. Darley would be the last person in the House to bring such a measure forward, knowing that gentleman's strong attachment to English law, which should have induced him to accept the wise compromise of the English statute rather than venture into an unknown son of difficulties. He should not say a word as to the argu- ment which had been adduced as to " legal cruelty," except to disabuse their minds from supposing that wives were left by the present law at the mercy of their husbands. A wife could at any time obtain protection ; the present law did not deprive her of her right to divorce a mensa co there, although it was styled by another name. The only point of advantage (if advantage it were to be gained by the passing of this bill was that, whereas at present a wife could obtain a protection and be separated from her husband, and force him to maintain her and her children, but could not marry again, she would in future be enabled to do so. The law of the old Catholic Church for 1500 years had seen that whoever married a woman living apart from her husband would be an adulterer ; but as we were not living in a Christian country (on, ch) Christianity not being established here he need not advert to religious arguments, but merely look at the question in what would be called in these days a rational view." In that light, then, the woman at present could not re-marry, but had all the protection she could refuse. Mr. Darley had endeavoured to enlist sympathy on behalf of the injured and cruelly treated woman; but his argument had been little better than claptrap, inasmuch as woman was not obliged to endure this cruelty. This was a far more important subject than even his learned friend's remarks would lend them to suppose ; but he maintained that the happiness of mankind was not best promoted by ill-considered projects or abstruse propositions. No wise community could allow philosophers to disorganise it with a view to reorganization on some fantastic principle. Here had been English law well recognised and adopted for some years and if this new principle were adopted, there would be no precedence in our English books to guide the Judge who presided over the Courts of Divorce. At present it was almost impossible for him, or any other Judge, to our, having the benefit of all the English precedents ; but this would introduce a class of cases for which no precedent could be found. The matter had only just been settled as it stood at present; not a single case had yet been tried before the newly established Court. The Judge had only just laid down rules to regulate the practice ; and now it was proposed to add to his difficulties by introducing a new, law altogether. He contended that, apart from the moral aspect to the question in our relations as members of society, heads of families, there was a life rent significant) between adultery in the wife and by the husband. On the purity of the wife rested the happiness, not only of her husband, but of her children ; whereas, in the other case, a man might be led into an indiscretion perhaps at a time when liquor had laid his wisdom asleep, or when led astray by the attractions of some by ron. Although the crime was no doubt the same in the eyes of the Holy of Helio., yet in regard to the social position of mankind it was not so. He declined to enter into consideration of the subject as treated by the Church, because the Church of Christ had for 1500 years insisted upon the indissolubility of the marriage tie altogether. Whilst it was so impossible to account for the differences between man and woman, it was the merest folly to talk of giving them what was styled " equal rights." [The hon. gentleman quoted an article from the Quarterly Ji rit.y Those gentlemen who urged us to change from the law of England were always harping upon one point the natural equality of woman's rights with them; of man. The natural result of laws founded upon such a basis would be similar to that brought about among the ancient people of Alberni. Notwithstanding that we congratulated ourselves upon living in an age of progress and high civilization, it was absurd for us to claim exemption from evils suffered by, a people who possessed a literature which every scholar would admit was superior to ours. What was the marriage state at that time ? The Greeks came to look upon marriage as a means of producing rations for the State, and the result was that every man sought his happiness in the society of educated courtesans. If you would break up the very foundations of society and place where people in a position very different from that they had occupied hitherto with regard to the social status, they would run the risk of introducing the same dissolute manners that existed among that highly literary people the Greeks of Athens. Mr. RUSSELL said he had been opposed to giving divorce a place in our Legislature, but he thought the Act was capable of amendment by the introduction of the principle of this bill. He could not do otherwise than believe that o\ ery' Ton who loved his wife thought her his equal and he did not think the danger of the wife committing adultery was greater than in the case of the husband. Mr. J. CAMPBELL opposed the bill, which he did not think had been fully considered by the other House. He could not conceive how woman could be put upon the same footing as man, from whom she was made. if a woman took a man for better for worse she was bound to hold by him. Thousands of women could commence actions to-morrow against their husbands for adultery if this Act were passed. They could marry again, and might have fifty husbands and as many children and instead of an honest healthy progeny, we should go back to the apes. The bill was retrogressive in its policy, and at variance with Christian principles. ' Mr. INNES should vote against the bill, because he was opposed to the dissolution of marriage. He draw the distinction between a judicial separation (as it was called) and' the dissolution of marriage. If he were an advocate for the legal dissolution of marriage, notwithstanding the great force of Mr. Campbell's arguments, he should unhesitatingly give his unqualified adhesion to the principle of the bill. It was monstrous to say that in such matters a woman was not entitled to rights equal to those of the plan. But the bill was conferring a right to perpetuate a grievous wrong in the majority of cases, not only upon the parties concerned but upon society at large, by granting a dissolution of marriage. Mr. Darley's chief argument seemed to be that it would be wrong to refuse relief. It was not a matter of relief ; the proper relief the law already furnished, and the House was not justified, in going further. The dissolution of marriage, which was said to be the only means of relief, would give fresh opportunities for" gratifying the propensities which led to it. This would tend to confirm the wrong, and' to gratify the wrong doer. Innocent or guilty, either party could marry again. In the case of judicial separation, the woman was as free (except as regarded re marriage) as if the marriage were absolutely dissolved and the husband, if a wrong door, could be obliged by the law to maintain her in a position equal to that she occupied before. It was simply shocking to think that what was stated to be the only relief was one that left the wife to the conjugal embraces of some successor to the previous husband. The relief- properly so-called had been already granted. As far as the husband was concerned, the granting of a dissolution of marriage permitted a further, commission of the crime for which it was granted. He quoted from a speech made by Lord Stawell upon the question of the facilities granted for the dissolution of marriage. He concurred with what had been said by Mr. Darley as to the absurdity,, of drawing a distinction between man and woman by saying that the latter should not xx entitled to a dissolution of marriage for adultery unless coupled with cruelty. He believed that a man who would be guilty of adultery would be capable of committing the other cognate crimes. He looked upon the crime of adultery as being as base a one as could be committed; he could not recognise nice distinctions in this respect. It must be remembered that women were subjected to tempta- tions which could never assail a man, and to importunities which could have no effect upon a man. He commented upon the cases quoted by Mr., Darley. He believed that, granting -a dissolution of marriage upon these facile terms prompted to the commission of wrong. He Was surprised at Mr. Darley's referring to the English Church service that hon'.' gentleman had apparently forgotten that portion of it in which persons married were joined together " for richer for poorer, for better for worse, " till death did them part. of Mr. Darley'desired to substitute' " until one or the other becomes tired of the bond." The ' principle that prevention was better than 'cure was best lnthteooaeee.- If-he were-in-favour of the'dissolubility of marriage, he should be infra-red this principle also, because he should then think that a dissolution granted to the husband should be granted to the wife; But he was entirely opposed to the dissolution of marriage under any circutnatenccs ;. therefore he could not support this bill, Mr. DARLEY replied. The only argument which had been adduced against the measure was that which he fore- saw all along would be urged namely, that prime in the wife was greater than in the husband. He could not understand that argument. As touching the danger of, trenching upon new ground in our Courts of Justice it must be remembered that the Judge of the Divorce Court had already to try two questions that of adultery and that of cruelty. The object of this bill was to relieve him of the latter; which was that most frequently adduced. In regard to the argument that the law at present did n food relief, it would be well to consider what that relief was. It was simply a judicial separation, without affording (ho sufferer any prospect of a new home; leaving her to live pointed at with the finger of scorn at a wife living apart from her husband. It was a mockery to say that a a woman was accorded a full measure of relief by deeming her to this life of isolation. Why were we to impose this vicarious system of punishment upon a woman's He was in favour, upon public principles, of allowing the man to marry again ; believing that it was safer to the State to allow him to do so, and trusting that the by-gone divorce would operate as a warning to him. The advocates of this bill did not seek further to assail the inadvisability of marriage, but to remove that disgraceful bar depriving the woman of the relief accorded to the man. He urged upon the House that, as they had already sanctioned one marriage law, they ought now to remove that blot upon it. (Hear, hear.) The House divided upon the second reading, as follows: Ayes, J. Mr. Harley Mr A. Campbell 1 ?-.",,_. Holt B. HubsoU I TCUDn Gordon North, 8. Sir. Docker Mr. Weekes Mr. Innes > T.,,".. Chisholm Lord Moore ( tenor"' C. Campbell J. Campbell The bill was therefore rejected. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL. The Friendly Societies Bill was read a third time, upon the motion of Mr. INNES, passed, and returned to the Legislative Assembly. The House at twenty-five minutes to 7 o'clock adjourned until Wednesday next. 