Mn. DhtsaLrn.--Mr. Dieraeli has earned a place in history, and will be remembered when many wiser and greater men are forgotten. To meet him in the long roll of English Prime Ministers is a perpetual surprise \--aomething like that of encountering Saul among the rophetes. Not that to be ranked in the list of Eng losh Prime Ministers is a sure title to fame. The Addingtons, the Jenhinsons, and thie RIobinsons are nearly as much political accidents, mediocrities whos?e high position illustrates their personal insignificance, as if they were English Lord Mayors or American Presidents. Mr. Disraceli's Premiership is of a differ ent order. It will be one of the standing jokes of hIistory, as amusing to future students of the Victorian era as to us who hare had the happiness to enjoy itat first hand. It supplies the vein of comedy which runs through a momentous epoch, as the frolies of Falstaff and Prince Henry lighten the intrigues and wars of Shakspeare's chronicle plays. It is not likely to be forgotten, since what is great often attracts attention less than what iscurious. A paradox, however trivial, an unsettled point, however trumpery-the eex of the Cheralier d'Eon, or the authorship of the Letters of Junius--engage men more than an important but un perplexing truth. Mr. Disraeli is a curious puzzle. Nobody ever mentions his name without a smile; no body hears it without a corresponding emile. It awakens that sense of incongruity in the perception of which we are told thlat humour consists. Among the staid respectabilities of English politics, Mr. Disraeli is as Fiino a t Court or turned duenna. In one sense this is to Mr. Disraeli's credit. It shows that he has had the courage to be himself, and has not shaped his nature upon any conventional model. Me has spoken and acted according to his disposition, and brought forth works and deeds after his kind. IHe has not suppressed or pared away his individuality into com monplace. When he has tried to do so, expelled nature has returned with a bound.-Daily NRews. In a recent address to the farmers of New Jersey, U.S., the Hon. Mr. Wall (himself a farmner) bears the following testimony to the excellence of agriculture in the British eIslands, and thus summarisen the ground work of success:-" In the first place, it is to be found in their systematic attention to all the requirements of good farming, in the skill and exactness with which all the operations of ploughidg and harrowing, clod crushing, burning, and scarifying are performed; in tIlhe perfect condition of ' tilth' to which they bring thle land preparatory to the reception of seed; in their careful selection of the best varieties of seed wheat; in thelo extensive and prudent use of their barn-yard manuroe; in the perfection of all their instruments of tilluge; in the strength and discipline of their draught animals; in thebo assiduity with which they extirpate every weed, and remove every rock that can interfere with the cultivation of thle land. Noth ing is left to casualty or chance. No expectations are indulged that tle bounty of Providence in an un. usually favourable season will atone for shortcomings or neglect. Everything which human foresight, scientific skill, intelligence, well-directed labour, and melhanieal aid can accomplish is done to ensure the highest yield from thLe land. It is next to be seen in the extraordinary liberality with which they restore to the earthl by means of purchased manures all those elements of fertility which are elhuested in the powers of cultivation. And lastly," said Mr. Wall, "I believe that nothing more perfect in rural economy can be conceived than the English system of drainage, or their rotation of root crops. The root cultivation has been the salvation of England. With as much truth as force has it been said that thle power of the British Empire rests upon her coal, her iron, and her turnips and mangold wurtlels." A GHnoST IN THE STaTroIO-m- o SE.--Few positions in life can be imagined more disagreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police station. The .N'ee Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost- infested cell in the Fourth Precinct police station in that city. It appears that several years ago "a little old woman" named Ann Murphy con mitted suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fewer than thirteen persons shut up in the cell have attempted to destroy themselves in a similar manner, four of those attempts being at tended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering consciousness declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old while woman, dressed in a faded calico dress " with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and down-trodden slippers, with a faded Ihandkerchlief tied round hbeh lead. Her faded dress as bound with a sort ofreddibsh-brown tepe, andherhandwnFi long,faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth fingerofberlefthand wosa plain thin gold ring. "This little woman," said the girl, "beckonedme togetup,and impelled mebyesomo myster oune power to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip round my nce, and tie thie othler to tile bars. I lifted my feet from the floor, and fell. I thought I was choking; a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found myself in the room with thie doctors and police bending over me. It was not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time, over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murlphy, lwhose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with tlIle description given by the gilrl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts of tile coase, placed a nighlt lodger who Ihad butjusot arrived in thie city in this chleerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep im mediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. A curious question has arisen in tile law courts at Washington as to liability of a gentleman married when in a state of intoxiscation, and who baving, as be alleges, conveyed his property to his wife under simi lar circumstances, now seeks to recover it. When the ease came on in the Equily Court it was referred to a jury to determine the facts--first, what was tlhecon detion of thie plaintiffat the time of executing the in strument ? and second, was undue incluence used to proeacre tile execution of said instrument? Thejury found for thle plaintitlin bothl these particulars, where upon tlce District Supreme Court has set aside the deed. An appeal to thle United States Supreme Court hIas been taken, so that the question is still pending, and it is to be lhoped that the trouble hIe has incurred will be a lesson to this gentleman in future either to abstain from the excessive use of stimulants or to be more careful in lhis cups, for although marriage is by some csteemed as an excuse for drunkenness, drunken anes can hardly be considered anexcuse for mar inge,or any other good deed. Some few years ago a gentleman who hlad been dining " not wisely but too well," in tile course of the erening drew a cheque for a large amount, and having signed it, poked it, by means oea stick, into a box placed at the gates of a charitable institution to receive the donations of passers by. When he regained his sobriety thebo next morning, he remembered with horror his liberality of the previous night, and addressed a moving appeal to thei managers of the institution in question to restore to him the amount of his cheque, which Ie found had been cashed before he had time to dress hlims?Jf and drink one bottle of sodawater. As it was found that the unfor tunate man had absolutely left himself penniless, the managers, it is believed, kindly ullowed him a smell sum to carry him on until the next quarter, but the shock was too much for him, and after a few days of intense mental agony, he fell into a state of total abstinence, from which he never rallied. AExaRIca 1 MuSIrca CagoICIs .-Some "choice specimens" of musical criticism have lately appeared in the American papers. Here are a few. Speaking of Signor Mfario's recent appearance in opera in the United States, one New York critic writes:-"The perfection of his method remains: but his voice, like the memory of a buried joy, may be imagined, but hardly admits of description;" another, however, wishing to be more concise, simply compares the artist to "an aged nightingale with a cold." Of the style "highfalutin" the critique on Madamo Ruderadorff affords a rich example-this also is from a New York paper:-" To tell you how she sang would be impos sible; but if one may compare an object of sight to one of sound, we would say that her voice is like a rocket, which from the firest bursts upon the sight with a magnificence that claims undivided attention, and in an instant carries your attention from earth to heaven, when it bursts into ten thousand-orbs of glory that scintillate, each a separate gem upon the blue em pyreen, and burn, each with a varied hue of beauty thaint at once distracts and commands attention, until they burst into a fleecy trail of stars that floats down thie vaulted sky softly and slowly, until the earth seems over-arched by a lacework of fire, that drops earthward as it falls, growing thinner, finer, until, like the last expiring breath of a eigh, it is lost in the evening sir." "Cavw M, Cow TEBE."-Like the two professors of music in Mr. Thaekeray's story of "The Ravene wing," who used to meet with such delightful cordi ality on both sides: "Heim lieber Herr," Thrum Thrum would say, "your sonatain X flatis sublime." "Chevalier," would Baroski reply, "dat andante movement of yours in W is worthy of Beethoven. I gifyou my sacred honour," and so forth . osewell tells, with a spice of gleeful malice, how a foreign Minister of no very high talents, who had been in Jolnson's company for a considerable time, quite overlooked, happened luckily to mention that he had read some of the "Rambler" in Italian, and admired it much. This pleased the Doctor so greatly that henceforth he was all attention to the Minister, and on the first remark which he made, however simple, exclaimed, "The Ambanssdor says well-his Excel lency observes- and then he expanded and enriohed the little that had been said into something of appa rentconsequence; insomuch that for after years "The Ambassador says well" becanme to those who were pre sent a laughable term of applause when no mighty matter had been expressed.-"A?jects ofuthlorhip,"' by F. Jacox. How Booscoe COnusuED HIS OVBTarES.-M. de Mirandel bus just published an exceedingly curious letter, written by Rossini, in which he says:-" I composed the overture to Othello in a small room in the Barbeja Palace, where the manager had shut me up by force, with nothing but a dish of macearoni, and the threat that I should not leave the place alive till I had written the last note. I wrote the overture to Gazza Ladra on the day of the first performance in the upper loft of La Scala, where I had been con ined by the manager under the guard of four scenes ehifters, who had orders to throw my text out of the wiudow bit by bit to copyists, who were waiting below to transcribe it. In default of music I was to be thrown out myself. For B?rbiere I did better. I composed no overtaro, but tocked on one intended for a very serious work called Elisabelta. The public were delighted. I composed the overture to Count Ory when angling, with my feet in the water, and when in the company of 1. Arguado, who was talking Spanish finance at the time. That of tGuilaume Tell wase written under somewhat similar conditions. I did not compose any overture for Mouse. "FATHES's So."--"Of Captain Marryat's eldest son Frederick, mentioned in his letter (a fine, wild, generous fellow, who perished in his prime by the wreck of the Avenger), many stories might be told quite as amusing us those which signalised the early life of his father. He was a universal favourite, habut the pranks he sometimes played in his profession alarmed even the least sober among his companions. Amongst his boyish escapades it is related how, when his ship once lay off Gib, hlie hsed to be selected to command the boat which took a certain blind admiral to and from the shore, and part of his duty consisted in telling the old gentleman whenever an officer sa luted him in passing. The temptation to mischief was too strong for poor Fred; the warning, ' Olicer salut ing you, sir,' was given upon all occasions, necessary or otherwise, and theold admiral was neverallowed to rest quiet two minutes without raising his hand to his hat. The trick played upon so important a personage having been discovered, Mr. Midsbipman Marryat was transferred to sanother ship in disgrace; when he piled all his baggage in a boat so as to resemble a coffin, covered it with the Union Jack for a pall, and played the 'Dead March in Saul' on a cornopean as he was conveyed to his new destination. On another occa sion he was serving in a ship off Singapore, and not on the best terms with his captain, who, on giving a ball on board, omitted Mr. Marryat'e name from the list of invitations. On the following day, however, when all the glass and crockery which had been hired for the guests were ready packed to go back on shore, he was the one told off, with malice prepense, to com mend thesboat. On receiving the order, Midshipman Fred appeared on deck, slowly and indolently. ' Make haste, sir !' cried the indignant captain; 'run, sir jump!' 'Ay, ay, sir,' was the ready response; end jump he did, right orer the ship's side, and dashed into the midst of the hired crockery, the destruction amongst which may be better imagined than de scribed. The younger boy, Frank, was entered on the roll of the navy at the tender age of three years, and his father used to say that when he took him op for that purpose to the port admiralat Plymouth, and the ollecer, wishing to be gracious, patted the little one (who was attired in the costume of a seaman) on the head, with the observation, ' Well, you're a Soe little fellow,' the youngster set all the bystanders in a roar by the cool reply, 'And you're a fine old cock, too!' " -Le and Letters of Caotain Marryal. 