DISOBEDIENCE. rise author of " Lady Hutton's Ward,' 45. CHAPTER XIII. ins were passionate words" spoken by Ro" j Almost the first he had ever uttered, soon ed from his' mind' but they rankled like poisoned arrows in Dora's heart. She believed in, Before evening her husband repented [his anger, and called himself a coward for Twig scolded Dora. He went up to her, and Mei her face to his. little wife," he said "we nave both been I am very sorry ; let us make friends." There was just a spice of sullenness in Dora's (ture, and it came into full play now. 6 it is no matter," she replied, coolly I "I new long ago that you were tired of me." Ronald would not answer lest they should barrel again, but he thought to himself that perhaps she was not far wrong. From that day the distance between them offered. In after years Dora saw how much was to blame. She understood how this useful her quiet, sullen reserve must have been a high-bred, fastidious man like Ronald. [6 did not see it then, but nursed in her heart senary wrongs and injuries and above all, e yielded to a wild, fierce jealously of Valentine arteria. For some weeks Miss Charteris saw the cloud passing on Ronald's face. He grew silent, . lost the flow of spirits that had once seemed re- to fail ¡ and. during these few weeks a on resolution grew in her mind. She was true friend, and she would try to restore tone and harmony between him and his wife. c waited for some days, but at her mother's at it was impossible to see him alone. Yet honestly believed that if she could talk to I, remind him of his first love for Dora, of simplicity and many virtues, that she might tore peace and harmony to her old friend's me. She thought Ronald to blame. He 1 voluntarily taken active duties upon himself, i to her right judging, clear mind there was earthly reason why he should not fulfil them. would not feel hurt at her speaking, she felt e, for he had voluntarily Bought her aid is ago. So Valentine waited day after day, to find a chance for those few words she : would do so much good ; but as the ortunity did not come, she resolved to make Taking her little jewelled pencil, Bho wrote following lines, that were in after time a rib warrant : Dear Mr. Earle,-I wish to speak to you ticularly and privately. I shall be in our hands to-morrow morning. about TO let me you there before you enter the house. Your here friend, " VALENTINE CHARTERIS." 11 the world might have read the note, there nothing in it, good intentions and a kindly sort dictated it, but it worked fatal mischief. son Ronald was leaving her mother's house, s Charteris openly placed the letter in his That is the first note I have ever written to ," she said, with a smile. " You must not see the request it contains. will send him home happy to-morrow, thoughtless is easily influenced for good. must make friends with his pretty little wife, either of them looks happy. ousld did not open the letter until he ¡ bed home, then he read it with a half- a iousness of what Valentine wanted him for. She is a noble woman," he said. " Her da have made me brave before, they will do he left the folded paper upon the table in studio; and jealous little Dora, going in cb. of some work she had left, found it there. read it word for word, the color dying y out of her face as she did so, and a bitter, sky jealousy piercing her heart like a two ed Bviord. It confirmed her worst fears, her 'best doubts. How dare this brilliant, utiful woman, lure Ronald from her?- how o she rob her of his love ? Ronald looked aghast at his wife's face when re-entered the sitting-room. He had been lying with the children, and had forgotten for time both Valentine and her note. He cried in alarm as she turned her white, wild face um in dumb, silent despair. What's the matter, Dora ?" he cried. Are ill, or frightened P You look like a ghost" be made no reply, and, thinking she had Ped into one of her little fits of temper, husband sighed heavily, and bade her good it. our foolish jealous heart, she never lay down rest. She had quite resolved she would to the grounds and meet them there, husband who was tired of her, and woman who had lured him there. She W listen to all they had to say, and then front them. No thought of the dishonor of his proceeding struck her. Poor Dora was gifted with great refinement of feeling, "'ed upon it rather as a triumph over an JJ tiiTTa a degradation to herself. She knew place in the grounds where they would be of to meet. MÍRS Charteris called it her bower ; says thick cluster of trees, under the shade "Web. stood a pretty rustic seat, and Dora "gut if she placed herself behind the trees could see- unseen. Wore Ronald took his breakfast, Dora bad 'and the house on her foolish errand. She [is the way to the house and the entrance he garden. She had no fear ; even were "covered there, no one could Burmise more 0 that she was resting on her way to the age- She crouched behind the trees and I'fd for them. It was wrong, weak, and 'sed ¡ but there was something so pitiful in "his face full of anguish that one would only know whether to pity or blame her. The sunshine reached her, the birds were 3128 in the trees, the flowers were all bloom smashes, in her sorrow and desolation, heeded sings At leDBtu ella 8ttW them Valentine her white morning dress, her beautiful face of earnest emotion, and Ronald by her side. She surmised, they walked straight to the and Valentine signed to Ronald to take a ' by her side. Sweetly and clearly every a who uttered sounded to Ronald, but they are drops of molten lead on the jealous self Ronald's wife. you must try," Valentine was saying S I T to think you would be a hero. You are ?»?"'S yourself a very weak and erring man." -Jas could not distinguish Ronald's words so alibi he said something of life and its 'stakes." told you once," said Valentine, that the man who could endure so bravely the con« fences of his own actions was a true hero. 'r.;v*'orflt-that you have made a miss <. You must make the best you can of it, you are not doing that now." " No," he said, gaily. I am very unhappy ; more so than you can imagine, Valentine. Life seems to have lost all its charms for me. I had such great hopes once, but they are all dead now." " You are too young to say that," she replied ; " a little courage, a little patience, and all will be well. if it comforts you to know that my warmest, deepest sympathy is with your" Valentine Charteris never finished her sentence ; a pale, angry face and dark, gleaming eyes full of passion suddenly flashed before her, " You may spare your pity, Miss Charteris," cried a hoarse voice. " Why have you made my husband dissatisfied with me? Why have you taken his love from me? Why do you write notes asking him to meet you, that you may both speak evil and wrong of his low-born wife ?" Hush said Ronald, sternly, grasping her arm ; " stop these wild words Dora ; are you mad?" | " No, not yet," she cried j " but this false woman will drive me mad'" Then Miss Charteris rose ; her calm, grand face unruffled ; not a quiver on her proud lips. " Stay, Miss Charteris, one moment, I pray you," said Ronald, " while my wife apologises for her folly." " It is all true," cried Dora. " She wrote and asked you to meet her here." " Dora," asked her husband, gravely, " did you read the letter Miss Charteris wrote to me?" "I did," she replied. " And you deliberately came here to listen to what she had to say to me ?" he continued, " you deliberately listened to what you were never intended to hear ?" " His grave, stern dignity calmed her angry passions, and she looked half frightened into his quiet white face. i " Answer me," he said " have you crouched behind those trees deliberately and purposely to listen ?" " Yes," she said " and I would do it again if any one tried to take my husband from me." " Then may heaven forgive me for the dis- honor I have brought to my name and race '" said Ronald ¡ " may heaven forgive me for thinking such a woman fit to be my wife Hear me," he continued, and the passion in his voice changed to contempt. " Miss Charteris is your friend ; she asked me to meet her here that she might plead your cause, Dora-that she might advise me to remain more at home with you, to go less into society, to look more at the bright side of our married life, and to be a better husband than I have been lately ; it was for that she summoned me here." " I do not believe it," sobbed his wife. "That is at your option," he replied, coolly. Miss Charteris, I would kneel to ask your pardon for the insults you have received. If a man had uttered them I would avenge them. The woman who spoke them boars my name. I entreat your pardon." "It is granted, she replied, your wife must have been mad, or she would have known I was her friend. I deeply regret that my good intentions have resulted so unhappily. Forgot my annoyance, Mr. Earle, and forgive Dora, she could not have known what she was saying " " I forgive her," said Ronald ; "but I never wish to look on her face again I see nothing but dishonor there. My love died a violent death ten minutes since. The woman SO dead to all delicacy-all honor, as to listen and sue poor, will never more be wife of mine." " Be pitiful," said Valentine, for Dora was weeping bitterly Bowrall her fire and passion, all her angry jealousy, had faded before his just wrath. " I am pitiful," he replied. " Heaven knows I pity her. I pity myself We Earles love honorable women when we love at all I will escort you to your house, Miss Charteris, and then Mrs. Earle and myself will make our ar- rangements." In her sweet womanly pity Valentine bent down and kissed the despairing face. " Try to believe that you are wrong and mis- taken Mrs. Earle," she said, gently. I had no thought save to be your friend." They spoke no words as they passed through the pretty grounds. Valentine was full of pity for her companion, and of regret for her own share in that fatal morning's work. When Ronald reached the cluster of trees again Dora was not there. Just at that moment he cared but little where she had gone His vexation and sorrow Seemed almost greater than he could bear. CHAPTER XIV. THE passion and despair of that undisciplined heart was something pitiful to see Reason, sense, and honor, for a time, were all dead. If Dora could have stamped out the calm beauty of Valentine's magnificent face, she would have done so Ronald's anger, his bitter contempt, stung her until her whole heart and soul were in angry revolt, until bitter thoughts raged like a wild tempest within her. She could not see much harm in what she had done ; she did not quite see why reading her own husband's letter, or listening to a private conversation of his, was a breach of honor. She thought but little at that time of what she had done, her heart was full of anger against Ronald and Valentine. She clasped her hands angrily after Miss Charteris had kissed her, crying out that she was false, and had lured Ronald from her. Any one passing her on the high road would have thought her made the white face, the dark gleaming eyes, the rigid lips, only opening for moans and ones that marred the sweet summer silence. He should keep his word I never come what might never should he look upon her face again-the face he had caressed so often and thought so fair. She would go away -he was quite tired of her, and of her children too They would tease him and intrude upon him no more Let him go to the fair, false woman who had pretended to pity her The little nursemaid, a simple peasant girl, looked on in mute amaze when her mistress entered the room where the babies were " Maria," she said, "I am going home, over the seas to England. Will you go with me ?" The only thing poor Dora had learned during those quiet years was a moderate share of Italian. The young nurse looked up in wonder at the hard, ringing voice, usually soft as the cooing of a ringdove. " I will go," she replied, " if madame will take me. I leave none behind me that I love." With trembling, passionate hands, and white, stern face, Dora packed her trunk and boxes -the children's little wardrobe and her own, throwing far from her every present either of dress or toys that Valentine had brought. She never delayed to look round, and think of the happy hours spent in those pretty rooms. She never thought of the young lover who had given up all the world for her. All she remembered was the wrathful husband, who wished never to see her more-who, in presence of another, prayed heaven's pardon for making her his wife. She could not weep-the burning brain and jealous, angry heart would have been better for that, but the dark eyes were bright and full of strange, angry light. The little ones looking upon her, wept for fear. With eager, passionate love, she caught them in her arms, crying the while that they should never remain to be despised as she was. In the white faced, angry woman, forced to the highest pitch of passion, there was no trace of pretty, blushing Dora. Rapidly OF brain could devise and hands plan, the boxes were packed, corded, and addressed. Once during the brief time Maria asked, " Where are you going, madam?" And the same clear, ringing voice answered, " To my father's house my own home in England." When everything was ready, the wondering children dressed, and the little maid waiting, Dora sat down at her husband's desk and wrote these lines, no tears fell upon them ¡ her hand did not tremble ; the words were clear and firmly written - "I have not waited for you to send me away Your eyes shall not be pained again by resting on the face where you read dishonor ' I saw months ago that you were tired of me I going to my father's house, and my children I shall take with me you care no more for them than for me. They are mine not yours. I leave you with all you love in the world. I take all I love with me. If you prayed for long years, I would never return to you, or speak to you again." She folded the note, at d addressed it to her husband. She left no kiss warm from her lips upon it. As she passed for over from the little villa, she never turned for one last look at the vine clad walls. The gaunt silent Italian servant, who had lived with Dora since the first day she reached Florence, come to her in wonder and alarm, barely recognising her pretty gentle mistress in the pale, determined woman who looked like one brought to bay. To her Dora spoke of the letter; it was to be given to her husband as soon as he roUnd. Not one word did she utter in reply to the woman's questions. She hurried with the keen despera- tion of despair, lost Ronald should return and find her still there Soon after noon, and while Ronald lingered with some friends upon the steps of the Hotel D'Oro, his wife reached the busy railway station at Florence. She had money enough to take her home, but none to spare. She knew no rest ; every moment seemed like an age to her, until the train was in motion, and fair, Bunny Florence left far behind Without the stimulus of anger Dora would have shrunk in terror from the thought of a long journey alone she who had never been without the escort of a kind and attentive husband. But no prospect daunted her now the wide Boas, the danger of rail and road had no terrors for her. She would fly in hot haste and anger from one who said before her rival that he never wished to see her face again. * * * * s at The same sun that shone so brightly on the blue waves of the Arno lingered almost lovingly on a fair, quiet English landscape Far down in the fertile and beautiful county of Kent, where the broad Channel washes the shore, stands the pretty, almost unknown village of Knutsford. The world is full of beauty, every country has its share Switzerland its snow- clad mountains, Germany its dark woods and broad streams, Franco its sunny plains, Italy its " thousand charms of Nature and Art," but for quiet tranquil loveliness, for calm fair beauty, looking always fresh from the Mighty Hand that created it, there is nothing like English scenery. The white cliffs of Knutsford, like "grand giants," ran along the shore , there was a broad stretch of yellow sand, bidder when the tide was in shining and firm when it ebbed The top of the cliff was like a carpet of thick green grass and springing heather. Far away, in the blue distance, one could see, on a bright sunny day, the outline of the French coast The waves rolled in, and broke upon the yellow sands , the sea birds flew with busy wing, white sails gleamed in the sunshine Occasionally a large steamer passed, but from the hills of Knutsford the world looked like a beautiful, solitary desert There was no sound save the rich, ever changing music of nature, the rush of wind and waves, the grand, solemn anthem that the sea never tires of singing Far down the cliff ran the zig-zag path that led to the village; there was no sign of the sea on the other side of the white rocks. There the green fields and pretty hop-gardens stretched out far and wide, and the Farthinglow woods formed a belt around them. There, in the midst of a green, fertile valley, stood the village of Knutsford. It had no regular Street, a pretty church, clad with gray lady, stood on a small hill ; there were a few cottages, a few farm houses, a few little villas, one grand mansion, three or four shops, and quiet homesteads with thatched roofs and caves of straw. One wondered how the little village came there, there was no town within twenty miles of it. It seemed to have been dropped accidentally ¡ one could see no reason for its being there The prettiest and most complete little farm in the village was the one where Stephen Thorne and his wife dwelt. It was called " The Elms,' a long avenue of elms led to the little house and skirted the broad green meadows. It was a short distance from the village, so quiet, so tranquil, that, living there, one seemed out of the world. Stephen Thorne and his wife were not rich. In spite of Lady Earle's bounty, it was hard for them at times to make both ends meet. Crops, even in that fair and fertile country, would fail, cattle would die, ram would fall when it should not, and the sun refuse to shine But this year everything had gone on well, The hay stood in great ricks in the farmyard, the golden corn waved in the fields ripe and ready for the sickle, the cows and sheep fed tranquilly in the meadows, and all things had prospered with Stephen Thorne. One thing only weighed upon his heart, and that was, his wife would have it that Dora's letters grew more and more sad , She declared her child was unhappy, and he could not persuade her to the contrary. It was a beautiful August evening. Ah, bow weak and feeble are words ' Who could paint the golden flush of summer beauty that lay over the meadows and cornfields the hedgerows filled with wild flowers, the long thick grass studded with gay blossoms, the calm, solemn silence only broken by the singing of the birds, the lowing of cattle, the rustling of great branches in the sweet soft air. Stephen Thorne had gone with his guest and visitor, Ralph Holt, to fetch the cattle home. In Ralph's honor, good, motherly Mrs. Thorne had laid out a beautiful tea ; golden honey that seemed just gathered from the flowers, ripe fruits, thick white cream-all nature's luxuries everything was ready ¡ yet the farmer and his guest seemed long in coming. She went to the door, and looked across the meadows. The quiet summer beauty stole like a spell upon her. She was neither clever nor eloquent ; she had hardly been taught even to road ; but she understood something of the grand poem unrolled before her. Suddenly down in the meadows Mrs. Thorne caught sight of a lady, loading a little child by the hand. She was followed by a young maid carrying another. As the lady drew nearer, Mrs. Thorne stood transfixed and bewildered. Could the summer sun or the flickering shade be mocking her ? Was she dreaming, or awake ? Far off still through the summer haze, she saw a white, wan face ; dark eyes, shadowed and veiled, SB though by long weeping , lips, once rosy and smiling, rigid and firm. She saw what seemed to her the sorrowful ghost of the pretty, blooming child who left her long ago. She tried to call out, but her voice died away in short, hoarse cries She tried to run forward and meet the lady who came so slowly through the meadows, but she was powerless to move. She never heard the footsteps of her husband and his guest. She only stirred when Stephen Thorne placed his hand upon her shoulder, and in a loud, cheery voice, asked what ailed her. " Look," she said, hoarsely, " look down in the meadow there, and tell me if that IS Dora, or Dora's ghost '" She drew near more swiftly now, for she had seen the three figures at the door. The white face and wild eyes seemed aflame with anxiety. " Dora, Dora," cried Mrs. Thorne, " Is it really you ?" " It is," said a faint bitter voice. " I am come home, mother. My heart is broken, and I long to die " They crowded round her, and Ralph Holt, with his strong arms, carried the fragile droop- ing figure into the house. They laid her upon the little couch, and drew the curling rings of dark hair back from her white face. Mrs. Thorne wept aloud, crying out for her pretty Dora, for poor, unhappy child. The two men stood watching her with grave, sad eyes. Ralph clenched his hand as he gazed upon her, the wreck of the simple, gentle girl he had loved so dearly. " If he has wronged her," he said to Stephen Thorne, " if he has broken her heart, and sent her home to die, let him beware." "I know it would never prosper," groaned her father,-" such marriages never do." When Dora opened her eyes, and saw the three anxious faces around her, for a moment she was bewildered. They know when the torture of memory returned to her, for she clasped her hands with a low moan. " Dora," said her mother, "what has hap period? Trust UB, dear children are your best friends. Where is your husband? and why have you left him f" "Because he has grown tired of me," she cried, with passion and anger flaming again in her white, worn face. " I did something he thought wrong, and he prayed heaven to pardon him for making me his wife." "What did you do?" asked her father, anxiously. "Nothing that I thought wrong," she replied, " ask me no questions, father. I would rather die any death than return to him or see him again. Yet do not think evil of him. It was all a mistake. I could not think his thoughts, or live his life we were quite different, and very unhappy. He never wishes to see me again, and I will suffer anything rather than see him " The farmer and his wife looked at each other in silent dismay. This proud, angry woman, with her passionate words, frightened them. Could it be their Dora, who had ever been sunshine and music to them ? "If you do not like to take me home, father," she said, in a hard voice, I can go elsewhere , nothing can surprise or grieve me now." But kindly Mrs. Thorne had drawn the tired head to her. " Do you not know, child," she said, gently, " that a mother's love never fails ?" Ralph had raised the little ones in his arms, and was looking with wondering admiration at the proud, beautiful face of little Beatrice, and the fair loveliness of Lillian. The children looked with frank, fearless eyes into his plain honest face. " This one with dark hair has the real Earle Page," said Stephen Thorne, proudly 5 " that is just my lord's look, proud and quiet; and little Lillian IS something like Dora when she was quite a child." " Never say that," cried the young mother. " Let them grow like any one else, but never like me." They soothed her with gentle, loving words. Her father said she should share his home with her children, and he would never give her up again. They bade her watch the little ones, who had forgotten their fears, and laughed over the ripe fruit and golden honey. They also drew aside the white costume, and let her tired eyes fall! upon the sweet summer beauty of earth and sky. Was not everything full of peace The sun sinking in the West, the birds singing their evening song, the flowers closing their bright eyes, the wind whispering its " good night to the shimmering, graceful elms it was all peace, and the hot, angry heart grew calm and still. Bitter tears rose to the burning eyes tears that fell like rain, and seemed to take away the sharpest sting of her pain. With wife and tender thought they let Dora weep undisturbed. The bitter sobbing ceased at last. Dora had said farewell to her love She lay white and exhausted, but the anger and passion had died away. " Let me live with you, father," she said, humbly. I will serve you, and obey you. I am content, more than content with my home But for my little children, let all be as it was years ago." When the little ones, like the flowers, had gone to sleep, and Dora had gone into the pretty white room prepared for her, Ralph rOBO to take his leave "Surely," said Stephen Thorne, "you are not leaving us. You promised to stay a whole week. "I know," replied the young farmer ; " but you have many to think for now, Mr. Thorne. The time will come when the poor, wearied girl sleeping above us will be Lady Earle. Her husband knew I loved her. No shadow even of suspicion must rest upon her. While your daughter remains under your roof I shall not visit you again." Dora's father knew the young man was right. "Let me see the little ones sometimes," continued Ralph ; " and if large parcels of books find their way to The Elms,' you will know who sent them ; but I must not come in Dora's way, she is no longer Dora Thorne " As Stephen watched the young man walking quickly through the long gray fields, he wished that Dora had never seen Ronald Earle. Poor Dora's troubles were not yet ended. When the warm August sun peeped into her room on the following morning, she did not see it Shine ; when the children crept to her side, and called for mamma, she was deaf to their little voices The tired head tossed wearily to and fro , the burning eyes would not close A raging fever had her in its force clutches When Mrs. Thorne, alarmed by the children's cries, came in, Dora did not know her but cried out loudly that she was a false woman who had lured her husband from her. They Bent in all haste for aid , but the battle was long and fierce During those hours of delirium Mrs Thorne gleaned sorrowfully some portion of her daughter's story She cried out mcoBsantly against a fair woman some Valen- tine whom Ronald loved , cried in doors and in anger. Frequently she was in a garden behind some trees, then confronting some one with flaming eyes, sobbing that she did not be here it, then hiding her face, and crying out, "He has ceased to love re-let me die." But the time came when the fierce fever burned itself out, and Dora lay, weak and help loss, as a little child She recovered slowly, but she was never the Bunio again. Her youth, hope, love, and happiness, were all dead No smile or simple, no pretty blush came to the changed face the old cosy beauty was all gone. Calm and quiet, with deep earnest eyes, And lips that seldom smiled, Dora seemed to have found another solf Even with her children the sad restraint never worn off, or grow loss If they wanted to play, they sought the farmer in the fields, the good-natured nurse, or the indulgent grandmamma, never the sad, pale mother. If they were in trouble, then they sought her. Dora asked for work. She would have been dairymaid, housemaid., or anything else, but her father said no. A pretty little room was given to her, with woodbine and roses peeping in at the window. Here for long hours every day, while the children played in the meadows, who eat and sowed. There, too, Dora, for the first time, learned what Ronald, far away in sunny Italy, had failed to teach her how to think and read. Big boxes of books came from the town of Shoroboach. Stephen Thorne spared no trouble or expense in pleasing his daughter Dora wondered she had never cared for books, now that deeper and more solemn thoughts came to her. The pale face took a new beauty ; no one could have believed that the thoughtful woman with the sweet voice and refined accent was the daughter of the blunt farmer Thorne and his kindly wife A few weeks passed, and but for the little ones Dora would have believed the whole to have been but a long dark dream She would not think of Ronald , she would not remember his love, his sacrifices for her, she thought only of her wrongs and his cruel words The children grew and thrived Dora had no care at present over their education From her they learned good English, and between herself and the faithful young nurse they could learn, she thought, tolerable Italian. She would not think of a future that might take those beloved children from her. She ignored Ronald's claim to them they were hers He had tired of them when he tired of her. She never felt the days monotonous in that quiet farm-house, as others might have done. A dead calm seemed to surround her, but it was destined soon to be broken. OlIArTBB XV. RoNAM) did not return that evening to the pretty villa where he had once been so happy. In the warmth of his anger, he felt that he never could look again upon his wife. To his sensitive, refined nature there was something more repulsive in the dishonorable act she had committed than there would have been in a crime of deeper dye. He was shocked and startled, more so than if he had awoke home fair summer morning to find Dora dead by his side. She was, indeed, dead to him in one sense. The ideal girl, all purity, gentleness, and truth, whom he had loved and married, had, it appeared, never really existed after all. He shrank from the idea of the angry, vehement woman, who had assailed him with vehement words and foul calumnies. He shrank from the woman who forgot every rule of good breeding every trace of good manners, in angry, fierce passion. How was he ever to face Miss Charteris again? She would never mention one word of what had happened, but he could ill brook the shame Dora had brought upon him He remembered the summer morning in the woods, when he had told Valentine the story of his love, and had pictured his pretty, artless Dora to her. Could the angry woman who had dared to insult him, and to calumniate the fairest and truest lady in all England, possibly be the same of Ronald had never before been brought into close contact with dishonor. He had some faint recollection at college of having seen and known a young man, the son of a wealthy nobleman, scorned and despised, blackballed from all society, and he was told that it was because he had been detected in the act of listen- ing at the head master's door. He remembered how old and young had shunned this young man as though he were plague stricken and now his own wife, Dora, had done the very same thing under circumstances that rendered the dishonor greater He said to himself, with a cynical smile, what could he expect of He had married for love of a pretty child like face, never giving any thought to principle, mind, or intellect The only wonder was that so wretched and unequal a match had not turned out ten times worse His father's warning rang in his ears. How blind, how foolish, he had been Every hope of his own life wrecked, every hope and plan of his father's disappointed and dead There seemed to him nothing left to care for. His wife-oh, he would not think of her '-the name vexed him. He could not stand in Valentine's presence again, and for the first time he realised what she had been to him Home and consequently England, was closed to him the grand mission he had once believed his had faded from his mind. Thinking of all these things, Ronald's love for his young wife seemed to change to dislike Three days passed before he returned home, then he was somewhat startled to find her really gone. He had anticipated sullen temper, re- j newed quarrels, and then perhaps a separation, | but he was startled to find her actually gone. The servant gave him the cold farewell letter, written without tears without sorrow. He tore it into shreds and flung it from him. "The last act in the farce," he said, bitterly. " If I had not been mad I should have foreseen this " The silent, dcBorted rooms did not remind him lovingly of the young wife, parted from him for over. He was too angry, too annoyed, for any gentle thoughts to influence him. She had left him-No much the better, there could never again be peace between them. He thought with regret of the little ones, they were too young for him to undertake so that they were host left with their mother for a time. He said to himself that he must make the best use he could of his life ; every thing in it seemed ended. He felt very lonely and unhappy as he sat in his solitary home, and the more sorrow pressed upon him, the most bitter his thoughts grow, the deeper became his dislike to his unhappy young wife Ronald wrote to his mother, but he said no word to her of the cause of their quarrel. " Dora and I," he said, "will never live together again perhaps never more She has gone home to her father ; I am going to wander over the wide earth Will you induce my i father to receive my children at Earlescourt? and will you see Mr. Burt, and arrange that half my small income is settled upon Dora ?" But to all his wife's entreaties Lord Earle turned a deaf ear. He declared that never, during his life-time, should the children of Dora Thorne actor Earlescourt His resolution was fixed and unalterable. How he asked, was he to trust the man who had once deceived him? For aught he know, the separation between Ronald and his wife might be a deep laid scheme, and that, the children once with him, there would be a grand reconciliation between the parents. " I am not surprised, he said, " that the unhappy boy is weary of his pretty toy. It could not be otherwise, he must take the consequences of his own folly He had time for thought, he made his own choice, now let him abide by it You have disregarded my wish, Lady Helena, in every Burning the matter to me. Let all mention of it cease. I have no son. One thing, remembered am not hard upon you, you can go where you like, son whom you like, and spend what money you will, and how you will " Lady Earle was not long availing herself of the permission. There was great excitement at " The Elms " one morning, caused by the receipt of a letter from Lady Earle, saying that she should be there on the same day, to visit her son's wife and children. The little one looked up to her with wondering eyes. To them she was like a vision, with her grand- face and shining hair, her rich swooping dress and jewels ; standing in the little kitchen of the farm house, she looked out of place. Stephen Thorne and his wife received the great lady, not without some trepidation, yet they were in no way to blame. The fatal mar- riage had been as great a blow to them as to Lord and Lady Earle. With the quiet dignity and graceful house that never deserted her, Lady Earle soon made them feel at home. Sale Started in utter surprise when a quiet grave woman, on whose face BWOotnoBs and author humor were so strongly mingled, entered the room This could not be pretty, coy, blushing somewhere wore the dimples and smiles? The large dark eyes raised so Badly to her were full of strange, pathetic beauty With sharp pain the thought struck Lady Earle, " What must Dora have suffered, to change her so greatly '" The sod eyes and worn face touched her as no beauty could have done She closed Dora in her arms and kissed her. " You are my daughter now," she said, in that rich, musical voice which Dora remembered so well. " We will not remember the past 5 it is irrevocable If you have sinned against duty and obedience, your face tells me you have suffered. What has come between you and my son I do not seek to know. The shock must have been a great one which parted you, for he gave up all the world for you, Doro, years ago. We will not speak of Ronald Our care must be the children. Of course, you wish them to remain with you ?" " While it is possible," said Dora, wearily. " I shall never leave home again ; but I cannot hope to keep them here always " " I should have liked to adopt them," said Lady Earle, " to take them home and educate them, but-" " Lord Earle will not permit it, interrupted Dora, calmly. " I know do not wonder " You must let me do all I can for them bore," continued Lady Earle, "I have made all plans and arrangements. We will give the children an education befitting their position, without removing them from you. Then shall see what time does. Let me see the little ones. I wish you had called one Helena, after me " Dora remembered why she had not done so, and a flush of shame and anger rose to her face. They were beautiful children, and Dora brought them proudly to the stately lady wore mg for them Lady Earle took Beatrice in her arms. " How beautiful <" she said, admiringly. " Why, Dora, this is the Earle face brought to perfection. This child will grow up into a magnificent woman." ' She has the Earle spirit and pride," said the young mother j " I find it hard to manage her even now " Then Lady Earle looked at the fair spiritual face and golden hair of little Lillian. the baby dove like eyes and sweet lips charmed her 1 There is a great contrast between them," she sold, thoughtfully. " They will require ! careful training, Dora. And now we of all speak of the matter which has brought me here." Dora noticed that long as she remained Lady Earle never let Beatrice leave her arms Occasionally she bent over Lillian and touched the soft golden curls, but the child with the " Earle face " was the one she loved best. Together with Stephen Thorne and his wife Lady Earle went over " The Elms " The situation delighted her, nothing could be better or more healthy for the children, but the interior of the house must be altered Then with delicate grace that could only charm, never wound, Lady Earle unfolded her plans She wished a new suite of rooms to be built for Dora and the children, to be nicely furnished with everything that could be required She would make the expense all her own. Immediately on her return she would send an efficient French maid for the little ones, and in the course of a year or two she would engage the services of an accomplished governess, who would undertake the education of Beatrice and Lillian without removing them from their mother's care. " I shall send a good piano and a harp," and Lady Earle, " it will be my pride and pleasure to select books, music, drawings, and everything else my grandchildren require. I should wish them always to be nicely dressed and carefully trained. To you, Dora, I must leave the highest and beat training of all Teach them to be good, and to do their duty They have learned all when they have learned that " For the first time in her life the thought came home to Dora, how was she to teach what she had never learned and had failed to practice? That night, long after Lady Earle had gone away and the children had fallen asleep. Dora knelt in the moonlight and prayed that she might learn to teach her children to do their duty. AS Lady Earle had wished, so it was done, the old firm house was left intact, and a new group of buildings added to it There was a pretty sitting room for Dora, and a larger one to serve as a study for the children, largo sleep- ing rooms, a bathroom, and all replete with comfort. Two years passed before all was completed, and Lady Earle thought it time to send a governess to " The Elms " * * * During those years little or nothing was heard of Ronald. After reading the cold letter Dora left for him, it seemed as though all love all care, all interest, died out in his heart. He eat for many long hours, thinking of the blighted life " he could not lay down, yet cared little to hold " He was only twenty three the ago at which life open to most men, yet he was worn, tired, wearied of everything the energies that once seemed boundless, the ambition once so fierce and proud, all gone His whole nature received from the shock Had Dora, in the fury of her jealousy and rage, tried to kill him, he would have thought that but a small offence compared with the deadly breach of honor crouching behind the trees to listen. He thought of the quiet and beauty of Valontmo's face while Dora's was convulsed with passion He remembered the utter wonder in Vulontino's eyes when Dora's flamed upon them. He remembered the sickening BOise of shame that had owed him as he listened to her angry abusive words And this untrained, ignorant, ill bred woman was his wife ' For her he had given up home, parents, position, wealth, hopes all he had in life worth caring for. For her, and through her, he stood there alone in the world. These thoughts first mud in an ed him, then drove him to despair What had Ufo left for him He could not return to England, his father's doors were closed against him There was no path opened to him, without his father's help he could not got into Parliament He could not work as an artist at home. He would not remain in Florence, never again, he said to himself, would he soon Valentine Charteris, Valentine, who had been the witness of his humiliation and disgrace Sooner anything than that He would leave the villa and go some where, he cared little where No quiet, no rest, came to him and his misfortunes boon acci- dental-had they been any other than what they were, the result of Ina boyish folly and disobedience he would have found them easier to bear , as it was, the recollection that it was all his own fault drove him half wild. Before morning he had written a farewell note to Lady Churston, saying that he was leaving Florence at once, and would not be able to see her again. He wrote to Valentines, but the few stiff words expressed little of what he felt He prayed her to forgot the miserable scene that would haunt him to his dying day ; to pardon the insults that had driven him wild to pardon the mad jealousy, the dishonor of Dora, to forget him and all belonging to him When Miss Churton read that letter she knew that all effort to restore peace would for a time be in vain She heard the day following that the clever young artist, Mr Thorne, had gone. Countess RoBuli loudly lamented Ronald! departure It was so strange, she said; the dark eyed little wife and her children had gone home to England, and the husband, after selling off his home, had gone with Mr Charles Standon into the interior of Africa What was he going to do there She lamented him for two days without ceasing, until Valentino was tired of her many conjectures He was missed in the brilliant saloons in Florence, but by none so much as by Valentine Charteris. What the pretty coquettish countess said was true, after making many plans and forming many resolutions, Ronald met Mr Standon, who was on the point of joining a searching expedition in South Africa He gladly consented to accompany him there was but little preparation needed Four days after the never to-be-for gatton garden scene, Ronald Earle had left Italy, and became a wanderer upon the face of the earth [TO BE CONTINUED) ) FOR THE BOYS -Henry Ward Beecher has written this -" I never saw anybody do anything that I did not watch chain and BIO how he did it, for there is no telling but that sometimes I might have to do it myself I was going across a prairie , my horse began to limp Luckily I came across a blacksmith's shop, but the Billilli was not at home I asked the woman of the house if she would allow me to start the Oro and make the shoe She said I might if I know how So I started the fire and heated the shoe red hot, and turned it to fit my horse's foot, and pared the hoof, and turned the points of the nails out cunningly, UB I had seen the blacksmith do, so that in driving into the hoof they should not go into the quick, and shod the horse At the next place I went to I went straight to a smith, and told him to put the shoe on properly. He looked at the horse's foot, and paid into the greatest compliment I ever received in my life He told me if I put on that BIIOO I had better follow black smithing all my life. Now, I should never have known how to do this if I had not looked on and seen others do it." TRYING TO FIND OUT A WOMAB'SAOL - In a recent trial for breach of promise of marriage, the plaintiff, who was a widow with grown up children, testified in her own behalf On cross examination, the counsel for the defendant made an unsuccessful attempt to ascertain her age, as follows -CouneclforDofcndunt If you please, state what is your ago Widow I am younger than his first wife, any way. Counsel M oil, that does not let us know, Will you tell us your ago? Widow I am younger than his first wife Counsel May I say sixty t Widow Now you are too far Court Madam, how old IS your oldest son Widow He is dead. My eldest son living is twenty four Court Will you tell your age ? Widow I think you don't want to know Counsel But you have a daughter, what ago is she? Widow Enquire for yourself. COURAGE Well, I won't press you any further It was said that the widow was sixty one, while the defendant was forty-four. At all events, the jury thought him old enough to know better than to make promises and break them, and young enough to learn better for the future, and they brought in a verdict against him for 1750 