THE STORY-TELLEJ, LA BE'LLE AMERlT CAINE. -. o A OALIrOrNIAN STOMY.. BY RlICHMOND..THAi? CHER. CHAFTEB III.-ON THE .BOARDS AGAIN For some time after his death Fanny Hesler now Marshall was unconscious to all passing around her. She.knew she had not loved George Marshall as she felt love should be. She never would have done probably, and the thought sharpened her anguish and made her regret more keenly. It seemed an injustice to the dead man's memory. She had robbed him as it were of a passion and had returned none. He gave love and he had re turned gratitude and obedience; a poor exchange, she k::ew. The funeral took place, and the lawyer saw to the legacy, and when the bereaved girl was able to attend to what he had to tell her, she found herself indepen dent; not rich, but with an income sufficient to relieve her from -any trouble or anxiety as to her future so far as her few requirements were con cerned. Six months after George Marshall's death, Mr. Ohawson f the Columbian Theatre was waited upon at his private rehidence by a lady, closely veiled, who, in answer to his inquiries as to what he could do for ler; said shortly-" Mr. Chawson, I want to niake a debut at your theatre." Such requests were not unknown, not even unusual to Mr. Chawson, who was often beseiged by people, men and women, anxious to jump into the theatrical world as "stars" with one bound. " Madam," he said, "I re gret that I have no vacancy in my theatre." (Mr. Chawson called it theeayter.) " I'm sorry"-" Hold," she said, interrupting him, "I am not one of those ladies who fancy they can electrify an audience without master ing even the A. B.C. of theatrical business. I know the drudgery re quired from even the poorest servant ofThespis. I faced the footlights as soon as I could stand and have had many years of preparation, many anxious hours of study and labour to fit me for the stage and the position I aim at. Here," she worit on vehem eatly, "select a passage from this play," taking up a drama from the side table, "any you like, or I will" she added-"listen," and she took a long impassioned speech from a sensa tional play of the day and gave it without a mistake with fire and a pas sion that rose and fell as occasion de manded ; now swelling into fuiy, again soft and subdued. Chawson knew what light and shade was and could ,appreciate good acting, still lie never :decided for himself, he kept a man to think for him. His opinion of any thing.new, if asked, was " wants rip ping." His expenses at the theatre was a thousand dollars a week and any mistake such as an unsuccessful debut would entail a serious loss on him, so he arranged a meeting for the following day between the new aspir ant and his managing man, Mr. Spof fered. The interview took place. Mr. Spoffered gave Fanny a thorough trial; tried her in tragedy and comedy -demanded and got Irom her, pathos and feeling, tenderness, violence, sweet ness, mockery, scorn, disdain, laugh ter and tears. Her acquaintance with dramatic authors was extensive; he tried it to the utmost. He saw at a glance that she was fitted to tread the boards, that she was graceful, self possesse~d, confident; but he wished to learn it she had caught the celestial fire-if she kne'w how to act--how to move an audience-to have it at her command and make it her own, and lie satisfied himself that she did. Hii reply to the Chawson's enquiry, as to whether Fanny would do ? was brief but' satisfa.'tory., "' She -will, make a stack of dollars: for'you, old man," was the answel;. '" We must bring her out in.stylo"'-and they did,. with the result we have seen. Shortly after her fame was estab lished, she was making her way to her dressing-room, when, in one of the passages, she came across some ol those male butterflies, whom wealth and lavish prodigality give an entrde behind the :sce.nes of the best of theatres; whose only object is to toy with and captivate such as are led away by their fascination and libo rality. Sending for Mr. Chawson, who was soon in attendance, she said : • "I am of use to you, Mr. Chawson ?" That enterprising man acknowledged the fact by a :bow." "Then," she continued, "send away those fellows; never let me see them in this place during my engage ment.- Let that door," pointing. to.the stage entrance, " be a barrier to which no money.will be an ' open sesame. Let the curtain divide'me and those girls. from such men, whose presence degrades us; and she swept up towards her room, her eyes, flashing and her hands clenched. Her wishes were obeyed, for she was mistress of the situation. .No languishing glances from private boxes \---no:advanices:made by muans of art fully, contrived: .missives,. concealed. within gorgeous bouquets, or twisted iound diamond rings, had an effect uDon her. She received the usual thou sand and one invitations to mix with the gay and-thoughtless, to live the life of other women who make the stage a profession; but she repelled the ad advances, quietly but firmly, and in such a manner as to leave no mistake as to her meaning. ,Sne was punctual at such rehearsals as her presence was required at, and she required punctu ality from the company. But she re hearsed only-once the piece being .ufficiently well known or gone through she left in her modest chariot. She came punctually to the theatre at night and left as regularly for her quiet lodgings. Not a dozen persons in the city knew she was the protege of George LMarshall deceased, and those who did know it -were not likely to comhiunicate the fact to others. Mr :Chawson did not seek to pry into her private affairs or antecedents. He knew that he was meking thousands of dollars out of her; that she filled his theatre to overflowing night after night. He was a practical man, with a vast amount of shrewd, matter-of fact philosophy--a sort of breeches pocket Seneca. '" Who was she ?" he would say. "I don't know and I don't care. She fills the treasury and makes the ghost walk. She's the cleverest woman that ever showed in New York, and that's enough for me, sir,ee." SAfter the time was up for which she had engaged with Mr. Chawson, she exprebsed her intention to travel, and that disconsolate lessee dictated, much against his will, terms of agreement with Crouch, of the Republican Theatre San Francisce, which were accepted; and Fanny left for the Gold Coast, bidding farewell for a time to the rough but kind-hearted Chawson, with many mutual expressions of sorrow and regret at parting. CHAPTEE IV.- RISCO. There was no trans-pacific railway across the continent at that time, and the voyage had to be made by steamer. It was accomplished, however, and Fanny Marshall, now La Belle Ameri caine, with her agent, landed ac the Universal Packet Wharf, and was re ceived by emissaries from Mr. Crouch. The lady was whipped into a carriage amidst the cheers of a great crowd, which the enterprising Mr. Crouch had taken care should meet the steamer, and greet the great actress, whose fame was to fill his pockets. Theonterprising Crouch had not been idle since the engagement of the noew star. He had many discussions with his stage manager on the knotty point of the opening piece, in which tointroduce La Belle Americaine to the Pacific Pub - lie. " La Belle Americaine," the play it self, was not suited for the Western States. Shakespeare, Mr. Crouch obser ved, "wasn't worth acuss; he was played out, and d-d expensive to mount." Tom Taylor and Boucicault lead to be localised so frightfully that they lost half their value when brought across the Atlantic. She must have some thing tip top; that was certain; some thing Al, and new, if possible. New!. that was it exactly. Young Leslie was the very man, right into their hands. Leslie was a rising author; he had written two or three successful farces, adapted a few burlesques, and drama tized an English work -of fiction. He was a successful pressman, and alto gether the very man to write a drama on which the power of La Belle Ameri caine might be shown to the best ad vantage. He was a local man, loo, and Mr. Crouch knew how to appeal to a discriminating and generous public to encourage local talent. The order was given, and the young man set to work to produce a piece, an original drama,, worthy of even so bright a star as La Belle. He threw his soul into the task; he knew it would make or mar his fame as a dramatist. He had his foot on the ladder of renown. He was to climb-to reach the top, and grasp all the emoluments attendant on success, or fall into the abyss of me diocrity if he failed; and no one knows how bitter such a fall and failure can be but the aspring but disappointed genius, who has essayed to climb, and fallen. Herbert Leslie had long been confident that he could write a drama; he only waited for the chance, and it had come. When he submitted the manuscript of " The Creole's Revenge" to Mr. Crouch, and Burton' his facto tum, they et once said it would "go." Mr. Crouch even went so far as to say it was a " snorter." Leslie had not written exactly to please him self. He knew that he was writing for the Pacific public, and he grafted on to words, scenes, and situa tions, many noble sentiments. He made a sort of compromise with his conscience and ambition. He was aware that had he written a play in which real men and women had been introduced, and made to talk as men and women do, it would not be suffered to roeach the length of one performance; so he sacrificed truth and fidelity, as all dramatic authors are forced.to do. But he gave in the place of real life, an ideal one, which while it appealed to the sympathies and predilictions of playgoers, was true and faithful to that ideal. He had to create, stage men and women, but he did not make them "stagey;" he endowed them with life, and did not merely carve so many puppets. He gave each man and woman in the piece an individuality. If they - spoke his words they- were bound to be consistent, and become component parts of the whole of his plot. Bitrton, the factotum, knew it would go. Thero were "lines " for the gods; which he knew must bring down that porition of the house, and lie felt that tie'interest he himself experienced in merely reading the play must be in creased tenfold, if it were.. properly noted, and that he was determined it should bh. 