INQUEST ON THE BODY OF THE BUSH RANGER JOHNSTON. (From our own Reporter) In Tuesdays issue we gave some particulars of the shooting of a man named John Johnston, by constable Sweeney, near Muswellbrook, on Satur day last. The body of the unfortunate man lay in a stable at the rear of the court-house, Muswellbrook, from Sunday till Tuesday afternoon, when it was re- moved in a coffin, and interred in the Church of Eng- land burial ground. There had been a violent thunderstorm on Saturday night, with vivid flashes of lightning, and to this circumstance was ascribed the advanced state of decomposition that had set in. The features were fearfully swollen and disfigured, so much so that it was almost impossible to recognise them as belonging to the man Johnston, who a short time ago was in the full enjojment of health and life but, as will be seen from the testimony adduced at the inquest, and given below, his identity was established beyond question, and it will also be seen that there can now be no doubt flat he was the same individual upon whom suspicion rested as having committed the series of depredations with which our readers are already acquainted On Monday, Mr F W Thrum, J P, formally com- menced a magisterial inquiry into the case, and ad- journed the hearing of evidence till Tuesday, for the holding of a coroner's inquest Mr T W Pearse, coroner, proceeded to Muswell- brook by first train on Tuesday morning, and held an inquest in the court-house on the body The following jurymen were sworn -A W Holler, W Denshire, J Stafford, J Gleeson, T Fagan, G. Gunter, L Conroy, E Budden, R Goodyer, C Saw kins, F Hooper, and John Sweeney Mr Superintendent Morisset was present, and con- ducted the examination of the witnesses The coroner and jurymen having viewed the body the following evidence was taken - George Thompson deposed ; I am sergeant in the police force of New South Wales, stationed at Mus- wellbrook , I have seen a dead body within the pre cincts of the court which I have recognised as that of John Johnston. I am aware that a warrant was issued for his apprehension, which I produce, I knew Johnston ten years ago. The body of the man I allude to is that of the man for whose apprehension a warrant had been issued. In consequence of infor- mation I had received, I went to Wybong Creek, in company with mounted trooper Sweeney. We were joined by constable Rutherford, and proceeded to Wybong Creek, where Johnston was supposed to be. We then went to Sandy Creek, to the residence of a man named Donnewald, and on arriving there I cau- tioned the others to be very careful, as Johnston was supposed to have firearms in his posession. On our arrival there we found that Johnston had left about half an- hour before, and gone to a place called Double Gully, about four miles distant. When we arrived at Double Gully, we saw a horse with a saddle and bridle on, tied up to a fence near a house. This house is situated in a gully at the foot of a hill, if we had followed the road straight up to the house Johnston could have seen us coming, and I there fore ordered the men to dismount and tie their horses up. This was about sixty or seventy yards from the house. We then ran up to the house, and Constable Rutherford called out "man, man" I then saw Johnston running away across the cultiva tion paddock. Behind this paddock is a high steep mountain, towards which Johnston was making. Rutherford called out "Surrender, Johnston, and throw up your hands". We knew he had had firearms. Rutherford fired, but John- ston still kept running on, and we were running after him. Constable Rutherford fired three or four shots after Johnston. Johnston jumped into the cultivation paddock, running towards the mountain. Sweeney turned back to get the horses, and a young man named Brackenreg rode up to me. I took his horse from him and rode up the paddock, with the intention of heading Johnston back. When Johnston saw this he came running towards me. He was about eighty or ninety yards from me at the time. I jumped off the horse and ran towards him, calling on him several times to surrender. He then turned back from me and ran in the direction of the mountain. Another shot was then fired, and I saw Johnston fall forward on his face, with his hands extended. He jumped up again and made one step forward. At this time I was about twenty yards from him, and running towards him he again fell with his knees and elbows rest ing on the ground. By this time I had come up to within five yards of him. He was leaning on his left elbow and knee, and was fumbling about his side with his right hand, as if searching about for a revolver. I said to him, "Johnston, if you attempt to move your hands I'll fire " He lifted up his head, looked at me for a moment, and said, " Thompson, I'm sorry " These were the last words he spoke. We examined his body, and found a bullet mark on his right hip, but there was no blood on him. We then carried him to the hut. I cannot swear he was alive when we took him to the hut. I produce a portrait of the deceased, which was taken in Parramatta gaol. It answered to John- ston's description in every respect. I left imme- diately for a doctor. I had seen in the Police Gazette that two horses were stolen from Mr Danger's on the, 17th July last, that on the 20th July, Johnston had presented a revolver at constable Bowden, at West Maitland, that on the 29th July he stuck up the Rev Patrick Finn, and robbed him of a horse and saddle and bridle, and that on the 22nd he stuck up a boy named Willard, from whom he took horse, saddle, and bridle. There was a horse, saddle and bridle at the hut. The saddle and bridle have since been identified as those that had been taken from the Rev Father Finn. Johnston was a smart active man I am certain be would never have been taken alive. He was getting away from the police and dodging them when he was shot. The paddock was surrounded by mountains By the Coroner ; I do not know of my own know- ledge that Johnston carried firearms. When he fell and put his hands behind his back, I imagined that he was feeling for firearms to make an assault on the police By the jury ; The horse he had has not yet been identified James Rutherford deposed ; I am a constable of the police force, stationed at Merriwa. On the night of the 15th instant, acting on information I had re- ceived, I camped on the Wybong ; I had heard that a man answering the description was at Donnewald's on the Wybong. I was aware a warrant had been issued, I sent in word to Sergeant Thompson, that Johnston was there, and waited there till he arrived, about one o clock next day, when we proceeded to Donnewald's. Under Sergeant Thompson's instruc- tions we divided as we went up there, We dis mounted for fear the man should escape on foot, it was difficult to approach without been seen, when we got there Sergeant Thompson found that the man had escaped and gone over to another place about four miles distant, where a son of Donnewald resided We proceeded at full speed on the track over to where the man had gone. Upon arriving there we saw a horse tied up, with a saddle and bridle on, near the door of the house. The man Johnston came out of the kitchen. Constable Sweeney said " Thats the man " We dismounted, let our horses go, and made for the house Johnston ran into the house. The sergeant called out to me to guard the front door. When I got round to the front door, Johnston had got about a hundred yards away, having got out by the front door. Sweeney was at the back door calling on him to surrender I cried out ' There goes the man, and ran after him. When I had run about 100 or 150 yards a shot was fired from behind me. Johnston pulled up and faced me, fumbling about in his belt for his revolver. When I saw him doing this, I told him to throw up his hands and surrender or I would shoot him. He again ran on, and I fired aside of him to intimidate him. He again stopped, faced, half round, and fumbled about in his belt. I then fired low and missed him. At this time he was within fifty or sixty yards of the broken ridges. A young man named Brackenreg galloped up to me, leading my horse jumped on my horse, and was joined by Sweeney, and we both galloped round the corner of the pad- dock, and headed Johnston back from the direction of the range into the paddock. Sweeney then Called out to him, " Johnston, you may as well sur- render at once," at the same time presenting his revolver. At this time Sweeney was within fifty or sixty yards of him, Johnston being inside the fence, and still running parallel with us. We turned the corner of the fence when he headed back, making towards sergeant Thompson, at the far side of the paddock. Thompson was running to meet him on foot. I jumped off my horse and was getting through the fence on foot when Sweeney took aim at him. I said, " It's no use firing, you'll never hit him, the man's too far off " I heard a shot from behind, and saw Johnston fall. At this time ser- geant Thompson was very close to him. Johnston sprang up at once, and fumbled again at his belt, facing the sergeant. He then raised himself on one elbow, with his hand still at his belt. He then fell back. By this time Sweeney and I had reached him, and Thompson was alongside him. I immediately caught hold of his belt to see if there were any fire- arms in it, while Sweeney raised him up The belt was unbuckled. We then turned him round on the right hip bone, but saw no blood. Sweeney spoke to him, but he never answered. At that time a man named Lawson came running up from the house that Johnston started from, and he assisted us to carry him to the house. We carried him about two hundred yards when he vomited, and to the best of my belief he expired a few minutes afterwards. In the meantime, sergeant Thompson was searching the house for firearms, but found none. We found on Johnston's person a powder flask, which I took out of his coat pocket when we first picked him up. Sergeant Thompson went for a doctor, and I went for a dray. When I returned I took out of his trousers pockets two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, two shillings, and a sixpence, tied in a piece of rag, which I now produce; also a pocket comb, a pocket-knife, and a box containing precus sion caps; Johnston was quite close to Sweeney when Sweeney called on him to surrender. I believe that if he had got into the ranges close by we would never have got him again. I have seen the body ; it has been under my charge ever since. I only knew him from the description given of him, I searched his body, and found on him marks that correspond with. the description accompanying the photograph pro- duced. Johnston was 133 paces from Sweeney when Sweeney fired. We were armed with revolvers. By the jury: The hills to which Johnston was making were not fit for a man to ride up on horse- back ; they were nearly perpendicular. The valley is in the shape of a horse-shoe, and there is only one way by which access can be gained to it ; that was the way we went. Patrick Sweeney deposed : I am a mounted trooper in the police force of New South Wales, sta- tioned at Muswellbrook. About eleven o'clock in the forenoon of Saturday last, I went, in company with Sergeant Thompson, to arrest a man named John Johnston, charged on a warrant with stealing two horses and two saddles and bridles, the property of Mr. W. J. Dangar, of Singleton. We proceeded to the Wybong Creek, and there met constable Rutherford, and then went to a place called Sandy Gully, to the, residence of a man named Donnewald, but we ascer- tained that the man we wanted had left there about dinner time ; we then went to Double Gully, about four miles away ; we came to a hut in which a Mrs. Donnewald lives, whose husband (Jacob Donnewald) is in gaol at Parramatta ; when within about sixty or seventy yards of the house I saw a horse, with a saddle and bridle on, hung up to a stump close to the house. Soon afterwards I saw a man coming out of the kitchen door. I recognised him as John John ton, the man I wanted, He wore leggings, a dark coat, and a black hat with a white turban on it, he had black hair and whiskers When he saw us he returned into the house by the back door I jumped off my horse, and got through the fence, pulled out my revolvei, and proceeded down to the pouse. When I got there 1 said, ' Johnston, come .out and surrender like a man-Sweeney's outside i got no reply, but immediately after heard sergeant (Thompson calí out to look out for the front door £ stepped up to the back door and saw a man named iwson standing in the passage This man I knew .¡was a companion of Johnstons I told Lawson if [he attempted to stir I'd shoot him I went to the other end of the house, looked all round, and saw Johnston running away "through the trees ra the £at 1 fired after him, but did not cover him He jvas 400 or ot)0 jarda away at this time I jgot on my horse and rode after him I turned across into the left hand side of the paddock to prevent him getting away into the bush, and got np in front of where Johnston was running in the paddock. I called on Johnston, and said, ' Johnston, if you don't surrender I'll shoot j ou, I know j ou well and you know me-I m Svveenej the constable ' He made no reply, but ran on m an opposite direc- tion I rode down to a small fiat and jumped off the horse as quick as I could Johnston s right side was -towards me I covered his thigh with my revolver .ad fired, I saw him fall, but he got up again, stood atraight up, and again fell struggling to the ground I ian to bim, but before I got to him Sergeant Thompson was close up to him I called out to the sergeant to be careful When I carne up I spoke to Johnston, sajing, "Mj God, Johnston, why didn't you surrender," and also said that I did not wish to have to shoot him I asked him if I could do any- thing for him, or had he anything to say to me, but ha never spoke I helped to carry him out of the paddock into the house He died in about a quarter of an hour I remained with the corpse tül it was brought into Muswellbrook I Starched ais body, and found a box of percussion caps, a powder flask, a small flattened bullet, two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, two shillings, and . sixpence In his vest pocket I found a pocket compasa The distance I was from him when I fired «a* 133 yards When I came up to him I opened up his clothes and rendered him all the assistance I could. I afterwards found a horse, saddle, and bndle, which were pointed out to me as those that Johnston bad brought to the house that day The saddle and bndle produced are the same They have been claimed by the R»v Father Finn, of Murrurundi, and recognised bj lum aa the saddle and bndle he was robbed of on War land's Range I knew Johnston before, I assisted Senior-sergeant Hinde to arrest him about nine yeara ago I have not the slightest doubt as to his identity, I believe he would nave escaped if I had not shot him He very neariy succeeded in getting away among the mountains, which surround the paddock like a fence The clothes I now examine were the clothes deceased bad on when he was shot The hat and cloak I produce I also found at Donne wald's Sandy Gully-the first place we went to George Henry Lawson deposed I am a stockman And borge breaker I have no particular place of abode, I was living at Gundagai a few weeks ago I only knew deceased bj having seen him at Donne wald'i It was between three and four weeks since I first saw him there Johnston came to Donnewold's last Saturday I was at both the Donnewald'a places with him He was ploughing there We did not go over from Sandy Creek to Doable Gully together I went over from Sandy Creek to Double Gully about «ight o'clock in the morning Deceased and mjself and another young man slept together at Sandy Gully, Johnston had come to Double Gullj about five or ten minutes before the police came. When the police came he ran through the house, and said, ' Holy Ghost, here's Thompson coming " He went down the flat trom the house He w is about a hun- dred yards away from the bouse when the police called on him to stand but he still kept on running H« crossed the creek and went into a wheat pad dock, the police following on horseback. John Ston was on the left hand side of the paddock, and Sergeant Thompson was on the inside I heard s. shot fired, and Johnston turned round us if he was going to face Sergeant Thompson After the shot was fired Johnston fell, and when the police went to him he appeared to be dying We carried him to the house ra a quilt When we got to the house his feet were cold I got a looking-glass and put it over his mouth, and finding that the glass was not stained I said to the police that I believed the man was dead During the time Johnston was running away I was standing at the Corner of the house, at the side, between a quarter and half a mile away I saw all thit took place I have only spoken of one shot as having been fired, but there were two shots fired before we got into the paddock The police called upon Jonnston several times to surrender I am not aware that Johnston frequently carried a revolver I have seen firearms with him, but cannot say if he usually car- ried them I saw what I believed to be a pistol on the night before be was shot, just as were going to bed. 1 do not know where the pistol is now I have seen no firearms in the house at Double Gully »ince the occurrence I never heard Johnston say that be sever would be taken alive I have seen the saddle and bndle produced, in Johnston's possession, they were supposed to be his By the jury; The other person who slept with deceased and myself was Louis Donnewald I do not think Johnston could have got away if he had not been shot, because he was in a wheat paddock of twenty or thirty acres, and the police could see where he went to. It was possible for a horseman to ride quickly all round the paddock I do not know that Johnston went bj any other name He wa» hired by Donnewald to plough I believe the police could have taken him without shooting him if they bad waited By the Coroner I have said that Johnston was between a quarter and half a mile away The three police were on each side of him He was 121 yards from the paddock lance when he was shot I mea- sured the distance I did not know Johnston before this. I never met him in gaol Robert Bowden deposed I am a constable in the police force stationed at West Maitland I have seen the body at the back of the court house, but do not recognise it I recognise the clothes produced as having been worn by a man I met at West Maitland. At about half pist eight o'clock on the night of the 20th July I was on duty at West Maitland, and Baw a man who I thought was identical with a man who had stolen two horses from Singleton, I overtook him, and wished lum goodnight, I asked him whether he had come down the country, and he said he had, I asked him how longrtwassmcehearrived in Maitland, he answered, " On Thursday evening," I then asked him how many head of cattle he had brought down the country with him, and he answered that be hid not brought down any cattle at all-tnat I was b-sharp , " Perhaps you've come from the tin mines," I then said, he answered yes , I asked bim two or three other questions, and seeing that he was not inclined to enter into conversation with me, I then said, " Well,I might as well be candid with j ou, old man, you're identical with a man who has stolen two horses from Singleton, and I want to know where you are stopping, so that if the parties with whom you are staying can give any satisfactory account of you, YU apologise for having detained you," he then replied that he waa stopping at Brown s, I then said " I must go to Brown's with you ," he presented either a pistol or a revolver at me, cocking it at the same time, and Äd, "No, j ou dont, j ou b wrecth." Not having anjthing to protect mjself with I thought it prudent to retreat, which I did backwards, with my face towards him, I went about ten yards back, and then turned round, when I got about thirty yards off he said, ' You b-long dog, I'm sorry I didn't shoot you " I then ran down to the barracks, and reported the circumstance to Senior-Sergeant Kerngan, I recognise the por- trait produced to be that of the person I speak of Robert Willard deposed I reside at Glennie's Creek with my father, I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court-house, and recognise it as that of a man I had seen about three weeks or a month ago at Glennie's Creek He came across the bush and stopped me, be caught hold of my bndle, and said if I did not get off he'd shoot me, he put on his leggings and spurs, and rode away on my horse The leggings produced are similar to those he had on, and the poncho he had was similar to that produced, he did not show me any firearms Joseph Brown deposed I reside with my father at Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, at the Royal Oak Hotel, I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court-house, and believe it to be that of John Johnston, he stopped at my father's house on the 18th of July last He had a bay mare, DR conjoined (the D reversed), with a square tail, and two white hind legs I have since heard that it was Mr Dangars horse. Deceased slept in a room by himself When he left a pocket compass was missed The compass produced an- swers the description of the one missed The por- trait produced is something like the man When he was at our place he had a beard I identify the hat, poncho, and leggings produced, as similar to those worn by the man who stayed at my father's house Patrick Finn deposed I am a Catholic priest, re siding at Blandford. I was stopped on the road on the 27th of July last As I was ascending the range a man met me. He was walking. He caught hold of the reins of my horse, and told me to dismount, I expostulated with him for a moment or two, and he then asked me if I had any money, at the same time putting his hand into my pocket He took out a little book that I had He then put his hand in another pocket, and took out a purse containing about seven sovereigns. He gave me back the book I had to dismount, and he told me I could get a horse from some carriers who were some dis- tance along the road I walked away, and he called after me and said he could leave the horse for me at Wallabadah. He took away the horse, saddle, and bridle, and a coat that was tied to the front of the saddle I have seen a body at the back of the court- house It was disfigured by decomposition, so that I could not recognise it. I cannot be positive that the photograph produced is the portrait of the man who stuck me up The saddle and bridle produced I recognise as those taken from me There was a blue band on the forehead strap, but that is not there now The stirrup irons are not the same I cannot identify the money produced "Louis Donnewald deposed: I reside with my mother at Double Gully. I knew the deceased John Johnston, he had lately been staying at our house I last saw him on Saturday last, when he left our house He left the cloak and hat produced at my father's place, they were his property Jacob De Leon deposed: I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing and practising in Mus- wellbrook. On the evening of the 16th instant Sergeant Thompson requested me to go and see a man who had been wounded at Wy- bong Creek by the police. Owing to the storm, we did not reach the place where the man was till about twelve o'clock at night When I reached the place I found that the man was quite dead. Rigor mortis had set in. On viewing the bodv I found a gunshot wound on the right hip joint, which had extended to the pelvis or lower part of the abdomen. I made a post mortem examination, of the body yesterday morning, and found that the ball had penetrated clean through the bone, into the pelvis, and in all probability ruptured the bladder and some of the arterial vessels in the pelvis. In my opinion death was caused by the combined effects of shock to the nervous system and internal haemorrhage. By the Coroner I have not bad much experience in shooting cases, but I should think that if a man fired with a revolver at another at a distance of 133 yards he might strike either a little higher or a little lower than the part aimed at. Frederick William Thrum deposed: I am Justice of the Peace for the territory of New South Wales, residing at Muswellbrook. I have seen the locality where the man Johnson was shot, and have heard the evidence of the previous witnesses. From my personal inspection of the ground, and the evidence I have heard, I am of opinion that the locality in question offered great facilities for the escape of the deceased from the police. Having heard the evi- dence of the witnesses relative to the distance the man had got away from the police, I consider that if he had once reached the base of the mountain no one could have captured him The Coroner carefully summed up the evidence, and explained the law bearing on such cases. The jury retired at a quarter past five o'clock, and after an absence of fourteen minutes returned into the court room with a verdict of justifiable homi- cide. The Coroner expressed his concurrence with the verdict of the jury, and said he considered sergeant Thompson, constable Sweeney, and constable Ruther- ford were entitled to the thanks of the community for their exemplary conduct in bringing the offender to justice. 