NOTES ON CHINA. fROM THI JOURSAL OF A L&DYT.; Ot the 31st May, 1872, we set sail for Singapore and Amoy, our vessel hloade with oilaakes and herdecks crovdeid with Chinoeoe passengers, all in high spirits, many of them having made their fortunes. The first fw days, the weather heinz fine, the Chjinese seemed to enjoy themselvos greatly, ntd eat down to their chow-chow (es they ctll their meals) with great gusto. They arranged themselves in groups of four or five with a tray before them, in the centre of which was a large bowl of rice, and round it saucers oontaining chillies, cucumbers, and dried fish. They each had basins which they heaped up with rico, and helped themselves with their chopsticks to the delicacies before them. Sometimes they had shark's flos and cook's heada broth for a change; occasionally they had good vegetable-soup and fowls. They generally took their repast very quietly till their teapots were filled, and tthen, though they took but little, it seome;d to hvre the same effect upon them as wine, and they got excited and noisy. The most distinguished of the deck passengers were accommodated in the long.boats, the rest got close to the lides of the ship. 8Sme even made their beds upon the chain-plates. The small places into which they could stow themselveos was wonderful. One made himself a little nest a foot square; but all had clean bed ding. They got on very well with the sailors for they were very generous to them, making presents of biscuits and fruit, and were grateful for any kindness. One of the Ohinamen was much divertedl by the proceso of knife- cleaning. lIe watched the cbin boy, who rather reluctantly performe:l that duty, and begged him to permit him to try if he could do the same. The lad, who i could not believe that any one in his senses could have a fancy for knife.clelaing, soemeene to the Chinaman unwilling to part with his job, and to induce him to do so the latter offered him the bribe of a pine-apple, which the youth graciously received and ate while he allowed the Chinama?na the privilege of doing his work. The n-xt day the boy temptingly displayel the board and bith- brick before his friend of yesterday, but in vain. The charm of novelty over, John no longer felt any enthusiasm for knifo-cleaning. After we passed through tile Straits of 8opodie the weather became squally. The Chinese cook prepared for his countrymen emo tempting dishes, flavoured with garlic and fried in rank ccoanut-oil; but there were few able to eat of them, and but one small party sat down; but just as they were about to use their chop-sticks, a band of sufferers rushed to the side of the ship and bowed their hbeads, their long tails waving mournfully in the air. This melan choly sight provoked indignation rather than oompassion in the breasts of their country men, and the dining party was broken up. The weather continued so unfavourable that we made Karamatta Strait by dead reckon. ing on June the 8th. Tlhe weather cleared however when we entered and we Ihad it line for a day or two. After alternate calms and qualls we approached within a few miles of io Strait. We had seenoo for some hours a storm brewing a heal of us, but we were in hopes of entoring the Strait and onchoring before it burst. We anxiously watched the threatening sky. A ship just ahead of us got in and safely anchored. We trustoed we should have time to do the same; but when the sun set the wind that had been gradually lessening died away to so complete a calm that there was not a breath of air or a ripple on the sea. We then knew that it would not be long before the dreaded change took place, and sail was taken in immediately. Scarcely were our preparations made when the wind came with a terrific rush and drove the vessel through the water like a frightened animal. The howling of the storm scared our poor little children, who clang to us for protection, adding to our distress, feeling as we did so powerless to help them. One poor little fellow, amidst' his sobs murmured the names of dear absent friends, and prayed that he might be once again safe with them. After twenty minutes there was a lull. VWe heard the rain fall, and knew the worse was over. The wind gradually de creased, and soon after died away. We had been driven back some distance, eand the current setting in towards the land, we had to anchor. The Ohinese passengers hearing the anchor fall, were sure we had arrived at Singapore, and at once began to pack up their things, making no small noise an collecting their property. The next day was fine. A boat put off, in which sat two Indians. One of them, before coming on board, wrapped round him a striped calico skirt and placed a turban on his head, and announced himself as a pilot. He presented his certificates from various captains, retaining one in his hand to the last. This he gave with an air of triumpb. It was not only a flattering description of his nautical ability, but of his personal appearance. He told us, with great satisfaction, of a man who was then in prison for personating him. His name was Mabomot, and he was a Mahomodam. He was not at all scrupulous about what he eat or drank, with the exception of not eating anything cooked by a Ohinese, for he affirmed if it was only rico they would be sure to slip a piece of pork into it. The neaxt morning we entered into the Strait of Rhio; but the wind dying away, we were obliged to anchor. Again tile Ohbinese thought we had renahln oullr densti. nation, and got up nod had their hair aombos and plnited. Thonugh the men's hair wasee generally conres, in some Inntan oes it,~'as as soft as silk. The hair of one, a Chinese doctor, when combed out covered his shoulders like a cloak and reached his knees. The Strait of Rhio is so lind.lokokd with patchy hills and little bays that it looked like a beautiful Ihkeo. The Indians caught us some nice fish and a young shark for the Ohinese, with which they were much pleaseud, as they were getting h'ort of provisions. ;Reached Singapore on the 9th Jluno, after a tedious and anxious voyage. Here some of our passengora loft us. WeVo were much pleased with the appearance of the town, and found the climate an agreeable change from that of Java. Great onao is taken in British India to protect from heat. Tho verandaho, closed with Venotinn shutters, keep the houses delightfully cool. Wo took a pleasanont drive to the botanicnl gardeon. On either side of the road tIhe banks wore covered with luxurinnt rolepers, beoautiful Tfrne, and orchids hlanging from thb tlires. The gardene weore itustod on a gentle elevation, with a gravel carriage-road to the highest terrace. The trees and' *--.1; , flowers were mostly strangers to us. There were sornme balsams and roses; but th, latter loeked pale and small after seeine them in full perf?ectiou in tite gardens ol rl,llund, especially beside the scarlet, purple, crimson, and ghlddn hues of the Indian flowers. We saw some beautifu orchids in blossom. Altogether the car dens were very pretty, with an artificia lake and a li.tle island in the middle coversl with troes and ferns. Bdisides the botanical gardens, a Chinese merchant has a very fin one that he kindly throws open to visitors. We were told that the military barracks conm'anded ohn of the fitsot views in Singa. pore. \Ve accordingly dlrove to see it. Or our arrival, the sentinel told us it was usual for strangers to obtain an order from thy commanding officer before being admitted, but that we need not return. We had only to ask for a non-commissioned officer by name and he would show us over the plaoe. The soldiers were dressed becomingly and suitably for the climate in white with gray helmet-shaped hats, with scarlet bands. The serceant, who acted as our guide, was rather in dishabille; but he took a great deal-of trouble to show all that would be interesting to strangers. The view wa?s charming. The grounds were ornamented by fine trees. Among them thus held sacred by many of the natives, with its large clusters of leaves, shaded from the lichtest primrose to the faintest tint of green. Partly hidlden in a clump of trees, was a model of .Mahomet's tormb, where there were some worshippers at their devotions. Tlhe paths were covered bty the sensitive plant that shut itsh laves so closely on our approach it was impsssible to open them. The soldier took uts to the brow of the hlill and showed us a Cilineose villgo that had been fired into by the military and destroyed six weeks before our arrival, in consequence of a riot that had taken place betweeno two Chinese clans. WeO asket our guide if the soldiers suffered any offects from the change of climate. He answered that the' prudent had little to fear; but that those who exposed themselves to the night dlew and eat quantities of fruit, ,rouiht on themselves disease and death. Exccssive drinking and exposure to the sun caused delirium, which left them liable to a relapse when they drank or were over heated. Ie pointed out to us a padded room where patients were placed when suf ferini from the effects of sunstroke, as they usually dash their heads against the walls. Our guide said that his own health was good, and that he had every reasonable comfort, anod spoke gratefully of the home government that provided so carefully for the soldier in India. Just as we were enjoying the rare luxury of hearing a man speak contentedly of his lot, and that actually allowed he was well treated by those he served, our ears were startled by sounds of maniacal raving. We turned to see where the noise proceeded from, and saw an individual with inflamed countenance vio lontly gesticulating out of a cab-window, and frantically demanding in the coarsest language, " where some one's eyes were?" We thought it was some sufferer being con voyed against his will to the padded-room. A shade passed over the face of our contented friend, who turned like ourselves to see what was the matter. He was immediately called, as we supposed, to help in the removal of the invalid; but to our surprise we saw hlim standing with head uncovered at the door of the vehicle, while its occupant reiterated the same terrible inquiries as to where some one's eyes had been, and then drove on to the officer's quarters. We asked of the by standers the explatnation of this to us extra ordinary scene, and learned to our astonish ment that it was the commanding.officer (the general they called him) reproving his subordinate for a breach of military eti. quette, the man not having turned in time to salute him as he passed by. On Sunday we enjoyed the privilege of going to places of worship, and were astonished at the coolness of the buildings. Colonnades around sheltered them from wind and heat. Through the Venetian shutters the eye when fatigued with looking at the minister could rest on the rich green sward and magnificent Indian trees. The seats were most comfortable armchairs, bound together by a board which formed a place for the books for the row. Behind the punhahs so easily moved fannel the air end kept the building delightfully cool. One.could not help wishing that we had the same comforts in the Sydney churches, where the weather is often as hot as it is in India. In the afternoon we had a service on board, at the request of some gentlemen connected with the Mariner's ChOburch. With our own and part of the officers and crew of another ship we made quite a large congregation, that gratified the young preacher, who seemed to me searcely twenty years of age. His olive complexion, handsome features, and lithe form, showed from what race he had sprung. His simple, affectionate ad. dress interested his hearers, who were repro sontative of almost every European country. SOur numerous Chinese passengers politely kept silence throughout the service, and in timated that they understood we were wor shipping our God. The religious bodies in Singapore take a kind interest in the mariner. Immediately on our arrival a clergyman called and invited us to attend a servioe, and brought us papers and periodicals-a most welcome present to travellers. After a day or two's delay we started for Aminy; but hbe. fore leaving our Ohinone paseeniers brought its a boat-loul of fruit, Ilineapples, man goes, andt mollons. An American captain sent us thlree blooks of ice-a great bodn, as it would last mucht longer tItan the artificial, and we suffering much from prickly Ieat, thle cargo having made the ship intolerably hot. Theo beds and seats were as ifthey hIad boon heated by a warming-.pan, and the decks almost blistered our feet. Again we started on our voyage, which was a succeosein of equalls and calms, diver. ifieodl by a henad gale thltt lasted twelve hours ; but happily we were only driven back twenty miles out of our course. We were very thankful when it abated, as we were off the southl coast of F'ormosaR, whore n typhoon mighlt be expected. Otime following the gale, the Chinese begau to be uneasy, and thought it time to burn matches and send offerings of rice and soup to thteir gods, At length we reached Amoy, on the 20th of July, disfigured with prickly heat and in flamation of the eyes, ooonasioned by the heat of thle cargo. On entering the harbour of Amoy we were struck by the appearance of the rooks, dotiched from eachl other as if'by volhanio notioin. On the left is the Island of Kon laug?e,' whitre the English merchants have their private houses. To the right the island of Amnoy, tsventy-two miles in circum ference. Facing thie harbour is a fine row of buildings, the European merchants' and storkoepers' business premises. Behind lies the COinese city. In the distance the hills seem covered by flocks of sheep, but when you draw closer you find they are white stones, placed at the oentrance of graveos. Amov is one vast gravrC-yard, and it is im ps ssible to build awithout doing so over the lead. This is a source of great annoyance between the Chinese and Europeans. As soon as a merchant has bought his land and built his house the spirits of the departed appear to their descendants and declare that unless the foreigner removes they cannot rest. One gentleman has been offered double the price of valuable premises by an unhappy Chinese, tormented by the ghosts of his ancestors. This the merchant has re fused, for fear of increasing the superstition of the people. We started for a walk, but could not pick our way among the graves, hut were obliged to step over them. It was the place of burial for outcasts or persons too poor to purchase ground. It was a strange contrast to the cemetery we had last visited, which wasin the north of England. There, amidst shrubs, laborurnums, and lilaes, rose granite shafts and monuments, and those who cmuld not afford such costly memorials over the ashes of their dead, sur rounded them with floawers. At the heads of tiny daisy-covered graves were placed shells where the poor parents had had en graved the names of their little ones. Here the mounds were covered with bitsof broken crocklery to protect them from the hideous black pigs that we saw prowling among them. -The Chinese bury only two or three feet below the surface of the ground, and very often place the coffin above it. They have large jare, of which we saw several standing on the ledges of the rocks, where they placed the bones when found. Any one removing these would be guilty of a great crime, and would be severely punished. We lad not gone very far before a whole tribe of men and women followed us. The latter ·huffl-d after us with their crippled feet, and b)rrnuht to us their little ones who shrieked with fright at our appearance, to the great amusement of their mothers. One of the ladies, owner of the smalleat feet of the party, was anziost to see ours, and stooped down to examine them, and even went so far as to look at our ankles. Not liking this public display we hastened home, followed by the crowd. .?any of our Chinese passengers e ?on af'er our arrival seont us presents of fruit. Ooe young man, who had suffered from chronic inflammation of the eves, had had a shade made for him, for which trifing kind. nePs h was most gratified, and seneot us on landing two large baskets of the choicest ruit, consisting of grappes, pomlemoae a fine fruit the size of a rock melon with rind like a citron, the inside in cores the colour and flavour of red cur- I rante, oranges, and a plum somnething like the orleanbue, green outside and red in. In Amoy there weore plenty oT vegetables and fish; bht the meat was very poor. The Chinese having a fashion of inflating it with water to make it welch heavy, which entirely spoils the flavor. The climate is said to Ibe pleasant end healthy for eight months in the year, but Europeans find autumn very try. ing to them. We crossed over to the pretty island of Kesnlangseu, three miles in circum ference. Though once so 'fatal to the Euro pean it is now considered very healthy, since it has been drained and the Chinese have ceased to bury there. It is dotted over with handsome residences of the merchants. Near the beach is the hospital pleasantly situated and supplied with water from a sprieng, raised through a roek entirely sur. rounded by the sea. The doctore manufac. ture tea for the benefit of their patients. Though Keolangseu is not so full of graves as Arnoy, still there were many tombs hol Iowed out of the rock. A short distance from where they landed was the'tomb of an En glishmaeu, though quite unprotected as un injured, except by the effects of time, as when his companions pelaced tho granite slab over his b6dy two hundred years before. Every here end there we see conspiuoubu rocks, covered with Ohinese characters. These were public notices and conveyanoes of property. We, took a short walk into theOChineso city of Amoy. The streetb were filthy in the extreme. At short intervale stood large oarthern iars into which the slons fromn the different houses were thrown, io boe takon away for manure, and heaps of decaying vegetables, fish, and offal. Some of the bshop.keepers had their goods displayed on the roofs of the houses. The streets were so narrow that many young people pre-. ferred pursuing their way on the roofs of the houses, which they did with great agility, and it must have been by far the pleasantest way for those who could manage it. We had to walk single file and occasionally to step'into the shops while the coolies Ipassod by laden like beasts of burthen. In every little nook and corner barbers were to be seen pursuing their calling. We passed several Chinese banking establishments, and in some of thern the clerks, to be more at their ease in attending their ouetomors, were stripped to their waists. In a dirty-looking shop some women were busily ongagod in making artificisl flowers out of rice-paper. Rico-papsr is simply out with a knife without any other preparation from the pith of a plant whioh grows chiefly in Forrnoaa. The Amoy women were very plain. They weroe generally dressed in black holland blouses and trousers with natural flowers in their hair. Evon old women that time had deprived of that ornament had a broad black ribbon hound round their hoads, in which was fastened bunches of fresh flowers. We only saw tho*a who belonged to ltL workinc.olassea. 'The ladies live n very seoluded life. Many of those have orip. pled feet, halving been brought up as depend ente in a wealthy household. After some time they hive received a discharge and were at liberty to work for thermselves or merry. The women rushed out to see us pass by, anod brought out their obildren to ehake hands with us. The poor little things elhibited the same unflattering symptoms of terror that our appearance had oalled forth on asimilnr occa -ion. I darosay they had been terrified by dreadful stories of the red-haired forPignere, as they call all Europeans, whother dark or fair. We had not gone very far when one of our party felt feint, and we gladly retraoed tour steps, for Lib aetinoh in tile atreele wae nwful,' nd I. had been obliged to hild my handkerchiof to my nose, but qulokly withi. drew it for fear of giving offence to the citizene, s I hod beoard of a lad" who had oouoed a great deul of troulble by riding through a town in China with a mrelling bottle to her nose. A fever breaking out soon afterward,, she was accu-ed of letting an evil spirit out of the bottle. Although we iad been so short a distance, the streets were so i:regular bthat we were obliged to have e guide to take us home. In Armoy there is Lo mariners' chlrch, and strangers miss the kind attention they receivr from chaplains in other ports. The mission aries are so entirely devoted to the Chinese that they have no time to spare to the spiritual welfare of the sailor, and not one except on private business ever visits the numerous vessels that enter the harbour. There was a morning service at a pretty little chapel built by the residents of Kuolangseu. The roads not being suitable for carriages, those who could not walk the distance were carried in aedanohnairs. In church all are accommodated with fans, even the gentlemen. The singing was lead by a new organ, and the service was conducted by one of the eleven missionaries whose head-quarters are at Amoy. These take the services in turn, the others visiting the distant places in the i«land on the mainland. They have estab ished schools and hnspitals for the benefit of the Chinese. Of the latter institution, mnany of them gladly avail themselves, though others prefer their own doctors, whose medicines chiefly consist in charms and herbs, and if they require a tonic, tigers' blood ard bharko' teeth. 01 surgery they know nothing, and often bring their children to the European doctors to be operated upon for harelip, which is very common among them. We were tohl by one of the medical men that he wes osent for to visit a patient that the Cbinese doctors had exerted their skill upon for some time. lie found the sick man bound utp with red tape and the attendants using iucanta tion?, bhrning paper and lighting matches On examoining the sufferer, who was writhing in agony, he discovered a large abscess under the knee, over which bad been hound a basin. full of cockroaches to perform the office of surgeons. The doctor soon delivered hi, satient from his tormentors, lanced the ebscess, end gave immediate relief. The weather still continued pleasant; but the nights were very hot. We breakfasted in the garden of the house where we were staying, and it seemed strange to watch the sampans darting across the harbour carrying the Chineamer with their brilliantly-cnloured unbrellas, these boats reminding one so orcibly of the old willow pattern, These sampons or boats ore something the shape of a Chinese slipper, and are frequently used to ow out vessels. The.noise they make in doing this is so great that the.first time we heard it we got up in alarm, thinking it was a riot., On the coast of Ohina and trading ports, the Chinese are supposed to be inoapabhle of acquiring the English language, though many that we met sp,)ke it perfooctly. The traders have accommodated them by conversing with them in ea peouliar jargon called " pigeon Englilsh." The word " plon " is a corruption of a Chinese word signifying buisiones, and when " proper " in placed before it, it iImans that it will be done well. You are told if you inquire for a washerwoman that they " will calchee one piece washerwoman can do wash ing proper pigeon." We ware mueah ur priced to hear our host :tell his butler to " cactbee proper pigeon chowohbow for. the topside baby." This meant, "s end soon dinner to the baby upstairs,e" We started to visit a joeshbonss. Servants were sent to prepare dinner for us, as the priests kindly accommodate visitors with a room, and have no ohjeotion io parties of plensure; indeed people often stay at jicss houses for obasge of air. It was tooftr for us to walk, so we were carried in sedan chairs-a mess disagreeabld mode of con veyaneo to those unacouetomed to it. Each obair was carried by ihree Goolies-poor cniserable-looking treaturos that seemed as if they :would soon be exhausted. fBut this was not the oate, and we were told that* they could carry mcoch heavier burthone far greater dietances. But for all that one felt very nervous when oarried down narrsw'fligits of steps, and lhe hearers staggered as they de scoeded, and all at once you.fosl so tight that the least shake would send you headforemost. The Coolies shouted alIl the way.,.we went toeocosrage6 one another, and to give nodloe to people to get out of our way. We had to pass through romne of the narrowest streets of the.city, looking and amelling if possihle worse tban thase we had passed through be fore. Thespeople roehed out of their houses to see us go by, pressing eagerly forward to look into the windows of the endan-hoairs and greeting us with abouts. Finding we were treated with the enthusiasm that in other countries is bestowed on people of dis tinction, we endeavoured to imitate the affable conduct ascribed to snco persona by bowing on either side to the admiring crowd. This was well received and seemed to giye great satisfaotion. As we were carried through what perhaps was oalled a square, as it would have permittsd four oarts to etand abreast, ii there hail been nob vobhioles, we saw a etage that had been erected before a morobant's house, on which actors were performing for the amusement of the publio. The mroorohant had given thi entertainment as a thank-offor ing for the sucoesaful issue of somad peoula. ilon. Two of the notors were seated, dressed in royal robesi ropresenting a king and qtijon, the latter a man dreesed in female apparel, as no woman is allowed on the stage in China. They were apparently receiving ambaseadors. When we got into the open country, the air was cool and pleasant. Our poor bOarers had many a eteep hill to olimb. ., would gladly have rgot out and walked to relieve them, but did not know what to say to make them stop. The hills were covered *i grave'. When we roaohobl the josur wo h found it pioturesquely situatod,. In d been built by a wealthy ChUIneO for the use of Ihi countrymend. Clo?' to this building weas a hurial"ground, re the members of one family had ben buried for centuries. In the outer oPr;rt of the josebhouse were gigantio idols, among them their favourite hero, the general who took Formosa from the Dutch. On the right and left aides of the inner court were figures larger than life of t'oir :difiod heroes and sages. Opposite to the entrance of.the court atood a small temple built like a pHgoda, with a higlly.ornsmented roof. This building was especially intended foro femaln worahippers and those who sought to look into futurity, a' fortune.telling priesot boing there whbo by various means of diviuation, gae i answers to their inquiries. The temple con tained three gigantic .oddesses represented ir a sitting posture, called " the tbree precionn ones.'' To the right of the contre fi.ure sits the one most wor'hipped by female devotee', the "confercr of sons." At the first glance you are startled by the resemblence in atti tude and fasc of the goddess to some rude re presentations of the Virgin and child ; bilt when you look at the babe all similarity ceases. Instead of the obherub beauty that sculptors give to the infant Jesu', you see a frightful little imp ready to spring out of hib mother's arms. On leaving thbis temple we passed through an out-bhouse in which was a large tank, where fishermen bthrew their offerings, end also measures to eceive rue when presented to the gods. One of the priests showed us over their small garden and plucked us some flowers from m-nov myrtle. One old man. who looked erly venerable in ,is priest's white roobes, reqiested to look at our watches that be might see the time. ie then left to fetch his own, of which he was very proud. We saw him stop behind a pillar to regulate it. Ie then brought it in triumph, and duly showed us that his time was the same as our own. A oboris of " bo, ho's!" from the gentlemen, meaning very good, delighted the old man; and we told he always favoured strangere with a sight of this highly-prized ornament. We were then shown up a steep path out through the romks which led to an eminence frofu which we had a fine view of the country. The rock was shaded by trees, and a low wall ran round it. In the centre was a stone table that tradition says has stood there for eighteen hundred years. In the distance we saew the wail built by the Obinese to pro teot the harbour from the English invaders, who, however, preferred landing on the opposite side of the island, where there was no one to oppose them, crossed, and attacked the poor Celestials in the rear. We then went down to Aniner. It was the time when the evening meal for the gods was got ready. We had the pleasure of hearing the ringing of bells, the rattling of tin-cans, and the shaking of the gongs, that announced to them that supper was ready. B3t though the priests intoned a long invitation, the gods did not avail them selves of the good things prepared for them, and the josomen were obliged to take them further. Our bearers being thoroughly rested, we set out on our way home. As we wound our way round the bills, the numerous head stones gleamed in the brilliant moonlight. \VWe seemed to be passing through an end less cemetery. We mot several Chinese carried like ourselves; but though it was as light as day, they had all torch-bearere before them. Our return through the city was, if possible, less agreeable than our journey through it in the morning. The air was very hot, and the bad smells seemed to come out stronger. We passed by many sleepers who lay almost across the road, and made us fear that our bearers would tumble over them. Some, on account of the great heat, wore such light clothing that it was not visible to the passers-by. 'At length we reach home, after many shakes and fears. A day or two afterwards the weather was so threatening that a typhoon was anticipated, and the men-of-war had their top.masts taken ,down. . The wind was very boisterous, and outside the harbour vessels experienced bad weather. A? steamer trading between Amoy and longkong was caught ia the midst of the typhoon. She happily weathered it, though in the greatest peril for twenty-four hours, during which time not a drop of rain fell, and the sea was terriflo, repeatedly washing away the men from the wheel. Still? not one of'the crew lost their lives; but the poor Chinese passengers, when the sailbre were obliged to lighten the steamer by olearing the decke of their. luggage, saw it o'ast overboard, made no further effort' to preserve .their lives, and forty of them were swept away. Even those that 'the sailores kindly' lashed to the ship, when released leaped overbhoard, determined not to survive the loss of their property. We were invited to see the process of tea taesing at a tea-merohant's.? Oneo' ~of the firm was constantly employed in making' and tasting tea. We had been requested to bring some' that had been purchased in Rotterdam, as something very superior for the use of an invalid, but that had had the effeot of an emetic ,whenever taken. The teeaster weighed a small portion of the tea and placed it in a teapot that would' contain about half a teacupful of water. While the tea was infused a sand.glass was turned, and when the sand had run down the tea was poured into a tiny lamp, and the leaves were exanined , .To our eurpries and horror we were told that there was not a partiole of tea in the whole oomposition. :Ic was not even that delightful mixture made from the heaps of tea-lenvei thrown outside the Ohinese ted merchante' bouses, picked up, dirt and all, and dried and rubbed up With jasmin flowere. The tea-taster found himself unequal to taste our tee, telling us it was only fit for manure, andeaough to poison any one.who took it. In the true tea-leaf, when it has unfirled, there is always a faint ahade of green, and the, leaf is very muob like the rose-leaf, About the middle of August a great deal of rain fell.and stirred up the filth of Amoy, but unfortunately insuffioient to wash it away; and the rain being followed by great heat, caused a fever. The firat ease we hnead of waqs apoor Bankok woman, 'the wife 0r oaptain of a coaster then in bharbo,,' the name delirious and got out of ".r, who ho dow nod was' drowned . thle obian win •ions imineds to d. .At firet tee?uro a'tthe.ti '? ,at the fever would only their m, . .ese; but they soon found out ...ake, for nine out of tea of the entire !o ,.-.ation were laid up with it. Yet, with the exception of twb mandarinL (who wore ;ippdoed to? have been..overdoned by their Chinese physicians) we did not bear of the death of any. In the Otiinoose quartera bushi ness was almost stopped; in some shops the ouatomers wore waited dn by a poor old wo man hardly able to crawl, or a convalosoont olild; in otherse, the onustomers had to serve ihemeolves. In the house wherew we were stayling all the servants were attacked one aifter anothler. Wlihen the cook appeared with his hond bound up in an old dihliolothl (a ,esig ridl df ieidispostion ameong the Chinese) and twoy small holes punotured in his templos, the liras remedy used amoing tlleni groat was the oonsteornatiod of hl ins mistor and'mlroiseri bht haippily his illnoes wnaof' hotri, duration, and his.e anaioes wre .veory, slight, wheon ?'he rto turaed to thame,'for thebo entire h6tsohold w$a laid up for some days. We baen felt ominous msins in the limbs, but attributed them to any but the right cause, till one after another was taken-some with dreadful headaches, others aith retching, and all scarcely able to move for the rheumatic pains in the limbs. On the fourth day a rash came out, and the fever concluded with diarihma or bleeding at the nose. The children had it lighter than adul,. L'the only one capable of assisting Ius at all was the butler just out of the hospital and hardly able to move. Still he paid us every attention in his power, and because he had some trifling remuneration for his services during our stay, we bad to compel him to take a present on our leaving. The fever was so universal at one time that there were feels they would hiave to close the Chinese hospital for want of nurses. Throughout our illness our distress was greatly augmented by the horrible din made by the OChinese on instruments, the playing of which resembled the clatter made by rattling empty tin cases, the clash of gongs, and every otser kind of dreadful noise that 'thPey thuhtb terrible enough to scare away the demon who had caused the fever, quite unmindful that be would pay no heed to their effarts till they cleared away his abode in the heapls of filth before their doors. The weakened neives of one of our invalids, on recovering suffi. oiently to sit in the verandah, were muob die. turbed by the appearance of a white ship that bshe saw every morning and that at evening disappeared, a black ship taking its place. She began to think that the phantom was the creation of her own brain till she heard on inquiry the solution of the mystery. An eccentric captain whose wife preferred hisahip pIainted white whilet be liked it better black. To gratify both their tastes he had had his vessel on one side painted white and the o'tiler blank. Thoitrh much better at theend;of:. a week, our limbs were stiff and uuwieldy. I'T was a strange sight to see such nunih?rb';of people apparently lame. Few could sataodon their feet after sitting down for a while with. out an eff?rt or a groan. The clerke when they returned to their offices could nobt w'rite without stopping to rub their wrists. ,:R: In the beginning of September the 'north east mooanon set in with such violence. that the ships could not leave the harbour,, but in the coarse of a fortoight moderatedinnd quite a little fleet set sail, the black and white ship among the rest. 