EXTRAORDINARY TRIAL IN HUNGARY. A teiai, is at the present moment taking place at Szegedin, Hungury, the extraordinarily and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicnons place amongst the criminal records of all countries and epochs. The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds — their crimes and offences by thousands ; and the first arrests took place as far back as 186*0. The Lloyd of Pestli gives .an outline of the f-ase. under the title of the ' Proces Sandor ' — Sandor being the name of the chief of a band of malefactors whose depredations-and atroei- j ties- rendered thorn the terror of Szegedin and the surrounding district. According to the Pesth journal ever since lueu tne wnaDitants or Szegedin bad become so terrified in consequence of the daring ex ploits of Sander's band of brigands, that they locked and barred themselves in their houses every night at dusk, and dared not venture into the streets even during the day without being ai med .with revolvers and swordsticks. Robberies, irneendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day ; and the malefactors carried their audacity so far as to attack the diligences in the open day, and in the very midst of the town itself. For a long time the criminals escaped, while numbers of innocent inhabitants were arrested on suspicion ; and it was under these circumstances that M. de Raday was sent as a royal commissioner to Szegedin, charged with full powers, and having at his disposition the forces and the re sources necessary to put an end to a state of things sn deplorable and alarming. M. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin, bnt the whole comitat and surrounding districts were infested by formidable ** companies of brigands, whose or ganisation was complete and their circle of action defined. When one of these companies was not sufficiently numerous to carry ont a daring enterprise assistance was lent by the other companies. Two of these bands of brigands, leagued together, not long ago succeeded in entering the cellars of a bank, and in carrying the immense safe into the street ; they failed, however, in getting it into a cart which they had brought for the purpose, and found themselves compelled to abandon their valuable booty. The safe was found intact at the door of tbe bank on the fol lowing morning, and the operation had been canqed oi without any one's attention having been called to i , or without any one daring to give tbe alarm. After oarfifnl and minute inquiries, the Royal Commissioner found, to his amazement, that a number of adminis trative and judicial functionaries were acting as accomplices of the various bands of brigands — that ?even the titled nobilities of the district acted as receivers of the stolen property. A number of these ?companies were soon tracked!, and several of the bandits were arrested and given up to justice. It was then found that the police sgpnts were in league -with tlie malefactors. At Szegedin a commissary of police, two judges, four employees of the Treasury, and 46 detectives were arrested as being implicated in tbe depredations of the bands. Crimes have been brought to light which were perpetrated thirty years ago ; and an old man of 70 was condemned some short time a go for a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. The novel peculiarly 'psycholo/ji- cal *' system pursued by the royal commissioner in older to find out the guilty parties among the hun dreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confinement; and their eyes bound, in order to prevent any signs usually resorted to, by accomplished thieves. ' Com panions in captivity,1' totally unknown to them, were placed in the sanie cells, who soon insinuated them selves into the confidence of the prisoners, stadied theircharacters,madethemselvesacquainted with their secrets, and used all tlieirefforts tobringabout a fullcon fession. With regard to Sandor, the royal commis sioner himself succeeded in . getting a full and com plete avowal of his crimes by adopting -tactics of a most ingenious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputation, and to he in the habit of looking down upon his less da -ing accomplices as mere ' purloiners of chickens.' M. de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees be fore his fellow-prisoners — the small fry of the band — whose instructions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken-stealer like tnem themselves. me ruse was perfectly successful, the proud Sandor's 'honor' was mortally wounded, and the ' brigand king*' {as he loved to style himself) immediately en tered into a full confession of his long series of crimes, as well as those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal commissioner in the case of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor, was this : Bajdor is known to be exceedingly superstitious; he is charged with having committed two murders, and insists upon asserting his innocence. One even ing the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows : — ' John Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your ac count ; the ghost of Peter Brodri, whom you assassi nated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt and torment me until such time as I shall have put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own necn. un saying mis me examing magistrate threw a rope round Bajdor's neck, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At mid night John Bajdor, who had slept soupdly, notwith standing his fifty-nine crimes, jumped up affrighted, and rushed towards the door of the prison, crying for help. This was the moment the examining .magistrate had anxiously awaited ; he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to hav ing murdered Brodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a num ber of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they committed ; all the malefactors arres ted, it must not be forgotten, are kept in utter ignor- j ance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetration of such or such a crime ; they were simply asked to give an account of any offence of which they mieht acknowledge themselves guilty. By this means b number of crimes have bepn brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szegedin must have been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of the cases which are now being tried before a specially ap pointed court When the royal commissioner first arrived at Szegedin, there were 150S criminal charges to be heard ; a little later 500 more charges were made : and when the royal commission had termi . 1 .. I. a? ? OCA ? L tA Imllf mtea its auue8,»auireMi cases w«cuiuuguvwi«fiu», making in all nearly 3000 crimes of the gravest char acter. Of this total, 1000 judgments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments have been confirmed on appeal. The crimes and offences discovered by the royal commission amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &e.; (the cases of robbery alone exceeding 4000). The erection of the new residence for the Gover nor is being rapidly proceeded with, upwards of one hundred mechanics and labourers being employed on the works. The stock of building materials accumu lated on tbe ground is very large, and will serve to [ give some idea of the magnitude of the structure that is to be built. Especially noticeable are the stacks of deals, which give the place the appearance of a timber merchant's yard, the saw mill erected by the contractors favouring the idea. The mill power is supplied by the steam engine that also works the Chilian mill used for grinding and mixing all the tmm mortar that is used. The foundations of the build er jng, all built of rubble bluestone, were completed some months since, and are good specimens of that description of work. In the basement story, of which thev form the walls, are ranges of cellars of considerable extent, and also the servants hall and other apartments. Extending over these will be the state apartments, comprising drawing and dining rooms, and tbe ballroom with supper and other rnnms attached thereto. The ballroom will be a | noble hall, 137 ft. 6 in. Iqpg, 51 broad, and 40 feet * to the top of the walls. At present the walls of this portion of the building are up only about 5 feet. The walls of the suite of private apartments are raised 8 or 9 feet, and will soon be ready for laying the floor ing joists for the upper stor^. The grand entrance hall, leading to the grand staircase, gives promise of being very ornate, 'and the cores of eight columns that it will contain have already an imposing effect, i The kitchen, scullery, and outoffices, which are built on two sides of a courtyard, are ina very for ward state, all the roofing timbers being up, Mid the slaters about to commence covering them in. The chimney stacks of these buildings are carried, to a considerable height, and finished with cement in a very ornamental style. . The whole of this part of the building will be covered in and in the hands of the plasterers and carpenters very_ shortly, but the state apartments and the private residence will not be ready for roofing in before several months have elapsed. The vastness of the intended pile may- be judged of from the extent of ground on which it is rising, the area being about two acres. Progress is also being made with the laying out of .the grounds surrounding the vice-regal residence, and the out lines of new walks, drives, and beds for cultivation appear in all directions. His Excellency Sir G. F Bowen, accompanied' by Lady Bowen, has already been over the works and- cursorily inspected the plans, and will probably ' pay another visit before long. — Age. 1 Insolvent SqztatteS. — Charles Hugh Lyon, of Ballanee station, near Ballan, squatter. Compulsory « ~ . i ? ? 1y,oa sequestration* uaases ot insolvency: iuc woo.w 25,000 sheep in the drought of 1869, the sale to him of 12,000 sheep by the London and Australian Agency Corporation, which sheep proved to . be scabby ; by being thereby deprived of the profits of a firsfc.class fattening run during the two best seasons ever known ; the refusal of the corporation to allow com pensation for tbe said loss, and, when, an action was commenced for 12,000 damages against the corpor ation, the taking, out of a debtor's - summons on a 'current -account. liabilities .{exclusive of debt of £0382 4s. 2d. proved by the London and Australian Agency Corporation), £21,236 3s. 2d.; assets, 4137,297 j surplus, £6060 16s. lOd. Mr Levinson, assigne?. Cleopatea's Needce. — Efforts are still being made for the purpose of inducing the British Gov ernment to take possession of the famous monu ment known as Cleopatra's Needle, which was pre sented to King George IV. by Mehemet Ali, and now lies buried in the sand on the banks of the Nile. Plans have been prepared, and were recent ly submitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, by which Cleopatra's Needle could be transported from its present position and placed on any site along the Thames enbankment for about .£15,000. Intebesting Experiment. — Professor Boussin gault, in the Annales de Chimie et du Physique for August, records a series of experiments, founded on the old experiment on the Florentine Academicians of bursting an iron vessel by the freezing of water, which fully prove that if the vessel in which the water is enclosed be strong enough to resist tbe ex pansive force of the water in the act of oongelation, the water will remain fluid at the lowest tempera tures to which it may be exposed. Not Bab. — Upon the marriage of Miss Wheat of Virginia, an editor hoped that her path might he flowery, and that she might never be thrashed by her husband. On 3rd March, Julian Goldsmid, in the British House of Commons, put the question of which he gave notice the previous week with regard to the excess of the Geneva award over the actual losses sustained by the United States, and what steps had been taken to procure a remission of excess. Mr Gladstone, replied that he was glad to have an oppor tunity of correcting a prevalent mistake. The American Govern ment, he said, had claimed six mil j lion pounds damage, but the Geneva Tribunal had awarded little more than half that amount. The Tri bunal had, under the terms of the Treaty of Washington, the choice of two methods of pay ment — the one the reimbursement of individual loss, and the other the award of the gross sum. It decided to adopt the latter course, and, following the precedents, her Majesty's Government could not go behind that decision. The explana tion was received with cheers. D^.-rv H7 ? TIT'aL ? j. AMjAu- n AiiSKiiNu ? vv ixu respect to the new plkn of watering streets with the aid of chemicals the follow ing has appeared in the Echo: — u Chemistry has lent its aid to the problem of watering the streets in London, and Mr. Cooper has pro posed a device which practically amounts to making them to a great extent water themselves. His plan is to use a weak solution of deliquescent salts — that is to say, salts which have the power of at tracting to themselves the moisture present in the atmosphere. The roads watered with this solution dry very slowly, and recover con-, siderable dampness at night, In this way one cartload of water can be made to do the work of five or six, thus securing a great saving in water just at the times when econo my is most desirable. The wear j and tear of carts is also saved, as well as much labour of horses and men. There is also additional ad vantage in the fact that by water ing a road on Saturday night we shall provide against dust during the Sunday. Incidentally, too it happens, that the salts employed have the property of fixing the ammonia which arises from any or ganic components of the mud. The plan is being tried, and is said to be successful, but 4 vested interests' are said to be strongly opposed to it in some parts.'' A New Science — Hydroscopy. — i The following letter, which appears in the Mining Journal under the signature of ' Leon Jour'hui, hydro logist, Linden House, Twickenham, will probably be read with interest : — ' Allow me, by the present letter, to direct the attention of your read- i ers to a modern and yet imperfect ly known science, the applications of which have considerable prac tical importance, and are not de void of interest to the reading pub lic at large. I refer to the science whose object consists in studying the subterranean waters, the kinds | of ground where they are to be found, their flowing, tlie physical; laws that rule their abundance 'jar scarcity, and their depth. The cir cumstances which accompany the circulation of water on the surfacf; ; of the earth have been thoroughly studied, but. few persons have sur mised what becomes of the rain- ; water absorbed by the soil, and still fewer have tried to account for it. A Frenchman, however, named ' Paramelle, resting his researches on sound geological knowledge, devot ed himself to the solution of this 1 problem, and to the applications of tlie principles he had discovered by long experience. The science is now complete; it has received a name — Hydroscopy, or Subterra nean Hydrology — and its applica tions are perfectly definite. Among these we must place in the first rank the discovery of springs and selection of well sites. Let the reader think of the immense prac tical benefits it is possible to reap from such a science; hoty: iriany;' towns j villages, and private j estates are deprived of water, or obliged to get it from remote places at an enormous expense. At this time so great a deprivation is no longer ir remediable. W ithin easy access of every village, almost of ev ery hotise, and generally at a little depth be low the surface of the soil, there ex ists subterranean streams of water. By a simple digging (indicated af ter a thorough survey of the place, and not by the aid of those clever divining rods that have madeso many duped) 'one can ehannel out these: hidden streams, and make them flow an the surface ; or else a well can be sunk on their course, and the place formerly deprived of wat er will become abundantly supplied with it. Is there any science which deserves more to be studied ? One may oppose that these are mere theories, and that practise may considerably lessen down such expectations. To this I will re ply that Paramelle has discov ed over 9,500 springs, that his dis ciples who are not less successful than he was, continue illustra ting by facts the excellence of the: method. I might add long devel opments about the applications of the science referred to, but fear I should be ' intruding too much on your columns. I conclude, there fore, trusting that you will judge the subject worthy of public attention, and, on ' this account, admit these few remarks.' A Novel Use foe Paper.— Rail- way carriages have of late so- often crumpled up like bits of paper that it is not surprising to hear there is a prospect of their being furnished with paper wheels. The Philadel phia Ledger mentions that a Con necticut railway is about to'make a trial of paper car wheels under the forward truck of their locomotives. These wheels are costly, but run safely and easily. They have been known for some time to carbuilders, but their introduction into general J use has been prevented by the ex pense. oneets ol common straw paper are forced into a compact mass by a pressure of 350 tons. The mass of paper is turned perfect ly round, and by a pressure , of 25 tons a hub is forced into a hole in the centre. The paper wheel, by a pressure of 250 tons, is next forced into a steel tire, with a. quarter of an inch bevel upon its inner edge. Two circular iron plates are then bolted on to the tire to keep the paper filling in place. By this ar rangement the steel tire rests upon tiie paper only and partakes of its elasticity. It is stated that these wheels wear longer then those of any other description, injure 'the tracks less, and run with less ; noise. In the event of their being adopt ed in ordinary vehicles, paper wheels will no doubt cdmo lritd; 1 ? n 1 't 1 ' il general use m l^ngiana, wnere tne vast amount of waste paper in our possession will render their manu facture comparatively economical. It is by no means impossible that the Speaker's carriage may before long run Parliamentary . Beturns, and the cabs rattle through the streets upon the old edition of Mr-. Bruce's Regulations. | A Buried City. — Traveller's] tales are proverbially to be taken with salt, and we must pause be fore accepting as gospel the won drous accounts that come to us of the remains of vast cities on the plains of Arizona ; yet, where there is so much smoke there is sure to be some fire, and the subject is interest ing and important enough to war rant examination, if only to deter mine how far the evidence in hand squares with probable facts. The story told by Colonel W. T. Roberts^ \ and printed on the 19th of Deceni ber in the Denver News, is we may observe, substantially the same as that told by several explorers be^ fore. The reports concur in declar-* ing that in remote parts of Arizona^ there exists well-preserved and ex tensi^ruins, which are assumed to be tliose of once populous cities. Colonel Robert's city covers about three square miles. It is surround ed by a wall of sandstone ' neatly quarried and dressed,' 1 0 feet or 12 feet thick, and originally — judg- ing by the talus — 15 feet or 20 feet high. Within are the walls of houses, temples, and markets, all of solid stone, and showing excellent masonry. These walls bear num erous hieroglyphics, cut deeply 'in to the stone. The whole of the ruins, like most of those of the Or ient, the more especially those of Arabia and Assyria* are more or less buried in tlie sand. According to the account, this city is some ninety miles from the boundary be tween Utah and Arizona, and an equal distance from the Western Colorado line. Its situation can* therefore, be precisely determined on the maps. By these it proves to be close to the desert ,and, in truth, environed by extensive sandy plains. If the hieroglyphics of Arizona contain further information respecting4 the Deluge and its con sequences the.arehseological impor tance of the discovery can hardly be over estimated. It may be worth while for our Government to send out, at an appropriate time, a com petent expedition to examine and report on the new found wonders of Arizona — wonders that in their his toric and ethnological relations may prove of greater importance than even the natural phenomena which have lately gained for that territory the fame of being, perhaps, the most extraordinary spot on the face of the earth.— New York Times. The Bratteboro' Phoenix tells this story : — Clark Warren and Son, of Halifax, Vt., have in their orch ard two trees, which bear apples partly sweet and partly sour, pro duced by budding. In once case two b««ls, the one sweet and the other sour; were cut in halves, and sweet and sour united to form one bud ; and on this tree the apples are each one half sweet and one half sour. In the other case the bud was formed of quarters, two sweet and two sour, the sour being a Rhode Island Greening, and the sweet a variety of smaller size. On this tree the apples grow with ridges, tbe sweet portion lying between the ridges, on the smaller portion of apple. Specimens of these apples have been received at the Phosnix office. We have lately tested an apple of this kind, grown in the Granite State. The following advertisement ap pears in a Canadian paper : u Will the gentleman who stole my melons last Saturday night be generous enough to return me a few of the .seeds as they are a choice variety ?' A Welsh orator recently remark ed, in a fine peroration, ' Innocence is like an. umbrella : when once we have lost it we can never hope to see it again.' How Buildings can be made Fire proof. — A sufferer from fire writes to the Boston Advertiser While | our daily papers have been printing any amount of suggestions from their numerous correspondents, it seems to me they have as yet left un touched one of the most valuable appliances yet discovered. * It is well-known fact, certainly substa^Sj tiated by this time to our sorrowj that a steam fire- engine cannm! throw a stream of water to the^Qp of our five and six storey bmlcLings, that is to have any effect upon a fire than otherwise to add a further supply of oxygen, which is but add ? r i i' ii . n ? r mi. ? r ? ing luei VQjMiQ names. ± nereiore, while our people will still continue to buiIH their high buildings, for land costs but little in the air, it be hoves us to fipdr #-me means by which water can be conveyed to tliese immense heights, and not only conveyed there,. but to see the same economically and well distributed , after it is there. Now, to**do this we must adopt in our large ware houses the same appliances that #e use in our mills and factories, vizlf^ a series of perforated pipes or sprink lers, carried afcmg the ceiling of each room, and also upon the roots, with a^iaies of vertical solid pipes leading from same to ground floor, with a separate cock for each room. Now in the case of fire let the steam fire-engine attach theiii#ose to the j pipe leading t0 thie. .J00m on fire, ] turn vour -tfee water in stead useless waste . ope/nceasle, is taken .well i^llB^y its natural oonduc tor, forced up to the room wliere it is required, there to * be as equally ^^ll ^ the distributing per of water to one spot, and perhaps scattering the. fire to other parts of the room, but like a gentle rain striking every inch of the room at the same moment. What can be more effectual than this ? How is it possible for a fire to gain any headway in a building protected in this way ? I think all will agree with me that had those buildings on j Summer-street been provided with ! ' sprinklers,' Boston to-day would ! not be in mourning for her best1 warehouses. This is no new ap pliance, but can be traced back to the time of Nero when it was used by the ancients for the extinguish ing of fires. Next a celebrated clergyman of England in 1790, made it the subject of several lec tures. Then in 1832, we hear of it in this country as being adopted by the Lowell Mills, and as a proof of its success they will tell you that their i nsurance has cost them but one-tenth of one per cent a year for all that time. And, to come nearer home, the insurance company of Boston that insure all our mills, in suring now about five hundred, I believe, have advocated the sprink lers for the last twenty years, and by so doing our insurance has cost us but one-quarter to one-half of one per cent a year.' Government Monies. — A case of robbing the police court occurred the other day at Mudgee. There ought to be secure safes at tached to police offices, as very often large sums are paid in to Clerks ot Petty Sessions after Bank hours, which they are therefore obliged to -keep until next morning — there ought, therefore, to be a secure place to keep it in. List of Unclaimed Letters lying at the Hay Post Office, for the week ending April 22 : — Joseph Archer^ J. Burgess, Thomas Baxendale, Mrs. David Bell, W. Campbell, G. Dixon, J. Dawson, Thomas Daly, E. Ed wards, John Finnegan, L. Garot, Chas. Bos ton, John Hedieb, E. King, Neil M'Kinnon, P. Matthews (4) W. Norman, (Registered) Annie Nortle, fid ward Owen, F. H. Nixon, Joseph Prior, W. Parr, W. H. Page, J. Price, G. Hoad, D. W. Simmonds, R. Smith, Mrs. Tipping, JF. Williams. Postage and duty stamps on sale. R. S. Arnott, Postmaster. 