píteW SOUTH WALES , l PARLIAMENT. I LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, NovKMUim 25. Tub Spbakeu took tho chair at twenty-nine minutes pa«t 4 o'clock. ! ' THE WINDEYER BENCn. Mr. O'CONNOR asked tho Colonial Secretory,-" 1. Is' it tho fact that Mr. William Mulholand, J.P., of Windeyer, who!was complainant in a cortnin causo, took his seat on the )Vindeyer Bench, on Saturday, 13th September last, and postponed, without consulting tho defendant, his (Mr. Mnllioland's) own caso, until Siùurday, 'tho 20th Septem- ber ¡j 2. Is it tho faot that tho said Mr. William Mulholand, J.P.I, again presided as a magistrate in his own cobo, ou Saturday, 20th September, when tho dofondant was not present, and again postponed the said caso until Saturday, 4th October last ? ' 3.- Will tho Honomblo tho Colonial Secretory cnuso a copy of tho proceedings taken boforo Mr. Mulholand, J.P., in his own ease, to be laid upon the Ublo of tho House *"' ,...!,. - , 'Mr. PARKES said' tho question of tho hon', mombor necessitated a communication with the. Bench at Wiudayor, and a communication was made as soon as notice of tho question was given ; but, as ho understood thoro wore only two mails a week to Windeyer, it was not likely that the information would reach too Colonial Secretary's ofllco before the end of this week to enablo tho question to be answered. ' . PLATELAYERS AND REPAIRERS-GREAT.. - NORTHERN RAILWAY. Mr. BURNSasked tho Secretary for Pubtio Works,-" Ii it true thit tho platelayers and repairers of tho Great Nórthorn Railway aro compolled by tho regulations to'walk tho entire length of their districts at least once on evory Sunday, and that they* receive no remuneration or allow anco for tho' service I" 2. If so, is it tho'intention of the Government to toko tho fact into consideration in adjusting tho wages for tho eight-hour system ?" ' ' '. Mr. SUTHERLAND said that all the gaugors on tho Government railways had to walk over their respective' lengths on Sundays, and this was token into consideration in fixing their rate of wages. 2. Tho reduction in the hoars of labour had already been made. ' i THE LUSKINTYRE BRIDGE. Mr. BURNS asked tho Minister for Works, without notice,-" Whether ho had consulted theEng¡Loer-in-Cliiof in referenco to tho lovel of Luskintyre bridge." He had been informed by a communication from local residents that thero was somo apprehension that the lovel of tho bridge would be too high, and ho wished to know whother the < hon. gentleman had consulted Mr. Bennett or some .oiher engineer as to whether the lovel of tho bridge vraa a proper one ?, Mr. SUTHERLAND said that representations were rondo by tho bon. member and somo other gentleman residing in tho district that the bridgo was being built too high.. He had consulted tho Engineer for Roads, who had a different opinion, and tho bridgo would bo built in ac^ oordanco with the plana and specitigatipua.»*-*1-' o'""10" man- T«,-__-_-oOttN VOLUNTEERS. ^.i. LiUCAS asked the Colonial Secretory, without notice,-" What steps tho Govornmout had token in refer- ence to a resolution of that Houso on tho Goulburn Volun- teer Bille;.." Mr. PARKES said ho found that through on omission tho motion itself was incompleto, and therefore not having been transmitted to the Govornor, nothing had boen dono. PETITIONS. Mr. DRIVER presented a petition signed by 2257 citi- . zens of Sydnoy against the Pormissivo Liquor Bill, and a potition signed by 2166 colonists'of New South Wales to tho same effect Mr.' BUCHANAN prosontcd a petition from W. H. Bedell, representing that tho property of a man nanud C. Galouski,late storekeeper at Gruufell, who had hóceme of unsound mind, had been disposed ot, and praying for in quiiVjiuto the matter. The iietitions wore received. ¡LEE'S PARTITION AND SALE BILL. Mr. LACKEY brought up the report of the select com- mittee on Leo's Partition and Sala Bill. < It vi as ordered that tho documents bo printed, and tho second reading was mado an order of tho day for Tuesday next. ' THE AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOCK BANK. Mr.'BURNS moved,-"1. That tho Australian Joint Stock Bank Act Continuation Bill be referred toa seloct committee for inquiry und report. 2. That such committee, consist of Mr. G. A. Lloyd, Mr. Grahame, Mr. Moses, Mr. Oakes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Macintosh, Mr. Lee, Mr. Combes, and the mover." Carried. BOUNDARIES OF MARKET-PLACE, HYDE PARK, &c.; Mr. MACINTOSH moved,-" That thoro bo laid upon the labio of this Houso-1. A copy of the ordor or pro- clamation issued by L. Macquarie, Esq., and dated Octobor 6, 1810, sottingforlh the boundaries of the ' Markot-place,' 1 H) do Park,' ' Maequarie-placo,' 'Market Wharf,' aud the names and descriptions ot the various streets, &c;", in the town of Sydney, as described in plan, 2. Copios of any grants that may ha\c been made by L. Macquario, Esq., lo any person or persons in trust for tho use of tho inhabi ? tanta of Sj duoy of tho ' Market-place,' ' Hydo Park,' ' Macquaric-plaec,',' Sydnoy Common, ' Market Wharf,' or other portions of land sot apart for the uso or recreation of tho inhabitants of Sjdnoy. 3. A copy of tho proclamation made by L. Macquarie, Esq., and dated OotoDorfi, 1811, setting forth tho boundaries of the Sydney Common, and promising a grant of the samo to bo held ' ia trust for the benefit of tho present und ¡til succeeding inhabitant) of Sydney.'" Carried. SURVEY OF LANDS. Mr. GARRETT moved,-" That thoro bo laid on tho tablo of this House-1. A return showing tho number of applications for tho snrvoy of lands to bo put up by auction since tho 1st January, 1870, to 31st October lost 2. Tho number of lots surveyed and offered at auction for same period. 3. Tho number of such lots sold whon ottered. I. The number of such lots conditionally purchased before offered for salo at auction and after, respectively during same period. 5. Tho number of such lots Boleotcd at tho upset price without conditions of residence and improve- ment. 6. The number of such lots remaining unsold at 31st Octobor last 7. Tho averogo cost per acre of survey- ing such lands."-Carried. CORRESPONDENCE ON THE APPOINTMENT OF CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. BUCHANAN moved,-" 1. That since tho corres- pondence between tho Colonial Secretary and tho late Attorney-General, in reference to tho appointment of Chiof Justice,* has been published, honorable members of this Houso, have hadan opportunity of carofully.perusing it, and that, while highly approving of tho appointment of Sir James Martin, in their opinion tho correspondence referred to discloses conduct on tho part of tho Colonial Secetary towards his colleague the Attorney-General un- worthy and discreditable, and deserving of tho censuro of this Houso r1 2. That tho abovo resolution be convoyed by address to his Excellency tho Governor." Ho believed I ovory hon. member would agree with him that all who j perused tho correspondence, must have received, a shock, ' and that, when they contemplated tho oxtraordinsry I v.ay in which 60 high a functionary as tho I Attorney-General was decaivcd and misled, tho extra- 1 ordinary way in which tho promise so honourably, as it I m ero, and bo faithfully given, was as dtslioiirably brokon, there was not a singlo member in that Houbo who would not think that tho integrity of tho public lifo of this country was outraged when they contemplated all th's treachery and falsehood emanating from a person in so high a position. So strongly did ho foul thin, that in jimtico to tho integrity and character of tho Parliament ho felt it their* botindcn duty to plico som« record of their censuro of such conduct on tho pro- ceedings, and that they should not delay it, but do it promptly, in jimtico to tho character, and for tho Biko of, tho public lifo of tho country. Ho believed bon. members could havo no c\cnpo for considering tho matter. It cuno beforo them in tho shnpo of a Parliamentary dooumont, sent to thom, wherein tho correspondence was published. It was, therefore, essentially and necessarily before tho Houeo; and it was high tinio tho IIouso, if it made any proteneiona to character, honosty, or integrity, should stop forward and emphatically ox press its opinion upon fliloli misconduct as tho correspondence disclosed. Ho thought that, on rending tho correspondence,!!« first impression lion, members must havo lind was, that tho Premier could only haye a casual acquaintance with the lato Attornoy-Genornl. That wns the impression dcrivablo from a careful perusal of (hose letters. But what was tho fact. Tho Colonial Secretary lind known tho lion, member for Argyle for I twenty years as intimately as ono man could know another. Ha had been his warm, steadfast, and ardent friond. Ho had seen him riso to tho very first rank as a pmctitionor at | the Bar. Ho had seen him maintain for yeirs a loading position at tho Bar of this country. Ho quostioned very much whether for tho last half-dozen vonrs any man had bein making a larger incomo at tho Bar than tho lato Attorney-Genoral. Tho Colonial Secretary know thal his late colleague lind risen to bo ono of tho leaders of tho Bar, and ho know all this, not only from report, but ho had seen it himself, and ho had overy reason to concludo that no gentloman would havo attained that positiou without having pussosscd in thojvery highest degreo all the legal acquirements that .would havo fitted him for tho vory highest legal position in tholnnd. But, further, when tho bon. gontlomnu bocamo Premier of this colony, tho first gentleman whom ho selected for tho high and honourable position of Attornoy General was itho bon. member for Argylo ; and, having entrusted bira.with that position, ovory bon. member in i thal House would agreo that1 tho passages in that lotter of ,tho 5th November whlsh related to tho dis- qualifications of tho hon. moinber for Argyle' wore both unfounded and insincero. Tho Colonial Soorotary had appointed tho hon. member for Argylo to Hiol position of Attorney-General - a position quite as important as that of tho Chief Justice, if not moro so, for tho Allomoy-Gcnoral, besides his,other duties, had to perform the functions of Grand Jury, which required all tho learning and impartiality of tho judicial pfllco, and that in the highest dooroo. Thero thoy had the Premier, with all thiB knowledge-and with all thoBe proofs of tho capacity and qualifications of tho lato Atternoy-Gonoral, ho would nsk bon. members to say with what truth and justlco tho Colonial Sccrotaiy could pen that most inhuman lottor of tho 6th November"? It was tho most 'cold-blooded and callous pieco of injustice that had over boon perpetrated under tho sun. [Mr. J, ROBERT- SON : Hear, hear.] With all his knowledge of thoj qualifications' of tho lato Attomoy- Gonoral, when this important office, becamo vacant, what did tho Colonial Secretary do F Tho lato Attornoy-Gonoral neithor directly, nor indirectly mado any application for this ofilco, in any possiblo way, but when it becamo vacant tho Premier went out of his way to make a personal call at tho chambers of D10-bon., member for Argylo, and announced te him that, as tho oflico of Chief Justlco had becomo vacant, ho had como to tender it to him, and oflbr it to him. And ho did 1 so tender it and offer it, and ho would bIiow that this was so out of tho Colonial Secretary's own month. How over tortuous and slimy the^wnys of tho Premier might bo ho could not wrigglo put of thiB., He shook hands with the i Into Attorncy-Genoral, and congratulated him as the successor to tho Chief Justice. Then there wns " another meeting in which ho shook hands with him again, and [aoRured him that ho would novcr stand fn his way. Ho congratulated tho lato Attornoy-Gcnoral, and led him to be- lieve that it was a thing'soltled beyond tho possibility of alteration. They had four interviews, and in nil of these ' ho left tho Attornoy-Gcncral under no other impression than thnt he had been offcreel tho Chiof Justiceship, and that'thcro wns no possibility of that being altered. Up to tho 6th November tboro was no word or communication be- tween thom to disturb this decision, and the At- torney- General wont about his ordinary ' affairs under the full conviction that tho Colonial Secre- tary had deliberately assured him that ho should succeed Sir Alfred Stephen in tho office of Chiof Justice, und that nothing' could alter it so far as human events were concerned. What, then, would lion, members think of the man who, after that, could pen that cold- blooded letter of the Stli Novombsr ? A lottor so trrachorous, contcmptiblo, and bo calculated to miso tho disgnst of over)- right-tbinliing man ntlvo. It net only broko nil those faithful proniii.es, but cast to tho winds 'everything that! binds man to man with a recklessness that it was impossible to express. The Colonial Secretary not only did (this, but ho added insult to injury by , misrepre- sentations ' of such n kind as led to tho Tioliof that tho ¡Premier did not himself bellovo one word ho had ¡said. Ifo would now read that lottor of the fltir No\ ember, which was a monument of the infamy «f the' Colonial Secretary's conduct, such that it would bo difficult for him to miso a moro conspicuous ono. [Tho bon. member hore read 'ho letter, addressed by Mr. Purjtos to Mr. 'Butler, on tho 6th Novombcr.] That lottor odmitterl 1 that there was nn objection to tho late Attorney-Gen"'1'6 | faith. A Roman Catholic gentloman of influor^.^'18 rc" feurdto. Ho would give £10,000 if ho hadr°i.iorbonl,mo ot tlint Roman Ciitholio gentleman. WH""«" «person in existwicoP [Mr. GARRETT : V¡> lfl>m,°1 «V t1»? Kiama gho<t] If ho did civo hÍB*¿in>2T.lt1woul<l bo B'von back to him, 'becauco that B-«"» Cntholtc gentloman had no existence Ho took eVP''01' to tílnl le,tor otl n variety of. ways. He objected te*1 *or 'tB cruelty nniI inhumanity, and bccauEO its slatc"'""1''1 ^iti no foundation. On tho con- trary the fact»','ou"d justify tho very opposite conclusion. Would an»- * renner in any part of tho known globo havo all wccVla Pul>lie '° como und soizo him in his closet, in ¿is ¿?"»'erial room, everywhere, und dictate to him who wn««o Lo appointed to this great ofilco. Who woro thoao pjilcmcn that woro bettor qualified to judeo of the quali- fications of tho lato Attorney-General ? What wore tho 'grounds of their belief't Who would venture to say, that m point of legal qualifications, learning, or largo practico, tho late Attorney-General wns -not equal to tho boat among tho gentlemen at tho Bar for such office. Ho protested against this interference with tho Premier as n degradation to his office.- They had nover yot had the real cauEos that had influenced the Premier to make this appointment. It was patent as the sun at noonday that bo attempted to clonk them up by eery possible dence. Tho persons of whom the Premior spoko told bim « hat ho know to bo n filecbood, and ho had allowed that falsohood to carry bim oven bojond his own conviction of truth. As to1 tho Bar, ho thought tho late Attornny-Gonernl bad stated correctly what was their viow in giving tho sUte niontjof Mr. Darloy, who said that it the Bar woro polledi tho majority would havo been in favour of Sir James Martin; but that if the Colonial Secretary had boan faithful to bis promises, and tho late Attomoy-Gonoral had bcLn appointed, thora was not ono member of tho Bar who would not hove acquiesced in the appointment; and ¿ot ono but who would havo thought it un appoint- ment! advantageous to tho voiy bost interests of justice. Tho last paragraph of tho letter stated that nil his (the Premier's) colleagues were unfavourable te tho appoint- ment of Mr. Buller. Why wera not those, colleagues on their .feet to toll them so!' .They found in olhor pal te of the correspondence that tho Colonial Secretary trampled on his colleagues,. 'and said thal h« would not bo over-ruled .by thom. But ho denied that i all the colleagues of tho Premier were un- favourable to Mr. Butler. Neno of them know anything of tho promise mado by tho Promior to tho late Attorney - General, for they had not boen consulted. Ho was sorry they bud not tho present Attornoy-Gcnoral hero. Ho had sonic« prétentions to tho, character of n refined gentleman. Ho would ask that hon. gentleman if ho did not foal the samo dipgruco that ho and tho country folt at tho dishonour ohio conduct of tho Premier. Tho present Attorney General knew of tbesodishonourably circumstances, and yoi ho had nat tho honour to wash his hands of a Ministry that pcrpetiated such things. Ho would booner bo a toad, and livo upon the vapours of a dungeon, than bo a Minister upon tuch terms. (Laughter.) Th¡3 was tho disgracoful letter of tho 5th of November. Mr. FORSTER : It ¡b very amusing. Mr. BUCHANAN said that it would 1 bo amusing if it wcro not so tragical. But tho colleaguos of tho Premier had reaped tho fruits of dishonour and falsehood, and thoy would fink into a deeper depth of degradation. In reply to that letter of tho 6th of Novombor tho lato Attorney Grnenil sent-not a tortuous, dosigning, and deceitful lotter, but a straightforward, candid, direct expression of his thoughts. There was no running away with'him from tho direct'question at issue. In that letter, after referring to what had taken placo on tho subject, the late Attornoy Gcnoral said in the losf. paragraph:-"Until I received your letter I was not aware that my colleagues woro opposed to my'appointment, with perhaps one exception. I was, iu fact/left under tho contrary impression." Ho know that there were nisny bon. members of this House who also were under a contrary impression. The Premier, when it suited his purposes, ignored his colleagues altogether, and said ho would not bo overruled by them on this important mattor; but when it did not suit his purposo, ho said, " How can I givo this appointment ; my colleagues are opposed to it ; I have been arguing with them, and trying ty reason thom out of their opposition." Lothon. members study this conduct of tho Colonial Secretary if thoy wanted to got a lesson on insincerity. It was a melancholy exhibition, calculated to sink and to lower human nature. In what, on tho other hand, was the conduct of tho late Attornoy-Goneral to bo condemned ? After having boen promised the position of Chief Justice three or four times without asking for it, ho denied, as bad bfen alleged by the Colonial Secretary, that tho bon. and learned gentleman was in any way incon- siderate in looking for tho fulfilment of tho promises mado to him, for no ono dared como forward ana say that ho was unfit to hold the office Then thoy had the reply of the Colonial Secretary dated the 8th of Novombor. Tho Colonial Secretory statoa in tho lottor that ho had nover doubted tho high personal and professional qualifi- cations of tho then Attorney-General. The bon. gentle- man must havo held that high opinion of tho Attomey Gencral's professional and personal qualifications at the timo ho was allowing himself to bo humbugged by all thoas nondescripts who called upon him ; and ho outraged his own convictions in deference to them. If the Colonial Secretary never doubted his Attornoy- Gonoral's personal and professional qualltie.it ¡ous, how o uno ho to allow thoso who Mero not responsible for tho appointmont to push him out of tho way, and allow thom virtu illy to mike tho iippumtmont ? Tho lato Attot.ioy- Gottenil stated tint ho bolicvcd that nil bia colloa^uos but ono worn favourablo 'o his appointment. Yot, tho Colonial Secret .ry told us tint it um their arguing against thoaupoi>itiiieut tu.il«.onvineci him. Now, ho «anted to seo somo of thoso colloiTiios givo tomo in fot mation, if thoy were not mero dumiiiici. |Mr. STEWART: What do you waut oxpbiiacd ?] Ho wanted them to explain wliolher they endorsed tho dis- honour of their le idor or not ; whothor thoy endorsed the treaclieiy of thoir landor, or not; whether thoy oonsidored their le.idor praiseworthy in making and l.roukimr promises. PMr. FORSTER : Perhaps they don't know anything about it.] That was what ho wanted thom to oxplaln. Wnsit not a fact that they nil approved of tho appointmont of tho late Attorney-General to tho Chief Justiceship, but that they wero nover consulted in tho inlttor-that it was nil moonshine about tho Colonial Secretary having len'tthy arguments v.ilh them ? In ono of hie letters in reply to tim Into Attorney-General, tho Colonial Secretory did'not siy whether his colle.tgues wero favourablo or unfavourable ; ho said ho would havo no mIcrferenc«, and would not bo ovctrulcd by them. It was not likely that a min who would say that would arguo for hours willi his colleagues. Further on in tho correspondons, lu reply to tho loiter which ho hiidjuatrcad, tho lato Attornoy Genornl s:ys:-''Y'our yorsfon of tho nutter of tho premiers is cortiinly an iucorreot onn. Thoy wore no1 conditional in any sense, not even as to tho cone.urronco of Îour colleagues, which in reality yon took for granted, did in fact undorsland that thoy concurred, bat when you congratulated ino so decidedly, I asked you the question. Y'ou then, without intimating any opposition on their pirt I - and at that timo 1 bolioro thoro was none-told mo that in a caso of this kind you would not parmit yourself to bo overruled. You will roinombor also that on a subsequent | occasion yon asked did I intend te continuo Mr. Thomson in bia position of associate. In tho first instance, as I have said, you. carno to >my ohambors and sont for mo to tho Court, to nmko mo, as you then did, nn absolute premiso of the.appointment. Your expression was that, in loyalty between friend and friond nnd botweon mau and mail, you felt bound to confer the ofllco upon mo.) When, tomo timo offorwards, you shook mo J by tho hand, and congratulated mo as boiug viitually appointed,?Ihoro certainly wai nothing in you manner to lead mo to suppoio that you did not me.ia what voulsaid. You aro not usua'ly an impulsivo man, and I iiad'.no reason to doubt( your sincerity. It was not, as you would make it appear, on occasion for any impulsivo sym , patljy with mo with Toforcnco to sectarian prejudices. Wo wore not speaking upon this subject. Wo wore simply dis- cussing, as a matter of business, a letter which you showed mo from tho Governor upon tho subject of my appointment, and'.which contained nothing, as you aro wolf nw-ro, to eilt for f manifestation of sympathy in my regard. Tho pro- mises were certainly mudo" as I havo stated. You have broken them. Y'ou say you havo dono so from tho purest and most exalted motivos. Y'ou know bo« !" After read- ing ¡that would nnv hon. mcrubor credit tho spasmodio oftorts' of the Colonial Secretory to get away from his promisos. Notwithstanding c tho fran- tic, i wretched 'attempts of tho Colonial Secre- tary, which wore characterised' by hypocrisy and deception, what eonclusion could wo nrrivo at but that tho wholo matter was settled with tho late Attornoy-Goncral, and ¡that ho was to bo Chiof Justico, and the Premier was then making provision for tho Attornoy- Gonoral, when appointed, to retain Mr. Thomson as his associate ? Could there be moro overwhelming proof of that than what ho had! read from tho correspondence? - Ho thought it I was perfectly clear that the Governor wonld bo guided in , such nn appointmont by Jho Executive Council. But in somo 'Adminis- trations there wci-q men who wore as brilliant orna- ments and as ablo men as thoir Premier. And in regard to such an appointment as that of Chief ' Justice thoso men would consider it such a slight if thoy were not consulted, that they would not remain in tho Administration. But it sermed that tho ^Premier of this Administration took a different viow,-and said ho would not bo overruled. At Iho timo tho Colonial Secretary said that, it was belioved that his colleagues knew nothing about it. Stranger, still, tho' Attorney-General sent in his resignation on tho Friday. On tho following Tuesday morning, nono of lils colleagues know anything about it. And a retmrk ablojthing had boen, told hun( which, if truo, disoovors such a frightful glimpso of "»«conduct and immorality and jnossness, that ho did not boliove it would be suH'ored to exist by any assembly, oven tho lowest of tho low. Ho was not present in tho llouso at the timo whit ho roforred to took placo. But it seemed that a motion of consure was movfd by some bon. mombor, and many bon. inombers promised to Biipport it But when a division was tikon, ho understood that thoso who had promised to support it did not voto at all. It was Baid that tho late Attornoy Gcnoral was in his place on that occasion, and i defended thu Government gallantly and 'chival- rously in resisting tho motion. Whilst tho Premier was finding out mombcrs 'and telling thom that Uio Attornoy-Qenoral would- not bo appointed Chiof JuBtico; and that it was that which led bon. members who had promised to support tho motion to refrain from giving thoir vote on tho adverse motion. ? s Mr. HILL : I don'tboliovo a. rfonfpfiv. Mr.'BUCHANAN,- -»> old not tay it was truo ; it was morclv what ho »»«boen told. Mr* BTVrflA.ll 1 : It is quito as truo es all the rest. jfyi JJ OCHAN AN procec led toread a loiter from the Aitonial Secretary to the lato Atíoraoy-Gonoral, dated " Sydney, 11th November, 1873," and in which occurs the following paragraph' :-" Nor do I think ony useful pur- pose would bo served by my following you through your strango allegations and assumptions of fact. I simply deny that 1 over mado an ' offer ' or a'premiso * to you ot the ofllco of Chief Justice I informed vou that Sir Alfred Stephen had resigned about tho middlo of June, I hive already given my version of whit occurred in my intnr viow with you on that occisión. As 1 hud not then oven consulted his Excellency tho GoTcrnoi, I was not, as I havo said in a previous let'er, iu a position to maka an ' offer ' of tho office ; and 1 am sure 'uo person who knows anything of my character or of my habits of oflioiul .life, will suppose that I made any ' otter ' of the kind. What I did; I have explained in my letter of tho Sth, and I do not desire to deny that you were fairly entitled to consider tint I tea* in favour of your appointment You agree with me that ¿ottíing more was said between us on tho subject trom Juno until I sent for you tit thoona of Iivt mouth, more than four months afterwards, when tho first thing I did waa tpirguo fora full hour against your açecptimr tho office." If that wero the first thing tho hon. member did, tho last thing tho hon. gentleman did was to shako hands with hi> Attotnoy-General and congratúlalo him on his appointment, and this alono was an answer to all the other allegations Under all tbeso oircumstances treachery could not assume a darker aspect. As an honourablo man thoro waa only one course open to tho bon. Premier aud that was an inviolablo adhercneo to his colleaguo under nil possible circumstances. Tho promise had been clearly and unmistakably given, and, had tho lion, gcutlemnn stood true to it, hil actiou, would have been endorsed by tho sympathy, and nppicval of the country as manly and straightforward oven in the fuco ff perhaps a strong nnd violent austility. Such hostility might have teen brought about, but the position of the lion, gûntleuiau woulu ht^yo been at all ovents a great and nn honourable evon if it had beena difficult one; bul now tho hon', gentleman had nothing olso but brokou pro- mises, and treachery to reBt upon, and had nothing olso but indignation to look for from every quirter to which ho turned. Then us thoy went on with this correspondence they found that tho treachery and false- hood deepened in intensity, whilst thoro was añ attempt to intToduco a sectarian clement into it In his latter ot the 12th, tho lion, gentleman said :-" Tho unoxpetitcd and ex trnoidinary.coursQ pursued by yon in tho.Houso yesterday, in reading our correspondence (tha last long letter of which had onlv been in my handa somo four hours and a hilf) practically denied to mo tho necessary tiino'to cnablo me to my vihat I desired to say in a written reply. I must also complain of tho cotirso pursued by you in another respect as being unprecedented in a Ministerial statement. Not .only did you tako this courso before you had finally retired ft oto oflico, aud without giving me uny intimation of your intention, although, as I have since scon,.you had allowed it to la announced in tho Eitning News which w,n publiant d an hour before you spok«,-but by moving the adjournment of the House you secured to yourself tho pri- vilege of leply, of which you availed yourself to introducá now allegations, and to cuter into an extreme argument of your case, when I and other mcuibors wero shut oui from tho right of speaking. Your introductory speech was con- fined to a mero explanation. I also confined mysolf to matters of explanation and denial in my reply. But you rosen ed what you'designed to send forth, as yon expressed it, " to tho country " for your closing spooch, in which you laboured your caso, as you admitted, in the stvlo of an advo- cate, declaring your belief that a civil disability had beon imposed upon yon as ii Catholic,and making an intemperate appeal to the passions and prejudices of thoso who I sup- pose you havo reason to think will bo influenced by your opinion. On ordinary motions it is contrary to tho ral« of Parliament to introduco now matter in u reply ; but what ii to bo said of tho propriety of a retiring Minister, who, having niudo his explanation on a motion ef adjournment, avails'himself of his privilego of reply, not for tho purposes of reply at all, but to make a violent one- sided and unjust speech against his late, colleague!" Here it will bo seen that tho sectarian clemont was for the first time introduced. But tho part of tho letters ho most desired to allude to was this :-" Whon 1 and tho Colonial Treasurer suggested rather than urged some reasons why you should not press for this appointaient, you openly declared that it was too late for you to roeedo" from your position, on account of your ' peoplo,' and that if you gavo way your ' peoplo would never pardon you.' On another occasion, in my absence, you mudo a similar declaration to the Secretary for Lauds. We thon, for tho first time, saw that wo wero not dealing with a single member of tho Government, but with a mombor of ino Government who had ti ' people ' in combination with him, which wo understood to mean cither his Church or a party of which wo know nothing. Wo saw that your olovation to the oflico of Chief Justice-tho first place in tho country-was identified with tho advancement of your . Church or your parly, and that by your own declaration you wore" not a free agent in the transaction. It appeared to us that instead of tho freedom of Government being in jeopardy from tho attempt to moko your religion a bar to your preferment, it was really in danger from the projected influence of an eccle- siastical corporation or great organized party in tho action of the Executive and tha jost disposal of'publio otilóos." The late Attornoy-Gcncral annwercd this statomont in .? complete a manner, that ho wou'd read tho hon jrontle nian s answer, and then leave it to the IIouso f lihü couutiy to say whether it was not n complete ono Tha lion, gcnticmrn writes:- " As to tho ocolcsiisticnl clemant which appears to have 'startled' and nlarmcd you and ' other of j our colleagues so much, I confoss that it ralhor . st.irtlei mo at present, inasmuch as it is tho first I have beard of it, 1 quito admit that when you nnd tho Colonial TrciiMirer to delicately 'Miggosted, rather than urged,' lint 1 should not press for tho appointment I openly declared that it waa too Into now' to- reado from my position. Tho subjectof scotarian hostility tome, which bud then mi-en to a great height, was under discussion, and I did say then, in tho presence of Mr Llojd, and afterwards to Mr. Farnell, ns I said also to" moro than one member of tho Assombly, that I would not jield to it, bec.uiHO by doing so I would compromiso in mr person tho eivil rights of my Roman Catholic follow citirens, and 1 think it is very likely tint I nddcl that if I did so they would novor forgivo mo." Now was this ronlly a ground of objection or was it only nnothor unprlnoiplod ellort to préjudice tho deo of the bon. gontloman's col- league ï But Ibo lion. Prämier know that thora wore p«. ticH behind bim, nnd therefore brought that samo thing nt n chargo against his colleague, nnd in that caso it was easy to seo how it was that tho Into Attoinoy-Gonoral cania to speak as bo did. Tho lion. Premier, however, did not toll the Iloufo who thoso parties wore who were behind him . * ibo,iunon being that tiioy were of so low a status that Ilia bon. gentlemnn waa ashamed to make tholr ñamas public There ia another statement, however, in tho letter of tho 10th November that ho regmded as nn insult to tho whola Bn" of ibu colony. Tho bon. Premior wroto-" I hive t> day, after communicating with tho Governor oa tho subject * ottered tho ofilco of Cbiof JusLico to Sir James Martin by whom it has been accepted. An you aro awaro, I liavo always conmdorcd that tho oflico lay between S.'r James Minim and joursclf." Now if tbo choico lay between Sir James Marlin and Mr. Butlor, it must bo Illili thcfo two gentlemen were tbo 11109t filled for thooíüco out of tho wbolo linr; consequently, if Mr. BuL'cr wcro not appointed by re.ison of his fnilinj to possess tho suil nl'a qualities, tbeso qualities could not exist in tho othor members of tlio Bar. Only two gentlemen wero considered fit ; one was not appointed, not possessing certain futilities nnd therefore nono olhc .« at tbo Bar could bo considered' ub popye-Riufj tho^o qualities. Ile lind now gone throii'-h the coircspondonco, and he had found it onoof tho mott melancholy exhibitions that bud over como undor his notice. Ho had been told that fiero wcro ¿on. members in this IIouso wbo*eould not Becond this motion or glvo it their support, bcoauso it was ho who had brought it for- ward, lío cared nothing for such a paltiy feeling as this solong,'na it waa tho truth ho advocated. Ho could say conscical'.ously that ho had dono his boat to irnprovo the moral tono of tho IIouso, ani bo I had nothing but satisfaction h looking back upon his career, nnd could conFcqucntly despiso tho petty jealousy ovineed by these emull minds'. Ho would tell í tficniy however, that, lot them deal with this motion ns they wou'd, an appeal must bo mado to the country Lof oui long, nnd bon. gent'omen would then find lhnt|the most serious point for consideration amongst tho electors outside would bo tbo conduct of tho bon. Promior towards his lato Attorney-General. Mr. BENNETT seconded tho motion. Mr. ROBERTSON: Tho motion itself anproyedof th»- - appointment that lind been mado by tbo Govomracnt , and j that being so it appeared to him unwiao to attempt to deal with tbo matter in this way. ' Ho hnd his own views with regard to tho mnttar ; but li» did not think that any good could bo obtain 1 hy discussing tho matter. He, therctpro, movel the previous question. Mr. FORSTER said that there woro sonio questions upon wbioli hon. niembora might desiro to expra-s their indi- vidual opinions, mid yet upon which it might bo doubtful thatahoy would desiro tho IIouso to express its collective opinion. Ile thought that this wa3 a question of th it kind. T'hoion. mombor "indirectly invited tun nouso to çlvo its opinion'on tho appointment of tbo Chief Justice. Ho hal no hesitation in saying that ho entirely approve! of tho appointment of Sir Janies Martin to tho oflico of Chiof Justice-(hear, boar)-and ho was quito nure th it tho hon. member for Argyle would not tiwi fault with him for s.ijing that if 'ho wero culled upon to oxpre-s an opinion between the two gentlemen no ahould prefer the jippojntmcut of Sir Juine.i Martin. At the samo time, however, ho had no hesitation in Baying that if tho Govern- ment bad thought tit to appoint tho late Attoinoy-Gener.il, ho would have been the last man to offer tho , leaBt objection. (Hear, hear.) It hnd been said out of dpore that a yory strong opposition would havo been raised in certain quarters if Iho hon. membor for Argyle weroito bo appointed, nnd ns that was tbo case, ho thought ho was entitled, to appeal to bon. members to heir him nut in testifying that, ho had repeatedly stated privatoly, thatl, if tho Government thought proper to nppoiut tho hon. membor for Argyle, no objection would over . como from bim. (Cheers.) Tho choico between tho two bon. Kentlcmen was not a voiy wido one. As no objection had (been offered to tho hon. meinbor for A-gylo as ' Attorney-General on tho peculiar ground of " sooi.il r< cognition," he thought it was altogether too .uUn-A-i- - raiso tliaf oVenfiúi-ii' view of his uppommrnt to tha oilico j' Chief Justree. 'm>n pr«jtico of tho mothor country bad long ngo been determined, but at (ho simo timo no one supposed that, bocauso a man was Attorney- ' General, ho was therefore entitled to bo maio r¿»v»f , Justice. Ho did nat thiulc, however, that tho IW^tsj? iho public out of doora would liavo objected ' lo the appointment of tho late Attorney- Goncral lo»- the oliico of Chief Justice Tho nppolntmont was a point upon which tho House was not callea upon to express an opinion ; nnd it must bo hold to bo sudbiont in regard to nil appointments that the Houso did not oxpress disapproval. '1 ho correspondence botoro us was un'qno in tho bibtoiy of polite letter writing ; and ho did hopo that, as the hon. member at tho head of tho Government had also presided over tho education of tho youth of tho colony and still exercised a powrful influence upon tim Council of Education,-ho would toko such stops as mi;rht bo nccos- "* sary to have this coriespondonce published in t'lo i-hnpo of school boos s for tho lis'ig generation. Tho cinliorntotproductions of one of the gi-citeit Bt-itesmen -V ' who hnd ever lived, thnt was nceord'ng to b¡H owa showing, . > ' would be most efficacious for thu teaching of morality and tiuth ; and ho did not think ho was asking too much thit a Inrfjo amount of morey should bi expended to maka this 4 ;' extmoidinary specimen of polito literature available in the "' . 1'ubllo schools. Tho question after oil between thcaa ;;?-, two Rintlemcn "was, whether tho lato Attorney-Gener.il \y! had been promised tho office of Chief Justico, or l whether he bad not '{ Ho ad-nilted that tho letters of tho Colonial Secretary wore clover, veiy clover, but ho thought {lint tho effect of tho corrcspsudnnco upon tho mind of any ordinary person wns this, that if tho Attorney-General wero not prouiUcd tho nppointraent ho was at iiny rato led to ospect it, and bo hjd a right ti bo informed "when tho mind of tho Colonial Sebrof uy was altered. The very firßt paragraph of tbo correapondoncj showed that the Into Attorney-General bad n right to con- sider that a promiso lind been made to bim, for tho Colonial Secretary snid that ho told him that ho would not staud ia his woy"if ho considered it his duty to accept the oflico," .."., and thal ho would not bo a party to tho objection nisud ' against him on the ground of his religious faith. ' , Ho took that to bo a promito. (Ilf.u, hear.) Ho put it to' "i ' any npm of ordinary understanding whothor it did not con- vey tq tho late Attorney-General ii distinct statement that -^ ho should have the ollice of Cbiof .1 ustico. Cart ¿inly it ',, "> conveyed this, that if the bon. member's colleague nt ntiy -<$ moment carne to a different opinion, or supposed thit tho ' *j hon. member was not a proper perton to till the office, tho ' « moment thnt com iction arose in his mind ho should have ' , taken'tho first opportunity of convoj ¡ne; it to tho Attoriioy- t >¿¿ General. (Hear, hear.), But not only was that prouiiso * .>A conveyed to tho hon. gentleman, but it was confirmed ovor > "* y¡ mid over again by the ab-euee of any o*plnnalion from the , Colonial Secretary until tbo thun whan this corrospondenco '. ,J begam (Hear, boar.) Tile late Attornoy-Gcnoral was in- ' d»ccd'to remain in oflko uud'nlford tho support of his high ( *" influence and talents to the present Government np toa "r, eel tain time when tho Colonial Secretan'found that it was ,'. dangerous to allow this promise to remain any longor. Until that timo occurred the Colonial Secretary was driyoa. by certain pressure, which ho described as public opinion, ¡ to lind out that his own ollice was in danger by allowing tho hon. and learned membor to remain under tho impres- sion that this promise would be fulfilled. Ho could not conceive- a clearer proof of a promiso, and a continuance of that promiso than was contained in a sub- sequent paragraph of tho bon. gentleman's letter :-" Still, I freely admit, that after hearing your expressed dosiro to reccivo the appointment, I again aasuco you that I would not stand in your way. It is' quito truo also that oa a subsequent occasion 1 shook you by tho hand, and con- gratulated you, but you ought to hiivo romoinbercd tliat this was dono in a moment of impulso, whon you wera labouring under strong feelings of excitement at the sectarian objections which hnd boon raiVcd against you by others, and I think it is hardly generous to alludo to an incident which was so ontirely nn ebullition of symp ithy nnd friendfhip." That might bo a very ouphuist'e modo of expressing approval, but what was it out a promiso thot ho would oppomt his colleague. The Colonial Socrotsry throughout tho correnpondcnco, appeared to ondo-ivourto draw a distinction between his advocacy of tbo'claims of his coUongue, and hiB uetunl intention to Bupporfcahoai ; hut could any reasonable person ascent te kny such. distinction.'!1 Surely if tho hon. mombei Xpromisod not to stand in his collcaguo's way, he promis S to givo him tho oflico. Was be not bound, boforo ho mwlo such a statement, to seo whether ho was qualified or nut? and was not tho statement that ho would not stand in his way. an admission of his full qualifications for tho oflico? (Hear, hear.) Ho said it was a full admission and on- ! dori,ement of tho claims of the bon. gentleman at that moment But tho Colonial Secretary told thom after- wards that on fnllor consideration of tho subject, when, tïo public bciran to discuss tho matter, and when a Roman Catholic gentleman of intluenco called upon hita and expressed his opinion agamst it. His mind w as awakened to somo disqualification«. Bnt how was that statomont mado out in tie correspondence'' Tho hon. gentleman, found out ia consoquenco of tho ndvont of this Roman Catholic gentleman of influence that bis colloaguo was not entitled to social recognition. Suroly ho know that boforo tho hon. mombor went into olllco. iû0 Idea of an bon. gentleman liko tho Colonial Secre- tary, a man who had boen a Chartist at one time, talking about " sociul recognition." It was utterly absurd. (Hear, hear.) The antecedents of tho hon. , gentleman made it tho greatest mockery for him to talk about social recognition-(hoar, hear)-and no grosser in- sult could be offered to his colloaguo than wa» convoyed m that statement. -(Hoar, hoar.) Thoy wore told that tua Bar expressed.ita'.disapproval of tho appointment of tho bon. gentleman's colleague , 'Mr. BUTLER :ït is not true. ; , ' 'Mr. FORSTER said ho bud had an opportunity of , eonve'rsing with many members of tho legal profession, ?«* loth barfieters and solicitors, on tho subject, and ho ".'lind no hesitation in buying that tho opinion . ho ventured to express jubt now would havo Ij-rn endor/rd by « majority or tho profession, and if tho 'hon gcnilcmm hn(1 D,en appo'ut d a largo majority of tho nrofcision would havo beon found expressing approval .at ihc appointment, or at any rate thoy would not havo b"on found cxprC33'ng di ipproval. (Hc.iv,he..r.) Thoyinirbt think tho pre cnt apportaient tho bolter ono, but ho ven- tured lo tay fioin tho evdenco of tho op'nions expíese Ita 'him by both branches of the proie-,lion with rerun! to tho hon gentlemen, that the'eel'ig of the majority woti'd li .vo leen Buch that no ndverco opinons wor'd Wo been oxprcssrd nt h's appoiutincnt if it had bren rando. [Mr. BUCHANAN: Hoir, hrir.J Bo believed that fully. Of coiwo it was open lo- tho 1 Colonial Secretary to say; " Where is tho ovidonco of it ? " At any rate, his exponent o was equal to that of tho Colonial Secretary, and ho was entitled io givo his opinion with that of the lion, gentleman, mid ho ventured to siy that whether in tho courso of this debato or any dis custion which this question might receive at tho bands of tho public, it Mould bo found that th'S Btatotnont of tho Colonial Sccretniy in regal J to the opinions of tho Bar would bofound, ns the Into Atturnoy-Gciioral slutcdjustnow, '* to lo untrue, nnd that tho Bar generally would not endorro i tboopinioh of tho Colonial Secretary. They had had alilt'o i linkt lot in upon tb:s question by tho bon. member who '" nfovfd Iho resolutions. Ho did notât all ventura to Biy thatwhnttho hon. member silted wai tine, lint in tho " covreo of a lonç debito when au advene vote as against tho < Qovernipent was expected, votes wore bought oil by a pro '* mise to certain bon. members that tho bon. member for . Argyle would not bo nppoiuted ; but bowns quite co, tain that monyhon. members would cndoibO this statomont, which for his partho bcl'ovcd to bo true-that up .o a ve,y . iat" period of tho opening «' number of lion, members who ' ' 'were known to bo opposed to tho appointmont of tho lion. gentleman wero going lound tho Houso iunvu.sing votes in favour of the motion against the Uovoinmont (cheers), and . that at a certoin period of tho ovenin^ this canvassing i suddenly ceasedi (Cheers.) Scarcely ono of thc-o members who wero known to havo gone about canva^in? ' voted for this motion, which thoy had boon doing the' . ' vtry best lo obtain votes for. (Hoar, hear.) If r» 'tint was Iho period to which tho bon. motnbor's ' t statement referred ho must say that tho circumstances that «dually occuncd boro out his statoti'cnt (Hr.ir, her-.) 1 Of conreo this might booxpkined awuy as tho prombo of tho Colonial Secretary had been, but bon. members mus, judge of what tho Government intended, what promi . they made, and what they led other peoplo to expect by tho ''.' documents boforo them, and by tho courso of conduct t'ic '^''Government thought pionor io adopt. Ho miintainrd, therefore, that tho late Atfoi_oy-Gcneral had Iron tre.ifjd ' by tho Colonial Secretary *u u manner which had been ' characterised by tho lion, member who spoko before him ni'as treacherous. (Mr. BUCHANAN : Hear, hear.] Woll,tho ¡j,' Into Attoincv-Gcncial hadnodoubt ben deceived. Ho wai . ' led to bel .eve, and was alio« ed to continuo in tho kpl'of for ï''along time,unit howu3tohivo the appointment of Ch'ef ¡''"'Justice. In tho end he did not get it, lind the Co'on'ul Secretary broke his premiso. Ho mtiBt say that hu thought .',R served the bon. gentleman ritrht. [Mr. ROBERTSON : ' Hear, hear.] Ho (Mr. Forttcr) could not but admit that "' 'with the one exception of his having confided in the .1 Colonial Sccietruy in joining him as his col'dguo, i the bon. member's conduct throughout had been in Iho î 'highest degree creditable. But what olso could ho oxp.iot from tho Colonial Secretary ï (Ho ir, heir.) Ho (Mr. Forster) hod been repeatedly denounced in that House nnd by tho Press for having what what was called " rakod up " tho antecedents of the hon. gentleman-not the privulo, \- lut the public antecedents of the bon. gentleman-and ho ' , ,had been told that his allusion to thom was quito unnocci '' eary. But it Mould havo been better if tho hou. niumber '' lor Argyle had considered tliP3o antecedents boforo ho -' trusted tho hon. gentleman, who did notlra-r -,,but botrny his friends over and ovor again. (Opposition cheers.) How could any ono oxpoct him to act honestly ? Whenever did ho do so r (Hair, ' hear.) Whero did ho over net but treacherously to his friends wlien'ho bad sonxd his own interests. (Hoar, heir.) From beginning to end ho had built up his aggrandisement ripon tho necks and upon tho bodies of bia friends. Ho had climbed into power by the bclrftyal of his friends, and had done nothing elf o from beginning to end. Whon tho hon. member for Argylo joiDed in ofiico with this porpctual traitor to friendship end to charity-when tho bon. member f joined this gentleman-if ho bo a gentleman-he should like toknowwhyhodid not lookaliltlo moro intohis antecedente in order to ascertain whether ho could as a reasonablo man expect anything elso than treachery, as had been shown on < ' this particular occasion. (Hear, hear.) Hu might rofor to i two or three points in thohon. gentleman's history, and ho would aBk the bon. member for Argylo if ho had no recol- lection of what took placo when tho Colonial Secretary palmed a falsehood upon the country in regard to r a protended crimo said to havo been cotrt mitfed. (Hear, henr.) Ho referred to whit was familliarly known as tho " Kiama Ghoit." ? Tho htm. gentleman not only stated tho cireumstnneo pub- licly, but repeated tho fakehood over and over agair, ant? . involved his colleagues in all the consequences of that falsehood. Was that falsehood ever proved to be any viif . but a falsehood, and did not the hon. member know it!-' If ho did, why did he join tho hon, gentleman, and how coiOd ho bo astomthed when he found this recoiling upo i hiuiEclf by joining such a man ? Could thoy, in judging of tho Colonial Secictary's public character, forget h's conduct in going to tho cell of a man who wag under trial for a eapituijoffcnce, and drawing from him a confossion in tho openness of conversation while a porson was stuck behind tho door, unknown to the man, taking down his confession-(hoar, hear) ' which was used to prejudice bim on his trial!' Was rhoioaman upon tho faco of tho earth that would have committed such a deed as that except Iho Colonial Secretaiy ? This conduct wai received in tho Houso of Commons, t\hen tho news of it reached thoro, with execu- tion, but vc, in this colony, seemed to think it a'iroof of ; the bun. gentleman's nbiliiy. But tho hon. member for Argylo know all this, and how could ho expect a man like ', that to do anything elso than betray him when it suited bis \" purpOEO to do so ? Ho would jußt mako roferonee to , what waa a email matter perhaps, but which never- theless involved a great principio. In tho cour.'o ;'of a debate in that Houbo tho Colonial Sccrotaiy a divulged the contouts of n letter which ho had kept \- .for teventecn years, and which had been addressed to bim 1 as tho editor ot a nowspapcr. Did not the bon. meinbor for Argylo know that !J Then how could ho expect the bon. . gentleman to net in- nny other wav towords him '( The bon. gcntlenmn'B whole career was black with spots of tb-s sort-you could not stick a pin ra between thom. It wan unnecewiiy for bim to say more. Ho had boen donoum' ä i by tho Press, aud by tho leading journals of this colony, at , hiring unnecessarily denounced the bon. gentleman's pnst "conduct m giving rensons why ho could not support his ' Government. But tho hon. member for Argylo thought , proper to c-vorlook all this conduct, and ho was only ono of vwhnt might bo celled " Parkc3's Martyrs." (Liughtor.) '.Be hod only got what ho desorved, and by T ii« own nc.'.on ho had taken from himself ,"tbosynipathv.of tho public that ho otherwiso might havo j ;;descivrd. Ho had hiiubolf invited tho treachery of tho , hon. member. But it seemed that tho point had b:en . reached at whioh the bon. member, worm as ho hud been, <,** had turnrd. It was only consistency on tho pirt of tho "r*" Colonial Secretary, who was the only uiomber of iho * Government who wn3 consistent, ami who had made "?* tho hon. mepiber for Argylo a martyr, not from any ill liccluur against bim, but because that bon. member stood in his way. Tho Colonial Secretory, when it suited h'm, ,. had thrown tho bon. member overboird, and ho conjraiu i fluted tho bon. mombor that ho was ono of tho^o boen r ;_ Men who would not sink when he wis thrown ovor ^ Board, but who would vot livo to mcofc tho Colon'nl j .Sccrctaiy in that House. But let not that hou. member ^ , expect too,much sympathy, oithor from tho public, or from , that House. The hon. member was a living oxamplo of 'tho old saying of what evil communications would do, but 'he hoped thoso evil communications had not altosothoï corrupted tho lion, member, hut that it bad given him n lesson that ho would remember all tho rc3t of hi3 )¡fe, Under lko£o circumstances, it could hardly bo oxpect;d tint ho would support the resolutions now boforo ho Houïo : \- but ho had no hesitation in expressing his opin'on that if Uio bon. member for Argylo had boon a Protestant, ho ' would have leen at this moment Chiof Justice. > Mr. STEWART: Is tho present Chiof Justico a Pro- testant? i Mr. BUCHANAN : You know ho is. Mr. FORSTER did not know what the presont Ch:cf Justico was, nnd supposed ho could not toll himso'f what religion ho was. (Laughter.) But the bon. member fo .' Argjlo was a Romiin Catholic, nnd if ho had b:on a Vi >-? teMunUio might havo been Chief Justico now. But it ' «ns going too far back perhaps to inquire into that, p-i it aid not touch tho question. The Colonial Socrotory worVd not have cared if tho bon. member had boon a Moi jiou. ni °"V ül'Jcct of tü0 Colonial Secretary was to keep Kb office. lhere hnd been a good deal of talk about a Biron-» Government, but the only way in which thoy had shown their Blreugth was in keeping their soats. No one would' doubt the ability of tho Colonial Secretary upon that point. Hut if (hey looked nt tho numbor of small questions upon whick tho Government had been beaton thoy rmnt other doubt their strength, or elsa think that thoy had not applied it. If to krop their Eento bo tho chiof end of u Government, then tho present Government was tho best wo hod o\er hnd. The best thing that would como been inr bettor. Of what did tho btatesmanship of tbe colonial Secretary consist Y Was it shown by that correspondence ? Ho did not moan to say that Oxb Government ought to bo put out on this question, »na certainly ho should voto for tho amendment « tho hon. member for West Sydnoy, that wo question Bhould not bo put. Notwithstandi-i" wa strong opinion ho had oxpreisod in favour of the «¡nti ments of the hou. uiombor who had moved thoio resolu »-?&. dld"not .*ink >t was a matter that the Houso had u£l $!° d.° 7lth/ iHc:lt<hear') If too Colonial Secro lary nnd treated the hon. member for Argylo like a Judas himTfif"0 A1 of.,îheir8- Tho hon. member hnd placed Sí5¿lthat.P0Slfi°n' nnd " Wfta entfrely «? personal matter between those hon. gentlemen, and the Honio would »rZFW' 0ÎJ*£ PWrPT»"» in giving an opinion X, . Xoho&äba should not bo token in any way to «dorse treachery, dúhonesty, or anything of that kJaO, All they wcro concerned with was tho rosul t, wl th which tho . rmblio were satisfied, and tho hon member for Argylo himself said he wnsisati-fied On that vory account bccnu-,0 the TtiblicwcreBa.isflcd, ho thought it was not thoir business to examino tho proceedings by which that result was aimed at Ho thought it was a vciy unhappy thing for tho country flint this correspondence was published, and ho did not seo why tbo bon member for Argylo bad suffered bimrelfto bo drawn into it after tho letitia that wcro reid in that Fouse Ho should hnvo stood upon whit ho said then, and bo would have como out of it without dishonour, nnd, to lorne degreo with cr dit Ho did not seo why that correspondence should bavo been publish d, unless it Mus to show tho depths of dishonour into which wo had sunk Wc had responsible Government, but it had rcichcd ita culminating point This ooiru pon- di ni o would remain upon tho public record its ono of tho greatest disgraces ever inflicted upon a deliberativo 1161 onibly Mr OAICLS said ltwas very fleur to his mind that the Government would bo out debited upon this queition, although they might, under tho w ing of lion members on iho oplOMiion btntlicB bo ablo to bent a letrcat Mo->t of the bon members who had.spoken-ho behoved tbo wholeof them-wero members of tho Opposition I., might L i lhoU"ht from this that only tho numbers of tho Opposition wcro dissatisfied with tbo conduot of tbo Go vcinmint in this matter, and ho therefore ook .bo cailieet opper unity of unying that ho a wann supporter, it not of tho Government, of thoir policy -was dissatisfied with the conduct of tho Govornmout upon tbiB question, and that other lion members, besides himself, were dissatisfied Ho did not think howovor, that it was for tho lion member to bring this matte r forward in tho way ho had dono, nnd ho believed it would bo w so for tbo IIouso to vote for tbo previous qucîtion But lot not tbo Government th nk that the House would not hear of fins matter ngain Ile believed that if tho hon. member who lind broucht lorwnrd this qu-st\on thought fit toibnng nn indictment agnnst tho Government at any timo, this matter would bo brought foi ward as one of tbo cUu C3 of tunt indictWnt He would not now discuss tho question whether a premiso was or not mado to tho Attorney Gencral, but ho lind no moro hesitation in Biymg that tho pn mice was rando than ho bad in speaking of his own exisicnco nt tho present timo Ho was satisfied that any ono who read tho^o documents must como to (he Bamo con- clusion , and ho felt assured thnt lind it not been for tho scc tai ian mflucneo brought lo bear upon tho Colonial Secretary -if the Attornij Genornl hnd been a Protestant instead of a Eomnn Catholic-ho would hnvo been Chtet Justico at this moment Nothing but the mflucnco brought to bear upon the Colonial Secretary induced bun to altor the deci- sion ho lind at first como lo Ho look-d upon Buch proceed- ings with horror nnd mdignntion It was nn infringement of the civil and religious liberty of tho subject There hnd been too many instances of this kind within the last fivo or mx jeir« and tboy would have them over and over ngain »s long as they hnd Buch conduct on tho part of tho Colonial Secretary Ho had been in tho habit of play- ing fast nncl loo e, and such conduct vvos tho groati st curse that could bcfal any country Ho hoped that tho man who raised such a question viould be shown by tho public that (hoy had no sympathy with bim Ho believed it would bo disastrous to tho best interests of this country if the present Government wero displaced, for oven if tho bon member who moved the«o resolutions did displaco them, ho would not be able te form a Government to take their place, and thoy must koop tho Government in powor foi a little longer But ho beliov ed that if tho peoplo of this country were polled thoy would say ono and all, that thov would bavo no truckling with tho religious liberties of this countrj But tho Government might rest assured, unless the) ceuld chow bon members wcio mistaken in tho view they took of this matter, that they could not go on to govern thit colony much longer Mr BUCHANAN replied Ihe question " that tho question bonowput" waspnt, and negatived on the following division - Ayes, 17 Mr ParVes Mr It li Mnltb Mr Scholey LloTil Weit Campbell Sutherland Cunneon Grahame ' Farnell ^oirott Rtcwart I ",",,.,., S C Brown Buohonan Clarke J Aeue"' Greville Hurley (O C) Noes, 22 Mr Robertson Mr Moclcsy Mr O'Connor Garrett Hoskins Wobb Allen Piddington Watson Harnell Oakc» Abbott Lackey Teeoe Macintosh W C Browne Diy Barns I TonT. Drivor >clson Lucas jltmcT" lorster Mr PARKES said ho should detain the Housofora few minutes with some observations on tho sctbjoet thai: had been brought before tho House, ra order to cet him- self right with tho Honte end the public, and ho intended to conc'udowith a m tion Wo had got into an unparalleled state of things when an hon gentleman-ho should simply refer to matters co far as thoy oust on the records of the House-when nn bon gentleman gavo notice of a motion of censure, Binglcd out one member of the Government fo* on emphaüo censuro, ket t it hanging over hiB head for a fortnight, nnd thon his friends, who would gladly bavo voted for it if there hnd been the slightest chanco of its te nçcariicd, escaped from anj decision of tho House on tbo pretenco that it ought not to express any opinion If there bad been tho f untest opportunity of carrying ti it vola of censuro, would those bon members not have thou-rht thai tho Houso ought to pronounce an opinion i Wo know we'l enough thnt every argument would havo been used to sbow how imperative it was upon the Houso to prenounco nn opinion Talk of duphcitv ' Talk of doublo dealing' All tho words that could to wed to charactcri^o ndircct and improper conduct vould hav o been used by thoso bon gentlemen, who would in their hearts bavo aotcd for 'hat »weeping condemnation, but who, whon they fourd it 'wporablo to cairy it, endeavoured to make vu ruo of ncce3siiy by sa} ing the Hout-o ought not to pronounce an opuion Ho did not think it necessity orpropor lonml o any ob'ervations in rcdy to tho two speeches which had been deliverud But bo did fbink it nece-«ary to char- acterise this tonuouB and improper proceeding-ínipropor and undignified towards thcHoUEo, improper and unjust to- wards bim (Hcjr,heir) If ho had 1 con all that b>s west opponents thought will to chnincteriso him, ho vwiB only in the higher degreo entitled to justico -(huir, hear)-entitled tu sonio pronunciation of opinion upon conduct which hadtinen tb.ua in gliitraj co'ours nrriuuneel before the bar of Parliament and the bar of public op mon Bul what was to fco thought of mon who, with all tho antipathy which long cherished gill could givo tomen, indulged in overy kind of vituperitton in cvei v kind of abuse, nnd then sheltered themselves from votine; for a mot on which thoy had dono all thov could to support, because thev feared to bo m a minority Well 1 e congratulated Ins lato colleaguo on the gre it efforts that wero being made to gam bim our to his former opponents Ho congratul ited him upon the meek di position ho already ibowed of falling into ho embiaco of lus new friends No doubt his late bon and learned colloiguo was worthy of tbo effort (Laughter ) Hia late hon and leirned colleaguo was a mun of abilitj-(hoar, hear)-a man of public character, of pci-.onul stronçth, and was well worthy of tho effort that wus being mado to gain bim over, and bo congratul it ed bim upon the gi eat pains that wero being taken rather lengthily to show how friendly was tbo disposition tow irds him and how much his services and publio chai at ter wero appreciated Ho should Uko lea vo now to give his aersion of tho circumstances which had led to tho retirement from tho Administri ion of the bon and loarn"d member for Arg) lo (laughter) |Mr BCCIIVNAN "\\\ o bavo it Mr T SMITH Oh no , there s somolhing else coming ] Ho sat very dumb, listening to tho cloquenco of tho bon and learned member for (he Western Gold- fields, and ob that lion gentlemen had placed him upon Ins trial betoro that awful tribunal, tho peoplo, ho hoped he should bo allowed to proceed m his own way m gn mg his version of what had taken place Ono would think that some tremendous vv rong hud been done to somo poi hon, ono would think thnt «ohio person bad been det-poiled of bia inheritance [Mr RAPH VEL Hear, hear ] Ono would think that somo fern ful afiliction had, by Ins instrumentality, bien visited upon the bon and learned member for Argjle Ho thought it was apitj that buch vebemenco of denunciation, such, burning cloquenco, were not sometimes used to denounco proceedings in which public interests w ero largely inv olved Ho thougnt it wus a pity that this clear insight into propriety of cou duct aviis not found to expose liansnctions which ho had seen m that House, to which all pi rsons appear to inclino And ho thought it was unforlunnte that all tbts energy of geshcnlation this vebemenco of languago, this unmeasured strength of denunciation waB stored up for a transaction which, according to foibo persons who indulged m euch it strain of comment, was after all a matter between two individuals Well, ho had been accused of duplicity, of treuchen, of deceit, nnd of every thing clso that could bo iniiieanedmhis relations as a personal friend It wus per- fectly true thrt ho nnd tho lion and loarnod member foi Argylo had stood in tho relationship of personal lriends, ho thought for twenty years, and thnt during that linio their intimacy bad been unlioken Although ho admitted there «as a timo when, he believed, his hon and learned fueudsaid somo hard things of him, ho thought that gentleman wu con- vinced thatlnroughout that period ho behaved tbo part of a friend towards him Ho know there wero gentlomeT in that House, ono if not more, sitting in Opposition, who know that ho (Mr Parkes) performed his dutioi as a friend m his ab-enco, at a time of great excitement, of great trial, ond when most persons forgot their friends in tho torrent of political excitement 1 boy, therefore, wcro friends, and it waB perfectly truo that m this matter which had led to lo much angry feeling so much misreproantacion, and so mnch abuse of himself it was perfectly true, ub ho had all along admitted, that ho was in favour of this appoint- ment to tho lngh office of Chiof Justice Ho was in favour of it for a considerable time It was perfectly t.ue that ho had combattcd tho arguments andjobjections of his eolleaguos in nil the sincerity of his fcebng in the learned gentleman's favour, and it was abro strictly truo that m Juno last, when he waited on tho learned member to inform that learned member that tbo olhco of Chief JubUco waa vacant-for he had considered it to bo his duty to giv o tho learned memuer this information, becouso tho learned member then Bteod at tho head of the law department,-when ho waited on the learned membor ho gavo the learned gentleman to understand that the lea.n"d gentleman should havo his support for the vacant office. But hero ho would pauso for a moment to ask where, in oil this, was there any evidence of the duplicity, treachery, and deceit with which he had been charco! ? There was evidence of what waa oven more fatal to a public »an-imprudence, But bad be been, Uio wary, Khcming, nnd deceitful person ho had bcon represented to be, ho Mould hnio said nothing about tho mutter There was nothing to compel him io do so, ho had no interest to sene, no object to gain in the matter, and ho would bad ho been tho pereon ho was represented to be, hnvt kept lus own counsel It had shown that ho was nore inTiudinttlinn hoMns thought tobo, and ho cor- tan h uns "«Iîudcnt enough to inform tho learned gen tlcnnn that he was in tai our of that leirned gentlemans itpoiutmcnt mid when ho said this, ho ventured to say flint ho Mould bo believed by a last tna]onty of thoso gen tkircnwlioheirdhim This, then, it it proved any thin?, pioudonl) Ins wnmith ( f friendship tow aids the learned member, under which ho bud used lungua.ço w Inch had led to tins embarrassment, nn embarrassment which would never have occurred hnd he been tho schemer he was Bud to be, and lind ho held his tonguo But having committed this act if imprudence, it was held foith that ho was in honour lound lo carry it out in all its Integrity, breuiiFO tb<y Mero fnends Did it never occur to hon í,enlluiien thnt if tncro m ero obligations of friendship from bun to thclenrncd membci, there Mero «}so obligations of frundship itom tho learned member >o him , nnd when bo lenncd gentleman saw that nts insistanco upon tho oflico Mould lend to dissntisfaction and disaffection nmongsi, the «. rollengucs, and to innumerable entanglements and embar- rassments, tho learned inenibor was bound m friendship to relievo bim from them Wero nil tho obligations to be on ono side-on his (Mr Parkes s), and nono on tho sido of tho learned member .* If peisonnl friends wero bound at all, they were bound by equal claims and equal obligations W us it to bo said that ho was to bo bound by tho obliga- tions of friendship nnd no* tho learned member i But ra this trnnsnttton ho did not stand simply m tho posi titn of a friend, but also in tho higher relation of a Minister of tho Crown, and in that relation ho had to consider obligations and duties which to his mind Mero raised fir above all considerations of private friendship, and hnd ho mado to his bon and learned friend as positiv o and distinct a promise us tho hon gentlcmnn or his supporters nnd fríen la could mnko out, he could conceive of numbera of considerations that might nrico which would lead htm to Mithdrnw from that prom so n tho infere t of tho public If ho bad mado tho most po ltivo promirc-which ho denied hiving dono-at any timo up to the period when that promiso should bo enrncd into effect, ho should havo con B dered bimtelf at liberty to reconsidor and withdraw fiom thal promise, if m tho interest of tho public luiicent tenon was shown for his so doing It uns altogei îcr a monstrous doctrino to lay down, that Fomo promise of public employment wni to bo binding on tho person who mndo it, notwithstanding that lhere were good reasons for altering it, therefore it might go forth to tho world at oaco thnt should bo hereafter so far lorgot himself in to mako a prom so of appointment, that promiso Mould bo open to ro- vie w and consideration up to the moment when it should bo cirried into effect Ho hnd never for u moment at- tempted to undenalue tho great abilities of tho bon and ltnrned member Ho bud novcr for a moment desired or intended to throw tho slightest doubt on tho learned gon tlcman's high standing at the Bal Ho knew that it was great, and ho could admiro the power, the industry, and tho rcri-cveranco by which tho lenncd gentleman had achieved his position Ho hnd novcr denied these high clnimB to consideration All ho bad snd was that these claims of tho learned member were not of tho highest It had been naked, and ho thought by tho learnrd member himself, how it was that ho had not found all this out before r1 Ho thougbt this n very natural inquiry to como from tho learned member, or from any bon gentleman who hud not thought very much about the case, or from thoso who wero nnx'ous to mnko out a caso n-rainBt him They said, " How ia it, if you havo discovered that tho present Chiof Justice has claims superior to lho«o of your le.to Attorney-General, tbnt you did not discover this beforo i How is it that j ou led him on giving him to understand that he was to have the office r ' Ho did not thtnk that it was at all discredit- able to his heart,notwithstanding all that was dona to point him out as a monster of iniquity, that ho had not been over eager to sit in judgment on the mental qualities of his friend Ho had known tho learned mombor earlier than any person in tho country , ho had appreciated tho learned gentleman's good and sterling qualities, and had lived in such freo intercourse with tho learned gentle- man that bo hud set to work critically to examino the learned member s character, or to lcok closely into his intel- lectual or other qualifications Ho thought that was not very discreditable to him Ho went to tho learned member on being entrusted with tho formation of an Administration, and had offered the learned gentleman tho oflico of Attornoy Gencral He did not, as others hnd dono, go to tho learned gentleman when the Government was tottermg, and when tho learned gentleman's cbaricter and ability wero required to pntch it np, but ho had oficrcd the learned gentleman a place in a strong Government, tho strength of which tho learned gentleman had materially aided to butld up He had offered the position freely, and equally freely the learned member had accepted it, and the loarn-d member's standing nt tho Bar fully justified the appointment Ho had been accustomed to consider tho learned member as a successful member of the Bar Ho had novcr seen the learned gentlemen in Court, end never hnd any means of judging of his conduct ptof->i sionallj in Court But when ho carno to satisfy him elf whether the learned member, successful member of the Bar though bo imjht be, possessed what wa3 of far h jher importance-the judicial faculty-ho did not feel so certa u aboutit and when ho sid that, ho did not think that this ongbt to bo taken as any disparigement of tho learned gentleman s professional character And if ho wero ask i to point to any circunibtanco or set of circumstances m justification of tho opinion ho had formed, bo would tarn only to the learned gcntlenian'B circumstances to provo that tho learned member had shown himself incapable of judging in hu own cafe (No, no ) ihe learn-d member had allowed his personal feeling of a personal wrong to intrude ra'o every portion of tho case (No, no ) Ile learned member lind joined this Government certainly not with tho view of being mndo Chief Justice No ono would deny that He joined it, knowing pretty well what tho Ministry was to be, who were to bo his coMeigues, and what policy it Mas proposed to carry out and the learned member "crlninly lost sight of tho interests ot tho Govern- ment, of tho posiuon of his colleagues, of the principles which were professed, nnd of tho policy which ltwaspio posed tocany out The lenrned member lost sight of all these th ogs in the consideration of tho question beforo tho Hou«e and therefore he bnid that tho learned mombor had not evinced that high judicinl power of examination which any man who had to preside over contending parties, when the issue was ono of simple justice, ought on all occasions to ovraco Ho became satisfied m his own mind that it was not the duty of th« Government, in the interest of tho public, to appoint iho learned member Chief Justice of this country That w as mndo nppnrent to him ra various waj s boforo the 6th November, nnd como eight, ten, or twelve days before the otk this must have been made apparent to tho loained ltcniberin various communications with his colleagues, and in one remarkable manner which ho did not now care more particular!) to allude to, nnd ina way which the learned member could not full to undcrotand, but notwithstanding this, his'ate colle iguo hnd in istcd upon vindicating his claim to this appointment, nnd in exacting what tho learned gent'eninn alleged was n prouiu-o mudo to him that ho should hine it, becauso tho learned member said that tbo objections to his appointment had been raised on re- ligious grounds onlj Most certainly no objection on that giound had been raiEcd by thoso persons who had to do with thiB appointment And as it had been alleged that on tho occasion of n voto of censure, and at a timo when tho lcBtncd member was taking nn activo part in the dofenco of tho Government, certain bon members who wero going to vote for tho motion did not voto for it but left tho Houso on being premised that the learned member should not receive tho appointment of Chief Justice, he would give that statement the most emphatic ind sweeping denial If there mob any bon member to whom oven io much as a hint of anvthing of tho kind wis feiven, h° would beg of that hon member to stand fortwird and say so Ho was EO entirelj ignorant of anything of tho kind, that ho bad been perfectly ama/cd when ho henrd the charge made If it bad been ns had been said, there must havo been somo hon member concerned who was now present If bo, and if tho lion member had anv «crupiés about coining forward, ho would nt oneo reliovo that bon mombor of ary such btruples, and would beg of bim o como forward and say whether any Minster hnd approached tho bon member with any such a base purpose Mr BUCHANAN Ho did not vote Mr P VRKLS Did the hon member suppoco that beenu e some persons refrained from voting *" Mr BUCHANAN Members were convinced againBl the Go\ eminent tbatnisht Mr HOSKINS How do you know? You wero not here Mr BUCHANAN I hav o been told so (Laughter ) Mr PARKES Would anybody have the turpitude to say that becausj one hon member or a number of bon members changed their minda and did not voto that it must be attributed to somo baso cause, and not in any w .y to the process of argument and relection But the hoj member for the Western Gold-fields, and the hon member for Illawarra joinod bim Mr rORSlERroso to ordor The bon momber was alluding to a previous debuto Mt PARKES would endeavour to avoid trcspnsrag ngaiDst the rules of tho Houso Ho had alluded to his conduct us a friend and a Minister, and ho raamti ned that in both capacities it wub quito open to him, if sufficient cause were shown, to chango his opinion, and to recodo fromnnv promise ho had mndo He was oivnre that there wero politicians who regarded tho pubhc p-tronige as a »bing in which thoy should be true to their friends, what ei»r became of the country (Hear, hear) He waa not oao of those Ho had no personal fnends whom ho wished to serve, and no instance could bo pointed to in which ho hnd endeavoured to servo his fnerds at tho expense of tho public interests. It had bren his lot, and it bed not como about of his seeking, to make two of tho highest appointmonto in tho country, and never had he beard a singlo \oico raised in question of tbo propnoty of thoso appointments. He alluded to tho President of the Legislativo Council nnd tbo Chiof Justice (Cheers ) Ho had heard the conduct of former Govern- ments questioned m tho appointments whioL thov mado to tho judicial bench, and ho remembered the timo when the bon member for the Murrumbidgee paid him the rather left handed compliment of saying that he did not bohovo that he (Mr. Parkes) if ever ne came into power he should so far forget the interests of tho country as to appoint a I lunatic to the Supreme Court Bench. I Mr. MACLEAY. It must have been a very long time ? ago. (Laughter) I Mr, PARKES, Jt waa not « long tate ago. He re. > numbered tbo timo when appointments of this Kind wero questioned throughout tho length snd breadth of tho lund, but in tho appointments which it had recently be- come his duty to make, it had never been suggested that ho had lost sight of tho public interest (Hear, hear ) If wo hnd consulted tho public interests,-if wo had finally allowed tho public intcioite to rise superior to al'otlitr considerations, were vie to bo condemned for that i (No ') Ile admitted that ho hnd been imprudent, but to talk or deceit, of treachery, of duplicity, was e miauso of words For n time ho was sincerely in favour of tho appointment of the hon memter, and when he begin to doubt ho lost no timo in intimating his doubts, and when ho felt it necessary to speak m plain terms, ¿3 purposely w oe the expression of tho thoughts which agitated his mind But to say that he wrote that letter ot the 5th November with tho intention of its being published was to cay what could not bo prov ed by tho facts, and what was not justi- fied It wns published at the instance of the bon memhor, nnd it was perfectly truo that, on tho morning of tho day that the correspondence was published, ho authorised tho Solicitor-General, at his own request, to say that ho was willing to have the achole of tha correspondence destioyed [Mr GARRETT Hear, hear] Ho did not fear their pub- lication Ho was not nshnmed of this correspondence andhoxentured to say that the final jugdment of tho country would bo in his favour (Hear, hear ) Ho was quite aware that at thoprc->ent timo publio opinion waa n"ainst him in tbiB matter Ho noticed that his conduct hnd been condemned in tbo public Press , but he also nettccd that some of tho country newspapers, tho Newcastle Chronicle, tho Yass Courier, and ono of the Tamworth pnpers- ind these not tho least nblo, not the least inde- pendent, and not the least creditably conducted nowspipors -which wero commonly opposed to him hnd pronounced in his favour in this matter, and ho had no doubt that tho ultimate verdict of the coumiy would also bo ra his favour On giving moro attcn'ion to this subject ho becamo aw aro that ho had mado a m'stako, and ho told tho bon member so Iho bon member took offenco and considered that his honour -was in boido way involved The hon member stated that ho was placed undor -omo, cml disability, although that could not by any nie ins bo torlurcd out of his transactions with his colleagues, unle38 ho meant to sav that some persons for sectarian reasons were opposed to biB appointment, therefore bis colleagues oujht to hav o taken up hiB causo ngainst thom and have persisted lu his appointment for tho mero purposo of spiting them (Hear, hear ) Unless the hon member could provo that tho Government was awayed by sectarian pressure, ho could not support bis assertion that -ho was placed under a civil disability It was tiuo that two members of tho House had w »ted upon him m the M nister s room upon tbissubject, but hiB bearing to tho'e gentlemen was such as to giv o them great offence (Hear, hear) Ho fold them that ho would listen to noobjcctions of thok'nd which thoy wcro prepared to urge (Hear, hear) Then it had been said that he hud been ov crborno by persons v\ ho had no right to hav o a vo ce in the ron'ter, and that was to a Blight oxtent un- founded There wero a few persons who put themselves into communication with him, but tho persons whoso opinions and information had w eight with h'in wero gontle men whom ho sent for, und who he thought could nfford him information such as he desired Ho did not feel «shamed that ho did seek to gel fuller information than ho himself possessed, and ho did not think that bia character in any way suffered because ho thoncht it necessary to obtain tho opinion of persons who wcro fully competent from their standing, attainments, and character, to gil o him informat on and ndyicc Ho did not hesitate to say that ho felt tho greatest unwillingness to offer nny offico to a gentleman who was a conspicuous opponent of the Government His colleagues and his friends knew thnt ho had the greatest reluctance to do anything which might bo construed into the nppenraneo of buying off his opponent In that corrcpordenco there was one oxprcsion which had been laid hold of, end made to bear a meaning ov hieb, ho never intended, and that was tho expression "social re- cognition ' He nea cr intended to mean any social sets or any prescupfive cueles but ho b inply meant to say that there w ero persons who occupied a larger spare before seciety at large Ho appealed to any person whether in the caso of the gentleman who had been appointed Chief Justice, who carno here as a child, who had grown up in- tertwined in all tho fibres of society as it were-he ap pealed to tho«o who know tho career of Sir James Martin whether that gentleman did not occupy a much larger «pace beforo the coun'ry than tho hon membor for ATgylo M hy there wero certainly not half a do?en men in tho colony occupying ns large a space as ho did before the country, not as recognised by any particular class or any particular section of society, but as a public man by the country at larg" It was in that Bcnso he intended to ubo tho phraso Well, Sir James Martin had been appointed Chief Justice of the country He was appointed with reluctance, becauso ho occupied a commanding place in the Parliamentary Opposition, ho was appointed with re- luctance because of tho strong friendly feeling avhich animated him (Mr Parkes) towsTdB tho hon member for Argylo , and ho wns nppointed with reluctance becauso he knew that the appointment would bo to some extent mis- interpreted But he firmly believ ed, and it seemed to him tho country must behevo that this appointment wa3 the best under all tho circumstances that could be mode!-(hear, bear)-and if tbo Government had dono this by a sacrifice wbich they mu«t have teen blind not to hnvo foreseen, and even admitting on his own part that he mado a mistake ra tho fust instance, was ho open to the sovero acnuncia ten« which had been indulged in when this wns the result CoBld nny person attribute ,o him any improper motives in this course .. Ho had not y et heard a singlo xoico amongst thoso who had denounced him attri- bute to bim any improper motive , and bo thonght he had shown that, so far from acting a deceitful, treacherous, or doublo pjrt to his bon and 1< arned friend, ho thought he bud shown-nnd ho was sure that persons who would calmly consider the correspondence and tho facts of tho casewould ndimt it-that for a long time ho was sincerely m favour of b s appointment When ho felt that there was sufficient reason for altering his opinion, he immediately told the hon grntlen rn, nnd did not shrink, whatever might bo tho con qucneei, of acting ra opposition to a promise ho ímpru dentlx and rashly made, so far as it was a pron ise, bb it was certainly a promise of his support All ho denied was ihat he ever made that formal offer which always must bo made in a high office of this kind He had lost Bight of tbo interests of his hon fnerd in this business but he hed not lost sight of the interests of tho country, und it was his firm conviction that soonor or Inter, and that at a very early date the public generally would bo of opinion that those who blnined him were themselves most open to blame-[Mr STEWART Hear, I ear]-ord thot, in rising abovo his personal feeling in this natter-admitting the mistake he made and ) doing his best <o repair it-and making the b"»-t appointment, ho thou,ht he desirvcd nlittlomoro generous treatment, although he never expected it from hon members Mr BUTLER said it did not appear to him that there was much need of his making a speech upon this occasion Ho had heard it again and again repealed that there was to be some new facts brought forward (Cheers, and laughter) Some rev cln tionBwero tobo made, trad indeed an kon member oppo itc just at the time tho Colonial Secretary commenicd his remarks, stated something to that effect (Hear, hear ) Ho hnd henid th s for sov oral day s past. (Hear, hear ) This matter was one of unspeakable! pam to him that he should have to come forward before the public ra this prommont position, nnd that his name in a proceeding of this kind should bo ogam and again brought before tbo House, particularly by the hon nnd learned member, who, whatever dc«ire he might have to do his duty m the matter had brought tbo subject up with no consent of his and with the greatest abhorrenco that ho should conic foiward in tbj matter Ho heard that a now rove lation was to be made, nnd ho could not for tho hfo of him comccturo vvhatit was, and all bowns concerned about was, thnlit should como speedily, so that th»ro should be an end of the pa nful business nnd that ho should hear the end of it for ever Ho had been listening to tho Colonial Secretary's speech, and, a» far ns he (Mr Butler) was concerned, there wns certainly nothing now m it which would need much answer (Hear, hear) Now, in passing, he could assure tho Colo mai Score ara that ho need bo under no great npprehension about tho projected nllinnce spoken of According to his view although he might bo wrong, ho thought that the only question between thom was the xvav m which the Colsnial Secretary acted with regard to tins appointment Ho hnd never said that the bon gentleman was not bound to mako the Lest appointment ho could, and ho had never put his retirement Irotn office upon any such ground as thnt. (Hear, hear) All tint ho said without com- paring himself with anvbodv clso wa«, that those promises were mado to him down to the time of the sudden chungo that took placo ra tbo lion gentleman s dealings with bim In a portion of tbo correspondence the hon gentleman c' l'ged him with taking some undue advantage of him in reserving what ho had to siv for his reply He did not think ho did so, but if ho had, tho bon gentloman hnd taken good caro to compensate himself [Mr 10RSTER Hear, hear] Because although he had an opportun tv of dealinc with the xvholo question upon tho motien at un earlier part of tho evoning ho did not take ndvsntngo of it. (Hear, hear) Although nobody could deny that ho had a fitting opportunity "V. et ho let it pass, because by moving tho adjournment of tno House ho thought to havo the reply to himself. (Hear, boar ) The bon gentleman waa welcome to it (Hear, hour j But to return to this revelation Ho really con- fessed that he was disappointed, because ho had a cry great cuno íty to know what it was Ho conjectured several things, but ono thing ho wns quito certain of, and that was that tho lion gentleman could bring forrard nothing ngfinsthim that ho was not prepared to answer by giving the smiplo truth of what occurred (Hear, hear) But there had been no revelation, and ho had therefore to deal with a fow of tho hon gcntlomon's observations that ev ening concerning himself 1 ho hon. gentleman said that ho (Mr Butler) gavo proof of a want of "judicial impartiality ' - (cheers and laughter) - and that ho proved his uniitncss because ho did not continue in his Government Mr PARKES I did not say that Mr BTjTLER said that was what he understood the hon. gentleman to say Mr FORSTER Hear, hear Virtually Mr BUTLER said ho certainly did understand the bon. gentleman to say something to the effect ho hod stated, and that ho had no right to bo a judgo in his own ca*e [Mr FORSTER Hear, hear] That was to say, that tho office iof Chief Justice haying been offered to him ( without condition or qualification, at a time when there was an interview between them, and when there was no danger impending to the Government, that.in order to prevent wbat the toa. gentleman waa pleased, to cali.« one of au i ?*"" " n J! i letters eomo "disturbing consequence's'*in*upsetting, tho . Minißtry, ho (Mr. Butler) was called upon^y any reason the boh. gentleman could adduco to forego that appoint- ment upon tie promiso mado to him. There was no danger to tho MiniBtiy at that time, and he would like to know where it cou'd be found that a person was not at liLcrty to leave an Administration under circumstances where it wa3 not threatened with an upset upon his retire- ment Ho was sure thnt ho was not so iudispensublo that no one could bo found to fill his placo. Why Bhould the bon. gentleman expect that ho would continue in ofllco undrr tho circumstances if ho thought proper not to stop with him. Did he by becoming Attoinoy-General become his bond slave ? (Hear, hear.) Ho was dealing now with tho period when, to his mind, there was not tho sligbest danger impending to tho Govern- ment, and that was the very first interview thoy hnd more than n month ago. Ho did not seo that ho was at nil blnmablo so far, and ho would refer to what came next. It was said that ho (Mr. Butler) was aware of the bon. gentleman's battlo on his behalf against his colleagues. (Hear, hear.) It wbb said that ho was aware that his col- leagues wera opposed to his appointment, but hegavoitho statement a most unqualified denial, for never, until he saw it in the bon. gentleman's own hand, did he hear that his colleagues wero opposed to him. (Hear, tear.) He might state fmther, that ho bad very good reason to believe that they never wero opposed to him until the 5th November, when the hon. gen t'cmnn was bimtelf opposed to him. Ho was credibly in- formed by members of tho House and by persons outside w hose word he could not for a moment doubt, that instead of being oppored lo him, it could bo proved that tho hon. gentleman s colleagues approved of him,and up to tho öthof November were declaring themselves in his favour. Ho re- gretted that the bon. Colonial Secretary had mado such a statement, and ho w ub surprised that two of the hon. gentle man'B colleagues should sit in their places and listen to it when he undeitook to say that thcEO two gentlemen had ngnin and again, up to the öth November, declared themselves in his favour. Ho found that it was in the last 'senttneeof the bon. Colonial Secretary's letter of tho 5th November, receiv ed by him on the 6th, that ho fiist becamo aw aie (bat the bon. gentleman's colleagues wero opposed to him. Ho had explained that ho avoided any conversation with his colleagues on the subject; he avoided speaking to them about the appointment because it would look as if he were canvassing for the appointment. But when ho got that statement, nnd when ho heard from Eoveral people that the contrary was the fact, he went and nsked two of his bon. colleagues about it. He went first to Mr. Sutherland (hear, hear)-having this statement, and that hon. gentle- man knowing that the letter hnd reaehed him. Ho asked Mr. Sutherland whether it was tbo fact that ho was opposed to tho appointment. That gentleman replied that no ono could say that ho had over given an opinion upon the snb j'ct, but why wnB not a Cabinet meeting culled, and then bs would give his opinion upon tho sub- ject. He then spoko to Mr. Farnell ; ho carno and sat by fbnt gentleman'a sido in that Houso. and said to him that Mr. Parkes had mado a statement in his letter that bis colleagues wero all opposed to his appointment, and was it the fact ? Mr. Farnell said, " I am not opposed to it, but wo would rather that you remained with us." But lie found it set forth as if hiB colleagues had been always opposed to bim, and that tho Colonial Secretary had been alw.iy s fighting his battle. Ho did not know, and would not venture to decide, whether the Colonial Secretary was arguing with them or not ; he said so, and they did not say the contrary. But ho wns saying that two of his colleagues had again and again said that thoy wero in favour of his appointment. So much for that matter that his colleagues were always opposed to hiB appointment. But waa not that a fine way to put it forth. Was it likely that the Colonial Secretary, who was bo strong in the Ministry, would allow himEelf to be vanquished in that way; but ho did not say that the Colonial Secretary might not bo van- quished in argument. So much for this thing that had been repeated in eevcral letton.-that was his statement about it. One of his hon. colleagues ho had alluded to wu3 not present, but tho other was, and ho would repeat in his presence that bo sat beside him in that Houso and asked him if he was opposed to his appointment ; that there was a statement in that letter that his colloaguei were opposed to him, and was it true as far as ho was concerned, and ho said ho WS3 not opposed to it, but ho had rather he would .stay with them. Mr. FARNELL: I did not sly it. Mr. BUTLER : I declare it is as truo as that I am standing hero. Ho may havo forgotten it, but I havo not Mr. FARNELL : I can tell the bon. member what ho said, and what I said. I was sitting where the Colonial Secretary is now sitting. He carno to me, and said, " I have been speaking to Mr. Sutherland. Aro you opposed to my appointment r" I said, " That is not tho way to put it. I would rather you would stay with us." Mr. BUTLER repeated his version of the affair, of which be bad a distinct recollection-tho moro distinct because he hnd nn object, seeing that there was such a statement in the letter ho had received. Ho supposed the hon. mombor who had just denied this would deny that he had, again and again, both to bon. members in that House, and in his voyages Lo and from Parramatta, in tho steamer, said that he was in favour of the appointment. He could call upon gentlemen in that House, and gentlemen to whom the hon. member hnd snid it ;n the Parramatta steamer, and he could mention the peoplo. Well, th it was quite enough about bi3 colleagues having been oppoted to him, nnd that led bim io pnother assertion. Ho wanted to vindicate him- self from this assertion that they were communicating their views to him, and that ho wub pressing his claims be- foro tbo Government while ho know that the Gove nment were in danger. Ho would explain when he first bad to take a decided course in the matter. There was no question of danger to the Government that ho was awaro of. Ho knew that there waB a good deal of sectarian fooling, and he knew that a deputation had waited upon tho Colonial Sccrttaiy. He also knew that one gentleman said that if tho appointment were made there wero fourteen mombers of that Houso who would voto against tho Ministry. But ho hnd treated nil this lightly until the evening when Mr. Gar- rett moved his amendment upon going into committee. Mr. JOHN ROBERTSON : That was tho timo. Mr. BUTLER said that when the debate was going on on that evening it teemed to his colleagues and himself that they wero going to be defeated. (Hear, bear.) It teimed to them when they attempted to count who were for nnd npninst them, that thev could not tell who wore friends and who were foes. Well, when ho had been addressing the House in favour of Mr. Moriarty, he was toid by the Colonial Secretary that ho was very simplo in speaking, that ho could havo no effect ; that it was not Mr. Moriarty in renliry, but it was the Chief Justiceship. (Hear, henr.) And although the Government did have a large majority, ho saw six members walk out. [An hon. member : Four.] He thought it waa bíx. [Another hon. member: More.] Well, ho thought six. Ho did not wishit to be taken as saying or implying that there was any com pnet mndo that night. Ho did not know anything about it, tbongh he hnd heard such a statement made recently, but he was not prepared to endorse it. Ho then became aware of the extent to which this feeling prevailed. Then for the first timo he becamo aware of the strength of tho feeling in that House, and tho Colonial Secretary named names to him that he could < never havo dieamed of having anything to do with this. He went away from tho Houso that night a sadder and a wiser man-very sad indeed that such was the fact. And now it was Enid that for u fortnight or tbreo weeks ho had Known thiB. That was on the 13th October, and he declared that that was the first time ho know of any danger to the Government. Ho went home a sadder man for discovering such a btate of things, and perhaps a little wiser. Ho had then to consider what wns his duty under such circumstances ; bo thought of it sleeplessly that night, and that was the first time he had reason to consider whether tho Government \, us in danger. Ho had next day nn interview with tbo Colonial Secretary ia the presence of his colleague the Colonial Treasurer. Thot night upon his bed ho made up his mind, como what would, he would never yield to such influences. (Hear, hear.) And bo said so when the danger to the Government wns mentioned to him by his colleagues. It was perfectly tiuo that ho told them ho would not yield to such pressure. He said, pointing to the wall outsido, he would rather bo placed against that rwall and bo thot than yield lo it. (Cheers.) And bo wov'd rather bo bhot than yield to it. Ho regretted to have to say this, and if anything had offended him in the whole affair it was this. That was the honest statement that tho Colonial Secretary had endeavoured to twist into a sectarian matter. t He did not know whether he hnd used tho words " his people," ondit was not worth discussing whether ho did or not, but if ho did, he did bo in nn honest way for the intereEt of all tho pe,oplo of tho country, and not for any section of it. Ho might havo been wrong, and he did not my he was not, but those wero his honest views, and he did complain, and it bad been a matter of great trouble and disturbance to him, that this honest expression of his should bo distorted, as if ho were somo person with on ecclesiastical corporation at his back. But that was the extent of his meaning ; and ho Baid again nnd ngnin that nothing in that correspondence bad troubled bim and grieved him bo much as tho construction put upon that language. In another lotter the Colonial Secretary seemed to recede from that position, and say ho was in- fluenced by somo outward Catholic pressure. Ho was deiug nothing of the kind. It wob the hostile pressure that ho was speaking of. It was tho old story of tho wolf and the lamb. He wub accused of muddying tho water and sending it upwards towards its source. AU that lind to be spoken of. It was tho hostilo pressure against him, and it was to that he said ho would not yield. He was not sorry to have the oppor- tunity to givo that explanation ; his words did not convey anything moro than that. It was something very now to leam on tho wholo of the correspondence till this was the constiuetion that entered into the d*'souesion of the Cabinet upoA tho question of his fitness for the oflico of Chief Justico. Tho Colonial Secretary said that his letter of tho 5th November was never intended for publication, but he was afraid tho bon. gentleman had very peculiar views upon this subject That letter was not intended for publi- cation, but when ho was rciding it there tho Co'oniil Secretary carefully corrected him from a copy of it which ho had in h*8 hand.' (Hear, hear.) Mr. PARKES : I had no copy hero. Of course I kept a copy. r Mr. BUTLER know that the Colonial Secretary was correct in helping him to read tho lotter in rome instances, and of courso if oven he did not havo it thoro, ho had a copy. ' Mr. PARKES : Of courso I had. Mr. BUTLER :'Why then did the Colonial Seoretary bo carefully keep st copy of his letter if it was not to be pub > lished. He (Mr. Butler) did not keep copies. Ho began , to keep copies for Uio fart time ia his life, » Wiiyed, « 'when this correspondence wob going on. Ho neithor kept letters, nor did ho keep copies. Ho toro theru up, and ho had often dono this with a full knowledge that it might bo serviceable to him hereafter. Well, could anybody read that letter and not conclude that it was written deliberately and for tho purposo of being used somo time or another ? Did Iho hon. gentleman tbrak he wnsnot tlcBhond blood when ho supposed that ho was to pocket that letter, and at the same time continuo in the Ministry, becauso tho hon. gentleman seemed to bo quito surprised by his resignation, os ho wrote to Bay that he preferred to consider it not received by him. If ho had not published that letter, but had borno the indignities which it put upon him, and if the hon. gentleman had kept a copy of it in Sis desk, then ha might havo crushod him indeed. Then the bon. gentleman might say at any futuro time, " What a mean-spirited hound, to have that letter and not prcfentit. "What, sort of a man must he bo to do thi-. Why, he kept in oflico for tho pay that bo received." How could tho hon. gentleman reproach him for publishing the loiter under thoso circumstances; and how could ho for ono moment suppose that he could continue in his Ministry after euch a letter as that P It did appear that after twenty jong years of friendship they did not understand ono an- other, because if the hon. gentleman supposed that ho was a mnn huch sb that, he did misunderstand bim. Tho hon. pntlcmnn said that this letter need not have benn pub- lished if it wero not for his own doing; and ho (Mr. Butler) really thought that tho hon. gentleman did not intend it to bB published then, from tho way in which he ufterwnrdB spoko of sending the Solicitor-General to him to burn the correspondence. Mr, PARKES : I did not Bay that. 1 said ho came at bia own request. Mr. BUTLER did think that tho hon. gentloman ex- . pected that ho would not make the correspondence public, and that hie resignation carno manifestly in an unexpeot 1 mannet to him. Ho waa not setting anything 'down in malice, but it did seem to him that tho hon. gentleman's object in Bending the letter of tho 5th November xvas like nn attempt to intimidate him. Ho did not say that was the intention, but it seemed to bo so. Ho was sorry to take up bo much time, but ho hoped to be soon dono with this matter, and for over. It had been said that he was bound to provo that tho Government hnd acted under sectarian pressure. Well he believed that it was the Colonial Secre- tary's intention to givo him this appointment up lo the 30th October,, and oven later than that. Ho thought from the conversation next day when he had said that it was too lato for him to recede, that tho Colonial Secre- tary had the intention to offer the appointment to him. Nobody could prove what the Colonial Secretary's motives were. He (Mr. Butler) had always gumded himself against Baying that he waa right in hia view. He had said that he had a certain opinion of what led lo lie Colonial Secretary V Budden course of action dis- closed in the letter of the Stb of November. That xvas hia opinion. Ho might bo mistaken. But it xvas his con- viction, and that was tho motive which hi thought justified bim in retiring from tho Ministry. He might "bo fairly called upon to givo a reason for this conviction. If the bon. member had been in favour of his appointment np to the lost day of tho month, how carno this wonderful change in fivo days. That was "the thing ho had to deal with. Thoy were fold the hon. gentleman put himself in com- munication with certain gentlemen. Who were they? (Hear, hear.) "What occasion had the hon. gentleman, who knew him for twenty years to put himself 'n communication with anybody in this way, vnlosB he wbb seeking for reasons to throw him over. (Hoar, hear.) But not' only was this the cato, but when he looked at Borne of tho statements that wero put forward there as the reasons that were put forward for throwing him over, he found that these reasons wcro utterly untrue. There was the statement atout the Bar which must havo been vory damag- ing to him if it were truo. Nothing indeed could well havo been more damaging and painful to him than to leam that these gentlemen with whom ho had been on cordial terms for the last twenty years should turn ont to be his opponents. Yet that statement xvas put forward Ji the most deliberate way. Tho Colonial Secretary staled that he had been at great trouble to ascertain the fact, and that ho had ascertained it. But the gentlemen of tho Bar, who were said to have opposed him, had como forward in a generous manner, as might be expected from the members of a learned profession ; end Mr. Darley had stated to him that while he would have voted for Sir James Martin, that gentleman would, in all probability, have had a ma- jority of the Bar in hiB favour, yot if ha (Mr. Butler) had been appointed to the office of Chief Justice Mb appointment would have been received with satisfaction by the Bar. Mr. Darley told him ho had been at the trouble of ascertaining that. And Mr. Gordon-than whom no man waa .more honoured-wrote to him to say that, while he could congra- tulate Sir James Martin on his appointment, yet, if ho had I '? been appointed, he would have been well satisfied, and would have congrntvlated him also. Then, for what pur- pose could he regard tho statement put forward by the Colonial Secretary, and of which he had never had one single notice 'i Could ho, then, be expected to have takeu any other course than he had taken under these extra- ordinary circumstances ? Instead of writing that extraordi- nary letter to bim, why was not a Cabinet Council called, and why did not his colleagues meet him frankly in opposition. Under these circumstances, seeing that he was not warned of this change, that a Cabinet Council was not, called, that tho hon. member kept the matter in his own ' hands until he wrote the insulting letter of tho 6th of November, and some time after, until ho called the Cabinet meeting to decide it, under these circumstance« he could only draw such a conclusion as ho had drawn. There must have been something calling for this change, and ho know that, at the timo he spoko of, there was presBuro and an . imminent probability of such a change in the disposition of tho House as would probably defeat the Ministry. That bad been spoken of by hiB colleagues, and by no one more loudly than the Colonial Trensuror, who had spokoa as it half tho House wero going over to tho Opposition. When he found that from nil this he could only draw such a conclusion as he had drawn, though ho did not Bay ho was right, after being insulted in tho way he had been insulted, he had only one courso to adopt, and in resigning he was per- fectly Büro that was the only course open to bam. Ho did not desire to introduce any personal offence into this matter. He hoped ho hnd not done so. Ho had not spoken with personal bitterness. Ho had spoken warmly, as was his' manner of speaking. As tho matter had been referred te) ho might be allowed to say this,-" if he was wrong in his estimate of the Colonial Secretary's character, if ho was capablo of xvhat had been attributed to him, that was not hisopinion. There waa this excuse for hiin. People who knew him know that ho did not form many friendships, I but when he did form them he was very tenacious of them ; and ho had been x-ery tennciouB of this ? friendship of euch long continuance, and maintained under very * . many circumstances that might shako tho friendship ot ¡ one who did not hold friendship as firm as ho did. Ho had said on a previous occasion that it was not his inten-, tion to go into personal hostility to the hon. member on ' - i account of this. Ho did not feel any. He was abovo euoh feelings. But he felt it duo to himself to say that nothing' more in reality than the common courtesies of life could . ever again pass between them. He had forgotten ti say < ono thing to show that ho was right in tho matter of thess promises. Ho bad given the ciicumBtances that occuir, 1 at the first interview. The circumstances of that inter- view were impressed upon his memory with tho sense of f riendehip and gratitude from the manner in which the Colo- nial Secretary nnd said to him, as between man and man and friend and- friend he was bound to offer him tho np- - pointment. It was said that the Colonial Secretary hsi, not then consulted the Governor ; but could there bo any doubt that the Governor would agree with him ? Eut ths . Colonial Secretary, who had boon writing and speaking since, hnd never ventured to deny that statement. Ho did not believo that if ho did there was a man in tho country who would think that he had invented that statement. After tho hon. member had Been the Governor on tho sub; ject, again the hon. gentleman had mado him a. promise of the appointment. That was on the 31st of October, whereas the Governor's letter and the shaking of hands occurred a week boforo that, and before tho Governor went to Melbourne, and before the Chief Justico had made his parting addresa to the Bar. He had nover claimed tho fulfiment of the promiBe of tho Colonial Secretary against the publio in- terest, but ho claimed it as a matter of fair dealing between himself and hie colleagues, and na ho had been led up to the 31ßt of October to expect that the appointment would be conferred upon him. Ho would now tako up tho position of an independent member of tho Houso, and ho would givo tho mensures of the Government that he thought to bo right tho support of his vote. That was the position he took up. Ho did not wish to rush 'nto tho armB of the Opposition, or the armB of anyone eke. Ab to Ministerial allinnceB, he had had quite oneUTh of them. It would nover bo any great desire of ¿ia to form a Ministerial allianco again." (Hear, hear.) Mr. LLOYD said that his lato bon. and learned collesguo stated that his object in addressing the House was to set himself right In this matter ; and his (Mr. Lloyd's) objeot in rlslnfrto speak wo« to put himself right, ond the Government of wliiob. ho was a member right as far as he could. Tbo hon. and learned gentle- man bad made some statements to tho House which ho was sure he believed to be true. But after he had refreshed tho memory of the bon. and learned member, he thought he would admit that those statements were capable of being modified to a vory con- siderable extent. When the lute Chief J ustioo sent in his resigna tion, he recollected distinctly the .Colonial Secretary mentionta? the fact to the Ministers, and Btatius that as the resignation did not take effect until the 5th November, and as no appointment could bo made until then, the subjeot should bo con- sidere as tabooed. [Mr. BUTLER : I was not prcocnt.J Ho (Mr. Lloyd) was, and thst was cxaotly what took plaoe. A» far as ho was concerned, ho never did diseuse tho subjeot more than he could poEsibly help ; and whenever ho wa» pressed upon the sub- ject, he never I csitatcd to avow his conviction that Sir Jamon Maitin was the right gentleman for the office, and towered abcro all other claimants for it. In sayin;; that, he did not Intend to dispatagoor discredit the hon. member for Argyle. Ho had always admitted that gentleman's great abilities and integrity of character, rho hon. and learned gentleman told tho House that he never heard until the 5th November that hil oollcngacs were opposed to his appointment. Now, if that wa» perfectly true, the hon. gentleman would havo «oma reason to com Ïilain. But he desired to remind the bon. and earned gentleman of a ciroumstance willoh took place on the 81ot October, and to whicU he had himself alluded. Although the subject was taboo.d by Ministers, ft was discussed both in that House and hy the people out of doors, and fourteen days before the 5th November articles were published in some newspapers announcing- that if the appointment of the hen. and learned member for Argyle had not been made, it would certainly be made. And on the Saturday before the Mh November, it was actually announced in one journal that the appointment had been made. Ho heard it from all quarter« that if the hon. aad learned member for Argyle was appointed when It was possible to obtain .nch a man as Bir James Martin, the appointment would never be commended by this country. On the night of the 80th of October, as he wes walking home from that Honte, an hen. membor took ibun, by the um i and walked bom* with Mm. and os tiny were goiag along Ute «towt, the gaUMuui uked bim if he had seriously considered what would reanU if Mr. Boiler I waa appointed. Uo asked the gentleman what, In hld opinion, wnt likely to hnpptn The gentleman raid that the feeling »ii .o strong in tho lit uto against Mr. nutlet's appointment, whilst there waa a gcnlUmau to eminently quillncd tor »Ito ollloo a« Sir James Mattin, thal ho fell connnccd that It Mr. Bu'lcr wa« appointed a vote at connue would bet moved, ami th« moiton would be coriled by thin-fourths ot tho House. [Mr. HO VI,Bit : l8 not that lotting the c.t out of tho bag!] (Laughter.) No ; lio was lead tig up to eenuin circumstances whian occurred, in onlor torofrtbh. thommioiy of tho lion, and learned mombor, in order to show thnt he wa» not quite correct in saying ho aid not know of lill colleague»' opposition to his appointmont until the till of Novimbpr. Ho pitted from llio genllomin who walked home with him. On the following morning, »hen he got to the Ttcmiry, ho wroto a prívalo noto to trio Colonial Beert tin j, explaining not only that, but otbor olroum ttancca wliioh haü mac within bia knowledge, anti pointing, out tho impropriety nt the appointment if It wa« likely to bo tumlo. That letter wa» tent, he thought about li o'olook in the morning. On passing bj- the Colonial rcoictary*« oflioc nbout 2 o'clock, on lils wav to lurch, on the samo ilay. tbo 31st Octobor, ho oallod In at tho Colonial Beoretnrj'a ottlce, and found Mi lion, friend and the non. and loarmd number for Argylo olote'ed together. Uo wns af once about to withdraw, when tho Colonial Secretary s ila . " Como in, como in." Ho went In. Tho Colonial Seorotaty Im- mediately sahl, " I may us well tell you I huvo shown your letter to Mr. Butler, and we aio now talking aboutit." Ho replied, " Oh, vciy «eil " They vint on to discuss tho matter. Hch,il pointed out in his letter in language nt. plain na could pog<tbly bo used, that Mr. Sutbciland was opposed to Mr. Butler'» appointment, that Mr. Furnell was opposed to it, nnd that bo wat opposed to It ; nnd ho took out of hil pocket a letter behadicctived ftom Mr. Samuel, tho I'osUnaslci-Genoral, nnd read a whole page of pott to »how that thnt gontlcman was also opposed to tho appointment. [Mr. HOSKINS : Why did you not bring tilla forward before ÎJ Ills lion, colleague, the Colonial Scoie'aiy, did not seem to euro to havo tbo subject discussed, but rather chose to »liow bim« If to be maligned. Ho very imioli rc 'grcttcd.thnl the atibjeol hid not boon fmly discussed. To return to what he was spying. The lato Attorney-General, somo days tofoiotbc nth Noven ber. was infoinird in language thnt coull not bo mlsiindei stood, »hat ho could not posi-lbly bo nppointnl. [Mr. BUTLER: Will tho lion. gcntleuun produce tho lot.or he «peaks of, nnd wo «ball then tee whether all my colloiguca were opposed to my appointment !] He wroto the letter to bia lion, colli'igii», but did not keep a copy. [Mr. BUTLER : I oballergo the hon. gentleman tu produce it.] Ho waa pcrfeotly euro tho letter was there. The hon. and learned gcntlmian woa'd not forgot that he (Mr. Lloyd) »aid this: " Now, you hear what has occurred, that wo aro opuosoit to tblB appointment ; aro yon going to con«ont to tho Qovomiuent being defeated, and truir policy being scattered, and bring ooa rnaion into the camp rinply to gol this appointment of Chief Justice!' (Oh, ob, and h.ughtor.) Ho had gone further than that, for he icmriubared distinctly saying: " Supposing you get this appointment, and that «that is suggested comea lo pus, and that a resolution is moved and carried censuring tho Government for appointing you. would you. under such ol'outnstancos, hold tbo appointment for an hour!" And then, in the faco of this, what did the learned member tell the House-why, he » 'Id that he went homo thai nia;hi with a determination that, " como what w«uld, ho wou'el never yield." A> far as sectarianism waa oon cerncd. no sect ai ian influence whatever was brou (¡ht to boar upon the Government. If it had, tbo Government would hura paid no attention to It -, and ha was awaro that tho hon. Premier had gone 1 to the extent ot offending some persons who wanbi hare made |uso of suth influenoc. Tho influences brought to bear were of a «Lift rent kind, and though he de- sired to say nothing depreciatory of tho talenM of his leaned frier d it hud been acknowledged that the right appoint- ment had been ninne when Sir James Martin waa selected. Thoa he had shown that, though tho learned member had said that ? the ural intimation thai he had recclred that he was not to ro *? -oelvethe cfflrowaa on tho 5th November, he thought tho leatacd gentle mm would withdraw that statement in tho face of this uacrtion of what hail taken plaoe on the S 1st October. This conversation took p'aie in tho Colonial Secretary'« Ofllco, when only himself, tho learned member, and tho hon. I'rem'er wore pre- sent. Being only th.ir three ?elves, what would havo been the light and gencrou« tiling of the learned member to do I Was it to scatter the GoTernanrn to iba winda merely that the loarned gentleman bhould bara the otiice of Chief Juttlcc! Uardly bo; . and he waa only rulonl- hod that the learned member, peniog all these difficulties in tho way, had not at once said that ? ho would not rtand In tho road of tho Government of which he was a number, but would havo offered at once hlmielt to tender iho ellice to Mr James Mar.in. Had the learned mot,ber done this ho would havo gained the admira- tion of all who knew I,lui, ami would have alooil higher in public «tirnatlon than ho h»d erir done. ln«t;aa of this, howevor, the ' ' learned member atooit on tho promiso mado to him, and oared little for the tate of the Government from which ho would hare separated himself. Hut, agiln, assuming that the hon. Coloni'il Secretar] had the power oi making Hie appointmont of himself, did bon. members think that it such an appointment halbem mado as the other members ol the Administration could not agree with, tbo bon. Pieuiiei'a colleagues would have atopped with liitn an butant! [An hon. member: Some of thom would ] Not uno of thean-not nn hour, and the hon. IVomlor knew thl«, «nd would never havo made tho appointment without first Consulting them. Then the learned »amber took hold of tho friendly cx pi cation of the hun. Premier, and bcoausc that expres- sion was ropoatc« once or twice, tho learned member «et it d'wn m> tattaln ihat he waa to bo Chief Justico. Why »urelv, if the learned member had such an Idea, he might havo aatUftcd htmrclf as to »hat his other oolleagiiea thought of tho matter. Instead of tha-, tho learned member never s» much na pasted tho compliment on his other oollvagues of asking them .', .what waa their opinion. Tho learned member stated ttial he had '" abundant proof fiom members of the Dar thit tho learned '-" gcnllcman'a appointment would havo been aoceptnhlo to thom ; but admitting that, was it not a remarkuble thing that none of these gcatUmcn uidoiroured to «so their influence with the government to secute the learned gentleman's appointment! Sut, apart from this, the Government had abundant means of knowing that tho learned member's appointment would ' - not bo occrptnble to the liar, whilst Sir James Martin was ttirm to lake tho otlico. Ile said this, not with any idea of dire- editing the great power nnd ability of the , learned member, which he lull j- admitted, but for tho purpose pt «bowing the position in whtob tho Government founl themselves, and the information at their disposal. And when the hun. and learned member claimed this tf9:t on the ground of a promise, and of his not having been informed of the withdrawal of tlat promise until tho Jih November,he thought that when the House , took into consideration what had occurred on the S 1st October, , many of the g'ouiida on which the learned mombor rostet bia claim would be cut away irom him, oven though tha learned gen- tleman were Attorney-General, and from his position could lay claim to the cfll;e. When the learned member wa» shown Mr. Samuel's letter, he waa informed tint Mr. Sutherland nnd Mr. Farnell wero opposed to him, and thit there wero thus four of his oolleupnca antagonistic to 'his appointment. The wiser courte for Ibe learned member, and the one that would have placed bim in a better position beforo tho country, would have been for him to withdraw his claim, and return the promiso made to bim. i Mr. BUTLER admitted that ho had been fhown a letter from Mr. Samuel, but »peaking from memory, thought that tho utmost it went to, waa to express a wish lha.t ho (Mr. Butler) would not insist upon his claim to iho vacant ollloc of Chief Justico. So with the letter referring to Mr. Sutherland, it would hardly bear the construction put upon it, and he thought the botter courte woidd be to put those lettcre on the table, when they would speak for thcmsolvea. Mr. ROBERTSON aald that ho had all through this nutter endeavour! d to keep hiinrdf clear of It, and jet the bon. gentle- man at the heart of the- Government had ntlaokcd him, assenlng that he bad Hied to eica, e from an adverse vota on tho resolution of the bon. member for the Gold-flclds Went by maring tho pre- vious question. The bon. member was dealing most unjustly with . him in this matter, lor he cared nothing for what becamo of tho motion, since he concurred in the appointment ot Sir James , Martin, though, if ihe learned member for Atgj-le had been ap- pointed, he would never bare taken any steps against the Govern- ment for making such n| poinlmcnt, and bo had said us much to hon, membete. In this way ho could have nothing to do with the matter, and ho hid informed the bon, member for the Gold-fields Wot that he should not voto for the motion, and, further, that ho should do all in lils power to prevent a volo being taken on it at all. When tbo matter was beforo the House on a former occasion he said nothing, and to-night he did not deairc to say anything. He regretted thnt theso two bon, members had not thought proper to wash thilr dirty linen at home. He thonght that the thing was discreditable to both of them. Ile looked upon tbo whole thing with su oh pity and contempt that he did not desire to gire expression to bia viowa until he win provoked by the ' speech of iho Colonial fec.ctaiy to-night. Tho Colonial Secre- tary compluincd ot hie want ol' courage in moving tho previous question; but why did not that hen. member mike his speech on the motion of the bon. member for the Western Gold Kidds! It . was became ho wanted to have the right of leplf, and he there- fore resorted lo tbo trick of moving the adjournment of the House. We had heard how that the personal irlendthip of these gentlemen hart lasted for twenty year», but he had luown these gi oilemcn, and it appeared to hint that they had a moat remarkable way of setting forth their friendship. The hon. member for Argyle had the reputation of being a great constitu- tion»! lawyer ; but ho naked how, if the lion, member knew that ho was io be Chief Juatiee four months ago, ho dared to give his votes in this Hourn trim that timo to this. [Mr. BUTLER: The place was not vacant ] That did not affect tho question. The Colonial Sccretai y wns one of the most adroit men that he know, and he could quite understand how ft suited the tactics of tho Colonial Fecictaiy to retain the powerful support of tho bon. member for Argyle. Uo condemned the condnot of both of these lion, membcis for maVing this appointment n matter of political barter. The Colonial Secret.ry . repretcnted thal ho had been simply imprudent, and that was tcrtainly a very gushing plausible way of putting all this scheming, meanness, and pretence. Who ever heard oía Minister or a friend holding an inquiry into the conduct of his oolloaguo without letting him know that an inquiry was going on, and who wore the persons called up to give evidence againit bim ! In the debato in reference io Mr. Moriarty, a week or two ago, there was a majority against tbo Government ; and while the Attorney - Ocneial was blui.deilng on in his speech, his colleagues were bar- gaining behind his back to cell him likoa bullock. He hat co proof of it, but whut waa going on at that time was quite autllciont to justify that contlution. [Mr. PARKES: Tho non. member knona more about it than I do.] Tho bon. member's innocence, was proverbial;-(laughter)-but ho would not mislead bim. The bon. member had been oeked how was it he had discovered all his colleague's imperfections to lato in tho day ? flow was it they were not found ont beforo ! He thought that while the hon. member for Argyle waa making hie speech u»on tho Moriarty debate, it was extremely probab'o that the hon. Colonlil Secre- tary arts making a bargain behind hia back. That wai the occasion upon which the treachery took place. Ho thought Ibe conduct of the hon. gentleman at tho bead of the Government waa in Ihe highest degrco unbecoming. Tap hon gentleman said that some Roman Catholic gentleman of great distinction called upon bim to work bim up agalnet his oollcague Bo thought if such a thing occurred they ougnt to havo this gen- tleman's name, bnt he doubted very muob whether the bon. gen- tleman could give als name, and he supposed that he was the «arno sort of myth aa lb» Kiama Ghost. Ho was surprised tit the .tatcmont of the hon. gentleman that this correspondence w is not tor publication, and be tra* convinced that the hon. gcutleaiac, in keeping copies of bia letters, foresaw that they would be pub- lished. Ile denied that an appointment waa made by a Minister alone, because tbe law said that tke Governor and Executive ?Council should do te. Although so much good feeling would appear to exist between the bon. member for Argyle, as exhibited m tbe correspondente, he believed the whole thing w ¡s a sham, and that there was something more behind the mutter than tho correspondence or speeches disclosed. Mr. LUCAS said that the proceeding which had occurred thit evening: was the moat extraordinary he had ever witnessed. In atcad of following the usual course, a division waa taken ti rat and the debate afterwards. He thought that the carrying of tbe prerious question waa as great a defeat na if the original resolu- tions wero carried, and when the Colonial Secretary moved the adjournment of tbe Houae, be thought It waa fur the purpose of enabling '.ho Government to consider their position, and to rot iln office until their suecestort were appointed. But instead of tbla he lonna the hon. gentleman taking advantage of his motion to enter into a defence of his action in reference to the appointment of Chief Justice. This matter ?" under discussion waa one personal to two colleagues, and the re- sult of their falling ont was that tbe best man that could bo ob- tained to tbe oolony bad been appointed to fill tho position. Ho did not therefore tee that tbe Government wero deserving of con- demnation, although he was of opinion that the hon. member for Argyle had not been properly treated by the hon. Colonial Secre- tary. Borne Injutiee, than, bad been done to tho late Attorney General, but it waa enthely a personal matter between those .entletnen. Perhaps the Attorney-General waa badly ttcatcd; t, ut at long at Ibe Mat man wat appointed, the country and that ?, ouse bad nothing to complain of He regretted that this bad ,L opeted. Be could tell the Colonial Treasurer that tevora! ""> nbert of the Opposition did not wish to see tho Oorernment ?',rl etbeTreatnry benehet juat yet, and he was one ofthoec. " r' did not think lb* <fme bad come tor that, and * a voto that .venina; woola tura them out be would not give It. He had been In Opposition, but his opposition vue a fair one ; and he would not wlin to turn thom out until the country wns convinced that they worn no longer fit to administer the affaira hf iho oottntry. It tho Houso would lo ivo tlnni slono, they would sion commit political suicido. Ho vo-ed tor the previous question simply becauso he thought this nutter »ns personal, nnd he did not clunk thl« wits u matter upon which the Government shou'd bo put out, and seeing that tho bett man bad been appointed. Tho Colont.il ¡?corc-tary and tho Into Attomey-Gimi'ral hart bcon friend« for tiver ly loam, nnd he hoped thal frlcndhlilp would not bo broken up aüugetlier. Ile consldeio t that tho lo ter of iho inila Navena hi r was mott insulting io Hie Isle Altornoy-Goneral, and ho oon s ¡deicd that the conduct of that hon. gi niltni»ii hud been all th >t could havo been cxpeoicd ot him. lie sr.oul.l not hnvo spoken had not tho Colonial Scciotary ncouscrt tho Opposition of trca ohciy nnd duplicity. Ho denied that tho Opposition woro rirsiious of passing a volo of Centura upon tho Govern- ment. Hut in his opinion tho volo of that evening I'inoiititcil to a direct roto of oonturo upon tho Government. 'Die previous question h ml been moved li/ the, leader of the opposition, and the Government wero Undi it in a defeat by a Im go iiinjnrlty. Ho ogndciiirod'tho eonduot of tlio Colonial, tjccntaryin moving the adjournment of tho Houac, instead of' »ri-nking urqti the oilginal mutton. Mr. \\\ KAUNK eoulit only say that tho ohargc« of seoUrUnWm und Wgotiy ho threw back uptm llmpo who hud mado them. Ho tiled to du UU limy. Ill» fiellngn woro towards tho priment (?oven mont, and whatever feeling* ho had ho i-xprossed freely. {te »vus one of tho two member* spoken of, and wli>t ho «aid wa« hht theie wero n doren membor« who wore opposed to tho arpntiinicnt of the Into Attorney-General, and ho did not give any i eligious motiven. Ho lind mated that ho believed the appoint- ment of the present Chief Justice wns moro acceptable, to tho eoimtiy than that of llio lato Altorniy-Gouoml wuuld havo boen, Ile dcnltil 'any knowledge of oollusion vi h regard to tho vote ho give -with retcrer.ee to Mr. Mor mi ty, a« far as ho wa« ooncorned, aul he'entirely dUavbncdcvor huvlug been uoluntod by atetarían, motives. ' j Mr. liUKNS thought It was a most Improper thing for'nny lion, member» to have gono to the Government in the way tua two member» nine said lo have dono. Wlih icgard to the Moriarty vote, he believed ccitaln member» hid left the home in ootiso qi-cicu of soma comrkuniomton from Hie Government with rein once to the appointment ot Chief Juailco. Ii would seem ilml the Government lind beon going «bout lu a seo-savr manner lo finit oin baw hen. member* would voto. Ho (Hil not »étimo tho Colonial Seorttaiy of, yielding lo sectarian motives. ' lio believed the bon. member was above It, but ho wai not nbnvo yic'iiuig to political motives. Ho would have given the appolnt ment of Chief Justice to tho late Aitonioy-Gend al, . nly ho. thmight tbe Ilnuio would bo averse to! it, Tl.c Colonial Secretary snubbed the two hun. numbers that wont lo him, and properly bo too. Altcrwnrda thrra wa» a strong foil- ing against the Government for roippointlng Mr. Moriarty, and undir cover of this there was »onie compact marta by whichello Government secured tbo mppnrl of raouibnrs by throwing orar the han. and learned member lor Argylo. no did not think thit a better msn would bo found than Sir J «mea Martin for !tho oflico of Chief Jurtico ; Tot the Moura would hare bran smiiflorl l( the Govonsincrt had appointed the late Attornoy-Gcnoral. Tho. Colonial ¡kciotary thould havo muflo his speech t cloro tho House canto to a dcolsion till» evening. Tho notion of tho hon. nienaber for the Western Gold-Acids bad been cntlloly his own, and It was too much for the' Colonial Secretary to say that the membor» of the Uoute desired to support his motion If thoy thought ' ii would be carried. Ho thought that tt wns not deilrablo to remove tho Government at iho prenoat tim*; though'ho thought their power of u,efulnoss wa» gone. Tho notion of tho Government hnd been to try nnd prevent tho previous question . being carried, nnd they had been defeated. " > Mr. WATSON denied that ho had beon one of the deputation who had waited upon tho Coloidal Bcorotary; and ho had nover tiled to liitíucnco tho Go vermin nt In any way In the appointment. He was m.kcd io raak» one ot tho deputation to the Colonial Sccrotaiy, but he hail declined to do >o. . I Mr. nUR< EY (C. C.) believed thal there was an undoubted opposition to the appointment of tho late Attornoy-Qenarabby hon. urmbers; and bo censured mi m tiers for shirking responsi- bility In tho matter. He had never at any lime spoken to iho Colonial Secretary about tho appointment or sought to coerce the Government. When the Colonial Seerctary found that tho whole of h.a colleagues were against Mr.'Iiutlir'a appointment, he could noi do otherwise than pay attention to their views. ; Mr. IlAt'lIAKI. said he was one of those who denied that nlno tcen-twcnttctlis of tbo i copio of the eountry woro ugalnst Mr. Uullc-i's appointment. He was asked to second tho motion brought forward by tho lion, tnembar for tho Western Oold l'lolds, but declined, no thought It was ii pity that tho subjeot waa not allowed to drop, and he regretted that tho Colonial Secretary had thought fit to move tho adjournment of tho House, nnd thus have prolonged a debate on* a mtjeol that shouldbe allem ed to drop. 'He deprcoatrd the sectarian animosities thai existed in. ibis country, and which bad been Introduced into tho proceeding* of ihclloufc. Mr. GARRETT was still of opinion that tho right thing lind been done, but It had been done in tho most wrongful wny. In tcicrcnco to tho motion be brought forward a few weeks ngo.fin rilercrce te the appointment of cenatn publio oftiocrs, ho said \- thal «ben ho brought It forward he waa assured that It would bo cairli'd. Hut after tho debato upon It had oommenoed a mar- vellous chango was wrought upon bon. member. Fourteen or tlfteen members who had promised to vote for tho motion, and who were most active In getting support to it, in order to pre- vent the Government from appointing Mr. Butter, cither abstained from voting for tlio ínotiin or Toted agatnn It. With regard ¡to the subject under dlsoustion, he contended that tho moro It whs rifled tho moro dbcrcdlt did It retient upon tho Government for turpitude and treachery. And not all tho wators of tho racine wou'd wash out tho stains that bud boen cast upon the country. Ile thought tbe debata ought to hare been taken betöre the riivlelon on the motion brought forward by tho hon. member for the Wcstirn Golcfleld*. Mr. FORstER thought, a« the Colonivi Secretary had said that thl» wa' n matter not of vory great publio int rest, tt was worth while inquiring vvbat ends wme intended to be served by tho lorig debate that bad ensued through tho ooutso which had boen talen by tho Colonial Sooretary. Ho thought thit tbo spceoh of tho Colonial Treasurer and other hon. members, as to thu high motive* which (ho Colonial .Secretary clalme.l forhim«elf showed concluilvily that the only motive which influenced tho Govern- ment in tho matter was tho fe« of losing their offices. Whatever aim the Govcrnm nt might have hail In b-lnglng this discussion on- ned it would seem that the Colonial rccretary had taken tho oouiíc he nid m order to havo tho privilege ot a reply-ho thought It wasobvloua that It would require n »rent deal moro ability than that hon. gentleman possessed to umove tho impressions thit would be created in tho public mind by the revelations that titi been made. I MISERAI. PURCHASE. [ Mr. It. B. SMITH move -" That thero bo laid upon the table of this House copies of tho correspondence and of all applications, memorials, reports, minutes, deietiptlons, plans, or other docu- ments, dated since tho 1st day of September. 1873, having reference to any application by Richard Neville, Thomas Novillo, James Lvnch, and Robert Martin, or by Neville, Martin, and party, or bj Hillier, Thorno, and party, tor a mineral seleotlon of forty acres of land at Milburn Creek, county of llathurst." At this hue hour he would not go Into particular«, as ho did not think there would bo any objection to the motion, I The motion wa» «gncd to. j The House adjourned at twenty minute! to 1, till 4 o'clock on the euine day, j 