?^v Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTURE. «Y THE AUTHORESS OF ' LADY AUDLEY'S 8ECRET,' &c.; [The right of publication has been purchased by the proprietor! of the Sydney Mail.] CHAPTER III. Habd Hit. Lucius Davoren found himself curiously disturbed by the memory of that pretty face in his own rank of life — that glimpse of a fireside different from the common 'firesides of the Shadrach-Basin district — the fat and ;prosperous hearths, where the atmosphere was odorous with tea, shrimps, muffins, and gin- and- water ; the Barren hearth-stoves by which destitution hugged itself in its rags. He went about his daily work with his accustomed earnestness, was not whit the less tender . to the little children, watched with the same anxious care by pauper sick beds, handled, shattered limbs or loathsome sores with the same gentle touch : in a word, did his duty thoroughly in this dismal initiative stage of his career. But he never passed Cedar House without a regretful sigh and a lingering gaze at its blank upper windows, which, showing no trace of the life withui, had a wall-eyed look that was worse than -the utter blindness of closed shutters. He sometimes went out of his way even for the sake of passing those inexorable walls. He wasted a few minutes of his busy day loitering by the iron gate, hoping that by some kindly caprice of Fortune the pale sweet face of Lucille Sivewright would appear behind the rusty bars, the ponderous hinge would creak, and the girl ~who haunted his thoughts would emerge from her gloomy prison. ' Does she never come out ?' he asked himself one .fine winter day, when there was sunshine even in the realms of Shadrach. It was a month after his adven ture with Homer Sivewright, and he had lingered at the gate a good many times. ' Does she never breathe \- the free air of heaven, never see the faces of mankind ? Is she a cloistered nun in all but the robe, and without the companionship which may make a convent toler able ? — without even the affection of that one w&Tped; nature ? for how coldly her grandfather spoke of her 1 'What a life !' He pitied her intensely — this girl, whom he had only known for one brief hour. If any one had sug gested that he was in love with her he would have scorned the notion ; yet there are passions which en ? dure for a lifetime, which defy death, and blossom ^above a grave, though their history may be reckoned by a few hours. ' Love at first sight is but the fancy of poets and ' foolB,' thought Lucius ; ' but it would be strange if I were not sorry for a fair young life thus blighted.' His violin had a new pathos for him now in those rare hours of leisure when he laid aside his books and ?opened the case where that magician lay perdu. His ? favourite sonatas, his choicest bits of Viotti, and Spohr, and De Beriot, breathed a languid melancholy which sounded to him like the complaint of an im prisoned soul — that princess of fairy tale— the brica brac dealer's granddaughter. But to think of her thus, as he played dreamily by his lonely fireside, was only to feel a natural compassion for an oppressed fellow-creature. ThiB tendency to dwell upon one subject, and that a foolish one, since his pity could not be of the smallest service to its object — finally worried him not a little. 'Thus it was that finding himself his own master an hour or so earlier than usual one January afternoon he told himself that the wisest thing he could do 'would be to get away from the Shadrach Road atmo sphere altogether. 'The life I lead is too narrow, too completely monotonous,' he thought ' No wonder I have taken to exaggerate the importance of trifles. Yes, I wilj' - refresh myself by a few hours' liberty in a brighter world. I will go and hunt up Geoffrey Hossack.' They were firm friends still, though* their lives lay us wide apart as two rivers which have their source from the same watershed and wander off by opposite ways to the sea, never to touch again. They had. lost eight of each other for some time of 'Tate. Geoffrey, ever a peripatetic spirit, had been doing Norway, with an excursion into Lapland, during the last two yearB ; but a letter received just before Christmas had announced his return, and his sojourn at a manor house in Yorkshire. ' I Bhall begin the pew year in the City of cities,' be wrote ; ' and one of my first occupations will be to beat up your quarters in that queer world of yours beyond the Tower. But if you are kind enough to forestall me, dear old boy, you will find me in my old rooms at Philpott's. — Yours, as per usual, G. H.' The new year bad begun, and had brought no sign from Geoffrey ; so Luciub took advantage of his leisure to go westward in quest of his friend. He detested the slow toriures of an omnibus and was too poor to pay for a hansom, so he gave himself the luxury of a walk. That journey took him almost from one end of Lon don to the other. The forest of spars, the rope- walk, the open gates of the docks, the perpetual procession of hogsheads, cotton bales, iron bars, packing-cases, and petroleum barrels, gave place to the crowded streets of the City, where all the operations of com merce seemed to be carried on quietly, by men who walked to and fro, carrying no merchandise, but buying and selling as it were by sign and countersign. Then came that borderland on the westward side of Temple Bar — that somewhat shabby and doubtful region where loom the churches of St. Clement and St. Mary, which seem to have been specially designed as perpetual standing impediments to the march ef architectural progress in this quarter ; then the brighter shop- windows and more holiday air of the western Strand ; and then Charing Cross ; and a little way farther on, hanging-on to the skirte of Pall Mall and the clubs, behold Philpott's, or the Cosmopolitan Hotel, an old-fashioned house with a narrow facade in red brick, pirched-in between its portlier neighbouis — a house which looked small, but boasted of making up forty beds, and retaining all the year round a staff of thirty servants. Mr. Hossack was at home. The waiter of whom LuciuB asked the question brightened at the sound of his name, as if he had been a personal friend, and took Lucius under his protection on the instant. ' This way, sir ; the first floor. Mr. Hossack has his own particular rooms .here. 'We once turned out a cabinet minister to accommodate him.' ' A general favourite, I suppose r' ' Lord, bless you, sir, down to the vegetable maid we worship him.' The enthusiastic waiter opened the door and uBhered in the gueBt. There had been no question as to card or name. Geoffrey HoBsack was as accessible as the sunshine. He was half buried in a low capacious chair, his head flung back on the cushions, a cigar between his lips, an open French novel flung face downwards on the carpet beside him amongst a litter of newspapers. The winter dusk hid almost deepened into night, and the room was unlighted save by the fire. Yet -even in that fitful light Lucius saw that his friend's counten ance was moody ; a fact so rare as to awaken curiosity or even concern. ' Geoff, old fellow !' ' Why, Davoren !' starting up from his luxurious repose and flinging the unfinished cigar into the fire. ' How good of you ! And I ought to have come to your place. I've been in London a fortnight.' ' My dear old boy, one hardly expects Alcibiades be yond theMinories. I've been living at that dingy end of the town until to come westward is a new sensation. When I saw Trafalgar- square and the lighted windows of yonder Club to-night, I felt like Columbus when he sighted the coast of San Salvador. 1 had a leisure afternoon, and thought I couldn't spend it better than in looking you up. And now, Geoff, for your Nor wegian and Laplandian experiences. You were look ing uncommonly gloomy when I came in, as if your memories of the north were not of the brightest.' ' My northern memories are pleasant enough,' said the other, putting aside the question lightly, just in that old familiar way Lucius knew bo well. ' Come, Lucius, plant yourself there,' rolling over another capacious (hair, the last device of some satanic up holsterer for the propagation of slothful habits ; ' take one of those Havanas, and light up. I can never talk freely to a ™-' till I can hardly see his face across the clouds -?f his tobacco — a native modesty of disposition. IsuppoBe; or perhaps tint disinclination to look my fellow man straight in the face which is accounted one of the msrks of a v llainous character. Goodish weed, isn't it ? Do you remember the Rocky Moun tains, Davoren, and the long days and nights when there was no tobacco ?' ' Do I remember r' echoed the surgeon, looking at tl e fire. 'Ami ever likely to forget ?' ' Of course not. The question was a mere /agon de parler. .There i re things that no man can forget. Can I forget, for ins1 ance, how you saved my life? how through all those wearisome nights and days when I was lying rolled up in my buffalo skins ravirfg like a lunatic, fancying myself in all sorts of places and among all sorts of people, you were at once doctor and sick nurse, guardian and provider?' '? Please don't talk of that time, Geoff. There are some things better forgotten. I did no more for you ihan I'd have done for a stranger ; except that my heart went with my service, and would have almost broken if you had died. Our sufferings — and our peril, at that time, seem to me too bitter even for re membrance. I can't endure to look back at them.' 'Strange!' exclaimed Geoffrey lightly. 'Tome they afford an unfailing source of satisfaction. I rarely order a dinner without thinking of the days when my. vital powers were sustained — ' sustained ' is hardly the word, say rather ' suspended ' by mouldy pemmican, I seldom open a new box of cigars with out remembering those doleful hours in which I smokfd dried grass flavoured with the last scrapings of nicotine fiom my meerschaum. It is the reverse of what somebody says about a sorrow's crown of so. row. The memory of past hardship sweetens the comfort of the present. But I do shudder sometimes when I remember awakening from my delirium to find you down with brain fever, and that poor little Dutch man sitting awe-stricken by your side, like a man who had been holding converse with spirits. I don't mean schnapps, but something uncanny. Tnank God, those Canadian emigrants found us out next day, or He only knows how our story would have ended.' 'Thank God !' echoed Lucius solemnly. 'After one dismal day I can remember nothing till I found myself strapped Tike a bundle upon a horse's back riding through the snow.' 'We moved you before you were quite right in your head,' answered Geoffrey apologetically. ' The Canadians wouldn't wait any longer. It was our only chance of being put into the right track ' ' You did a wise thing, Geoff. It was good for me to wake up far from that wretched log hut.' ' Come now, after all, we had some very jolly times there,' said Geoffrey, with his habit of making the best of life ; ' sitting by the blazing pine logs jawing away like old boots. It was only when our 'baccy ran out that existence became a burden. I give you my * honour that sometimes when civilised life begins to hang heavy I look 'back to the Rocky Mountains with a regretful sigh. I almost envy that plucky little Dutchman who left us in British Columbia, and went on to San Francisco to dig for gold.' ' I verily believe, Geoff, you would have contrived to be cheerful in the Black Hole at Calcutta, or on the the middle passage. You have a limitless reserve fund of animal spirits.' ' There you're wrong. I believed as much myself till the other day. But I have lately discovered a latent faculty hitherto unsuspected even by myself, the capacity for being miserable.' ' You have sustained some family affliction — or your' have taken to wearing tight boots. ' Neither. I wish you'd help yourself to some brandy-and-Boda yonder,' pointing to aside-table on which those refreshments were pro\ ided, and ringing the bell clamorously ; ' I'll order dinner before I un bosom myself, George,' to the enthusiastic writer, who appeared in prompt answer to the noisy sum mons, ' the best you can do for this gentleman and me, at 7 sharp ; and don't come fidgeting in and out to lay the cloth until five minutes before you bring the soup tureen. By the way, we'll begin with oysters and Montrachet, and you can give us a bottle of Yquem afterwards. No Bp&rkling; wine. We'll wind np with Chambertin, if you've a bottle in good condi tion. But don't bring it half-frozen out of the cellar « or muddled by hasty thawing. Exercise judgment, George; you have to deal with connoisseurs. Now,' (O linued this epicurean youth, flinging himself back into the depths of his chair, ' before I begin my egotis tical prosing, let me hi ar what you've been doing all this time, my Lucius.' ' T hat may be told in two words. Hard work.' '? Poor old Davoren ! ' '? Don't take that simple statement as a complaint. It is work I like. I might have set up my Penates in. what is called a genteel neighbourhood, and earned my crust a good deal more easily than I can earn it yonder. But 1 wanted wide experience — a complete initiation — and I went where humanity is thickest. The result has more than satisfied me. If ever I move westwaid it will te to Savile-row.' The sybarite contemplated him admiringly, yet with, a stifled yawn, as if the very contemplation of so much, vital foice were fatiguing. ' Upon my word, I don't know that I wouldn t ex change my three-per-cents for your ambition, Lucius,' he said. ' To have something to achieve, somet' i -g- to win — that is the keenest rapture of the human mind, that makes the chief delight of the chase. Upon my~ honour, I envy you. I seem to awake to the convic tion that it is a misfortune to be born with the pro verbial silver spoon in one's mouth.' ' The man who begins life with a fortune start* ahead of the penniless struggle!1 in the race for fame,' answered the surgeon. 'There is plenty of scope for your ambition, Geoff, in spite 'of the threeper cents.' ' What could I do ? ' ' Try to make yourself famous.' 'Net possible. Unless I took to a pea-green coat, like that rich young planter's son in the last genera tion ! Fame! bah! for Brown, Jones, or Robinson to talk of making themselves famous is about as prepos terous as it would be for HampBtead-hill to try and. develop a volcano. Men born to fame have a special brand upon their foreheads, like the stamp on Veuve Clicquot's champagne corks. I think I see it in the 'anxious lines that mark yours, Lucius.' '? There is the senate,' said Davoren ; ' the natural aim of an Englishman's ambition.' ' What ! truckle to rural shopkeepers for the privi lege of wasting the summer evenings and the spring tides in a stuffy manufactory of talk? Pas si bete ! ' ' After all,' returned Lucius, with -a faint sigh, ' you have something better than ambition, which is. only life in the future— mere fetish worship, perhaps. — or the adoration of a shadow which may never be come a substance. You have youth, and the power to enjoy all youth's pleasures, which means life in the present.' ' So I thought myself till very lately,' answered Geoffrey, with another sigh ; ' but there is a new flavour of bitterness in the wine of life. Lucius, I'm. going to ask you a very serious question. Do you. believe in love at first sight ? ' A startling question at any rate, for it brought the hot crimson blood into the surgeon's toil- worn face. Happily they were still sitting in the firelight, which. .. just now waxed dim. ' About as much as I believe in ghosts or spirit rapping,' he answered, coldly. ' Which means that you've, never seen a ghost or had a message from spirit-land,' answered Geoffrey. ' Six months ago I should have called any one anas who could love a woman ot whom he knew no more than that her face waa lovely and her voice divines But as somebody — a baker's daughter, wasn't she ? — observed, ' We know what we are, but we know not what we may be ? ' ' ' You have fallen in love, Geoff.' ' Descended into abysmal depths of folly, a millim fathoms below the soundings of common sens *. There's nothing romantic in the business either, which, of course, makes it worse. It's only foolish.- I didn't save the lady's life by stopping a pair of horses that were galloping to perdition with her, or by swimming .out a mile or so to snatch her from the devouring jaws of an ebb tide. I have no excuse jbr my madness. The lady is a concert singer, and I first saw her while dancing attendance upon some country cousins who were staying in town the other day, ana led me like a victim to musical mornings and evening recitals, and so on. You know that I nave not a passionate love of music.' * \,.- ' I know that you hadayery moderate ippreciatiom of my violin.' — - V ^ — e tunes eounded bo much-alike. Want of course. However, my cousins — Arabella and CaroWFolthorpe.mcegfrlg, butdomi rieermg—mEisted that I should go to concerts, so I 'went. They both sing and play, and wanted to ini prove their etyle, they &aid; aelfiihly ignoring the \ fact that I had no style' to improve, and allowing me i I»y for all the tickets. One morning — splendid i weather for snowballing ; I wished myself young j again and at Winchester, as I looked at the streets — j we went to a recital at a dreary-looking house near j Manchester-square, lent by the proprietor. The con- j Ctrl people might as well have borrowed a roomy I family vault. It would have been quite as cheerful. ! Well, we surrendered our tickets — parallelograms of sky-blue pasteboard, and uncommonly dear at half-a- ' t guinea — to a shabby footman who ushered us upstairs j over a threadbare stair carpet to a faded drawing xoom, where we found 6ome elderly ladies of the ! * dowdy order, and a miscellaneous collection of antique ! fentlemen in well-worn coats of exploded cut. These i took to represent the musical nobility. It was not [ a cheerful concert. First came a quartette, in ever eo m any p ar t s, likeja dull sermon ; a quartette for a piano, a violoncello, and two fiddles, with firBtly, and secondly, and thirdly. Every now and then, when the violon cello gave, forth rather deeper groans than usual, or one of die fiddles prolonged a wire-drawn chord, the musicaf nobility gave a little gasp, and looked at one : another, and one of the old gentlemen tapped the lid I of his snuffbox. After the quartette we had a pi&no-; I forte eoIo, to my unenlightened mind an arid waste of I tuneless chords, and little meandering runs to no I where in particular, a little less interesting than a I problem in Euclid. I prefer my cousin Arabella's I hearty thumping and frantic rushes up and down the B keyboard to this milk-and-water style, which is, I I understand, classical. Number three was a voeal duet by Handel, which T^on't describe, as it lulled me into a placid slumber. When 1 re-opened my I eyes there web a gentle murqiur of admiration floating in the atmosphere, and I ijbeheld a lady dressed in black, with a sheet of musipFin her hand, waiting for ?die end of the symphony.' '''$ I 44 The lady, 1 suppose,' said Lucius, duly in I tereBted. * ? . 41 The lady. I won't attempt to deBcrib.e her ; for j after all what can one say of the loveliest woman ex | eept that she has a straight nose, fine eyes, a delicate I complexion ? And yet these constitute so small a part I cf her beauty, one may Bee them in the street every 1 day. This one stood there like a statue in the cold |F wintry light, and seemed to me the most perfect being I 1 had ever beheld. She appeared divinely uneon&ci-; II cub of her beauty, as unconscious as Aphrodite must || have been in that wild free world of newborn Greece, If though all creation worshipped her. She didn't look p about her with a complacent smile, challenging admi jh ration. Her dark-fringed eyelids drooped over the II violet-grey eyes, as she looked downward at the H music. Her dress was ; Quaker-like, a linen collar I round the full firm throat, the perfect arm defined by I the plain black sleeve. Art had done nothing to en | hance or to detract from her beauty. She sang | *? Auld Robin Gray ' in a voice that went to my k inmost heart. The musical nobility sniffed and mur M mured rapturously. ..The old gentleman rapped his If, snuffbox, and said Bwava! and the song was rede ![? manded. She curtsied and began' something about mi a blue bodice and Lubin, and in this there were bird | like trills, and a prolonged shake, clear and strong as I the carol of a skylark. Lucius, 1 was such a demented ! ass at that moment, that if the restraints of civilisa | tion hadn't been uncommonly strong upon me, I jt- should have blubbered like a schoolboy before' a m ? caning.' | 44 Something in the timbre of the voice,' said Lucius, I ?' simpatica.' | 41 Sim-anybody you like, it knocked me over like a p ekittleball.' | ? 44 Have you seen her since ? ' i | 14 Have I seen her ! I have followed her from con ; | ceit-ipom to concert-room, until my tensorium — that's ! | the word, isn't it r — aches from the amount of classical | '?!: music that has been inflicted upon it — the x minors I I and z majors, and eo forth. Sometimes I hunted her j | down in some other aristocratic drawing-room, by the | kind permission, &c.; ; sometimes 1 found her at the j Hanover-square Rooms. Mitchell has a standing [ | order to send me a ticket for' every concert at which | % she sings. It's deuced h&Td; work. Fin due this time to-morrow at St. George's Hall, Liverpool.' 44 Rut, my dear old Geoff, can anything be more i |[ foolish ? ' expostulated Lucius, forgetful of that rusty | old gate in the Sh&drach; Road, to which purest pity : ft had often led him. | 44 1 daresay not. But I can't help myself.' || 44 Do you know anything about the lady ? ' j| 44 All that a diligent process of private inquiry j jf could discover, and yet very little. The lady is a III widow ? ' ;|| ~ 44 Disenchanting fact.'' i|l 4,Her name, Bertram.' ill '? *' Assumed, no doubt.' - | p; 44 yery possibly. She has lodgings in Keppel-street, I IP HusBell-square, and lives a life of extreme seclusion I ; | with her maid and one little girl. I saw the child one r ?' morning, a seraph of seven or eight, with flowing If j flaxen hair, blue frock, and scarlet legs, like a tropical fj | bird, or a picture by Mlllais.' ifig 44 That soundB like respectability.' !|j| 44 Respectability ! ' cried ^ Geoffrey, flaming with §1 indignation. ' I would no more doubt' her virtue or |1 her honour thap'T would question the virtue .of my || dead mother, tjffyou had heard her sing 4 Vol che ; I sapete,' the deaf thrilling tones, now swelling into a I flood of melody, now sinking to the tenderest whisper ! Could such tones as those come from a foul heart ? 2fo, Lucius. I need no certificate of character to tell me that Jane Bertram is true.' \- jj; Lucius smiled — the slow 6mile of worldly wisdom — ' tj, and then breathed a faint regretful sigh for hie friend's |jl delusion. || 41 My dear Geoff,' he said, 41 1 daresay the conclu in! don yon arrive at . is natural to the unsophisticated Hj mind. A great orator addresses us like a demigod ; |8|| ergo, he must be by nature godlike. Yet his life may ||1} ; ; be ho better than Thurlow's or Wilkes's. A woman is dlvihely beautiful; and we argue that her soul, too, must be divine. The history of the musical stage tells -ub that there were women who sang like angels, yet were by no means perfect as women. For God's sake, 1 dear -old friend, beware of music. Of all mau's en f snarers the siren with lyre and voice is the most danger M ous. Of all woman's tempters he who breathes his 8 selfish prayer in musical concordBiB the most fatal. In fgfl my own family there has been a wretched example of 111 -thin nature. I speak with all the bitterness that comes [SI . from bitter experience.' |§| 44 That may be so,' returned the other, unconvinced ; ifg 44 but there tare instincts which cannot lie. My belief IB in Jane Bertram Is fixed as the sun in heaven.' fit 44 Did you contrive to obtain an introduction ?' Sift 44 No. I found that impossible. She knows no one, Jfiji goes nowhere, except for her professional engage lU ments. Even the people who engage her: — music pub 191 fishers, and what not — know nothing about her, ex 111 cept that she sings bettor than five out ofsix sopranos BB of established reputation, and that ahe has struggled IB into Her present modest position out of obscurity and IS tard iwork. -She was only a teacher of music until IB very lately, She would do wonders if she went on the IB stage,1 my ififonna&t; told me ; and such a course has [A been suggested to her ; but ahe peremptorily declined |H ' ? ? ? to enter/ain the idea.- She earns, in the season, from five to ten potinds a week. 'What a pittance for a goddess ! ' 44 And who was Mr. Bertram ? ' 44 1 was not curious upon that subject ; enough for me to know that he is in his grave. But had I been ever so inquisitive my curiosity must have gone un satisfied^ The people who know so little about her know still less about her late husband He has been dead some years. That is all they could tell me.' 44 And you positively go down to Liverpool to hear her sing r ' 44 As I would go back to the shores of the Red River for the same purpose. Ay, live again on mouldy pemmican, and hear again the howling of the wolves at sunset.' 44 And is this kind of thing to go on indefinitely.' 4 ' It will go on until circumstances favour my pas sion, until I can win my way to her friendship, to her confidence ; until I can say to her, without fear of repulse or discouragement, 4 Jane, I love you.' I am quite content to serve a longish apprenticeship, even to classical music, for the sake of that reward.' Lucius stretched out his hand, and the two men's broad palms met in the hearty grasp of friendship. 44 Upon my honour, Geoffrey, I admire you,' said the surgeon. 44 1 won't preach any more. Granted that your passion is foolish, at least it's thorough. I honour a man who can say to himself, 4 That woman I will mhiry, and no other ; that woman I will follow, through honour and dishonour, evil report and good report ? ' ' 44 Stop,' cried Geoffrey ; 44 let there be no mention of dishonour in the same breath with her name. If I did not believe in her truth and purity, I would pluck this passion out of my breast — as the Carthusian prior in the mediaeval legend plucked deadly-sin out of the entrails of St. Hugo of Lincoln — though I cut my heart open to do it. I love her, and I believe in her?' 44 And if you ceased to believe in her, you would cease to love her ? ' 44 Yes,' answered Geoffrey Hossack, firmly. He had risen from his seat by the hearth, and was pacing the dusky chamber, where the street lamps without and the red fire within made a curious half light. Truly had his friend called him thorough. Intense, passionate, and impulsive was this generous n&ture;—-a nature which had never been spoiled by that hard school in which all men must learn whose first necessity is to get their living, that dreary bread winner's academical career to which God condemned Adam as the direst punishment of his disobedience and deceit. 44 No longer shalt thou wander careless in these flowery vales and groves, where generous emotions and affectionate impulses and noble thoughts might bud and blossom in the happy idlesse. For thee, sinner, the daily round of toil, the constant hurry, the ever-goading pressure of sordid necessities, which shall make thee selfish and hard and remorse less, with no leisure in which to he kind to thy brother straggler, with hardly a pause in which to remember thy God ! ' 