TOWN TALK. A gentleman who recently visited the Stoney Creek reservoir states that now the whole of the water has been allowed to flow away down to the Little River, the unsatisfactory manner in which the dam was built can be fully appreciated, and sueh an abominable piece of work has never been seen in this or in any other country. It has long been known that the embankment was settling, but few expected to see such a disgraceful state of affairs as I has been disclosed by the running off of the water. The puddle wall has gone down in one mass, and in doing so has forced the face of the embankment forward to such an extent that there is a chasm be tween the two large enough, several chains in length, to admit a stack of hay. The large boulders at the bottom of the dam just joining the embankment have been forced upward and forward half a chain, and thereby formed an inclined plane from the dam to the reservoir. The whole of the metal has been stripped off the face of the bank, and will be used in the making of the new concrete dam, which is to be built in the creek, a few miles below, and the bank is to be cut down 30 feet, the earth thus obtained being thrown forward into the reservoir, thus materially adding to the strength of the embankment. Under the present system, it will be remembered, the pipes and tunnels connecting the main reservoir with the pipe head reservoir do not follow the Stony Creek, in which the new concrete dam is to be built. They will, however, be utilised under the new system, and it is calculated that, with the concrete dam and the reduced reservoir, the supply of water will be equal to what would have been obtainable had not the chief reservoir been reduced in size. The pipe head reservoir will be connected with the new dam, three quarters of a mile away, by means of pipes; the surplus water will escape from the original reservoir by the bye-wash, and run down the creek into the concrete dam; and it is expected that it will be fully six months before the collection of, water, is recommenced, so that in all pro bability another year will elapse before Geelong gets the inadequate supply of water to be provided for it. We have been requested by the secretary, of the Racing Club to remind owners of racehorses that allentries and acceptances, must be sent in to the stewards at the Victoria Hotel before'five o'clock. to-mor row afternoon. The final payment of 5 sovs. for the GeelongCup must also be sent in by the time mentioned. It is expected, notwithstanding many opinions to the contrary,' that the acceptances will be such as'-to make the race meeting on the 30th' and 31st instants more attractive than any meeting that has been held since the cham pion race was run here, and it is tolerably certain that the Maiden and other races will fill exceedingly well. More betting has taken place in Melbourne than ever was, before known, so early, on a Geelong "race; meeting, the chief betting being in doubles. So far, however, as Geelong' itself,is concerned, but little has, in the; absence of a bookmaker, been- done. Clodhopper is much fancied for the Gee-; long Cup, and Count for the Handicap; there.are, however, not a few who are de .sixous of, pinning their faith to Valentine for both events. Mr J. Thompson has, •it is stated, opened a book on the Handi •cap, the Cup, the Steeplechase, and the Hurdle Race, and it is proposed to lay £500 to £2 against anybody namiDg the winners of the four events.. In addition.to the" horses mentioned, Misty Morn and. Blue Peter are much fancied for the two' principal races, whilst Horizon and .Rein deer for the Hurdles,.and Vulcan and' Prior.for the £' big sticks" have been the. most' backed." Had the book-makers in "Melbourne on Saturday been prepared to lay 2500 to 500, Valentine would have .been, supported; to a large amount,, but no iho're'than 4 to. l-.conld be obtained against him for.'■either events, his hackers also .wanted 1000 to ,50 about him for the double event! '"The" following may' he looked upon 'as" the correct state of the odds, viz.Geelong Handicap and Cup, 4 to 1 offered; Count, Blue Peter, or Valentine, for the "Handicap, 5 to 1 wanted. The double, Count and the pick, 100 to' 6, taken and offered... The, two Clodhoppers, the two Blue Peters, the two Planefs, ,or two Valentines, 1000 to 5, • taken and offered. The two jumps, if "not laid," 100 to 4. The two handicaps and two jumps the Leviathan offers (if; not laid) '500 to 2. . ' " , An advertisement in the shape of a letter -which appeared in ooris9ue of Thursday, and purported to be signed by "Elizabeth Beek ham," appears to have been a malicious attempt to injure a most respectable young woman of a name so similar as to mark the malice. The pretended writer of the letter speaksof the man Gascoigne as her husband, and refers to their child, whilst the young woman whose name is so closely imitated is single, and the respectability of her cha racter unimpeachable. The matter has been placed in the hands of the police. The death of the ex-Emperor ■ of the French 'was discussed from all points of view on Saturday by persons of all coun tries, and of widely different opinions. Germans alleged that not only was he the best friend of England, but also the best friend that Germany had ever had, as he had been the means of replenishing the coffers of that Empire. Some Frenchmen regretted his end, while others whose anti pathy to the Napoleon dynasty is well | known, considered the death of " Stras Bonl-Par," a sobriquet given Napoleon by his opponents in memory of his attempts at Strasburg, Boulogne, and Paris, would dissipate the hopes of M. Ronher and many others, that he or his son would eventually mount the Throne of France. Many recalled the remark made by the ex-Emperor upon entering the prison at Strasburg, when he exclaimed, " At least I shall not die in exile." An accident is reported to have occurred a few evenings ago to Mr H. A. Smith i the postmaster at Batesford. He was re turning from the Moorabocl station, and driving down the hill leading to the town ship, when owing to the darkness his horse swerved off the road, crossed the pitched channel, and capsized the vehicle in which * . , — "-"Hiic in which I he was seated m a watercourse. Mr Smith was thrown out. and rprpmori « ? e \ , m wmuaiuu 01 the shoulder. It seems a pity that the framers of the I game law did not make the present a close I season, so far as hares are concerned, as we | learn that in some districts they are still carrying their young, while in others there I are young unable to shift for themselves. 1 Many farmers are determined to enforce I the trespass clause against any persons coursing on their lands without permission, and, among others, Mr C. Wyatt is buying young leverets for preserving. One of the workmen at the Vulcan Foundry, had his thumb so severely crushed by the steam-hammer on Saturday, that he had- to be admitted to the hospital. John M'Shane, the son of a cab proprietor, had his right foot badly hart through a horse which he was riding to water, falling with him. He was likewise received at the he«piui «a wauog, r As a rule the mouth of January is, in thi9 colony, characterised by in tense heat, this year it has been hot and cold, chiefly cold, and but that it could not be, it might be imagined that our seasons are about to be reversed. On Saturday we had pleasant weather, but during the night it commenced to rain, a southerly wind howled past the windows, and during the whole of Sunday it was enough to give anybody " a fit of the blues," aud many there were who pre ferred sitting by their firesides to venturing out to church or anywhere else. The very fact of fires being considered necessary for the comfort of any person in Victoria during the month of January, is a sufficient ' indication that it mast really be an extra ordinary season. Shareholders in the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company are reminded that the fourteenth half-yearly meeting of the company takes place at the Town Hall, this evening. It was supposed at the time the Ashby Roman Catholic Church was erected that the structure would be fonnd sufficient for the accommodation of the members ot tnai denomination for many years to come. Such, however, has proved not to be the case. Mass was celebrated yesterday by the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, of Warr nambool, when there was a large attend ance. Several members of the congre gation were nnable to gain admission,' and the porches were crowded with persons , unable to reach the interior of the build ing, who were thus partially exposed to the inclemency of the weather. It is stated that, during the services, Bome females, present fainted owing to the crowded state of the church, and had to be conveyed to the open air. The South Geelong Common School re; ,oppns--fo-dayr;-M5v-JEIadfield»f announces that his singing class will be resumed this evening. Mr Steedman resumes hi? 'in struction on the piano and harmonium on Wednesday. The classes at the' Ladies' College re-assemble on Friday ; " and Fiinder's School will re-opeii on Monday next. During the thunderstorm that occurred on Sunday, the dth instant, a valuable horse belonging to a farmer and publican at Batesford was killed by the lightning. The animal was grazing along with several other horses, and immediately after the storm was found dead, the only indication of injury being some blood that issued from one of its ears. A boy aged 12 years, named Frederick Hellwig, was brought before the Bench on Saturday, charged with vagrancy. The prisoner had been arrested at the instance of his mother, who resides in Ashby. It appeared that his father was living iiv Mel-: .bourne, and not being under proper parental control the youth was in the habit of absenting himself from home for days together. In order that the circumstances of the case might be fully enquired into,' the Bench remanded him till Monday. A resident near Bream Creek corro ; borates the statement made about the creek: being netted, and says the nets are staked every night. As Bream Creek attract? so many visitors from a" distance, it is advisa ble^ if onr anglers will not do so, that oiir Civic authorities should take some action to prevent this illegal practice. A reward of £5 or £10 might accomplish thi3 object. On Saturday evening a meeting in con nection with the Week of Prayer was held at the Primitive Wesleyau Church, Ashby. address for the evening was delivered byth e Kev. A. J. Campbell, the subject b?DS~1' Prayer for a larger outpouring of the Holy Spirit, for the increase of'Chris-' J.laS love aud zeal, and the union of be lievers in prayer and effect for Gad's glory. Prayers were subsequently offered up by the Revs. W. C. Banning, C. S. Y. Price, G. Slade, and Messrs Lemon and Tail! Last evening, a meeting waa held at the Mechanics'-Institute, when, notwithstand wg the inclemency of the weather there was a large attendance. An able ', and ®j?5hent address was delivered by the Rev. W.'C. Baaniagon the text "Let the whole ea ,^e ^ded whh His glory," and several effective prayers were offered up by some TT e'erSJrinen~ and * laymen present.' United communion' service will be held this evening at the High Church, Ghe-; nnghap-street, at which the Rev. T. M'JL Fraser will preside, rnd an address will be delivered by the Rev. C. S. Y. Price. ' : 4: , The only prisoners at the watchhouse last evening were an inebriate, and an old offender named Elizabeth Hutcheson, ar rested by Constable Fahey at an early hour yesterday morning on a charge of dis orderly conduct in a public place. - ■ .TIle. manner in which Whitfield's ser ,Vices in E were rendered by the newlv formed choir of St. Paul's yesterday morn ing was such as to afford great satisfaction to .those of the congregation who take a' delight m sacred music. In the " Decani "■ Mr? Goodall took the treble part, Mil,.; Sharp the alto, Messrs J. E. Down and Fletcher were the tenor, and Messrs W. Down and Slaughter the bass. And in the Cantons," Miss A. Earleand Mrs Palmer the treble, Miss Earle the alto, Mr Gilbert the tenor, and Messrs Powell and Meakin the bass. Hn the evening the anthem Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem." as arranged by Hovello, was beautifully sung Ihe congregation are to be cougratu ! upon the possession of such an efficient at the0orgahn0.riSterS- Mr ^^resided • ®ne weather on Saturday afternoon at theClaf crowded a«endance of visitors at the performance by the artillery band in the Botanical Gardens, and th7 style in 2* attract,ve programme was exe cuted, did credit to the performers. It has been suggested that the trustees of the the h» % provide more seats round the band pavilion for the benefit of visitors ' Mr Charles Wyatt reports that there " I be a most abundant supply of apricots rhar-rf .and ™ other gTrdeu andor at the vieM nfT -also. exPress satisfaction at tne yield of fruit of most kinds, excent damsons; which are somewhat scarce;. keat'ent5on of the Town Survevor ,V ca led to the fact that during the past week the footpath in Corio-streetfnearC Bash dfianM?^era comPlete'y obstructed by a dilapidated fence tumbling outwards. ■ tmS rW of teacbers was con BenevokntUaiKP«,ab-iC-meet!,ng of fhe La° 2™' Association takes place in on Wednesday0 Mechaaics' afsa—ir SSTr&S; bodies to recover rates or fnr ° °, purpose, without payment of a fee!^ °' remindedTthat8 sllnnV J°Cal cemet«'es i in-aid fnr 7 .a11 aPpl'cations for gram dressed tn PurP°ses must be a wS .'m P"'"®—1 of fub" The Express notices that • « n - cu, jur iTaucia intimated that ere IoDg the police would be placed under local muni cipal management, aa in other colonies." The ArguB announces that the Minister of Lands, during his trip to New Zealand, will procure a number of plants of the Huon (?) and kauri pines and other useful ftees, for the state nursery at Macedon. , The object is to acclimatise useful trees and I* >pagate from them. £5 is offered by the Government as a reward to anybody who will give such in formation as will lead to the conviction of the person or persons who recently cut the left line off the buoy at the Railway wharf. _ The most important topic in aquatic circles at the present time, says the Argus, is the Intercolonial Four-oared Race, to be held on the Lower Yarra on the 29th I I March. Preparations, for forming crews 1 1 taTC jma nude, fiat nothing decisive has1 yet been done. Arrangements towards forming a crew, consisting of the two Cazalys, Eddington, and "Williams, have been made, but they have not yet com menced to practice, and their chance against ' the Sydney " cracks" is not considered very good. Another crew, consisting of one of the Cazalys, Orr, Shannon, and Colles, has been mentioned, but there are some diffi culties in the way of forming it The license of Altred Sell, for 113a 3r 37p, in the Parish of Irrewiilipe, has been revoked. A wonderful throw was witnessed by the spectators at the Clermon cricket match on Boxing Day. The Telegram says that between the innings some discussion arose amongst the players as to the distance some of them could throw, and it was decided to test the powers of those who professed to excel in this line by a match. .. Amongst several good throwers, Billy, the aboriginal, 1 astonished every one by sending the ball a distance of one hundred and forty yards, as measured with a tape. [Some one must have played tricks with the tape. J The Herald gives the following account of a narrow escape from being burnt to " death:—"On Friday, about half.past three o'clock in the afternoon, a lady pass ingalong Swanston-street, between Bourke street and Little Collins-street, caught on fire, as supposed, from a spark or ashes off a cigar, and had it not been for the activity and energy of Mr T. T. Dooley, the archi tect, who happened to be passing at the time, in extinguishing the flames^ burning his hands' by doing so, further, serious 'damage might have ensued, but we are glad to Bay that nothing further than the loss of a muslin dress has been sustained. This, we understand, is the sixth life Mr Dooley has saved in Melbourne." The common school-housp, Murroon, thas been/gazetted us an tfdditi?irial polling place in the Shire of Winchelsea for the purposes of elections within and for the shire. -— ^ " We learn from the Argus that Richard Watts,'a prisoner at the Pentridge Stock ade, attempted to commit suicide on Friday morning by opening a vein in, his arm. At a quarter past 6 o'clock, ; when the cells were opened to allow the prisoners to wash themselves, Watts was found lying on his back. The floor was covered with bloor. Watts appeared1 to be greatly exhausted, and was at once conveyed to the prison hospital. , Wattp has made several'at tempts on his own life, but has always taken care not to succeed. About four-years ago he dung himself over the railings 'into the solitary, cells, a distance of 12ft., taking the wise precaution to fall oh his hands and. feet.:., Still, he was severely hurt by the shock. On this occasion he gave the alarm himself by mixing water with his.blood and letting. it run from nnder the door of his cell, to attract the notice of the warder on duty. The opinion has been that.he, never intended to kill himself, but merely to ex cite sympathy. The'Ararat Advertiser remarks—" One of those diabolical pieces of [atrocity which but seldom happen in the up-country dis tricts of this colony,' occurred'on - Wednes day night on the farm of Mr John Dick son," J.P., of Moonambel, and '.within, a distance of half a mile of that .township. Mr Crick, of the produce store, happened to be looking in the direction, and, observ ing^ blaze,'gave an alarm,! when it was discovered that Mr Dickson's'barn was on fire and" burning rapidly. The fire com municated to a stack of hay near the barn,, and both were speedily consumed, preven tion at such a season being utterly impossi ble. In the barn was a chaffcutter * and other^ materials and implements, which were of ciurse burnt to ashes. No doubt is entertained that it was the work of au incendiary, and suspicion is entertained as to whom, but the police being on the alert it would be indiscreet to Bay more, except to utter the sincere wish that the scoundrel may be brought to speedy justice. The statutes relative to these offences ; are, as they should be," of the most severe and stringent character, and no doubt the Go vernment will sanction the holding of an inqury . into the cause of the fire without loss of time. We learn that Mr Dickson was not insured as to this property." " In compliance with a petition, the Governor-in-Council has decided . upon severing a portion of the East riding of .the Shire of Hampden and attaching it to the Corapgamite riding of the Shire of Colac.' The Argus states that—" Consequent on .the_ death of Superintendent Bookey, the .position 'of inspecting superintendent has been conferred on Superintendent C. •H- -Nicholson. He will be succeeded in the charge of the Melbourne police dis ,; 'fip' by Inspector Ximenes. Sub- inspector |.Secretan will remain in charge of the de fective force." On the other hand the Herald^ which is likely to be well informed on the subject, says—14 We are assured that Mr Ximenes, the newly, appointed superintendent of police, has -not been rplaced in charge of the Melbourne district permanently. Superintendent • Ximenes obtained his ^promotion as' the''senior-in spector, and is the junior .superintendent. , He .is simply over the Melbourne district until the peimanent arrangements are de cided upon." ■ ... - ...... Beremboke has been appointed a polling place in the Ballan South Division of the electoral district of South Grant. \- f §e remarks that private enterpris. is ahead of Government action. The Gee I -wr"- ^)eo'3'e are 'aking the initiative it | ^Tnf >.? re^rd for the discovery of i coal field. The Advertiser states tha v several gentlemen have decided, ifuos !L ',Upoa offerlng a reward of £500 foi the discovery of a payable seam of coa wjtpin a convenient distance of Gee T aQd ~200 has already been sub rink an" -wa8 funded at first t( bnrhnod shaft in the neigh borhood of Airey's inlet, where, it i, arf g°°d indications of coal: this idea was abandoned, it being though: reward would be the best in «Perienced miners to com f.irwa^ --1-^isuucu miners to < Wn uan^ ?rosPeot- The £200 ba £100» Th-6d Buma °f £50. an. ritizens J th" a?tl0n °f the Geelon tune ™ 9 Juncture> veryroppor tune. _ The men at the Newcastle col .lenes have determined that in future tei hours a day shall constitute a day's laboi five hn^0UrS t0hbe dri,lided in tw° Shifts 0 five hours each. The colliery owner waked for thPPr°P0Sa1, and they bave nc vaited for the men to go on strike hn have anticipated such a Btep by lockine- th men out. At Brpannf - . ! ?txr ,AtP-^t^reVnmvyu ablf to Cfinrf 1 rge fleet of colliers un Zf [° fiad > stantly recurring hindrances to her nrn< borders With-n be found in hi of the ^y °Ut wait,.nS to the !nb-iect b«self trt£nnoVTchon pros in ht of the rZ;;"' "all'"g tor the actio enlnnhvf-h?.0,TJe™ment' tbe. whole colony should be canvassed ^ °J tl tious to a fund tha^Ke of suS amount to so thoroughly prosnect Belfast district. he Peace in th report juepartment for 1872, which cannot be laid before Par liament nntil it reassembles, an approxi mate Tetum has been obtained of the revenue derived during the past year from the Electric Telegraph Departments .The experiment which was initiated in*1870 of reducing the rates on telegraph messages ( has resulted in a very considerable increase. The revenue derived from the Electric Telegraph branch for theyear ending 1870 (the shilling telegram experiment having been a twelvemonth in operation) was £33,145 10s 3d, and the number of Go vernment telegrams despatched and re ceived were 454,598. In 1871 the revenue amounted to £36,941, and the number of telegrams forwarded and received' (was 537,398. This year the revenue is £42,617 16s 3d, and the number of messages de spatched, etc, amount to 621,236. The revenue received by the Post Office branch ftlpo shew* a corresponding improvement upon last year, tbe figures being £135,638 as against "£129,991 in 1871. . "A correspondent sends tbe Ballarat Star ; tbe following:—"I am very delighted to : inform you that the bunyip has been seen inWendouree. At Fry's mill a few even ings ago two respectable men secreted themselves and were rewarded. The sound emitted closely resembles the bleating of a •large calf; or, perhaps, to be exact, between ! ' that and tbe sound of a large drum. Well, after waiting for two hours, sure enough he made his appearance and rolled along a distance of ten yards, sending the water about in fine style ; body like a large pig, face of a calf, with long mane. He has \- been seen near Brown's,.where his peculiar call can be/heard any evening after sun down. As a pioneer I cannot tell you the pleasure this discovery has given me. We have no ruts, no ghosts, and the spirits are n failnre here, but we have the bunyip! For a week I have known nothing but delights. I have seen the bunyip my self. I wish I bad not. Personal , ac quaintance with him has proved him a delusion. Alas! this has been my fate so often. I heard the dreadful sound as. above—it came from a bittern—it has a . peculiar blowing cry which has obtained for it the name of Mire-dram, Ball of the Bog, and its name (Bitour, Botur, Bo tamras); see the books. How for the other phenomena. It is causecl by the musk-duck. Tbe male bird is as large as a common goose, with most peculiar wings, or rather paddles—see description genus Biziura—with which he scuttles along, every-now and again sending the water high np in the air, certainly over five feet, and making great commotion. Go up to the Swamp any moderately clear night; . yon will certainly hear the Bunyip, and with a little patience and imagination yon will also see him." By a notice in the Government Gazette,. ' the committees for the management of , mechanics' institutes or public libraries in country districts claiming to participate in the grant of £3,000 for the purchase of •" books, are requested to send in their ap plications to the Treasury before the 1st February. The conditions attached to the item in the Appropriation Act are as fol . lows:—1. That grants be made in propor tion to sum collected by private subscrip tions or local rates during 1872. 2. That no grant exceeding £200 be paid to any one library. 3. That no grant be made to any institution In Melbourne, or more than one-8ixth of the entire sum be divided amongst institutions within 10 miles of it. The New Zealand Herald gives the fol lowing account of the manner in which the absconding directors of the Green Harp Gold-mining Company made their escape from New Zealand:—"We learn by the arrival of the schooner Sea Gnll from Tievuka via the Bay of Islands, that shortly after the vessel had left the Auckland harbour and cleared the Heads on her way to the Fijis, she was boarded by six men, ■each of whom was armed with a revolver. ' They requested to know the rates of pas . aage to Bevuka, and assumed a very de termined attitude. These men were the ■Green Harp conspirators. They were in formed that the fare was £8 for each pas senger. They then made themselves at home, and were taken on to the Fijis. The owner of the schooner, Mr Green, was on hoard at the time, and it is a somewhat re markable circumstance that he had been victimised to a very considerable extent ■through pnrchasing Green Harp shares ■when they were at their highest. It ap pears that the police had an idea thatjthe •conspirators would leave by this vessel, and one of onr detectives accompanied her Beyond the Heads." ! , A paragraph in the Argus intimates that on Friday night the delegates from the other colonies, who are in Melbourne on ' their way to the Intercolonial Conference 5n Sydney, were entertained at dinner, at \- Ins private residence, by the Chief Secre tary. 