GAYNDAH MEMS. [from our own COURESPONDENT. I The week commenced here with politico, and people wonder who are the coming candidates for the pet district — the Burnett. I hear of a number, of whom some are very unlikely to gain the golden egg from this n^st. Others, I am led to believe, will come forward, at least, from the fact that the Opposition canvasseis here do not know, of two. which to choose as the most likely to contest the election with our local man (F.J Ivory, Esq), and who the ? most of the people here thiuk is the right man in the right place ; but, of course, opposition is tbe life of trade. At all events. a requisition is 1 going the rounds of the town to bring the great Miles forward. He was defeated on hi* own dung-hill, and he may rest assured he will meet the same fate here. So far as rumor goes at present, no one l-ut a local man for the Burnett this time. No more of (he billet seekers. We have had enough of them -this is the hue and cry. Blake was very anxious to come forward, if he thought there was a ghost of a chance ; but I believe he was dissuaded by some of his intimate friends. Douglas would have come, but was also baulked. I don't know what to say about Garrick, but I liardty think that he need try his hand here. How ever, I may be able to let you know more of tbe matter in my next mems. For our Christmas races a number of horses are being trained ; this time all without clothing. They all look as if they could gallop. TheBe are horses in town; but of those in the country I cannot tell ; but I hear there wi I b; fifteen or sixteen horses entered for the different raccs, which ought to make goo;l sport. The Committee of the fcliool of Arts have received a case of very valuable aud beautifully bound liOiiks, direct t'r-m Aludie's library, Lon don. Toe most of th'^m ate standard works, md must l-e a gi^at addition to their elegant library, making now a total of about 1200 volumes During the last week we have had very severe thunderstorms, and principal y at night, ivith hail showers. On Thursday night a tree was shivered to atoms by the lightning in the middle of the town, at the back of Mr. Com - pigne's residence. The crash was heard all over the town, but it luckily did no damage. On that d*y the thermometer stood at 11 0 in 'he shade, and the weather hns been very sultry. The liver is a banker, and likely to re main at i ts present height for some lime, as, to all appearance, more rain is hanging about. 