THE ROMISH SYNOD. The finst meeting of a Romish Synod in New South Wales is an event which calls for a passing notice. We ask our Roman Catholic friends to read Acts xv. in con- nexion with the report which they get from Freeman of this first Synod, in order that they may see in striking contrast a primitive Christian Synod with a Synod according to the false and idolatrous system of Rome. The chapter which we I have named is the one which Romanists I will give as the Scriptural Avarrant for these church Synods ; therefore there ought to be a very general likeness between the one and the other, if the religion of the one be the true religion of the other. First of all, this New South Wales Synod met " singing " the " Litany of the ever blessed Mary." Now, in the Apostolic Synod the Apostles and Elders made no mention of Miiry ; yet if she was the mighty mother Avhich Romanists say she is, she ought, while yet alive, to have been veiy precious to the early church. But the first Synod of Jerusalem Avas totally different from the first Synod of New South Wales. Again, Ave are told that Archbishop Polding had a canopy of cloth, Avith a splendidly got-up altar, and the banners of St. Mary and glorious Joseph displayed, " making the tout ensemble very imposing;" but if Ave refer to the first Synod at Jerusalem Ave do not find any record of very imposing sIioavs, and cer- kiinly nothing Avhatever of the "bannera of Joseph and Mary;" yet there ought to have been if Romanism Averc Apostolic Christianity, for glorious Joseph had just ascended to heaven, and Mary was iioav an aged, nuitron on earth, at least sixty years of age ! Again, Ave are told that as the Mass Avhich the Synod sung Avas that of the Holy Gho.st, " of course- the colour of the vestments Avas red." But in the record of the first Apostolic Synod nothing is said about " Mass," and not a Avord occurs to tell us, of the reason Avhy in the "Mass of the Holy Ghost" the colour must be red. All this is clearly a modern inven tion — a corruption of Rome. Then Ave are told, that in this first New South Wales Synod, the jniests celebrated mass for the " repose of the souls of all the dead prie.sts of the diocese ;" but in the record of the first Synod at Jerusalem, the idea of oft'ering up the " body, blood, soul, and divinitj' of Jesus Christ" for the repo.se of the dead clergy or peoiile of Jerusalem and the Avorld, never occurred to Apostolic minds. No such superstition e.xisted at that time. Plad it existed it nuLSt have been mentioned, as, at such a time of trial and difficulty, the Apostles could never haA'e forgotten the martyrs and confessors and faithful Avho had departed in the truth. But no ; the Apostles and early Christians knew better than to pray for the "repose" of the souls of the departed brethren ; they belioA'ed that they Avere already safe in glory :ind repose, and therefore they Avould have deemed it unbelief and folly to pray for that Avhicli Avas already being enjoyed. And still again, in the first Synod at Jermsalem all things Avere discussed in " open court " before the lohole church ; but in the first Synod of Noav South Wales the real business has been done with shut dooiAs, in secret priestly conclaA'e. The early Christians had nothing to conceal ; but the Romish Apostacy Avorks in the dark, and the church has nothing to do but io obey the 'decrees" Avhich the prie.sts have passed. We commend the.so points of contrast for the special behoof of our Roman Catholic readers ; for they amount to a proof that Roman i-cligion, and Bible re ligion, or Popery and Christianity, aie tivo very distinct and very different things. The two things made known to the laity are, that "the church " has re.solved upon a'ery strict and stringent rules on the question of " Catholic children attending the Public Schools ;" and that the church is also resolved to make "mixed man iages" more a source of poAver to the church than evop before. The Archbishop has "preached" on these two subjects. ' We should like the text of bpth sermons for edification and i-emark. But this we ,knoAV that the approaching, general elec tion Avill discover the tactics of these brooders of darkne.ss ; the people Avill be drummed up to the mark of .serving the Holy Mother as a matter of life and death ; political power Avill be used to the utmost extent ; every stone Avill bo turned to help the prie.st ; and Prote.stant.s Avill deserve to be shariiefully beaten if they do not foresee the struggle which is coming, and get ready for united and energetic action. 