RESUMPTION OF FREE IMMI GRATION. MEETING IN THE TOWN HALL. A very largely attended meeting of citizens was held in the Town Hall, on Monday evening, August 25, to consider the question of the re-<*> sumption of free immigration. His Worship the Matob ((Mr. A. H. F. Bar tels, 3.V.) occupied the chair, and at the begin ning of the proceedings said there coald be do doubt that a strong addition to the population of the colon; was jnach to be derired, but the way in which such an addition was to be ob tained was a matter for cartful consideration. We lost hundred! and thousands of pounds under the old ?j?tem, Bad the advisableness or other wise of retaining to it was worthy of thought ful attention. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHN Clam raid he had hoped the time had gone past when it would be necessary for him to oppose immigration at the public expense in South Australia. (Hear, near.) Many of them recollected that in yean gone by he combated the principle of free immigra tion, which he looked upon as one of the most obnoxious ever adopted in any civilised community. (Cheers.) It was stated In the Victorian Parliament the other day by the Hon. Geo. Higinbotham that he did not believe oat of benighted South Australia that a single individual could be got Insane enough to promulgate such an idea; but he (Mr. Clark) had hoped that even in this benighted country no one would have had the hardihood to come forward and promulgate the doctrine. (Bear, hear.) He vaa sure all would agree with him when he said that the beneficial effects of the cessation of immigration at the public ex pense had been marked in an extraordinary degree. (Ohoern.) Th? present agitation for free immigra'ion was (imply the result of the selfish and grasping desire of the few to add to their wealth at the expense of the many. (Hear, hear.) Toe resolution he had to propsse was—" That this meeting is of opinion that the course pursued by the Government in telegraphing to the Agent-General for the re sumption of,free immigration without the sanc tion of Parliament is a violation ;of constitu tional usage, and ought not to hava been approved of by the House of Assembly." (Oheere.) He pointed out that, according to constitutional manciples, the control of the labile purse was in the hands of the represen tatives of the people, and, that being so, he contended that in the action of the Government there had been a most flagrant breach of con stitutional usage; bnt, bad as the conduct of the Government had been in this matter, what were they to say to their representatives who approved of anch a disgraceful violation of their constitutional privileges ? (Bear, bear.) Out of a House of 36, only four members protested against the course pursued by the Government. What were they to say to their city representatives, who were returned on the understanding that they weald oppose free im migration? and what were they to say to the representatives of Bast Adelaide, who disgraced themselves by leaving the House, and not voting at all—not even pairing ? He branded them as traitors in the firmt JT.rf.i~ and as cowards in the second. (Onsen.) There were some other people who, in days gone by, spoke strongly against free immigration, who used to say, •' We once belonged to you," and who obtained their present position by their proposed opposition to the principle; but during the past six months they had been advocating tha resumption of im m'gratisn at the public expense. Amongst these persona was Mr. William Townsend, who had chafied him because he had Dot been able to get all the labor he wanted; but in bis opinion it was much better that that should be the case than that people should want work, as they did two years ago when men rushed the Treasury. (Oheers.) There was a scarcity of labor just now, but supposing the harvest, through any cause, should prove a failure, what would become of the men, supposing they were introduced into the colony, that tile farmers said were required? (Hear, hear.) Instead of hundreds being wanted, hundreds now in employment would be in want of work, and would not be able to obtain it (Cheers I At tha present time the Pulpit, the Parliament, and the Press were against labor, and the fact said very little for the Christianity of either the one or the other. (Hear, hear.) He con sidered the present system, as to land and immigration, a delusion and a aiiare. Land had not realised more than 3s. 6d. per acre; far if they deducted from the proceeds the amount expended on roads, bridges, &c.;, they would find that the residue was very small indeed. The present system bad the effect of concentra ting wealth instead of diffusing it. which he took to be wrong in principle. (Hear, hear.) He believed if fair wages were paid labor would present itself for employment, and this had been shown to be the case on Yorke's Peninsula, where, two years ago, there was a great outcry for labor; bat once the mines have been ina flourish ing state, and the earnings of the miners had increased, there had been a constant influx of miners from the other colonies. (Cheers.) An Adelaide labor agent had pUcedinhis hands a letter ifrom Mr. 3. O. Chandler, of Melrose, in which that gentleman said—" The North is full of men, and if the farmers give proper wages, they will have plenty of hands for any harvest." (Cheers.) He was very pleased to see that the meeting at Saddlewerth was against free immi gration. A gentleman present at that meeting ascertained that, although 200,151 acres of laud were represented there, tha total man absorbing power was only twelve men. (Laugh teraud cheers.) |Under these ctrcumstanoes, was it not absurd that such men aa Mr. Heard should go to the Government and elamerfor free immigiation? (Bear, hear.) A farmer present at the Saddleworth meeting, he wai told, allowed four awagrmen to go on their because he would not give them 15s. per week. A liberal rate of wages was all that was wanted to induce population to come to this colony. To show that the colony had received benefit from the cessation of free immigration, he would quote some nguresobtained from reliablesosroea. The population in 1860 was 134,112, which num ber was increased in 1862 to 135.329. The number of marriages in 1860 was 6,568; in 1862, 6,075; and in 1863, 5,966. There were 93 convictions in the supreme Court In 1859, but in 1862, with an increase of 13,009 in the population, the number was only 64, or a de crease of 50 per cent The amount to the credit of depositors in the Savings Bank in 1860 was £88,889 19s. 4d., bnt at the dose of 1863 the amount was £189,143 lh 91 U 1859 the amount of loans on mortgage was £416,139 2s. 3d., £54,745 s*. 90. being upon oily property alone; while in 1662 the amount fell to £2i)5,731 2a. 7d., and that on city property to £24,195 65., ao that in three years private indebtedness waa reduced by £210,408 Oa. 2d. The number of writs from the Supreme Court was in 1858, when immigra tion was in toll swing, 1,404, the amount re presented being £54,369; while in 1863, after the cessation of immigration, the number was 594, and the amount only £9,449. In 1858 the number of insolvencies waa 105—liabilities, £283.514; and in 1863 the number waa 151 -liabOities, £85,300 3s. 3d., or a deoreaae in amount of £198,713 16s. 9d. The amount for charitable institutions in 1860 was £17,363 7s. 7<L, and in 1862, £14.366 ss. 41; and for relief to the poor, cot in those establishaauits, the amount in 1860 waa £7,309; and 9062, £4.409 10a. lid. Those figures conclusively ahowed that the cessation of immigration at the public expense waa to the advantage of the community. (Cheers.) Mr. Councillor Weight said the immigration question waa a very important one, and every man should think for himself upon it It had been decided in the House that its resumption was not needed. A former Government had been broken np on the question and vet the present Ministry took upon it- ' self before the assembling of Parliament to send away for two shiploads of immigrants. ! Evidently noses had been counted before-hand. (Laughter.) Some members said, "Oh, it's only £5,000," but that was not the question: it was the principle which was involved. (Hear, hear.) Several letters had appeared in the j papers with regard to the subject of immigra tion, and he noticed one witter proceeded on the argument that we were in debt to the Land Fond to the extent of £300,000, and were liable to pay it That speaker forgot that we had got : into debt to the extent of nearly a million to benefit the farmers. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. C. Brat, M.P., upon rising waa re ceived with a storm of hisses and groans. His Worship besought the meeting to give the speaker a Bearing, bat in vain, tie noise continuing with unabated vigor. Mr. John Ol&kK; would aak them as Britons to give Mr. Bray a hearing. In supporting his resolution he had found it necessary to attack that gentleman, and he would point out that the mover had the right of reply, and he pledged himself to use this right (Applause.) Mr. Beat was thankful for Mr. Clark's courtesy, and he waa only sorry that pitching into members seemed to be more popular **"n the quoting of statistics. He was not there aa a member of Parliament, but as a ratepayer, and he had a right to apeak so long as he did not weary them. In tn«lrinfl an explanation with regard to his action in the House, he would point out that the House met on the Friday when nothing but formal business, consisting of the readiag of the Governor's Speech, ap pointment of Oommitteea, and so on, was transacted. On the following Tuesday, the reply to the Governor's Speech was read. He was on the Committee which prepared that reply, and he was very careful on the subject of immigration. He knew the feeling of the Chief Secretary on the jnatter, and he said if the reply was not silent on that point he would not remain on the Committee. AH the reply stated was, " Your House will do all that may seem nocesssiy on thequestion of immigration," thus pledging the House to nothing. (Hear, hear.) On Wednesday the Chief Secretary made a Ministerial explanation, and in the course of it stated that the Government had telegraphed to the Agent-General to send out two shiploads of immigrants. ("More shame for them.') He said the same, and referenoeto tha leading newspapers of the following day would prove that one of the members for the Port and himself were the only persons who expressed their objection to the course the Government had pursued. (Hear, hear.) He said then that the Ministry had bo right a day or two before the House met to send home far free immigration in Oil way, and that thar should have connilted the House open thepomt; •nd he mi confident the greater proportion, or at least a large majority of the members, would have been found voting against It (Applause.) What he had stated was strictly correct, and m fortnight afterwards, when the money was er pended, he believed he ni neatly the only one who raised a protest against ft The nine day that he opposed it there was a foil House, nearly erery member wh present, and they allowed the Government a fortnight's adjourn ment Daring that time the Agent- General at home was talcing steps to get these immigrants out. Then, however, it was too late to vote against the question. The credit of the colony was pledged, and they conU not go behind their pledged word. (Hear, hear, and some disapprobation). Be contended that the Ministry had anted im properly, and they might depend upon it, tf the question was brought twmud again, ba should be fonnd heart and soul against it (Applause.) He was not prepared to uphold the Ministry in tfcu, and if he had only bean supported when the question first came ea. the action which had been taken would never have been taken. (Hear, near.} One of fla reasons given by the late Commissioner at Crown Lands for resigning was that he eouli not agree with free immigration. They wonU find, upon referenee to title reoords, t&at; he (Mr. Bray) moved the motion upon which the clause relating to free immigration in the late Bill was struck oat (Hear, hear.) He agreed with the resolution which had been moved, and he thought it was a very hasty and tit-considered set on the part of the Government to send home as they <Bd for immigrants. (Applause.) H immigration vu needed at all it was certainly not needed st present. He «aw from Mr. Hani's labor —■■'H report, published in a reeeftt paper, that— "Considering the great demand for labor, tae ■apply has been vary satisfactory. Many per sons who have been hired are men reneu?f arrived from Melbourne, Sydney, and Hew Zealand, they having doubtless found (Mr way to Adelaide in conseqnenoe of work being plentiful and wages geod." <ax> plaute.) As long as they had abnndimna of work and fair wages they would not and to send home for immigrants. The Ministry had intimated its intention t? pot down a km sum for immigration. He should certainly ab ject to it IMr. Mortk>ok—" Who wonld asp. port Itr Laughter.) Mr. Mortiook perhaps. (Mr. Mortiaok— <fNo he wont" Laughter.) He was glad to hear it, avnd he hoped <Aar members wonld be equally as independent ami sensible. (Applause.) Mr. MoDoma supported the resolution and condemned the action of the Government, saying the? ought not to remain in office a day . longer. Members made a gnat noise overs question of privilege, but an important ques tion they overlooked altogether. Tuewortdns, men should unite and protest their srn ys tererts. Kefemng to far. Heard, one of the farmers' deputation, he said that gentisman had never been an industrious mechanic nor a good laborer, or he would nevar have spoken «a he did. With regarato Mr. Everard, be thought if that gentleman stood for any of the 18 districts on nmvetaal anficage he wouU never be returned—(hear, hear, and laughter) —*nd yet he held a position in the Ministry. (Shame.) His Wobsbtp said he had been desired to mention that Mr. J. M. Solomoa, one of the members for West Adelaide, wonld have at tended that meeting if he had reoelred an in vitation. {" oh dear, what a pity he didn't," and laughter.) Hr.Cunx, in reply, said while Mr. Bray* explanation on the question of immigration wsa a good one, tha action he had taken was, tains mind, unsatisfactory. The motion was eazrvd riT*~—t ?—???■—■ri*x. there being only two olssentienta. Mr. Utrrnrnw Goods wasajUatobeiiiiniiul to express his opposition to free and indfiodasl nate immigration. He believed it was oeaesssry te increase the population, but eerhuuly sots* tiie expense of any particular class. uewtoasa move-" That in the opinion of tttnttMans; the principle of free ana faiaiseifaninaiei?na gratlon is opposed te sonnd political econoaxy, unjust in ita operation by protecting capitals* the expenie of labor, and part (aperies** has proved it to be wnsnitwfl to the wants of South Australia." Instead of immigration under the old system being poli'ic and economical, it was proiuctive «f estravaganoe in the worst for they all knew that thousands of pounds were spent fa introducing immigrants here,.who, as soon as they landed, left for more desirable •plena, (Laughter, and hear, near.) Some had aaaa that land was bought under the belief that Us. in every pound of the purchase monvy waato go for the introduction of labor, and that to divert the money accumulated under <that understanding into a foretgu *fc—wpj 'was cutting a covenant, but it wss dentmUetoeat ooTensntsaometunes, and he wondered Qiey baa stood it so long sis they had. It was only bi mast they had been indirectly taxed; and property speakiiig that Land FunTshouM baveheea applie < to other purposes, and sa kept then taxes down. (Hear, hear.) Although be ad mitted Hut a large number of veryestisssHe people had come out under (he immfgtatisata gulations, etai he believed the practise af bringing out shiploads of immigrants had an immoral tendency—(hear, hear}—and that as had been of serious injury to the colony. The agents at home had not selected sn earefany as they might, and in many instances they took a very inferior elass of parsons. The eonfinement of 300 or 400 pgrsaos «a board a vessel for three months was pre judicial, and in many instanoes f t led te harm. The principle of indiscriminate tm migration was unjust not only to the ana who bought land to cultivatolt-aa in manyaa- Btances the proper labor for agriculture was ant tntrodneea. but also to immigrants, as in aesega eases men had been Induced so leave lsiil|Sium fortable employment at home to onne out hen under the impression that they would bebetter ing themselves, and shea bad found that (key couldnotgetsuitableemplaytnent (Hear.weacJ To bring out unstrftsHe tabor was a ssitHal poUcy for a eolony, but if the Goversmat brought out such labor they were bound tonal the laborers employment at aometUng. (Bsar. hear.) The question then came, how wnr« they to get on tf they didn't have IsberT ("Oireyssmg men good wages, and let 'em get imrrtol* Laughter.) That took too long a time. Us idea was that if employers wanted labor they should import it The Government sMt provide an agent, and certain conditions ea on part of the employer jand tike esaaley* should be agreed to, aft that there steaM be a responsibility—on tin one hand to study the workman* Interest, and on Che ether to study the masterTs imtenst Be did not are, either, why the farmers ooddas* do the mmb thing. The man might pay Ids own paassge-monef and bbd himself jStmm years, and if he faitod to serve, hisjs)n,i money should not be returned to hut <s> P Mr. Bobbreb seconded. Hehadbeoedflsay had heard the last of Government liiiaiijissksj, and that tile ghost of WakfAdd was tsH. Originally half the Land Fond was spent en im migration; then a third was devoted to that object, and then the system was done away with. It was very well to say we wanted im migration, but first we should km w that she people In the eolony are doing well. Me Fab*, if ne thought population was to induce labor, would say we did not want iss migration. He would keep wages here as Ingh as in the otter colonies. Mr. Goode was an honest speaker. He said that employers want ing immigrants should engage to keep them through the year. He employed as skany laborers In a week as Mr. Goode did in m year, and Mr. Goode's profits were as siraA Li a week as his In a yeac. fOreat UaghJet^ Me. Bray said we wanted assisted tmmlgratiim, but did not say how we wen to a*t it _ (Laughter.) Our members were mere iijjisi m (Uproar and Uughter.) They Jost did what was chalksd out for them. ' . Mr. Fbt rose to oppose issmlgratisa, asslast uproar and laughter. (" Let him get the steam up "-laughter, and."Braro.") He oppossd immigration, ("How did you get here?"<— uproar and laoglter.) Hs wss sorry tohsarabs last apeaksr say hs was infavor of immigration. (Queers.) When they said it was not to reduce .ages.theyspokefslsely. (ObeorsandlaugWet) Heknew&ats;^tinotiierpHttof flwiMU. and if they talked that way there they would bs ldok^byth«anoeend.(l>^eheanandnpvp?Ej The land was the gift of the Almighty, and the Government had no right to take the land an* seH it to bring out labor. (Cheers and laugWet) (The speaker here went into a detail of Us experiences, wniebhvas listened to with atten tion, broken by cheers, laughter, and occa sional arise, till the speedTinted too long, when the meeting beoame impatian*.] Heasfi the farmers only employed men during harwst, and exhorted tha electors only to put into Parliament men who would support what was right _ Mr. Skrhkwat sttpported the i?SfltaHon-B they looked in that evening's paper they would see Oat in BaUarat hundredsi and hundreds of men wen doing notidm, and would gUdly oome hen to do our gnat farming work, and then they oouldgo bask again, for then would be nothing for theato do here. (Laughter and ohoers.) Ifumlisis might as weU ask Govammenttobrintthsss iron for building as farmers ask for labors* public expense. Men without a, penny In their pockets trying to farm would do the euaaljv great miaobiel, and the working men wssfln suffer most They had never had a larger meeting, and Oat showed the working ansn were in earnest. The deputation who aasan for immigration wished to reduce the price ef labor. (Ohoers.) He was assured thatiiaw. speetahle former never needed Isbssesa. (Oheen.) He knew we had not P?P"~" lation enough to be l?rosperous-r^ plenty )—but it was no use Magsaj. popuUtion anbas our nspitalistir wen mem enterprising. If we had factories it wwM be different If we opened the door to oash an unoonstitutional principle asOoverwasntlmnsl grataun, he Aid not know who was te shut tt ■ (Great cheering.) Mr. 6. KaPRaIX *">M Oat the Govarnmant had nothing to do wits briaging out ( labor. *■ issuauMilii builder tint endx said, why •fcouSneisrtat; mrtW*?? He wwMbjhke One cockatoo farmer, who erfed out for lah*r< (Chests and langhter.) Had we not two B*>k Managers fat the Government, we should h\re heard nothing of that cry. (Oh, and 3SEO *«d to fatten their clients. and it ■uitod them to beggar the colony. (Oheen an* laughter.) They taibid enough of ti?oM «•*•?,•■ men knew to their •orrow, wnofaaT^ekbt the Stockade for asserting their right*. (Great cheering.) There was no mM.fi tyrant to the poor man than Mr. S«WC fOhMM ?d nohe.) Look at hi. countenance. (Great laughteri) He wai on* of the wouM-be coloniU aristocracy, who would trample oa the poor mas. A. f aimet ■rid to him lie wanted a nun. "Wanted a manT" uid he (Mr. Raphael). "«a? yon aik for thousand*." {Oheen and laughter. The Government and Parliament should wait tiU the people aikadfwimm population, Mr. Bright onee moved a resolution against having Bank Manager* in the Ministry, and now be want Into a. Government with two. (Laughter and cheers.) What could they etpeet from suoh a MinUtry T (Laughter and cheers. They an knew whattkfadfcewtod man for the pear Mr. Glyde was. (tanghter and eheen.) The Government amid they mart carry out what wai begun ; bat he aaid no. There waa the telegram to bring ont the «enm of hell. (Prolonged langhter and eheen.) They oonld use the tele graph to rtop what had been begun. When they got down into that smoking-room, where ao maoh brandy waa flying about, they forgot themselves. (Great langhter and eheen.) Mr. Everard oonld do whathe liked with that fat boy in I" Pickwick." (Tremendoaa laughter. Then when they got hold of a yonng uew-fledgei member they ohneked him under the chin and aaid, " What a nioe boy yon are." (Great laughter.) He knew member* who said, " Well, I intended to torn this Ministry ont, but they are such a d 1 nioe lot of fellow. I can't" (Tremendou. laughter.) If they wanted immigration they ihonld give inducement! to pen-ns to immigrate. Give them the land (or I*. an acre, or for a term of yean at a farthing a year rent. We don't want immigration; ft we do, let thorn who want it pay for it. The Government had a lot of money and wanted to waste it There werj penoni who aaid they had room for 500 men at the Buna, and a* many at Wallaroo. Well, let them pay for them aa they d'd for ore bag)l. (Oheen.) Mr. Jons totally disagreed with Mr. Ka phael [ffe further endeavored to apeak, bat thenproar and laughter were ao great, he wm obliged to decUM Mr. BOTU aiked where wm Hie accommo dation for laboren now in the eolony. Why, the empluyen themselves had no accommoda tion. One farmer told him he agreed that farmer* wanting immigisAaon shoald guarantee teen-toy no many men throagh the year. He (Hr, Beyle) waa a tradesman, bat hecooJd ■at get work in Adelaide. ("You're not Oe only en*.") The maeton preferred men who had never been apprenticed, for they aonld tally them. He waa brought ont under free immigration, but he waa swindled. He could not fat work, (Impatience, and "Bhut up.") We did not want immigration. (Loud calls for Rees.) Mr. BBS mi received with treat cheering. From fir?t to lait he had anted time to the pledge* be had given to hi* constituent*. He should have tabled a motion at the opening of the Houee had he not been a new member. Afterward! when the opportunity eosurred he did hi? duty to thoee who Bent him into the Hones, bush a atnin had been pot upon the Government that they dare not go further than they had done. If any Minirtry did w, he would give that Ministry hi. meat uncompremiaing re ■istanoa. (Oreateheen) The motUm was canted almoat onaaimooaly, only one hand being held up againrt it. Mr. NOTTMOM propoeel the third reaolu tion: —"That whilst fuUy reoogniiing the oapanOitiea of thboolooy to rapport a vaatly banued population, this meeting ia of opinion that the legitimate n?*M of obtaining it U to offer laud on equally liberal term* with thoae offered by the United State* of America and Canada, with equal faeflrfie* of ?eleotiou, and tint Che expense of pfevidfog Mkk primarily for the advantage and profitot capital, ahould be bone by thoee requiring aneh labor, to the extent of at least- eoe-h*H n He pro teated ogainat the oalumny that the working, nwn wen actuated by a lordtt selfishness in their apparition to immigration. He never heard that the rev. gentleman who started that calumny had urged wealthy man to help to Am open the land ta[?•?#• who would oome to till it, though he did offer op thank* for the return to the oolony of two wealthy men of hi* congregation. (Hisses, and "Question?1') By whose agency wa* the laid thrown open to tto farmen, if not the working men? Waa th*F?ordid avattoe? (Ohean} Who bnraght immigrants to Canada and the State., tmttaeir relation. T Waa that aordid avarioa r It was aaid by a kaen obeerver of human nature that what the poor were to the poor waa known only to their God. He found from Bbottby *aH?St yean, from the year 1860, Wo**t over 115.576 of our immigrant*. Tha eoct of immigration, from 1880 to 1871 inclu sive, had been £1,377,MS f0t«5,067 immigrant*, or £21 3c. 6d. per head. In addition to this then waa erpeaoed, is relief of destitute poor during that period. £300,000, and in hospitals alone £165,000, and ail that exelorive of the eostof building*. If to that they added co?t of trine'end lunaey, and uiiprodlutiv? public work* undertaken to support a starving popu lation, they would find the total coat of the Immigration ayatem no lea* than £2,000,000. [Mr. Northmore went at length Into figure* to *how that at the end of 1871 over 4,080,000 acre, of land had been alienated, moat of it, he affirmed, falling into the hand* of monopolists mid had (peculator*.] In America a man oonld take op 100 aerei or land, and by emitiwimirfy aeuapy ing and cul tivating it for five yean he got the fee aimpie. Vhoa there wa* the liberal preemptive law, and ia Canada th? law* wore mMtliberal for the real *otHer. With each law. ahould we mot gat the came influx of population T The manwliaonteeda 20-«cre Uook deserved to be pmt ia a lunatio aiylnm. It wa* of no mm fanaan saying* they wanted men anles* they were nnder an obligation to employ them. He kawwthatoneof the depntation offered a man «*. a woakia hay harvest (Oroans.) Mr. A.O. O*unm? seoondad the motion, briefly ondoning the remark* of former speaker*. Tha action wm carried with one or two Mt.Vaomnam moved—"That tb?s?oven aaa atusullsin of tils foregoing resolution* be aOommittoeteec?hoiy the same ina petition, to obtain -nignatntas, nod to request some mam hrteprcs??tthe petition to Parliament." He hoped ovary eae nsmnsnd to free immigration would sag*, the petition. Mr. Bnatm mteon-lei the motion, whiehwa* carried nttnnimowdy. Mr. JoW Ousg propoaad, in oemplimetitwy term*, and Mr. TBommmt ascended, a vote of thank, to the Mayer, which twins; been very heartOy «arrted, the prooeading* terminated shortly after 10 o'eteok. mt Important to Pnrehasen of DbaRBT ai*d<jLirnaaa.-Bolamen * Balom having Sold at Aacti?n Mr. & Ootteni* Stock of superior Drapery, tha cindenigned being one of the largest mnnh.mn. fa now offering the?e Geods. tacstaar with Us Wteter Bteek of Drapery and Clothing, at prise* tin* mast effeot a speedy clearance. Disannul on puroaaan of £1 and vpwwdk. K.B.—«eteth*addrea.-T. LOHns •AV, 62, HaDUI«HB stthzc It may not be geoerUly known that Mr. 3. M, Wwrdr, of 84. Romax*rrume, is the obxt Jeweller who turn taken prise* and medal, far colMilal-njadej?wrflBry*nd "Plate at the diffe rent KchibitioD. in the eolony. He baa also •uottMfed in carrying off Prise Medals at the foteroobmial?xhibftlonktn WrwJrU,rlew£k?ith Wales, and New Zealand, and in all instoee* B?e eempettttonhas been very ii?li?a<ni. Vhew faea speak womton for the eTosHenoe of ftniah and elcsjanoe tn design of the goods -..antfae torodinntsotlab?aluiient st*be HJSHVIIiUL OWSJJL—T«m« finoisaas (the lanieet Mnosfnctaxor* ot sirp|>ly'oftUraHrJWllM Ceoos>«ar Parity-- BnVLuiM Untiilitnv Sutrftiv? MidrW tainteff Powar—Bastoos? «t Digeatasn— ajodewpeeWQy.W^ UUoobUmk. Out faial wffi eatabUab it m •> fnawdto Borarsff* *or breeifast, luncheon, and * Boott>9 tatreshme?t after % life erening. KB. Caotion—"HaraviUa" U a. registered Tr*do Mark. UASJiVTLLL OOOOA- The Ofcfc ■ays, " Tatu? hmorammtf Mamvilla, Ooeon lim achieved a, thorough success, aad aaper sedes every other Cooon in tha market, (Entire solubility, % delicate aroma,and* kare aoneentratioii of the purest elements lof nutrition, distinguish the Mararill* Cocoa, above aH others. For Invalids as Byapeptics, we could not noammefad ■ more agreeable or valuable beverage." F- Tovthor favorable opinions vide SttmimnL, m*mi*j P«sl, Britok Ut?ed Jtmrmm! HOM<EOPATHIO COCOA.—Tha lonfinsi preparation, which has attained anon n world- wide reputation, is inaiiiif*i tared t>y Tatxa* BBorrans, under the •blest honu?opathic adtioe, aided tr/ the kkill na& erpsrience of the inventors, and will be found to tombiae in aa eninen 4, tienee the purity, fine aroma, and ats?X1"- Uoas property of the fresh aot aOLUBLE CtHOWLA-Tlsnade,baas*. minute <wJthqat tawknjf. Xhe above arU bkc an ptwparad erolnimdy by TosOmi Bwnn, tho iszgeat maiiufa.aiiisks.in fla^pVsmdsoU fa. ttaJtod packe** •% ivmorskaepen said othezn all over the ifcyortChaaaiy Mills, Brnfa, ?i¥"^ 