OVER THE BORDER. BY THE NOMAD. "Mine is a pen-of-all-work: not so new As it once was."—VISION OF JUDGMENT. Said Socrates in the Phaedrus to his youth- ful companion ; "The ministers of the Dodo- nean Jupiter inform us, my friend, that the first oracles were delivered from an oak; and the people of those days, not being so wise as we are now become, cared not so that what they heard was true, whether it pro- ceeded from a rock or a tree. But to you, perhaps, the country of the speaker, makes a difference, to discover what is true not being your object." To the numerous readers of your respectable journal I feel it quite un- necessary that I should further introduce myself, seeing that the people of the present awake than the people of "those days," yet like them care not who the speaker or writer may be so that what they hear or read is true. Let me say, however, that I lay no claim to be an oracle, and when I ope my lips yelping curs may bark to their heart's content; but one word of warning to them. D. I. O'Gines, your talented contributor, who evidently holds with the poet that He who fights and runs away, May live to fight another day— May vanish into thin air—may "melt as breath into the wind" at the first alarm of war, leaving his enemies the baseless fabric of a ghost to do battle with; but I—even I —the wanderer, will stand my ground, having long ere this Learned to deride the critic's starch decree, And break him on the wheel he meant for me. Verbum sap. During one of my recent wanderings, I pulled up in the evening at a shearer's hut one of the large squatting stations—German principalities, as some of the democratic lights delight to term them, and I may say, par parenthesis, that this particular hut was not what the Hon. Mr. Vale would call a "degradation to humanity." On the con- trary, it was snug and comfortable, with well arranged sleeping accommodation and every thing necessary for the requirements of 40 or 50 labourers. At this season of the year, which is the squatting harvest, and this year in particular (owing to scarcity of hands) all are welcome, no dole of Bennett's or Simp- son's, or any other well-known brand is now served out, but "Jack the Doctor" has in- structions from the boss to give to all and sundry what 'he expressively terms "a feed" ; and, by this way, allow me to note that owing to the exceptionally fine season and consequent luxuriance of the grasses and succulence of the herbage, the mutton is more than passable now-a-days. On enter- ing the hut I found the men congregated in groups, some at the large table and others in corners and out-of-the-way places in the spacious apartment. One group was intently watohing a young man who evidently "knew his way about,'' performing the three-card trick with all the deftness of a professional. Bets were being freely taken as to the posi- tion of the ace, but the amount which changed hands was not very considerable. Cards seemed the favorite amusement, the games principally patronised being blind hookey and Yankee grab, the stakes sticks of Barrett's twist. In one portion of the hut half a dozen men, shearers principally, were congregated round a little pale-faced man who had been an attorney's clerk in the heydey of his youth, but who from some cause which did not transpire, had fallen from his high estate and was now reduced to the grade of a sheepwasher at a note a week. And "a duffer of a sheepwasher he is," I was confidentially informed by the overseer; "take two and a half such men boiled down to make a good washer." Be that as it may, Goosequill, as he was familiarly termed, was reading aloud for the benefit of whom it might concern a report from the Hamilton Spectator of a case, Penbrook v. Clark, tried at the Balmoral Petty Sessions, in which Clark the cook was summoned under some clause of the Master and Servant's (sic) Act for disobeying an order to cut out sheep's tongues given by his master, and was sen- tenced by the bench to one month in "durance vile." I paused and listened. The report bore on the face of it strong evi- dence of being a one-sided one, the "other side" not being represented. All the salient points in the domestic's case were forcibly brought out, and the impression left on the casual reader was that the cook was, if not an actual martyr to the tyranny of a hard- hearted employer, at all events a deeply- injured individual. Goosequill, whose elo- cutionary powers were of no mean order, did ample justice to the report, which he read with a great unction and studied emphasis. At its conclusion angry comments were heard, and in language more forcible than polite "justice's justice" was vehemently enounced. The unfortuuate disciple of Soyer had many sympathisers in that assem- bly. A general opinion was expressed that there was no fair play to be had now-a-days for the poor man. This sentiment, I regret to say is very prevalent amongst working men—is, in fact, a fixed article of their creed, if not the Alpha and Omega of it. The aforesaid poor man of whom we hear so much is surely a mythical individual. Some thing is always going to be done for him, but nothing ever seems to be done. Senators and legislators having long ago taken him under their protecting wings one would think that ere this his condition would have been ameliorated, but it seems not—he is always turning up in a worse plight than ever. This cry of no justice for a poor man seems to me to be a cuckoo cry, but still it must be ad- mitted that under our complex legal system cases very frequently occur that give a shadow of plausability to the complaint. There is no denying the fact that the man with money and friends has five chances to the one of the man without money and with- out friends. It must be a well got up case that the legal ingenuity of an Ireland will not discover some flaw in, but the services of an Ireland are not to be obtained without guineas. Look at the case of Supple, the barrister, charged with murder, and more recently the Mount and Morris case ? If either of these men had been without friends would they have escaped the ultimate penalty of the law ? Again, take the case of the late Hugh Glass, who. with his coadju- tors, were arrested and imprisoned on the authority of the High Court of Parliament for bribery and corruption, In this latter case a writ of habeas corpus was obtained and the imprisoned discharged by the Judges of the Supreme Court. Larger game than the Balmoral martyr- cook have recently been arraigned before a peculiarly-constituted pseudo-legal tribunal, viz,, the Stawell Land Board, charged with an offence new to the law, to wit, dummyism. Much excitement prevailed in the good town of Stawell, and for the nonce the 'jumps' were forgotten, and the prices of Newing- tons and Prince Patricks wevo unheeded. The crime was supposed to be unmasked in all its native hideousness, and in due course punishment will follow the convicted, many of whom were absent from the trial. But after a careful perusal of the evidence the question suggests itself,—What is dummy- ism ? No Victorian or South Australian Land Act gives any interpretation of this daily-used term—an omission which requires rectifying. In any future amendment of the law the offence should be strictly defined. At present the word seems capable of several meanings, and the anomaly of the matter is that what is considered dummyism to-day by the Lands department to-day may be re- garded as bona fide settlement to-morrow, according to the whim of the Land Minister of the hour, who has power to send one to the heaven (of title deeds) aud the other ten to the hell (of forfeiture)—"all for his glory," and not for any other apparent reason. It has hitherto been the proud boast of Englishmen that British law deals equally with all, meting out the same judg- ment to rich and poor alike. At present a squatter of benevolent instincts who assists, say, an old servant to acquire a piece of land, may find himself liable to be deprived of his property—perhaps the accumulations of years—whilst the land shark and the publican may acquire thousands of acres for a trifle without let or hindrance. It is this unsatisfactory condition of affairs that has led to the formation of an association in Stawell, to the funds of which £5,600 have already been subscribed, the object of which association is to endeavour by every legiti- mate means to compel the Lands Depart- ment to suppress dummyism and evasion wherever found, whether the delinquent be a squatter, a publican, or a sinner. What is required is some competent legal tribunal empowered to deal with all cases of reputed dummyism, and then the suspected dummy and his employer instead of being judged by a board of offi- cials appointed by and naturally anxious to please the Land Minister, of the Crown, who is in reality "accuser, judge, jury, and exe- cutioner," would be tried by a jury, of inde- pendent men having nothing to fear and no- thing to hope from "the power's that be." The accused would then have some chance of that common justice which is not denied to the most hardened murderer. It is strange that disputes about land are the only ones that are referred to these peculiarly consti- tuted tribunals. In the recent mining cases at Stawell it was the Court of Mines that dealt with the forfeitures, and the day is not far distant when the extraordinary powers now possessed by the Minister of Lands will be transferred to the Charts of the realm. At present no man is safe, ajnd the' detest*, able trade of informer has -become 'common. This spy system may do verywell m France, but we do: not want it in this enlightened Siortion of Her Majesty's possessions, ted it s for the electors at. the comina;conteste to say by their votes that-they haye pone of.it. ?! :y ,. 'i Already the air is rife with tjitfc prepare* tions for the coming general, elections. fiifa., ting members have, become ^reteraattlr9I& active all of a sudden, and lose. jUo opporta nity of ingratiating themselves witij. th&r; xonstituenoies. The MinisterialRailway Bill makes'matters pleasant' for Ministerial supporters, and Opposition members will' hav<| to try to-tnake their peace with their disappointedconstituents asbest they bin. Farmiug nroapeota in the >Witnmerft are said to be first*olassl but it is rather early yet to make any predictions as to the pro* bable yield, for do hot loons^l^^-Mil " takeaU',' falsify eometimestheinoat^F^ predictions. ? ' . -V An old' friend Mtha new faceh'as recently turned up in the Ivioinity Of ^fte? Jknpler, causing great consternattogampng tuft steep* owners Tn thatlocah^.^ Tjbs ^dividual alluded to haflatelyra^ notice at the hands of the. Fre^prfncipally owing to the faot of, his figuring aa^defend. ant in several actions brought against him by the Wimmera Scab Inspector for breaches of the Scab Aot.. His" little game" said to be " free grass," and it is rumoured that he is an old colleague of the late Dr. Evans,* si'doe tim'e well known in Melboproe, as .'an' ad vanced ' land Veformeri''' Like Esati Of old, his handyis^against jevery man's, andjBYeiy man's hand against his, < Opposing singly tt» * seeming to be the business of his life.:' S6m&* how or others either from the possessibhof considerable legal lu^wte^:>or.tb^)fl(Md' luok, he has managed towriggl«i verse verdicts, and now is allowed^ pursue the V.even tenor of.his^OT^i^ost'ipn* molested^ One' well-known tyaTj^squatter was h'eara to doolare* that the locust plague was pferablq.in comparis Esau and hid hungryflocks. ' A rumour pav ing got abroad that it was his intention to entef. the province of" South«,Australia in defiauce ofthe law againat the importation of stock) one or two amatour detectives were sent out on his trait, but the ancient" roadster was qot; to be had. After reachingthe Border he quietly retraced his stera, much to the chagrin of the before-mentioned de* teotives, who, smart men in their:«wlitfcle way, are ho match for one so '" cunhing of fence'? and so.-varied in experience.1 jy ' rrn "i .iin'il' Y'vJ 