CHAPTER XV. A BOH AND HELE. For though to the ear it was nothing more Than an infant's squalL twasteaUy the roar Of a twenty thousand pounder. It shook the next nen- in hit library chair.-flood. If Jacob Vates ever took his minister's advice, and made the anonymous gifts and their donor a subject of prayer,1 he did it in secret As we "have said, he was not one of those men who can lay bare their troubles in loud appeals to Providence for the help they want. Mr. Hawthorne blamed bim, as days went by and no elucidation came, for his want of faith, and openly said that the secret was kept to try him ; but Jacob went on his way, doing what he thought right, and saying no more on the subject to anyone. There was no connecting the laatinstal ' ment with the new jewel robbery. It waa gems, not notes, that bad bean stolen from Houghton House, and in such an ingenious way that the police were entirely at fault. The jawel atse bad been opened, and so carefully closed again that it appeared just as before, and not a trace remained to tell of bow the thieves bad entered or departed. As usual, the do- mestics were questioned and their boxes searched, but nothing to cast suspicion on any of them could be discovered. Her ladyship liad bad a person in the bouse to mend a lace dress a day or two before the robbery and ber maid had sat in the dressing-room while the repairs were going on ; but no one else, except the household servants, had any access to the room where the jewels were kept;i- The detective who mad« the enquiries knew of a lace mender, and asked if ber nama was Mrs, Carlyon, I " Oh, no," the lady's maid said. " She was a Frenchwoman, and could not speak English. She was called Marie Mignot " " Who sent her ?" " Madame Dupont, Regent-street My lady has her lace from there " The officer thought he had a clue, and went straight to Madame Dupont's shop, enquiring for Mane Mignot " Does monsieur wish to see her P" Madame Dupont's forewoman asked. "If j ou please" Marie Mignot was summoned through the speak- ing tube, and made her appearance m a few mo- ments She was a sharp, very dark woman, almost Spanish in appearance, with hair almost white-an old woman evidently, who meekly crossed her hands and waited to be interrogated. ' She does not speak or understand English," the attendant said, " she has only been a very short time in England." " Indeed1." " No , only a very few weeks." * I expected to see a very different person," he said, and then he explained who he was, and what he wanted, askmg if they knew anything of Mrs Carlyon. " Madame employed and recommended her very much at one time," was the answer, ' but she seems to have disappeared. She was quite as good a workman as Mane here, and more useful, from being able to speak English Her work was much in the same style - that taught in the French con- vents" The detective-it was not Mr. Black-had an un- comfortable feeling in looking at the quiet French- woman who stood there so silently, with her hands clasped in front of her Something in the glitter of her dark eyes impressed him unfavourably, but he could see no sign that she nnderstood what they were saying The attendant put a few questons to her, at his request, which she answered promptly and steadily, and then withdrew, with a quiet bend of her head, and the same curious look m her dark face that had troubled him before Clearly, Mane Mignot knew nothing of what had happened at Houghton House One odd thing about the robbery was, that with the jewels bad gone a piece of lace a small part of the costly suit that Marie Mignot had been engaged to mend Madame Dupont herself, being questioned, de- posed that she had sent to France for a lace mender, and they had sent her the woman Mignot, from a convent near Pans That was all she knew about her, savo the fact that Mignot bad no relations or connections in England-of that Bhe was Bure But all this is a digression from Jacob Yates and his money It had grown oppressive to him, this irregular arrival of bank notes m blank envelopes, and be hardly knew what to do Had he been a poor man, and the money necessary to bim, the chances are that he would have used it, and been thankful for the chance that sent it, but he was not necessitous, and it worried him At length a brilliant idea seized him, and ha advertised m the Times - ' Jacob Tates would like to know and thank the sender of the money he has received at intervals for the patt two years. He has scruples about using it, and has banked It for security till be understands why it was sent to bim." A simple, stupidly-worded advertisement, which caused the readers of the "agony" column of the "Thunderer" no little wonder. Most people thought that underneath the simple, clumsy sen- tences lay some secret of terrible import, and searchers into cypher puzzled their heads for a solution of what on the face of it was as clear as daylight Everybody who studied that part of -the paper-and their name ia legion-looked out for an answer to the announcement or appeal (or whatever it might be;, but none came , and the readers of cypher and lookers-out for hidden meanings where none exiBted, were completely nonpluesed. The right person had understood it, for there came to Elkington Cottage another letter, in th« same handwriting, posted at the same place. The contents were short and to the purpose - Don't be a fool Jacob Tates. Keep your affairs to yourself, and take the good the gods provide you. The money ia sent in payment of along-standing debt. "There's no long-standing debt due to me," said Jacob, when he had read the letter at least a dozen times " I don't believe living soul owes me any money " "Can it be that Andrew is not really dead?" Agnes said. " He owed you money, and many a debt he can nevur pay." " If he were alive, he's not the sort of fellow to do this kind of thing. He'd come through to us." Andrew Yates, m his Ufa was certainly not the man " to do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame"-he would have been rather proud than other- wise of flourishing his money, ii it were he, no other sign of his presence in the world came to hu brother, and Jacob and his wife were fain to leave the mys- tery a mjstery still, and to take the money and the advice of their unknown benefactor. And all this while Madeline Boehampton was joy- ing in the new life of her little son, and wondering not a little that her husband did not seem to care for him as she did. Men never really do care for any young infanta, however much they may profess to do so ; but certainly there was more in Boehampton's manner when Madeline spoke to him of their boy than simple carelessness on the subject. When be was shown into her darkened room to kiss and congratulate her on her safety, and the fussy nurse presented him with a bundle of flannels and lace, with a little pink face in the middle of it, which he was told was his son and heir, he was very pale, and beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead. He fully justified the nurse's expectations in the value of his joy, in earnest coin of the realm, but she could not understand his agitation. " I never did see a gent in such a taking-never 1" she said emphatically to the cook, when she went down for a moment's refreshment, " and I've nursed in the best of families too. Mrs. Boehampton is as well as any lady can be, and it's a fine healthy child, although small, and yet be was tit to drop." " Nervous, perhaps," the cook suggested. " Well, I don't think he was-the time for ner- vousness was all past by then. He just took the child in his arms and looked at it, and his face was all of a quiver. ' Poor little fellow 1' he says, ' You've come to an evil inheritance, I fear. What will be your fate ?' He didn't think I beard bim, but I did, and then be went away after he'd kissed the missus, sighing as if his heart would burst." " Ah, perhaps there's going to be a panic," sug- gested the cook, " and the bank's a-going to break. There was one just before Miss Maddy was married, and master-Mr. Cameron I mean-went about like a ghost for days, and never eat anything at all.". In the cook's opinion, if a man did not eat, his lat- ter end was at hand. She bad a very faint idea of what a panic might be; but before her transfer from Mr. Cameron's household to his daughter's, one of those hurricanes in the atmosphere of trade had swept over the commercial world, and its effects had been very visible in the banker's anxious face and manner. " Whatever it is, it's my belief that he wishes the sweet dear bad never been born," the nurse opined. " And an heir too I Why, he'll be Lord Boehampton some day.r Noel Boehampton had, indeed, serious misgivings when he first held his little son ' in his arma. Mr. Cameron bad been apprised of the birth of an heir and his daughter's safety, and hurrying to the house met Noel coming downstairs, "All well, I hear!" he exclaimed. "Thank God for it" "Thank God for that, indeed," responded the young man fervently; "but for the rest sir-that poor baby's future." " Leave it to Providence-let us pray we have both been mistaken. I have learned to hope and believe we have." "lean only fear," said Noel, as his father-in-law pressed his band in passing. The future looked very darkin anticipation to him, and, indeed, the " little cloud " had begun to lower, and ere long would burst over the heads of Cameron and Co. with fearful violence. " What shall we call him, Noel ?" asked Madeline, as she dandled her boy, when at length she could leave her bed for her sofa, and begin to feel there was a world outside her nursery and chamber. " He must be called after you, of course, and papa ; but what else ? What is your father's other name. I don't remember." " My father's name is the same as mine-Arthur Henry Noel; but there's no occasion to give the boy a string of names-the fewer the better. " Oh, Noel I and he will be Lord Boehampton some time 1 He must have a good name." " Call him Noel, then, or Archibald-one is quite enough ; we shall love him quite as much, poor little fellow, as though he had a whole chain of sames and don't talk in that way about bia takjpg my father's place. He will never be Lord Boehampton." '-' Yes he will, Noel, in the common order of things. You will succeed your father some day, and he will live to call yo« governor, and to succeed you. Why, Noel, what's the matter ?" " You talk such nonsense, Madeline. Don't make a fool of yourself over the boy. It drives me_mad to hear you talk so." He left her with a face so full of lowering anxiety, which she took for anger, that shessat down and had a thorough good cry ; after which, feeling much re- lieved, she set herself to some dainty bit of lace and ribbon work for the pretty young autocrat in the cradle. " Not be Lord Boehampton ?" she said to herself. "What does Noel mean? Of course he'll be Lord Boehampton some time, my bonny boy I" She resolved upon the string of names, and with- out further consulting her husband, Bbe bad the in- fant registered as "Arthur Archibald Noel Henry ¡" and when he was christened, these were the names written down for the minister to bestow on him. " You shouldn't have done it Madeline," Noel said when they came home. " I wished the boy'to haye some quiet, unpretending name, and have no fuss like this made over him." Tbey were dressing to go down to the stylish little party Madeline had chosen to have to inaugu- rate the making a member of the church militant of the little heir. Madeline had rarely looked more lovely than she did on this evening ; her beauty was rather enhanced than otherwise by her motherhood. Her eyes were as bright, and her golden hair as golden as ever, and the grace of her bearing and manner was as winning as of yore. Her husband marked all this, and finished his ungraciously sounding speech with a sigh. His wife turned away hastily, and bit her lip to keep down the rising tears. ' Poor little fellow I" she said. " You don't seem to care for him, Noel. You are not proud of us. If I had been a duke's daughter, instead of a banker's, you would have been glad to call our boy by a dozen high-sounding names. " You are wrong, Maddy," he said, taking ber in his arms, " so wrong, that I will not say how much you grieve me by such thoughts. No duke's daughter could have crept so near.to my heart as you have done. Will you trust me, dear, and try and believe I did not speak without good reason P Your father wished with me that our boy should be simply and quietly christened, though lie left me to say it." " What can ail him P" thought poor Madeline, as he walked moodily away. "He must be going to be ill, or something ; he never used to talk to me like that. Ah, baby, dear, I fancied you would make us so happy, and now papa doesn't care for you after all." * ' . The tears were standing on her cheeks when the nurse put the baby into her arms to Idas before he was laid in his cot for the evening, and she dashed them away, thinking-of- the. superstition about jU being unlucky to let them fall upon-aa infaatíaface. Her heart was very heavy when she went downstairs. Noel was so grave, io preoccupied, she felt sure something was the matter with bun, but she brightened under the influence of lights, company, and flattery, for there were plenty present ready to burn incense at the shrine of a pretty young creature like Mrs Boebampton. Kelvin Grove House boasted quite an extensive garden for a town residence-the corner house of a Handsome terrace, with no houses immediately beyond it to the west Madeline could sit at her drawing room window, or stand in her pretty gai den and look down on quite an expanse of countrj When she gave a party, as to-night, her guests I could stroll in and out, and fear no intrusion on | their privacy. The bright moon poured down floods of light on the pretty beds of flowers, and the sheltering trees, which made such charming nooks of shadow here and there, and Madeline stepped out for a moment tu breathe the fresh, cool air, so pleasant after the heated rooms. It was just m the lull before supper, when everyone, is waiting and expectant, and people drop into silence "Don't go out, dear," Noel said, lajtng his hand on her arm " You'll catch cold " " Only for a moment," she said, " just to breathe My bead aches. Don't let them think ms rude for going." She passed out of his sight behind a tree, and be turned to his guests She looked back at him as he stood by the window m the full glare of the light, and marked, she knew not why, every particular of his bearing and costume-the sapphire ring, the quaint studs, the well-fitting dress-and thought that no woman on earth had such a husband Per- haps she was not far wrong-there were few like Noel Boehampton (To be continued J 