THE TONGUE NOT ESSENTIAL TO SPEECH. [Ihe London Times,. of September X0&, has the foUo»cipg review of a carious book juafc publubed by the Hob. Edward Ttrialefcon. It will be understood that we reprint the review ?imply -with rcferenofr to its physical and rar gioai statements, and without expressing or implying any opinion about tho ' African Oon feasoTs,' whose case seems to have induced Mr. rwisleton to enter upon this novel investiga tion. — Ed 1 ' In the year 439, Genseric, with 50,000 Vandals, crossed over . from Spain into Africa, and in a few years made himself master of the seven Provinces in the north o£ that country -which had, long formed part of the Roman Empire. These are the Provinces which are now contained in the Pashalik of Tunis, in French Algeria, and in the Empire of Morocco, as far as Tangiera. ' They are now for the most part Mahomedan in faith, but when the vaudals burst into them they were filled by zealous Christians, given to contro versy, whose learning was attested by such theologians as Tertullian, Cyprian, and Augustine. No part of 'the Christian world, not even Italy itself, could then boiat of more eminent ecclesiastical writers than North Africa. The«e eccle siastics, before the arrival of the Vandals, were much given to the persecution of heretical sects, and the Arians and Dona tista especially were pursued with furious bitterness by the Emperors Theodosius and Honorius, and by St. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo. Under these Emperors hundreds of Donatist Bishops and several thousand Donatist clergy were reduced to beggary and driven into exile, while the mass of the Donatist congregations were forced to conform to the Catholic Church. But when the' Vandals came their creed was not Catholic, but Arian, and it was. now the turn of the persecuted to perse cute. Genseric, who lived 48 years after landing in Africa, was rather a savage warrior than a religious persecutor, but in the intervals of warfare he tried his hand against his Catholic sub jects, and, though St. Augustine had been content with only flogging the Donatists, flogging was .but the mildest of Genseric's measures agaipst his eccle siastical foes. In the year 477 he died, aud was succeeded by his sou Huneric, who had no talent for war ; but, on the other hand, was a merciless bigot. In one respect, indeed, he was a Henry VIII. of the fifth century, for he burnt both sides, and on mere suspicion he so disposed of Jocundus, an Arian Bishop, as well as several Arian priests and deacons. It was some time before h& persecuted the Catholics, the Mani cheans being in the early part of his reign hiB chief aversion. But this did. not last long. If he -were like Henry VIII. at first, he - soon became as systematic a persecutor of one creed Phillip II. of Spain. He settled down on the Catholics, whom he called ' Honiooaians,' and began by convening a conference between the Arians aud Catholics. About Ascen sion Day, 483, Eugenius, Bishop of Carthage, and 465 other Prelates met iu Carthage, the proceedings being inaugu rated by the burning of Lictus, a Bishop, on the pretext of treason, but really to intimidate the rest. When the Catholic Bishops saw Cyrilla, an Arian Bishop, about to take the chair they pro tested rather uproariously ; for this offence they were severely cudgelled or 'tunded,' ' centenis fustibus tundi '' being the words by which their judgment is described. This vigorous introduction was followed by edicts sanctioning the use of torture and death against recalcitrant Catholics, and then, to use the language of Gibbon, ' respectable citizens, noble matrons, and consecrated virgins were stripped naked, and raised in the air by pulleys with a weight suspended to their feet. In this painful position their naked bodies wore torn with scourges or burnt with red- hot plates of iron. The amputation of the ears, the nose, the tougue, and the right hand was inflicted by the Arians.' This was the pleasant position of the Catholics in North Africa when an alleged miracle arose out of their persecution at Tipasa, the evidence ? of which staggered even the sceptic Gibbon, which has been defended with all the subtle eloquence of Newman, and has 'now been satisfactorily shown to be no miracle at all by Mr. Twinteton in his present volume. The inhabitants of the ancient Tipada seem to have been very zealous Catholics The ruins of their city may still be seen about sixteen miles west of the city of Algiers, and from them the place would seem to have been of some importance.. When the edict of Huneric against the faith appeared, and when an Arian Bishop was sent to take ecclesiastical charge «£ their city, they received him in the spiiit shown in after ages by the Scotch Covenan ters to the Episcopalians. Most of the .inhabitants had recourse to what Mr. Twisleton calls ' the desperate remedy of emigration.' All who^ couU £pa shipping embarked for Spain. Of the few who remained some 60 openly as sembled for worship In a private house. For this breach of law they were punished by the amputation at their tongues and right hands. 'But,' says Victor Viten sis, ' through the working of ibe Holy Ghost they spoke, and staU apeak -?*-** they used to speak before. Andiftogr one chooses to be incredwlous,ilet hntl now repair to Constantinople, and these he will find one of them, the Sub-deacon Reparatus, conversing in polite' discoorse , without any impediment. This account of Victor Vitensis is confirmed by other evidence, which is frankly: stated by Gib bon and entered into at great length by Dr. Newman, in a work first wriiteniW&ilB; he was still in communion with the Church of England and republished in 1870. Out of seven writers quoted by Gibbon' «ix were contemporaries of the acts+tfcey de scribed, and three, if not four, were jejeat witnesses of the miracte. i&nei; wa* r« Pope, a second a Catboiic-Bishopy * &h;)i a Bishop of a schismatical party,- a fourth an Emperor*- the Emperor Justin wmij-«* fifth a soldier, a politician, andsa suspected infidel ; a sixth a statesman and a oonxtaec; a seventh a rhetorician and a philosbpheti ' He cut out the tongues by the roots/' says Victor, Bishop of Fite; 'I per-. ceived the tongue entirely gone by the roots,' says uEueas of Saza; ?«A*losr down as the throat,' says Prooopius'; ' At the roots,19 says Justiniaaand St. Gregory. 'He gpoke like an educated man, without impediment,' saye^wtoc again ; ' With artiealgteness,-says Æneas. 'better than before-/' 'They talked without impediment,' says Procopius; «* Speaking with perfect voice,' says Mar cellinus ; 'They spoke perfectly, even to the end,' says the second Victor; "The words were formed full and perfect,' esys St. Gregory. .:v. . The evidence, then, of this nibrade' was; bo far as it went, complete. Sizty mar tyrs of Tipasa had their tongues cut out; and afterwards some of them at feast spoke articulately aud intelligibly, though we may reasonably doubt whether, : as i&neas; of Gaza asserts, they spoke better than before. Compared with these sfeveH witnesses, such miracles as the Hqnefjlc tionof the blood of St. Januarius, fhe winking of the eyes of the pictures.of tile Madonna in the Roman States,1 aiidjeiren those of Lourdes and La Salette musji veil their diminished . heads. These tongueless and yet articulate speaking martyrs of Tipasa, therefore, havp a3ty*jh» been the piece, dc resistance of 'Dr; Tf&h-; man and others, who assert ^that'. tiBb power to work miracles did not cease with the Apostolic age, and that, in point of fact, miracles are just as possible and probable in the 19th as they were in the 1st century of the Christian sere. But, alas! for such simplicity of faith, Mr. Twisle ton has shown not only. .that- these Catholics of Tipasa might' very possibly speak after the excision or eradication of their tongues, but that the same miracle has happened, and will coiithiqe to happen, so long as tyrants and snrgebns exist- Tyrants, as in Persia, cut and ?ear tongues out of their subjects^ mouths to punish their offences ; aud burgeons in Franca and England do the same. to sav$ their patients' lives. In a series of weuV authenticated cases, all hearsay evidence having been' excluded, it is proved 'that persons who have been so unfortunate as to lose their tongues, either from persei cution or disease, may speak very, nearly as well without them as with them.'*' The tongue,' in a word, as the title-page of this book declares, ' is not essential to speech.' and with tnat fact down topples the miracle of the martyrs of Tipasa, and all the casuistry with which it has been defended as having been caused by ' Divine interposition. Thus, we have first and foremost tho Saumur case, *u which a boy whose :name was Pierre Durand had lost his tengue in the first quarter of the Itth century by gangrene and mortification, after an attack of small pox. Of this leading case in ' Aglossostomagraphy,'. as M- Boland calls it, an account was given in French in 1630 by that surgeon, who seems to have been about the Court of Gaston, Duke of Orleans. This boy ^poke, tasted, and swallowed very nearly as well after he lost his tongue as he did .before. Next comes the case of John the putab, (attes ted to by one Dr. Tulp, of Amsterdam, a well-known surgeon, who figures in Rem brandt's great picture at the Hague cal? led the 'Lesson in Antimony ' as'the professor who holds the dissecting knife over the dead body;. This jjohn the Dumb had fallen iu to the hands, of Bar bary pirates, who tried to. make . him embrace their religion. When he refused they attempted to- cut out his tongue by the roots through a wound under the chin ; but not being surgeons enough to effect this they contented themselves with cutting out all the loose part of his tongue through' his mouth. At first he was un able to speak ; but three years afterwards he recovered his speech from the shock given to him by an unexpected flash of lightning. Of this, case Dr. Tulp has given a very, interesting account. Then we have the case of a Portuguese girl attested both by Dr, Wilcox, Chaplain to the British Embassay at Portugal, and afterwards Dean . of Westminster and Bishop of Rochester, and by M. Antoine de Jussieu, the first distinguished member of a family whose name is inseparably connected with tho science of botany. Iu this case the loss of the tongue seems to have been congenital. ' She hath not the least bit of a tongue, . nor anything like it,' says Dr. Wilcox, in a letter contained in ' Wanaley's. Wonden of the I Little World,*' * and yet she spoke, masticated, and even spat with little difficulty. This case is re markable, to having been referred to in «anfeovez$y by Br. Conyeni Middltetotft ?o far bade M 1748, as to which fact Mr. Tini&tniL; ?aj»l7I* If **? Jussieu's report :4sad-4h&& lk^L generally read/ aud Dr. Middletoi.'a rcmarka on that report liad aMrnTfaJlj ?rirmmntnfl, tin— of the |jWwai^hwftMBi« -would, perhaps, never a^ain hnifn Tifmn mfrmniT to as miracu 'Jmv. fit.MSddleton waathe first oontro ?iiiaialiiil who ourgecUy explained the power o£ speech ih the Confessors.' In Jib 'Krea Enquiry,' that divine ex Hiiciorl his unhesitating conviction, grounded on the experience of the case of Hie Partngueae girl, that the pre tended miracle of the African Confessors ^-wedits whole credit to our ignorance of .the powers of nature, and that the tongue -is not absolutely essential to theoseof ? * Next we come to our first English case. This was that of Margaret Cutting, in* ?«l||HMrrt in 1742. She was a young woman of Wekham Market, in Suffolk, -who had lost the whole of her tongue from oancer when she was four yean old. THk otteattraeted the notice of the Royal £kMMJy, and was enquired into most com* ^lately. The 'Philosophical Transac tions' for the yean 1743 and 1747 con -tain two papen on the case of Margaret -Cutting. After describing how the tongue -am kit by disease at an early age, the japagla go on to aay that examination ateiauHl that the loss was complete, and jet that the gid, then 24 years old, pro noBMei 'lettera and syllables very ^rJacolatelj,' and that -» she converted as -Haantiy and well as other persons do,' though ' whh a. sound like that usually -nallna apnsfcing through the nose.' -iyid^dto which aha - distinguished ail aaskea very nloely,' The next case ad jduoadbylir. Tanatetonia aPeraianone, snantioned inl828 by Sir John Malcolm in Jus-' Sketches of Perna,' whose authority la too wall known to call for any farther Mmaxka as to his trustworthiness. Una juJaaioa to Persia, about the year 1800, Sir. John became acquainted at Teheran with one Zal Khan, chief of Khisht. Thn /unfortunate, who appears to have been remarkable for bravery and loyalty, &adatoused; the fear of thereigningShah, who ozdered his eyes to be put out .TOten Zal Khan cursed the Shah, the i^iant aaid, ** Gat out hjs tongue,' and -afleoxdia^y half his tongue was excised. v4a£Kexe we must mention a very carious Jaatin tongue-cuUang. It is asserted in Pania that if -mly half, of if only the tip «£la\e tongue is cut onv the sufferer can ajofcapealr, though he can speak if it is «oiirely removed. Sojiwaveeof this fact; ,-waa Ztd .Khan that he made interest to nave the whole of that unruly member cut out w^thwhicb he had cursed the Shah, and the BBralt waa. says Sir John. Mai colm, ,ff that .hifa voice, though, indistinct and thickvis ye$ intelligible to -persona aoenatomed to convene with him- ' 'I ajn jqwt an anatomist,' he adds,, 'and 4»|aiu»C therefore, giv© a reason why: a ^B)W^wlu3jCoaIdjaot.«rticubite with -half a toa^oe should speak Twhen ke had none at j2| ; hut the facts *ro.as stated, and I, had ^«m^o»LtheTery baatjautlvotity, old Za* 'Khan lumseJf-' This statement of tor Jr^Wiffatlftftltn Is naote than continued OT»*rifaijpss of even greater authority in ¥rjrfjy)TP*tdr*™ Jn 1857 Sir JohuM'iieill Snlmned Jtr. Twialeton in a latter that K^MlJ^nQwn several persons in Persia aftfoaj* foagnea had.beea out, who yet apojke Jfo Satelligtblr as to be able to lacsljaapt important business, and that, in '$aet-: Ob /bad never met any one whose tu^ne bad been cut out who could net apeak ao. as to be quite intelligible: jEtia, ,,]fcbo- declares that the loss of Jffe'tip of tbe jtongoe entailed dumb Sfa%ao well was this .known to persons pHinfainfiftfl .to undergo this punishment Hil&i;&ey; made friends with the execu laonW^jio cut toe whole tongue, out. If anj^lnr^Qrnroof were needed as to this tack,%i.vi afforded by the evitlence of Dr. jjnfi^jnjjMY ihe Physician to the British pciystifln^tiT Persia, lately in attendance col the Shah, from him Mr. Twisieton laantt thst though the ininishmsnt of jaottsgg out the tongue was now compa nfijvgly Tare in Persia, the belief was jpauvezaal in that country that 'the p^twer 61 apeeen is destroyed by merely tHn^oi^o$[ the tip of the tongue, and is io^iusejNil extent restored by cutting off ttljhnt in loose in the mouth.' In testi ptOQJ of the truth of this, Dr. Dickson aajppj.be examined |he mouth of Mehdee 3^qly7 Beg, a man of 50, who, thirty twjp yeata ago, having used abusive ? lanf^ajge towards the chief of bis Depart awnt in iflws King's presence, was ordered byFattee AH Shah to have his tongue eat bnt^en'^theapbt. . The executioner, aalM advanced to dd his office, claimed 60 tomanxm -£S5) toperformttie operation ^'wrSB^TbiB Hie sufferer refnsed to give, and, tttnefare, only lost the tip of hiB fAi^pig. .Wtien he found himself speech Ibb^ MebMee Kooly Beg seized a razor Irom ia barber wbo bappened to bepre aea^.a&d;'eutoff the whole - loose portion if m Ibi^Qb, the result being that be was a%e td apeak after the fcecond operation. HSL 3ftaa^^oiisidered , it is satisfactory to ttfna: tijaHIMB Persianpracticeof punish ia^iaiMiAmlaa in office for speaking ill cWtfaw^tBtfafiHi 'not applied in England. Wefci it i» wo imagine that in the many Upoeaiybordinstg to the Treaiury, and, mtfliai^ we nng^t aay/ in &e; Board of W&ipfaan; to a very recent period, there w«4ld be found aavanl aubordmatea who li^loat «BSer the whole or the iips of 1 BuS^eae nicrtieB as tojthe -»nse- . qvtijttw of Hie loss of the whole or half Safe tongue we are forgetting the Con faaaan' 'tit Tipasa viA the general argu tnattt W«'paavKB^ybTeY^elfoucbuig ease of Uio*© tbw«rEmuBof the Lebanon, *ho^S*e*hetr bond to that old savage the late femV Beshir to the effect that if they #v»r iqab^elliBd against him they would have Sielr tonnes cat out and their eyes blinded by a rcd-hot iron. Heed we aay Withty did rebdj Bminof the Leba tooaalway* rebel, and the end was that aa£Uviir~'bond. - -They lost ,at once their ey*»A4 «M tiieir tongues, as Colonel t%6rcbifl boie witness, only it was men iwtaed as a curioua fact that their tongues ^grew again sufficiently for the purposes iofapeecb,^ which, of courae, only means iiaa'&Af; recoFered their speech just like iln.dcnfesBora of Tipasa and their Persian '-'?it* sowoometo tiie laataad most inte -*a«%of Mr:Ta1sIe*«'acaaea. Theae axe nemt opeamow by which toe whole ;tongueliaH tteen ranioved by^fingliaU «ur jjeona on account of disea&e.; Thus one Mr. lUwling*, who had been a soldier in the Grenadier-Guards, and afterwards a guard on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, being afflicted with cancer of the tougue, was operated dh by Mr. Nunneley, surgeon, of Leeds, who re moved the tongue by an excision under the chin, much in the same way as the Barbary pirates tried to cut out the tongue of Joannes the Dumb, iiut where they failed Mr. Nimneley was com pletely successful. The disease was cured, and withiu a month after the loss of his. tongue .Mr. Rawltngs could speak intel ligibly. Iu 1802 Mr. Bawlinga wrote to Mr. Twisleton to {the eiliect that he could converse with his neighbors, aud that his speech was mending. ' Thew is no portion of my tongue,' he say*,.' left that I am aware of.'1 Later still Mr. Bawlings came up to town and saw Mr. Twisleton and eeveral scientific men, who all found that he could converse with them intelli gibly. This case is followed by others attested by Professor Syme and Sir James Paget, the latter of whom states that lie has *' six times removed what is oommouly spoken of as the whole txigue. . . This includes the whole leugth of the tongue to within a quarter of an inch of the arches of the palate . . . » much larger portion, I believe, than is removed in any of the instances of cutting out the tongue as a punishment. All the patients thus operated on could talk quickly aud intelligibly after the healing of their wounds/' and 'they could so speak, though not very, clearly, and soon after the operation.' He adds, ' There is no truth in the ? statement that speech is destroyed by the removal of the tip of the tongue ; but I be lieve the tip of the tongue may be so mangled as .to make speaking very dim cult and very painful for a time, and during this time sjwaMng would be made easier by cutting off the mangled part.' This explanation, as Mr. Twisleton ob serves, precisely tallies with that of the Persian who said he was speechless after the tip of his tongue was cut off. The executioner to whom he refused 50 to mauns to do the operation ' well' pro bably mangled it on purpose. To these cases cited by and ao carefully accumulated by Mr. Twisleton we can add another whidi takes the form of a me diaeval miracle, and which is doubtless capable of explanation in the same way. It b recorded in the Orhn-.y $aga that the Bishop of Caithness had incurred; lite displeasure -of Earl fiarold of Orkney, who lived about the year 1200. After a meeting at Scrahster, iu which the Bishop failed to* justify him self; the Earl caused him to be seized* His tongue was then cut out and his eyes struck out with a knife. While these multilations were goiug on the Bishop called on St. Tredwall for aid, a Scottish saint who lies at Bestalrig, near Edin burgh, and who was supreme over such cases of mutilation. '. The Bishop was borne triber shrine, and there recovered ** both his speech; and sight.' Whatever may iiave been the truth as tft the latter sense, it may .have been, affirmed that if the Bishop recovered the former it was not by the intercession of St. Tred wall; but by the natural restoration of speech, of which Mr. Twisleton has col lected so many instances. And now we take leave of this very interest ing . book, the' appearance of which we cannot but think singularly oppor tune at the present moment, when the whole Roman4 Catholic world has run mad on pilgrimages in celebration of imaginary miracles. The case of the Confessors of Tipasa was a miracle after the Apoctolic age which seemed to re3ton the authentic evidence, and this evidence has now been reduced by the indefatigable industry of Bfr. Twisleton to its true proportions. In onto sense, and that .the highest, every event of life is a miracle of Divine power and goodness ; but that is not at all the sense assuredly in which a miracle is understood and accepted by Roman ? Catholics in this latter age. They may learn a wholesome lesson from *his ex haustive proof that ' the tongue is hot essential to speech.' . 