sfatest fjbWfl. THB RAINFALL. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide Auburn Clare Mount Barker... Strathalbyn ... Wfflunga NormanviQe ... 0-010 0-200 0-030 0-090 0-200 0-180 0-005 Port Elliot Goolwa ... ... McGrath's Flat Robe Mount Gambier Penola 0-058 0-120 0-17P 0-17D 1-li 0-7' -LILTHOFRACTEUB.—Atrial of this new explo- -nve is^dvertised to be made this afternoon at GlenOezaood. MH. WARD'S LECTTTRE.—It is announced that Mr. A. W. P. Ward will lecture in the Temperance Hall this evening. No admission fee will be charred, but a collection is to be nude. There will be singing and reciting. ST. PAXIL'S CHURCH.—A conversazione in connection with this Church will, be held this evening in the Town Hall. Addresses are to be delivered relating to the history of-the Church/ and the proceedings are to be .diversified with music. A band has been engaged. .. NATIOPAL ORDER .OF BRITISH TEMPLARS.— The quarterlyjtneetingof the Havelocfe Lodge was held at the Ebenezer Chapel, -Bundle-street, oa Thursday, November-13. The officers wererobed in the splendid regalia "recently arrived in the Penola. Amongst these was a splendid presentaj tion-eollar of beautiful workmanship forwarded by the Rev. F. L. Wilson, M.W.G.C.T., to the jnstituting officer of the province, Mr. J. Kemp Benney. Several candidates were initiated and a large number proposed. Applications were made for a Charter to open a Lodge in the south part" of the city and three others .in the suburb^ ACCIDENTS AT HINTARO.—Several accidents have lately occurred in and about Mintaro. FhsttMr. Brinnly, butcher, had a narrow escape through being thrown from a horse, and he jyas taken home apparently in a dying state. Then Mr. F. Curneen, farmer, at FarreU's Flat, was knocked down insensible whilst drafting horses at Mr. Brinnly's residence, and sustained, some severe, "internal injuries. A young man named Halycha had his hand jambed between the cog-wheels of a reaping- machine and a piece of timber, and much lacerated; and lastly, a son of Mr. Coles, of Belalie, fell into a W&terhole; whilst fishing, and great praise is due to Messrs. J. Brown and Bowman for haying rescued him after having sunk the third time. All the sufferers were placed under the treatment of Dr. Carter, and are now convalescent. • THE SPIRITISTS OUTDONE.—The London correspondent of the Birmingham Post writes:—" If any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make a pilgrimage at once to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. There are two mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke] who have great qualifications for astouadingthem. They greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking sticks con verse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air and present themselves to favourites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air—not in the dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, holding each other's hands like so many idiots, but •with powerful opera glasses In their hands, are in vited on the stage, and sit there during the peri formance —' manifestations' I ought to say, A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated so that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredulous auditors are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. The floorbelow is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap door impossible, and there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without observation; yet a man enters the box, his legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks; when the door is opened the rnan is gone and no one can conceive in what way he has disappeared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic^ proclivities. He succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one King Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened; and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to be on the stage, and a very incredulous and suspicious gentleman from the body of the meeting, yetneithercould discover how the disappearances came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether beth ate each other, no one was able to Say or to suggest in what possible manner they could bave disappeared. The Maskelene and Cooke spirits will excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were Uke spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get "away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a. long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the better of the world, but now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his krees in wonder and adoration. Two centuriM ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cookp would have been fire and-faggot." THIS EVENING'S CONCERT.—The concert to be given this evening in White's Assembly Room will be under the patronage of His Excellency and Mrs. Musgrave. This circumstance, taken in connection with the acknowledged talent of the Clans & Rekel company, will no doubt secure S& full attendance. The programme includes several classic gems, interspersed with some lighter compositions. • • _ MAYOR OF KENSINGTON AND NORWOOD.—AH influential deputation waited upon Mr. B. T. Smith on Thursday* November 18, urging him to withdraw his refusal to stand for the Mayoralty of this municipality, and after considerable persuasion Mr. Smith said he would give his final answer at the public meeting on Tuesday next. \- EQUITY COURT.—The Primary Judge was occupied on Thursday, November 13, with the suit of White v. Taylor. The Attorney-General opened the case for the defendant, and was followed by Mr. Stow, Q.C., who, however, hag not completed his speech at the rising of we Court. The case will be continued to-day. f BAZAAR.—The sale of fancy goods in connsction with St. Bartholomew's Church rwas continued oh Thursday afternoon and evening. There was a largo attendance, and the ladies. sold £140 wor th of goo&s.; A number of articles remain, which, with an assortment of toys th^t arrived from England too late for the present sale, will be offered at some future date._ In the evening a promenade concert, was .giveij,. comprising chiefly instrumental music. Tne two clays' sale realized £245, or £45 more than the amount required to liquidate the debt on the church. . .. ST. CLEMENT'S, ENFIELD.—A pleasant entertainment was given on Tuesday evening, "November 11, in aid of the funds of the ehuroh, at the Council-Chamber, Gepp*s Cross; the Ber. J. C. Haynes presiding. There was a good attendance of-residents^ who .apparently mUoh enjoyed a capital literary and musical programme, presented by lady and gentleman amateurs from Adelaide. Dean Russell read from Geo. Macdonald's poems in capital style. The Chairman gave a reading from " Sam Slick spiritedly, and the audience will probably as!a consequence remember " how many fins there are to a cod" the rest of their days. Mr. T. G. Pappin sang " The Holy Friar" in capital style, gaining a loud encore, in response to which he gave " Simon the Cellarer" as successfully. Ladies charmed their hearers in several beautiful songs and duets, among which specially worthy of mention may be cited "Juanita, "For ever," and "Roses bloom in summer only." RELATIVE HEIGHT AND WEIGHT OF MEN IN GOOD HEALTH.—The late Dr. John Hutchinson, after obtaining the height and weight df upwards of 5,000 men. prepared a tabular statement, of which the following is an extract, showing the Telative height and weight of sound healthy men :—A man 5 feet 1 inch in height should weigh 120 "lbs.; a mau 5 feet 2 inches in height should weigh 126 lbs.; a man 5 feet 8 inches in height should weigh 133 lbs. ;a man 5 feet 4 inches in height should weigh 139 lbs. ; a man 5 feet 5 inches in height should weigh 142 lbs. ; a man 5 feet 6 inches in height should •weigh 145 lbs. ; a man 5 feet 7 inches in height should weigh 148 lbs.: a man 5 feet 8 inches in height should weieh 155 lbs.; a man 5 feet 9 inches in height should weigh 162 lbs. ; a man 5 feet 10 inches in height should weigh 169 lbs. ; a man 5 feet 11 inches in height should weigh 174 lbs. • a man 6 feet in height should weigh 178 lbs.' The above table may be taken as the standard of mean healthy weight, being the results of 2,650 observations, and the individuals observed upon were men in the prime of vigorous life accustomed to use great muscular exertions, such as sailors, soldiers, firemen, policemen, watermen, cricketers, Oxford and Camhridge rowers, and the like. THE LION WALLACE.—This animal was during last week exhibited at Port Augusta. . None are too wise to be mistaken; and few are so wisely just as to acknowledge and correct their mistakes-and especially the mistakes - I of prejudice. 