WESLEYAN METHODISM.—No. V. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. SIR, —It remains that I should state the position of the local preachers, and deduce my inference. The origin of local preachers, like all beside in Methodism, was unpremeditated, and very much of it adopted in spite of strong prejudice and determined opposition. The preaching of laymen originated thus:—The Wes leys found it necessary, when compelled to form religious societies, to enlist helpers to watch over them. “ The clergymen of the establishment would not assist. In this dilemma he (Mr J. Wesley) ap pointed a Mr Conuick to take charge at Kingswood.” But like help was needed at London. He therefore appointed one “ he judged to be strong in faith, and of an exemplary conversation, to meet the society at the usual times, to pray with them, and giving such advice as might be useful." This was Thomas Max field, he being “fervent in spirit and mighty iu the Scriptures greatly profited the people. They crowded to hear him, and by the increase of their number, as well ns by their earnest and deep attention, they in sensibly led him to go further than he at first de signed. He began to preach, and the Lord so blessed the Word, that many were not only deeply awakened and brought to repentance, but were also made happy in a consciousness of pardon. The ■ Scripture marks of true conversion, inward peace and power to walk in all holiness, evinced the work to be of God.” Mr Wesley, who was absent from London, was informed of this irregularity, and he hastened to London to put a stop to it. His mother was then staying at the Foundry, iu his house. And she perceived on his arrival that he was troubled, and enquired the cause. “ Thomas Maxfield,” said he, abruptly, “has turned preacher, I find.” She looked at him, and replied, “John, you know what my sentiments have been. You cannot suspect me of favoring readily anything of this kind. But take care what you do with respect to that young man, for he is as surely called of God to preach as you are. Examine what have been the fruits of his preaching, and hear him also yourself.” He did so; his prejudice bowed before the force of truth, and he could only say, “ It is the Lord’s, let Him do what seemeth to Him good.” The first lay preacher was remarkably successful. (Coke and Moore’s Life.) Here was the first development of the vertebra of Methodism; that which has given it expansion and permanency. Without its local preachers Methodism would have been a small thing to what it is to-day. There can be no question, I think, that this was the greatest revolution iu the Church since the days of Constan tine, and a revolution which has not been appreciated as it should have been, and the issues of which are as yet but dimly apprehended. Neither Mr Wesley nor the Wesleyan Conference, much less the simple minded local preachers of Methodism, had any idea what a stride back to primitive usage, and New Testament practice was the recognition of this class as preachers—divinely called of God, to preach the Gospel. It is from the employment of this class of ministers of the New Testament by all the churches _ (and they are all tend ing in that direction yet more and more), that ritualism will receive its quietus, and sacerdotalism with its unrighteous pretensions be laid at rest. Stevens, in his history of Methodism, chapter v., writing of the conference of 1746, says:—“Wesley’s conviction of the importance and necessity of the lay ministry had been deepened since the last session. Providen tial circumstances every day rendered it more evident that the great religious interest which had begun in the land must bo conducted forward chiefly by that agency, or be generally abandoned. Next to revela tion itself such providential indications were decisive of Wesley’s judgment. The lay ministry was then God’s own means, because the only means provided for the prosecution of the growing work. But much discrimination was necessary to ascertain the fitness of untrained men for such a momentous responsibility. “ How shall wo try those who think they are moved by the Holy Spirit, and called of God to preach ?” was an anxious question asked at this session. Three tests were given in the answer. Have they grace, gifts, and fruits 1 Fiist.—Do they know God as a pardoning God ? Have they the love of God abiding in them ? Do they desire and seek nothing but God ? And are they holy in all manner of conversation ? Second.—Have they (in some tolerable degree) a clear, sound understand ing? Have they a right judgment in the things of ■God? Have they a just conception of salvation by faith ? And has God given them any degree of utter ance ? Do they speak justly, readily, clearly ? Third. —Have they fruit ? “ As long as these three great marks concur in any, we believe,” affirmed the con ference “ that ho is called of God to preach. These we receive as a sufficient proof that he is moved by the Holy Ghost.” It may bo said that this refers to those' whom Mr Wesley employed fully iu the work of preaching. It does not appear clearly whether it is so or not; but granting it, these men were at that time to all intents and purposes laymen, while this is practically, indeed literally, the qualification and fitness demanded in local preachers to-day. The local preacher has to affirm his belief that he is “ moved of the Holy Ghost” and “ called of God” before he is accepted. They have to undergo the same examination, in all its essentials, as the itinerant preachers; and really the only difference between them is, that the one devotes himself exclusively to the work of preaching, and the other only devotes his Sundays and occasional week nights, while he at the same time prosecutes bis business. If to attend to secular business detracts from the essential requisites of a minister of the New Testament, then Paul at all events was not a full-fledged minister according to modern pretension.- And I fear it will militate against the status of many of our own reverends, as we have some become tutors of our colleges, secretaries of our missionary societies, managers of our book concerns, and are relieved from circuit work: placed in reality in the same position in this respect as the local preachers. They have no charge! But it may be said that the itinerant ministers are ordained by the laying on of hands. To this it may be said that while Mr Wesley believed all through his life in the “ appropriateness or ordination and the usual orderly distinctions of the Christian ministry, they were no longer essential requisites in —Yours, &c.;, Wesleyan. his estimation.- His lay assistants were moved of the Holy Ghost and called of God to do their work; they were, therefore, by divine right as legitimate preachers of the Word as any priest or bishop of the land.” So say we of our local preachers, and what Methodist minister will dare_ to say that they are not thus called.: And if so called, upon what justifiable grounds are any of the duties and rights of the divinely-appointed preachers of the “Word withheld from them? Further, if ordination by the laying oh of hands is an essential requisite of' a minister of the Gospel, we have the ugly circumstance left us that the Wesleyan Confe rence did not ordain its ministers by the imposition of hands prior to 1836. Are we to conclude that the ancient worthies' of our Church previous to that date were not true ministers of the Word? I have now, I think, shown that every requisite for the office, and every duty of the office of a New Testament elder, meet in the Wesleyan class leader and local preacher; and, further, that in the New Testament the term bishop, elder, pastor, ate synonymous, as designa tions of one order of officers. My inference is, that it invested with the office, and charged with the duties thereof, and subject to the penalties attached to the neglect of such duties, they have every right to all the immunities and privileges of the office. And I fearlessly say, that to lay upon them the burthen of the office, and to withhold from them its rights, is an act of injustice. It is no answer to say that these officers do not so understand their office, and make no claim for such recognition. Some of them do; and an increasing number will, as the matter is placed in a true light before them. But such an argument is unworthy of a Christian. Was it any reason .why the Czar of all the Russias, the other day, should withhold freedom from the serfs of the empire because tens of thousands did not know they were entitled to the rights of freemen? And are we to be told .that because a number of simple hearted unlettered leaders and local preachers do not understand the privileges pertaining to their office, they are to bo perpetually withheld from them ? Let me now say what it is I desire to see accomplished. First—l do not desire to effect any change in the fundamental principles of the connexion. .1 would preserve in its integrity the connexions! and the itinerant principle. Ido not wish to dispute the pastoral rights of the ministers. -1 advocate no altera tion in our connesional funds. I accept the principle involved, while I yet think they are capable of modi fication with advantage. lam not an advocate for universal suffrage, so called. That it will be ultimately granted I have no doubt, but at present I make no claim for it. lam willing to admit that the Church should be governed by its proper officers, and not by the people. I had hoped to have concluded in this letter, but I find that already I have written over much; I must, therefore, impose on your generosity for another letter. - 