SELECT POETRY. THE CHRISTIAN'S FATIIKlt LAND, "v Br Dean Stanley. Where is tho Christian's I'uthcrinnd? Is it tho Holy Hobrow Land ? In Nazareth's vale, on Eton's steep, Or by the Galilean deep J Whcro pilgrim lioBts lmvo nishM to lavo Their stains of sin in Jordan's wave, Or sought to win by brand and biado The tomb wherein their Lord wan laid? Where is tho Christian's Fatherland? Is it the haunted Grecian strand, Wlfero Apostolic wanderers first Tho yoko of Jewish bondugo burst? Or whcro, on ninny a mystic page. Byzantine prelate, Coptic sage, Fondly essay'd to intcrtwino Earth 6 shadows with the Light Divino? Or is tho Christian's Fatherland Whcro tho crown d head nnd croztcrd hand, Tho Ghost of Empire proudly flits, And on tho grave of Cmsnr sits? O by thoso world-embracing walls, O In those vast and plcturu halls, O underneath that soaring dome, Shall this not bo the Christian's home? Where is the Christian's Fatherland?— He still looks on from land to land — Is It whore Gorman conscionco woke, Whon Luther's lips of thnndor spoko? Or whcro by Zurich's shoro was heard Tho calm Helvetian's earnest word? Or whore, beside tho rushing Rhone, Stern Calvin rcaFd his unseen throno ? Or where from Sweden's snows conic forth Tho stainless hero of tho North ? Or is thoro yot a closer band— Our own, our nativo Fathorland? Whoro Law and Freedom side by sido In Hoaven's behalf have gladly vied ? ' Where prayer and praiso for years havo rung In Shakespeare's accents, Milton's tonguo, Blossing with cadcnco sweet and gravo I Thcfircsido nook, tho ocoan wave, I And o'er tho broad Atlantic hurl'rl, I Wakening to lifo another world? I No, Christian ! no !— not even horo, I By Christmas hearth or churchyard dear : I Nor yot on distant shores brought nigh I By martyr's blood or propliot's cry— Nor Western pontiffs lordly name, Nor Eastern Patriarch's hoary fanio — Nor e'en where shono swoct Betlilehcin's star : Thy Fathorland is wider far. Thy native homo Is whcrcsoo'cr Christ's Spirit breathes a holier nir ; Whoro Christ-Uke Faith Is keon to seek What Truth or Conscionco frcoly speak— Whoro C hrlst-llke Love dolights to span The routs that sorer man from man — Whoro round God's throno His just ones stand- There, Christian, is tby Fathorland. 