LITERATURE. THE AMERICAN BARON. Chapter X. — A Fearful Discovery. A Tew days after this flawbury was in his room, when Dacres entered. " Hallo, old man, what's up now ? How goo < the war ?" said Hawburv. " But what the mis chifiFs i-he matter ? You look cot op. Your brow is sad; your pyeB beneath flash like a falohio.. fronYita "sheath. VV bat's happened ? You look - half snubbed, and half desperate." Dacres said not a word, but flung himself into a chair with a look that suited Haw bury 'a descrip tion of him quite accurately. His brows lowered into a heavy frown, his lips were compreseed, and his breath came quick and hard through his in flated nostrils. He sat thus for some time without taking any notice whatever of his friend, and nt lengtn lighted a cigar, which he smoked, as he often laid wg#s. excited, in great- voluminous -puff- « Hajrfiury s ud nothing, but after oifo orAwoJuiick gladoes athu friend, rang a beU and orderodlorue- "Bass." >; " Hew, old fellow," said he, drawing the at tention of Qapres to the refreshing drauehf " Take some-pi Quaff, oh quaff this kindnepenttm" and forget thy lost Lenore.' " P ' Dacres at this gave a heavy Bigh that sounded like a groan, and swallowed several tumblers in quick succession. ""Hawbury !" said he at length, in a half- stifled voice. " Well, old man." _ /, ; "I've had a blow to-day full ou the breast that £ai ly staggered line." " JvyJove!" "Fact. I've just come from a mad ride aloig theah'pre. I'vo been mad, I think, for t vo <.>v thre j iiotsrs. Of all the monstrous, abominablu, infsruai, and unheard-of catastrophes, this is tbc WOMt." ' i'tli'r 'I ' He stopped, and puffed away desperately at hiB cigar. " Don't keep a fellow in suspense this way," said Hawbury at. last. " What's up ? Out with it, man." A .- ' Well, you know, yesterday Tlei'ieiV 'Vv Hawbury nodded. " She was not at home." 'Vftaijou said." You- kw she tetany waenlforl told youjtbat I mttheircarriage. The while party were in it, and on' the front seat beside Minnie tcere wak an- otjaer liidy. Thia is the one 1 bad not seen before! She mfj&ea; the 'fourth in that party. She and Minnie their backs turned as they came, up. ' The other ladies bowed as they passed, and as I held off my hat I half turned to catch Minnie's eyes, when I caught sight of the face of the lady. Ii startled me so much that I was thunder-struck, and stood there with my hat off after they had paseed me fbreome time." "i You said nothing about that, old chap. Who the deuce could she have been ?" ".No,.! aaid nothiog about it. As I cantered ofl I began to think that it was only a fancy of mine, arid finally I was sure of it, and laughed it off For, you must know, the lady's face .looked astonishingly like a certain face that I don't par ticularly care to see — certainly not in such clote connection with Minnie. But, you see, I thought it might have been my fancy, so that £ finally shook off the feeling, and said nothing to you about it.'' Dacres paused here, and rubbed his hand violently over his hair at the place were the scar war. And then, frnwninff heavilv. resumed : — 1 — i — b «r 9 " Well, this afternoon I called again. They were at home. On entering I found three ladies there. One was Lady Dairy mple, and the others were Mianie and her friend Ethel — either her friend or her sister. I think she iB her sister. Well, I sat for about five minutes, and was just beginning to feel the full sense of my happiness, when the door opened and another lady entered. Hawbury" — and Dacres'e tones deepened into an awful solemnity — " Hawbury, it was the lady that I saw in the carriage yesterday. One look at her was enough. I was assured then that my impreesions yesterday were not" dreams, but the damnable and abhorrent truth !" " Wbat impressions—you haven't told me yet, you know ?" " Wait a minute. I rose as she entered, and confronted her. She looked at me calmly, and then stood as though expecting to be introduced. There was no emotion visible whatever. She was prepared for it : I was not : and so she wat as cool as when I saw her last, and, what is more, just as young and beautiful." " The devil !" cried Hawbury. > Dacres poured out another glass of ale and $rank it. His hand trembled slightly as be put down the glass, -and he sat for some time in thought before be went on. " Well, Lady Dalrymple introduced us. It was Mrs. Willeughby !" : " By Jove!" criedHawburj. " I saw you were coming to that?' "Well, you know,. the whole thing was so sudden, so unexpected, and so perfectly over whelming, that I stood transfixed. I said nothing. I believe I bowed, and then somehow or ither, 1 really don't know how, I got away, and, mounting my horse, rode off like a madman. Then I came home, and here vou see me." There was a silence now for some time. " Are you sure that it was your wife ?" " Of course I am. How could I be mistaken ?" " Are you sure the name was Willoughby ?" " Perfectly sure." " And that is the name your wife took ?" " Yes ; I told you so before, didn't I ?" "Yes. But think now. Mightn't there be some mistake ?" " Pooh ! How could there be any mistake ?" " Didn't you see any change in her ?" " Ho, only: that she looked more quiet than she used to. Not so active, you know. In her best days she was always excitable, and a little demon strative; but now .she seems to have sobere-T down, and is as quiet and well bred as any of the others." " Was there not any change in her at all ?" " Not so much as I would have supposed ; cer tainly not so muoh as there is" in me. But then I've ' been knocking about all over the world, and she's been living a life of peace and calm, with the sweet consciousness of having triumphed over a hated husband, and possessing a handsome com petency. Now she mingles in the best society. She assnciatBs with lbrds and ladies. She enjoys life in England, while I am an exile. No doubt she passes for a fine young widow. No doubt, too, she has lots of admirers. They aspire to her hand. They write poetry to her. , They make love to her, ConfoRnd her !" Dacres's voice grew" more and more agitated and excited as he spoke, and at length his tirade against his wife ended in something that was almost a roar. Hawbury said nothing, but listened, with his face full of sympathy. At last his pent- up feeling found expression : in his favourite exclamation, " Bv Jove !" " Wouldn't I be justified in wringing her neck?" aBked Dacres, after a pause. " And what's worse? he continued, without waiting for an answer to his question — " what's worse, her presence here in this unexpected way has given me, me, mind you, a; sense of guilt, while she is, of course, im» maculate, I, mind you- — I, the injured husband, with the Bcar en my head from a' wound made by hand, and all the ghosts of my ancestors howling curses over me at night for my desolated aid ruined home — A am to be conscience-stricken in her presence, as if I were a felon, while she, the really guilty -one — the blight and bitter destruction of my life— -sAe is to appear before me as injured, and must make her appearance here, standing by ; the side of that sweet child- angel, and warning me away . Oonfound it all, man ! Do you nump to say that such a thing iB to be borne ?" Dacres was now quite frantio, so Hawbury, with a sigh of perplexity, lighted a fresh cigar, and thus took refuge from the helplessness of bis po sition. It was clearly a state of things in which advice was utterly useless, and consolation im possible. What could he advise, or what consola tion could he offer ? The child-angel was now out of his friend's reach, and the worst fears of the lover ware more than realised. "I told you I was afraid of this," continued Dacres. " I had a suspicion that she was alive, and I firmly believe she'll outlive me forty yeare but I must say I never expected to see her in this way, under such circumstances. And then to find her so infernally beautiful 1 Confound her ' she don t look over twenty- five. How the mischief does she manage it? Oh, she's a deep one ! But perhaps she's changed. She seems so calm, and came into the room so gently, and looked at me so steadily. Nob a tremor, not a shake, as I live. Calm, iur| com as steel, and hard too. She looked away, and then looked back. They were searching as though they read me through and rW ell, there was no occasion for that. She eughf; id know Scone Dacres well enough, I swfear. Cdol! And there stood I, with the blood Hashing to my head, and throbbing fire .niidbr- neath the Scar of her wound— hers — her own property, for she mado it ! That was the woman that kicked me, that struck at me, that paused the destruction of my ancestral house, that 'drove me. to exile, And that now drives me back from my love. But, by Heaven ! it'll take more than her to doit ; and I'll show her again, as I showed her once before, that Scone Dacres is her master. And, by i Jove ! she'll find that it'll take more than herself to keep me away from Minnie Fay." " St e here, old boy," said Hawbury, " you may as well throw up the sponge. " I won't," Baid Dacres gruffly. "You see it isn't your wife that you have to consider; but the girl ; and do you think the girl or her friends would have a married man paying his attentions in that quarter P Would you have the face to. do it under your, own wife's eye ? By Jove!" The undeniable truth of this assertion was felt by Dacres even in hiB rage. But the very fact that it was unanswerable, and that he was helpless, only served to deepen and intensify his rage. Yet he said nothing; it was . only in his face and manner that his rage waB manifested. He appeared almost to suffocate under the rush of fierce, con tending Dassions : bier distended veins swelled out in bis forehead, which was also drawn far down in a gloomy frowH ; his breath came thick and fast, and his hands were elenched tight together. Haw bury watched him in silence as before, feeling all the time the impossibility of saying anything that could be of any use whatever. u Well, old fellow" said Dacres at last, giving a long breath, in which lie seemed to throw off some of his excitement, " you're right, of course, and I am helpless. There's no chance for me. Faying attentions is out of the question, and the only thing for me to do is to give up the whole thing. But that isn't to be done at once. It's been long since I've seen any one for whom I felt any tenderness, and this little thing I know is fond of me. £ can't quit her at once. I must Btay on for a time, at least, and have occasional glimpses at her. It gives me a fresh sense of almost heavenly sweetness to look at her fair young face. Besides, I feel that I am far more to her than any other man. No ether man has stood to her in the relation in which I have stood. Recollect how I saved her from death. That is no light thing, She must feel toward me es she has never felt to any other. She is not one who can forget howl snatched her from a fearful death, and brought her back to life. Every time she looks at me she Seems to convey all that to me in her glance." "Oh, well, my dear follow, really no.r," said Hawbury, " ju?t think. You can't do anything." " But I don't want to do aaj thing." " It never can end in anj thing, yon know?' " But I don't Want it to end in aoy thing." " You'll only bother her-by- entangling her af fections? " But I don't want to entangle her affections." " Tnen what the mischief <fo you want to do ?" " Why, very little. I'll start off eoon for the uttermost ends of the earth, but I wish to stay a little loneer. and see her sweet face. It's not much, is it ? It won't compromise her, will it ? She need not run any risk, need she ? And Fm a man of honour, am I not ? You don't suppose me to be capable ef any baseness, do you ?" " My dear fellow, how absurd! Of course not. Only I was afraid by giving way to this, you might drift onintp a worse state of mind, bhe'e all safe, I fancy, surrounded as she is by so many guardians. It is you that I'm anxious about." " Don't be alarmed, old chap,- about me. I feel calmer already. I can face my situation firmly, and prepare for the woret. While I have been fitting here I have thought out the future. I will stay here four or five ' weeks. I will only seek solace for myself by riding about wherp I may meet her. I do notriniend to go to tbe house at -all. My demon of a wife may have the whole house to herself. I won't even give her the pleasure of supposing that she has thwarted me. She shall never even suspect tbe stote of my heart. That would be bliss indeed to on'elike her, for then she would find herself able t o put me en the rack. No, my boy, I've thought it all over. Scene Dacres is himself again. No more nonsense now. Do you understand now what I mean ?" "Yes," said Hawbury, slowly, and in his worst drawl j a but ah, really, don't you think it's all nonsense ?" "What?" " Why, this ducking and diving about to get a glimpse of her face." . " I don't intend to duck and dive about. I merely intend to rhfe like any other gentleman. What put that intoVyour head, man ?" " Well, I don't know ; I gathered it from the way you expressed yourself?' _ " Well, I don't intend anything of the kind. I simply wish to have occasional looks at her — to get a bow and a smile- of recognition when T maat. her, and have a few additional recollections to turn over in my thoughts after I have left her fcr ever. Perhaps this seems odd ?" " Oh no, it doesn't. I quite understand it. A passing smile or a parting sigh is sometimes more precious than any other memory. I know all about it, you know— looks, glances, smiles, sighs, and All that sort of thing, you know." " Well now, old chap, there's one thing I want you to do for me." " Well, whet is it ?" " It isn't much, old fellow. It isn't much. I simply wish you to vieit there." " Me ?— visit there ! What ! me— and visit ? Why, my dear follow, don't you know how I hate such bother?" " I know all about that ; but, old boy, it's only for a few weeks I ask it, and for my sake as a particular favour. I put it in that light." ' " Oh, well, really, dear boy, if you put it in that bght, you know, of course, that I'll do anything even if it comes to letting myself be bored to death." Just a visit a day or so." " A visit a day !" Hawbury looked aghast. " It isn't much to ask, you know," continued Dacres. "You see my reason is this ; I can't go there myself, as you see, but I hunger to hear about her. I should like to hew? how she looks, and what she Says, and whether she thinks of me." « Oh, come now .'look here, my dear fellow, you're putting it a little too strong. You don't expect me to go there and talk to her »bout you yon know. Why; man alive, that's quite out of I'm not much of a talker at any time s | «np' besides, you kfaow, there's something distaste ful in acting as — as — By Jove ! I don't know wbat to call it." "My dear boy, you don't understand me. J)o you think I'm a sneak? Do you suppose Fduek you to act as a go-between ? Nonsense ! I . merely ask you to go as a cursory visitor. I donVwant you to breathe my name, or even think ofmb while you. are there." . Bupppse l make myself top agreeable to the young lady. ByJore ! she might thinklvas, paying her attentions, you know." ; r «Oh no, np, J believe me, you don t know her.. She's too earnest; she has top much soul to shift aadphauge. Oh no ! I feel that she is miue,Rud that the image of my own miserable self is indelihly impressed upon her heart. Oh no ! you don't know her. If you had heard her thrilling expressions of gratitude, if you had seen the beseeching and pleading looks which she gave me, you would know that she is one of those natures who love once, and once Only." v " Oh, by Jove, now ! Come ! If that's the state of the case, why, I'll go." " Thanks, old boy." " As a simple visitor." "Yes— that's all." " To talk about the weather, and that rot." "Yes." ' And no more." "No." " Not a word about you." " Not a word." ' " No leading questions, and that sort of thing." " Nothing of the kind." " No hints, no watching, but just as if I went there of my own accord. " That's exactly the thing." "Very well ; and now pray what good is all this going to do to you, my boy ?" " Well, just this ; I can talk to you about her every evening, and you can tell me bow she looks, and what Bhe says, and all that sort of thibg, you know. "By Jove." " And you'll cheer my heart, old fellow?' " Heavens and eaith ! old boy, you don't seem to think that this is going to be no end of a bore." " I know it, old man ; but then, -you know, I'm desparate just now." " By Jove I" And Hawbury, uttering this exclamation, re lapsed into silence, and wondered over his friend's infatuation. On the following day when Dacres came. in he found that Hawbury had kept his word. " Great bore, ©id fellow," said he, " but X did it. The old lady is an old acquaintance, you know. I'm going there to-morrow again. Didn't see any thing to-day of the cbiid-angel. But it's no end of a bore, you know." Chapter XI. — False and Forgetful. The day when Lord H .wbury called on Lady Dalrymple was a very eventful one in hie life, and had it not been for a slight peculiarity of his, the immediate result of that visit would have beea of a highly important character. This slight peculiarity consieted in the fact that he was short sighted, and, therefore, on a very critical occasion turned away from that which would have been his greatest joy, although it was full before his gaze. It happened in this wise : On the day when Hawbury called, Ethel hap pened to be sitting by the window, and saw him as he' rode ap. Now the last time that shp had seen him he had a very different appearance — all his hair being burned off, from bead- and cheeks and chin ; and the whiskers which he had when she first met him had been of a different cu from the present appendages. In spite of this she recognised him almost in a moment ; and her heart beat fast, and her colour came and went; and her hands clutched the window ledge convulsively. " It's he !" she murmured. Of course there was only one idea in her mind, and that was that he had heard of her presence in Naples, and had come to call on her. She -eat there without motion, with hei head eagerly bent forward, and her eyes fixed hpon him. He looked up carelessly as he came Along, and with; his chin in the air, in a fashion peculiar to him, which, by-the-way, gave a quite uninten tional superciliousness to his expression. For an instant his eyes rested upon her, then tbey moved away, without the slightest recognition, and wandered elsewhere. Ethel's heart seemed turned to Btone. He had; seen her. He had not notioed her. He had fixed' his eyes on her and then looked away. Bitter; indeed, was all this to her. To think that after so long a period of waiting — after such hope and watching as hers had been — that this should be the end. She turned away from the window, with a chokiBg sensation in her throat. No one was in the room. She was alone with her thoughts and her tears. Suddenly her mood changed. A-thought came to her which dispelled her gloom. The g1«n<»A that be had given was too hasty ; perhaps he. really had not fairly looked at her. No doubt he had eome for her, aud she would shortly be sum moned down. And now this nrnmect hrnw oh f-. maw tiniu Light returned to her eyes, and joy to her heart. Yes, she would be summoned. She must prepare herself to encounter his eager gaze. Quickly she stepped to the mirror, hastily she arranged those little details in which . consists the charm of a lady's dress, and severely she scrutinised the face Mid figure reflected there. The scrutiny , was a satisfactory one. Face and figure were perfect ; nop was there in toe world anything more graceful and more lovely than the image there, though the one who looked upon it was far too self- distrustful to entertain any euto idea as that. Then she seated herself and waited. The time moved slowly indeed, as she waited there. After a few minutes she found it impos sible to sit any longer. 8he walked to toe door, held it open, and listened. She .heard his voice below quite plainly. They had two suits of rooms in the house— the bedrooms up stairs and reception roomB below. Here Lord Hawbury was, now, within hearing of EtheL. Well she knew that voice. She listened and frowned. The. tone was too flippant. He talked like a man without a care — like a butterfly of society — aud jthat was a class which she scorned. Here he was, keeping her waiting. Here he was, keeping up a hateful chatter of small- talk, while her . heart was aching with suspense. ' - Ethel stood there listening. Minute succeeded to minute. There was no request for her. Bow strong was the contrast between tkeoool indiffer ence of the man below, and the feverish impatience of that listener above ! A wild impulse came to her to go down, under the pretence of looking for something ; then another to go down and out for a walk, so that he aught see her. But - in either ca|e pride held her i I . How could she ? he not know nerfAm? there ? No; if he did mJnf1 I a prey tolhehrtSSifPllli B Why didc he diay P worse thah«ver,T,h® ch0kiNt| H Aurned, flnd her eves ere» % IB W1018 to the d(£r®W Bi Ytoite at the tigktnees of BI- stefe " II Of course toe caller below GB of ignorance about all tbifl Mct.u, KB remotest idea of that one X?' 08 M TS ISl came as a martyr. He came I H was a thing he detested. It ate?8' IS man like him thetmothmirtn t IB uttermost depth e( IfS &$ Ifl eelf as agreeable as any ladv I » and beautiful ones. Ifl was easy and flowing. Ifl Now there are several vuiatLE I B art of expression, and ejSh t1 N IS art by itself. Among toesenawJiaito SSI First, of course, the ait of Ifl Second, ihe art of writing r-. I' fl third, the art -of writing pwagrhiiV." ' ! 1 IS After these come all the I f writing, essay -writing, and allthaWj' Ifl among which there is one to wHftotSa % ifl calarly to call attention, and this Ifl The art of small-talk. I Now this art Hawbury had foto ' I 1 degree of perfection. He knew I the faintest shred of AaideainiipN I M surface of email-talk, Hs never bSfefe I I the weather. He left that to bnnJ£»SJ V) 11 nere. His resources were ofa diKS 1 11 and were so skilfully managed ZtTS I I failed to leave a very agreeable imDri I I Small- talk ! Why, I' beenij II sometimes where I would hare siren iu 51 m -I writuig4ifcs Dickens (if I had it) for perfjj I I But this careless, easy, limpidsmoetb.X I pleasant, and agreeable flow of chat but gali and wormwood te the hMcM? IN She ought to be there. Why was she walS fl ' Could it bo possible that hewoaW»tS5i: 'Wt out seeing her ? ' - | < : She was soon to know. a fl l She heard him rise. She heard him-anntebi BI toe door. \ : m " Thanks, yes. Ha, ha, you're tookmd-ndli | —yes— very happy, you know. To-morrow.ishP I N Good-morning. B. And with these words he wsntoto | With pale face and staring eyes ly 1 1 back to the window. Hedid.not Bee her. Bh | back was turned. He mounted Idi hem ad I gayly cantered away. For fuUfiwffiiiiBleiabel 1 1 stood, crouched in the shadow of the windoi | '$. staring after him, with her dark sjes htming ud | glowing in the intensity of their fare, dfaendt I " turned away with a bewildered loht SSwnA I | looked the door. Then she flnnvfrnlf 8 'It spfa,buried her head in her hands, ud bant i&h; V i a convulsive passion of tears, lluertito Med I were the thoughts that came not to thstyoor I % sitricken girl &b; she lay there prostrate, tilth I ? waited long, aud hoped fondly, end all her id I . iug and all her hope had been for frig, hitk | : this that she had been praying— lor this Hulk | v; had so fondly cherished his memory, fltW | | come at last, and he had gone ; bUt-foMiU; 1 1 certainly shown nothing save an mdiffofflotl 1 1 profound as it was inexplicable. 1 1 . EtheL's excuse for not appearing at |,j tabid waa a severe headache. | j on seeing her and miniflteru to hfr ttfeoff' B j Among other things, they tried to, ty K.j tolling her'of Hawbuiy. IadylhflOTpkwMl 8- of him. She fold ah about hisfsmilyftoiiaeaii his habits, and hiwmode of life, fitoe toencwi K: vfith muoh satufeotion, that he K quiries after Mmnie, and that.toe hri H:, to introduce him to her toe n«rt time he H i Upon which he bad laughingly insirtfltijP» wq H-: the next day. All of wnioh led tody fttyP ' B to conclude that he had sera Minnie -and had fallen in love wito her. |:- ; This was the pleasing strain of | .into which the ladfos were led off If?? H| Dalrymple. When I say the ladiflftlJ'g Dalrymple . and Minnie. Blrs. Wiik«p«| H nothing, exeept oace or twice vhto ; voured to give a turn to the nT®Sju, | ; which she was signally nngnooaftfab rymple and Minnie engaged ment over the interesting subject H intentions, Minnie taking ftj of his indiffisricei.toe otoer . position that he was in love. Minn16. that she had never seen bin- -Wf |.' asserted her belief that ne oa» latter also asserted that HawbmywogMi_ . he a constant visitor, and gave MSmucWv advice as to the best mode of , On the "following day HawbHiy jg introduced to Minnie. He chatted Mb n»oiit »tyl» md lady B. M than ever confirmed in her ares gested a ride, and the suggestion was . If anything had been needed Ethel's despair it was this wednd vu" project of arido. Mrt. WilloogM? gW duoed to him ; but he took treating her with a kind of little unusual with him. The j vjjid his strong sympathy for ffls faendt tation of Mrs. Willoughby 's fowPSaiAi Willoughby, however, they went oat, and thus she was more into Hawbury's mj Ethel never made her appefirftn'. aches which she avouched were Tbey were real, and nertf , that were for more painful- her, nor did he mottonj Mid as he of course, had no oppwtonivy foldrej other hand, there was no oeoasion jbsra®; any remarks about was uliSS toeir party. When hej wre® LadylrympfoandMinnie| conversation turned always nl® gijtt alities, and the airy nothings All tois. then, wifi SSfddWft; that Hawbury, though : l- nev onoe sa v .Ethels- ; The faintest idea that she bad o.w hand, feeling now She' utterly false and completely <t»rt be d oftimly heldaloof, and kept proudly jflalouB 0, until at being there. She was near Sg®c9u?ftrdhiB voice every day, and saw his r'othing. A«di-,wa. better S tj come to her and pour L'd HrSUry7h7 , u" forth l0rBaid,. what he did, and what he liMw do Cert -inly there was not the | «noro&cb; 1 lore-makiog, or even eenti- , |>«f attitude toward Mmnie. Hi. njentr init 3Tf th© world of small-talk— a world irords tand love-inaking have but little inhere was the evident fact of his at- f'tioitf whioh were too frequent to be over- lVranidly became tbe most prominent 2l! f Winnie'e conversation. She used to ,nbject or »» hourfl about him. She alluded w hie long whiskers. She thought ftdmir?Welv " She eaid that he was "awfully tbe she told Mrs. Willoughby that " he was tJn anv of them ; and then, Kitty darling," nl0ered "its so awfully good of him not to be iSan'a saving mi ca"mg on down a mountain, like an ogre, and then «£ that he's my father, you know. 'For you know, Kitty pet, I've always longed ctfullv to see some re.illy nice person, you now Who wouldn't go and eave my life and n0. 1 Nn he doesn t seem a bit, like ' I do bop. he won't. Don't jou, Kitt, S teBt P B's so much nicer not -to propose. S BO horrid when they g© and propose. And aIi tou know, I've had so much of that sort of So, Kitty, I think he's really the nicest that lever saw, and I really think I'm be iinnio t bbe hini." fir different from these were the conversations which Mrs. Willoughby had with Ethel. She M perfectly familiar with Ethel's story. It had been confided to her long ago. She alone knew why it was that Ethel had walked untouched through crowds of admirers. The terrible story of her rescue was memorable to her for other reasons ; and the one who had taken the prominent part in that rescue could not be j without interest for her. _ "There is no nee, Kitty — no use in talking about it any more," Baid Ethel one day, after Mrs. Willoughby had been urging her to show herself. "1 cannot. I will not. He has forgotten me utterly." - „ ti perhaps he hss no idea that you are here. He has never seen you." " Ess he not been in Naples as long as we have? He must have seen me in the streets. He nw Minnie." Do yoa think it likely that he would oome to this bouse and slight you ? If he had forgotten you be would not come here." "Oh yes, he would. He comes to see Minnie. TTaVnAwa T am Tiqwa nf TTn nnan'f. nawa USaUVflBAHUi .UVS.VJ W4VWU1BVI 1 I cue stem whether I make my appearance or not. He doesn't even give me a thought. It's so long tineeW time that he has forgotten even my existence. He has been all over the world since j then, and has had a hundred adventures. I have I beeD living quietly, cherishing the remembrance of that one thing." 11 Ethel, is it not worth trying ? Go down and try him." "I cannot bear it. I cannot look at him. I lose all self-command when he is near. I should fflske a fool of myself. He would look at me with a smile of pity. Gould I endure that? No, Kitty j my weakness must never be known to I him." I "Oh, Ethel, how I wish you could try it !" " pby, just think how utterly I am forgotten. Mirk this now. He knows I was at your house, fie must remember your name. He wrote to me there, and I answered him from there. He sees you now, and your name must be associated with mine in his memory of me, if he has any. Tell ?e aoff» Kitty, has he ever mentioned me ? Has us ever asked you about me ? Has he ever made ineremotest allusion to me ?" Ethel spoke rapidly and impetuously, and as e spoke she raised herself from the sofa where aQfi turned her large, earnest P il iipflBhwftiendwitl1 anxious and eager Willoughby looked back at AooUtwead 8adneB8' and mournfully lousee," said Ethel, as she sank down again B\e . tru.e my impression is." thniMiJ r ! Bflid -r8- Willoughby, " that I wonM tafow. I fully expected that he 32!?" S®8 iD<uiry after yu- Iwa® 80 from m m, 0 nl>le character of the man, both ImbM and tl'e description of others, that risht n you were right. But you sure you 'hnf Tr I- wieh I could comfort JVU| out 1 CJMlft/it J rt „ v_ fill hft riAt ahuccU| iDy ci6&f;| not oniy i denfiv «ir-5Ue8feloaed me yu» but he evi- ith Minnie8 for'h " EOt tbat h® " enero88ed has iaiyia 0 18 not 80 » hut he certainly Whenever hT0n l his own £er avoiding me- effort 0 . . 6 ePwk8 to me there is an evident toauJ?11' and though perfectly courteous, Aon. faVee a certain disagreeable impres- 1 hiding me" CertaQ has some reason for J "Hifwfeh811 '9 pain uough," murmured Ethel. J aPnnfn1 «eV- PreveDt Jou from epeaking about I keeps von UJecr or.at leB6t a distasteful one. He toility, rr .j 8, distance by an excess of for- to intP" 8 W1" Sive you no.opportuvity whatever J me alBoagt6 ention of me. And now let f anv nil,, -0U — doe8 he ever take any notice "I reall be mado t0 iri® 1 you."8 U 1 reuieilJber hearing auy allusion (I j Hie 6cu'ce!J possible ! You and Min- j "Well have alluded to Ethel.' " I do reinemh ?ou ':aTe put it iQ that light, several <>,, 6P eariDg Minnie allude to you on Ethel dirt &8'i n- Once she wondered why 'Ethel' »nnu e ehe remarked how "And h a t enJy a Partiular view." «n£ . heard it ?» ".OfoOMw." Se a shadow of a doubt left, kkhy.and;. ® has forgotten me so ?ID08 here atrf0 'Upictciy indifferent, that he J? the verv pa8 attention to another who is Kittv 0UBe me. It is bard. IhavafU 1 ofc? Is it not bitter? How A highL 6 fchifi of him ted girl vras Ethel, and a proud one j hut at this final confirmation of her worst fears there hurst from her a sharp cry, and Bhe buried her face in her hands, and tnnnnfld wept.— Harper's Magazine. (to be committed ) 