A RACE FOR LIFE. CHAPTER IX.—(CONTWOED.) ES04TE AND THE PEEILS OF A NIOHT. He Fpvuug away, ior ho realised fully tbat hie time was incalculably precious. 'J'he Indian would shortly recover, return, and the pursuit would be commenced. Capture would be certain deoth. The medicine woman's interference would avail bim nothing, and euould she be convinced that her prisoner was endeavouring to leave her, she would not resist tbeUfefoands of the tribe. He started off like a frightened animal. The ground seemed to fly from under him, and he hardly paused for breath until the sun was high in the heavens. Then he'fojnd himself upon the banks of a swift flowing stream. It was some twenty yards wide, and appeared very deep. The water was exceedingly clear and limpid, and the white pebbles could be seen glistening upon the bottom for a long distance. He hesitated about entering it, for it was icy cold, and it seemed nearly impossible to stem the strong current. At length, however, he ventured, and resolutely plunged in. It sent a shiver through him, but he breasted it manfully, and succeeded in reaching the opposite bank. He judged it was noon, and concluded to rest awhile and dry his garments His ammunition was still dry and ready to use; but he was startled to find tbat he had lost one of his rifles. Though bound to bis back upon entering the water, one had slipped, out and fallen to the bottom without his knowledge. Hardly half on hour was spent in rest, when he hastened on again. Be travelled by the sun, keeping in a southerly direction, and carefully guarding against the tendency that persons in his situation are subjected to; that is, of journeying in a circle. Several' times- be found that he had -unconsciously changed his direction ; the utmost watchfulness was,necessary to guard against a mistake thai might be fatal. lie judged that he could not be very far from the Black Hills, end tbat he must be very -near, if not directly upon the trapping grounds of the whites. This fact nerved him with hope, and gave bim confidence in the chancel before him. As die sun bad nearly reached the horizon, he came upon the banks of another stream of considerable size. This, he saw, ran fiom the direction he wished to follow. Instead of crossing, he determined to keep along its banks. There would thus be no danger of travelling in a wrong direction, and a certainty of going south.. Hie stream had its rise in the southern part of the Black Hills, and, after flowing northward, united'with the Sweetwater, und eventually joined the turbid waters of the great Missouri. The journeying hare was comparatively easy also. Bra nfeht came upon him, nature began to •how itself. He was not only fatigued but intensely hungry, and felt he- must have food of some kind before he slept Strangely enough, he bad not come across any game, and it seemed that the country contained none. But foitune favoured him, for, all at once, he stumbled upon a large bed of commotes. This is a species of- fruit found in tbe river bottoms of this section. It so closely resembles the common radish, Loth in form and taste, that it is often mistaken for, and some have gone so far as to assert that it is really the same fruit growing wild. It,.is more healthy and nutritious, and is probably a different vegetable. Having fully satisfied the cravings of hunger, and as darkness had already commenced, he judged it prudent to look for a resting place. Bordering the stream were a number of cotton woods, and selecting one of these, he ascended it. jlie. branches were large and full, and passing out upon, one, he secured himself in a % position that be deemed no movement of bis own ,could dislodge him. His rifle rested upon tbe j.imb above bim, and his position was as'really comfortable as it was possible to malTe it. Resting thus pleasantly, it was not long beibr<S the drowsiness of sleep came over him. Although be beard tbe clear, ringing yell of the panther in the distance, be did not let it disturb his repose, but resolutely closed hie eyes,i«nd was soon in the realms of sleep. Towatds midnight he hnd a startling dream. It seemed that be was running, witlioot arms of'anykind, anil was pursued by a gigantic Indian/ who gained rapidly upon him at every sWip. He strove in an agony of. tarror to escape-,' but at • last in despair, sank to the eaith. 'A6tbesavage sprang upon him, be endeavoured to. scream, and—awoke, and found tbtat be' was falling. He clutched des-; pentte}^ at>Hie limbs, but it availed nothing, arid'gliding swiftly through the branches; be etrif»*bW*rJb.' : - " •?%fi'.diiitence was short, nnd be was not hiftt ; ;ifa* th« Jeait by the full. He found, bdWflVeiyitbat hewas inn cold sweat of fear, and quickly ascended the tree ngain. The mpOBbadrieeo, and be could distinctly disced fltywts at fi considerable distance ~&ke.; .many .other misfortunes, it was a blessing,' • oHeMd becn in tbe tree but a few moments wjienjbp jvasstaSled by hearing a twig break, aB4,gflsang doWnward, he saw. ttealthily njqvjpg' fDrward ^jmn jiis itiil, (be being of " »«n! . , ' ; tvartby, powerful savage was coming h;^^.%nt^,an3Snmtnerfield well was poytiuie for hesitation. Sfij'didfiot dpewAe was «o near the bbjecjt |>utetpl There was tbat cry of agony, the leap in the uir, aud he lay a quivering corpse beneath the tree. " God grant that there are no more!" exclaimed tbe fugitive, hastly reloading. He waited in fearful expectation o long time, but as uono others appeared, he concluded tbat this must be the only one upon tbe track. After an hour or so, ho descended to examine tbe body. He was gratified to find that it did not belong to the tribe he had loft. It was probably some solitary hunter who had accideMly come upon hie trail, and with characteristic cunning judged it to bo a white man's, and had followed it for tbe purposo of slaying bim. Summerfield found that the bullet bad entered at tbe top of the head anil passed out through tbe back; of course he was stone dead, aud sturk and stiff. Summorfield forced the fingers apart, and tooke the rifle, his powder-born, his bulletpouch, and his scalping knife. This done, he ascended the tree, determined to eitber bury the body in the morning, or CBrefully cover it with twigs and leaves. Both rifles were loaded, and carefully extending them upon two branobes overhead, he arranged his position so that he might sleep without danger of falling, and patiently waited for the gentle goddess to come. He had lain a half hour thus, and had reached tbat Ftate when ene is neither asleep nor awake, when he was startled by that long indescribable howl of the wolf! It was a long- way off, but in a moment more there was another choruB, nearer and still increased by a great number. In a short time came an answering howl from nearly tbe opposite quarter, then another from a different point, and in twenty minutes it seemed tbat the whole country was alive and swarming with them ! He supposed that a number had scented bis trail aud tbat of tbe savage, and had given these signals to the others iu the neighborhood. At any rate he know that tbey wcro uil centring towards the tree, and would be there in an unpleasantly short time. They were not the common prairie wolf, but a real mountain wolf—an onimal as much fiercer end more courageous than the former as is the boar to the common dog. At this season of the year they were nearly famished, nod would hesitate to attack nothing Tbey generally united in great numbers, and no single body could withstand their determined onslaughts. Incredible as it may seem, instances have occurred in which the grizzly hear bos been overcome by their persistent and prolonged attacks. In a few moments he saw the lank form of a large gaunt wolf, and in an incredibly short space of time tbe ground beneath the tree was alive with them. They came from every direction, and their numbers seemed exhaustless. The foremost scenting tbe body of the savage, sprang upon it and tore iu shreds in un instant. Soon there was nothing left but tbe glistening bones, and tbey still snarled and fought over these, scattering them in every diiection. Then they turned their horrid, bloody jaws up to Snmmerfield, as if to ask bim to descend. " Yes, 1 suppose yon would like to taste my precious carcase,"said be* " No doubt Indian meat has whetted your appetite somewhat, but I think rather too much of myself to mingle in your society. You must realiy excuse me." The wolves were leaping nnd plunging upward, fairly crazed by the taste of blood. Tbe moon was so bright that Summerfield could discern their movements plainly. Be saw one large fellow become wounded by tbe claw of another in the struggle. A small quantity of blood issued from the wound, and iu a twinkling he was pounced upon by a score of others, who tore hitn limb from limb. " What a pitv you wouldn't all do that! " said Sumraeraetd, as be witnessed it. As bit had two rifles and plenty of ammunition, be determined to do it for them. He fired at random. A sharp.yell told tbe result, and the snapping of jaws and growlings of bate betokened bis fate Summerfield waited a moment, un'il he judged that this bad been devoured, and then discharged the second rifle among them. All were instantly engaged in the repast over tho fallen one. Again he fired, and again the same result. Their appetites seemed insatiate. Summerfield really wondered whether the Inst wolf would not still demand food after he bad helped to eat nil the rest. Such a tiling seemed probable, indeed. * He had just loaded his own rifle and placed it above him for immediate use, when it slipped and fell to the ground. The greedy animal* immediately sprang upon it, nnd clawed it as though it were another victim. Summerfield immediately fired t« withdraw ibeir attention, lest tbey should injure it. This practice he kept up for nearly an boor, until he judged that he must have 6lain over twenty. . His powder was now getting low, and be deemed it best to preserve it for the future. Accordingly, reloading it, be placed hi6 gun above him and engaged himself in gazing down upon the strange sight below. Their actions afforded him amusement for a time but soon they began to alarm bim. Some were leaping upwards so furiously that they caught at the lowermost limbs, and there really was danger of their remaining upon them. All. at once, Summerfield saw that one had actually reached.and rested upon the limb. As quick as lightning be caught bis rifle and sent the bullet crashing through bis bead. • Tbe brute rolled to tbe ground, where, of course, be met tbe fate of his companions. Our b«ro judged it best to fire at intervals, when there was a probability of tbe wolves becoming too clamorous and furious. livery now and then he could see numbers approach ani join the main body, until nothing could lie seen but their dark, struggling bodies. ; . lAe the.cwqn, «tintemlB, *vfl8 veiled by SomonasBingoloiid, ibeirforms^farkenpd, and rirteinbled SPme. hideous denizens pf; tbelowe'r tiian before. Summerfield felt that his was certainly a strange situation. He knew not where a single human being except himself was. He was alone in the For West,- driven to a tree by a horde ot famished wolves, and in tho middle of the night was compelled to keep watch to save himself from one of tho most horrible deaths tbat could befiil him. Despite his fearful position and the terrible noises around him, be began to give way to a heavy drowsiness. lie started with terror when he found it gaining upon him, and strove to the utmost to shako it off; but, strange as it may seem, he failed. He kept moving from limb to limb, -until he seemed that bis strength was entirely gone, and then,Villi a want of foresight, concluded to seat hiuiself comfortably, aud watch tbe yelping wolves beneath him. What might be ospected followed—the result that bad nearly been fatal. In ten minutes he was sound asleep. Slowly, gradually, nnd surely, he commenced sinking. The motion increased, and still he slept. A limb brushed his face, and he awoke. He felt himself slipping, sliding, sinking, sinking, sinking, so horribly I lie screamed and clutched like a madman at the frail twigs, hut they glided like fiery serpents through his blistered hands. The wolves grew more furious and crazy." He yelled, and clinched, aud struck out like* a drowning: man. Still he sunk lower, lower, lower, and it seemed ho would never reach tho ground. Oh, tbe concentrated horror of those interminable seconds ! The agony of a lifetime may be compressed into a single moment. Summerfield folt like a writhing body on fire. But soon he passed below the limbs. There was an indescribable dizzy gliding through nir, end he 6truck directly upon the back of the wolf. At the same instant, be grave a yell—sn awful, PO agonised, that. it sounded far above tbe combined howls of the animals ! His c-udden fail and terrific scream startled, for one moment, those directly around bim, and they darted a few yards away. It was this moment of respite from a horrible death, and with a iull realisation of his appalling situation, he Epraug upward with the energy of despair. flis hands grasped tbe }ow, sweeping limbs above him. The wolves returned to their prize quickly, but their very eagerness thwarted their puvpose, for, leaping from different directions at the same moment', they came in collision, and dropped to the ground in a contorted shrieking mass. How precious was that moment! The power of Sutumerfield's muscular arms was exerted to its utmost, and he had succeeded in gaining his position on a lower limb, when one of tbe brutes by a desperate leap fastened his fangs upon the man's foot. Tbe creature did not let go its hold. Maddened at this incredible tenacity, Summerfield shook his limb desperately, and tbe wolf fell—his poisoned claws cutting to the j bane of tbe ankle, and stripping tbe mocassin from his lacerated foot! Cowering and quivering like nn aspen, ta ascended to tbe topmost limb, and clung till the morning. He drew a depp breath, and saw that the wolves were departing; one by one they took themselves away, until none were left. He waited a long time, nnd then tremblingly descended. As he stepped to the earth, tho pain of bis mangled foot caused him to drop as if shot. The nail6 of tbe wolf, from their having clawed the putrid carcasses of nnimals, had a peculiar poison tipon them. This caused his foot and ankle to swell enormously. After a few moments, however, be . was able to stnnd upon it, and limped around and picked up his rifles. His own.was twenty yards from the tree! They were both considerably scratched and disfigured, but not really injured. Taking these up, and his tattered moccasin, be dabbled with blood, he hobbled to the brook, where be sat and bathed hi6 wound in the cooling fluid. There was a painful smart at first, hut he soon found it relieved, and continued bis bathing until the swelling had considerably diminished. Then he ceased, nnd thought uson tbe best course left for bim to pursue. But one coarse remained, and tbat was to pursue his journey as rapidly as possible into the Black Hills, in whose fastnesses be could find safety, and, perchance, might meet with some adventurous trapper. Should he ho disappointed in this, however, be could pursue his way cautiously to the east, leaving it to Providence to direct his steps. With as much speed as his swollen linih would permit, bo started on bis way, first crossing the stream. Tarrying on its opposite bank for a supply of commotes, be was startled at hearing voices. He crept close into tbe heavy mass of rank grass lining tbe bank of tbe stream, and then peired cautiously out. Within a dozen yards of him he saw three Indians following his trail. He saw them leave the stream and go toward tbe tree, where lie heard them a long time in conversation. Tbeu tbey returned to tbe stream and held anotberearnest consultation, when tbey started on tbe back track! Tbey bad thus given np all bope of recapturing bim and be was safe from farther pursuit. Tbe explanation of their movement was this. They bad followed tbe trail of the fugitive with great difficulty but with unerring certainty, to Sbe point where it was loBt in tbo numerous tracks of tbe wolves. Here, tbey saw, had been some fatal occurrence very recently. Tbey observed the bones of tbe volves scattered around, and at tbe base ot the tree,. discovered the skull and some of the bones of tbe savage. This tbey supposed to be tbe remains of Summerfield, ana, of course, nothing was left for them to do but to return with that intelligencfl. •- ~ ' - ' •'•: v • • f^: ':: Thus dceply are the most direct jjrotidenoes often-veiled. Summerfield understood tbe meaning of the , rooeedings'of tbe savages, and in tho gratitude of his heart, be knelt upon the cartli and offered up bis fervont thank? to the preserving Power that was thus watching over him. With the knowledge that there was no pursuit, came a sense of conscious security, and he regarded his ultimnte escape as certain, at that moment, as though bo were in Ill's native state. For two days he pressed on slowly. Duriug tbo afternoon of tho second day, when he had penetrated fur into the depths of the hills, ha came suddenly upon the body of a savage, but recently killed. There WAS the bloody track of the bullet through tbe breast,, tbe'scalp had boon ripped off, and tbe body stripped of nearly every shred of dross. It lay flat on the back, each limb extended wide, and the insects of corruption were already ot ttieiv work. He did not like this. It proved tbat Indians were around, and compelled bim to exercise his utmost care. A canon of the mountain now opened before bim, through which flowed a stream of considerable size. Upon the banks of this, he detected infallible signs of beavers. There were numerous tracks on the shore, nnd he was confident that u dain was not far off. Examining*this bank closely, he came upon a place dug in it, and feeling carefully a few inches under the water, his hand touched the trap 1 There were whites, tbon, not far off. Thank Heaven ! He could hardly constrain bis feelings from giving vent to a sbout. He proceeded up stream to find tbem. As be walked on, he thought he heard a whistle. Following the direction indicated, ho could soon distinguish a tune—yes, it was that melody of the West, the "Arkansas Traveller." Still cautiously moving on, be cainu upon the whistler A tall, Jnnk uian, with his side toward him, with n bat resembling a beehive, and his arms folded over the muzzle of his rifle, was contentedly whistling this melody. • Suinmcrfieid gazed at bim in speechless CBtouinbineut. Those frightfully bent legs could belong to but one poison. Seth l'otte: was standing befora L'iai ! CHAPTKlt X. THE MEETING OF FRIENDS. For a time, Summei-field was at o loss how to proceed. Joy at this fortunate turn of affairs completely upset his ideas for a moment. At last he strode hastily forward, and laid his hand upon the arm of Seth. " How are you, old friend ?" said he, familiarly, his lace agioiv with pleas urn. The individual addiessed, without changing his posture, flopped whittling n second, with tbe remark— " Wait a minute. I just got to the turn nf this tune," am! proceeded deliberately to finish the " turn " oi it; then turnei himself, looked a moment in the f:ice of the person before liitn ; stopped whistling; dropped bis gun ; stepped back a pace or two; then juiaped forward. " By thunder it's him ! It's bim ! It's him !'' And catching Smninerfield's hand, be slmok and pulled and squee^i-J and twisted it, until the poor fellow writhed with pain. " For Henren's sake, Seth, don't kill me ! You have hold of my hand." Yns, sir, U'E him ! it's bim ! Whoop ! I'd like to know where, in the name of nil that's curu>, you've come from ? Why, sir, il I had'nt just squeezed your hand, I'd believe I seen n ghost." Summerfield smiled, and at last broke into a. loud laugb. " I'll be darned if it aint enough to set a fellow crazy. Why, man alive, Vic and me have been one winter here, gone back to Independence, come back here ngin, and just OE we're going to tramp agin, you come along. If that ain't funny, why, that's all." " Where's Vic and Jim ?" asked Summerfield. " Where's Jim ? He got killed at the same time as you did. You mind that great chase when we lost you 1 Wal, the Engine got so close tbey hit Jim's horse and tumbled biin over. Howsumover, that djd'nt make no difference. Jim kept on, jogging along as fast as before, I told him to jump on my animal, 'cause you know there ain' no bosses lhat I cau't outrun. Jim would'nt do it, and biineby he got a piece of lead tbut tlirowfd bim iu his tracks. That was the last of poor Jim. Jim was a good cliaf." " Wnere's Vic 1 He' alive, you say." " Yas, yns; he's up in the 'Hole.' He'll he down pretty soon. We'd better wait till he comes. Let's sit down on this stone." "Ain't there savages in this iioighborhood V asked Summerfield, as tbey seated themselves. " Yas, a few; but thev don't know we're about. Wo manage to le"p the trips close, Vic bad a tussel with one down vender, yesterday. He'd found out we're about here,"and wc seen his tracks where he'd been for two or three days nosiu' around. He's after our hair, but lost his own." " I believe I came upon bim a short time since." ". Yas; well, let's hear about your capers the last year or two; I want to know where you come from, though tbem Engin fuuns you got on shows pretty neai." Summerfield thereupon proceeded to give a short, rapid sketch nl bis experience from tbe time of his falling iijto the hands of the Indians up to tbe present moment. He was often interrupted bv Seth, who was much excited with his narration. When he had finished, Seth asked— "Ho you remember He duel, George—that feller I had such a fight with ?" " I don't think there is much danger of my ever forgetting bim." " Well, sir,lie's np among the Crow Indians. Vic seen him laBt winter with a lot. He's jined tbeu—gone with 'em, and I ca'culateas bow that's one reason why there's been so many murders 'mong the emigrants (LIB season." " The fiend 1 Do you think be has a band in it f He's had more than ft band in it—bo has bad both bands." ";Well, his, disposition is evil enough." " Heigh", there comes Vic. Wait a moment and just keep shady." SummerfieldBawtbe well-romombnrcdform 1 the hunter Bpproaching, and shrinking behind Setli, V(*ilea bis face -as much-as possible. • In ri fnpnient fieth soid in n lotid tone— ~ • : f' Oomo iiera; Vio; 5 bere'# * ft redskin I catched at our traps. I've been trying to get his topknot off, but can't manage bim. Quick, I want your help." "Just jump out the way and let me put n piece o' lead through his head. 'Twon't take me long to settle the job for him." Seth sprang uwaj', nnd the movement had ni°hJ>een fatal. Vic was in the very act of rising his rifle to his shoulder, whon Summerfield threw up bis bunds with a clear rioting laugh. To have soen tbe trapper's appearance then! His expression of comical wonder cannot be described. He stood a second, then dropped his rifle, took the cap from his heed, shaded bis eyes, and stooping slightly, peered forward in mute astonishment. * At this point, Seth commenced jumping and dancing, flung his hat upon the ground, and went to stamping it, exclaiming at intervals— " That's the first time I ever got Vic. He'll have to give in now." Vic's eyes seimed to grow lighter nnd larger each moment. He still stood in his prone position, seemingly bereft of all reason. Seth continued going up nnd down, bis legs flying in every direction, until his foot came suddenly in contact with a stono, throwing bim heels over boad. The state of affairs was becoming embarrassing to Summerfield, and, stepping forward, lie said— " Vic, don't you remember me ?" " I guess so. Is't yon, Sommefield ?" be gasped. " Why, certainly. How are you ?'' And the two grasped and shook hands as only friends can. Seth approached, spread Jiis feet far apart, placed bis hands in tlio poclccts whioh4ip had , rigged in his dress, threw his hat on the CacP of his head, and looked on. " Yon appeared not to know me," said Summerfield pleasantly. " Of course 1 knowed yer, but, bears and buffers, who thort you's him f j's sartin it's a spirit I's looking at. Wflgb, wagb, wagh !" And the trapper threw his bend back nnd laughed—laughed till the big drops tumbled down his checks. Vic, vou'ra a fool," remarked Seth, gravely. Ho paid nfe Mienthm to this, hut ceased laughing, stooped, picked up bis gun, and said— " Somefield, this yer's the greatest time this beaver ever seed." •* So I 6Ge," returned Sunimcrfield. " But it seems to me tbat wo have enjoyed this surprise long. Suppose we hunt up your lodgings nnd return." Ac they proceeded he continued— Vic, is Wandaught dead ?" " There it is! Don't you believe me ?" demanded Seth. " Well, no; I have some doubts about yonr respect for truth," replied -he, with a smile. Setli gave vent to a " Humph !" strode on, and Summerfield looked to Vic for the answer. "Yas," said be, "Jim went nnder a long time si'ii, and died haul. Did Crooked pogf tell you V " lie sni<l that he was killed in thai chase where I Jcfr vou." " How r" " First his horse was shot, and then be " Yes: Crooked IVgs told the truth Jor once. 1 guess he'll be sick for it." " Here, no personalities except on lm«iness," said Seth, turning his head half around. " Wagh ! wagb ! Just look at tbtm pegs o' bis. Did vou know, Somefield, that he nil erf ties Vm j-mjnd his neck when he gocB to sleep ? Took me and Jim—took me half a day to ontio 'em once." " Shut up ! Thunderation I " exclaimed Seth. Summerfield had taken little interest in this ladinage and raillery, but bad beon reflecting upon the death of Wandaught, " Vic," said be, " tell me the particulars of Jim's death." " Thar ain't much particlers," snid be, 4 throwing aside liis frivolity. 1 His boss got bit a little while after you left, and then be got hit, and saying pood-bye, keeled over. He wanted me to hit bis ba'r to save it from the devils, but they're comin' so all-firedly, I hadn't time. I hated to refuse Jim, 'cause Jim war a good feller, but f had to. He tumbled around hard until they come up, when tbar's some tail howlin' and screBmin over him. We had to work to git ourselves off, and kept up the run till night." Despite himself, a tear crept to Summerfield's eye at this rude narration of the death of oue who had been his friend. In his short acquaintance he had formed n strong' friendship for Wandaught, who possessed better qualities of head and heart- than are generally found among those of bis class. " It was a great loss to you," remarked be, thoughtfully. Yas, great Joss," remarked Vic. Tbcre was something in the tone in which tbis was littered tbat startled Summerfi«]d. Had he seen tbe expression upon the speaker's face, perhaps be would base been startled still more. But he did not, and continued. " I regret bis death more than it seemed I could. But, of course, there is no use regretting it. He bus been dead a long time, and I supppse both of you have come to regard it with feelings that time has softened " " Yas," replied both in that puzzling tone again. Summerfield looked up, but, RB ibey were before bim be could not see the expression upon their countenances. But at that instant, looking beyond tbem, ho observed t' hunter at some distance who was approach intr. « Who is tbat ?"' be askod, as tbe man drew nearer to bim. "A feller that jined us a few days ago," returned Vic. " Isn't that Wandaught ?" bB asked excitedly. " S'pose he's come to life, too!" said Seth with alaugh. . Summerfield watched the stranger as tbey n eared each other, nnd- was soon convinced tbat he bad not been mistaken. It was Wendnugbt, - • He said nothing, however, until they came together, when he stepped out with— " flow are you,- Jim f" The hunter hesitated a moment, but did sot, evince as much surprise as either Seth tbt Vic. - ' Jiffft;: ri/ ' ; He looked until ha was sura of tbe person, nnd then returned tbe salutation. J --V---le->••£•---.- Suinmei-field extended bis band but it woe not taken. " Why what doos lhat mean ?" he asked. " Didn't you know I never shook paws in , my life? I can't do it. But, olebeaver,3K K can tell you that Jim Wandaught is blasted glad to soo you." • -: •> At this point the questions conimencod. : ::i ' •-r Summerfield gave a short history iof bis .) principal experiences since tbey had parted,* n-.T nnd learned from Wamhtught that neither toe 1 .' " - nor his horse had been wounded in the ohase >: mentioned. • I Vio, nil tbis time stood gazing complacently * .-.:i upon thorn, giving vent now nnd then; to a i • i long guffaw, and finally burst into .a full > - laugh. Seth hail commenced whistling the", Ark-., ansus Traveller," but found gruat difficulty in , , keening bis mouth in shape. -v. i - Finally he gave up and joined Vic. ...j' >. They enjoyed the joke hugely. \- n Nearly half an hour was paeeed in laughing,, .. ,, explaining, und railing pleasantly at each.,-,,,, other. , • • -»,•«.,•„ At last affairs were adjusted,and tbey camp.,. to n sort of understanding. j ,f . It was then determined to return to tbe ,', " Hole," or their lodging-place. ' V. ^V j Tbis was certainly a 6trange plane.. *' Alter walking two or three hundred yards,' . they readied a spot where the pebbles 'dx- ' tended quite a distance irom tbe stream,, a» ' though it had once been the bed of some great . . basin. <..'.. " Now tread soft, and don't stir the gravel, said Vic, leading tbe way. , I 1 '' Wandaught followed next, walking as carefully ; nnd then came Seth, who, after touching his feat, seemed to think it necessary to make a downward bend of his knee tit each -step, throwing up each arm at the same time.' Going a few rods, an abrupt turn was made,-' ' when Vic halted before a large flat stone.' '' r -- Both he and Wandaught gazed cautiously ' ' around tbem a moment, when tbe former" 1 , stooped and lifted the stone, and disappeared' '' ; beneath it. . \- 1 5 Wandaught and Seth did the same, and Summerfield supposed tbat it was intended for • him to follow suit; so, wiihont hesitation, he ' - I raised it, and sprang down some six or'eight '' feet. 1 . • ' The stone closed over him, and be found ' - himself in inky blackness. " Where under tbe sun ate we 7" he Bsked, groping about. •! > " Djwa here," was the enlightened reply, i t "I should think—confound it!" he.exclaimed, as he pitcbod over somebody at bis > foet. He aros6, nnd was about to speak, when : u his nose enme violently in collision with one of his companions. • " Come, don't butt me that way," laughed Wandaught. " How do yon expect I em going to get around here 7 I'll knock my brains out pretty • soon," said Summerfield, feeling blindly around with his hands. Judging it bast not , •• ,to move until he understood his precise situation, he seated himself upon the earth, and , • quietly waited for one of them to produce .a \i light. In a few minutes Wandaught sod- ,- ceeded in getting some smoky substance lighted, which threw its oily rays upon- the , faces of the hunters. Summerfield gazed - about, and saw a dingy end singular looking place. It was an apartment some eight or nine tcet wido, and about a dozen feet in len«th, with an average height of eight or, , nine ii'et. Connected was this was another of about half its size. The whole was'.jit ' regularly constructed as to show that, although , Nature might have agisted, she never bad'. . . made it. " Well, if this doesn't beat all 1" said Summerfteld, in unfeigned astonishment. "Did you dig this oat yourself, Vic ?" " No, sir. This war here 'fore yon or I seed daylight;" and, being in a communicative mood, he seated himself upon a bundle of furs, and said— (To be continued.). HANS CHRISTIAN AKDEBSBN, whose n8n« - and writings are so widely known, is almost ' totally blind and partially paralysed. His death must be expected soon;. IKOOOB SAFETV IN A THOTDEIISTOBM.—IN. tropical climates, ench as onr own, ft^ve are subject to heavy thunderstorms, it may be useful to know tho safest positions that people can occupy during the raging of a thunderstorm, s > - Tbe hints have emanated from Mr Latimer. Clark, one of the first cloctricianB in Europe ,. —"A person reclining on a sofa or bed at.a, , distance from all tbe walls of the room -could. •>.. eoarcely suffer injury, even in a bouBe Btrnck by - lightning, but most absolute security in ob- > tained by lying on an iron or brasB bedstead of :, tbe form known as tbe Arabian bedstead, in , M which the head is surmounted by an iron erec-j tion supporting tbe curtains. A person lying : or sleeping on such a bedstoad could not pos: . sibly recoivo any direct injury, even if thi. ! ;j houso were demolished, as bis bedstead forms ' tbe most complete lightning protector whicb^1 could well bo aevisod A wooden bedstead .- placed against tho wall does not afford any" | special security.. It may further console somp ". to know that after seeing the flash tbe danger';'! is ipast, tbe^crash of' the tbundcr, however terrific it way appear, being perfectly liari^- ; ' lees." I CATTLE STEALING ExTnAoamNAny.— it for somo considerable time past (lays the^, Eancmmood Miner) a gang oficattie-stealers, J "have been preying upon. the neighbouring ,^ squatters, tbe lessees pf Gilgunyab, Cardigan, , and Glenel! etotioiw. being, we bdieye, ttf'.t prinoipal sufferers ji.but,,owing to.tbe 'jdpo£.'., and watcb fu In ess of tbe two tormer, we ar^' ^ glad to bear tbat tbe. thieves bavejbeen.jcau^btlj at last, «nd tbat there is.a fair .cbanpe^ district being iid fit them; It *ppeaiy tlpt'.j, Mr Curr, of.Gilgunyab, had reason to sufepeoi ;J a certain Hamilton,-and *?me others, and tbat: ^ he and Mr Curr, of Cardigan, kept a strict and, f} at it proved, a successful watch. for them. The cattle-stealers were nt last seen (iriving a mob away, were watched as they yrirded tbem at night by the gentlemen already named, 1 , who concealed (themselves fieiir^Jhe'yerd/an'd waited until morning. Whon tbe work of.', shooting down the bullocks began in: tbe * morning, tbe twp'fotUt^- into.3ba 'jarf caught the robbers iredj-handod. One of tljeso . ' 1 . rushed into the bouse and caught np\a re- . i vnlver, but before be could nee it, Mi Karma- » duke Curr, who actod liken brave determined t-. man throughout, bad bim cohered 'with bis ' revolver, and ordered the man * to drop bU 'i weapon. en pain of boing instantly ehbt, , assistantwas also secured aftereomefltnigglo.. Too much credit cannot be given to the • • Messrs Curr for bavinp suocessfuuy discovered. nnd banded over to .justjoe ihe perfionfe trlip have been ^carrying on the guilty trade eo. ' long, and tbey deserve tho thanks not onl of the squattore nf the djstriet for ^vjn^noj who miglifliavirbocn 