DISTRICT COUNCILS. PORTLAND ESTATE, JANUARY 20. Present — Messrs. King, Cottrell, Hayne, Weman. Chairman reported result of interview on Saturday with President of Marine Board as to the supply of silt. Council to meet to-morrow to inspect Tam o'Shanter Creek, and choose site for landing-place for silt, and Messrs. King and Hayne to be a deputation to wait on the proprietors relative thereto. THE REV. D. BADGER.—This minister, who has as an Evangelist in connection with the Baptist Association been for a time stationed at Mount Gambier, has now left that place to take charge of the Baptist Church at Saddleworth, and periodically preach on some of the Northern Agricultural Areas. He while driving overland with his family from Gambierton met with an accident to his vehicle somewhere near Robe, and also lost by death his youngest child while on the way. These two events have much delayed him on the journey to his new sphere of labour. A SMART ROBBER.—"Alticus" of the Age, remarked lately—"French thieves are said to be lively, witty fellows, but their British brethren are dull dogs, without the slightest capacity for appreciating a joke. The artist who the other day appropriated the contents of a till from a shop in Carlton was an exception to the rule. A little girl saw the robbery, and offered a decided objection. ' Oh, please Sir,' she said, ' don't take the money, for I'm the servant, and I shall lose my place.' ' I'm very sorry,' retorted the purloiner, 'but my dear child, tell your master that I have a heavy bill to meet next Tuesday.' It was rough upon a man with such ready wit to be caught almost in the act and to be sent to gaol for six months by an un- sympathising Magistrate." RECHABITISM.—No 42 Tent of the S. A. District of Rechabites was opened in Border Town recently by P.C.R. A. Lebban of 30 Tent, assisted by Brother Mathison of Penola, Brother Holmes of Narracoorte, and the Rev. D. Milne of Kingston. Thirteen candidates were initiated, and six are to be admitted at the next meeting. The officers elected were :— P.C.R., A. Mathison; C.R., T. Hunt; D.R., J. Urin; Secretary, C. Bartlett; W.S., T. Butcher; M.S., S. Bishop ; Levite, R. McKenzie; Guardian, J. Brewer; Treasurer, C. Wilson. Receipts, £21 13s. 4d. FUSE- MAKING.—The local paper reports:— "We understand that it is probable the erection of a new fuse factory will be commenced at Wallaroo at an early date. This, as we have before intimated, was the intention if the experiment was found to answer on the mines, which it assuredly has done. We are informed that there will be an engine at the new factory of six-horse power. So excellent has been the fuse manufactured by Mr. Phillips that the miners would be dissatisfied if obliged to use any other, and it is in extensive demand in the neighbouring colonies, where specimens have been exhibited. The idea of having the factory at Wallaroo is of course because of the convenience thereby afforded for receiving the raw materialand shipping the manufactured article." GRASSHOPPERS.—Mr. W. Valpied informs the Standard, of Mount Gambier, that ou his place, near the Six-Mile Inn, the grasshoppers are swarming in myriads. They hava stripped the garden of vegetables, eating cabbages, onions, potatoes, and turnips to the ground. He also brought the paper named some peach stones from which the fruit had been eaten by the grasshoppers, leaving the stones clean and bare. Nothing in the garden had escaped their ravages except damsons, which did not appear to suit the palate of these otherwise omnivorous pests. Mr. Atkin, of Torrensdale, also reports that in his neighbourhood, and especially in the gardens, "every green thing" is being devoured by armies of the intruders. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES AND THE GOVRRNMKNT. —During the proceedings at a complimentary dinner to Dr. Brack in Kapunda on Friday evening, elsewhere reported, Mr. J. Pearce, M.P., while speaking of benefit Societies remarked, that seeing of how large a burden they relieved the State, it was only reasonable for them expect assistance from the Government. He suggested that some action might be taken to bring the matter before the Legislature. Upon the speaker being then asked by Mr. J. Scandrett whether he would pledge himself to bring the matter forward in the Assembly, asking the Government to subsidize the funds raised for the erection of a Friendly Societies Hall, Mr. Pearce said he would give no pledges, but he threw out the hint for others to act upon, and would not be found wanting in assistance. He thought the friendly Societies had quite as much claim on the Executive as the Institutes which were now subsidized. He would, he added, gladly help any one who brought the subject before the Legislature, and if no other penson introduced it be might do it himself. THE SEMAPHORE OMNIBUSES.—The increase in the traffic to and from the Semaphore has resulted in a corresponding increase in the means of locomotion; but although the proprietor of the direct line of coaches has made a large provision there are occasions when the vehicles are not sufficient for the requirements. Upon Saturday, on account of the addition to the usual number of visitors, omnibuses were crowded, and then unable to take all the passengers that offered. The line recently established by the railway authorities was in a similar fix, and more accommodation must be found if the traffic is likely to progress as it has done. FIRE IN THE MOUNT LOFTY RANGES.—On Friday night, January 24, the bush fire which bas been raging for two or three days past near Mount Lofty, appeared on the Adelaide side of the range, and during the next day swept down the hill side, causing consternation amongst the people occupying cottages in the gullies. Application was made to Mr. A. J. Baker to aid in extinguishing the fire, which sent out before it innumerable pioneers in the shape of charred straws and leaves, many of them being carried into and even beyond the village of Beaumont. Mr. Baker rode out to the scene of the conflagration and rendered what service was in his power, chiefly in tbe way of directing the labours of the 30 or 40 willing men assembled on the ground. So far as we have heard no damage to house property has been caused by the fire. On Saturday evening the whole summit and a large area on the slope of the ranges were brightly illuminated, the blazing trees and stumps looking like the lights of a great city. The heavy showers of rain which fell on Sunday afternoon if they did not absolutely put out the fire greatly checked its progress and diminished the risk connected with it. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES.—In accordance with the recommendation of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the Church of England has commenced to hold thanksgiving services. On Thursday, 23rd January, the first of the series took place at St. Mary's, South-road, and the second was on Sunday at Christchurch, North Adelaide. Next Sunday there will be a special service at St. Paul's, Adelaide, for which the building will be decorated. The collect and prayer appointed by the Bishop are as follows:— "O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up, the harvest of the field to perish, and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy hast given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season, give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also to remember that 'Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' Thou hast sent Thine own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever, who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost one God, world without end. Amen." "O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious name, beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light ef the Sun of Righteousness, and the dew of Thy heavenly blessing; and so plant us here in the house of the Lord that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God ; through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen." CORONER'S INQUEST.—The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. J. Formby) held an inquest at the Local Court-House on Saturday morning, on the body of James Sanders, the lad who was killed the previous afternoon through being crushed between the buffers of some goods trucks at the Port Terminus. It was shown that the youth, who was 15 years old, and had been for a short time in the employ of Messrs. Letchford, Mills, & Co., was sent to ticket some trucks. As he stepped off the end of the platform the hat of a man engaged in a stationary truck was blown off; on its falling near the lad he picked it up, and threw it towards the loser, but it fell on the rails between two trucks a yard or two apart. Other trucks were on tbe line being weighed, and at the moment of the deceased slipping between the trucks, the shunter who was on the opposite side called out "look out," and moved the trucks onward. Samuel Bridgman, who was on the platform, seeing the dangerous position of the boy called to him, and the man to whom the hat belonged told the youth not to go between the trucks, but almost before the cautions could be heard the boy was caught between the buffers. The trucks immediately rebounded, and the deceased, who walked a few steps, was caught by Bridgman. H. McArthur, who had been weighing the trucks, came out of the weighhouse, and carried the lad to the back of the shed, whilst another man who ran for a surgeon returned in a few minutes with Dr. Gething. The youth was then laid down on some tarpaulins. The medical man at once saw that he was hopelessly hurt, as although conscious he was pulseless. Dr. Gething however remained for about an hour till the boy died. The deceased was brother-in-law to Nicholas Johns, one of the porters on the passenger platform, with whom he resided, and was a stepson of Mr. S. Jeffrey, of Echunga. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the occurrence was purely accidental. WHITE'S ROOM.—Professor Haselmayer on Saturday night introduced fresh novelties in his sleight-of-hand tricks, and evoked unusual demonstrations of applause. He apparently burnt borrowed notes for £5 and £1, but eventually restored them; read sentences blindfold professedly by the touch, and recovered a lost bank-note belonging to a spectator, taking it from the centre of one of the candles on the platform. His hat trick was a marvellous performance. The Professor drew out shavings sufficient to fill a couple of large clothes baskets, a great number of neatly-prepared buttonhole bouquets, many articles of clothing, and ten Chinese lanterns all alight, each one bearing a letter of his own name, as well as a variety of other things. The trick of the three charmed bullets was clever, and the naive manner in which, after one of the audience had charged a pistol with a full supply of gunpowder and three leaden balls, the Professor invited any gentleman to "let the shoot go at" him provoked loud laughter. As no one responded to the invitation a looker-on was requested to fire at the Professor himself, who received the charge and showed the pellets in his hand. Mr. Haselmaycr performs his feats with astonishing dexterity, and his entertainment is entirely fiee from the slightest tinge of vulgarity ; so that any person with a taste for this decription of amusement may go to see it without hesitation. He is musical too, as the brilliant manner in which he played a waltz and a galop on the awkward-looking " stylocarfe" fully proves. It was announced on Saturday that tbere would be further changes of programme this week. 