SUMMARY OF NEWS, On the 14th of last month at Murrumbidgerie, near Dubbo, N.S.W., a half-caste named David Peekham entered the residence of a half-caste married woman named Mary Ann Gill, and de- liberately shot her with a double- barrelled gun. The bullet entered the right side, struck the angle of the rib, and broke the bone. This turned the direction of the ball, which passed out on the left side, thus preventing the wound being mortal. Under medical care the woman is recovering, The only motive kuown for the crime is unrequited affection. What is that which the rich man wants, the poor man has, the miser spends, and the spend- thrift saves ? Nothing. Mr. G. R. McMinn has been appointed senior surveyor in the Northern Territory, vice Mr. McLachlan, deceased. A bazaar in Adelaide recently in aid of the St. Mary's Dominician convent raised £650. Under the heading of "Diamond Cut Dia- mond," a curious story is told in the "Editor's Note-book" of the Taranaki News :—"After Sir George Grey and General Cameron had quarrelled Sir George Grey often obtained in- formation about what was going on in General Cameron's house through one of his officials, members of whose family were often on a visit to General Cameron's niece. Governor Grey shrewdly concluded that the channel of commu- nication worked both ways, so he drafted a despatch to the Colonial Secretary of State, making, in strong terms, various charges against General Cameron, which he gave to the official to copy. When it was done, Sir George said, 'You needn't wait ; I will look through it directly and put it in the mail bag.' The official was no sooner gone than the despatch went be- hind the fire ; and the home authorities received from General Cameron a long despatch denying charges that Sir George Grey had preferred against him. The Home Government informed the General that no such charges had been made against him by the Governor; and as he was unable to name the source of his information he only damaged himself by defending himself against imaginary charges. We may be certain that Sir George Grey so chose them as to have the full effect on General Cameron of the French proverb, that 'who excuses himself accuses himself.'" The four amalgamated Companies that suffered by the recent accident in Port Darwin harbor have lost no time in repairing the loss, for they have purchased a new portable engine and machinery in place of that which is sunk, and the whole will be forwarded to the Northern Territory by the Omeo. A telegram in reply to the Sydney Governor's despatch has been received from Earl Kimberley, which states that the Imporial Government are unable to extend the Gallo service. Arrange- ments have been made by New South Wales for a temporary service via California. Steamers are to leave Sydney and California in January, under engagement to deliver the mail within 48 days. Some accounts have recently been published respecting the treatment the natives receive at the hands of squatters and stockmen in the back country of Queensland. From these it would appear that they are treated very much as slaves—first caught, then made to work or thrashed, thrashed if caught after attempting to escape, and shot at after but very little provoca- tion. Information that has reached us many times and in various ways was very pronounced that the treatment we have just described is very mild compared with that which some natives have to endure at the hands of squatters and their men on some outside stations.—Wal- laroo Times. A telegram, dated 12th June, from Barrow Creek has been received from Mr. Alfred Giles, who is travelling to Port Darwin with stock, and has arrived at that stage of his journey with his party all well. He was delayed several weeks in one spot for want of water ahead, but rain falling he was able to push on, and is now past the latitude in which he is ever likely to be hindered by a want of surface water for his animals.—Advertiser. On Monday week, the 16th June, the Pope completed the twenty-seventh, and entered upon the twenty-eighth year of his Pontificate. On Monday night Mrs. Crossman, of Tothill's Creek, was found drowned in a large waterhole about 300 yards from her house. On Friday night a fire occurred on the pre- mises of Mr. King, draper, Bridge- street, Ballarat, and did considerable damage. The property was insured for £2,000. A telegram from Sydney states that on Friday morning the schooner Prompt struck on the Sow and Pigs in the harbor, but was towed off. Commodore Stirllng has no official informa- tion that Captain Moresby took possession of New Guinea, and says if he has done so it was on his own responsibility. It is intended in New South Wales to raise the price of coals, but the rise is only likely to be temporary, as several new mines are about to be opened. The present session of the Tasmanian Parlia- ment has commenced stormy, and promises to remain so. The Government of Tasmania have introduced a motion for the abolition of Port Arthur as a port. The ship Caranjah has arrived at Hobart Town from London with railway navvies. The next sugar crop in Mauritius is expected to yield 155,000 tons. In the Hippodrome contest between the two circuses £100 a side, in Adelaide, on Friday last, the National Main won the greatest number of events, namely 6 out of 7. A largely attended meeting of District Chair- men was held on Thursday, in Adelaide, to discuss the suggested amendments in the Road Act, as prepared by a Committee of the District Chairmen's Association, The proposed amend- ments, were agreed to with one or two verbal alterations. The Victorian Steam Navigation Board en- quiry as to the loss of a seamen from the ship Norfolk resulted, in the Board finding that no blame was attachable to any one. At Dunedin recently a man was fined 10s, for "making facial distortions" at a Police Inspec- tor. Mr. Durlou," well known as Secretary to seve- ral Friendly Societies in Adelaide, has been expelled from the A.O.F. by the District Meet- ing after an investigation of charges of embezzle- ment ; and on the evening of the same day was refused admission to the Court with which he had been connected. The Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser states that the yearly amount paid in wages by the "Moonta Company is, in round numbers, £140,000, Initiatory (sic) steps have been taken in connection with the A.O.F, to form districts with a High Court in the metropolis, similarly to the recent form adopted by the M.U. Oddfollows, An accident of an alarming and highly sen- sational character occurred to the down train to Kapunda on Friday evening, June 20. It had proceeded about three miles beyond Srolthfield, and was getting speed up, when the tire of the drivingwheel broke and throw the engine off tho line. The engine ploughed its way along the ground for about 80 yards, until the cowcatcher and wheels being embedded, it was brought to a standstill. The tender was considerably damaged, but fortunately the iron plating of the engine was of sufficient strength to resist its breaking upon it, and .most probably killing the engineer and fireman. Several carriages were injured and some of the passengers jolted off their scats, but no further damage was done, After some time an engine was sent from Dry Creek to assist the iniured train, and it arrived at its destination two hours behind time. The Wentworth Estate at Paramatta, New South Wales, recently sold, realized from £200, to £528 per acre. An Adelaide correspondent informs, the Southern Argus that a protest has been sent home by the outgoing mall against Lieut. J. J. D. Jennings, R.N., holding the appointment as head of the Grand Lodge of Good Templars in South Australia on various grounds. Writing on the subject of "Maori super- stition, "the Auckland Star mentions that "it was rumoured shortly after the first report of the murder of Sullivan, that it was in conse- quence of a lizard having made its way into the stomach of the murderer; and it was alleged that this rather awkward circumstance imposed a necessity upon the man, as inevitable as destiny, that hs should commit murder. There appears to be a basis in Maori usuages on which the rumour was founded, but none of the kind stated. We have it on the authority of one for many years intimately acquainted with Maori law and custom, that the swallowing of the lizard is a voluntary act, and intended to pro- duce that courage which will dare anything. That a lizard should voluntary go down the throat of the Maori would argue great want of consideration on the part of a lizard, and great carelessness on the part of the Maori, in sleeping with his door open, and with vermin about. But it has been a frequent incident in Maori history that a great warrior has induced a green lizard, the kakar- kiki, to crawl down his throat through the simple operation of pinching its tail." The purpose served was twofold. Not only was it believed that the reptile, for which a Maori has the utmost repugnance, believing it to con- tain the ghost of his grandfather, inspired the warrior with fierce and dauntless daring and implacable cruelty, but an equally important purpose was served In the moral influence exerted on the followers of a chieftain who had performed the revolting act. Not only was it accepted as a sign that the man meant to enter on some terrible career, but it was believed that a man deliberately opening his mouth aud putting a lizard into his inside was capable of stopping at nothing ; in which latter idea most pakenas will agree. It is known that the chief, Turain, swallowed a lizard before entering on his career of massacre, and Hori Tupaia, who at Kuti Koti swallowed. ieven two lizards to nerve him for action, is believed to be the last that has practised the disgusting rite. That Sullivan's murderer swallowed a lizard is considered to be exceedingly unlikely, but if he did, it would have, according to Maori lore, imposod no necessity whatever upon him to commit murder, but would have been done for the purpose of nerving himself to the daring deed, and of confirming the faith of his follow- ers." 