GENERAL EXTRACTS. A PEACEMAKER Mr. Robert Charlton, a distinguished member of the Society of Friends, died yesterday at his residence, Ashley Down, Bristol. Mr. Charlton, it will probably be remembered, was one of the deputation of three members of the Society of Friends who proceeded from this country to Russia to endeavour to dissuade the Emperor from prosecuting the Crimean War He was a gentleman of large property, a very great portion of the income derived from which he devoted to benevolent purposes. He was the son of an old Bristol merchant, Mr. Thomas Charlton, who carried on business as a sugar refiner. The deceased was a prominent member of the Peace Society ; he took a conspicuous part in the operations of the Anti- Slavery Society was one of the for the advocates of the to in ported movement in the west of England, and was strongly in favour of the adoption of the Permissive Liquor Bill. The deceased was aged 64. THE SCOTCH MARRIAGE LAW. Lord Gifford lines for the last fortnight been engaged in the trial of a cause which illustrates the peculiar features of the marriage law of Scotland. The heir (since dead) of one of our oldest baronet cross, and to a splendid Highland estate, fall in love with the daughter of an Edinburgh fishing tackle maker; and one evening at supper, in her father's house, in presence of the assembled family, offered marriage to her. He was accepted, and the parties declared themselves husband and wife there and then. The law requires no formal ceremony for the completion of a marriage, holding it sufficient that the parties did, with a matrimonial purpose, inter- change their consent. Marriage is thus allowed to be proved precisely as other contracts may be proved. The real question in dispute is, whether there was a matrimonial purpose in what passed between the parties, and whether the subsequent cohabitation was matrimonial. A son was the issue of the alleged marriage ; but the case has lost much of its interest through the boy's death ; the money stake being very much reduced, and nearly all the poetry taken out of the case in consequence of that untimely ovens Law Magazine. [The Court subsequently held the marriage valid.] A GHOST IN HIMSELF.-" The poor Khedive Will ! he is fortunately the rich Khedive. For assuredly no monarch in Europe does as the Egyptian Pasha does. There is almost every week in the " season for the Nile " a quiet little note, that the Prince of Vaurien or Herzog, of Hohonmuth or Serene Highness of Saxo Steam wagon, or the Earl of Carbonate, has arrived in Alexandria and has been received by the Viceroy. We little think what that means. Nor do we know what it means when we are made aware that our friend the eminent engineer or mechanic, or litterateur, whom every one is acquainted with, has been " received " by the Viceroy. The guest of the Viceroy is still treated very much as Joseph was when he was in favour with Pharaoh-with all the difference in his favour of the civilisation which has placed such immense barriers between the enjoyments and the means of the rich and poor. * On arriving at Alexandria it Government official comes off and takes possession of the guest, who, from that time till he leaves, is no longer his own property, except as far as he wishes to use himself for his own pleasures. His baggage is cleared to a hotel ; he is taken off in a Government boat to a private wharf, where a carriage is waiting to take him to his quarters, and where he is received by a host of officials, who usher him to his rooms and consult his wishes every hour. He pays nothing when he leaves. A special train takes him from Alexandria to Cairo. Then more ' carriages convey him and his to his places, where there is a suite of European servants to wait on him, and of Turkish pipe-bearers to attend to his smoking, carriages and runners, every comfort and continual feasting, for which the Viceroy pays £5 ahead per day. "Have you any friends ?" "Pray ask them to dine." " You are in Egypt." In no other country could you venture to feed a man at the expense of your host. When you want to go anywhere there are special trains and steamers. A statistician might make up a pretty sum. And now we have Sir Bartle Frere and all his party added to the incidents of the year, and there are several Nile months to come. Army and Navy Gazette. THE LATE SIR DONALD McLEOD-The numerous friends of Sir Donald M'Leod, late Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjaub, will be grieved to hear of the painful accident that has happened to him, and which, we regret to add, has terminated fatally. In stepping into a railway carriage at the Gloucester-road Station on Thursday, about 5 o'clock, his foot slipped, and he fell between the platform and the carriage, thereby sustaining very serious injuries. He was at once conveyed to St. George's Hospital, where he received every possible attention. The case, he we vor, was hopeless, and he calmly, peacefully, and painlessly breathed his last a little before 10 p.m. He was in the 63rd year of his age. He was a son of the late General M'Leod, of the Bengal Engineers, and a grandson of a Scottish laird-Donald M'Leod, of Gearies, Ross-shire. He was born in 1810 and, after receiving his education at Edinburgh and at Haileybury College, entered the Bengal Civil Service in 1828. Having held a variety of inferior posts, he became in 1843 Magistrate and Collector at Benares, and was appointed Financial Commissioner of the Punjaub in 1854. He was at Lahore during the greater part of the Indian Mutiny, and held the Lieutenant Governorship of the Punjaub from 1865 down to 1870\. Sir Donald, who was Deputy-Chairman of the Scinde, Punjaub, and Delhi Railway, was nominated a Companion of the Order of the Bath (Civil Division) in 1860, and a Knight of the Order of the Star of India on the reconstruction of the order in 1866. Sir Donald M'Leod was married to a daughter of that eminent member of the Indian Civil Service, Sir Robert Montgomery. STREET RAILWAY IN NEW YORK. Gilbert's elevated railway is to be a belt road running along the east and west sides of the city, and completely round it. The tracks are to rest on iron arches, tastefully ornamented, and will be elevated 24ft. above the centre of the street. The sides of each track are to be enclosed in a trough, or half section of a tube, which will obstruct the view of the engine and cars from horses in the street. Between the two tracks, in the triangular space formed by the junction of the semi-circular troughs, is to be a pneumatic tube for the transmission of packages, newspapers, and mails. The projectors of this scheme assure the public that within five weeks from the time the Commissioners make their report fixing the line of the road, they will commence work, and that from that time forward they will construct at least one mile per month until the whole is completed. They say they shall find no difficulty in raising all the capital they need for the enterprise, without going out of New York city and Westchester county. The estimated cost of the work is 700 600dol. per mile, and when completed in the manner proposed, it is claimed that the difficult and long-delayed problem of quick transit in New York will be solved to the satisfaction and delight of the public; that the structure will not only afford a comfortable, safe, and speedy transit from one end of the city to the other, but that it will be an ornament to the streets through which it passes, and will be the pride and boast of the people living along its line. NEW YORK FANCY GOODS The New York Bulletin states that all former seasons are thrown into the shade by the demand now prevailing in that city for costly and artistic fancy goods : " Certain lines of goods, such as bronze toilet sets and carved ivory, which have never been imported before, for fear that no purchasers would be found, have this year been brought over to a great extent, and have met with a ready sale. In fact, the most costly goods sell the best. One of the latest novelties are the Coromandel goods, which have been quite popular in London for some time, but have just been introduced in this market. This wood is obtained on the coast of Africa, and taken to London to be manufactured. It is very dark, very solid and heavy, and takes a fine polish. The desks, work-boxes, glove and handkerchief boxes made of this material, find ready sale, notwithstanding their cost. Most of the leather goods this year have been imported from Vienna, the Paris market having become too expensive, owing to the recent strikes of the French workmen. There have lately been introduced some very handsome goods made of alligator skin. This material compares very successfully with Russia leather, and is in many instances preferred. The goods are very expensive, a small travelling bag costing from $40 to $50. The stock on hand is by no means equal to the demand from the fact that the importers were doubtful as to how they would be received. Large orders have been forwarded, however, and before long the market will be well supplied. There is at present a larger stock of fancy goods in the city than there ever was before, but the sales, so far, have been good, and it is expected that between now and the end of the year the bulk of the goods will be disposed of. The importation of fancy goods in the week ending October 11th, amounted to $37.353, and since the first of the year has reached $1,412,171." MOUNTAIN RAILROAD The Western Division of the Colorado Central Railroad (narrow gauge has been completed from Goltlou, a distance of 16 miles, to a point within three miles of Black Hawk. It is now open for business. In some respects this railroad is the most remarkable that has ever been used for passenger transportation. The line follows the canon of Clear Creek, which is extremely narrow in some cases contracted to a width of 40ft. It has precipitous sides, from 30ft. to 1,000ft. in height. Through this canon the railroad finds its way, following closely the side of the stream, but built upon rock foundation and beyond the reach of high water. The descent of the creek for 16 miles is 100ft. per mile, but it is extremely irregular, in many places moving along with very slow velocity, and at other points plunging over falls from 15ft. to 20ft in height. The steepest grade used is 175ft. per mile, and the shortest curve is 190ft. radius. All the cars used are fitted with one loose wheel on each axle, by which expedient the friction of the curvature is eliminated, and the locomotives are enabled to draw trains with ouse which it would be found impossible to move if the cars were supplied with wheels of the ordinary construction. The average speed on the road is eight miles per hour. The operation of P road with those peculiar characteristics being in some degree an experiment, the speed has been reduced to a limit which is perfectly safe. It is anticipated that a higher speed may hereafter be used with entire safety. During the construction of this road many doubts were expressed as to the practicability of its operation, but the large amount of business which is now being transacted over it, and the freedom from accident which has attended its operation, has rendered it a matter of certainty that, with proper care, roads of this character, and often with grades exceeding 200ft. to the mile, may be advantageously used. Omaha Herald. 