HARVEST MEN WANTED. A SERMON. BY C. H. SPURGEON. "Then s[?]ith He unto His disciples. The harvest truly Him twfiiva disciDlea He cave them power amlnst an 2lSSrit.?to2Jftte» out f nd toh«I ain,na«ner£f sickness *nd aU manner of disease."—Matthew Ix. 57, Thb circumstances under which our Lord nttored thete words aro instructive. He saw the people throngine Him whenever He ■tood up to preaoh. and He perceived that the regular instructors of the people, tho*e who thought that they were commissioned to teaoh the nation, were many of them leading them into error, and the rest were either shamefully neg lecting their duty, or were performing it with out-heart, xeal, or even sincerity. The poor people fainted, and were scattered abroad like ■beep without a shepherd, harassed by divera fears and east down by many anxieties. Ido not think that the circumstances under which our Lord spike the*e words have passed away, but rather that we are li»ine under precisely the same conditions. I would not willingly be guilty of uncbaritablenesa, and I bless God that there are many left in our land who are preaching the gospel in all its purity, and with great earnestness; but still it is lamentably true that those who profess to be the only authorised teachers are, a very great number of them, leading the people into spiritual bondage by reviving the old popwh and pagan rite*; and those who do preach a measure of truth, too often do not preach it boldly nor simply as they should, neither is there enough of Ife and earnest concern for the souls of men among them. How many even of our own churches, Where we think the truth is held, have their pulpits so ill-occopied that they might almost M well be emptj as filled as they are. for there is a manifest want of zeal, love, and spiritual power, while the clear testimony concerning Jesus ia sadly lacking. At this time the people of many towns and villages are ehepherdless •heep, for whose souls no man careth; they are fainting and "eady to dip, and no man layeth it to heart. If the circumstances be the lame, and he would be a bold man who should dare to dispute it, then the text urgently demands our prayerful attention. Our Saviour looked upon the people among whom He moved in a manner worthy of our imitation. He was a -nan of great freling, He WM "moved with compassion," as the Greek word has it; " Hi» bowels yearned." His sym pathies were awakened ; He could not look upon a ma« of men wirh an indifferent counte nance, His inmost soul was stirred ; but at the tine time He was no mere enthusiast, He was as calmly practical as if He had been a cool calculator. If He sighed, He did something more than sigh ; He proceeded to aid those He pitied. He had practical compassion on the crowd, and therefore He turne to His disciples ■nd said, " Pray ye the Lord of the harvest, that He will send forth laborers into His harvest." He did not go about among the masses with an undiacerning admiration of them; I do not hear Him praising them as *♦ the finest peasantry," or " the sinew of the nation," as some will do; but neither do we see in Him any trace of averaion to them, as though He felt out of place in their sooiety. He was often saddened by their follies, and grieved by their sins, but He never loathed them or spoke contenv tuously of them. The Common people heard Him gladly, because they aaw that He had sympathy with them. Though in character grandly aristocratic, He was in manner and life profoundly democratic; He WM a King, and yet " one chosen out of the nle," who loved them with all His heart. It Bar also tha**Ho never grew discouraged in laboring for their good; you never hear Him lay that it is useless to preach to the multitude; that they are too degraded, too priest-ridden, or too ignorant. Vo discouragement ever damped His ardor; He persevered till His work was done. A brave, glorious heart was that of Jesus, always melted to renderness, but, at the sime time, always practical; never influ enced either by admiration, or aversion, or dis couragement, so as to oease from practical methods of betteriug the condition of the people among whom He dwelt. Take note, therefore, Chat we are aboat o speak upon a practical matter, and I trust it may become so this morning, that many rn»y be influenced to pray according to the bidding of their Lord, and that the sincerity of their prayers may be "proved by their subsequent endeavors to obtain their petitions. At the outset, this morning, we shall see how oar Lord states the case, —"The harvest is plenteoust" secondly, that He indicates the amice needed—more " laborers" were required to gather in the hirveat; thirdly, that He directs us how to obtain the supply of laborers, — by prayer; and, fourthly, He answer! their nrayers in a remarkable manner. L First, our Lord atates the case of men of His time and ours. The people who gathered around Htm He likens to harvest fields: Wherein lay the airailaritv t First, He thought of the great multitudes. The thought of multitude rises naturally from the sight of a harvest Grid and when the crop is plenteous the idea of multitude forces itself upon you at once. You cannot count the ears of corn, neither «,iU you be able 'o count the aons of men. I suppose our Saviour alluded first of all to the crowd* around Himself, but Hit mind being much more eap*cious than ours, He remembered all the thousands of Is rael j nay, methinks He could not have restricted His heart to the littla country of Israel; He glanced across the seas end beyond the moun tains to themyrinda of manki d swarming upon this globe. Brethreu, it crushe* one to think of the millions of our species. Nobody yet ha*s been able to obtain an idea of the vast extent of this one city of London. You shall traverse it from end to end as long as you will, and you shall study its statistics, but you have no oonoeption what the population of London is, and you never will have, —the mass is too great. But what is London compared with our nation, and with the millions that speak our mother tongue all over the world P Yet even these are but a small portion of the innumerable host. We never shall be able to obtain even a fringe of a conception of China with its teeming millions, or of that other populous nation which owns our sceptre, Hindostan. Multitudes are in the valley of existence, as the drops from the raineloud and as the leaves upon the forest trees; such are the sons of men. You might at well tell the stars to the heavens or the waves of the sea as hope to reckon the myriads which nave sprung from the loins of Adam. All these most be reaped and gathered into the gospel garner, or they must perish; ail these must nave laborers sent of God to gather them in, or they will mire a blissful immortality. Well did Our Saviour compare the myriads of tbe sons of Ben with the multitude of the ears of oem in the harvest field. Our Tiord intended to set forth a second idea, which dwelt, perhaps, sttll more prominently in bis mind, and it was that of value. He did not ■peak of blades of grata, mark you, in kit com parison, but of ears of corn; be did not talk of tares at he did ia other parables; he did not ■peak of loose pebbles by the sea ooast, or worthless gr.ins of aaud, but he compared the multitude to wheat; and what is there mote precious than corn ? Js it not to us most valu able, because it is the sustenance of our life P Do we not for this cause gather it in with shoutings P Harvest-home is always gladsome, because we prize its sheaves. Much toil and •are have been spent to secure the production of the harvest, and when the yellow fields wave before oar eyea we can. ot despise them; we know that the; are hum precious than anythimg else that cometh up out of the earth. Bo is it to God, aad to Jesus, God's don. He did not look upon men of ray tort m thing* to be despised; be would not have the least among them treated m chattel* nor regarded with con tempt. He knew the wisdom which was di*« played in the creation of the fabric •of their bodies and the "faculties of their aoals. He knew how God talfe* delight in men, and how good men, sanctified men, give to God s heart a joy like the joy #f harvest, and how men who have gone astray* when they are restored, make the great Fatter* heart to leap within Him with a joy which angelt cannot give. Of all creatures nnder heaven, the most precious thing to God is He cares nothing for gems "f the mine or pearls of the sea, bat men He vain** so much that He gave His only-begotten Son to bleed and die that they might not perish, but have everlasting life. The souls of the multi tude are precious in the sig t of the Lord, even m corn is precious to the husbandman. But when' the Lord spake of them as a harvest he bad before His mind the idea of danger to them. The harvest in our own country is just now ripe, and ready for the sickle ; but suppose the owner of some large estate should walk through his broad acres and should say, " I have a great harvest—look at those far-reaching fields • but the country has beoome depopulated, the people have emigrated, and I have no la borers. There are one or two yonder, they are reaping with all their might, they make long days, and they toil till they faint; but over yonder there are vast ranges of my farm un reaped, and I have not a sickle to thrust in. The corn, is being wasted, and it grieves me sorely. See how the birds are gathering in troops to prey upon the precious ears! Mean* while the season is far advanced, the autumn damps are already upon us, and the chill, frosty nights which are winter's vanguard are on their way. Mildew is spoiling the grain, and what remains sound will shell out upon the ground, or swell with the moisture and become of no service." Behold in this picture the Redeemer. He looks upon the world today, and He saya within Himself, " All these multi tudes of precious souls will be lost, for there are ao few reapers to gather them in. Here and there are men who, with prodigious energy, are reaping all they can, and all but fainting as they reap, and I am with them, and blessed sheaves are taken home; but what are these among so manyP" Look, brethren, can your eye see it P Can even an eagle's wing fly over the vast fields, unreaped plains, without growing weary in the flight ? There are the precious ears, they decay, they rot, they perish, they are ruined, to the loss of God and to their own eternal injury; and it grieves the Great Husbandman that it should be so. That it still the case today, and it ought to grieve us that it thould be so, for His take, and for the sake of our fellow men. A multitude of precious souls were perishing, and this the Saviour lamented. The Saviour had yet another thought— namely, that the masses were accessible; for He used the same expression when the people came streaming out of Bamaria_to the well to bear Him, drawn out by curiosity, created by the woman's story. He said to His disciples, " Lift up now your eyes, behold the fields are white already to the harvest." Now, when people are ready to hear the word, then it is that the fields are ripe; and our Lord meant that as the wheat ears do not oppose the sickle, but stand there, and a man has but to enter into the field and use the sickle, and the result will surely follow, so there are times when nothing is winted but to preach the gospel, and the souls which otherwise would perish, will surely be ingathered. I do not believe, my brethren, that at any time the world has had a dull ear to the gospel. Who have gathered the crowds P Such men as Augustine and Ohrysos torn. And what was their preaching but the gospel of Jesus Christ P Who have gathered them ? Buch men as John Hues, and Jerome, and Luther, and Calvin, and the like, about whom there was ever a sweet savour of Christ. Who have gathered them in this land P Who but our Wycliffe and our Knox ? Who gathered them in later days but our Whitfield and our Wesley, men who spoke the common language of the people, and who had no theme but Jesus crucified. They will not go to hear your philosophies, they leave you and your philosophies to the spiders and the dry-rot; but preach Jesus and His precious blood, and tell men that whosoever believeth in Christ shall be saved, and they will hear you gladly. I beard but last week from a missionary who spends nights in working for bis Lord in gin-palaoes and the lowest resorts of the people that ho has scarcely ever met with an insult; the people re ceived bis tracts, and tha ked him tor his kindly words. I find it continually asserted by our city missionaries and those who visit cab ranks, or omnibus yards, or work among other pnblio servants, that in general there is a willing attention to the gospel. The fields stand asking us to reap them, but there are not reapers enough ; the grain perishes for want of laborers. The people are acces-ible. What country is there where the gospel cannot be preiched? Fast dosed was China, but you may go through out the length and breadth of the land and talk of Christ, if ye will. Japan is open to you, and Africa has laid bare her central secret; Spain, fast shut as with a seal, is this day set free, and Italy rejoioes in the same liberty. All the world lies before the reapers of the Most High, but where are they ? " The harvest truly is plen teous, but the laborers are few." The idea of immediate need is contained in the figure, for the reaping of the harvest is to a considerable extent with the farmer a matter of now or never. " Ah," sajs he, "if I could post pone the harvest, if I could let it be gathered in by slow degrees, if we could work on till the harvest moon has gone, and then through No vember and December till winter closes the year, then the scantiness of laborers would be a small evil, but there is a limited time in which the wheat can be safely housed, and it must be got in ere winter begins, or it is lost to us." Ah, my brethren, there is no time for us to waste in the salvation of the sons of men. They will not live for ever; yon gray head will not tarry till you have told him the gospel, if you postpone the good news for the next ten years. We speak of what we hope may be ac complished for our race in half a enntury, but this generation will be buried era t hat time. Ye must reap yon harvest at once, or it will be de stroyed; it must be ingathered speedily, or it will perish. To-day, to-day, to day, the imperative necessities of manhood appeal to the benevolence of Christians. To-day the sure abstraction of the unbeliever speaks with pleading voice to the humanity of every quickened heart. "We are perishing, will you let us perish P You can only help us by bringing as the gospel now; will you delay P" Thus we hare indicated the design of the Master in selecting the figure ot a harvest. 11\. And now, secondly, I desire to point out to you the eervioe needed. The world being represented as a harvest, the need was for " la borers." I have never seen in any commentary or sermon I have yet met with any wording out of the metaphor of Üborers in the harvest field, and yet the meaning lies upon the very sur face—l will call your attention to it in a moment, when I have aotiord, first, th»t our Saviour tells as that Üborers are wanted. There are certain persons in the world who do not believe in instramentalities, and habitually depreciate them. Our Saviour was not of their mind. He did not say, "The harvest truly is plenteous, and the laborers are few, but that matter* not, God oan bless a few, and make them accomplish as much a* many." He believed in His Father's omnipotence, but He also believed that the Lord would work by means, and that many laborers were required to gather in a plenteous harvest, and therefore He told a* to pray for them. He believed in results being | proportionrte to means used, and He therefore bade at go to the root of the matter practically. Neither did oar Lord say, " The laborers are few, therefore pray God to do the work. He oan do it alone, and has no need of men. You think too much of snen j your one-soan ministry ought to be pat away." No, Jesus did not talk so i we do not ate any tram of such sentimenU ( in oar Saviour's teaching ; our Master never mad* too much of men, bat He made a very great deal of men anointed of the ipirit aad sent to praaoh; in fact He taught us to pray for them i and the very last thing He did for us when He went to baaven wae to give us men, for it is written " He received gifts) for men; and gave some apostles, some evangelists, some pastor* and teacher*." If we despise what Christ evidently prices as Hi* asoension gift, we may fancy we are honoring God, bat we shall griave His Bpirit He would have as attw-h great importance to the instrumentality. He bid* us know that though God could reap Hit harvest without men, He will not oit Could He not bring forth a •pintual reaping machine? Modern intention has done thu for the farmer, and the sane idea could be carried out in spiritual things, and so thouiandt would be converted in an hoar without human agency. But the Lord aakt for no such invention* ; He does not direct us to a«k for spiritual reaping machines, but to pray the Master to tend la borers into the harvest. But what kind of men does the Master mean to use? This is indicated in the text. First, they most be laborers. The man who does not make hard work of hia ministry will find it very hard work to answer for his idleness at the last gr-at day. A gentleman who want* an easy life should never think of occupying the Christian pulpit, he ia out of place there, and when he gets there the only advice I can give him ia to eet out of it at soon M possible; and if he will not leave the position voluntarily, I call to mind the language of Jehu concerning Jeiebel, •• Fling her down," and think the advice appli cable to a b*y minuter. An idler has no right in the pulpit. He is an instrument of Satan in damning the aouls of men. The ministry de mands brain labor ; the preacher must throw ; his tbonght into his teaching, and read and study to keep his mind in good trim. He must | not weary the people by telling them the truth in a stale, unprofitable manner, with nothing fresh from his own soul to give force to it. Above all, he must put heart work into his preaching. He must feel what he preaches: it matt never be with him an easy thing to de liver a sermon ; he must feel as if be could preach his very life away ere the se/mon is done. There muat be aoul work in it, the entire man must be stirred up to effort, the whole nature that God ha* endowed him with must be concentrated with all its vigor up,n the work in hand. Such men we want. To stand and drone out a sermon in a kind of ar tioulate snoring to a people who are somewhere between awake and asleep must be wretched work. I wonder what kind of exouse will be given by some men at last for having habitually done this. To promulgate a dry creed, and go over certain doctrines, and expound and enforce them logically, but never to deal with men a conscience!, never to upbraid them lor their sins, never to tell them ot their danger, never to in rite them to a Saviour with tear* and en treatiea! What a powerleaa work is this! What will beoome of such preachers ? God have mercy upon them! We want laborers, not loiterers. We need men on fire, a d I beseech you atk God to send them. The harvest never can be reaped by men who will not labor ; they must off with their coaU acd go at it in their shirtsleeves; I mean they must doff their dignities and get to Christ's work aa if they meant it, like real harvest men. They must aweat at their work, for nothing in the harvest field can be done without the »weat of the lace, nor in the pulpit without the aweat of the aoul. But what kind of laborers are requir a? First, they muat be men who will go down into the wheat. You cannot re»p wheat by at and id* a dozen yards off and beckoning to it; you must go up close to the standing -talks j every reaper knows that And you cannot move people's hearts, and bring men to Chrut, by imagining yourself to be a superior being, who condescends wonderfully when he shakes hands with a poor man. There ia a very genteel order of preaching, whioh is as ridiculous aa reaping with a lady'a ivory handled pocket-knife, witb kid gloves on { and I do not believe in Clod's ever blessing it. Get among the wheat, like men in earnest! God's servant* ought to feel th*t they are one with the people; whoever they are they should love them, claim kinship with them, feel glad to see them, and look them in the faoe and cay, " brother." Every man ia a brother of mine; he may be a very bad one, but for all that I love him, and long to bring him to Jesus. Christ's reapers must get among the wheat. Now, see what the laborer brings with him. It is ft sickle. His communications with the corn are sharp and cutting. He cuts right through, cots the corn down, and oasts it on the ground. The man whom God means to be a laborer in His harvest muat not come with •oft and delicate words, and flattering doctrines concerning the dignity of human nature, and trie excellence of self-i.elp, and of earnest en deavors to rectify our lapsed condition, and the like. Such mealy-mouthedness may God curse, for it is the curse of this age. The honest preacher calls ft sin a sin, and a spade a spade, and says to men, " You are ruining yourselves; while you reject Christ you are living on the borders of hell, and ere long you will be lost to all eternity. There shall be no mincing the matter, you must escape from the wrath to come by faith in Jesus, or be driven fore»e from God's presence, and from all hope of joy." The preacher must make his sermons cut. He is not to file off the edge of his scythe for fear it should hurt somebody. No, my hearers, we mean to hurt you; our sickle is made on pur pose to ont. The gospel is intended to wound the eonicience, and to go right through the heart, with the deign of separating the soul from sin and self, as the corn is divided from the soil. Our object is to cut the sinner right down, fur all the comeliness of the flesh mutt be alain, all his glory, all his excellence mutt be withered, and the man must be as one dead ere he can be saved. Ministers who do not aim to out deep are not worth their salt. God never sent the man who never troubles men's con sciences. Such a man may be an ass treading down the corn, but a reaper he certainly is not. We want faithful ministers; pray God to send them. Ask dim to give us men who will preach the whole truth, who will not be afraid of certain bumbling doctrines, but will bring out, for instance, the dootrine of election, and not be ashamed of it; who will tell men that salvation is of the Lord, and will not go about to please them by letting them have a finger in salvation, as though they were to share in the glory of it Oh for laborers who can use sharp-cutting sickle* upon ungodly hearts! But then a laborer has only begun when he cuts the corn: muoh more is wanted. As be outs, he lets the corn fall on to his arm, and then he lays it along in rows, but afterwards he binds it together and makes it into bundle* t hat it may be ingathered. 80 the laborer whom God sends into the field must be a gathering la borer ; he must be one who brings God's people together, who comforts those that mourn, and picks up from the earth those who were cut down by the sharp sickle of oonviction. He must bind the saints together, edifying them in their most holy faith. Alas, how many have been soatterers, rending churches to pieces. Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to give Hi* ohuroh binders who can, by the power of the Holy tipirit, unite men'a hearts! Remember alao (hat the laborer's work ia never done in harvest time till he sees the corn housed, —until it i* made into ft stack or put into • barn, his toil i* not over; and the Christian minister, if God ha* truly anointed hin to hi* work, never leave* caring for souls till they get to heaven. He is like Mr Great heart with Christiana and M?roy, and the children; he goes with them from the City of Destruction right up to the Eiver Jordan; and if he could he would go through the riv r with them. It is bis business to march in front with his shield, to meet the dragon* and giant* with hi* sword, and protect the little one*. It is hi* to be tender to them a* ft shepherd witn the lamb* and ft nurse with her ohudren, for be longs to present them at last to his Matter and say, " Here am I, and the children that thou hast given me." Brother minister, our* i* a great work, and it never ceases from the first moment when our sickle touches the oonecienoe and wouada it, to the last moment when we are enabled to present our people before the Lori, •aved for ever. The church wants men sent of the Holy Ghost who oan do all this, by God* I help; for though the Lord worketh all thing*, ' He does it by men, and men are wanted every- I when that the work may be aeeomplished. Thus have we described the servioe required. 111\. The third thiag is, our Lord directed His disciples how to obtain a supply. He bid* them pray for such men. Every word here ia instructive. "Pray TS." Brethren, do top ever pray Chad to send such workers into His vineyard t How long since you heard that prayer prayed, axeept from thi* pulpit • Pray ye, every one of you. Are you in the habit of doing so every morning and night P Why is there such a dearth of really warm-hearted, loving, earnest evangelists in England P It ia because they are not asked for. God will not give them to ut if we do not ask for them. It i her* v one thing noticeable in this ohareh it it oar continual prayer that God may be pleated | to raise up among at men who will work for Him; and He hat done it, anl He will do it if we continue to pray for it. But if you do not pray that God would tend forth the laborers, and the laborer* do not oome, who it to blame ? "Pray Yi." " Pray ye, therefore," He tayt} at if the very fact that there are to many precious toali perishing should be oar argument for praying. " Lord, it it not a few score that are left un taught and untaTed, but millions in our own land, and hundreds of millions in other landt; therefore, Lord, we do prty the* tend forth la borers." We are to pray to the Lord, for it it the Lord's business. Only the Lord can send us the right men. He hat a right to tend whom He pleases, for it is His own harvest, and s man may employ whom he wills in his own field. It would be til in Tain to appeal to anybody elae. It it of no use to appeal to bwhopt to find us laborers. G-od alone hat the making of ministers and the raising up of true workers, and therefore the petition must be addressed to Him. tl Prey ye therefore the L.»rd of the harvest." The Lord's Prayer, in its first three petitions, contains this prayer: "Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, in earth at it it in heaven." Doet not that mean, "Lord, tend forth men who may teach this world to hallow Thy name, that they through Thy Spirits power may be the means of making Thy kingdom come, and causing Thy will to be dona in earth at it it in heaven." We ought to pray continually to the great Lord of the harvest for a tupply of earnest laborers. And do yon notice the expression used here, " that He would tend forth laborers." Now the Greek is much more forcible ; it it that He would path them forward, and thrust them out: it is the same word which it used for the expulsion of a devil from a man possessed. It takes great power to drive a d<<vil out j it will need equal power from God to drive a minister out to his work. I always say to young fel ows who consult me about the ministry, " Don't be a minister if you can help it j" beoaute, if the man can help it, God never called him; but if he oannot help it, and he mutr either preaoh or die, then he is the man. May the Lord push men out, thrust them out, drive them out, and compel them to preaoh the gospel j for unless they preach by a divine compulsion, there will be ne spiritual compulsion in tliei* ministry upon the hearts of others. " Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that He wool 1 thrust out laborers into His harvest" And do notioe, beloved, that our Lord said, " into His harvest." I like that, because the harvest is not ours. If that harvest shall perish, it is our heavenly Father's harvest that perishes. This makes it weigh upon my toul. If they told me that the harvest of tome harsh, overbearing tyrant was perishing, I might say, " Let it! If be had it. what good would it be to him or anybody else? He grindt the faces of the poor; who wants to tee him rich P" But when it is oar gracious God, our blessed loving F-tther, one cannot bear the thought; and yet Jesus puts it before us that it is God't harvett which is perishing for want of reaping. Suppose an angel thould take you upon hit wing and poise you in mid-space tome hundreds of miles above tbe earth, where you could look down on the globe with strengthened eyesight j suppose you rested there, and the world re volved before you in twenty-four houn, the sunlight gradually coming upon all portions of it, and suppose that with the sunlight there should be rendered visible certain colors which would mark where there was grace, where there was idolatry, where there was atheism j you would grieve to tee only he»e and there upon our globe, like little drops d dew, bright markt of the grace of Ood. but various shades of darknett would show you that the whole world lieth in the Wicked One still. And if the vision changed, and you taw the two hemispheres spread out like a map, and transformed into a oorn field with corn all white for the harvest; how sad would you be to tee here and there men reaping their little patches, doing the best they can, but the great mast of the corn untouched by the tickle. You would see leagnes of land where never an ear was reaped, that we know of, from the foundations of the world. You would be grieved to think that God't corn it spoiling, men whom H«< has made in His own image, and made for im mortality, perishing for lack of the gospel. • • Pray ye," that is the stress of the whole text.— <* Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that He would thru*t forth laborers into His harvest," that these fields may not rot before our eyes. Will ye pray it, my brethren? Thu text it laid on my heart; it lies more on my heart than any other in the Bible ; it it one that haanti me perpetually, and hat done for many years. What can one voice, one tongue do! Therefore it in t hat we instituted the Collie, that men might be instructed in the way of God more per fectly, and you, my beloved people, have helped me t'lete many yean, for which I thank you, thank you lovingly, with all my heart. You have never ceased from that best of works, and therefore you, at a church, can honestly pray, because you work at well at pray. Some churches oannot do to; they despise the teaching of a man of utterance, to that he may read the Scriptures in tbe original tongue, and speak hi* own language correotly | but you have taken tenderly and generously to the work, and God hus blessed you j and at this very moment tome three hundred of your sont, nursed at your kneet, are preaohtng the selfsame gospel which wo are preaohing here j for which let God be praised. While we give let us pray, and when we bave prayed, let as give; that God may tend forth laborert into Hit harvest. I V. The last point it this: The Lord Jeeui heard their prayers; He did tend forth la borers. I feel vexed with the fellow who chopped the Bible up into chapters; I forget his name juat now, and I am sure it is not wort recollecting. 1 have heard that he did most o< bin carving of the new Testament between London and Paris, and rough work lie made oi it. Surely he was chaptering the Gospel ol Matthew while he was crossing tbe Channel, for he has divided it in such queer places. He has chopped this passage in two: " Pr»y ye there fore the Lord of the harvest, that He will tend forth laborers into Hit harvett." Down comei the meat axe, right aorota a bone. Let as put tbe bonet together, and read what it next. "And when He had called unto Him Hi« twelve disciples, He gave them power againat unclean spirits, to oast them out.' It appears, then, th >t the Lord told them to pray that God would raise up laborers, and then called them to be the laborers themselves. " You bave been praying for men," said He; " and you are the very men yourselves." He putt His bandt upon them one by one. " You prayed God tw tend out 1 borers; oome hither Matthew, oome hither Peter, James, John. I heard you pray as I told you, and behold I tend you forth to work for me." What if God thit morning thould move some of you to feel that men are perishing, and you cannot let them perwh! What if yo t thould pray, " Lord, tend out men to save souls," and then He thould put Hit bandt on you and say, " You are tbe man your self. Behold I t«nd you 1" Ido not suppose the twelve dreamed fur a moment that they would be sent forth to be reapert) but to the Lord of the harvett had decreed. Have I not tome men here who if they thought it over would s*y, " Lord. I am of uncouth speech, aud I oannot serve Th*e at I would, but snob, at I have give I Thee." And, dear brother, when you begin to talk about the Saviour, you do not know how well you will succeed; and if you do not pleaee yourself that doet not signify if you please God. There it another, a man who bat been dumb half hie life ; and yet, if he did but know it, hat force and power in him " But I shall never preach," taitti one. If you do not preaoh you tan serve God somehow elae. Oo Id you not start a prayer meeting in your house? Some of you live in different partt of London; could not you commence new in terettt? Do something for Jesus. Boma of you, good women, could yon not get young women together and talk to them about th Saviour ? Ay, but perhapt I have tome brother here who hat been tmotnering in hit heart a desire to go into the mitaionary field. Brother, do not quench the Spirit. You may be miating your vocation while trying to suppress that desire. I would aoooer you thould burst into faaUieitm, torn of you, and beoome right down fools in enthusiasm, than rtmain M the church , now is in a dead coolness, earing little for the soul* of hub. Wliat do Ohristien people now- , ••days think ofP If they hear about Japan, they «ay, "Oh, we shall have a new trade there j" but do they cay, " Who among us can \ go to Japan to tell them of the gospel." Do you not think that merchants, and soldiers, and sailors, and soeh like people who trade with distant parts of the world are the very ' persons to spread the f ospel ? Should not a Christian man say," I shall try and find a trade for myself which will bring me into oontact with a class of persons that need the gospel, and I will use my trade as the stalking-horse for Christ; since hypocrites use religion as a stalking-horse for gain, I will make my trading subservient to my religion." " Oh," says one, "we can leave that to the society.** God bless the society, and, I was going to say, smother the society, rather than allow it to smother per sonal effort. We want our godly merchants, working men, soldiers, and sailors everywhere to feel " I oannot go and get a proxy in the shape of a society to do this for me; in the name of God, I will do it myself, and have a share in this great battle." If you cannot labor yourself, the society is the grandest thing con ceivable, for you may help others thereby ; but still the main cry from Christ is that you your self should go into the highways and hedges, and M many as you find compel them to come in to the gospel feast. The world is dying, the grave is filling, hell is boasting, and yet you have the gospel j can it be that you do not care to win souUi do not care whether men are damned or saved ? The Lord wake us from this stony-hearted barbarity to our fellow-men, and make us yearn over them, care about them, and pray about them, and work for them, till the Lord shall arise, and send forth laborers into His harvest! ' But I recollect that some of you may very well be unconcerned about others, for you are unconcerned about yourselves. Oh, I do implore you, remain so no longer. Live not upon the brink of the grave without a Saviour! Sport not between the jaws of hell, but fly to Him, to Him who never did reject a sinner that .came to Him, and never will. God hear you for Jesus' sake. A man 