MISS ROSE EVANS AS "HAMLET." On Friday night Miss Evans appeared at the Theatre Royal in the character of Hamlet. It was announced as her benefit night, and while there was a fair muster in the circle the other parts of the house were well attended. Judging from the applause, recalls, and floral tributes accorded to Miss Evans, we have to say that her temerity in appearing in the masterpiece of England's greatest dramatist was very successful. Bursts of applause were very frequent throughout the play, at the end of every act she was called before the curtain, and each time received bouquets of flowers. It would, however, be a mistaken aet of kindness on our part to allow Miss Evans to suppose that we regard her performance in the light of a triumph in the true dramatic sense. We are willing to admit that she played her part with effect, startling at times to a Shaksperian reader, but it was scarcely in the nature of things that she could realize even to her most enthusiastic admirer the character of Hamlet. Were she a big stalwart person who spoke in deep tones, instead of a petite woman with a sweet girlish voice, the incongruity of sex might perhaps have been got over. As it was, with an Ophelia a head taller than Hamlet, a mother vastly his (or her) superior in size, apd the King, Horatio, Laertes, and the Ghost like giants by her side as she appeared in her novel dress, Miss Evans looked like another Gulliver in Brobdignag. But setting aside such a consideration, and with the fact fully before us that she was severely indisposed, as she afterwards explained, we can hardly compliment Miss Evans upon her interpretation nf the part. If a man were to render it as she did we should say he played it badly. We will not dwell upon one or two palpable errors we noticed, which we believe were lapsus linguae, and attributable to the cause above referred to; but we think Hamlet was made too much of the whining schoolgirl type of character; he (or she) was in fact as he himself said, speaking of his mother, "Like Niobe, all tears." We think that while Hamlet is undoubtedly sorrowful and melancholy, he is at the same time vigorous and manly; and it is utterly inconsistent with the vigorous action he takes that he should always speak as though he were on the very verge of bursting into a flood of tears. Then, again, we observed that for the sake of effect Miss Evans was regardless of the proper emphasis. We may mention an instance that struck us during the performance by the players before the King and Queen. Hamlet says to the latter, " Madam, how like you this play?" Says Miss Evans, " Madam, how like YOU this play ?" Again, in the line, "Assume a virtue if you have it not," Miss Evans throws a powerful stress upon virtue. We must, however, do Miss Evans the justice to say that she certainly seemed to act upon Hamlet's instructiens to the player to a much greater extent than we had expected, and we think it likely that if at a Ladies' College she were to recite some of the soliloquies as she did last night she would stand reasonable chance of taking the first prize for elocution — that is if such a prize is ever given. Mr. W. J. Hollowly gave the speeches of the Ghost very fairly; but Mr. Milne, as Polonius, betrayed an unhappy knack of chopping blank verse into couplets. Mr. S. Woolfe took the part of the King, and did much better in that important character than was expected of him, and was applauded. Miss Rosa Cooper took the part of Queen, and Miss Ardet, as Ophelia, was second to none in the whole cast. Only thefirstthree acts of the tragedy were performed, the representation terminating with the scene in which Hamlet upbraids his mother for her perfidy. At the fall of the curtain Miss Evans was recalled to receive very hearty plaudits. She afterwards appeared and made a little speech, tendering her "heartfelt thanks' for the kind manner in which the public had supported her efforts to please them." It was, she said, unfortunate that she should have had to play on her benefit night, coming from a severe indisposition, which she attributed to changes of climate, but she had done her best, though she did not think she was fit to undertake Hamlet. However, she threw herself on the indulgence of the audience, and hoped " to do better on a better occasion." If we may venture to substitute " more suitable" for the second word " better," we, while expressing our hearty sympathy with the fair actress, will also add that we are quite certain she wilL We regret te state that it was subsequently men tioned that she was too ill after her exertions to appear in the comedietta "The Happy Pair," as announced. Without new referring to Miss Evans's ability—to which we are most willing to pay a tribute of respect—we would say that no actor or actress that has ever visited us has worked more assiduously to provide efficiently for the amusement of the theatre-going public or deserved better at their hands. We sincerely hope her indisposition will not prove serious. After the portion of "Hamlet" the juvenile members of the company essayed to entertain the audience with songs and duets, and their efforts were successful, though displaying but a mediocrity of talent in all excepting the child MUly Downey, who exhibited surprising aptitude for the stage. "Savourneen Deeli&h;" is "" nounced for to-night. 