FOREIGN MISSIONS.' South American Missionary Society. — A meeting was held at Freemasons' Hall, to take farewell of two lay missionaries (Messrs. R. S. Clough and J. E. Resyek), on their departure to found a mission at Santarem, upon the Amazons. The chairman said the Jesuits * had hitherto alone had their way, whilst Protestants regarded the Amazons as a blockaded port, and to proclaim the gospel there too vast a work to be attempted. It was. no new design, however, as Captain Gardiner contemplated it, and arguments on its behalf had appeared in the society's magazines for six years past. The great obstacle to its execution had been the want of men and means. The society has risen to a consciousness of its responsibilities and privi leges, and, having already received £373 of the £1000 appealed for, has resolved to follow the leadings of God's providence, . and to employ the experienced agents placed apparently ready to their hand. Mr. R. S. Clough had gained, experience in his pioneer journey of 3000 miles up the river last year, and Mr. Resyek, by his success ful labours in the Fuegian Mission, where he dwelt amongst the natives, had won many to the love of the truth as it is in Jesup. The results of the society's Southern Mission, with its chequered history of encouragements and discouragements, disasters, trials, but finally (under God) successes, with its crowns of rejoicing at the last, stimulate us to proceed with this important work, Self-sacrifice is the essence of a missionary spirit, and the chairman believed that those now going forth arc imbued with this spirit, being bent on winning souls to Christ, and on the faithful preaching of His Word, and determined to follow up the heathen to their haunts and wig wams in trustful reliance on the promise that ' every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold, and shall inherit everlasting life.' He should commend them to God's gracious keeping. Day ot? Intercession for Foreign Missions. — The following letter from the Primate to the Hon. Secretary of the Church Mis sionary Society exhibits the interest which is now felt in the highest ? quarters in the great work of missions : — ' God's blessing has mani festly attended the Day of Intercession for missionary work, in which so many of us joined last year. It seems to me very desirable that, on some day towards the close of the present year, we should again approach God with our united intercessions on behalf of our Missions, and that we should give humble and hearty thanks to Him for the progress which has been made during the last twelve months. I would suggest Wednesday, the 3rd December, as a suitable day, and I am glad to believe that your society concurs with me in the desi rableness of encouraging those interested in missionary work thus to unite in prayer and thanksgiving, The field of missionary labour is so vast, and the efforts which we have yet been able to make are so small when compared with the magnitude of the task before us, that, besides the duty of thus approaching God, it seems very desirable that an opportunity should be taken to stir up the minds of Christians to greater zeal in the missionary cause. Praying God to bless all efforts for the extension of our Lord's Kingdom, I am, &c.;' In reference to the Archbishop's letter, Mr. Wright, the Hon. Secretary, remarks : — ' A feature of new and special interest in the present instance is His Grace's extension of the invitation to the members of other Protestant Missionary Societies besides those belonging more exclusively to the Church of England. There were many such both in Great Britain and other countries who spontaneously joined with us in the similar observance of last year, and we have reason to hope that there will be still more this year who will gladly avail themselves of the opportunity of thus uniting at the throne of grace for the great and holy objects which we have in common. We trust that thus there may be secured an observance yet more general, and an union of heart and desire yet more wide and deep, than was manifested on the 20th of December last, to be followed by more copious showers of heavenly blessing than have yet fallen upon the vast pastures of the heathen wilderness. The need of a further increase both of labourers .and of resources will still be kept in mind, but the committee of this society are disposed to recommend to their friends and supporters that the prominent subject of desire and prayer should be the putting forth of the power of the Holy Ghost, stirring up the native Churches to a higher standard of holiness and zeal, and leading many among the heathen to acknowledge the Lord Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God.' Monument to Bishop Patteson. — The Bishop of Oxford preached in the Church of Ottery St. Mary, Devon, in which parish, at the intersection of four roads, the Attorney- General has just erected a wayside pillar to the memory of his cousin and friend the late Bishop Patteson, on a plot of ground kindly given by Sir John Kennaway. The design is by Mr. Butterfield, who has erected an unpretending structure of red brick and stone, the idea of which was taken from something of a similar character erected in 1743 by Mr. Denys Rolle, and still standing in excellent condition at the intersection of four cross roads between Bicton House and Otterton. On the four sides are the names of the places to which the four roads lead, and on each face is inscribed a text of Scripture containing reference to paths or ways. Bishop Patteson was formerly incumbent of a district church close to the spot. Conversion op a Jewish Rabbi. — In the Free Church of Scot- . land Monthly Record a letter from ' M. L. H.,' of Mobile, May 24, 1873, respecting the Jewish Eabbi of that place, who has become a Christian, contains the following : — ' Last week the Southern Baptist Convention met in this place, at which three or four hundred dele gates were present. Mr. Jaeger made his first appearance before that body, and received a most enthusiastic welcome from all its members. He spoke eloquently in behalf of a mission to the Jews, and his whole soul seemed to swell with emotion when he spoke of his beloved people still rejecting the Saviour whom He had found so precious. By special request, he narrated his experience, showing how a Jew finds Christ without the aid of a Christian. The whole Convention were deeply moved, and, by motion of the members, an earnest prayer was offered for the conversion of the Jews. Mr. Jaeger has offered him self to the Baptist Church, to work in any capacity they may think best, and they have accepted his services, with special reference to a Jewish mission.' Native Christian Alliance in India.— The Rev. Dhanjibhai Nauroji, of Bombay, writes to another native Free Church minister, the Rev. Narayan Shesadir, now visiting Scotland : — ' About a fortnight after you left us, we had the annual meeting of our Western India Native Christian Alliance. We met on the morning of the 16th April, and closed the meeting on the evening of the 19th of the same month. Many of our brethren from the Mof ussil (up-country stations) did not find it convenient to come, but still we had a fair attendance. The most interesting circumstance connected with our proceedings was the volunteering of Prabhakar, as our agent. This is what we were waiting for, and the Lord gave us the needful. You will be glad to hear that on the evening of Wednesday last we held a Marathi ser vice in connection with Prabhakar's mission, on which occasion, after much prayer, he was appointed to the work. He is to labour all over Salsett, having his headquarters in Thanna. I am sure you will re joice to hear of this movement. It is altogether a novel enterprise as regards India, at least Western India. A native Christian going forth as a herald of the Gospel among his countrymen, as an agent of a Native Christian Alliance, is altogether a new phase in our native Christianity, and it fills my heart with much joy, gratitude, and hope. Oh, let us pray that this movement may grow, that our native Churches may nave their missionary societies and agents, and that the millions of India may be reached and brought to Jesus by its converted children.' Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Meeting. — A very large and enthusiastic meeting was held in Exeter Hall, being the Annual Foreign Missionary Meeting of the two London Methodist districts. The second resolution was moved by the Rev. John Kilner, Ceylon missionary. He spoke of a vessel returning from India full of passengers, with a missionary among them, who related, after the period of sea sickness had passed away, his success, when a gentle man extinguished him by saying he had never seen a convert, although he had lived twenty-five years in India. This gentleman began to speak of exploits in tiger-hunting, when, after a time, the timid and silenced missionary exclaimed, ' A tiger ! A tiger ! Why, I have been above twenty years in India, and have never seen a tiger.' The resolution was seconded Dr. Punshon, who had lately returned, after a five years' residence, from Canada. He spoke of Methodist work among the French Roman Catholics of Lower Canada, and of the work among Indian tribes, and told of a place where a society of 400 consistent Indian members was collected. He said that at a tea meeting held last January the steam which ascended from the kettles came down in flakes of snow, so intense had been the cold. A tribe had made Dr. Punshon a chief. He was, therefore, now an Indian chief of the Cree tribe. He gave his name, which was quite unspell able. After relating much which was exceedingly interesting about the Dominion of Canada, he concluded with a denunciation of Popery. The Assyrian Expedition. — Mr. George Smith has published in the Daily Telegraph some notes on certain of his discoveries. The first alludes to the embarkation in the ark. ' The collection brought home by the expedition confided to my charge includes over 400 separate inscriptions, besides various objects of art, domestic eco nomy, implements, &c.; The inscriptions throw new light on the history, politics, astronomy, mythology, geography, and language of ancient Assyria. I will select a few as characteristic specimens of the collection, and I shall commence with a text that has attracted most attention — that, namely, which belongs to the Deluge series. When, last year, I published a translation of the text in question, I was obliged to note with regret that in the first column of the inscription there were about 15 lines entirely lost. The lacuna occurred at a point of high interest to students and the world in general, for the Divine Instructor of Sisit was about to give orders for the embarkation in the ark. It is needless, therefore, to say with what satisfaction I lighted upon the welcome tablet which fills up this very important gap. The fragment I found during the Daily Telegraph expedition belongs to the first column of the Deluge series of inscriptions ; it continues the speech of the god Hea, the commencement of which is on the portion of tablet already in the Museum. On the fragment of the old collection, Hea tells Sisit to warn the world, because of the wickedness of the people; on the Daily Telegraph portion Hea continues by predicting the flood, and then commands Sisit as follows : — ' On the coming of the flood which I shall send, thou shalt enter into the ship, and the door of the ship turn ; thou shalt send into the midst of it thy corn, thy furniture and goods, thy gold and silver, thy male slaves and thy female slaves, the sons of the army, the beasts of the field, the animals of the field ; all that thou hearest thou shalt do . . . they shall spread, and they shall guard the door of the ship. Sisit attended, and opened his mouth, and spake.' Among the numerous minor clay documents and objects in the collection there are several others of interest. Two of these are lumps of clay, which have evidently been moulded on a string attached to a linen roll, and the under side of the lumps still bears the impression of the texture of the material. These pieces of clay are stamped with the impressions of a circular seal, representing a king slaying a lion, and round the edge of the impression I have read 'the legend : — ' Assur-bani-pal, King of Assyria, son of Esar haddon, King of Assyria, grandson of Sennacherib, King of Assyria.' So that this is the veritable royal seal of Assurbanipal, the great Sar danapalus of the Greeks. Such clay impressions were probably attached to treaties, or other diplomatic documents, by a cord tied. round the roll, and passing through the clay.' ? 