THE CAPE YORE EXPEDITION. ) The following is tho conclusion of tho .re , port of Mr. W. Hann, addressed, to the1 lion'. W. H. Wnlsh, Minister for Public Works ; . On tho 4th October I again cut tho Bloom field, which is a fine running river twenty yards in width, and has a full of 100 feet. just above my camp. To roach it, I had to clear my way through two more cuttings of scrubs, to find myself moro completely hemmed in than ever.' Tlio opposite bank of tho river presented .pre cipitous faces of hills hundreds of feet in height. On the sido of the camp, broken ridges of equal .height kept us in. Tliero was but ono outlet, and it was doubtful whether .the horses could succeed in climbing up its faeo ; but the attompt must bo made. To romain lioro was impossible, and to return almost equally so. The attempt was mado; two or three of tho strongest horses went first — they were just able to manago it. I saw thero was no ehnnce for tho weaker ones, so I ordered them lo bo relieved of half their ' loadB, with which they barely succeeded in climbing the faco of the hill. Poor ' Billy' foil for the second time, and again tho friendly interposing of trees prevented him from coming to his end. Every horso had to bo led up ; wo then had to carry up what tho horses had left, and it is hard to say which was tho most labo rious work — to curry up or to carry down ; the work was most exhausting. My objoct now was to cloar myself of tho scrubs and mountains, and lo do this I had to abandon my course — now impracticable — and follow out loading ridges that would somcwhcro or another bring mo hack to my intended courso. On tho 9th October, tho Bloomfield was again cut — still a strong and beautiful stream, lioin mod in by mountains. Tho intervening country between this and tho last camp was of tho roughest and the worst description ; scrubs had lo bo cut through, the stoop faces of ridges had to bo ascended, only to bo descendod, owing to the impassable naturo of tho country along them ; men had to dismount and drive the horses beforo thorn ; theso it was difficult to kcop on tho intended track — tho leading ones would go along tho fearful side.lings, and drag tho others after them. The men found it im possible to ovortako tho strong horses; cvory stop hod to bo carefully taken, otherwise it iB hnnl to say what might havo been tho conso-, quenccs to them ; all tho shoutings and tho : blessings failed in arresting them, and not until groat labor and exertion (without any patience) had been expended, woro tlioy brought up and again put in the way they ought to walk. In somo pluses, the ridges just afforded passage along its crown for ono horso at a lime ; ono peak aftor another was ascended as being tho last ono, when another cumo in viow, only to show still another ; but as all things come to an end, bo peaks must coino to an end, and I at lust, with great labor, found myself on tho crowning ono. I beg to refer to my diary for tho particulars of the lust day or two's travel ling. On tho 10th October, I crossed the Bloom field, and pursued a general course of south east, along similar ridges, but now the scrubs again mado their appearance ; theso led lo tho last camp in a southerly direction, and the turning point of tho expedition. While traver sing gullies n ml scrubs in soarch of a road, I came across tho largest snake I ever saw ; I shot it, and whon dead, tho reptile moasured up .wards of sixtcon feet in length, nnd was of tho boa tribo ; my blackboy was in eestacies, as well aB somo of the other members of my party, if I may judgo from the alternation which it led to beUvoen tho Doctor and mysolf. On tho 12lh October, I reached iny 64th , camp, and the last ono of all my hopes lo go iu a southerly direction. Shortly after arriving at it, a lot of natives mado thoir iippcarance, llicy woro friendly and passed tlio day with us, I guvo them handkerchiefs and fish-hooks, and iu return thoy robbed my camp during tho night; they had been seen by the doctor during his watch, but the docd hud been committed whon the alarm was given, upon which they cleared out. Two attempts wero mado by tlie to try and'foreo a passage out of my present position', but I regret to say without avail ; no reliance I found could be placed on any information from tho natives, want of knowledge of tlio laugungo would ulono oauso this to mislead travellers. I must examino for myself,, for the last time, and willi this view I startod off, accompanied by Dr. Tate and Jerry ; we crossed nnd roerossed the river several times, penetrated soioral patches of scrubs aud long grass, when at tho end of nine miles wo asccndod a high hill, densely covered with tho former, from which one look wus sufficient. Here the last lingering hopes vanished, depression took their plnco. Had tlio expedition boruo privations and toils for this ?— was it to turn its buck on its courso with such a reward ?— the auswor was impora tivo and laid beforo it. ? From this hill I could 6ec tho sou to tho east, at a ' distaneo of eight or nine miles, with a black und impenetrable patch between us, stretching ovbr low and very broken country; this black patch was scrub. To tho south, tho Dividing Rango rearod its front, covered with tho samo vegetation and forbidding approach; tlio range hung over, tho sea as fur as tlio eye coiild seo south, all equally clothed in scrub. Capo Tribulation, roso' with its oloudod hoad to tho northV to look at it, was sufficient to creato tlio feeling indicated by its name, it rovolled in ? sorub' abovo; below, and around it for miles; tlio oyo rcstod on hill's and scrub everywhere, tliero wus not the ghost of a chance of finding a track to thread those mazes, and to endeavor to penotrato them would liavo been madness., Thero was no courso left open for me but to . turn iny back on this diimal scono and retrace my BtopB to cump. I communicated to my fellow-travellers tho results of tho morning's work, how nature had thrown insuporablo diffi culties aoross tho putli of our hopes und wishes ; .that if wo hud succeeded in baffling hor hitherto alio hud ropuid herself a hundredfold by iiorlast barrier, at which we could gaze but could not : overcome, fcituatod us wo were for provisions ; and that, therefore, tho only course for us to pursu'o wus to boat a rotrout for our own salva- . 'lion. ; * Arid 'now I had . to review 'iny .'position for a j rotreut.' Air along this had been d matter' of i serious thought und .consideration with' mej ond j I lost h6:oppbrtuiiity of impressing this On' iriy 1 party. But for this oa my part, and a careful cxpondituro of? my resources, how should I have beert situated for a rotreut inovo- ; ment ; if I had allowed rations ? to bo used in tho quantities that some desired, I should long ; ago havo seon tho last of. thorn, but I ,was , told that I, should .liavo brought moro. , My answer was, that it wa9 , evident that I.liad ? brought enough to keep all in health and strength; nono woro ailing or failing. I. was . told that Australian exploration in thoso day's was reduced' to tlio' simplicity of 'railway' travelling.' I challenged tlio proof of this being tho caso in cno single instance. Could uiiything so utterly absurd bo advanced by any man with ordinary common sense ? . I fancy I . see tho curl of derision and contempt, upon tho lips of my old frionds, explorers, and bushmen, upon learning that any idea so fallacious could -. orilor into tho head of any man. . For what aro tlio objoots and qualifications of exploration P . First, tho discovery of country ; and secondly, the doing it upon as small means as is compa tible with health and strongth. What real bushman ever looks forward to this a3 a cambric handkorchicf existence, with an agreeablo morn ing's rido, and high feeding ? Should not men offering thomsolros for such work, -examino themselves and ascertain whether they can fuco tlio privations and hardships accompanying suck work, nnd whether thoy can placo a cheek; upon un inordinate desiro to bo always eating ? My opinion is that' they should do so, if only for their own sakes, And, had it not boon for my Btringont measures in rogard to rations and victuals (forced upon me), I should not now have been in a posi tion to carry my party through the remainder of tho journey, which it would tako four woekB to bring to an end. I beg to rofor to my diary for many other particulars connected with this ' retreat movement. I now turned to and shod all my horses that had dropped thoir shoes in coming over tho dreadful slate ridges, as well as . thoso that wero tender-footed; I hod my fear3 for two or three that had givon in on sevoral occasions, but I was in hopes of still bringing them on, if I could onco get thorn, safely out of this mountainous country. All the packs wero overhauled, and overy thing not absolutely re quired, was disenrdod, but this did not amount to much. Every horso was now lightly loaded. At tlio point .whero I left tlio Bloomflold, it . was soon taking its courso into tlio Main Rango ; the Endeavour was left taking its course into t he scrubby mountains, on tho coast, a few miles from the sea, noar Mount Thomas. Ou the lCth October, on a gonoral course of west 25 dog. north, I readied the first of tho numerous branches of tho Norinaiiby, which was on tlio third day after leaving my 64 and turn about camp. Most of tho intervening country had beon passed over by mo beforo, and lliut which wus now wns equally painful and laborious to got over; but I was oneo more in an easy travelling country ; its formation was still slate, showing a fair quantity of quartz over tho sur , fuco. Surprised u camp of natives in tho bed of a creek, all women and children ; during tho night, tlio camp was again visited by tho blacks, but a shot or two soon dispersed thorn. On the 18th Octobor, I loft what I may call tho second branch of tho Normanby ; it ran through a wretched country of baro slato ridges ; tho decent into it was trying ou tlio horses, and it wus only by dint of liurd urging Unit, thoy could be induced to desccnd tho faco of tho steep hill. The naturo of the country to it was- composed of slates and quart* — a re markable rango, high and rugged, w-as to tho wo»t of my course ; I havo numod it Andrew's Range, having been solicited by tho doctor to do so in remeinbrauce of a friend of his lost iu tho Maria, on her attempt to rcuoh New Guinea. On tho 19lh October I reached tho third branch of tho Normanby, which I did ovor basaltic country of the finest description. This wns tho first change of formation which I had mot with einco coining into tho Endeavor country, aud all tho way along the coast, whero it liud beon entirely slate, this stream divides tho two formaliuns, the slates keoping tlio southern wliilo tho basalt keeps tho northern side. I wus undor tho impression whon this stream was first met with, that I was ou tho Kennedy, but. subsequent observation convinced mo of my error. I followed it for two days, although not quito in my course. I had now got into sandstone .formation; nnd very rough and formidable tho hills looked for a passage across tlicui ; experienced liouvy raiu, which chcckod my travelling for one day, but I was glud of it than otherwise, as my horses had fine feed, and thero was the cliunco of its giving mo water on my road. On the 24th October I cut tho fourth and fifth branches of the Normanby, at a distance of seven and a-lmlf miles apurt. It wns upou coming upon this lust running brunch that I was convincod of my previous orror, from the fact of remarking tliut tho Normanby when parted with was a strong running stream, which must'^ave dorived its supply from soino ranges, and also that this was tho first running slroum -going iu that direction which I had met with ; from this I inferred it to bo the wijter which I lmd lust parted with as tho Normunby. 'Ou -tho 26th October I reuched tho head wutors of the Kounody ; I also had some doubts here, but theso I soou solved by following down iho rivor, which I found going north, and in some instancos to tho east of that point, there fore it could bo no other than tlio Kennedy. Tho passage across from the Normunby was moat laborious nnd painful work on all ; the puss among these Bundstono runges was up a steep ravine, blocked up with immense boulders und rooks ; tlio sundstono cliffs were towering above us to a height of throb hundred feet on oithcr side, making tho sceno a very grand and impressive ono ; the horses wero driven iu mobs, as through the scrubs, und until tho task .was .comploled I had my doubts as to its success ; the descent was equally painful and severe on the poor animals. I refer to my diary for -further particulars. This sandstone range continues its courso to : Jane's Tableland, at tlio south ond of Princess Churlotto's Bay. I crossod it ou my routo to , the Endeavour from tho Normanby, and I beliovo it to bo about five and. a-lialf miles, wido along its whole course.' On the 28th October I renchod tlio Palmer ; the passage to it over the main range was very easy, being iip a fiiio valley at first, bounded on tho east aido by n slate range, and on the' west by a sundBtonc tableland ; it has a small pateh of good soil showing limestono among it, and a lino' crock along its wholo length. Tho valley then contracted to a' little moro than a pass for one horso, which brought us up gradually and easily to tlio summit of tho dividing range betweOn custom and western waters. So hero we wero oneo more amongst old friends — wo had i tho Palmer at our feet with all its familiar land marks, wliilo in the distance our lofty friend, Mount Mulgrave, stood out boldly nnd conspic uously, und, if not actually bidding us wolcomo, at any riito' pointing out to us bur road homo after so many months' of varied feelings of hope and disappointments. All further interest, so fur ns exploring is concerned, may bo said to be at, an ond; — wo are treading upon known ground, and, whero not absolutely upon our own trucks, theso are only deviated from to cut, off bonds and shorten' tho journoy as much t as' possiblo; ' Tho ' character of the country, has not been found to differ from that on which j tho' outward 'traok was made. Evory day brings : our troubles to an' ond. On tho 31st October I arrived on'tho Mitchell. : My return track kept to tlio eastward of Mount Mulgruvoj a bold, high, and remarkablo range ; -stretches 'across fi'bm the blink of the Palmor to; ? tho Mitchell— I' havo iinmed it ' Thbmp- j jspn's Rango,' after the Minister for Lands' fits,' diroctjoii: 'is' iiortli '.ahd: south,' and; is, of slalo! ? formation', 'wll'brehS 1 the 'country- over 'which Ij returned is mica schist with quartz -on tho surface. ? On the 1st Novombor, I reached tho Wnlsh'; this river .wa9 not running, ullhough tho, Palmor and tlio: Mitcholl had larger supplies. than wlibn passed over by, me on thoroutward,. trip, owing !,no doubts to , , tho : lato rains.;,' The , samo Brio country was passed over, between, tho, Mitohell . iand the Walsh,; to wliioh I alluded on my, out- . ? w»rd routo ; droppcd .my third horse hero— ho , .could not accomplish , tho long stage.' Followc)! I up tlio Walsh for. three days without anything moro .interesting being seen than has 'already . been described. On tho Gib Novombor' I reached the ,Tutb. . ; The first part of tlio journoy was over sandstono hills and ridges, the latter in places Very scrubby. Then we passed over open' ridges, which had . ' been burnt, and which I- havo always found ,bost , ? for horses travelling.. On tho' first, day/thp remains of: somo horriblo water was found iu a hole, which all the horses would not tasto, and that night tho expedition camped without :. water , for tho first timo, but it wus found,. tho noxt morning at an eurly hour ; tho latter part of tlio road w-as over n . slate, formation; I intended following the Tato bo. long as it kept my courso,. but in this' it was not intended that .« I should succeed,. as .the river bore away oast, : when I abandoned it. , On tlio 9 tli Novombor I roacliod tho Lynd, and on tlio ovbnin'g Of the same day, I m'ado my camp on Fossilbrook Creek.' On leaving the Tato I followed ono of its tributaries on' a south courso ;' tlio country passed*' through was of groonstona formation with quartz veins pooping out in all directions, it is the most likely looking country for gold that I have passed over ; of its extent I know nothing, but I think it very likely that it will joiu tlio slato formation mot with by mo on all thoso western rivers — all of which, I beliovo to bo well worthy of being carefully prospootod, I' have no doubt myself . that in this direction thero is a wido field for ' research. Tho abovo description of country extended as far as two hills on my course; theso I have named Mount M'Devitl, uftor iho momber for the Kennedy, nnd the other Mount St. G-oorgo, after tho Commissioner at tho Etheridgc. Aftor leaving theso hills I passod through somo abominably rough granito ridges, which afterwards opened up into splendid travelling over burnt and sandy country. My last fright for tho horses was recoivod here, but fortunately it was only alarm ; no doubt that ono of tho mares .was u littlo ill, but whon I heard it said, ' Good God, they are all poisouod,' it wus quite enough to startle me and hasten my doparture ; but one thing was evident, that tho excluiuicr did not know a sick horse from a horse that laid down for rest, and gave a grunt of satisfaction when it had done so. In the evening I opened a bottle of brandy, g.ive each member. half u fig of tabaceo, by which I hud redeemed a promise made some timo back. .... On the 12th Novombor, ,1 arrived at Juntion Creek all safe aud well, whero tho expedition closed its labors. Accompanying this letter is Diary of Expedition, Map of Expedition, Botunicul Spociuioiis collected by Dr. Tate, Fossils and ' puunings off' by myself. In conclusion, I would beg to Btulc, that' tho expedition has travelled- over 1,500 miles of country sinco its first starting out; that it has passed through no ordinary dangers and diffi culties, and if Iho results have not been moro favorable to tho interests and, advancement of this country, it has not been owing to any want of energy or porseveranco oil the part of tlio expedition to secure them. Tho country wus a ' terra incognita' before, but the labors of the expedition huvo unfolded its character, of which nothing wus knowii hitherto ; and if thoso have not been such as could liavo boon desired: I can only say, that that which did not exist could not be found. I, however, ' feel assured that the Governmenl^will give liio tho crodit of: having faithfully and zeulously carried out. the, grout work entrusted to me,' which I did to tho utmost of my ability and the bost of iny: powers. ?'?',.?? I havo the honor to be, sir, Your most obedient sorvaut, , ' Wir.' Hans'. 