THE OPERA. The Royal Italian Opera Company have been, to use a well-worn phrase, winning golden opinions at the hands of the public and the prcBs for their admirablo perfor mances during the week. Thoir decided and well-deserved success proves that Mr. Lystcr thoroughly understands tho people of Melbourne in the matter of amusements, Anything that is really good will pay. When the expenses connected with an Ittdian opera company are considered, and when the fickleness of tho public is also remembered, it will bo seen that such a class of entertainment requires a thoroughly en terprising and intelligent manager in order td render it sufficiently remunerative. For tunately the company engaged hang well together, and improve, rather than retro grade, despite tho unuBuolly heavy calls made upon their powers of endurance. Last Saturday evening Un Ballo in Maschera was produced to an overflowing house. It was, in the highest sense, an artistic treat. Tho principal singers were in good voico, and Signora Zenoni, Signora Coy, and Miss Chambers acquitted themselves admirably. Tho latter particularly was desorving of applause, of which the audience was not sparing throughout the - evening. Mose in Egitto was performed on Monday evening, Signor Dondi assuming tho leading part formerly taken with so much success by Signor Susini. On Wednesday the new opera of Poliuto, by Donizetti, was per formed for tho first time in Melbourne, and the result was a most unqualified success. Recall followed recall both during the acts and after them, and the repetition of two of the grandest passages in tho work was insisted on. Tho plot of the opera, is interesting, and affords fine scope both for musical and spectacular effects. The events are connected with the persecution of the Christians in the timo of Decius, early in the middle of the third contury a.d., and the scene is laid in the city and environs of Mitylene, the capital of the Roman province of Armenia, at tho timo when Severus was pro-consul, Felix governor, Callisthenes high priest of Jupiter, and Folyeuctes magistrate of the city. Tho persecution of the Chris tians was being vigorously carried on, and a band of them, under Nearcho, were prose cuting their worship in the caves near tho city. Paolina, the daughter of Felice, the tovernor, had been apparently betrothed to evero, the pro-consul, but on the suppo sition that he had been killed in battle, she has been married to Poliuto the magistrate. Tho latter has, however, joined in secret a band of Christians under his friend Ncarco. CaUistene, the priest, suspecting him of this, endeavored to procure his destruction by arousing hia jealousy against his wife, and this jealouBy receives confirmation at a meet ing between Paolina and Severe after the sudden return of the pro-consul. Poliuto re nounces his wife with great indignation. An edict having been proclaimed that death should be awarded to any ono endeavoring to make converts to the new religion, Nearco is seized and placed on his trial for tho offence of having made a neophyte a few evenings previously ; but ho refuses to confess, and in order to save him from destruction Poliuto announces himself as the neophyte. He is then sent to prison with Nearco, and both are condemned to the arena. After Poliuto has indignantly spurned his wife for her intercession on his behalf with her former lover, the pro-consul Callistepe revels in the delight of the sacri- fices that are to follow. ' Paolina, overcome by the indomitable courage of Poliuto, ac knowledges her belief in Christianity, and is likewise condemned. Severe attempts to Btab himself, but is prevented by his guards, and tho chorus of Christians is heard glori fying God, and thus concluding the opera. Mr. Summers's third concert on Saturday evening was in every respect highly success- ful, as tho attendance was very large, and the whole performance was such as to secure the unqualified approval of the audience. The giver of the concert was assisted by Miss St. Clair, Miss Bassett, Mrs. Fulton, Mrs. Slack, Mr. Hollam, and a band of harps, under the conduct of Mr. Zeplin. This last item, both from its novelty ana its excellence, proved quite a hit, and tho two principal items in which they took part were encored. Mrs. Fulton and Mr. Hallam were very successful, in their selec tions, and Miss St. Clair passably so. lhe most attractive items were Mr. Summers's organ solos, and those who were present and acquainted with the organist's style, must have been impressed with the far greater than usual taste and finish he displayed. In part of Mendelssohn's Imperial Sonata, and in the overtures to Tancredi and the Bronze Horse, he was so uniformly good that his standing as an organ soloist is much streng thened by his Saturday evening's perfor mance. The only weak point in the evening was that tho piano accompaniments were very dofective, Mr. Hallain, in particular, seemed to feel this drawback. Mr. Smith's English and Continental Combination at the Princess Theatre has lost nothing of its popularity. The houso is crowded nightly, and a judicious cliaugc in the programme on Saturday ovening last showed satisfactorily the resources which tho compauy have at command. Airec's feat of walking head downwards is something truly sensational. Tlio ventriloquism of Val Voso is most amusing ; while the singing and dancing renders the entertainment very at tractive to those who prefer this class of amusement, Mr. Fairclough is at present filling an engagement at tho Victoria Theatre in Sydney, and has been producing a round of Shakspearian characters, in nearly all of which he appears to have hit the taste of the public. The_ press, though speaking guardedly about his performance of Hamlet, yot gives Mr. Fairclough considerable credit for ability, careful study, and intelligence. Mr. Carden has been playing the Ghost, and Miss Dolly Green Ophelia. At Adelaido Mrs. Bates and tho Theatre Royal contin gent have been astonishing playgoers. They have been performing tho moro noticeable pieces constituting Mrs. Bates's repertoire, including Camille, Frou Frou, East Lynno, Fanchon, &c.; She is supported by Mr. Bates, who does not seem to be up to tho mark in the majority of the characters as sumed. It does not require any great amount of critical acumen to discover this, Howover the houses are paying, and now that Christmas is approaching doubtlesB theatrical affairs will improvo rather Hum otherwise. 