DECLINE OF THE INFLUENCE OF THE PULPIT. A popular writer gives a vivid and painful description of the illness of a young person, the possessor of large settled estates. On one side, the widowed mother in speechless agony hangs over his bed — now catching at every ray of hope — now exaggerating every alarming symptom; on the other, a poor and distant relative next in the entail, watches tv-lwi ajjjjarttuii sympauiiy, aim witn aimost equal interest, tne . course of the fever, and she, too, marks and exaggerates all the alarming phases of disease; So far they are both alike, but the feelings which actuate them are different indeed. The fears of the one are excited by the intensity of natural love j the hopes of the other are awakened by the prospect of the wealth which that frail life alone keeps from her. ? Thus very commonly hope and fear, love and hatred, watch with equal interest, and utter the same prognostications; and the words which head this article, and which we often see and hear elsewhere, may be the expression of the anxieties and sympathies of a warm friend, or of the aspirations of a bitter enemy. There are few of us that have not remarked the words of our great dramatist — few that have not sometimes quoted them — ' Harry, thy wish was father to that thought ; ' while we acknowledge, and are thankful for, the love that views our faults and dangers even through a magnifying ? medium. It matters not so much to us now, however, in what spirit the statement is made, but it surely concerns us to inquire is it true.. The pulpit, we are told, has lost ibs power. Witness the vice and misery — witness the murders and suicides that disgrace our annals — witness the scepticism which, whether in the form of the pride of intellectual doubt, or in the degrading superstition of Spiritism or Fisherism, permeates , our society — witness the triumphant issue of the measure for purely secular education, carried in defiance of almost every pulpit in the colony. We ask, however, what do those witnesses prove? And the answer is, first, that the pulpit exercises no influence over those who never come within reach of it ; and, secondly, that the influence it does exercise is not direct and constraining ; but these witnesses prove no more. In order to judge of the decline or efficiency of the power of the pulpit, we must inquire what He, in whose name the preacher stands up, gave us to expect would be the result of the effort, and also what have been the results in time past. Now, in the commission given to St. Paul, the object of his mission is distinctly stated to be, ' To turn them' [the Gentiles] ' from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God.' If this Scripture stood alone, we might, perhaps, join in the cry of the world, and say, the gospel has, indeed, failed to accomplish its pur pose. There is, however, a wide distinction between the object ultimately to be effected, and the result to be obtained, by any one individual effort, or in any given space of time. Every man who is engaged to use a shovel or a pickaxe on the railway now in progress, is engaged to assist in making a railway to Wangaratta ; but he is not expected to accom plish the works ; and it is so utterly vain to speculate as to who will put in the last spade, or empty the last wheel barrow, that the mere mention of the question seems absurd; and, could we forget the lessons of experience, the contrast between the digging of those clods and the upsetting of those wheelbarrows, with the smooth and rapid roll of the train as it glides in grandeur past us, is so great, that to suppose any connection between them, still more to suppose the one necessary to the other, would appear ridiculous in the ' extreme. Yet it is by the obscure working of those spades that the way for the progress of the wondrous steam train is prepared. So it is with the humble and despised labourers, who have heard the voice of God saying to them, ' Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a high way for our God.' ' Prepare ye the way of the people ; cast up, cast up the highway.' We know not who shall see the day of triumph, but the Master has said, ' Your labour is not in vain in the Lord.' To whom did the apostle announce the ultimate object of his glorious mission — to the mocking Festus and the half-believing Agrippa. We do not find that one in the assembly that listened to his tale of wonder received any spiritual benefit, nor are we told that any of the two hundred and seventy six who heard his prophecies, and witnessed his daily bearing in the tempest, and whose lives were saved for his sake, or one of the islanders who flocked to him for healing, and tendered their grateful homage for the physical benefits they had received, was really turned to God. When at last he gathered together an inquiring audience, the result, as regards their hearts, led him to say, 'Well spake the Holy Ghost, by Esaias the prophet, unto our fathers, saying, Go unto this people and say, Hearing ye shall hear and not understand, and seeing ye shall see and not perceive.' What beautiful essays might then have been written on ' the decline of pulpit power '! The ultimate object of preaching is to prepaid the way of the Lord, as He has said, ' This gospel shall be preached for a witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come.' Its immediate object is the bringing out from the world of individual souls, as St. James says, 'to take out of them a /people for .His name.' » When we hear of a decline we must ask since when? The eloquence of the Gallican Church reached its height in the reign of Louis XIV., and what did it accomplish, or what was accomplished by the powerful preachers in the Court- of Charles II.? In the last century, indeed, the preaching of Whitfield and the two Wesleys produced results to which we see no parallel now; but the reason is obvious. The pulpits of England were then filled by men whom Bishop Horsley too justly designated as ' the apes of Epictetus,' and the simple gospel proclaimed with earnest ness and zeal was a thing new to the people — astonishing and affecting. In thousands (might we not say ten thousands'?) of pulpits, that gospel is now proclaimed, with the same clearness, faithfulness, and zeal, with which those men of God proclaimed it ; and are we to conclude that because no one wonders, no one is startled, that therefore no one is benefited 1 All experience teaches the reverse. When the air is rarefied, so that there is an insufficient supply in the region where we dwell, or in the regions beyond it, the denser air rushes in to fill the vacuum, and we hear the noise of the tempest, and see the stateliest trees bow to its force; but on the day when the air is widely and equally dispersed, we hear no sound, we see no evidence of power — but there it is, the great dispenser of life to all around. The very fact that the influence of the pulpit is not convul sive, and therefore does not force itself upon the attention of the thoughtless, is one of the (not numerous) favourable symptoms of the age we live in. It is a very curious fact that the cry should be raised that the chui'ch has lost her influence, just at the time when men's minds are stirred to their depths about religious questions; when churches are being built in all directions; when fabulous sunis are spent in the ornamentation of churches,. so that many are shocked at the excess in this respect; when young commoners of the highest class, and old noblemen, are preaching in our halls or theatres; when Church Congresses in England, and Church Synods in Ireland, command the ardent services of the highest in. the land, and excite the enthusiastic interest of all classes ; when the' fact of the vast sums lavished on missions to foreign lands is brought up by the ungodly as a reproach, as if indicating no attention to home duties; when those, against whom this reproach is hurled, are foremost in every effort for the temporal as well as spiritual good of those around them. And yet it is not so curious as it appears. If the church were indeed declining, her friends would be wrappeci m apawiy, ana iier enemies wouiu ue -xs quieu as a, sportsman in presence of his quarry ; but because she is alive and awake, her friends see every want and every danger, and her enemas feel it necessary to be loud in declarations that may encourage them and discourage her. It is true, scepticism pervades the public mind, the periodic press, and even the chairs of philosophy, to an extent it has not done for the last 120 years — but there are two causes, each sufficient in themselves, to account for this. Every one now is expected to have a religion, and to be able to defend the religion he professes — and it is much easier to express a doubt than to defend a creed. The mass, therefore, of stolid ignorance, that sheltered itself under the respect for sacred things that regarded them as unfit for discussion, now finds in doubt a shelter more suited to the age. Again, in the dullness and indifference of former times, a man might be a professing Christian and yet steeped in vice. No one could go much further in that respect than poor Savage, and yet it was of him, if we mistake not, Ufc/XlaJJliy Ul ESUlXlO UI1O UX UJUO ISiUUC lLlUlttl is UiftllUOiX U, Vixav Johnson said, ' That man is not without right principles. He never passes a church without taking off his hat.' This will not pass in the present day; the despised pulpit has made it impossible. Therefore to silence the reproach of friends, and to stifle, if possible, the reproaches of conscience, the man who loves the ways of sin must ' have doubts.' We have thought right to enter on this subject not in the way of advice, but of vindication. The minister of the gospel has discouragements enough under the most favour able circumsfcances ; but to be told that he is embarked in a falling cause, that his most careful and prayerful prepara tion for his work is of no avail, that his congregations attend ! through habit and listen with weariness — this indeed is 1 enough to make the hands hang down and the knees faint. But let him not be discouraged. The old cry, ' What will this babbler say ?' will still be raised, but let him rest assured that even now it pleases God, as it pleased Him of old, '?' by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe ;' that now, as of old, the gospel is ' the ministration of the spirit;' and that the present apparently unsuccessful labourer, if he be faithful, is preparing the way for his Master's return, and accomplishing a purpose, the end of which we cannot see, and the glory of which no human mind can compre hend. 