CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. TUESDAY, APRIL 22. 5!lie annual session commenced to-day. At 11 o'clock the members, lay and clerical, attended holy Communion at St. John's Church, after which tliey repaired to the Public Library, which Jiad been granted for the occasion, aud which had been suitably prepared; - Atthe«n&- of the large " tables a dais hftd been placed for the President's chair, and accommodation was provided for the members and visitors, the latter consisting principally of ladies. The Right Rev. the President having taken the chair, the Synod was opened by the usual prayers, his Lordship officiating. THE ROLL. The Secretary, Rev. A. Davenport, by desire of the President, called the roll. The following lay and clerical members either answered to their names or appeared at a subsequent part of the meeting :— The Dean (Rev. F. fl. Cox), Revs. Canon Davenport, Canon Bromby, H. W. Adams. (The name of the Rev. E. Freeman was called, but the Bishop said Sir Freeman had not been summoned, having ceased to hold his Lordship's licence.) The Archdeacon (Rev. W. II. Browne), Revs. Canon Brownrigg, Barkway, Wayn, Mason, Arthur, Adams, E. P. Adams, Brooke, Irwin (Rural Dean), Mitchell, Brome, Stackhouse, Bailey, Galor, R. Smith, Williams, Messrs. R. Green, Tevelein, Dumaresq, C. Arthur, Easton, Solly, Home, Turner, Coulson, Campion, G. Collins, Sliarland, T. Stevens. Those lay members who had not subscribed the roll were desired to do so. NOTICES. The Secretary gave notice to move that Mr R. Green be appointed to act as Chairman of Committees during the session. Also, that Messrs. Lovett and Browne do examine the debentures on behalf of the Synod. Mr Green to move (when report of Northern Finance Committee should be under consideration) that the financial year commence ou the 1st January instead of 1st July, that the estimates be passed for six months, and that the next balance sheets be made out for the eighteen months from 1st July, 1872, to 31st December, 1873 Canon Brownrigg to move that tlie Bishop be requested to hold one of every three sessions of the Synod in Launceston. REPORT. The Secretary tabled the report of a committee appointed to see after the interests of the Hobart Town Branch of tlie Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. REV. H. P. KANE. The Secretary read a letter from the Rev H. P. Kane, late assistant Secretary to the Synod, resigning office on his leaving the colony for Victoria. The letter was received. MISCELLANEOUS. The Secretary tabled a return of the manner in which the interest on debentures had been disposed of, which was ordered to be prmted with the records of the session. Statistics of the diocese. Received, aud ordered to be printed. Memoranda of the Synod expences received, and summary of receipts and payments on account of printing for the Synod. Received and ordered to be printed with records of the session. 1TT., , Report of the Trustees of the Widow aud Orphan Fund. Received, aud ordered to be P l Reports and estimates of the Southern and Northern Finance Committees. To be printed. Report of the Select Committee appointed to draw up instructions for the guidance of Synod. To be printed. . . Report of Select Committee on Christ s College. To be printed. The Archdeacon of Launceston presented returns from Archdeacon Davies, and several •eturns of visitations and clergymen receiving aid for special services. Also report of the ' Rural Dean of his services on the Coast, and a report of Canon Brownrigg on his visit to the ^TheDean tabled the report of Select Committee appointed to confer with certain churches on the subject of Union. Also report of Select Committee appomted te give effect to certain recommendations as to tlio Church Endowment Fund. To be printed. Also report of Select Committee as to the appointment of a clergyman to the See of Tasmania in the case of a vacancy. To be printed. Also proposed regulations for the government of the Cathedral. HOURS OF SESSION. The Rev. Secretary moved that the Spied meet daily at 2.30 p.m., with an adjournment at six o'clock for one hour. The Archdeacon moved as an amendment that the meetings be from 10'30 a.m. to C p.m., with an intervening adjournment. Canon Hales seconded the amendment. The amendment was put and negatived, and the original motion passed, an exception to be made to-day, the afternoon meeting to be at 3-30. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. His Lordship then delivered his inaugural address as follows :— MY BRETHREN OF THE CLERGY AND LAITY, General Provincial Synod.—We meet on this occasion under circumstances of more than ordinary interest. An unusual degree of responsibility will rest upon our deliberations, upon subjects which will take a wider range than those of a merely Diocesan character, to which hitherto our attention has been almost exclusively confined. Tlie necessity of a fuller development of church organisation through a Provincial Synod, which should be to the whole Anglican Communion exactly what each Diocesan Synod should be to each separate diocese, has been gradually forcing itself upon the minds of all thoughtful members of the church. Sum- moned by theme tropolitkn bishop of ^Sydney, the several bishops and representativedergy and laity met in general Synod ih' the month' of October last. The result of its labors was- to agree to the adoption of a " Constitution " and to -certain provisional legislative acts. As these determinations of the General Provincial Synod will be inoperative in any diocese, until such diocese has accepted them through its Synod it should form a principal part of the business' of this session to consider the propriety of accepting and appropriating them. According to the principles of ecclesiastical government adopted by the primitive church, it was the duty of the Provincial Synod to promulgate laws of inter-provincial interest, which were binding upon the various dioceseB. As, however, in order of time, the diocese has in these colonies been called into existence before the province, it was thought more desirable, and more likely to produce unanimity, to make no resolution binding, even though it proceeds from a higher authority, until the diocese had had the opportunity of discussing and, as it is hoped, accepting it. The General Synod did not meddle with any matter which did not appear to it of primary and fundamental importance. There will be four subjects submitted by the General Provincial Synod to your notice. " The constitution of the General Synod," and three " determinations ;" one containing "rules for the confirmation and consecration of bishops, and for the election of primates ;" a second containing " resolutions for the constitution of an appellate tribunal;" and a third containing "resolutions for the constitution of a Board of Missions in the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania." 1 do not apprehend that the Synod of this diocese will have any difficulty in following the example of other Synods which have met since the General Synod sat at Sydney, and accepting these determinations, which were arrived at after long and most careful consideration and unanimous approval. It is right that 1 should record with what concord, goodwill, aud Christian kindness the deliberations of that first and large conference were conducted. Li an assembly called upon to lay down rules for the united action of the whole Anglican Communion in Australia, at a transitional epoch when the relations with the mother church were but illdefined or ill-understood, it was to be expected that considerable allowance would have to be made for different opinions and sympathies. The conservative element, which could not bear to contemplate any other theory but that of an integral identity between the English and Colonial Church, may or may not have been the predominant one, but most happily the effort was never made on this or other questions to test the numerical strength of parties, but to combine aud consolidate it for the general good. For my part 1 held then, as I hold still, and I think the Tasmanian representatives generally held, the opinion that, on grounds of ecclesiastical precedent, as well as for motives of ecclesiastical freedom, the position that the colonial dioceses stand in the relation of independent daughter churches is the most tenable, but they also held that the occasion did not justify more than to enforce the arguments upon which the opinion was founded. We adopted, after long and anxious deliberations, the title of the Synod as it now stands, but, lest any unfair inference should in after times be drawn from the adoption of such title, I moved a resolution which, had it been carried, would have had tlie double effect of implying our separate independence on the one hand, and our fixed determination on the other to use that independence by writing it upon the very front of our constitution, that we would abide by those prin ciples of doctrine and discipline which characterised the mother church and form the only true basis of union and communion. Believing, as I did, that the theory of an integral and more mechanical union will sooner or later be pronounced untenable, I felt that a resolution like that which I proposed may with propriety be introduced hereafter. 1 was induced to withdraw it then for the sake of unanimity, and in the full expectation that juster views of our relation to the mother church will eventually prevail. When that time arrives, the loss will be felt of such an assertion of an abiding union written on our very constitution. Such an affirmation would have saved the Irish Church much of its trouble and perplexity, and protected the Archbishop who presided at its Synods from insults, which were meekly borne in the discharge of very difficult duties. There are also practical difficulties and inconveniences wliich it seems to me are inseparable from the abnegation of our true position as an independent and mature daughter of the mother church at home. We have au example of such inconvenience in bur relation to the " Act of Uniformity." Even the church at home has felt the great practical inconvenience arising from being tied to a machinery constructed in reference to a condition of things which to a great extent no longer exists. The connexion with the State has hitherto made the application of any remedy so difficult that, notwithstanding the penalties of the Act, rigid uniformity has been found, impossible even in England, and daily acts of defiance have been practically justified. Such conformity is still more impracticable in the colonies, and it has seemed to be unwise to bind the colonial churches, disestablished and unindebted to the State, by the same fetters, for the sake of a fiction or a sentiment. The Act of Uniformity is part of a legal machinery which, however clumsy aud antiquated, fetters the action and liberty of the church in England, and to say the least it does seem hard and unfortunate that we should be subject to the accidents of a system wliich, without conferring corresponding advantages, entails upon us the consequences of antiquated legislation.'-Alnother great ""feature* -of that -important assembly" was the absolute absence>bf< ^JVpartystrife. It was bent upon"' honoring each other's views and advancing _ the common good: Composed of the ten bishops and of chosen representatives of the clergy and laity from every diocese in Australia, such a result was to be expected from it, and I trust the influence will be reflected in every dioceBe. Christian bodies and the public press did themselves honor by paying their tribute of respect to the spirit which distinguished all its delicate deliberations. There will always be like opportunities among ourselves for following the same laws of Christian courtesy without sacrificing principle. We live in an age "indeed remarkable for intellectual energy. The clergy no«v insist upon the right to think for themselves. The consequence is a greater diversity of opinion than formerly, and a more violent strain upon the standards that restrict the exercise of private judgment. So long as men subscribe the standards of their church, even when they do verge sometimes towards extremes in their interpretation of them, it is belter to trust to the power of further reflection and study, and to their contact with men of soberer views, and above all, to the teaching of the Holy Spirit. It is my happiness to believe that none of our own clergy desire to go beyond the limits prescribed by tlie Book of Common Prayer. It is, however, one thing to transgress those limits, and another to demand that they be liberally interpreted. The late judgment, "for instance, of the Privy Council has plainly declared that "It is not lawful for a clergyman to teach that the sacrifice or offering of Christ upon the Cross, or the redemption, propitiation, or satisfaction wrought by it, is, or can be, repeated in the Lord's Supper." I should blame any one who used language in regard to tlie Eucharist, which im- plied trilling with their responsibilities as clergymen of the reformed English Church, while I am ready to stand by those who only seek to surround the Sacrament with due reverence, and to rescue it from the slight and neglect wijh which a careless generation has treated it. Such a course is necessary when we remember that superstition which is apt to break out in one age is but the re-action of irreverence in another. The Church''s Comprehension.—Appeals have been made lately more than once to the law at home for the repression of great extravagance in ritual and doctrine. The result simply shows that such things had better be left to the growth of public opinion, which is liable to be retarded in this freer age' by every attempt to exercise coercive force. The judgments, however, of the Privy Council when once appealed to, for the interpretation of the law, even if they are not binding upon ourselves in the colonies, ought to possess a strong moral-containing power, whether in one direction or another. When I look round this diocese and compare it with surrounding ones, or those at home, the tendencies to extremes do not lie in one particular direction, as is proved to me by the character of the only two complaints wliich I have received from congregations during the- past year. But in these cases, as well as others, I do not encourage appeals to law when ministerial but mistaken earnestness has produced the evils complained of. I would rather trust to that higher condition of soul which should make all truth loving men,not to ask themselves whether they can contrive just to keep within the reach of the law, but to take the higher ground, that they are "not without law to God, but under the law to Christ." For my part, I feel that if we need the pains or threats of any other law than this, and if such law can be enforced, we need it to stir up men who have bound themselves by tlie most solemn of all vows to shake off sloth, and to arm their people against the active powers of moral evil that are working around us, "instant in season (on Sundays), out of season" (in week-days), avoiding as much as possible all secular employments whatever, until they become a power in the day and Sunday schools, among the young men who have left school, and in every household of the parish, as they take a prominent part in every effort for the restraining of intemperance, and other social evils, and promoting the temporal and spiritual welfare of the whole district. I believe that this diocese can point to as many examples of pastoral faithfulness as any other, but I cannot hide from myself that there is a terrible loss of influence in some localities arising in some cases from advanced age, after the heat and burden of the day, and in other cases from an imperfect appreciation of the great purposes of the Christian ministry. If we could devise means, without any arbitrary despotism or unnecessary hardship, for the removal or correction of such hindrance to the church's work, our Synodical action would Indeed be a blessing to the church and to the land. In making these statements, 1 am anxious to impress upon the Synod the duty of devoting itself to administrative and practical duties, and not judicial ones, for which it ha® made, when necessary, sufficient provision, l^1 me once and for all distinctly state that I a™ fully alive to the duty of checking the g 1 ?"?" of principles which we have, as a church, at tlie Reformation, once and for all disavowed, owned, and rejected. But this duty must discharged not only firmly but discriminateiy- Much undeserved injury may accrue from eicouraging the use of disparaging terms n* " ritualistic," of. which those that use them can give no definition to themstlveia. With men it would be sufficient to damage anyprac"^ however innocent, to hear it nick-named rop 16 0r ritualistic. But what is Ritualism properly 60-caJled ? That only is Ritualism, in any offensive sense, vrhich seeks to express sentiments in outward form which are not Anglican but Roman. But to introduce a more cheerful and ornate tone into our public services, to revive the observation of the fasts and festivals which are actually prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, to multiply tlie opportunities of Holy Communion or daily prayer, to preach in a surplice instead of an academic cown, are no marks of Ritualism, but of a lawful ritual—lawful, if not always desirable. Nor is the adoption of the practice of clianting the Psalms, or the use of-a surpliced choir, or of a choral service a mark of Ritualism; nor are they objectionable, provided that the reasonable prejudices and scruples of the congregation are first consulted and respected. But to revive practice of a pre-Reformation character, and especially those that have been pronounced by competent authority to be illegal—as for instance, to UBe lighted candles except for the purpose of light or convenience, though the symbol be shown to be ever so simple and innocent or ancient; to revive the use of eucliaristic vestments and other unrecognised accessories, against the voice of authority — these are parts of an unlawful ritual, which we understand by Ritualism, and their adoption (to say nothing of the suspicious habit of speaking disparagingly of the Articles and of the Fathers of the Reformation, as some have done) will receive not only no encouragement from myself, but the most resolute opposition. And this, not only because they would be abhorrent from my own personal tastes and love of simplicity, but because our reformed branch of the church rejected them, believing them to be what over-dress is to the body, cumbersome tilings and hurtful to the health. What then is my aim as the Bishop of the Diocese? It is not to encourage men of extreme views, but to keep the diocese as I am bound to do, as comprehensive, in regard to ecclesiastical sympathies as is the church from which we spring. My desire is to extend the protection of authority to all sincere working clergy. I must not at any time consent to sacrifice such men, to whatever section or party they are attached, to the cry of an opposite one. Men, on the one hand, holding very undefined church principles, are tolerated amongst us, and men who think it to be their duty to enforce stricter ones on their flocks have also upon every principle of justice a claim to be tolerated by their Bishop, however little their views may coincide with his own. The colonial church needs, in this day of apathy and supineness, men who will raise over the land a lofty standard, of self-devotion, and who shall be a credit to tlieir church amidst a free and enlightened people, if such devotion is unhappily associated, either here or elsewhere, with some extreme views, what is the most effectual remedy? It is to imitate their zeal, and in order to show our confidence in our own principles before the eyes of our people, to exhibit the same life and vigor that they do. There is much work to be done, and but little tune for doing it. My reverend brethren, the Bishop can exhort, but he cannot enforce, spiritual faithfulness, beyond the most perfunctory limits. Not at the bidding of the Bishop, nor at the solicitation of the flock, can true and energetic fidelity be secured ; but only at the high call of duty and conscierc3, without hope of recompense, unless it be at the resurrection of the just. Sunday schools, day ichools, night schools, benefit clubs, cottage lectures, district visiting societies, penny readings, working men's clubs, coal and clotliin" clubs, more or less of such multiform machinery, according to the peculiarities of each parish, will mark the presence of a man in earnest, into whose spirit a true sense of pastoral responsibility has sunk. I am no advocate of " rationalism or "ritualism." I regard the one as the contempt, the other as the exaggeration of the external framework of Christianity. I look upon both as real and mischievous evils, but a greater evil than either is the apathy and careessness of both priest and people ; men spirity dead, speaking to dead congregations amid a people outside passing into eternity, with no man caring for their souls." I love the Uiurch of England to which I belong because « itsi breadth and charity. Her warnings are f . t ! le notes o£ intolerance, but cautions against extremes. She raises her voice against we superstitious additions of Rome, and against ° r h S c r e e d of semi-infidelity, more subtle and dangerous still. She has no symof :r i h ,. those w h o claim *he awful right ol infallibility, nor yet with those who, by rejecting the authority of the church as a etii ' Would r e d u c e Christianity to a code of ClV,,?', a strin S of sentiments. The great yilurch Congress held at Leeds, our own con- Sv» f • a t Sydney, the various Diocesan on , m En S land a n d Inland (that in Dublin c Z (? Xce pted), show that it is possible for si vf.i • " len > ^tt 10114 laying aside their own ar- rpp % \ ews ' to s e e k f or common ground of a n . d ' W necessary, to urge their views harm,™ °" e n slven e6s or the sacrifice of Christian in' 1 ' 10 1 Above all, I rejoice in the senti- Can t * which ^ m his ^austive charge, in to vpL £ P rmcl P lea I have given utterance hii ./ e a r are confirmed by his Grace's dencv^ ty ; E x t r e m e men of either tenbut ;i" / no $ satisfied with such utterances, The YL- i k e a r f c of tlle church will rejoice, groundT* g ress , of England lias made it a has been+l C011g^tulation tllat influence those broad and reasonable l i S 0 8 * hlCh havo for some years been ^cmbeL nffi Wa ? a ® oa g tlle more intelligent £ot shrink the f^cli that while he « does , m n k from letting it be seen that his own i convictions he in the direction of the broader school, represented by such men as Whateley, Arnold, and Maurice; yet as a Bishop, he knows how to deal considerately with antagonistic P&rcies.; Diocesan Qnestw,is.~There are two or three subjects of more strictly diocesan interest, on which I wish to offer some remarks. The first is the overtures of union with other Christian bodies, suggested by the report of your select committee. Two principles influence my own mind. One is ail earnest desire to merge our diflerences into an organic union of church fellowship and action; the other is, a desire to honor the work done by others for our common .Lord, whether by those who justify to their consciences their separation from the Church of Jingland, or those who see not their way yet to re-union. On such a subject 1 wish to speak honestly and deferentially. I must plainly say that I have no attraction towards any union, which simply means a community kept together by some common dislike or antagonism. Again, I can feel 110 attachment to any union which wages war, under the flag of a political Protestantism, against the principles of freedom or the right of private juc.gmenf Nor can I sympathise with any union which starts from the axiom that the points of difference which separate Protestant denominations are of little value, for if they do involve principles of conscience, they are not to be lightly regarded, and if they do not, they who make them occasions of separation are guilty of the sin of schism. But I should highly value any union which was organic and real, founded upon a more comprehensive basis, which made avlicles of agreement more elastic and left a freer play for individual diversities. 1 think that I see a great liberty both of thought and action m the pages of the New Testament, but such liberty as is there sanctioned is used not for the multiplication of sects, but for the building up of the body of Christ and for the making it more solid and compact. Such a union would produce a powerful effect upon home and foreign missions which no merely sentimental union can ever do ; the working classes, now estranged from Christianity, would say of Christ's Church what once they said of himself, " He speaketh with authority;" tliat excuse, often only an excuse, would be taken from infidelity, " we will listen to you, as soon as you have settled your own differences," and at the same time we should escape that vast and deplorable waste of power and confusion of adminis- tration which is the ruin and shame of our common Christianity. With every wish to remove impediments to a better mutual understanding produced by our present isolation and distrust, it would not consist with our faithfulness, as churchmen, to take any steps which will compromise us in the eyes of other branches of the Anglican Church, or which bear the possible interpretation that we think our schisms and separations are unimportant matters. Apart from the larger question, whether or not the Divine founder of Christianity made positive provision for the outward organization of His church, as laid down in the Pastoral Epistles and accepted by the early church as of divine appointment, which might be left an open question, there are evils of a practical character, which no sentimental desire of union should lead us to overlool- or undervalue. I am glad to be able to give the following extract from their own recognised organ as a witness to the dissatisfaction with which the Wesleyan body regard the tendency of the age to endless subdivision :—"The large number of branches into which the religious life of the country is divided must cause a great waste of power, and sadly hinder success. It is not beyond the bounds of hope that some method may yet be discovered of re- uniting, if not in one organised system, at least in one happy family, the scattered proportion of the great Methodist movement." When this devout wish is realised, why may we not hope that where there is identity of doctrine, attached, it may be, to a superior system of discipline, they may regard with , in tlle strictest accordance with Wesley's own principles', the overtures of an organic union, considering the high interests which it involves. But one thing is certain, that whatever has been revealed to us, whether in discipline or doctrine, is equally binding upon the conscience of a church. The only question is what has been revealed ? We must not, on our part, either expressly or by implication, for the sake of a spurious liberality, sacrifice or maim our episcopal constitution. Nor may we surrender any portion of Catholic truth, for which our Reformed Church lias been raised by God to be a standing witness. For this purpose we dare not degrade the Sacraments from their true dignity and place in the Church's worship ; nor must we weaken any divinely given function of the ministry which we have received. But in saying this, I do not say that the language of Church Standards and Church Articles ought never to be re-examined or re-cast in order to suit the days in which we live. While the truth which they were designed to embody must be adhered to, and the principles which they were intended to express must be accepted as a satisfactory compromise among different schools of thought existing at the time, it is quite possible that such truths may be expressed in language and re-cast m a mould more in unison with present lines of thought, without sacrificing the living ideas which underlie them. I think that such changes may and will be made the interests of re-union. Eut if it r J!°K g ra ? lted yet to the torn Body ?[ Christto be healed, let us at least not tear the Spirit by any un-Christian jealousies or hatreds. Lacking yet the conditions of a more' perfect and corporate union, we may honor each other s work; we may unite in all efforts of practical philanthropy ; and we may avoid, as much as possible, the tendency to strife and bitterness which schism tends to provoke in our fallen nature. Let us then take a wide and faithful survey of our position as churchmen. I see in the history of the church, beginning with the inspired Volume and its Head, set up a spiritual kingdom, investing it with spiritual gifts and powers of discipline for the protection of the faith and for the preservation of its unity. I see,however,on the other hand tliat God's grace is not restrained, and His Spirit refuses to be bound, and so I am driven to the conclusion that, while I must honor, as brethren, all who love our common Lord in sincerity, I can hold no sympathy with that feeble and faltering churclimanship which betrays a low estimate of our privileges as au episcopal brauch of the church catholic ; and by substituting an ideal catholicity, unknown to the early church, would tread down the fences that surround us. If our principles, derived from apostolic ages, are worth maintaining, let them be maintained, without one tinge of bitterness, but with all unflinching earnestness. If we, my brethren, who take part in the holy ministry, would not minister in a cold and lifeless church, let us contend earnestly, not only for the faith, "once for all delivered," but for "the form of sound words" as well. If it can be proved that the forms of a church government be immaterial, let it be proved. But if we believe, as our fathers believed, that our church arose from the institution of Christ, and those whom He commissioned, the voice of the early church being our witness, let us thankfully receive and resolutely maintain that privilege, and faithfully hand it down to our children. The great outlines of faith and doctrine, the sacraments and the government of the church, we believe (and our belief is not yet shaken) to have been fixed and settled; aud without breaking the law of Christian charity we should faithfully abide by them, and we should manfully assert them, while we honor and respect those who differ from us. From this purpose let not the laxity of the age, nor the spirit of prevailing liberality, nor the development of modern indifference ever move us. The past, as well as the future, requires of us that we hold with tolerance the simple but distinctive princinles that we believe to be inalienable. May this diocese of Tasmania have grace given to it to shew forth an example of blended toleration and fidelity; toleration towards the principles of other men without sacrificing our own. If within these limits we can find opportunity to cultivate, as I think we cau, a closer union, and to combine practically in the furtherance of our common work, let us thankfully embrace it. New Cathedral.—A delay has occurred in the consecration of the new Cathedral, partly in consequents of the non-arrival of some of the memorial windows. The delay, however, is so far not unfortunate, that an opportunity will be given for such new legislation as will define more distinctly its future character and constitution. It will be in your recollection that I was anxious to follow the example of the Sydney diocese and place the nomination of the Chapter not in the hands of the Bishop exclusively, but in those of the Synod. I also proposed that half of the lay members should be chosen after the manner of churchwardens, i.e., as representatives of the congregation, so far departing from the Sydney model, which keeps the nomination of the whole six lay-members in its own hands. My object in making this proposal was to meet, more liberally than at Sydney, the case of the Cathedral to which there was still assigned a parochial district, and so long as such district shall continue to be assigned. It was assumed, however, that the Act regulating the appointment and duties of churchwardens, would be repealed in respect of the Cathedral. It never could have been contemplated to create an imperium in imperio, one body governing the church as a parish cliurcli, the other governing it as a cathedral. My design in making this proposal, and I believe the design of the Synod in accepting it, was to place the control of the cathedral in one executive, in which the congregation slwll be fairly and fully represented by a fourfold voice. The dean, who has the cure of souls within the assigned ecclesiastical district, and three officers appointed by him and the congregation, will, in fact, form the really working element of the Chapter, and they, together with the Canons (to whom will be allotted occasional functions as preachers), will form the great majority upon all special occasions. I cannot see that there is any necessity for any collateral governing body whether incumbent separate from the Dean, or churchwardens separate from the Chapter. The Sydney solution is the wise and only practical one. The Dean is there ex officio, the oflicer in charge of the ecclesiastical district. St. Andrew's is a simple cathedral church—the church of the whole diocese. The Sydney plan differs from our own in two .particulars. First, at Sydney, the Bishop is, according to the primitive design, at the head of the Chapter, and the Dean only m his absence. Secondly, at Sydney the ecclesiastical district and the congregation are not represented in the Chapter, nor is there any separate parochial government. I do not see . a ny interests can suffer by adopting the mam principles of the Sydney scheme. There are no rights peculiar to the parish, any more than at Sydney; nor will the support of the services be carried on at the expense of any parochial endowment which it is proposed to alienate but from the future offertory, which wiu not come from the parishioners, but the congregation, .gathered, as is sure to be, from tlie wliole town and from strangers. But it may be alleged that the Sydney case differs from our own in that tlie new cathedral is built upon 271 ground attached to old St. David's; but it should be remembered that tlie grant, as well as the small endowment of the glebe, was made bv the Crown at a time when St. David's was the church of the whole diocese, and when it was only not a cathedral because there was yet no Bishop The fear, therefore, of any rights being invaded by the simple plan I propose I cannot but regard as visionary, nor can 1 believe that the present, much less future, congregation will think otherwise when they understand the facts ot tue case. This complicated arrangement of an impermm m imperh has arisen from perhaps a natural misconception of rights pertaining to the present St. David's. It lias no such rights founded upon private endowments, nor has it anyrealsfofwsasa parish church. When St David s Church was constituted a cathedral, it then merged its parochial in itscalhedral character, by the command of the Crown, and by the consent of existing authorities. It was not till 1862, when St. David's had become the cathedral, that the site was conveyed to the Synod trustees as the site of the cathedral church. Moreover, it is only by an act of the Synod that an ecclesiastical district has been assigned and its limits may be extended, curtailed, or altogether dissolved, as the Synod may at any time see fit. And even, were it otherwise, whatever privileges may be supposed to attach te St. David's as a parish church, which I am legally advised are imaginary, could attach only to the fabric, recognised by the existiug consecration deed, and would cease to exist as soon as it was pulled down. But, again, if we assume that those rights can be transferred to a new cathedral, for whose erection funds have been collected as for a cathedral, and not a parish cnurch, is it not possible to meet every claim by the very plan, which I myself proposed, viz., by taking the nomination of three lay- members of the chapter out of the hands of the Synod and placing it in the hands of the members of the congregation, or ecclesiastical district ? But the co-existence of two governing bodies seems to me not only an awkward but very perilous contrivance. The one should merge into the other, and the charge of the fabric and furniture, which the diocese, and not the parish, pays for, should come under the control of the Chapter, in which the congregation is represented by annual election. A parish church may be subject to restrictions from which a cathedral ought to be set free. For instance, it should be open to the public for all ordinances and sacraments and services, in such a way as to suit much larger wants and conveniences than belong to a parish church. To these advantages the mliabitauts of the ecclesiastical district will always have the privilege of a readier access than others. Again, it should present a more complete ideal of the Church's worship in daily prayer and reading of God's Word ; and, above all, it should at all reasonable times be open without distinction and. without reserve to every member of the Church of England within the whole diocese of Tasmania. The Sydney example may easily be followed in these particulars, even though you exclude the Bishop as head of the Chapter, and the plan lias the merit of having been tried and found successful. The co- existence of two governing bodies is sure to lead to strife and confusion, and I do not wish, without at least a protest, to hand down to my successors a system to which I never consciously gave my assent, and which 1 find so .hard to defend. But if the Synod elect to give the force of law to so objectionable apian, it is at least its duty to see that the parochial idea shall not overshadow tlie dioce3an idea by allowing a fluctua^g congregation to be represented twice over, once in the person of churchwardens, and again in that of members of the Chapter. One thing is very clear, that in giving a final shape to the constitution of this governing body, the Synod should follow either the one or the other model faithfully and consistently. If it accept the method adopted in English dioceses, which lias been rejected by the Irish and other disestablished churches, although it may give no place to the Bishop as an integral estate in the Chapter, it should leave to him the rights of " faculty" and of visitation. If it prefer to followthe method adopted at Sydney and Melbourne, where the Bishop is head of the Chapter, or that of the Irish Church, which, as soon as it was disestablished, solved the difficulty by making the Bishop the dean, let us do so consistently. But every true Churchman will object to a republican policy which culls from either system whatever will most weaken the rightful influence of the Bishop. It may be well to place before you the history of St. David's Church, with the view o£ helping the adjustment of any supposed conflicting interests, and of clearing up difficulties in the way of further Legislation. The existing St. David's was consecrated by commission. As a simple church it remained— for a time the only one in the colony—till the creation of the See of Tasmania in 1842. It was not till twenty years later—i.e., in 1862— that the site was conveyed to the trustees of Synod without any restrictions whatever as to parochial rights. In the Royal Letters Patent, it is especiaUy stated that it was selected " for the convenience of its position, and should henceforth become the cathedral church of the See" of the newly-created Bishop and his successors. The words run :—" We do further, by these presents erect, make, ordain, and constitute the said church of St. David's, in Hobart Town, to be the cathedral church and Bishop's See, and do ordain that the whole town of Hobart Town shall henceforth be a city and be called the City of Hobart Town." After which there occur the following words :—" The Bishop shall therein perform all the functions peculiar and appropriate to the office of Bishop within the said cathedral church of St. Davids and the said diocese of Tasmania, and may also by himself, or by the Archdeacon, Vicar-General, or other officers hereinafter mentioned, exercise jurisdiction, spiritual and ecclesiastical, within the said cathedral church, according to the ecclesiastical laws now in force in England. I have so far spoken of the functions o£ the new cathedral in its relation to old St. David's. I •will now speak of the relation of the Bishop to the cathedral. By his letters patent, lie " is to exercise jurisdiction, spiritual and ecclesiastical, within the cathedral church, according to the ecclesiastical laws in force in England." Now •what are these laws 1 The great authority, Burns, says, " a Chapter of a cathedral church consisted of persons ecclesiastical, canons, and prebendaries all subordinate to the Bishop, to whom they are assistants in matters relating to the Church." Again, he says, " the dean, in subordination to the Bishop, to whom they are assistants in matters relating to the Church ;" and again, "the dean, in subordination to the Bishop, was head or governor of the whole society." "The Chapter is so termed by Canonists, such being a kind of head, instituted not only to assist the Bishop, but also, anciently, to rule and govern the diocese in the tnne of vacation." " By degrees (and by degrees, he means as the consequence of the union of the Church with the State and the consequent encroachment of the Crown) the dependence of the dean and chapter on the Bishop and their relations to him became less and less. Nevertheless, they may not alter the ancient and approved usages of their Cburch without the consent of their Bishop, and if they do so, such innovations are declared void by the Canon Law." "Bishops ("it is declared in Canon Law) shall be permanently resident (at their cathedral) to take care of the flock committed to tlieir charge." Lord Coke lays it down :—"Chapters were appointed as council to the Bishop, with whom he is to consult in all cases of difficulty, to which purpose every Bishop habet. cathedram," Stillingfleet, and all eminent Canonists, lay down the same statement, and Burns once more says, "In the beginning of a church it was necessary for a Bishop to have an eye to two things, to set up public worship in the most decent and solemn manner and in the place of greatest resort, and this was the formation of cathedral churches." It was also called, and its primary and fundamental character was " the parish cliurcli of the whole diocese," i.e., a church to wliicli all had the right of access, and of which, in some sense, the Bishop was the incumbent.. From all these quotations you will see how inconsistent were the original views held of the Bishop's position with that now urged as if he were a mere officer of appeal. In England it is the duty of the Bishop, as I have shown, to see that the ancient and approved usages of the cathedral are not altered " without his consent," such innovations being declared void by the Canon Law ; and that the visitatorial powers inherent in his office biud him to "exercise jurisdiction spiritual and ecclesiastical according to the ecclesiastical laws now in force in England." These ecclesiastical laws, you should bear in mind, still apply, as far as tliey are applicable, to the church in this colony, and are only restricted, so far as we have restricted them, by local legislation. This being so, all the powers belonging to the Bishop, as of right of office, unless otherwise defined by any canonical law of our own, remain intact, and it is an error to suppose that he has no prerogative, except such as has been conferred upon him by some express enactment. This power then of general control is inherent in the Bishop's office as "overseer." In all local legislation, whatever limit a Bishop may allow to the exercise of his own jurisdiction, he should be careful always to reserve to himself not only the right of appeal, but the power to check as visitor. Judge Hofman in his "Law of the Church" remarks :— " The ablest anumg the canonists held tliat.no exemption, no custom, no incorporation can possibly exempt any places, regular or secular, from the visitation of Bishops, without the entire destruction of episcopal authority and subordination." I have now done what I can to help you to the settlement of a delicate question, and I trust that you will discuss it without prejudice, and guard against any excitement of feeling. Refusing to look at it as one of passing interest or party dispute, inay we be able to see it in its due proportions, involving permanent foundation principles which distinguish the ancient and apostolic church to which we belong. An attempt has been made to create some prejudice in connection with the temporary arrangements of the Holy Table. It is due to the Synod to say that though Borne slight departure has been, I believe, most innocently made, I should decline to consecrate the new cathedral unless the architect's design be strictly adhered to, or the chapter shall itself recommend any satisfactory deviation from it required by local circumstances unforseen by the architect. Throughout these protracted remarks I have attempted to do full justice to an important principle of episcopal discipline. I have no personal ambition to gratify, no predilections to force upon the Synod. I am actuated by a conscious desire to act faithfully to the principles of the whole Anglican communion, and to hand down to my successors unimpaired what I have myself received. I have endeavoured to master the subject by the help of the highest legal authorities, and consultation with the Prhuate of the province. Alteration of Services.—A proposal has been again made to shorten our public services by the omission of certain prayers and creeds. I sympathise in the main in the objection felt by the venerable Archdeacon of Launceston, while I feel some difficulty in giving liim any hearty support. I think that we should aim at some general uniformity in the Australian church, and it is one of the primary objects of that general Synod which has been lately constituted, as it should be the earnest wish of every churchman that there should be in Australia and Tasmania one solid church, united not only in government doctrine and discipline, but as much as possible in uniformity of worship. The object which is aimed at, should be found in relaxing the stringent terms of the Act of " uniformity," or in determining how far the colonial church bound by it. Meanwhile, our proper duty is to separate those services which liave been unhappily thrown together, to which confusion we owe the repetitions complained of. I agree with the Archdeacon and consider that we are not necessarily bound to adhere strictly to the order adopted in England, but the practical evil complained of is a less evil than that which would accrue from separate "uses" in every Australian diocese. It is not, therefore, a question of right, but of prudence. It will be better to leave it to the discretion of the Bishop to give provisional authority to depart from established custom tlian to prejudice the general question by any hasty action of the Synod, and especially as there is an increasing disposition at home to accommodate the liturgy more perfectly to the wants of the times by greater freedom and elasticity. Church Work.— Since we met last year, have to record but few changes in the pastoral oversight of our parishes. The Rev. Mr Clampet has been compelled to resign his charge of Kingston, in consequence of ill- liealth, and to seek a cure in a warmer colony. His faithful and self-denying devotedness will be long remembered by his flock. We have also lost the services from Green Ponds, of Rev. L. C. Williams, and Rev. E. Symonds from Glenorchy, to whose zeal in both cases in cliurch-building and restoration, their respective parishes are indebted. The Rev. C. P. Greene, who had the temporary charge of Avoca, has returned to Hobart Town. I have happily provided for the immediate wants of these parishes according to a recent resolution of Synod, which requires that vacancies shall not be filled up before a subsequent session. The work of church-building, I am happy to say, is still progressing. The new church at Swansea, licensed and opened by me last year, will be consecrated as soon as this session is concluded. The elegant new church at Evandale was consecrated during the year. Simple and inexpensive new churches are projected at Long Bay and at Port Cygnet, in the Channel, and at Penguin Creek on the North Coast, while that at Table Cape is almost ready for consecration. The Church at Bridgewater, so long a desolate ruin, is, by the energy of the people and foreign help, well nigh rebuilt. I trust too that, what is still more important than church - building, the spiritual work of the church in the conversion of souls, and in the promotion of the kingdom of Christ, is progressing. One of the external evidences on which I rely is the increase in the number of young persons presented for the rite of Confirmation, and, as I trust, the longer and more earnest and prayerful preparation of such candidates for so solemn a crisis in their lives. The number presented in 1872 shows again an increase upon the previous year. While I welcome the gradual improvement each succeeding year, we ought not to be satisfied until at least double the number has been reached, when, if such an increase be accompanied with corresponding zeal in establishing the young in the faith, and in bringing home to their consciences the great truths of the Gospel, we may expect a larger corresponding blessing upon our future ministerial labor. The subject of the stipends of the clergy is one that has given me much painful anxiety. Both archdeaconries have begun seriously to feel the increased burden arising from vacancies which continue to occurin the cures presided over by the scheduled chaplains. The deficiency last year in the southern archdeaconry had to be met by a special appeal to the various congregations, and a similar deficiency in the north remains, I fear, still unsupplied. Some new effort must be made to stimulate the liberality of churchmen. We have very many praiseworthy examples of laymen, whose example saves the church from the scandal of utter lukewarmness in everything spiritual. Those who live in our large towns cannot justify it to their consciences that they contribute something to the parishes where they reside, and contribute nothing for the religious oversight of the districts from which they derive their wealth. We want, as 1 am not weary of telling you, such a machinery as has been found useful elsewhere, parochial associations and reports to be published and circulated every year, that all may see for themselves how much or how little they are discharging the debt which Christ lias bound upon them. Shall the clergy suffer all the trials of domestic poverty, because our people know not the duty, the pleasure, aye the profitableness, of dedicating a little of the gains with which God has blessed their industry, for the maintenance of public worship, and the spiritual instruction of the people ? If such a well-organised system which I have long recommended be adopted under tlie description of a Church Society, consisting of parocliical associations, whose duty it should be to collect subscribers' names, and to forward local reports to a central committee for annual publication, I shall have pleasure in contributing £70 to be increased to £100, so soon as my last donation to the new cathedral shall be paid, such sum to be equally divided between the two archdeaconries. If this offer be not accepted, I propose another and, indeed, better alternative. A Bishop's residence is greatly needed. Sucli a house, if of modest pretensions, might be built upon the Bishop's glebe, or, better still, purchased in the city, say for £2000. I am in hope of being able to raise by my own contribution and from help in England nearly one-half this sum. If the churchmen of this diocese would make an effort to raise the other half, I undertake to spare £170 of my professional income to be increased to £200, as before stated. Tliis arrangement will have_ the twofold effect of securing what I think an essential necessity— an Episcopal Residence, and at the same time an increase of so much fixed endowment for ever. There is also a mode of utilising our resources which I have to propose to the Synod, and which I think will entail no spiritual loss to the church. Parishes that are contiguous might be combined, and a curate of less experience and of smaller pecuniary expectations, might be associated with an incumbent. By this arrangement, no parish need lose the advantage of a clergyman's residence, and if he were young and active might be equally acceptable, especially in the churches and among the poor. Under such an arrangement I purpose that the vacant cure of Glenorchy should be attached to New Town, a deacou-curate living at Glenorchy. Kingston might enjoy the residence of a deacon to be associated with St. David's or be visited periodically by the archdeacon. When opportunity offers, a like union of Bridgewater with Broadmarsh, and Ross with Campbell Town, as well as others which could be instanced might be formed. I am not sure, too, whether the same principle might not be applied with advantage to our towns. 1 am sure that it is quite possible to go on sub- dividing, until the effect will be to cut off districts too poor to maintain a minister. Take, for example, the case of that poor district called Wapping, nominally attached to St. David's. It would form a helpless district in itself. Is it then to be left deserted in despair ? A curate attached to the cathedral meets the case, and all that is wanted is a mission church, of wood or stone, supplied with cheerful services, which might form a contrast with the monotony of ill-appointed homes and the]attractionof placesof ill-resort. Wliensuch places are erected free and unappropriated and when the same principle is applied to all our churches, and above all to the mother cathedral .church, we may look for the evangelisation of the multitude, and remove the stigma from our modern Christianity—that we are so many sects struggling for the possession of the rich, and expect the blessing of Him who has made it the distinctive test of a true church —"to the poor the gospel is preached." And, now in conclusion, I pray you to avoid all occasions of unbrotherly strife and division. "The servant of the Lord must not strive," and a "house divided against itself falleth." Let us give credit to each other's motives, and aim at high motives in ourselves. Let us resist all temptations to join party combinations, for he that servetli party, cannot serve Christ. However pure the motive, or high the aim, or exemplary !the men who offer themselves as leaders, all experience shows that inter-action of confined opitiions> within the narrow and definite limits of a party, never fails to produce uncharitable feelings and to blight the fruit of the Spirit which is " love, joy, peace." Few of us indeed are so under the power of the Spirit as to be able to avoid uncharitableness and personal antagonism. In time of controversy men are apt to become selfish, the spirit of self-assertion prevails, and the law of justice among brethren is unblushingly violated. Against all such tendency in times of excitement, let us by prayer and watchfulness be on oar constant guard ; for it is by such victory over ourselves rather than by the victory of majorities, that Christ's true work is advanced, and our own spirituality is measured. 1 do not blame the desire to hold fast what we esteem to be the truth, " as we have been taught," firmly and to the end, but it should be held, if we would serve Christ, in modesty, in love, and in sympathy with those who differ from us. I fear, however, to repeat the solemn warning with which, on former occasions, I implored you to abstain from all language which reflected upon your brethren. Lest my words should be neglected by any, I beg to substitute the weightier and more authoritative words of the good and wideliearted man who fills the most prominent position in the Anglican Church—" I suppose," says the Archbishop of Canterbury, "there is no one, who knows anything of the British nation, but knows that there must be in so great a body of freemen very considerable diversities of opinion. I trust that churchmen will never forget that in the midst of those diversities of opinion there may be esssntial unity, when in a thousand lands, and in many generations to come, we are one in the love of our Lord and in the feeling that each, according to the best of his ability, and according to his own views, resolves to advance the kingdom of Christ. Though we differ, still we agree—we agree in loving Christ, and in a distinct and full recognition of the doctrine of the glorious gospel. Evil would be the day when one of those different parties, which have always existed in the Church of England, should expel the other. Each, I believe, is helping the other forward, and, by God's grace, I do believe that the divisions which are amongst us are as nothing compared with the essential unity wluch works in our desire to serve our common Lord" (applause). At the conclusion of the address the Synod adjourned until half-past three o'clock. AFTERNOON SITTING. The Synod resumed at 3 40. THE DETERMINATIONS OF GENERAL SYNOD. The Dean brought forward a motion, of which notice had been given, '' That the several deter, initiations made by the General SynodVecentl* held at Sydney, and communicated by the P^' mate to the Bishop of this diocese, be accepted He said there were three determinations which would have to be considered seriatim. It Waa a matter for congratulation that such determinations had been arrived at, ail(j also that at the Synod so mu^ consideration had been shown for the wishe8 and rights of the respective dioceses, and that so much care had been taken to determine the principles of the future action of the Church in Australia. He moved the first item, Confirnia. tion and Consecration of the Bishops. I. When in any diocese a person shall haTe been elected or nominated as Bishop, the Presi. dent of the Synod of such diocese, or in case there be no such President, the clergyman highest in ecclesiastical rank, shall transmit the name of such person, together with a certificate of his election or nomination, to the Metropolj. tan of the province in which the diocese jj situated, or where no province has been formed to the Primate. And on receiving such certifi! cate, the Metropolitan or Primate shall com. municate the election or nomination to the Bishops of the province, or of Australia aud Tasmania, as the case may be ; and if the Metro, politan or Primate and the Bishops, or a majority of them, be satisfied with the fitness of the person - so elected or nominated, the election or nomination of such person shall be duly confirmed under the hand and seal of the Metropolitan or Primate. 2. When any nomination shall have been delegated by any Synod or diocese to any of the Archbishops or Bishops of the Church in England, and such delegation shall have been approved by the Bishops of the province, or of Australia and Tasmania, as the case may be, then the person thus nominated may be consecrated without further confirms, tion. II. A Bishop shall be consecrated by at least three Bishops, one of whom shall be the Metropolitan of the province in which the diocese ia situated, or the Primate if it be not within any province, or the senior Bishop of Australia and Tasmania if the Metropolitan or the Primate, as the case may be, is deceased or unable to act; or with the concurrence of the Metrbpolitan or Primate, as the case may be, the Bishop may be consecrated in England by the Archbishop of Canterbury. III. Whenever a vacancy shall occur in tin Primacy, the Bishops constituting the House ol Bishops shall elect one of tlieir own number to be the Primate. The Archdeacon of Launceston seconded. The President, in putting the question, said it would be seen that no attempt was made to interfere with the rights of the diocese. Canon Hales asked a question what provision was made in the case of the nominee not being approved. The President said he thought the reply to that was that it would be referred to the diocese to reconsider the nomination. Canon Hales said he was not quite satisfied that difficulties would not arise, he should not however offer any opposition. The President said if there was an omission it was through the delicacy of the Provincial Synod in not wishing to interfere with the province of the Diocesan Synod. Rev. Mr Bailey asked an explanation as fo the distinction in the use of the words Metropolitan and Primate. He supposed it had reference to the possibility of several provinces being formed. His Lordship said that was so, but the confirmation of a nomination must be by at least three, by the old canon law. The resolution was then agreed to. The Dean moved the adoption of the 2nd determination, es to the constitution of a 1 Appellate Tribunal, namely :— I. That an Appellate Tribunal be constituted under the name of the Committee of Appeal of the General Synod. II. That such committee shall consist of fi" members—the Primate, a Bishop to be elected by the House of Bishops, a clergyman to ^ elected by the clerical representatives, and W> laymen to be elected by the General Synodi voting collectively and not by orders. All sue" members, being members of the General Syiwd> shall be elected by ballot and by an absolute majority of each body of electors then present; and each candidate shall be nominated by apt 0 " poser and seconder one day previous to the day of election ; and the elections shall take place at each ordinary meeting of the General Synod' HI. No Bishop or clerical or lay representative of the diocese from which an appeal shaU be brought, shall be capable to sit on the healing of such appeal. IV. In the event of death, absence, or incapacity of any member of the committee, ''' Primate shall nominate a successor or a substitute for the matter of that particular api' ca only as the case may be. . V. If the appeal be brought from the dio«*» of the Primate, the Senior Bishop shall act o appoint another Bishop to act in the matter that appeal in- the place of the Primate. , f "VT. The committee shall have power to m? rules for regulating its proceedings, the y and mode of conducting appeal, the re 4 m L,° security for costs, and for the due prosecu _ of appeals, and the terms on which execu of any decision appealed from may be stay® ^ ^ carried out, and all such other rules as niaj , necessary for giving effect to these resolutio J and all such rules shall be l&id; before the t * ^ Synod at its next meeting, and shall be • and effectual until and unless disallowea the General Synod. VXL The committee shall have power to appoint all necessary officers. v yixj. The defendant in. any matter, or either party in a matter of doctrine or of discipline involving any jnatter of doctrine tried by any Diocesan Court or Bishop, may appeal to the committee; but there shall be no appeal for mere error or defect of form in any proceeding 0r j udgment. IX. The Diocesan Court or Bishop shall transmit a report of the proceedings to the committee, and the facts as stated in such report shall be taken as correct. If in the opinion of the committee the facts are not legally sufficient to support the decision, the committee may reserve it. Or if in the case of an appeal by the defendant the facts, though legally sufficient to support the decision, ought in the opinion of the committee to {be further investigated, the committee may in its discretion direct a re-hearing by the Diocesan Court or Bishop. X. Tiie parties may appear in person or by their counsel or agents. The committee shall hear and determine the appeal, with power to adjourn as it may deem necessary. The decision of the majority shall be the decision of the committee : Provided that any decision which concerns a matter of doctrine or of discipline involving a matter of doctrine must have the concurrence of one of the two bishops; and, unless such concurrence shall have been obtained, the decision appealed from shall stand, but no costs of appeal shall be allowed. XI. If in the opinion of the committee the matter of appeal concerns a question of doctrine or discipline involving a question of doctrine, the committee may, at its discretion, state a case 1 for the opinion thereon of a body in England to ! be called the Council of Reference. Such Couni cii of Reference shall consist of the Archbishops ! of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of | London, together with four laymen learned in the law, the first four such laymen being Lord Hatherley, Lord Chelmsford, Lord Cairns, land Lord Penzance. The General Synod [shall have power to fill up vacancies as shall I from time to time occur; but, in the event of la vacancy or vacancies existing when a case [shall be before the Council, the Archbishops land the Bishop shall fill up the same for the •purpose of disposing of that particular case. |Tiie opinion of the Council shall be binding on the committee; and, pending the obtaining of Buch opinion, the appeal shall stand adjourned, with liberty to either of the parties to set the appeal down to be disposed of upon the opinion Then obtained. If from any cause it shall be mpractieable to obtain an opinion from the Council of Reference within a time to be limited by the rules to be made under these regulations, the committee of its own motion may, or It tiie instance of either of the parties shall, Setermine the appeal; but in such case the con- currence of oue of the two Bishops shall be Requisite in any decision. I XII. Provided always that nothing in these resolutions contained shall prevent the General pynod from substituting any other arrangement lhat it may see fit for carrying out tiie several pbjects contemplated by these resolutions. Archdeacon Browne seconded. . His Lordship said he liad been asked to sit bu the committee, and tliey anxiously considered |he points. Canon Hales was sorry to object to anything Bone by the Provincial Synod, but he objected to Section IV. of the Determination. As the riembers of the Committee belonged to different pioceses, and in the event of death, absence, or Incapacity, it would give to the Primate a great bower m dealing with questions of doctrine, and |t was manifest that there was a danger of injustice being done. He should not propose an amendment, but should content himself with jtatmg Ins objection. 1 Rev. Mr Irwin said one matter had struck ld 110t f n ^uite see how the senfence ot the Court of Appeal was to be enforced, •jupposing the case should arise in which it was •pecessaiy to remove a delinquent clergyman. Dave Riir 1'n n P ort reminded his friend the aural Dean that a tribunal had been constituted Kin n ( yilod and au > appeal was allowed to the Cour L /I C. t > powers were possessed to applv 1° the Supreme Court of the colony, afid it was fcr'f;",™' ed r> tIl f t the Court would not interp- ^ «it i the Bishop in enforcing decisions under \- Ecclesiastical Offences Act. tonl,l r ldent said t,le ? appellate jurisdiction pishnn 1 nter£(i l 1 ' e with the power of the V'L" innately enforcing the decisions, onie" . f®- e , Court would onI y interfere where Kcem' l r f M ° vrere , iu <l ues tioi. But the J].,, '® 01 a licence bound the clergyman to "r \ n the Rations of the Synod; octim,' Uea,1 > with reference to Mr Hales's obfcroviilp<• ^ wa s > of course, necessary to lecti-m bctim, •, f event mentioned in the 4tli L p 80 fit to fill wp vacancies as I tp f,' " at 4 e 1 He thought they need not antici- |fr II ales ° R P RE I UDIOE > as I Tl suggested by hitt ee tben agreed to, and the coml°inted 1 of the committee of appeal ap- Idelail T 1( Z y tlle Ornate, the Buhop of Pardon of Hobart T o ™> Sir A. \ C ' andSlrW - StaweU. d Dean i, termination was moved by the Pond ofii ? r ? fei ' enoe to the constitution of a r a of ^sions, namely :— F ^ m L ^ T ^F^ng ^e house of Bishops Stated^ynod shall be, and are hereby fliur-ch i tl fV„ Board of Missions of the T ai le «a." Dwoeses of Australia and Tas- U'eTh® fef° ns ° f , tlle Board shall be to prok °, £ the Chur ch among d ja cent Anrtrali* and in the island! assiBt 111 ' out the missions established by the Church of England through her Missionary Societies; to co- operate in supporting the Melanesian Mission and other Missions to the heathen, especially in Australia ; to seek out, train, and support Missionaries, to labor in such Missions as the Board may direct or may originate; and generally to further unity of effort m the Missions of the Church. Provided that the Board shall not interfere with existing Missionary institutions, except as far as they may place themselves under its direction. 3\. There shall be an Executive Council under the tSoard of Missions, consisting of one of the c T>°11 S as Presidel it to be elected by the house of Bishops, and five clerical and five lay members to be elected by the General Synod at each ordinary meeting. And the duties of such Louncilsliall be, to carry out the determinations ol the Board, to be the medium of communication between the Board and existing Missionary Societies, to organize Missionary operations, and provide means for their support, under the direction of the Board. 4\. Each Diocese shall be invited to form a Dloces a n Corresponding Committee of the Board of Missions, under the presidency of the Bishop of the Diocese. And such Diocesan Committee shall assist the Executive Council in carrying out the work of the Board within the Diocese, by communicating local wants and local efforts, by raising funds for the support of Missions, and by promoting generally the cause of Missions in the Diocese. 6\. The Board of Missions shall make a report of its operations, and of the state of Mission work generally in the Dioceses, to the General Synod at each ordinary meeting. And an annual report with statement of accounts shall be made by the Executive Council to the Board, and on approval by the Board shall be communicated to the Diocesan Committees, for the purpose of its publication in the respective Dioceses. The President said this part was a most refreshing^ portion of the proceedings of the Provincial Synod ; he supposed there would not be any objection. Canon Brownrigg seconded, and the motion was agreed to, the Executive committee of the Provincial Synod being also approved, namely : —Bishop of Newcastle (President), the Rev. Canon Vidal, the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Rev. Canon Giinther, the Rev. W. S. Wilson, the Rev. T. Druitt, and Messrs C. W. Cameron AV J . Foster, P. White, W. H. Suttor, and A. Gordon. On the motion of the Dean, seconded by the Archdeacon of Launceston by leave given without notice, it was resolved that a communication be made by the Bishop to the Primate that the three determinations liad been unanimously agreed to, by this Synod. SHURTENJNG THE SERVICES. Archdeacon Browne moved, pursuant to notice, " That it be permitted, with the sanction of the Lord Bishop, when the Morning Service, the Litany, and Order of Communion Service are said, to shorten the same by omitting the Venite, which occurs twelve times a- year m the Psalms—by the non-repetition of the Lord's Prayer in each service—by the use of one Creed—by the omission of the minor Litany when the Litany is used; and of the Collect for the day, when the Communion Service, where it occurs r.gain, follows : also, when there is no Communion, of the Prayer for the whole state of Christ's Church, which is comprehended in what lias been already said in the Litany—of the prayer for the Queen after the Commandments, when prayed for previously and in that for the whole state, &c.;, before Communion—and, save twice in the year, of the longer exhortation before Holy Communion." He said lie had brought forward the question before, and there were not so many difficulties in the way now as there were then. The subject had been taken up m England, and he held that whatever was done in England was applicable to the colonies, unless there was legislation to the contrary. Our own Bishop had taken the lead in adopting a suffrage for the Governor of the colony in the liturgy, and therefore he had a sympathy with the motion, llie Ritual Commission had recommended the shortening of the services, and Archbishop Whately had spoken in its favor as being in accordance with tiie spirit of the Book of Common Prayer. That was high authority, and there was a necessity for it, especially in country districts. It might not be so necessary in Hobart lown or Launceston, although in certain cases the shortening of the service would not be necessary, as certain omissions were made. The country clergy would agree with him that it was necessary, in order to mmister in the greater number of places, that the services should be abridged. Some consideration ought to be made for the sick, the aged, and the suffering, and also for nonconformist friends who occasionally attend their services. Great advantage would arise from shortening the services; those who could only attend one service would have the advantage of hearing every part of the service; his (Archdeacon Browne's) plan only went agaimt repetition. Another reason was that the services would be a great deal better rendered. He had been pained to the heart to hear the Lord's Prayer, after the first time, hurried over ; and «o with respect to the Creed. It was a very solemn thing to express their faith in God, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; but if there was more time, it could be said more deliberately. Then when they came to the Communion Service, they had a repetition of part of the Litany in the prayer f or the whole state, &c.; He remembered when it was not used in this diocese except when the Holy Communion was celebrated. There were some individuals who opposed his views on account of the rubrics, but those very persons went far in violating the rubrics themselves. He did not ask them to interfere with the rubrics, anything of that kind must be done by the General Synod ; he only wished to give that relief which the Bishop of Newcastle, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Archbishop of Dublin said were desirable. The ven. gentleman then explained the object of liis resolution, and expressed the hope that if any liberty were given to shorten in any way it should be according to rule. He once tried it himself, and it was well received by the congregation, only one individual having made any objection. Those were his suggestions, he was not vez-y sanguine of carrying them, and he might not again bring them forward ; but he had given ample notice, that it might not be discussed in a heated manner (applause). Mr Campion seconded, and said he believed if the suggestions were adopted it would not be innovation, or be objected to by the congregations ; he supposed no clergyman would adopt it if distasteful to the congregation. Rev. Mr Wayn was glad that the motion had been seconded, and though he should be very sorry to commit himself to the details he thought something of the kind should be adopted. He was quite satisfied with his Lordship's opinion, expressed in his address, and he intended to apply to him for permission to shorten the service in certain cases. Sir Sliarland said he could not agree to the motion. If the services were to be shortened, he should like to see it done by the Provincial Synod, so as to be a uniform thing. The Dean agreed with the spirit of the resolution, but he should propose an amendment to meet the varied circumstances that might arise, and which would meet the objcct the Archdeacon had in view, namely—That it is desirable that the Bishop of the diocese have power to abridge, divide, or combine the various parts of the services of the Church, or to sanction such abridgement, division, or combination as may be submitted to him by any clergyman of any cure in conjunction with at least two churchwardens, if, in his judgment, the spiritual welfare of the church or of any congregation will be promoted thereby. Canon Hales was glad the motion had been brought forward, but now an amendment had been proposed which he hoped the Archdeacon would agree to ; he thought it would be a great advantage to the Church if tliey had more liberty and less uniformity. The Church in England had moved in the matter, and he thought they might undertake to consider the question. Neither did he think there should be uniformity in every diocese on this question. He would, however, suggest to the Archdeacon to make this a temporary measure, and that it be referred to a committee on each side of the diocese to report thereon, at the next meeting of Synod, and when the Synod met again, they could enter upon the subject with a fuller knowledge. Rev. Mr Irwin thought there was a general concurrence in the Synod in the spirit of the resolution, and he sympathised with the amendment of the Dean. He referred to the Act passed at home for shortening the services on the week-day, and he did not see why they should not apply the Act to the Sunday services ; he (Mr Irwin) confessed to having shortened the services in liis own parish, and in outlying districts,but he would rather it should be a matter of regulation under the authority of the Bishop. He moved an amendment to the following effect:—That the Bishop be requested to give his sanction to an abridgment of the services of the Church when special circumstances may seem to him to require it; provided that nothing be omitted except what is allowed to be omitted by the English Act called " The Shortened Services Act;" provided that the churchwardens concur in any application made to him on the subject by any clergyman in cure of souls. Canon Brownrigg also agreed with the principle of the resolution, but thought the amendment of the Dean should be altered to some extent, and incorporated with that of the Rural Dean. The Secretary supported the Dean's amendment, as it expressed an opinion which he held, that it was desirable the services of the Church should in certain cases be shortened; and it might strengthen the action of the General Synod, with whom perhaps it would rest to give & effect to it. Rev. A. Stackhouse agreed to the principle of the resolution, but not to the details; lie thought the amendment of the Dean preferable and he hoped the Archdeacon would consent to adopt it. The Archdeacon having had the subject discussed was satisfied, and should not press his 1 resolution. After a long discussion, the President said they were all agreed in the spirit of the resolution, but he thought there were several objections to its details. He expressed some objection to the Dean s amendment, and suggested certain modifications of the latter, or, which would be better still, not to legislate on the subject at all, pending the action of the General Synod. His Lordship did not apprehend any great difficulty m the meantime ; the need arose principally with regard to services held in the bush, and the clergy could exercise much latitude in respect to unconsented buildings. He (the Bishop) had offended in that way* himself; and found ft Stalking to the navvies, he found it necessary to use a few prayere from d t o d r z r i T g e into exte *P°re ?raye£ to meet the circumstances. Thus he had set the bad example, and he took it for granted tLt his rev. brethren would only make sucli alterations exceptional ia the bush, not for a con- tinuance but as a means of eventually leading the people to the use of the Prayer Book Mr Green, to carry out what appeared to be the sense of the Synod, moved that they proceed to the next business. Rev 11. Smith seconded, and the motion was 55 S1X an^ur!' °' Cl0Ck the SyU0d a ' d J° u ™ed for 