CENTBAL CRIMINAL COUIIT. ^Friday, Mat 16. .Before bis Honor Mr Justice Hargrave' The Solicitor General appeared for tbe Grown, The Rifleman Case. CHARGE OF MCEDEE—POBTPOHEMEKT OF TRIAL. William Cross (otherwise William Kraiiss) was placed id the dock to stand hie ti'iil; for that he,on-the 16th of March last, ill and on board the British shij Rifleman, ou the high seas, feloniously, i wilfully, and of his malice aforethought did Ifiil. -and murder one James Long-, muir., Mr Dalley and Mr: Want, instrucled by Mr. M'Culloch, appeared for the prisoner, havisg been unsigned by the Court for the defence. Mr. Dalley. addressing his Honor, said that lie begged to bring under the notice of biB Honor a ^ross and- ecanialous ii terfqieuce with the admiuistriitjon of jus tice, in connection with a criminal case about to be tried, and JBied for that day His Honor would remember that-Jie had assigned himself (Mr. Dalley) and his learned friend Mr. Want to act as counsel for the prisoner Wilhelra Julius Krauss, alias William Cross, charged with wilful murder on the high seas. The prisoner was a stranger, brought 10 the country u .prisoner—was a foreigner absolutely help less, iand incapable of aiding, in any »vay, those who, out of humanity and in the discharge of an honourable duty, and in response to the call of the judge, bad un dertaken'to appear as his advocates in that Court, Under these circumstances, ' an article had been published this morn ing (the very morning fixed for -the pri soner's trial) in a paper published in thi<s city, called the Empire ; and last evening as lie was informed, in another paper pub lished in this ciiy, called the Evening News, lie would now read the arliclc iu question. " Wanted medical gentleman well up on the subject of manias of all kinds, and especially the medical mania. Apply to Messrs Dalley and Want - We give this advertisement for nothing, be cause it is in the interests of huw'aniiy aud justice, and we are quite-snre will be eagerly responded to It is desired to prove au alleged murderer insane, and for so noble and interesting an object we feel sure that every medical man who values the importance of his prolusion aud his own reputation will be happy to exert himself to the utmost. There will be no fees to be sure; but what are fees to men of feeling anxious only fur the explosion of vulgar error and the triumph of science Moreover, as it seems prabable that the disease kuown as homicidal mania will ■^Sr&ly; increase, until perhaps it assumes the; ^proportions of a dangerous epidemic, and as the said disease is clearly virulent ly ,ijl»»tji£ious, it is the duty of the profer sioti to:lose no opportunity of studying it in all its possible or impossible phases, so as to be prepared for that apparently not distant period, when we shall take, by way of au amiable eccentricity, or harmless hallucination, to cutting each other's throats." He would most respectfully submit to bis Honor that in the wbiJe' course of bis Ilonot's judical experience he bad never met with so fragrant, so cruel, so unworthy an interference with tbe administration of justice as this. AVas it to be tolerated, that the trial for bis lite ot any unhappy creature was to be prejudged by the recklessness and bru tality of such a person as the writer of this scandalous article? For of what in terpretation but one was this article capa ble, but that the counsol for the prisoner were assisting to bring about tbe cutting of people's throats, " by way of amiable eccentricity, or harmless hallucination ?" It was an article so thoroughly cowardly and revolting—so directly outraging not merely the administration of justice but decency itself, that be {Mr. l)a)ley) cod ceived he would be guilty of a scandalous disregard if the duty he .owed to society and to bis profession if he failed, at tbe earliest momcut, to bring it under the no tice of his Honor, and to apply, as be intended to "do in afw moments, {oil thi.s as well as upou other grounds tor tbe postponement of tbe hearing of this cane until tbe next sitting of tbe Criminal Court. His Honor : Mr. Dalley, do you malic any other application to the Court ? Mr. Dalley -. o, your Honor. I .con ceive that I have sufficiently discharged tny duty in bringing this matter under t he ! notice «»f your Honor. I Hie Honor said : The paragraph refer-1 red to having been most properly brought under my notice by the learned couuscl assigned for tbe defence of the prisoner, it becomes my duty to express what is my , opinion abont it as a Judge. I have a' ready expressed what my opinion is of ibis kind of interference on the part of a newspaper with tbe administration of justice, and I did so emphatically, some years ago, in conjunction with Mr. Jutsice Faucett. In the case I allude to, the editor of a paper bad had tbe presumption to interfere with the Court in respect of its adjudication on a serious offence, and a heavy fine was inflicted accoidingly. In that case, observations were made highly calculated to prejudice tbe trial of a man who was 'then a prisoner in gaol, and whoso trial was about shortly after wards to take placr. Here, however, we i afe a case of aii infinitely more serious! character.' Here is f. man fo be tried for.: his lifeAaind on the very morning of his j trial, an article appears .jn a public jour ] nal commenting upo3 h»s crime in terms ] which,I can only characterise by describ-j ing the article as a most outrageous, scan dalous, arid indecent interference with the aiministratioh of justice, and one which* tolerated. I am happy ] l^J^^^JjHPnnreewbich I myself took 4 rfiMBPfoung Judge, iii.the case I just oow referred to, has received the confirm ation and support of the highest Cuurt iu England,- bv & late decision in the Ticti bourne case, wherein persons, irrespective if their position (barristers included),; havo been visited with the severest pcual t'na for their attempted interferes e with ; the administration of justice. 1 do not" in any way prejudge this particular case ; t»ut X cannot but consider that this inter-. erence with the administration of justice which bsfc been brought under tny notice, is one of such a gross kind that it de serves exemplary punishment; and if the matter should -be brought before the full Court, I have no doubt that my brother Judges will concur with me in tbe-opinion I now express. The above speech of Mr. Dalley, and I i.he remarks of the Judge, created a deep 1 | leus&tiou; in the crowded Court, the only ! person who heard it -with the oiiost pro found indifference being the uuhap y man in the dock, to whom the proceed ings were absolutely a matter of life and : death. Mr. Dalley, then submitted that the trial of the prisoner should not now iake place, and applied that it should be post poned till the nest sittings of the Central Criminal Court, to be held in AuguFt. He based this application, not only upon the possible prejudge of the public mind occasioned by the appearance of the scan dalous paragraph, but upon other grounds. They were quite in the dark as to the character of the evidence on this point which the Grown would he in a position to present. He might also here mention that the only person who had made any com munication to the conn-el for the prisoner was the Consul for North Germany, who as he (Mr. Dalley) wa,s just informed, had generously made offers of pecuniary assistance, which, of course, could not be accepted by hie learned friend and him self. /• Tiie Solicitor-General suggested that i he case might possibly be tried next Mon day fortnight, the 2nd of June, if it suited their Honors' arrangements. .Mr. Dudley agreed to the day proposed for the trial by th.! Solicitor- General. His Honor said I consider it a very oroper arrangement. ') he prisoner was removed from the dock, and taken back to t he gaol. Dresses at ,the Drawing-Boom — The JxM Bull says that at her Majesty's Drawing-Room the bair appeared to be dressed bighor than ever on the top of the head, and almost all the young ladies had it turned fi om t.be face over a cushion, the feathers and flow ers were worn more on the top <,f the head than of old Tht young girls who were presented patronised 6'iowdrops a good deal, one of them par ticularly having them most gracefully ar ranged oa one side of the hair, as tl*nt^ they were giovragg there. A lull" veil covered with pwvl beads was rat her a novelty, and coloured . ribbons round the neek with a how in front and diamonds in the centre were much worn. One lady had a ribbnn'collar at the throat, trimmed with lacequite in the Louis XIV- style— indeed the belles of the present drawing room looked more like the picture of onr ancestors than ever. More false hair seemed to be woru, more costly lace, and the "trimmings were mor elaborate than ,ever. It would be really difficult to at tempt to describe the puffings, plaitings, and ruchings of which the tulle petticoats were composed. One dress had the lare flounce brought up in a preat plait at the side, which was filled out with blue tulle and bows of ribbon, and had a very qovel effect'; a black corded silk train, wiili deep biasfoldsof blue silk, was worn with' it, dotted over with primroses. ' A deceased Claimant foh Tas ; English Throne.—An old gentleman | has just passed away in America, w j it seems, claimed the right to "sit on the throne of England. The " Now York Herald " reports the death in that city oi William I.ynain Gracie, in his seventy first yea-v For fifty years of his life, says the " Herald," Mr. Gracie believed himself to be the lineal descendant of tin' great and unfortunate as well as royal houses of Stuart and Sobieski; and many well-informed people in New Europe and Europe had an abiding faith in lis claim? to t ie throne of Great Britain and Ireland. Mr- Gracie, who called himself Wiiliam the Fifth of England, was net unlike the late Mr. Horace Greeley in appearance, but "bis features and carriage were of the true Stuart stamp' It is perhaps as well lhat he never succeeded in establishing his claim to the Orown ; for although he is described as ''being in mauner a perfect gentleman, full of courtesy and chivalrous notions, and courageous in character a- n > Stuart ever failed to be," it is doubtful whether, from j his habits and temperament, he would ever have made a good const ltut ional mon j arch. Uider his pillow for ye ira he had concealed an old rusty one-barrelled pistol and a huge clasp-knife, with which be de clared he would di fend his life against tin; entiro England army. In eonversutiun he would frequently speak of the practi cability of landing troops at diff< rent points to march to London and seize the Tower with the Crown jewels and the regalia, and he also, " when under the influence of liquor," had a mania for borrowing monoy for which be really had no need> About twelve aunths a^u he had " a difficulty " with a man logger than himself, atid who is not m»rj tbao tbirty-tive yoart- of age. It occurred in the Washington Hotel The commingled blood of Arabella, Stuart and John tSol<i<ski rose to fever hrar," and the a,'i-d monarch Vnocked his ojpoiiwit fl"1 j o-a >be ground au.l etiockid him I vigorously. The remains of William V. now rest in Woodlawn Cemetery. The Last Ghost Stoey.—The Forbes Times ■ relateB , the. following *tory ot a stump:—" Not n hundred miles from Forbes a lady had recently lost hel- hua bnnd by death, and after the first ebulli tions of jjricf were over, pet lo work to arrange the business affairs, of tier de feased partner. The absence .of some letters which were „ supposed to esist caused her considerable anxiety; high and low they wpre sough'.; for but all in vaiu, until at last.ihe disconsolate,and anxious widow was thunderstruck by the. .consoous ness that the departed one was at her; i le. Seeing the cause of* her perplexity, and couscinus of bis power to put things to rijihtA, he led his 'erstwhile wife 10 a slumps) tiie rear at «1ip rear of the pre mises; put in his hand, and-drawing out the mit-sing letters handed them to her. In the exuberance of her iitnv-iledged joy slie began to be demonstrative, but she was reminded in . sepulchral tones that prying eyes and ears were observant of the interview, aal seeing tliat she had the letters safe,, he departed 'whence he catne. 