DARLING DOWNS JOCKEY CLUB ANNUAL RACES, 1873. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) JUDGE, The Hon James Taylor, M.L.O ; Stewards, Mr. G. Hamilton, G. B King, G. G. Cory, J Wonderley, G Hooper, Clerk of the Course, Mr. James Annand, 'Treasurer, Mr. Henry Spiro (Mayor), Starters, Messrs. O. Walker and J Campbell FIRST DAY -WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26. The officials of the Darli g Downs Jockey Club have certainly had most exceptional difficulties to contend with this year in bringing their annual meeting to a successful termination. On the days originally fixed for the race to take place it poured a perfect deluge, and the stewards very wisely postponed the meeting for a short time and followed up their course of action by postponing a second time when matters had assumed a worse complexion even than before The disastrous floods which occurred during the last fortnight militated very considerably against the attendance from the country districts There are few stations, so far as is yet known, that have not suffered more or less loss, whilst in some instances the devastation has been something fearful It is not surprising, therefore, that country residents who for months past have been looking forward with pleasure to attending this race meeting should find it impossible to put in an appearance, not solely on account of the fact that internal communication is to a considerable extent stopped, but also because their presence is urgently needed at home to assist in repairing as for as possible the effects of the flood. It was not the mere fact of the races having been postponed that caused the falling off in the attendance, and had the meeting taken place on the days originally advertised there would hardly have been a couple of hundred persons present g whilst the lessees of the gate, booths, kc would have had such good reason for complaining that the funds of the club would have suffered very materially by the depreciation in the VBIUO of these properties when submitted to competition on a future occasion. At the Royal, on tuesday evening, the locality where sportsmen mostly do congregate, matters were very far from lively as regards bookmakers, the attendance was certainly all that backers could desire, but the backers were so few as to require looking for, whilst the run was all on two or three doubles, which had been laid to the fullest extent that layers could operate upon. A few rough goods were taken at outside prices, or " snorting prices," as one sportsman most elegantly expressed it j but, on the whole, business could not be termed anything else but decidedly slack, and slack it continued throughout the evening. Offers were made to back Louise even against the field, but met with no response, it being on paper too good a thing to operate upon, even at 'ever money 2 to 1 on the field for the Stewards' Cup was the offer of the layers usually responded to by " I'll take 3 to 1 but one, which was not to be obtained. One credulous individual, who opened a treble event book Maiden Plate, Stewards' Cup, and Toowoomba Cup-laid three trebles, end had to stand them , which was a miscellaneous sort of arrangement that made matters very unsettled " Fifteen to one you can't place them for the Stewards' Cup " was equally unfortunate, the layer having to stand to be shot at without much chance of recovery. The Sydney leviathan laid down on the sofa and went to sleep, being especially disgusted, and woke up at the heel of the hunt much better in health, but no richer in pocket. After a little good-humored chaff, bed was proposed as the best consols and the meeting, if such it could be termed, broke up, the few present being desirous of presenting as favorable appearance as possible on the morrow. A more beautiful day than that of Wednesday, the opening day of the meeting, could not possibly have been desired by the most fastidious, and the only pity was that there were not more visitors present to enjoy it. All the vehicles in and about Toowoomba were brought into requisition for the occasion, and it is almost needless to say that the townspeople flocked out individually and collectively to witness the sport. On reaching the course the great improvements that had been effected since last year attracted the observation of metropolitan visitors, whilst the excellent and substantial character of the surroundings quite astonished the Sydney folk There is no denying the fact that the Toowoomba course IB, par excellence, the racecourse of Queensland as regards un auge ments and management. Since last year some very essential improvements have been made The Grand Stand has been enlarged and is now capable of holding, comfortably seated, some four hundred persons, the building being divided into two compartments, one being recorded for the members of the Club and their families, and the other being set apart for the general public. Below the stand there is an excellent refreshment bar, a capacious stewards'' room, and a dining saloon , the arrangements of the building being in all respects capital, whilst its appearance is most attractive. The Stewards' Stand, which is located in the saddling paddock, has been raised, and underneath there is a convenient weighing room and secretary's office The saddling paddock is a capacious one, and consume all the essentials in respect of buildings necessary to render it complete The Grand Stand and booth was on the present occasion presided over by Mr Farquharson, and the funds be provided was a credit to his establishment, and liberally patronised as it well deserved to be. There were six other South holders on the ground, all of whom apparently received a fair share of patronage, the only matter of regret being that the attendance was not a la ger one A German band was stationed on the Grand Stand, and played away most vigorously throughout the day's proceedings To say that the officials performed their various duties to the satisfaction of everybody is almost unnecessary, such being invariably the case of x'oownumbu,. The course, as regards the running, was in first rate order, and the racing witnessed on the opening day of the meeting generally admitted to be the best ever seen on that ground. The Maldon Plate was looked upon us a gift to Louise, 10 to 5 being laid as she went out of the saddling paddock that she would appropriate the money. A greater boil over than that not turned out to be has seldom or ever been witnessed, for the big weight the mare carried effectually stopped her, and she was never able to get on terms with her field from the start to the finish, regards condition, Louise looked superb and despite the opinion of some to the contrary, I, for one, believe she ran strictly on her merits, and that nothing but the weight she carried stopped her. I heard Sinclair, her rider, blamed for not going to the front at the commencement ; but to me it appeared that he never could got there, and that had he done so he would simply have been pursuing a suicidal policy to try and cut down his field with the weight he had to carry. Sunlight, the winner, has improved greatly in condition since his running in Ipswich, and he was well ridden by Finn. Nemo is the makings of a grand colt, his condition was very far from what it should have been, as the horse is just coming on. He ran a desperate race, however, and will most certainly make his mark before the season is over. My espo end favorite, Pastille, is also rapidly getting fit, and ran remarkably well for over two thirds of the distance At one time she looked very much like winning Die Corinthian Stakes was a gift to Shakespeare, who won pretty easily at the finish, after a good race throughout with Veno, who stuck to him all through. Budworth was effected from the start, and could never get up at any time The StowardB'Oupwos generally acknowledged to be the best race ever seen over the Toowoomba Course The Handicap, as I fully anticipated would be the case, proving an or cellent one The two competitors that showed the most condition were certainly Zenobia and Lance, the former being fit to run " for a man's life " The little mare is certainly a perfect wonder, the purest and best of her size that ever looked through a bridle, and she was ridden as only one man in Queensland, viz , Paddy Dow law, can ride her. Zanco also ran a good horse and was within an ace of pulling his backers through, who stuck to him manfully up to the last moment. Wanderer did not run up to his Brisbane form at all. Erin, one of the handsomest horses in the colony, was not fit to run for straws, being too fat; had he seen it he would have been there or thereabouts at the (finish Dandy never ran a better race in his life, finishing a splendid third, the light weight bringing him home very fast up the straight running He looked very well indeed, and showed that no trouble had been spared in getting him fit. Mistake, a neat level made bat, is no doubt a fair up country horse, but the company was too good for him, as it likewise was for Priam. The Selling Race was won very easily at the finish by Stranger, a slashing filly, named Km press, belonging to Mr. Finnie, making it very hot for three portions of the distance. The day's sport wound up with the Flying Stakes, which Viceroy ran away with, nothing s having a ghost of a chance with him. The MAIDEN PLATE of 30 SOVS, Weight for age ; one mile and! a distance Mr B Powell's ch o Sunlight, 3 yrs , 8 st. 2 lbs. . ... (Finn) 1 Mr. J. Finnie's br h. Nemo, 2 yrs, 7 st. . (Barry) 2 Mr K. Hutchinson's of. Faetillo, 2 yrs, 7 st. 4 lbs . . . (Foster) 3 Mr T. G. Robinson's b m. Louise, 5 yrs, 9 st 4 lbs. Sinclair) 4 Mr. T. A. Dwyer's br.g. Stranger, 5 yrs, 9st. 8 lbs. . . (Kelly) 0 Judge Lutwyche's of. Tamarind, 2 yrs, 7 st. 4 lbs. ... dr Betting : Even and 3 to 2 on Louise, 3 to 1 Sunlight, 4 to 1 anything else. A capital start was effected, Sunlight being the first away, followed by Pastille, the same order being preserved past the stand, Doune being last of all apparently unable, with the heavy weight, to catch her field At the back of the course Pastille went in front, followed by Sunlight and Nemo, Stranger falling off last of all. The same order was preserved to the last turn, Nemo being the first to show into the straight, hotly pressed by Sunlight and Pastille About fifty yards from home Sunlight took the lead and won pretty comfortably by a length, Pastille being a good third, Louise fourth, and Stranger last. The winner was admirably ridden by Finn. CORINTHIAN STAKES of 20 sovs , with a sweep of 2 sovs. each for second horse. Distance, two miles. Welter weight for age. Mr. B. Powell's b g. Shakespeare, aged, 11 st. 4 lbs. .. (Mr. Vanneck) Mr. G. Grenier's ch g. Veno, aged, 11 st. 4 lbs (Mr. G. Moffatt) Mr. H. A. Stott's g g. Budworth, aged, list. 4 lbs. (Mr. G. Turner) 3 Betting i Even v. Shakespeare, 3 to 2 v. the others. As soon as the flag fell Shakespeare were in front, followed by Veno, Budworth being several lengths to the rear. This running was not altered throughout, the gray being evidently outpaced, whilst the other two ran locked to gether, to the finish ; Shakespeare winning by about a length after an excellent race throughout STEWARDS'' CUP (handicap) of 50 SOVS , with a sweep of 2 SOVS, each added ; distance, one and a half mile. Mr. H. A. Stott's ch.m. Zenobia, aged, 9 st. Dowling) 1 Mr. E. Hutchinson's g.g. Ztnoo, aged, 8 st. 12 lbs. (Fitzgerald) 2 Mr. Justice Lutwyche's g.g. Dandy, aged 6 st. 7 lbs. (Foster) 3 Mr W H Kent's ch g Wanderer, 3 years, 7 st 7 lbs. (Westbrook) 4 Mr T A Dwyer's b g Mistake, aged, 8 st (Kelly) O Mr J Benjamin's ch g Erin, aged, 7 st 7 lbs (rumor) O Mr - Talbot's b g Priam, aged, 7 st 2 lbs and 7 lbs over (Cleary) O Mr B Powell's ch h Judex, 4 years, 7 st 12 lbs dr Mr T G Robinson's b m Louise, 6 years, 7 st 3 lbs dr Betting 2 to 1 v Wanderer and Lance, 3 to 1 Zenobia, from 4 to 6 to 1 anything else The start took place at the half mile post immediately opposite the stand and was apparently a splendid one, Dandy being the quickest on his legs followed by M stake both going off at score, Priam third Passed the stand Dandy was in front, hotly pressed by Zenobia and Zanco Wanderer being third Before reaching the back of the course, Z noble went in front Wanderer running second, Dandy and Zanco following in the order named, the whole field being close together At the last ten , Zenobia, of the inside and Zanco were running head and head, and from this out the race was a mat, about one, a splendid rally up the distance resulting in favor of Zenobia by a bare head, Dandy being an excellent third This was generally acknowledged to be the best race over run on the Toowoomba course, and there was immense cheering as the winners returned to scale Shirras RACE of 15 Sovs , one mile and a distance, weight, 10 st, with selling allowances Mr Dwyer's br g Stranger, aged 19 at (Dowling) 1 Mr J Finnie's b f Rmpreas, 9 st (Barry) 2 Mr O Droughton's Evolmo, 3 years, 8 st 7 lbs Mr J Murphy's b h Pantaloon, aged, 9 st (Finnie) Betting 2 to 1 on the field On the word being given, Empress away at score, and carried on the running until covering the distance, when Dowling on the inside crept up, and won the money easily at the finish. rLïiNO SHARES of 20 Sovs , with a sweep of 1 sov each added, three quarters of a mile , weight for age Mr W H Kent's ch g Viceroy, 3 years, 7st 12 lbs (P Dowling) 1 Judge Lutwyche's b f Tamarind, 2 years, 6 st 12 lbs (Sandy) 8 Mr J Benjamin's ch g Erin, aged 9 st clubs (turned) 1 Mr J A Dwyer'sbg Mistake, aged, 9 st 12 lbs (Wannery) 0 Mr H A Stott's ch m Zenobia aged, 9 st. 11 lbs dr Betting Even on Viceroy, who went to the front directly the H ig fell, and remained there throughout, winning easily by any distance he chose This last race concluded an excellent day's sport 