Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. PROGRESS OF AGRICULTURE IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE agricultural and live stock statistics of South Australia for the year ending March 31st, 1873, are to hand, and the report thereon by the Government statist, Mr J. Boothby, is suffi- ciently interesti g to Queenslanders to war rant its insertion in oar column*. The report i» as follow*:— I hare the honor to submit, for the informa tion of Hit Bzeellenoy the Governor, the fol lowing report upon the agricultural and live stock statistics for the season ended 31st March lust. Tbe rapidity with which agricultural settle ment extends into more distant portions of the province, under the operation of the new Land Acts, renders the duty of collecting agricultural returns more onerous and difSoult every year; and the farmers being so much more widely dis tributed on their larger holdings than in the earlier-settled districts, more time is necessarily occupied in obtaining the required information. OCCTOATIOK. The total area of South Australia, exclusive of that portion designated the Northern Terri tory, is computed to be 883,388 square miles. Of this vast territory only about one- fourth has been turned to useful account. Twenty-five counties, containing 39,287 square miles, have been proclaimed, embracing the principal agri cultural and pastoral settlements situate within an easy distance of the capital or a shipping port. The pastoral districts at present occu pied, exterior to the boundaries of the counties, are held under the Waste Lands Regulations for pasturage only, and contain about 70,000 square miles, leaving 270,000 square miles still open for settlement. The greater part of this unoccupied territory lies to the north, through which a line of communication has been opened by the construction of the trans-continental telegraph, and the establishment of telegraph stations, adjacent to which cattle runs are already being formed, the route across the con tinent being now travelled with comparative ease. There can be little doubt that the explo rations now being made on either side of the telegraph line will result in the discovery of large tracts of valuable pastoral country in addition to that already known, of wjuoh 6324 square miles have been taken up under the Pas toral Regulations. During the year 1872 a very large quantity of land was alienated from the Crown, making the total area at the close of December to be 5,037,970 acres ; of whioh 4317,102 have been purchased for cash, and 720,868 acres under the new system of deferred payments, compulsory cultivation, and improvement. The alienated land averages 26 acres for each individual of the population, or 112 acre* for each male adult. Nearly three-fifths, or 2,842,751 acres, is in the occupation of the holders of tbe fee simple. I sppend a diagram showing, for a number of years, the area of land alienated, and the quantity under cultivation, revealing at a glance what progress has been made in the settlement of the country. For instance, it shows that fifteen years ago a population of 110,000 pos sessed 17 acre* of freehold land per head, of which two were tilled j at the present time, with 192.0C0 people, we own 26 acres per head, of whioh six are cultivated. Or taking the last five years, in which the new land system has been brought into operation, U will be found that the holdings have increased from 21 acre« to 26 acres per head, and the area cultivated from 4fc acres to 6 acres. Erroneous conclusions, however, may be drawn from these figures, unless it be borne in mind that in this interval the addition (16,000) to the population has been actually one-third less than the re corded natural increase (23,000) from the ex cess of births over deaths. During this period Government immigration has been suspended, and there has been no recruiting of tbe man power lost, the full extent of which tbe above figures fail to show, inasmuch as the departures have been chiefly adult males. The enclosure of leased lands for sheep pas* turage continuing to be largely carried on, and selectors of agricultural lands under the system of deferred payments being required by law to fence their holdings, a very large increase ap pears in the area of enclosed land ; no less than 13,021,440 acres being returned as against 10,070,367 acres the year before. CUITITATIOJr. Following a season of comparative failure, so far as the wheat crop was concerned, it is satis factory to find so large an increase appearing in the extent of land under cultivation, as showing that a period of disaster has not diminished the confidence of the agriculturist in securing a proportionate return for his labor under ordi nary circumstances. During the past season no less than 120,190 acres were added to the breadth of land under tillage, an increase of twelve per cent., making a total area of 1,164,846 acres. There are over six aores of land under crop for each individual ofc the populstion, twenty-six acres for each adult male, and fifty six acres for each person returned at the cecsus as engaged on farms. These figures conclu sively show that agricultural operations in South Australia must be attended with exceptional facilities, when such a result can be attained by the employment of so little labor, a state of things, I believe, unparalleled. One out of every four and a-half acre* of purchased land is under cultivation, the re maining portion being devoted chiefly to sheep pasture. Two-thirds of the tilled ground were under wheat—about the same proportion as in pre vious years. This tact has naturally caused much comment upon what is termed slovenly farming, when speaking of South Australian agriculture ; and there is no doubt the low average yield for the whole colony chiefly proceeds from the fact that large areas have been cropped for many years successively, without any replenishment of the soil. It must, however, be borne ia mind that the climate, and the greater part of the soil, is pecu liarly suited to the growth of wheat—the grain in ordinary seasons being unsurpassed in quality ; that the putting in and gathering of this crop by mechanical aid is accomplished in a moat economical manner ; and that the pro* duce is removable at once from the field to the stores or place of shipment. The convertibility of the commodity at any moment, evidenced in its securing the highest prices ruling in the English grain market, is an element of security not attaching to other descriptions of farm produce. The total area of wheat reaped was 759,811 acres, as compared with 692,508 acres, showing an increase of 67,303 acres, or nearly 10 per cent. The total quantity of wheat gathered was 8,735,912 bushels, or an average of eleven and a-half bushels to the acre over the whole colony. This return is slightly below the average of ordinary seasons, and was not equal to the promise given by the luxuriant growth and appearance of the wheat shortly before harvest. In the new areas the average reached seventeen to nineteen bushels per acre, whilst some of tbe older lands pro duced under eleven bushels. It is confidently asserted that, in many parts of the colony where labor was particularly scarce, from two to three bushels an acre at least were lost from inability of farmers to employ their reaping machines within reasonable time of the grain ripening. Flights of locusts again appeared, bat late in the season, and did on the whole only trifling damage to the wheat. The rain fail during the season was very favorable. Between April and October, 1732 inches fell, as compared with 14 97 inches during the same period in tbe previous year; whilst, at the moat critical period, in the months of May, June, and July, 11 7 inches fell as against 8 8 inches in the same months of the preceding season. Taking forty bushels of wheat to the ton, tbe gross produce of tbe crop would amount, to 218,398 tons, which, at an average value of only tea pounds per ton, would realise to the com munity ot 192 000 souls the sum of 22,183,9-X), or equal to £50 for each adult male, or £110 for each person engaged on farms. (Subjoined is a statement showing the total area of land under cultivation, the acreage under wheat, and the average yield per acre for each season since 1868-9:— The quantity of land returned v in fallow was 234,241 acres, v against 201,718 acres, showing an increase of 32,528 acne. About one fourth of the aboTo is situated in the northern counties, being new land ploughed for tbii year's orop. Considerably more hay was grown than in the previous season, 115,704 acres wheat and oats being mown as compared with 97,812 acres, or 17,892 acres additional. The yield was also more abundant, being twenty-four hundredweight to the acre instead of twenty hundredweight; making the total quantity 140,123 toes, as compared with 98,266 tons, or 41.957 tons more than last season. Barley and oats continue to decline in fsror, only one-half of the quantity grown two seasons ago now being returned. On the other hand, the culture of field peas increase* yearly, and is represented to have a restorative effect upon old wheat lands. The yield appears to be less fluctuating, averaging for several seasons between thirteen and four* teen bushels to the acre. Mention of this crop was first made in the returns of 1865-6, in which season 969 acres were cultivated. The acreage novr given is 5154, producing a total yield of 68.786 bushels. Potato planting has but slightly increased, there being only 137 acres more than last year. The total acreage dug was 3293, producing 10,808 tons, being an average of three and a half tons to the aore. About one fourth of this i quantity was grown in the southeastern district —a portion of the colony possessing soil and climate peculiarly suited for the growth of this tuber. It is to bo hoped that exertions will be made to increase the production in that locality, so that we may nc longer continue dependent on foreign supplies for one-half of our require ments of this article of daily consumption. Flax oulturo progresses more rapidly, and is apparently receiving much attention in several districts suitable for its growth. This crop was first separately mentioned in the returns in 1871, when 186 acres were under cultivation. The area now shown is 427 acres, being 205 acres more than was grown last year. Flax-mills are being established in several localities, experience is being gained in the mode of cultivation best suited to our position, and considerable liberality has been displayed in distributing seed among those farmers desirous of entering upon its culture. There is every prospeot of flax-growing becoming an established industry, the im portance of which cannot be over-estimated. Permanent artificial grasses, luoerne, and wheat, barley, Ac, cut green for fodder, show considerable increases in the area cultivated, beiog together 17,954 acres as against 10,675 aores last year, or over two-thirds additional. It is satisfactory to note that more attention is being given to the growth of permanent grasses and lucerne, for as yet practically nothing has been done in this direction by farmers or grasiers in the hills, although over 7000 head of fat cattle are annually imported. from the Darling to supply the Adelaide market. Orchards and gardens cover an area of 7251 acres, or 633 more than last year, whilst the extent of the vineyards is 6421 acres, or 31 acres less. The quantity of wine made was 657,604 gallons, or 194,711 gallons less than in the pre ceding season. LIVE STOCK. The return under this head are more satis factory than last year—in all the items a steady, if not important, inorease being shown. Horses are returned as numbering 82,215 as against 78,125, or an addition of 4090, and being exolusive of those in towns and villages. Horned cattle are represented as 151,662 as compared with 143,463, showing an increase of 8199. During the year 7367 bead of fat cattle were brought from New South Wales and Queensland, or 1367 more than in the previous twelve months. Whether viewed in respect to population or extent of pastoral country, the number of great cattle is seriously disproportionate, and demands grave attention. Compared with the neighboring colonies, South Australia labors under great disadvantage in the deficiency of large cattle. Ten years ago they numbered over a quarter of a million, and were exported in numbers ; now nearly all our butchers' meat is isaported, and storo cattle are difficult to obtain. The number of sheep given in the returns is 4,900,687 as against 4,412,055, being an addi tion of 488,632. Of these 3,384,080 are de pastured within the boundaries of counties as compared with 2,887,861 last year, and 1,516,607 in the pastoral districts as against 1,524,194. The inorease altogether amounts to 11 per cent., and in view of the high price of wool during the period and the number taken by the meat-preserving and boiling-down establishments, may be considered highly satisfactory. As old mm. named Robert Taylor, now an in* mateof the Liverpool Benevolent Aiylnm,3f.S.W. ■erred in the yean 1825 and 1826, during tho Burmese war, in If. J£.3. Boadicea as sailtnaker's mate, and thus became entitled to a share of the prize-money resulting from that service, and which, from the numerous contingencies inci dental to a sailor's life, never reaohed the hands of the rightful owner. Some months since Captain Hixson, bearing of the necessitous cir cumstances in which the old man was placed, and, doubtless, prompted in his actions by a seaman's sympathies for a distressed brother, moved in the matter, and, after a good deal of correspondence with the Admiralty authorities in England, has at last succeeded in obtaining a recognition of Taylor's rights. The last mail brought a letter containing an authority to draw on the Accountant-General of H.M.s Navy for the sum of £7 6s, which is described in the official despatch as " the prize-money due to Robert Taylor, for his share of the Burmese booty in the years 1825-6." Thb Southern Cross reports a breach of pri« vilege discussion in the New Zealand Assembly, on a complaint of inaocurate newspaper rep )rt ing:—Tho reporter of the Post has been ex cluded from the House by the Speaker in con sequence of complaints by Mr Batbgate regard ing the inaccuracy of a certain report. The Speaker said, with reference to Mr Batbgate's complaint sgaintt the Post report, that he bad summoned the reporter to wait on bim and the reporter flatly refused. He also read a letter received from the editor, accepting the respon sibility of everything in the paper, and quea tioniag the right to summon one of his staff. He wished to know what the House desired— Mr Vogel said the House would support the Speaker in checking habitual misrepresentation in reports, but the present case was not tuch. The local papers gave very fair resumes of the proceedings, and the present case was an error under peculiar circumstances, and was very excusable.— Mr Q-illies con curred with Mr Vogel, and said tho acoustic properties of the House would excuse auy i.-iistakee.—Mr. Stafford said he h;d understood tlm the reporter did not flatly re fuse, but pleaded engagements, and offered to wait on the Speaker at any other time ; a very different matter.—Major Atkinson thought the Speaker was riyht, and the editor would pro bably have done tho Bume. —Mr Swanson thought it was hypocrisy in being so particular about what Wellington papers say, aod pajii.g no attention to others.—Mr O'Connor regretted that tbo whole- correspondence was not read, when the mvter might look different.—Tho Speaker, in a pet, pnid he understood the pap.rs in future might make what misrepresentations they liked, and he was not to notice them — Mr Vogel objected to such an interpretation of what he said.—Eventually the Speaker said he would pay no attention to complaints of reports except on motions that the Bpeaker do leave the chair.—The Evening Pott acoatei the Speaker of the House of Representative! with suppressing » portion of hu letter. Tnr Wagga Express says :—Some young ■eoundr. 1, on Thursday night, Jalj 24, about 8 • o'clock, attempted a shameful triok with th« view of frightening timorous passers by. He possessed himielf of a sheet ana a pair of stilta, and, arrayed in the former, he waited behind on* of the tree enclosures between Dr Robinson's residence (and the public school the approach of some one upon whom to practise the effects of hit ghostly raiment. Fortunately for him thaw ▼cry shortly appeared in the persons of two Toung women. Upon his appearance on* ' screamed, but was sufficiently self-possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with to weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshly origin by declining to oome - too near, as the damsel's system of "laying * spirits was not to his taste. Wmok o» thb Bhio Uxiov.—The brif Union, whioh left this port on the 18th ultimo for Wangaroa, was totally wrecked on the 88th ultimo, while trying to make that harbor. The brig was owned by Mr H. B. Brans, timber merchant, of Hobart Town, and was built at that port twenty-five years ago. She was oom manded by Captain Alexander M'Oallum, and intended loading timber at Wangaroa for Mel bourne. The brig on her way up the ooaat encountered westerly gales with thunder and lightning. When off the Poor Knights she was blown to sea, but made the North Oape on the afternoon of the 27th, bearing 8W j at daylight next day found the ve«sal close in with the land between Cavalla Island and Wangaroa Bay. The captain, being unable to make the entranoa to the harbor, wore ship and stood across the bay to the northward and westward, but found the brig drifting to leeward very fast. Every means were resorted to in order to clear the rocks, but without avail, when the captain deter mined* to run her into Waogaroa Bay as the only chance of saving the lives of the crew. . When inside the Heads, both anchors were let go, but they failed to hold, the vessel dragged alongside a ledge of rocks, and in about fifteen minutes the water was up to the cabin floor, and the seas making clean breaches over her. With the assistance of the Maoris a rop « was made fast to the rooks, and the crew (eight in all) mat aged to get ashore. Nothing belonging to the captain or crew was saved. The captain, in the interests of his em ployers, sold the wreok as she lay, for £80, to Messrs Lane and Brown, of Wangaroa. We understand that the brig was insured in Sydney, but have been unable to learn the amount. Her owner (Mr Evans) also owns the barque Natal Queen, now lying in this port* and the brig Jane. The captain and crew came on to Auckland by the steamer Bowena. Further particulars of the disaster may be gathered from the depositions taken before the Collector of Customs (Mr H. 8. M'Kellar), yes terday, in pursuanoe of the Enquiry into Wreoks Act, 1863, and at which the following evidenoe was adduced:—Alexander M'Oallum being sworn, said : 1 do not hold any certificate of competency in the service. The Union -was brig- rigged, of 158 tons, official number unknown (certificate of registry and ail. papers were lost with the vessel. On' leaving Auckland the vessel was in ballast, There were seven men on board beside myself and one passenger. Got as far as the Poor Knights on the 16th instant. After the wind came in from the N W strong, with thunder and lightning, then it hauled into the westward, blowing a strong gale; got blown off the land, and was unable to make up with it until the 27th; at 4 p.m. sighted the North Oape, bear ing «W; brought the ship to the wind on the port tack, under close-reeled topsails, trysail, and foretopmast staysail. The wind was NIB, blowing a gale, thick, dirty, and squally; kept on the port tack all night, the wind hauling to the northward; at daybreak she was dose in to the land, but unable to make it out pntQ it cleared up between tho squalls. Found I was between Cavalli Island and Wangaroa Bayt kept away for Wangaroa Bay, intending to run in ; brought the 3E end of Stephenson's Island to bear north by east, and was unable to make out the entrance to the Wangaroa Harbor j wore ship and htood across the bay to the northward and westward; found the ship drifting very fast on to the rooks, and made sail, but it was of no avail; seeing a little bay, and thinking it wag the only chance to save life, I sent a man to the masthead to look out for rooks, and a second man to the wheel, and stood in for the bay. Inside of the Heads let go both anchors, but they would not hold. Before we could get sail off the vessel she dragged alongside a ledge of rocks, and began to break up. With the assist ance of Maoris we all got ashore on ropes made fast to the rocks. This was on July 28, about 8 o'clock iv the morning, not quite high water. It was blowing a gale from the NB, thick and raining. The exact position of tho creek is in the West Bay ; tho 8E end of Bfephenson's Island bearing N£ by E. I had a chart on board showing the coast (sheet No. 1). The vessel is a total wreck, and cannot be recovered. We saved the sails, and that is all—nothing belong ing to ourselves. T estimated the value of the vessel at about £800. I do not know whether she Whs insured or not. She was well found in everything. There was nothing to indicate an entrance to Wungaroa Harbour. Had there been a Hghthoußo, or even a flagstaff, I could have entered, and the vessel would have been safe.— Daniel Oussey, being sworn, said t I was mate of the Union; I do not hold any certificate; I have heard read the statement made by the master; it is correct in every par ticular ; everything that could be done to save the vessel was done.—Magnus Brown sworn, said : I was second mate of the Union ; I do not hold any certificate; I have heard read the master's statement; it is correct.—Hugh Evans, sworn, said: I was an able eeamen on the Union t I have heard re id the master's statement; it is correct. This was all the evidence, and the de positions will be forwarded to the Commissioner of Customs, Wellington, by tho first steamer.— y. Z. Herald, August 6. In a letter addressed to the Church of Fug' land Slestenger, the Bishop of Melbourne states that several clergymen having applied to him for instruction as to the lawfulness of solem nising, under tho provisions of the recent Act of the Victorian Legislature, the marriage of a widower with a sister of the deceased wife, he considers it desirable, for the information of his clerical brethren, to publish in the Messenger the folio wins; letter, which contains the opinion he has arrived at, after a careful consideration of the subject:—" Bishopicourt, 23rd July. 1873\. My dear , If 1 thought that the Act of our colonial Legislature, authorising mar riage with the sister of a deceased wife, 'set aside' a restriction which God had by the Scriptures impofid upon us, or that it' ignored" a ' poeitiv.t declaration of our great King,' I should unhesitatingly say that we must obvy God rather than man ; or, if there were any law of our Church binding upon us in Victoria which forbade the solemnisation of such mar riogeii, I ehould say that, as olergymen, we must obey that law, and not use the liberty granted to us hy the reoent Act. But even if the pro* hibition in Leviticus be understood to refer to the sister of a deceased wife — whioh is very doubtful (see note on Leviticus xviii. 18, in the Speaker's Bible)—l do not consider it as obligatory upon the Church of Christ any more than others of the Mosaic code Nor do I regard the declara tion that ' a man and his wife are one flesh ' as placing a Bister-in-luw in the same relationship with * sifter in blood. Again, go far as I know, the prohibition by our Church of marriage with a deceased wif.*'s sifter is contained only in the canons of 1003 (U9)—which are certainly not binding upon the Church Ken—and in the tublf of degrees ' set forth by authority' in 1568. I have not been üblu to ascertain by what au thoriy tUis tublo was jet forth ; but I conceive tb.it tho 'admonition' couUined in it never poise.se i atiy legal power, except from 32 Uonry VII 1., c. 38, and now is in no way obli £utory upon tLc c^necieace, unlo». we consider it (which I do not) us a declaration of the law of Gi»d. Su-.-h bi-ing my opinion upon this vexed question, I do not re/ard a olergyman in Vicoriu at guilty of ony offence against the law of God or of tho Church in solemnising such a m irriago, wl.ch tho law of thuJand now autho ring ; bur, m I kiiuw that eorno of my brethren think differ,.Mly, and feel \ery strongly upon the suhj.'ct, I consider that they ure justified in refusing—in Joed, bound in conscience to refuse -—to do so. Lot every man be fully persuaded in his own mind, an 1 let not one judge another. —Your brother in Chriet, C. Mblbocbxb." tauon. 1858-9 1859-40 1860-1 1841-2 1962-3 1863-4 1864-5 1865-6 1866-7 1867-8 1868-9 1869-70 1870-1 1871-8 1872-3 Acres Colttaiad. 964,462 361,884 429316 496.667 4M511 655,968 687.776 680,609 739.714 810.7S4 808.234 850.576 939006 1,044.656 1,164,846 Acres voder WbMt 188.703 2is,ne S7S.672 810,636 320.160 835.758 390 836 410,«08 457.628 660494 633.035 632,186 604,701 691.608 769311 Ararat* par Aero. BhLlba. 11 11 » 88 13 4 10 59 12 0 14 0 11 0 8 44 14 20 4 40 9 41 ft 45 11 80 6 44 11 30 