ENGLISH NEWS. AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TStBOEAMS. XJONDON, December 28. A SEW hue ©Tsix steamers is proposed to run and Melbourne, calling at Mil ford Haven. . v- . • Austria, Germany, and Russia have recommended Greece to. satisfy, the demands of France and ,Italy;respec(iag.the Lauriura mines question. The reportofthe diplomatic relations between Switzerland and the Pope is generally discussed by the Press. \- The Duke de Grammbnt "has pnKRsHea a letterassertingthat Austria was pledged to sop. port France in the late war wi th Germany. His statements are contradicted at Vienna. Seventy thousand Welsh colliers threaten to strike. The year's import ef Australian meat amounts to 17,618 tons. The introduction of Australian tierce beef has proved unsuccessWl. __ . December 29. France is to pay Germany two hundred million firancs monthly until May. The Sub-Committee of Thirty are in favor of conciliatory conversation. Neither side has made any concession. M. Thiers urged the importance of creating a Second Chamber; but he did not make any distinct proposal. The Berlin Press vigourously denounces the language of the Pope towards Germany as insulting. . December 30. Prince ^Bismark has ordered the German Charge d'ASkires to quit Some immediately. The newspapers in Prussian Poland have been threatened with -confiscation if •they publish the utterances of the Pope. The Constitutional paper asserts that Austria has dispensed with the services of Count Beast, the Minister for Foreign Affairs. Passports between Prance and Germany have been abolished. January 1. Extraordinary excitement continues at Berlin in reference to the Papal allocution. It is considered improbable that the German Charge d'Affairs will return to Rome. Diplomatic relations, however, are ndt suspended. The alleged combined interference by Austria, Russia, and Germany in regard to the Laurium mines questionis contradicted. The Czarovitch, who has "been seriously ill, is now better. The insurrection in Cuba is -vigorously proceeding, and threatens to become difficult to quell. WithTegard to the death of Captain Gray, of the Great Britain, steamer, it is reported that, being unwell, on the 24th of November he -retired to his cabin. Next morning he was missed, and one of the stern windows was found open. ^Search was instituted, but nothing was found to throw light upon the mystery of his disappearance. SirB. C. a Pine, K.C.M.G.,late Governor of Antigua, and at one time Governor of West Australia, will probably be the new Governor of South Australia. Januarys. The-revenue of the United Kingdom for the past year was £75,000,000. being an increase of £5,500,000 on the revenue for 1871. The official reception at Paris yesterday was attended by deputies of all shades of political opinion. There is a movement on the part of America towards the annexation of the Sandwich Islands. Russia and England "have exchanged Views in regard to the military operations which are now going on in Central Asia. The Emperor of Russia has frankly communicated his plans, and invited English officers to accompany the expedition. Count Von Roon, Minister for War, has been appointed Premier of Germany in place of Princc Bismark, and he is succeeded at the heaH of the War department by Lieut-General Von Kameke. The pdliey of the Government is unchanged. GBKTiLiTr.—The Daily News asserts that "gentility" to which Lord Salisbury casually alluded in his admirable speech at Manchester the other day, works far mora mischief in English society than any combination of strikes or rise of food to famine pric&s.; If we oonld get any trustworthy statistios on such a subject, wo should learn how many thousands of fnmilies there are inXondon who are endeavoring to keep up a state altogether oiit of proportion to their means, and who are'from time'to time plunged iilto the deepest distress by some unexpected call on their confined resources. This disastrous pretentiousness does not stop here. It prevails in other regions. The son of tho workman must be a shopkeeper; the son of the shopkeeper must bo a merchant's clerk:; the son of the merchant's clork must be educated for the law, or medicine, or the Church ; and'they must in the moantime assume the- social position and expenditure necessary to the character, and 'incur the most severe privations Tor the sake of a weak and foolish pretence. No one, of course, can desire to_ check the ambition of ardent youth. But the impulse which drives peopleinto efforts to distinguish themselves or better their circumstances is vastly different Trom 'that petty hypoeriBy which loves to "keep tip appearances," and ape n stylo of living altogether beyond its means. That is one of the greiit corses df our time'; and it is hard to see how it'is to be remedied, except by a growing spirit of good sense and honesty on the part of our population generally. The example of noblemen sending their sons into commerce is a'l very good in its way but it cannot be espedted to affect the conduct of men who consider a clerkship and eighty pounds a year as moro "genteel" than a carpen- ter's bench and three pounds a week.; or of womon who, administering -an income df two Tinndred a year, would think themselves degraded if they assisted in the cooking and studied the small economies df the kftohen. If we hnd a little loss '"gentility" and a trifle more thrifty, prudent, and plain ordering of limited means, •our social life in 'England woiild be a-great deal more comfoi table and praiseworthy than it is. AN AETVENTURE OP THE ROAD.—On Sunday morning,^ <sayt the Braidaood Dispatch), tit about 1 o'clook, when Malono's -moil coaoh was on its way from Gorilbum to Braidwood, and when about six miles from tho former plaoe, a a troy horse took it into his head to fraternise with the -leader, and kept up, running alongside but at each -flash -of lightning, which was extremely vivid, tho brute used to faH baok amongst tho wheelers. Young Brummy, the-coaohmnn, had no passengers with him, but not believing in ghosts—although the stray horse was a white one, and ratlior spedtral-looking—and moreover not being very easily put off his equilibrium, ho dropped thethong of his whip pretty heavily upon the stranger, who would resume his place alongside the leading faorse until again startled •by -the.lightning, when he would wioe more fall b:;ck, only to be soundly dressed down again with the whip. This went on for about seven miles, until Mie fences •wore passed and The open country readied, when Brummy turned off into tho bush,and by so doing dodged the grey spectre which had been harassing him for so many miloB, and which might have terrified a person ofa more norvous tomp- rament. Why is The Morning Star like a cotyledon t Because it aids the -development of the Radicle." 