GHOSTS AND GOBLINS. It would be easy to fill page after page with the details ot the various ideas en tertained about ghosts, goblins, and de mons. Such ideas extend not only to the appearance of such ljeings, their apparel, appurtenances, and so on, but to the noises which they make either of themselves or by -means of various supernatural objects which they are supposed to carry about ■with them. Thus— " The sheeted dead i)i>I squeak and gibber in the Roman streets A little ere the mightiest Julius fell." And it is to be noted that as ghosts com monly show no face, so few have been known to speak with full voice. This may be because the noises heard at the hours when ghosts are seen ate not such as can be by any possibility mistaken for the human voice in its ordinary tones, while, nevertheless, an excited imagination can frame spoken words out of the strange sounds which can be heard in almost every house in the stillness of night. This also serves to account for the notion that ghosts can clank chains, or make other dismal noises. Sounds heard at night are highly deceptive; a small noise close by is taken for a loud noise at a distance (not neces sarily a very great distance) ; and a noise made by objects of one kind will be mis taken for noises made by objects of a different kind altogether. A friend of mine told me he had been disturbed two nights running by a sound as of an army tramping down a road which passed some 200 yards from his house: he found the third night (I had suggested an experi mental test as to the place whence the sound came) that the noise was produced by a clock in the the next house, the clock having been newly placed against the party-wall. We all know Carlyle's story of the ghostly voice heard each evening by a low spirited man—a voice as if one, in like doleful dumps, proclaiming, " once I was hap-hap-hapy, but now I am meeser able,"—and how the ghost resolved itself into a rusty kitchen- jack. There is a case ot a lady who began to think herself the victim of some delusion, and perhaps threatened by approaching illness, because each night, about a quarter-of-an-hour after she had gone to bed, she heard a hideous din in the neighborhood of hei house, or else (she was uncertain which) in some distant room. The noise was in reality the slightest possible creak (within a few feet of her pillow, however), and produced by the door of a wardrobe which she closed every night just before getting into bed. The door, about a quarter of an hour after being closed, recovered its position of rest, slightly beyond which it had been pushed in closing. In another case, the crawling of a snail across a window produced sounds which were mis taken for the strains of loud hut distant music. It is, perhaps, not going to far to say that onr modern spirits, who deal in noise-making as well as in furniture-tilting (of yet more marvellous feats we say nothing), are not unacquainted with the means by which the ear may be deceived, as ill the Cftsos juot oonsldcitid. Soms sounds said to be heard during dark stances suggest the suspicion. It will be seen that the opinion to which I incline—as the best and perhaps only natural interpretation of events supposed to be supernatural—is that real sights and sounds are modified by the imagination, either excited or diseased, into seemingly supernatural occurrences. It does not seem to me likely that in any large proportion of recorded (and pre sumably veracious) ghost- stories there has been an actual phantom of the brain. Such phantoms are sometimes seen, no doubt, and unreal voices are sometimes heard; but the condition of the brain which leads to such effects must be re garded as altogether exceptional. Cer tainly, it is not common. On the contrary, the play of fancy by which images are formed from objects in no way connected with the picture raised in the mind is a common phenomenon. Although some minds possess the faculty more fully than others, few actually want it. I suppose there is not one person in a thousand who cannot see " faces in the fire," for instance, though to some the pictures so produced are much more vivid than others« -Com hill Magazine. 