The resolutions framed by the standing orders committee of the Assembly in refer ence to suggested alterations in the Chamber are matters of considerable importance, and seemingly hare been amply discussed by the committee, who have had the subject under consideration from the 17th of last December until last sight, when the Chairman of the committee, Sir James Martin, brought up their report. The alleged facts which they had to consider And report on were, as stated in their report, the following : — That this Chamber is net well suited to purposes o* debate by reason, firstly, of its bad properties in an acoustic point of view; and, secondly, by reason of tbe great distance at which the members are necessarily ! placed from each other according to the present arrange- : ment of the seats. j That the currents of air which pervade the-chamber f are a source of great discomfort to honourable members. That it be referred to the standing orders committee , to enquire and report what remedies (if any) can be ap- ( plied in the premises. I Haying taken evidence on these matters, I and amply considered them, the committee adopted the following resolutions : That the committee are nuaHe to see any advantage in altering the disposition of the seats. ; That they cannot BBggest any plaa far preventing the ' ingress of currents of air from tie east end of the chamber, without making costly and extensive altera tions, which they cannot recommend. They think the inconvenience at present arising from these draughts may be maeh diminished fcy the appointment of addition*! door- keepers. That they think the staff of servants ought to b.- iu creased Practically, therefore, the labours of tho committee have ended in leaving the grievance exactly as they found it. The expense of required alterations is assigned ;is the reasan ?why they cannot Bugyr:»t ? any plan for preventing the ingress of currents of air from the east end of the Chamber, but this can be regarded as a reasonable ground for not taking action in the matter only -when it is considered in con nection -with the new buildings for the use of Parliament. If the present Chambers were to be the Legislative halls of the colony in perpetuity, then, we should at once advocate the removal of the defects complained of, irrespective of the expense. When gentlemen give up their time to the service of their country, and incur some considerable outlay as well, the least that the country can do is to make them comfortable. In every free country legislation is effected by means of speech, and every one knows that it is much easier to speak in a chamber acoustically per fect than in one that is defective in that respect. Perhaps the draughts of air men tioned in the report are not matters of much moment ; but whether they are so or not, they certainly might be remedied by the means suggested by the committee. There is one matter hower, which seemingly the com- ' mittee has paid no attention to, but which, if attended to in the proper way, -would tend very powerfully to remedy the acoustic de fects of the chamber. We allude to the buzz and hum of conversation so frequently carried on while honourable members are addressing the House, This conversational hum is often loud enough to be distinctly heard all over the Chamber, and not unfre quently it collides with the voice of whoever maybe addressing the House, and thereby pro duces acoustic effects of an unpleasant, and sometimes of a fantastic character. We have often felt surprise at the way in which honor able gentlemen converse while unimportant speakers are addressing the ' House. We kn»w very well that it is a hard thing to sit silent for an hour or so listening to the speeches of Botne honorable members whose voices are as rough and asuu-eujjhonious as nutmeg graters, and whose sentences scarcely contain even the ghost of an idea ; but then as honorable members Lave undertaken to do duty in Parliament, they ought to endeavour to do it in the best -way possible. Let them try for only one night, Bimply as an experi ment, to sit as silent auditors of whoever may be the speech-makers on that occasion, and we can assure them that they will find a con siderable portion of the accoustic defects ot the chamber very cheaply remedied. The preliminaries for the forthcoming Inter colonial Erhihition, areprogressing satisfactorily. A number of men are busily employed ou tha ground ('Prince Alfred Park), erecting suitable sheds, some of which it has been fonnd necessary to considerably enlarge, so as to accommodate tie various exhibits in tbe agricultural section. The number of entries for New South Wales, up toto-dav, as near as can be ascertained, are as follows. 6ection I'— Agricultural— 1, HurvCT, 102. 2: Cttle, 243. 3.Sbcep,«4. i : Pigs, 11. 5 : Poultry, i57. 6 : Dogs, 14?. 7 : Wool, 51. 8 : Wine, 66 0 : Sngar, 10. 10: Farm produce, 39. 11: Implements, 100. Section II.— Iron Agricultural-1. Fine arts, 6». 2: Ap paratus and application of literal art, 18. 3: Furniture, 3-. 4 .- Clothing, Bo. s : Mining iiiduetry, So. (These are cemiig in very slowly.) 6: Processes used In tht common arts, 50. 7: Food fresh and praserreq, 70. Frsm telegrams received from the other colonies, it v«b quite clear that a verv la-g ? number of exhibts in the different sectiom will be receive . from them. Queensland hu made application for a much arger space than she had last year, and it is beliered that tht wiooUofthe available space will be taken up by the difierena colonies. 