1873—1874. DRAMINGO. THE old year's days to-night will tell their number, Their time is up, their sands are nearly run, Making us for a moment pause and wonder At what the past has done. And wonder, at the hopes last year we cherished, And at the troubles that seemed then to daunt us, Whilst ghosts of those, who since that time have perished, Rise up and haunt us. The ghosts of deeds undone and time misspent, Bring in their long account with woeful faces, And memory sternly yields a true assent To these sad traces. Again, again! as every year succeeds, We spurn the past, that warning would implore us, Ignoring all dark records of our deeds, We hail the time before us. For Hope, her old enchanter's art still weilds, And paints a future for our contemplation; Too late we find that all her picture yields Is but imagination. Too late for aye we see through this world's ways, The good we might have done, the wrong we did; Blundering, we wonder in a dubious maze, Where aim seems hopeless, and all purpose hid. And so 'tis best, for if the mind but had Some dread prescience of the ills 'twould meet, The cowards who shrank, and weaklings driven mad Would seek at once in death a safe retreat. From mortal eyes old Time doth wisely turn That page, the record of the years before us. What will be written there we soon shall learn; Meanwhile, God watches o'er us. Chsistk&b; Decorations.—The custom of adorning houses and churches with branches of mistletoe, holly, and other winter shrubs and trees is perhaps older than any other Christmas observance. It had its origin with the Druids, who were the high priests of the ancient Britons, long previous to the invasion of the country by the Romans under Julius Cseaar. It was their wont, at a certain period of the year, to resort to the forests in whioh grew the largest oak trees, followed by a great concourse of people of all degrees. There, with many re ligious ceremonies, they proceeded to cut down a quantity of the branches of the mistletoe growing on the oaks, which, having divided into small pieces, they distributed among the re ligious students and votaries who had accom panied them, and who, considering these branches as so many emblems of good fortune, adorned their dwellings with them. There was a sacredness attached to the custom which pre served its practice for a long period, and we find it mentioned in many of the old histories. A peculiar sanctity was attached to the mistletoe: " Christmas! the joyous period of the year; now bright with holly, all the temples strew with laurel green and sacred mistletoe." The Draidical custom appears to have survived the shook attending the incursions of foreign races and the overthrow of the old- established re ligion ; and Christianity, loth to wage war with every ancient usage, consented to retain this one as the most innocent of them all. Indeed, green boughs seem to be almost universally looked upon as emblems of peace. Old Stowe, the English chronicler, relates that not only the parish church and houses were adorned with holly, ivy, bays, and other ever greeens, but that conduits and standards in the streets were likewise garnished. He tells us that "in 1444, by a tem pest of thunder and lightning towards the morning of Christmas Day, at the Leadenhal), in Cornhill, a standard of trees being set up in the middle of the pavement, just in the ground, 'nailed full of holme (the old word for holly) and ivy, for disport of Christmas, the pole was torn up and oast down, and the stones of the pavement all about were cast in the street and divers houses, so that the people were sore aghast at the great tempast." Lauohtxb.—Probably there is not the re motest corner or little inlet of the minute blood | vessels (life-vessels) of the body that does not feel some wavelet from that great convulsion, hearty laughter, shaking the central man. The blood moves more lively, probably its chemical, electric, or vital condition is modified—it conveys a different impression to all the organs of the body as it visits them on that particular mystio journey, when the man is laughing, from what it does at other times. And so, we doubt not, a good laugh may lengthen a man's life, conveying a distinct stimulus to the vital torcet. And the time may come when physicians, attending more closely than at present they are apt to do to the innumerable subtle influences which the soul exerts upon its tenement of clay, shall prescribe to a torpid patient "so many peals of laughter, to be undergone at snob, and such a time/ just as they do now that far more ob jectionable prescription, a pill, or an electric or galvanic shock; and shall study the best and most effective method of producing the required effect in each patient. 