THE ZIG-ZAG CONFERENCE. THE Intercolonial Conference of 1873, like its ineffectual prototype of 1867, has been brought ;to a close without any basis for future legislative action being agreed to. With the solitary exception of unanimity . of opinion respecting the Border Customs question, the diplomatic palaver of the several delegates may be set down as unimportant, and quite as intelligible as that patriotic instinct which approaches te statesmanship will admit. Now-adays, political acts of self-laudation are regarded by the principal actors as counter-weights to the huge bulk of popular thankfulness always contributed for services rendered ; so that, at the final casting-up, performance on the one side is made to appear equivalent to obligation on the other. Judging from this accommodating stand-point, it seems not uncharitable to suppose that most of the questions submitted to the Conference had been previously docketed as foregone conclusions by individual delegates—a process which at once obviated the tediousness and drudg-ery of debate, and reduced the dulness of argumentation to a passive act of listening. Very little more can be said of the proceedings at the Sydney Conference. There was Ministerial hand-shaking and homage, Ministerial feeding, andMinisterialzig-zagging, but the actual result of the'business portion of the festivities only amounted to a Ministerial half-pennyworth of bread as against an unlimited flow of Ministerial sack. The responsibility of delegates appeared to be in proportion to their im- mediate individual concern in the questions. at issue, and not based on the: broad and generous principle of reciprocity which we are being constantly reminded is to be the certain forerunner of federation; the resolutions arrived at, therefore, must be regarded as merely conditional, as they will be subject to the ratification of Parliament. The mueh agitated question of the Suez mail service was dealt with after a fashion, but it remains to be seen whether Messrs.-FRAN- CIS and LANGTON'S ' scheme respecting Victoria's subsidy towards,the Suez route, is in any one iota superior to Mr. DUFFY'S negotiations with regard to the San Francisco service. The terminal station of the Suez route will be Melbourne, but in order to meet the requirements .of the eastern colonies, it is proposed to establish other two lines of postal communicatioh, ; one by way of Singapore and another by way of San Francisco, conditionally that ; the rates of postage shall be similar to those charged by way of Southampton. But in order to effect these schemes, the very essence of Mr. DUFFY'S negotiations respecting the San Francisco line is appropriated without acknowledgment or comment. The Imperial Government will be asked-to defray the cost of conveying- the mails between London and San Francisco, and to contribute £20,000 towards the service between California and New Zealand.; and £25,000 for the line by way. of Singapore, having Brisbane as a port of call and Sydney the terminus;" The monthly service 1 by way of Suez has been agreed to conditionally " that the cost t>f the branch lines shall be considered as part of the cost of the whole service;" but so far as regards the " branch services," they remain untrammelled by any such covenants . The net -result to Victoria, as has been ably shown by a contemporary, will be—" We contribute to the local expenses of the other colonies who take their mails from Melbourne as a terminus, while we get nothing in return from New South Wales and New Zealand as the termini of the other lines." This apparent bungling will no doubt be "subjected to severe scrutiny whenever the question comes on for discusssion during the ensuing session. The importance and immense commercial advantages to be. derived from the establishment of a mail service by way of San Francisco with Melbourne are daily gaining favour among our mercantile community, and the most recent advices from England intimate that the question has been revived and is commanding considerable attention in Liverpool. It has been flippantly asserted that "long experience. has shown" that the Suez line "is the speediest and the safest/' and that "in comparison with its rivals it combines the speed of the hare with the sureness of the tortoise." - However .fine this description of writing may be con- sidered in certain quarters, it certainly embraces a very large amount of heedless assertion. The California route never had the ghost of a chance of entering into fair rivalry with the Suez line; all its shortcomings ai-e solely attributable to the cramped resources of a private company, unassisted by a Government subsidy; while the zoological comparison as to swiftness and sureness may be taken as more jocular than truthful. As we pointed ont on a recent occasion, carefully prepared calculations have shown beyond contradiction that the average time occupied between San Francisco and England is sixteen days, and that with fair average steam propellers making twelve knots an hour, Australia would be reached in less -than twenty-two days from San Francisco, the entire distance being accomplished in thirty-eight days, or fourteen days less than the fastest time ever made by the Red Sea line. Notwithstanding the determined opposition which has always been manifested towards the establishment of a San Francisco line, we still have firm faith in its ultimate achievement. With respect to the carriage of mails, as-arranged by the Conference, the steamers will henceforth call at Cockburn's Sound (instead of King George's Sound) and Glenelg, thereby causing a delay of several days before arriving at Melbourne; and if an express overland mail be established, pending the completion of the North-Eastern Railway, the delay to Sydney will be something- equal to fourteen hours. 