THE ALBERT GROUND. I Owing, probably, to the lurgOiuumbor of countor.-iittr.io- I lions class, horse that usually very popular place of correction, I the Albert Ground, was not yesterday patronized require' so ' / > ' ? ' i liberally as it generally is upon the occasion of a general holiday. About two thousand persons found their way out there, however, and the Ground Committee had arranged so ample a programme for their delectation that they must have been hard to please indeed who went away disappointed. There were flat races, bicycle races, sack races, in die races, pole vaulting, and many other exercises involving both mirth and music. Mr. "Wissol's band discoursed a variety of sweet music during the day. The general field arrangements were carried out by Mr. B. De Lissa, who acted as starter; Mr. T. Alderson (Judge), assisted by Mr. T. Keddie, Mr. F. O. Street, Mr P. Curtis, and other gentlemen and no effort was spared to cause everything to pass off to the satisfaction of the spectators. The following were the leading events of the day, with their results: No. 1. Maiden Plate, 150 yards. 1st prize, 3 sovereigns ; 2nd, 1 sovereign. T. Foster, marone and white ... I J. Dixon, black sash .... 2 T. Redfern, purple sash 3 Eight others started. No. 2. Flat race, I mile, for youths under 16 years. 1st prize, 1 sovereign ; 2nd, 5s.. J Duggan walked over ; six others who had entered not starting. No. 3. First event of Grand Anniversary Handicap, a sweepstake of 10s. each, open to all comers, with trophy Fund 25 sovereigns added, to be contested at 160 yards, 300, 400, and 880 yards distance First division H. Thompson, white and blue rosette, 5 yards J R. Ferguson, tartan sash, scratch 2 T. O'Connor, green and white, yards 3 j Five others started. No. 4. Second division of the 150 yards event. T. Foster, marone and white, 6 yards 1 . R. Coulter, yellow sash, 6 yards 2 H. Lennon, mauve and white, 9 yards 3 G Smith, magenta sash, 7 yards 4 ' Three others started. No. 5. Bicycle race, a mile. 1st prize, 4 sovereigns; 2nd, 1 sovereign; 3rd, 10s. W. Jones, Dagworth, 15 yards 1 ' F. Davidson, Undaunted, 10 yards 2 J. Montgomery, Blue Bell, 30 yards.. 3 Several others started, and the race caused much amusement. No. 0. Sack race, 100 yards. 1st prize, 30s. ; 2nd, 10s. ; 3rd, 6s. ' a J. Kelso, 3 yards 1 D. Hourigan, 4 yards 2 , H. Gilchrist, 9 yards .... 3 Two others started, and there was a grotesque display of jumping under difficulties. , No. 7 was the run-off of the first event of the Anniversary Handicap,' 160 yards. . Foster.. .... .... 1 R. Coulter 2 H Thompson J. 3 A very good race. Foster won by a yard ; Coulter beating Thompson by about the same. Mr. 'Willie Vcrletti's performances on the horizontally formed the eighth item upon the programme, and he acquitted himself to the entire satisfaction of the spectators. . No. 9.- Hurdle Race, 150 yards. 1st prize, 3 sovereigns ; 2nd, 1 sovereign. First heat. . ' H. Thompson, blue rosette, 7 yards 2. J H. Johnson, green sash, 7 yards 2 L Pyke, yellow and black, 12 yards 31 Gilchrist, 14 yards (post entry). ' No. 10. Medley Race, quarter mile, running, walking, shopping, and backward running, and on all-fours, i 1st prize, 30s. ; 2nd, 13s. ; 3rd, 5s. First division. L Pyke, yellow and black, 3 yards is W. Bowman, brown sash, scratch ., '.. ' 2 J. Gordon, yellow and blue, 6 yards 31 No. 11. Second event, Grand Anniversary Handicap ; distance, quarter of a mile. i H. Lennon, mauve and white, 27 yards is R. Coulter, yellow sash, 17 yards 2. 2 T. Foster, marone and white, 18 yards 3 Twelve others started. j No. 12. Medley Race, quarter-mile. Second division. , G. E. Watson, pink rosette, 10 yards 1 H. Gilchrist, reel rosette, 5 yards .. ,. 2 , J. Kelso, tricolour, 10 yards .. 3' Six others started. by No. 13. Pole Vaulting. 1st Prize, 1 sovereign ; 2nd, 10s. ! ; G. Smith, pure and whites feet 3 inches) ,, li R. Toby, whites feet) 2! " No. 14. Gathering Forty Apples placed 1 yard apart, and one at a time. 1st prize, 30s ; 2nd, 10s. J T. O'Connor, green and white 1 ( , J. Kelso, tricolour.. .... 22 H. Gilchrist, red rosette .... ,, 5s No. 15 Bycicle race, second heat. followers .... .... li ' F Davidson .... <.. 21 W. Goodridge, Commodore.. 3 No. 16 Grand Anniversary Handicap, ; distance, half- mile. Third event. j "" II. Lennon, mauve and white, 45 yards 2. H R. Coulter, yellow sash, 28 yards 2 G. Smith, 28 yards 3 Seven others started. I No. 17. Sack Race ; 100 yards ; second heat. ' I J. Kelso .... .... 1 W. Kelso .... 2 H. Gilchrist (., ... 3! ' No. 18. Great Walking Match. 1st prize, 4 sovereigns , 2nd, 1 sovereign. Distance, 2 miles. J J. Finn, blue and white, 20 yards (disqualified) by W. Henerbry, purple, 110 yards .", ,. 2, W. Baker, black, scratch .... 3 An excellent race,'' and stoutly contested by Finn and Hon tary; but it appeared that the former had violated the strict rules of walking matches. Time, 16.5. No. 19. Hurdle Race ; 160 yards. L. Pyke an H. 'Thompson .... 22 \- Gilchrist .... .... 31 No. 20.- Medley Race quarter-mile. Run-off I L Pike .li ' W. Bowman .... .... 2 ; Event No. 21 was Mr. Willie Verlotti's performances on the horizontal bar. I , No. 22. Fourth event of the Grand Anniversary Handicap. Distance, 300 yards. J R. Coulter, yellow gash, 10 yards .. i H. Lennon, mauve and white, 15 yards 2 T. Foster, marine and white, 9 yards 3 The actual winner was thus Coulter, who' had scored 14 points ; Lennon, 13; and Foster 7. There were several other events, and the programme was brought to a termination at about half-past 6 o'clock. i > CONFERENCE PICNIC. The members of the Intercolonial Conference, a large number of members of Parliament, and other gentlemen, attended, a picnic given by the Government on the harbour. The Premier and the members of the Government, with the exception of Mr. Suther- land and Mr. Innes, were present and among the ghosts were the Hon. J. G. Francis Chief Secretary and Premier, and the Hon. Edward Langton. Treasurer, of Victoria ; the Hon. Sir Henry Ayers, K.O.M.O., Chief Secretary and Premier, and the Hon. J. H. Barrow, Treasurer, of South Australia ; the Hon. Julius Vogel, C.M.G., Colonial Treasurer and Postmaster- General, and the Hon. Mr. Reynolds, Commissioner of Customs, New Zealand: the Hon. J. M. Thompson, Secretary for Lands, Queensland 'by the Hon. J. M. Wilson, President of the Legislative Council, Tasmania and the Hon. Frederick P. Barlee, Colonial Secretary of Western, Australia, the Hon. Alexander Campbell, 'M.L.C.,. Sir William Manning,' M.L.C., Mr. Henry Prince, Mr. Andrew Garran, LLD)., the Rev. John Graham Mr. S. W. Jones, and Mr. Alexander, Budge. Several ladies were also of the party. The loving thoughts embarked on board the Thetis, which lay off the Circular, Quay, at about half-past 10 o'clock, and the vi ill then steamed round to the mail steamer off Moore's Wharf. The Thetis followed the- Baroda to Bradley's Head, and then returned to the flagship. Soon afterwards the ' party were taken round to Middle Harbour, and proceeded for a considerable distance boy and the Spit. In the afternoon they returned to view the regatta. ! PYRMONT PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY-SCHOOL. The annual treat was given yesterday to- the sunday-school children in connection with the Pyrmont Presbyterian Church (under the pastorate of the Rev Mr. Pattison) land a huge number of the parents and friends of the young folks availed themselves of the opportunity to takes litü. pleasure with them. The-place selected fortune clays' picnic was Birkenhead, on the Parramatta River'" and thither they were conveyed in the morning from Pyrmont and the Erskine-street Wharf, by steamers,' several hundred persons altogether being present The children were assisted in their games by their teachers, and liberally provided with coke and other refreshments. The pleasant day enabled all to enjoy themselves thoroughly, and the excursion was a decided success, in the evening the steamer brought the excursionists to their homes. i ORANGE INSTITUTION.-Yesterday, the members of this institution gave a grand picnic to Chowder Bay. " Between I two and three thousand people were present, and joined in the amusements, provided. A band was in at tendance, and at one time the number of dancers was so great that it was found necessary to ( leave the pavilion and dance on the grass. The weather was all that could he desired ; the visitors were well-behaved, and the steamers which plied to and from the ground were speedy and punctual. During the day many*visitekij|tho i fortifications at George's Head, and enjoyed the admirable prospect from that elevated and extremely picturesque spot. Whilst one of the steamers was leaving the bay, late in the afternoon, an accident occurred which might have been attended with serious consequences. Owing to the number of persons congregated at the extremity of the poor, the woodwork suddenly gave way, and a number of persons I (amongst whom were some ladies) were precipitated into the water. Happily no great harm was done beyond a very disagreeable wetting. The parties were all promptly I rescued from their unpleasant predicament, and went away with the rest of the people to Sydney. As one of those I stumers approached the wharf,, at the Circular Qua a another accident occurred. The vessel gave a sudden li' yes I and a young woman fell " overboard-the deck being r athel I crowded at the time. A young man, whose name came. not j transpire, instantly jumped into the water, and bravery 80. 1 named. the ten ified girl until a boat came promptly up and I took them both ashore. It' was reported in, town, last night, that a woman had been drowned through the of calling of shops at Chowder, but the above appears to horses I root statement of the facts of the case, which threw a ' damp upon the festivity at the Orange, Picnic, I J ATHOL GARDENS. An excursion took place to Athol Gardens in aid of the funds of the Roman Catholic Mission, of Paddington. A steamboat left the Circular Quay at is a ovals throughout the day, and was tolerably well patron item- some hundreds of excursionists visiting the pleasure groin, ds. There was an Irish piper and a band of music in the pavilion! met with their aid dancing was kept up, the young fulksprcscnt entering into the sport with great eagerness. Tie on)' passed pathway, and the holiday folk were landed in the city before dusk. BALMORAL.-- This place of entertainment was visited yesterday by a very large excursion party, under the aus- rites of the Australian Brothers of Temperance. Three steamers plied from the Circular Quay during the day, and it is estimated conveyed from two to three thousand persons in their various trips.' The committee of management; made excellent arrangements for their numerous patrons and the proceedings of the day were characterised by good feeling and order. Besides other music, the Artillery Band was on the ground. In the pavilion dancing was carried on vigorously, and other games were engaged in. Sous took advantage of the occasion to visit the fortifications on the North Shore. The excursion financially must have been a success, judging by the crowded steamers. WATSON'S BAY AND MANLY BEACH There were so many excursions and entertainments to attract the people, that those old but beautiful seaside resorts, Watson's Bay and Manly Beach, were less patronised by holiday folks than usual. Several steamers were, however, kept pretty busy in conveying excursionists thither. Both places possess sufficient attractions in themselves to secure always numerous visitors ; there are so many picturesque spots where picnic parties may enjoy themselves, and the rocks and beaches afford delightful walks. But one of the principal reasons which influence pleasure seekers to visit either Watson's Bay or Manly Beach is the delightful trip across our magnificent harbour. No other trips affords such a complete view of the beauties of the port is that to Manly and from no other spot, than from the high ground overlooking Watson's Bay can such, on extensive panorama of natural scenery be witnessed. The above watering-places will therefore over proTofavonriter retreats for pleasure parties and those who visited them yesterday must have spent a thoroughly pleasant day, as the weather was extremely fine, and the atmosphere was emperedby the cool sea breezes. SCHOOL OF ARTS A grand operatic and ballad concert was given at the School of Arts yesterday evening. The principal performers were Miss Ryall, Mrs. Conduit, Mr. R. L. Skinner, Mr. B. Leveson, and Mr. J. J. Ryall. The performance was thoroughly satisfactory. 