' 1 I UNDER THE VERANDAH The European telegrams are becoming rather perpluxiug. I have been racking my brains to understand the continental in- telligence. Russia and Great Britain are said to have been almost coming to blows about some expedition to Khiva. "Why should the mother country, after swallowing the San Juan and Geneva camels, make such a fuss about a gnat liko Khiva? Nor can 1 very clearly make out the Gennan news. There is a crisis in the telegrams, and a criii3 is recorded in the mail news. Are they the same crisis, or only a similar one ? Is Sanib » drunk again, or is it the same drunk ? should be very glad if the editors of the daily newspapers, who know everything, would condescend to afford us a little information on tliuBe matters. Thoy might act the part <>f flirt nlmrnu fn n flMinlr' iJak n».1 hill « . vv — vsvvn. twill tun it 9 what all the pother is about. At present it is rather puzzling to a plain man like myself. ' Judging by the quantity of ice which Mr. Francis put on hoard the Baroda for his sixty hours' trip to Sydney, he has already found it necessary to cool the ardor of some of his brother delegates. If Western Australia has been placated by allowing the P. ami < >. steamer to stop at Freinantle, and South Australia by permitting the detour to Ade laide, Victoria will have a host of allies in addition to Tasmania, whose postal interests are identical with our own. Another item of fashionable intelligence lias arrived by tlib mail. Eliot Yorko, whos0 good looks turned the heads of half tlio young ladies in Melbourne and Sydney, and who completely put the Duke of Edinburgh into the shade, is, according to V unity Fair about to marry one of the daughters of Sir Anthony Rothschild. Between the Hard- wickes and. tlio gront Hebrew financici-s there lias always been a close connection I don't know that any money has been lent on the estates, but Victor Alexander Yorko died two years ago at a party given at the hniinn of thn Wrnn mid no I 11111 Tinf. ninnriiml \- — — I — — — - — " X' - at the matrimonial arrangement. But what are we to understand by tlio announcement that the young lady is not to turn Christian ? Does that mean that the fascinating Eliot is to become a Jew ? And if so, how is tho chango of faith to bo managed? This is a clear case for a testimonial. The London Punch is seriously perturbed, at the intelligence that, while London is covered with the funereal pall of a November fog, the sky is clear and the weather warm in Australia. Perhaps lie forgets that sun shino is not such a novelty here as at the j antipodes. Every one has heard of the story of the grifiiu — the Anglo-Indian term for a new-chum — the First time ho went upon parade. "A fine sunshiny day, Major," he remarked, desiring to placate that ofliccr. " D your line sunshiny days," growled the old Indian ; " I've seen very little else I those twenty-five years." If the writer of tlio I sketch in London Punch hnd spent a few days in Melboumo during such weather as we had on Sunday last, he might hail an English November fog as a pleasing novelty. The gentlemen who dish up .the Aus tralian . news for the Home New niul the European Mail certainly deserve credit for their industry. But their power ofin. vention is not so remarkable. The anecdotes about Mr. Lowe have been told of half a hundred other people, and the speculation pi which Anglo-Australian and the othei indulge about our affairs are simply ridicul ous. The only possible advantage that I can discover as likely to arise out f»f telegraphic communication between Australia and Europe is that it may possibly improve both those silly journals out of existence. Clergymen must live, like other people, and for a parson to advertise that lie is pre pared to perform marriages cheaply and promptly is not worse than similar announce ments by . members of ""other professions. All ideas 'A out the dignity of certain occu pations have long since been flung to the winds. Men go in for money, and honor is nowhere. But it is too bad that after a clergyman's name lias been brought before the public in connection with a very ques tionable marriage, ho should trade upon his notoriety. The conduct of Mr. Kinsman lias not been of a kind, I should imagine, to commond itsolf very much to his congruga. tion, if he has any. The London police, who have been recently upon strike for shorter hours and inoro pay, must envy their Melbourne brethren. Not very long ago a constable drove down to the police court, where he hod to attend professionally, in his own buggy. Inc|uitica | wero made, and explanations asked. The man at first pleaded that the buggy was net his own, but hiB son's; but he eventually turned the tables upon liis accusers by asking if there was anything in the police regulations to prohibit a constable from keeping a buggy. Even Captain Standish was nonplussed. I do not wish to say any thing ill-natured, or to disapprove of habits of frugality. But what strikes mo aB singular is not eo much a police constable becoming wealthy cnoughtokeep abuggy, but that a man wealthy enough to keep a buggy Bkould remain in tho police. There must bo something peculiarly fascinating about catch ing thieves, and telling larrikins to move on. The argument which was so frequently brought forward during the discussion! upon the Education Bill, that parents might safely b? ed with the training of their children, met with-a somowhat singular ex emplification at Ballarat the other day. A father insisted upon keoping hiB child in court during tho investigation of a some what peculiar case. Tho magistrates re monstrated, but the man said he had a motive— that of teaching the boy morality. The matter was settled by the fellow being expelled the court, although he might liavo pleaded that ho was following tho cxamplo of tho Spartans, who taught their sons sobriety by showing them what disgusting brutes tielols were when thoy had been made drunk. The lutost strikcista are the actresses at the 'Parisian theatres. These ladies do not grumblo so much at insufficient salaries, as at the frightful expense they arc put to for dross. One artiBto complains that just as tho curtain was about to rise, the stage manager took o. part out of her hands, and gave it into those of a rival, because she Woro mock pearls, which the character, that of a woman of rank and fashion, demauded thr.i tlicy should bo real 01103. I'ienica are' now givon moro frequently, and upon a much, larger scale than thoy lermorly were. Eighty or a hundred guests .-ro not at allunfrequent. Fo.- many reasons I approve of tho change. Out-of-door amusements aro certainly the best adapted for Australia. But I think that tho day light is tho proper time for al frtr.c.6 excur- sion.s. The Survey Paddock at midnight iB scarcely tho proper place for a lot of young girls. Certainly, tho sun-light is bad for the complexion. But then Luna has drawbacks of her bwn. A. capital snake story comas from Now oouth Wales. Tho Lroneh always main tain that their troops at Waterloo woro beaten because their sensitive ears could not endure the sound of tho bagpipes. A imako has developed a similar disgust for the music of the Gael. All attempts to dislodge him from a house having proved ineffectual, a piper was produced. Scarcely had lie got through hafhtt-ilozen bars than tho poor reptile crept out of his hole, and at onoo gavo up the ghost. Halford, Fayror, and thtt Vest must Took to their laurels. Tho turf i3 about to bo reformod. Wallis Jia3 broken the eleventh commandment : Ho has been found out. Tho decision of the Croxbon Park stewards to warn him off their course has been adopted by tho committee of tho batting rojm, and I suppose that all via racing club3 in tho colouy will follow nrtit. Fortunately for Wallis he lias managed to rnakoa tolerably good round sum of money, and so tlio sonteuco will not bo quito so terrible as it otherwise would havo boon. There aro throe resources opon to him — tho Verandah, politics, or foreign travel. As an Australian millionaire he might create quito a sensation in Europe. Mi1. Korferd has administered one or two pretty sharp lessens to coronera and magis trates, and not beforo it was time. Ho Y>;rjon dusiros to seethe Executive interfor-i i ig with tho administration of justice, but when the beaks wrest tho law to suit their ov/n prejudices, and coroners order human remains to be unuecosmrily mangled in ordor to put a fee into the pockets of their friends, it is high time for the interposition of BJine (leu: 1 ej; vnchin t, and this time it 'a the Solicitor-General. I woudor how Mr. Candler likes the snub recontly administered to Jiim. , The old adage notwithstanding, coals havo Leon carried to . Newcastle, there being none in that plaeo while at Sydney there was a Jgood supply. Unless tno colliers' strike uomc3 to an end beforo many weeks are oyer, the wood-cartora will have a lively time of it, and cvory factory in Melbourno will havo to knock off work. Tho high prices should make tho Kilcunda pcoplo push on with their tramway. The marriage of Mr. William Clarke, the lioir of the wealthiest man in Australia, would havo created more cxciteinont in almost any ofchqr country than it has in v i ifcoria. American journalists would havo devoted columns to descriptions of the beauty and grace of the brido, tho toilettes of tho Bridesmaids, and tho appearance of the bridegroom. In England tho column3 of the Morniny Post would havo teemed with the particulars of tho nuptials of a landed proprietor whoso estates aro more oxtensivo than those of the Duko of Sutherland, and whose income is not very much loss than .that of tho Marquis of Wo3tmin3tcr. Hero the solo notice of tho proceedings was tho modest announcement m tho daily news papers that William, the eldest son of W. J. 1\ Clarke, had married Janot, tho eldest daughter of tho late Peter Snodgrass, M.P. J Am glad to see that Mr. Clarke made other people-happy as well as himself, and that ho lias forwarded some handsome donations to the various charitable institutions. Pro perty has its duties as well jw if.i plfrlii. ATTICUS. 