0U1LRMT EVENTS. METitoroHTAN Banb. — The conceit adver tised to lake place in tho Botanical Gardens this evening, is posl ponod in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. Tin; ' Biunds Act. — A supplement of tho Government Gazelle was issued this morning, containing a statement of the brands registered under tho new act during the month of March last. A Correction. — It was erroneously statod in our issue of yesterday, when referring to tho new boll ordored from Sydney for- the Post Ollicc clock, that tho bell at the Normal School was cast in Brisbane by Mr. Jlood, of Edward street. Tho actual founder was Mr. 21 Gibson' of the samo street, and the credit should pro perly belong I o that gentleman. School of Arts. — We havo been requested to call the attention of subseibers to this insti tution to an error which uppoared in our con temporary's notice of tho annual mooting this morning. Persons not looking at tho advertise melit might bo led to gupppso that tho meeting was to take place this evening, whereas it doc3 not como off till to-morrow evening. The Supreme Coubt. — We were sorry to hear that Mr. Lukin, tho chief clerk of tho ofl!cc9 of the Supremo Court, was unable to attend to hi3 duties to-day in consequence of severe indisposition j his absence, although un avoidable, coupled with tho absence of tho Registrar, is likely to obstruot the routine of business in the upper courts. Scitooi OX' Auts. — Mr. Chapman hasarranged a most atltaclive programme for Thursday night, nnd among the numerous new illusions ho promises tho Ghost, Money, and S.S. tricks, - which of themselves are worth tho price of ad mission. As an addition, an amateur has pro mised to perform the celebrated Parker foals of severing'a whole sheep at a blow ; cutting tho bar of lend, &c;, &c.; Tho weather being pro pitious, Mr. Chapman deserves a, good house. A Missixa CitAPT. — Many enquiries were made to-day as to tho whereabouts of the schooner Captain Cook, which is reported as ' missing' from the river. She is supposed to liavo surreptitiously taken her departure during the night of Monday, or Sunday last, together, it is presumed, with the late master of the schooner Isabella '(Tubbs), nn^ 'a thought to havo gone on a ' voyftgo of discovery' to tho Solomon Islands, of to New Coledonia, or tho ITijis. She lias, at all events, loft tho port without paying Her Majesty's Customs tho compliment of announcing her intended depar ture, and consequently without taking her ship's clearance. ' , An Unpleasant Throw. — Yesterday morn ing an accident occurred in the Valley, which, to use a conventional phrase, ' might have been, attended with fatal results.' A well known inhabitant of Ipswich was coining in from Breakfast Creek to Brisbane on horseback, when, fa'ling in with a mounted constablo cantering along in the Bamo direction, ho commenced a conversation. Presently, his horse began to nvince symptoms of restlossnc3B, whereupon tho constable cleared out of tho way, and not too soon, for in another moment his companion's horse shied, dashed' against a passing cab, and deposited his rider on tho broad of his buck in some two feet depth of mud, from which igno minious position ho was luckily jescuod before a wheel had tried the strength of his ribs. An AnscoNniut. — In our issue of Monday last, wo mentioned a rumor then ulloat that a person, whoso name was unmentioned, had absconded, and was likely to bo implicated in a more sorious charge. We wore not in posses sion of tho full particulars at that- time,,but , woro acquainted with the fact that the rumor referred to'Mr. J. J. Tubbs, of Uinpie Bong, the contractor- for the timber piles necessary for the construction of the river embankment at Maokay. The schooner Isabolla wa3 clmrtorod for tho purposo, and tho reported absconder — who for' morly 'traded to the north with the schobnor ]5va — lmd made several trips in . hor. Amongst the victims of tho defaulter aro sovoral of the pmartost business men in tho city, and it. if stated that two of tho banks- have boon befooled ; bnt, whether the latter roport be truo or not, it is very certain that tho means devised were suc cessful in quarters where dupes were least likely to bo found. Evory day discloses fresh evidence of guilt, and demonstrates that a series of systematic frauds haB been pevpotrated. Land Obiwrks to Volunteehs. — Thoso volunteers in tho Brisbane companies who havo 'stuck to theiiv colors,' and entitled them selves to. land orders under tho Volunteer Act ? f 18G8, -will receive their well-earned guerdon to-night. Tho requisite orders havo, wo under stand, been handed over by tho Government to Lieutenant G-oary, tho Brigade Adjutant, for distribution, 'and that officer will this evening deliver them to tho men entitled to receive them at the Drill-room in Georgo-streot. Tho orders entitlo the holders to fifty ucros of country or ton acres of suburban. Suicide. — Wo tako tho following from tho columns of the Maryborough. Chronicle :— A melancholy case of suicide, rendered tho more distressing by tho suspicion that but for un reasoning prcj udico and ignorance tho final consummation of tho dreadful deed might possibly have been averted, occurred on Thurs day afternoon at the farm of Mr. John Clementsi on the Mary Rivor. An elderly man, named iTumes Burns, aged about 60, had beou doing light work about the place since January last, receiving board and lodging us a consideration for such services a3 ho was ablo to render. Until the day in question nothing rcmarkablo had been noticed in his .demeanour, and ho seemed uniformly cheerful and contented. Alter dinner, 'on Thursday, however, ho com plained of feeling unwell, and Clemonts pro cooded to his afternoon's work, leaving him at the house. On his return,' somewhat late in the evening, seeing nothing of Burns, ho went into the barn, und tlicro found the old man suspended to a beam by a rope, with tho chair, by which ho had mounted, ki.-ked away from under him. Instead of immediately cutting the body down, aud ascertaining whether uny life remained in it, a point on which some doubt exists, Clements went and held a consultation . with two of his neighbors, the upshot being that they left the man hanging while they came into town and apprised the police, arriv ing nt the police station between 11 und 12 at night. Although nothing could be gained then by hastening to the spot, two of tlie police at once wont out and took down tho .corpse. It is a lamentable proof of the vitality of error that the silly notion ns to the unlaw fulness of interfering under cireumsl^nccs liko these- should still continue to prevail, notwith standing the constant admonition of the press, both in En»land and Australia, that it is tho first and undoubted duty of every man to en deavor to save lifo where the remotest chanco of doing so yet exists. In connection with this painful subject, we hear that strong objections wero made against allowing tho deceased to bo buried on the farm, lest tho presence of tho remains of the poor lifo- weary suicide should bring ill-luck to its proprietor. A magisterial inquiry wns held yesterday by tho Police Magis tvate, at which the above facts were elicited. 