G-EEAT BKITAIff. ? « ? DE, VATJGHAN ON 'THE MAEKS OF THE TEUE CHURCH.' The Liverpool Times gives the following report of a sermon delivered in the principal church of that city recently by his Grace the Coadjutor Archbishop of Sydney. On ascend ing the pulpit his Grace was arrayed in the appropriate robes and insignia of his high office. The attendance was large. Taking for his tion is this ?' his Grace said that every man in this world made his image and inscription upon his work ; he left his mark either for good or evil. If they saw a good painting or a work of any note, they said ' the style is unmistakable — the author has left his mark upon it.' The very handwriting of a man, they were told, represented an image, to some extent, of himself. They all left their marks for good or evil upon the face of this world or in the souls of men. Man leaves his small mark ; God made His mark, and we know His works by the mark He placed upon them. Let them soar up for a moment into the highest heavens and see the bright spirits that adored before the face of their God — bright spirits with intellects compassing far more than the most learned in this world, with wills fixed upon adoring Him who made them bright, quick, lightning-like spirits made by His hand to administer to His will, to adore and glorify Him, and to manifest ,in the highest heavens His brightness, purity, quickness, will, and intellect. Praising Him in their choirs, and sending up the incense of the prayers of the saints before Him, manifesting His bright ness, His wondrous love, His beauty, in a finite shape, but manifesting all as the mark of God who created them. And looking abroad throughout the bright and beautiful earth, all fresh and green in the spring- time, bursting into flower and blossom, they saw it manifesting His beauty even from the coarse clay from which it sprung. His mark was on the everlasting hills ; His mark in the quiet valley ; His mark amidst the noisy peals of the thunder and the brightness of the lightning ; His mark in the calm noontide of summer ; His mark when the heavens broke out into brightness at night ; His mark throughout the world, in the high mountain, in the little flower by the hedgerow side ; in the vast forest, 111 the small atom, His mark written upon all ; and the more we looked at and examined it the more we saw that great and glerious, strong and powerful, beauteous and to be adored is the Lord God, Who made us, Who made the earth and the heavens, and all tliiugs that are above and beneath. And while we could only image how beautiful are the angels, we could enter into the very tabernacle of ourselves and see how great a ?work God has made in man ; for we could Anton iii+/\ r.,-./^ ---l-.iv-lr n-nA TnnvvAl a t. nnrsfil ves. ?*«»UV1 XllVKJy CllXlL UlXXi-1.11., «»1A« AiAM,*. » v--*- «-v v w »— -. — — — . -~ j and almost be turned dizzy at the thought of ourselves, whom He has made with strong, quick intellects, headlong wills, yearning after many things, unsatisfied with every thing, craving for more light, for stability, for something above, for God's friendship, that we might feel secure on this earth on 'which we dwell. His mark is written on our brows, His mark speaks in the aspiration of our souls, in the yearnings of our hearts. Angels, earth, man ! He had made his mark upon something more marvellous than the angels, more beauteous than the earth, and more powerful than man. We felt that there were many things which we know not ; that man had fallen, that his intellect is darker than it originally was, and that were it not for the gift of God, we should be wander ing in the darkness and shadows of death, following our passions, and living like ani mals or worse. God, seeing that man's intel lect was dark, vouchsafed to create an instru ment for giving it light — a glorious instru ment, without spot or wrinkle, coming down out of heaven from God and illuminating man's will and directing his heart. It stood to reason that 'God, omnipotent and all-wise, creating an instrument for giving men the light of truth and the law of justice, would give a perfect instrument. For, in the first place, in God there is no possibility of ignor ance; and secondly, His marvellous, infinite, and divine knowledge has- no contradiction ; it is in completeness and harmony — in as great harmony as there is in Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and it is of such a nature that it must be uncompromising with' truth. Hence He is completely clear, harmonious, and uncompromising in His knowledge ; and that being so, the instrument He made must possess in its own measure these attributes. This instrument would speak harmonious truth, and would speak uncompromisingly, and publish boldly the truth of God. *This instrument was the Eoman Catholic and Apostolic Church. If he was asked whose image and inscription it bore he would say that of the great God of heaven — Whose image showed itself in the utterance of a distinct creed, in the harmony of her doctrines, in the uncompromising man ner in which she suffered and battled for truth. It was a marvel to the men of the nineteenth century — Rationalists, Atheists, Pantheists, and Semi-believers — that our Church should still maintain the same truths before, and maintain them with such a decided voice that no man could fail to understand them. There was the mark of the King, the image of Christ and the Apostles on the Church in the nineteenth cen tury. Even our enemies only accused us of inventing new doctrines — they did not say we had destroyed this or that doctrine. They say ' You have invented the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, the dogma of Infallibility of the Pope,' just as a man might say on seeing a tree send forth new shoots, 'I see you have invented new blossoms.' Just as trees in the spring time sent forth their leaves, so it is with the Church of God. She sends forth more expli citly expressions of her doctrines. And she was uncompromising in her teachings, had given the blood of her martyrs, lost territories, taiad became an opprobrium to the people because she would teach unpalatable doctrine, and would not compromise. His Grace then made a comparison between the unity of the Catholic Church and the disunion of Protes tant sects. The latter, he said, had not those signs which were essential to the true Church — clearness of expression, harmony of doc trine, and uncompromising teaching of truth. The offspring of the principle of private judg ment had been 365 different religions and beliefs. Was that principle marked with the marie 01 me J\\.mg r vv nau was me narmony of the principle of private judgment, where a man thought as he liked, every man, as they knew, differing in his mind from others ? ynd what had the principle done with regard to the uncompromising nature of truth ? They believed that a little truth and a part of error would save them. Was that the mark of the King of Truth ? It was a painful thing to see them. As at the Deluge thou sands were swimming in the waters, endea vouring for a place to put their feet upon, so they were now struggling for Christ and the future, and knew not where to go. He did not say these things out of any unkindly spirit, but when he felt that he had given him by God an instrument for teaching him the very truth, he longed to give it to them. To Catholics he would say, ' study these marks of truth,' for the more they studied them the more they would find that the teaching of the Church is articulate and clear, harmonious and uncompromising. And to those who did not belong to the Faith he would also say, ' study them,' for the more they studied their own religion the more they would find that there is a want of harmony and that there are compromises in it. His Grace then exhorted his hearers to give their aims generously. 