Mr. S*Mtf!«ON said the brkkta at Frome rjossntfj would be a very greai convenience— not only tfj persons in the city, but others out to the North- Eaat Especially would that be the case in tbe event, which mest eooh happen, of the Com peny'fi Bridge bciDR swept aw3y. He did not think the Cosporation would be inclined to add to the cost of the works they had undertaken by making the new road referred to by Mr. Wpsc-Erskine. Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIytb) said it would be a satisfaction to Mr. Cottrell and Mr uolcmon to see a work for which they had laboured for a long time carried out. He had always voted for a bridge at the Frome Crossing which would be a ?reat convenience to his con stituents and the inhabitants of Robe Ward, and it would be a gieat advantage when the Botanic Garden was extended. The Finoisa, commonly called the City Bridce, was now too narrow for the traffic, and there was considerable danger of accident. It had been of good service, but it was not cow equal to the requirements of the City road, although it mijiht be very' useful higher up fir. p'EARCE wished to protest against any ccntemplated diversion of the traffic which passed the Hospital to a road by the institute, as the arcuuients bad been in favour of providing access to the southern part of the city. He would sup port the motion, and would support any motion to supplement money raised for building bridges unless there was some strong reason against his doing eo. . The motion was earned. . The House resumed, and the resolution was re ported and aareed to. TENDERS FOR GOVERNMENT WORKS. Mr. RAMSAY moved 'That in the opinion of this House the Govern ment should invite tenders in the Province of South Australia for the supply of all goods. merchandise, and machinery required for our railways, telegraph, or other Government works, before sending to Lnfcland or elsewhere for them.' He moved the motion because of an answer given to Mr CoaAer in September last, when it was lUted that the Agent-General wrote in refence to some locomotive engines which had been ordered that tbe work would be completed by the end of Ceceffler if the firm contracting could posaibly icawplish it. Hon. members would see the disadvantage to the colony if the contract was not rarned out, but if taken in the colony the con tractor could be bound by heavy penalties. A hundred trucks had also been ordered, and Mr. Dutton said of these— 'I hope the wagons will reach Adelaide some time in December.'' He thought we had arrived at that time n our history when we should follow the example oi Victoria in this particular, and so save inonty. There was nothing to prevent the trucks nhich had Deem ordered being made in the colony i tenders had been called at the same time that :he order was sent, and there would have been. more chance of their being finished in time. He thought the present Government were more dis posed than others to fulfil orders in the colony— [Hear, hear)— but he thought this would strengthen their hands. The principle he sought to carry oac rould give capitalists an opportunity of investing in goods that would be required. Previously the Victorian Government always sent to England for Ibeir locomotives; but 12 months ago they called for tenders. The lowest tender was more than the highest from England; but they thought it wortn irhile to pay jSlO more, because they would be encouraging the development of the resources of th e :o'ony, giving capitalists an opportunity of employ ;nz capital, and inducingpopulationtocome, besides zivinjj the rising population an opportunity of finding employment in the colony. For the first lot of colonial engines the Victorian Government paid £2sj-i more than on the English price, but the cext order was taken at a lower figure than before, swing to Companies having been formed and men Having been educated to the work. A man might nore profitably invest £1.000 with. 20 others in a Jompany for making locomotive engines than by putting the money into Northern Territory gold ihares. (Hear, hear.) Then the blankets that irere purchased for the natives and hospitals might be obtained here; and be thought if the Govern ment called for tenders in the colony it would be a great boon, because it would encourage manu factories which had been established to go oa. In the Melbourne Gazette the Government would tender for everything they wanted, and he did not see why the Government here should not adopt the same coarse. If some of the things required irere not produced here it would be only fair to illow importers to tender, and he believed by their igents they could obtain materials more cheaply tfcan the Government could. The Agent-General with his multifarious duties could not devote much ime to obtaining the various things required, and i man not understanding a trade could be greatly mposed upon. Mr. WEST-EESKINE seconded, and thought he thanks of the House, tbe public and the mer ±ants and importers were due to the hon. member. the Government seemed to have been infected with lomething like the Japanese iabbit mania, and iesired to import everything they required, tie was certain that great rascalities were perpe rated and enormous commissions charged .hrongh this system of sending for American, English, or Eussian articles, when we had the ome things in South Australia, The suggestion )t Mr. Kamsay with reference to the Government )ujing blankets in Sooth Australia was one he uptd woold be attended to. The rags given to he natives had no substance, and it was a sin 0 afford them no better clothing. He :ad a letter from the Far North complaining of he treatment of the natives, and he had tried to nduce various Governments to see that they did lot starve. He thought if the Government would live an order for colonial blankets they might get 1 tetter article at a moderate cost. Mr. fcOLOMON was quite in favour of the notion, but was afraid some inconveniences might -esult if it was made a hard-and-fast rule. He rould move to insert after the word 'should' 'in all cases where practicable.' He thought it indefinable to take oat of the bands of the Executive that which it was theii doty to attend to. Mr. SMITH, seconded the amendment. He ho'jj-ht Eome discretionary power should us left a the Ministry. If they waited for the establish nent of locomotive engine manufactories they might wait till doomsday— (No)— because the ieniand would be so small that there would be no encouragement to start works. Ihe motion as proposed to be amended would not compel the Uovernment to call for tenders in the colony for everything they required, bat he thought they should encourage local industries as much as possible. The COMMISSIONER of PCJBUC WOKK3 [Hon. H. E. Bright) said the Government would not have accepted the motioa as proposed, as it would have hampered thtm and delayed workB; bnt tbe amendment pat quite a different construc tion upon the resolution. The Government were anxious as far as practicable to call for tenders in the colony; bat if insulators or huge quantities of railway material were required, it would only be a Ka&te; of time to call for tenders in the colony. For the railway engines ordered the Government were not responsible, but hoped they would arrive in December. The Government would go for the amendment, and he hoped Mr. llamsay would iccept it Mr. TOWNSEND hoped the hon. member ffould accept the amendment. He would support it. and if not carried he would oppuse the motion. Ihe hon. member should not ask the 'ioverument to do mere than he would himself, for he would, if he wished to obtain anything, try to get it as cheaply ia possible in the colony, and if he could not get it he would try to get it in the cheapest market eleswhere. and that was what the Government khculi do. The Government should encourage local industries as far aspotsible-(Mr. Cottrell— 'They don't')— but they should not be held by a reselution like this. Be was surprised at the hon. member, who had been in a Ministry, bringing forward a motion on an Executive question like this. If the amendment were carried it would leave the matter as at present, the Government would begin to get what they wanted here, and if they could not get it they should go to the cheapest maiket elsewheie. Mr. KB1CHAUFF did not blame the present Government, but be knew that former Govern ments had been in the habit of neglecting to io what the proposition 6aid, and therefore he thought it would be well to carry it. Even the present Treasurec, although be had been informed that persoijs were willing to tender for the Post-Oific* clock^bnt an order to England for it. Mr. COTTRELL observed that there was no doubt a tendency on the part of Governments to import, and it really seemed as if they did all they could to check the progress of the colony. (Sear, hear.) Many capitalists would be willing to go into manufactures if the Government would give them tbe opportunity. Many articles were im ported by the Government whick could be manu factured cheaper in the colony— railway trucks, for instance — as te had himself proved when they failed to fet them from England, and he manu factured them. He should certainly watca the iipvernmeot closely on this point. Mr. 11NDSJLY agreed wka the last speaker that Governments had a general tendency to import. Locomotives it might at present be neces sary to iasport, feut ordinary waswu, he believed, could be made much better aod cheaper than they could be imported. In Belgiaia they carried fiomtwototwoanda half their own weight: in America, tfcree; feut those imported from England wouldcarrvaboutoneanda half times their own weight, ami they could never expect the railwaya to pay until they had an alteration in that respect. He did not think a hard-and-fast role could be made to bind the Government in all ciaes, and therefore be thought it would be better to carry ihe resolution in the form proposed by Mr Solomon. Mr. PEAECE supported the motion, believing that it did cot bind the Government as some mem Ujs tfcought (Mr. West- Erslrine-'Hear. hear.') It i!fa';iEed tbe principle that generally the Govern ment should invite tenders in the colony, but that U theyatw an absolute necesaity to depart from it they could do so. The hon. mover drew attention to the fact of tbe Agent- General ordering an engine without the contractor being bound to deliver it at any given time, but for sometime Bince in tbe state of the iron market it had been neces sary to do that unless persons wanted to pay a great deal more for the article. (Mr. Solomon—' Hear, 'he CHIFF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) heptd the amended form of the motion would be carried, for he was sure any Government would scmetimes be seriously hampered if the resolution was carried in the original form. So long as he was in the Government he would use every effort to avoid the troublesome plan of importing, which Ecnjf hon. members seemed to think the Govern ment was fond of ; and whenever an article could be manufactured in the coiony he pledged himself not to order it from England 'until he had called for tenders to see if it could be made here. (Hear hear ) But there were cases when it would be a simple loes of tune to advertise here. Sudden emergencies might arise, and the articles which could not be obtained here could not be ordered at once if the original motion was carried, because tenders had not been called here. In any case he took it it did not mean that the Government should call for tenders from importers for the supply of goods, such as telegraph poles, for instance, which they could obtain much cheaper themselves. (Hear, hear.) Mr. RAMSAY said the Commissioner of Public H orks had referred to insulators, but how did he know they could not be made here until he called for tenders for them? If after doing so he could not get a satisfactory offer, he could send to England or elsewhere. The resolution bound the Government no further than that. He was per fectly willing to accept the Chief Secretary's oiler; but the present Government would not always be in office, and he Bhould not like to hght the battle over again with the next Ministry, and therefore it would be well to pass the reso lution. There was a tendency on the part of uovernment officials towards importing; and if they brought, as they frequently did, the speci fications and indents to the Minister the day the mail left, or a few days before, it put a serious responsibility on the Minister to sign them, be cause if they did not it necessitated the delay of a month under any circumstances. (Hear, hear.) The question that the words ' proposed to be inserted' be then inserted was put and declared carried. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE called for a division ?- Ayes, 10-The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works. Messrs. Carr, Duncan, Pearce, Smith, Stow, Townsend, and Solomon (teller). Noes, 5— Messrs. L'ottrell, Krichauff, Lindsay, BatDEay, and West- Erskine (teller). Majority of 5 for the Ayes. The resolution was then passed as amended. JOURNALS OF THE HOUSE. Mi. CARR moved 'That the Clerk prepare, during the coming recess, a general index to the Journals of the House from 1S57 to the end of the present session.' This was a continuation of a work which had been done up to lSt7, and was of great service. Carried. INSTITUTE AT STOCKPORT. In Committee. 31 r. PEARCE moved— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to recom mend this House to make provision in the Esti mates for the year 1&74 to an extent not exceeding ££00, for the purpose of supplementing private subscriptions with an equal amount for the erec tion of an Institute at Stockport, on the trusts thereof being approved of by the Attorney General.' The Township of Stockport at present was not in possession of any room for holding public meet ings, and the Institute would be of great conveni ence to it. Ihe COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS [Hon. H. E. Bright) asked the hon. member to make the amount for 1S74-5. Mr. PEARCE had no objection, and at the Bame time would move to amend the reselution by striking out £200, and inserting £250. (A laugh.) Ihe CHAIRMAN said the hon. member having moved the resolution could not do that. Mr. S10W would move that amount. The motion was amended and carried, the House resumed, and the resolution was agreed to. THE ASSEMBLY CHAMBER. Mr. CARR moved ' That a report, with plan, showing how the Government intend to provide the increased accommodation required in the House of Assembly Chamber for forty- six members, be hud on the table of this House forthwith.' Carried. 'GOVERNMENT GAZETTE' IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. CARE, for Mr. Ward, moved— ' That a copy of all correspondence on the sub iect of the establishment of a Government Gazette ind printing office in the Northern Territory be laid on the table of this House.' Carried. ENLARGEMENT OF THE SOUTH AUS TRALIAN INSTITUTE. Mr. CARR moved ' That there be laid on the table of this House xipies of all plans prepared for a proposed enlarge ment of the buildings occupied by the South Aus tralian Institute, antf all letters and correspondence between the Governors of that institution and the Uovernment relating thereto, and dated since January 1, 1&70 ; and also copies of all correspon denc« referring to the erection of new Institute buildings, and copies of instructions for competing architects, showing the nature and extent of ac commodation which they will have to provide in the proposed buildings.' Carried. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE AND MUSEUM. Mr. CARR moved— ' That a return be laid on the table of this House, showing the total amount expended in the erec tion, enlargement, and alteration of the buildings now occupied by the South Australian Institute and Museum.11 Carried. GLENELG CORPORATION LEASING BILL. Mr. TOWNSEND moved ' That he have leave to introduce a Bill for aa Act to enable tbe Corporation of Glenelg to lease certain portions of the sea beach at Glenelg for bathing places.'1 Leave was given, and the Bill brought in, read a first time, and the second reading fixed for next Wednesday. RETURNS RE PORT WAKEFIELD AND KADLNA TRAMWAY. Mr. LINDSAY, for Mr. Akgas. moved— 'That a return be laid on the table of this House showing— 1. The traffic or supposed traffic on the main line of road between Port Wakefield and Kadina. 2. The area of land surveyed within the limits of the country likely to be benefited by the construction of a tramway from Port NVakefield to Kadina, as indicated and coloured blue on the plan submitted by the Commissioner of Public Works. :i. The area of /and purchased and acreage under cultivation within Buch limits. 4. The estimated cost of working, and probable revenue to be de rived from the proposed tramway.'1 The COMMISSION KR of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) suggested that the words ' Moonta and Wallaroo'1 be added after the word 'Kadina' in the first paragraph. He thought it would have been as well to have struck out the word 'supposed,' as supposititious returns could not be reliable. The Govern ment were uuite prepared to agree to the motion as amended; but mu.-t give the hon. member due notice that he could not have the information in time for the consideration of the Port Wakefield and Kadina Tramway Bill. Mr. RAMSAY thought that tbe Government should have ascertained what the traffic would be likely to be before proposing to spend a large sum of money in the construction of a tramway. The principal traffic consisted of fruit and such things for the Adelaide market, and two of Cobb's coaches passed along the road daily. There was considerable traffic from Clare and the head of Bljth's Plains to Moonta, but that would not go down to Port Wakefield. Mr. SMITH thought the insertion of the pr- posed words would not meet the case altogether. There were other places besides Moonta and Wal laroo that would contribute to the traffic— such as townships being formed around the mines. He regretted the position taken up by Mr. Ramsay. Mr. RAMSAY called attention to the state ef the House Mr. SMITH was proceeding — Attention was again called to the state of the House. A quorum having been made up Ihe motion as amended was earned. ADMINISTRATION OF LAW IN TUB NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. CARR moved- a . . .. ' That copies of all letters and report! in the pos=ession of the Government, making complaints of or referring to the administration of justice in the Northern Territory, or of so much of any letter or report as relates to Uub subject, be hud on the table of this House.' a he ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. a Mann) must object to comply w»th the motion if the Inn. member did not give some reasons for it. The motion was far too general. For instance, there were letters and reports amongst the papers called for in reference to cases which were now t'th judicc, and if they were laid on the table much injury to the parties might be the result, Air. CAKR would amend his motion by inserting the words 'insufficient provision for' after 'to.' Mr. SMITH called attention to the stite of the HouEe. The bells were rung, and the ufuiI tinv* havine elapsed, the House was declared adjourn jd at a quarter before 9 till next day. PAIES. Mr. Ward'B Land Motion— For going into Com mitte, Messrs. Laurie and Rees; against, Messrs. Ramsay and Hughes. Mr. Cair's Motion for Amendment of Licensed Victuallers Act— For, Messrs. West-Erekine and Mann; against Messrs. Fausay and Townsend. THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WwTAUTCnAv October 15. The Sfkakib took the Chair at 2 o'clock. OCEAN POSTAL SERVICE. Mr. BABROW asked the Chief Secretary whether the Government had yet concluded any xratract wun tne government 01 Yicwna m »cic rence to the Ocean Postal Service. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blvth) Mid the Government had completed an agreement, Dut the paper*, although he had written for them ,wice, had not yet been sent for signature. TEI EGRAPHIC CHARGES. Mr. SOLOMON asked the Chief Secretary if he irae aware that a charge of sixpence for horse-hire »as made for telegrams delivered at North Ade aide. The CHIEF 8ECRKTARY (Hon. A. Blyth) ras very painfully aware of the fact. On the Etti nates there was a line down tor the extension of he telegraph to North Adelaide, and also to Ken sington and Norwood; and if that was voted all (round of complaint would cease. Mr. TOWN6END did not see anything down or Mitcham. (A laugh.) TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY. Mr. WEST-EKSKLNE asked if any and how nany offi-rs had been made to the Government for ,he construction of the Transcontinental Kailway. The CHIEF SEUKETAKY (Hon. A. Blyth) laid there had been one, and he thought two Ustinct oilers made. There would be no objection a lay the papers on the table if moved for. PAPER. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS Hon. H E. Bright) laid on the table reports of the Resident Engineer at the Hope Valley Reservoir n reference to the construction thereof. NORTHERN TERRITORY MAILS. Mr. KRICflAUFF asked the Chief Secretary i! ;enders bad been called for the conveyance of nails to the Northern Territory. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) laid they had not only been called for, but received. So doubt they would come before him with a recommendation Best morning. THE IMMIGRATION LECTURESHIP. Mr. WAKD asked the Treasurer-' Did I. on the 3Dlv occasion whea I spoke to him on the subject ){ the immigration lectureship, mention that the tUtorney-General had advised me to speak to him ibout it; and did I also say that I should not not make any application in the mat'er, but that I mas willing to accept the position if it was offere d » me.' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Clyde) replied :- ' \V hen Mr. Ward called on me at the Treasury he said that the Attorney-General had suggested to him that if he wished for the appointment of Immigration Lecturer he had better see the Chief Secretary and myself on the subject; and I recol lect Mr. Ward's saying that he should not send in my formal written application, but was willing to iccept the position.' PARLIAMENT HOUSE. Mr. BOOTHBY asked the Chief Secretary 'if jome arrangement could be made, bo that the present Parliament buildings could be used by the south Australian Institute, and a sufficient 6um placed on the Estimates fur the erection of more :ommodiouB Parliament Houses.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said -' The Secretary to the Institute reports that the irrangement suggested is impracticable.' He also reported that many years ago the same idea wan mooted; but if it was stated to be inconvenient :hen, how much more so must it be now. LOSS OF THE KATHLEEN. Mr. KR1CHAUFF asked the Chief Secretary ' did the Government receive the evidence taken »n the loss of the Kathleen at Palmerston, Northern Territory.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) gaid — ' Yes. they did, and it was now before the Marine Board.' THE SOUTH-EASTERN RAIWAY. Mr. BOOTHBY asked the Commissioner of Public Works 'if any site has heen fixed for the terminus of the South-Eastem Railway at Narra :oorte.' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS [Hon. H. E. Bright) said— 'The site originally Bxediand indicated on the deposited plans will be idhered to, viz , on the Narracoorte Creek, between ihe towiiihip ot Kincraig and Narracoorte.' LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. MORTLOCK moved ' That a fortnight's leave of absence be granted to the hon. member for Encounter Bay (Mr. Bf gers) on account of urgent private business.' Carried. AMENDMENT OF THE WASTE LANDS ACT. Mr. WARD moved ' That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolution— 'That it is desirable to amend tne Waste Lands Act of 1872, and t« pro vide—I. That the upset price of couuiry lands be fixed at £1 per acre. 2. That country lands be reserved horn cash sale for a period of two years from the date of being first offered for ?election and sale upon credit under agreements. 3\. That no eountir lands shall be sold at suction upon credit under agreements specified in Part 2 9! the hereinbefore-mentioned Act, unless on condition of the purchaser paying at the time of sale, in ready money, a deposit of at least ten pounds per centum of the purchase-money, and in cue of the failure of the purchaser to enter into luch agreements the deposits shall be forfeited. 4\. That all payments in respect of country lands selected after an Act embodying thaw amendments shall come into operation shall be accepted as on account of the purchase-money of «uch lands.' ' He rose to move the motion under circumstances of peculiar difficulty. It not only seemed that a considerable number of members objected to discuss this question at the present time, but the Chief Secretary had been courteous enough to inform him that he considered it right to tell him that he intended to move the previous question on the original motion for going into Committee. It was very good of the Chief Secretary to tell him, so that he Bhould not move the motion unawares; but he ventured to Bay that the course which the Chief Secretary intended taking waa the most extraordinary that ever a Government took to Wb recollection in that House, and it appeared to him that his single ftbject was to avoid the distinct challenge which he had given him to record his vote on this question. He felt no doubt as he ought to feel that thequestiou was an inconvenient one for him, and it would be a rather singular position for him to be compelled to say he would not support this proposition, which he was dis tinctly pledged to do. The only course he could take was to ask the House to consider the resolutions in the ordinary motion for going into Committee. Another peculiar difficulty which he saw in intro ducing these resolutions was that although they had been on the Notice-paper some two or three months they had not been taken the slightest notice of by persons who ordinarily recognised the business in the Paper until Tuesday morning. They all knew that if public attention was directed through the medium of the Press to a question on the Paper it was a means of eliciting public opinion on the subject. He dare say he should be told that the public had not expressed any opinion on the resolutions; but the fact was the great majority of the public were not aware of them at all, and if they had been taken notice of in the Press, no doubt notice would have been taken. The Register the other day said they agreed with some of these resolutions most cordially, but that the public had not demanded them, and that that was a sufficient reason for the House not to entertain them; whilst another supposed organ of public opinion, the Advertiser, put it that the time was inopportune. B: he had endeavoured to get rid of the objection of the public not having taken notice of the resolutions by himself asking per sons in various parts of the country to attend meetings, and explaining to them the amendments he proposed, and secured from them, as he might easily have done, a very considerable expression of publir opinion in their favour, he should have been told that public opinion was led by the nose, and was all the result of that man's agitation. (Mr. Townsend— 'Bear, hear.') When he thought of all the objections which were urged to this question he was forced to the conclusion that whilst there were a good manv members who, like the Trea surer—who had, he admitted, been a consistent opponent o( this question from the very first— did not wish to see this land reform accomplished, there were also many of the worst of all enemies false friends— whose professions were not worth really the time they took to make. He did not wish to make personal remarks, but he had a right from the Chief Secretary's public action to draw fair deductions, and it was a positive fact that the Chief Secretary would not have been a member of that Assembly that day if he had not de liberately and distinctly pledged himself to carry out these resolutions of which he had given notice -(Mr. Townsend— 'Hear, hear')— and he was forced to the conclusion that the fact that the Hon. Arthur Blyth, the member for Gumeracha, who gained his position by pledges that he made, was tolerated for a moment in the position of Chief Secretary not by redeeming those pledges waa an absolute premium for political dishonesty; and it was tantamount to saying that a man if he wanted to succeed in public life must say before his constituency one thing in order to gain his seat, and to please another constituency in that House, who it teemed necessary to please, must do some thing very different indeed. That was a poor encouragement to any man who entered public life and took a coarse which he believed to be just in order to secure the accomplishment of a reform which he believed to be necessary. He could see the Chief Secretary nmlinf at him in the security of his position. (The Chief Secretary-'' Oh, no.') WelL be was endea ronrins to smile. He knew the Chief Secretary rejoiced in the position he occupied ; he supposed it gave a little power, and that he had a pride in occupying it, and finding some little profit for it besides; and however ill- cotten and inglorious that profit might be, no doubt he was content to smile at him as being on the losing side. He knew he bad not a majority that day to carry these resolu tions, but he knew just as well that had the Chief Secretary, Attorney-General, and Commissioner of Public Works been true to their promises he would have had a majority. (Mr. Townsend— ' Hear, hear.') He c»uld prove it by referring to the Votes and Proceedings— one of the material ques tions which he had embodied in these resolutions wag only lost on a division by a majority of two. In the minority were the Hon. A. Blyth, Messrs. Mann and Bright. Since then they had in the House a new member, Mr. Kees. He had no personal knowledge of now he intended to vote on this occasion, but he knew he succeeded a gentleman whose name was not recorded on that divi sion, and the hon. member, according to the sentiments which he had seen attributed to him, sympathized with the liberal side of the nuesticn, ami inasmuch as since he had been in the House he bad observed the promises made on the hustings, he had a fair right to suppose he should have his support that tiay. it so, that would jeduce the hostile majority last year from two to one. Then another new member, iMr. Laurie, he believed, sympathised with sume of thtse resolutions. He was a representative of a constituency which was very anxious to accomplish wzzz liberal reforms in the present system, and hsd been in a mild way holding some meeting^ on the question. In the division last year neither representative for the South - Eastern District voted, and if he was correct in supposing he had the sympathy of Mr. Laurie, that would be another distinct vote gained. This being the ca-3e, it showed that if the majority of the present Ministry had stuck to their colours, they could have secured a majority for matters in which they were in a minority last year, which cue the ground from the Chief Secretary's feet, if he said he was not going to Bupport the resolution because he was not sure of a majority. But men who attached themselves to the carrying out of a public policy were not content with one defeat. (Hear, hear.) They knew that in all great questions men must be probably met by deft at foryearf, and must be content to remain in the minority— a position he knew the Chief Secretary did not like— but men who were proud of the fact would begin in the minority, and go on educating public opinion up to that point which would secure for them the majority. The Chief Secretary would have a better right to look back upon his political position with pride if instead of shifting from one side to the other — (Sir. Towmend— ' Hear, hear')— in seeking to gain office he had stuck, even at the expenBe of the sacrifice of office, to those principles which a year ago enabled him to be in a position to gain office (Hear, hear.) Some hon. member might attempt to make a point against him that he had abandoned in these resolutions one question to which he bad hitherto committed himself — absolute personal residence — but however much he might prefer his own opinion to other people's as some people seemed to think, it was no use for any politician in the world to set his own individual power against the majority of the people. He might contend against a present majority in that House, but he could not contend against the recognised and pronounced opinion of the majority of the country, and that was now unmistakably against personal residence, many, he was afraid, from personal interest. (Bear, hear.) A great many persons would not be able to take advantage of the liberal land law if personal residence were insisted on who were glad to do so when it was abolished. He might say something with regard to the Attorney-General, but he confessed he did not attach the same im portance to the action the Attorney-General had taken on this question as that taken by the Chief Secretary. The Chief Secretary had been the leader in this matter; but how ever much the Attorney-General might have been inconsistent, be did not think that that amount of loyalty had been shown him by his colleague as could have entitled him to follow in all things. It was well known that in the forma tion of the present Ministry the grand object of the Chief Secretary was to join Mr. Glyde, and 30 locg as he gamed the co- operation of the hon. member for Yatala. he did not care who his other colleagues were. In point of fact the Attorney General had not been selected by the Chief Secretary, but by another member, in whose hauds his selection was purposely left, and who bad Jthe assistance of the Commissioner of Public Works. (Laughter.) However much the Attorney-General night feel beiug indebted to the patronage of the Commissioner of Public Works, it was nevertheless quite true that he bad selected him. No person talked of loyalty to colleagues more frequently than the Chief Secretary, but he hod not been very loyal to the Attorney-General when he was quite ready to except him or any other legal gentleman, so long as he bad Mr. Glyde in tne position of Treat uter. They knew that fie had not only gene to Mr. Boucaut, but offered him the Chief Secretaryship if he would join him; and in fact he had abandoned his principles on land reform, choosing rather tohave Mr. Glyde without them than maintain them and lose Mr. Glyde and his personal influence in that House. When he was abandoned by those he had followed in this matter in the past, he thought that there was nothing for him to do but take the course which he had taken, and he promised the House that he would not desist from endeavouring to bring about the reform he sought, even if he were defeated, as he expected to be to-riay. (Hear, hear.) It was not pleasant to state his case in the position in which he was placed with the thought before he concluded his speech that he was virtually beaten ; but as he was so peculiarly situated he would promise hon. members that he would refrain from going into particulars, contenting himself with putting before them the principles which he wished to be enforced. He would commence by Baying that it was no benefit to the country to promote the alienation of its land except you promoted at the Eanie time the increase of its population. (Hear, bear.) And population had not been increased 5 per cent, as the result of the amendments of the old land system. Had they kept pace with the other colonies in their land ByBtem they might have materially increased the population by attracting to South Australia hun dreds and thousands who were settled elsewhere. They would be met by the Treasurer and his fol lowere, who would say that their system had been a failure: but that was in consequence of the influ ence and action of those who were opposed to liberal land laws. We would have to march along side Victoria in the matter of land legislation. Until lately the area of land that could be selected was only 320 acres, but that had been chanced to 640 as here, and the price was quite different from that which was charged here. And the person who took up land at £1 per acre would have 30 5 ears to pay for it. He, in the first place, paid 6'd. an acre for the land, and then went wherever he liked to obtain it, not having to wait for the sur veyors who followed him. Twelve payments were to be made, one every six months, of 6d. per acre ; and the remaining 14s. he could either pay then or take seven years to pay it in. Mr. STEVENSON asked, on a point of order, if Mr. Ward was in order in going into the whole queEtion at this stage. The SPEAKER said the hon. member, so far as he had gone, had been in order; but he did not think that he would be in order further in going into the question of the nature of his resolutions before the House went into Committee. Mr. WARD said it was impossible that he could shew his reasonB for the House going into Com mittee if not allowed to address himself to the resolutions. He was taken by surprise at the con duct of the Chief Secretary in trying to burke dis cussion by moving the previous question. There were two ways of moving the previous question— (ne, 'fchall this question be entertained, and the other. 'Shall this question be put;' and he thought the Chief Secretary intended to choose the aUer. The SPEAKER said a second form had existed, but had only been UBed once, and had then beeu repealed. Air. WAKQ-Had he simply bowed to the Speaker, and moved in that way as a matter of form his motion that the House go into Com mittee, the Chief Secretary would at once have movtdtbat the House divide. A division would have been called for, and the ciscussion would have been burked. Therefore he felt obliged to take the course he new took. Ha hoped therefore that he would be allowed to go on. If hon. mem bers could not show that in alienating the land they were increasing population and providing for the raising of a revenue when there was no more land to sell it was just as well that they should admit that at once. But it was because he was assured that even with our other advantages we could not compete successfully with those other countries which were bidding so much higher for the surplus population of the old world unless the alterations he had to point out were made, he con sidered that they should set about the work without delay. Those who advocated delay to have a proof of the working of the present law were no friends to the proper working of land laws here. Mr. Stow on a political platform some time ago had said that he would not pledge himself to these resolutions, but that he would be glad t« consider any defects pointed out in the land system with a view to their redress. And he had Baid that he would support any scheme for doing away with any evil which was proved to him to exist in the Act. He would ask if it was not an evil that required a remedy that persons could go, and, not having suc ceeded in taking up all the land they required, pro ceed to limited auction and run a would be pur chaser up to a price far higher than they ever intended to pay. and so leave the laud, oot going forward to complete the selection, and going upon it afterwards at the original upset price, »nd thai defrauding the Bute of the diffe rence, (Hear, hear.) This he considered was one defect, which being pointed out should imluce tho Bouse to go into Committee. (Hear, hear) Would the Chief Secretary not go into Committee when that defect had been shown to exist, and it was one that could not be provided for by regulation for do regulations that the Government could make would override the ISth clausa of the Land Act which was as follows:— 'If a person shall apply for more than one section, and shall be declared the purchaser of leBB than the number for which he applied, he may, by giving notice in to the Commissioner within two days from the date of such declaration, decline to k-come the purchaser of any such sections.' He knew that last session the provisions he had read had been passed with the best motives, to enable persons who coulil not get as many sections as would be sufficient for bora fide farming purposes to refuse to accept any. But that had been misused by those who were acute enough, and in consequence the State was defrauded, as he had pointed out. He thought he had proved that a remedy was required in that part of the land system, and he would ask Mr. Stow to give him his support. The period during which land should be reserved from sale had been debated several times in the House, and periods from three months to five years had been agreed upon. At length a compromise hid been arrived at, and two years had been decided upon. On that point he considered the motion of Ur. Carr the other day in the House, wheh the Ministry had not dared to cfwlleng--. was sufficient justification of the resolution he now brought; forward. It Bhould not be ltft to those who from residence in a particular part of the colony and general knowledee of land were in a position ta know the value of certain areas to move in the wav Mr. Carr had done, but if he had not come forward as he had done in that instance the land would have been saleable at an upeet pnee of £1 per acre. And it might perhaps have been sold for cash. The Survey Office should not survey land as it had done without that land was likely to be immediately taken up for agricultural purposes. He knew that a large quantity had now been sur veyed that would not be taken up now in conse quence of beingat alongdistancefrom the seaboard, the land wonld therefore lie, and a year or two would soon slip by, and it would then be in the power of any Conservative Commissioner of Crown Lands to have it sold at auction. This would be done on a grand scale if somebody did not come forward and move as Mr. Carr had done. (Hear, hear.) Land had been surveyed by the Survey Department which was said to Ue fit for agricultural purposes which had been found to be scrubby and quite unfit. If the Survey Department was ready to do such things it was time that the House took the matter up ; and he thought that that was another reason why the House should not now refuse to go into Committee. He hoped that on consideration the Chief Secretary would abandon the position he had taken up, and not insist upon the previous question being moved. (Hear, hear.) It would be unworthy of him to do bo, especially as he held the views which were contained in the resolutions. He might say that he never intended to do aught but good for the country by the introduction of his resolutions. He did not wish to displace the squatter from the land till he could be replaced by those who would till it and make a better use of it, and as the Act removed the pastoral tenant ami did not put the farmer in bis place on the land Eomething should at once be done to effect a remedy and make the law workable. It was all very well to talk of postponing action, but he did not consider that that should be done, for great losa would he the result of a postponement for another year. Tbaie was no doubt that the law as it stood was beneficial to the Treasurer and his party, but not to the fanner who wanted to go upon the land. The Treasurer had always been a consistent politician upon the land question. He had said, 11 Let things be as they are ; but if you must change let the change be as much in my favour as pos sible.' He hoped that the powerful alliance of tha two junior members for Gumeracha and Yatala— (the Treasurer—' Hear, hear')— would not prevent a proper land reform being carried into effect Ho would leave the matter in the hands of the House, and trusted that members would see the importance of the questions involved, and go into Committee to consider them. The CHIEF SECRKTARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said his hon. colleague had established, be supposed to his own comfort, certainly not to anybody else's, two particular bogies. He was one and the Bcgister newspaper was another. The hon. member lost no opportunity of attacking one or the other, and doing anything he could that would be inconve nient, unpleasant, or disagreeable. (Mi. Ward— 'No.') Theobjsct of these resolutions was evi dently to give the Government lliegreatest possible annoyance. (Mr. Ward— 'No.') The hon. mem ber knew that during the whole of last session and the EtBaion before he fought as hard as he possibly could to get a good land law in the direction ho believed to be right. The purest of English politi cians, Lord Selbome, when he entertained strong viewB upon the disestablishment of the Irian Church, refused the proudest gift which could b: offered to a man in the mother-country. But when the law was passed he did not feel that he was obliged to rake up the question aeain because he had been bo strenuously opposed to it. That was the position he took in this case. He fought as strongly as he could to pass a liberal land law, and that law having been passed he did not feel called upon now to disturb it. He had adopted what the hon. member was pleased to call an extraordinary course, upon the simple ground that there was a time for all things. There was a time for dis cussing the land question, and there was a time when it was not desirable to discusB it. Any reasonable person except his hon. colleague would say before he wished to disturb the present land! law that he wished to see its working. From all he could learn the Act was working satisfactorily at the present time. He had not heard one single expression of dissatisfaction with it. (Hear, hear.) Under such circumstances it was only common prudence to say they would wait and see ita working. Mr. Ward himself had chanced hia viewe. He had no respect for a man who said, 'I have formed views and will never change them.' Such a man could not in his opinion be a thoroughly conscientious, honourable man. The very strongest point which his hon. colleague always urged was the condition of personal residence. He had changed hiB views in that. (Mr. Ward-' No.') He had admitted that people who were wiser than him and the majority of the country were in favour of substi tuted residence, and he did not want to disturb that. And he (Mr. Blyth) did not want to disturb decisions on other matters that were arrived at by thecountry. The hon. member Baid, 'What are they doing in Victoria!' What were they doing? The hon. member knew that what he told them was not the law. The Parliament was dis cussing now the question of extending the holdings to 640 acres; and there was just about as much chance of its being carried as there was of an amendment of the land law bere being carried during the present session. It was not very pleasant to Bit exactly opposite his hon. colleague, and. hear him fulminating all his wrathful feelings against himself ; but there was another thing which was very much more unpleasant— that was the wilful running of his bead against a stone wall where there was no necessity for it He did not think be should do any good to himself, and certainly he should not to the wall by such an operation. (Laughter.) The hon. member knew that for two sessions of Parliament they had been working hard and patiently to amend the land laws, and they had arrived at a conclusion. Whether that was a wise or unwise one experience would show, but no one had a right to disturb that settlement until there had been a fair trial of it. He would ask hon. member* generally if they had received any complaints from their constituents of the working of the Land Bill. (Mr. Cavenagh— ' Yes.') How many would say 'Yes.' He thought very few. He had not received one single thing of the kind. The parti cular objection about the auction had been re moved. The hon. mover knew that it did not now exist ; if he did not, let him go and make enquiry into the matter. A person on the other sides of the House, apparently unaware of any reFponsibility attaching to his statements, made reflections upon the Survey Office, of which it was hiB duty to say the Government did not believe one word. He Baid the ' survey officers were capable and willing to take every advantage of the intention of the Legislature.' To that he gave an emphatic denial. He did not relieve the Survey Department ever was administered in such a way as that, and! he hoped it never would be. Of course it was easy to see one only way in which the Crown Lands Department could be properly administered. It had not taken place yet, but that happy time might come. (A laugh.) It was very easy to make charges ; but he appealed to every one who had wetched the action of the Survey Office and! seen the energy, ability and integrity which had] characterized the officers, whether such statements ought to be made without being positively and strongly contradicted by the Government However extraordinary the course might be, it appeared to him to be a perfectly consistent one to move the previous question. He had not consulted any ot them, but he believed a majority of the House would feel with him that this was not the time for rediscussicg the land laws, and the proper course would therefore be to vote agaiast going into Com* mittee, because they knew that if the resolutions were carried the course would be to move an address to the Governor for a Bill, thereby makine still more disagreeable the action of his hon. col league. In the course of his political career he might have made many mistakes, but he felt perfectly satisfied that the course he was taking now was perfectly consistent with the statement he made to bis constituent*, and that a large majority of them would agree with him in saying this was not the time for rediscussinz the land law. If he wu doing wrong it was not for hn hon. colleague to blame bun, but he would be blamed and punished by A ,fs? ,m*5er« more respectable, more powerful bod? than even hia hon. colleague. Be might take pleasure in saying all he pos sibly could to annoy him. He passed that over by the application of a very good lesson which ho had been learning all his life— to endeavour, under every circumstance he was placed in, to keep hia temper, and not to give back harsh and unjust words for harsh and unjust words which were used against him. (Hear, h- ar, and Divide.) Mr. STOW rose amidst cries of ' Divide.' He hoped hon. members would not prevent him say ing in a few words the course he intended to adopt. He failed to sec* that the hon. member for Gume racha had shown any reason why the present Bystem should be altered as regarded the upset Price or the appropriation of the first payment He fcad siid nothing except that the present system had not attracted population. He did not believe it would do that even with the alterations proposed. South Australia wa3 too far from the source of population to render such asjBtemthemeans of attracting population. He might fay he had altogether changed his views upon the land question. The inclination of his opinion was against the alteration which had been etfected, but he had been bo conscious of the good effects which had resulted that he had changed his views altogether, and he should be prepared to do anything he could to carry out the principles of the law as at present in force. But he was not prepared to open the question in this the very first session after the law had been passed. In reference to the reservation of hnds for two years, he did not think that was necessary, inasmuch as the list of land to be submitted to auction had to be laid before Parliament, and it was pretty certain that if there was any land which ought to be kept open for farmers there would be Borneboly to call attention to it The pans of the hon. member's speech which made the most impression on him were those in reference to the auction. His attention ! had been called by persons who Buffered from the abuse to the means by which persons who had no ' intention of taking up land were enabled to put ia j applications, and then by saying they did not get j all they wanted to get their deposits returned, and ' ao keep persons who wanted the land in town for i many days, and perhaps compel them after all to j return home without having obtained the land which they ought to have had. (Hear, hear.) If ' the Government would ghe an assurance that they i would introduce a short Bill to either repeal or alter the 18th clause so as to remedy that evil and i promise that no land should be sold before a list bad been laid before Parliament, he should support them in declining to go into Committee. The hon. member Mr. Ward had over and over again attacked the Chief Secretary, and accused him of i breaking his pledges in reference to the land laws. He failed to Bee that the Chief Secretary bad done so. During the whole of last session be fought for what he promised, and he thought it right, seeing the position of a member of the Government was a matter of some importance, that independent members hearing them so attacked, and believing they were not properly attacked, should express their opinion i to that effect; and he therefore expressed his opinion that the Chief Secretary had entirely freed himself from the charge of having broken his i pledges. (Hear, bear.) Mr. WEST-ERSKINE thought the Chief Secre tary bad plainly acknowledged that he had broken bis pledgee. (No.) He said he thought any person who did not change his mind when such arguments _ were brought to bear as warranted him in doing so was a very foolish man. He altogether differed from the boD. member for Light in thinking this was brought forward by Mr. Ward on personal grounds. I (Mr. Stow— 'I did not say so. ') He regretted j that he had misunderstood ' he hon. member. He would remind the Chief Secretary of the proverb. ** fas est tt ab kotte doceri.' He did not think any one ought to be above receiving a lesson. He in- j tended to support the hon. member for Gumeracha. j Any one bad only to attend an auction sale to see : the necessity there was for alteration. Several of j his constituents had spoken to him and asked him - to bring about an alteration of the pernicious i swindling system which had prevailed. With ! regard to postponing the sale of agricultural laud j fortwoyears,hevotedforthat before, andtheknow- j ledge he had derived since had been such as to j strengthen his conviction that that was the proper , course. i Mr. BAM3AY should vote with the Govern- ' ment for the reasons stated by the Chief Secretary. ; He would remind the hon. member for Gumeracha 1 that there were others besides himself who had not broken their pledges to their constituents. He did not believe it would be advantageous to put up all land at £1 an acre. It might be better if land was j reserved from auction for two years, but there was such a demand that all arable land was taken up within three months of its being thrown into the ! market. It would be absurd to suppose that 1 surveyors could survey a patch of good land ! here and another there, escaping 'all that ' was inferior. Such hnd would come in ! very usefully as crazing b'ocks to the farmer a few years hence. In respect to the third proposi tion, he admitted there was great necessity for alteration, but he did not think the plan before them would effect the object. It would be better if the Government would bring m a small Act doing away with the limited auction and substi tuting choice by lot. 'lhe farmers had suffared considerably through that being altered. The fourth proposition he entirely dissented from. It would be one of the most preposterous things the country could do. The country was clamorous for railways and roads to get the produce to market, and a large sum was wanted for education; and that being so it was only reasonable to expect that those who got the land on credit should pay some thing like 3| per cent, interest. He hoped the Bouse would agree not to open up the que-tion at the present time if the Government would bring in a small Bill aboli-hing the limited auction and providing that simultaneous applications should be decided by lot Mr. BOUCAUT was not going to debate the whole question, and as an independent member he was not going into the personal question between the two members for Gumeracha. If there were to be a free fight, he would enjoy it as much as any other member; but he did not think a free fight would be desirable just now. Air. Ward met him under the gallery that day, and complained bitterly and plaintively of what the Chief Secretary was going to do. He did not sympathize with the bon. member, and told him he thought the Chief Secre tary was quite right That was because he thought the hon. member, from the tone of his resolution, wanted the House to consider the land question from beginning to end ; and he agreed with the Government that there was no necessity for bringing m a measure to deal with the whole ques tion. He was bound to admit, however, having heard the hon. member remarks, that; he would not be doing his duty to the Hou=e and the country if he refused the hon. member liberty to discuss the questions in Committee. As to the third resolu tion, the hon. member had made out a case which was unanswerable— (cheers)— and convinced him agaiHfit his will, because he bad intended to object to that resolution. He had made out such a case that they would be neglecting their duty to South Australia if they refused to allow him to consider the matter in Committee, unless the Government gave an absolute pledge that a measure would be brought in; and if the Government were going to do that, they would have to do it by a resolution in Committee. As to the second resolution, he had always opposed the hon. member on that question, and he did not think he had made out a strong case. On the fourth resolu tion he was altogether opposed to him, and he had never agreed with him upon that question. He did not want to assist Mr. Ward in lashing the Government, but that would not prevent him from doing what he thought his duty. What the hon. member set forth in the third resolution must be done, and if it was burked that day he would use all constitutional means to help the hon. member, because it was a matter in which a wrong was being done from day to day and week to week. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said that Sir. Ward'B remarks as to the third sub division of the resolution would no doubt have great force if borne out by facts. (' -h.) The hon. member had made certain statements about swindling. Seeing the resolution upon the Paper, and knowing that reports were rife as to the abuse of this clause, he requested the Commissioner of Crown Lands to obtain a report from the aurveyor General as to how the clause was working. This report was that so far from anything of the sort that was alleged going on the clause was working perfectly well. He was bound to take that general report; but the Government would obtain a formal report from the Surveyor-General, and if the statement of hon. members were borne out by that report or facts, the Government would be prepared to introduce a Bill to repeal chuse IS; but they would resist any attempt to ensjraftany amendment upon it. The Bill wnu!d be conlinpd to repealing the ISth clause, and that alone. He would not attempt to follow the hon. member in his leegthy speech. He hnd heard most of it several times; but if he wished to retaliate, how bitter a Ratire upon the hon. member's action in the House would be the fact that he had given up the principle of personal residence for which he contecded, and which was made the cardinal point inland legislation. The hon. member was pre pared to give up the cardinal and fundamental principle of land legislation which he hail been agitating lor years; and it by ill with him to charge the Chief Secretary and himself with sacri ficing every principle they ht Id upon land reform. whether in office or not, he would have resisted any attempt to alter the land law this year. Jhe present Act was working very satis factorily— they heard of no complaints from outside, the people who wanted land for bona nde agricultural purposes had every facility to take it up, and it was being largely availed of. lie could not help cemmentingupon what the hon. member said, that if he had asked people outside to agitate no doubt he could have had public meetings. Wculd the hon. member say he had *ot endeavoured to get up meetings to agitate the .question ? Would he say that he had not written to influential men in the North, asking them to agitate land reform and to call meetings, and promising to attend? He did not know whether fceJiaa done the same in the Soutli-East— he knew he had some admirers in the South-East— but he knew that he had written to gentlemen in the North. (Mr. Ward-' Only one.) He only said one. (Laughter.) The fact was that no meeting had been called, and they did not want land reform. He had enquired whenever he was in the country whether the fanners were satisfied, and as far as he could hear they were, bis strong objection to the motion was that this was not the time to make any amendments, even supposing they were able to carry them out It was not desirable for the sake of mere theoretical perfection to continually alter the land laws, but they should give them a fair trial. Land reform had been the hon. member's hobby ever since he entered the House; but he thought the continual agitation upon this matter was about played out, and he did not think the hon. member would be able to ride his hobby to much advantage much longer. The bon. member had made a somewhat startling revelation as to the way in which the present Ministry was formed. He did not know who gave the hon. member the information. He twitted the Chief Secretary with non-loyalty to his colleagues ; but he wished to take this opportunity of saying that the Hon. Arthur Blvth had shown him personally the greatest possible loyalty that one man could show to another, and he only hoped he might always have tuch a loyal friend at his back. Mr. PEARCE was quite unchanged m his opinions, and if it came to a vote be would be pre pared to vote as he had always done before on each of these questions. With reference to one of them, he was somewhat of opinion that the state of thir)g3 stated by the hon. member to exist did not exist. (Hear, hear.) .No doubt it existed when the BUI wag first passed, but he thought it was likely, as the Government said, that the practice complained of had ceased. If it was in operation the Government were called upon to remedy the evil, and the simplest form would be in the way they suggested. They would not in that case go into the whole question, which would be a wiste of the time of the House and the country. (Hear, hear.) He would tell the hon. member without hesitation that he was going to vote against bis going into Committee simply because of the style in which he had moved his resolutions. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was quite time the House put an end to these unseemly quarrels, and they should insist upon these per sonal quarrels being adjusted outside instead of upon the floor of the House. (Mr. Townsend — ' 0 Lord,' and laughter.) Only the good humour of the Chief Secretary prevented the occurrence of such a scene as had taken place outside. It was not possible for any one to consider that the hon. member's action was the result of pure love of country and a desire to benefit it ; but there must be some deep-rooted enmity, which crept up once or twice a day. (Mr. Ward— 'No.') It was to gratify spleen, which would ne better gratified out side than by bringing forward these resolutions as a stalking-horse to obtain that of which the country was altogether sick. It was well known that he held the Bame opinions. The hon. member had changed his views with regard to clause IS. as well as on the question of personal residence. When the question was being considered, he (Mr. Pearce) felt so strongly that both the systems of limited auction and lot were a curse to the country that he moved for the adoption of the system of limited tender. Even the hon. member had been obliged to change his views oa that subject, and did not that justify other people in changing their opinions? (Mr. Ward— 'I have not changed.' Mr. Stow—' Why did you say so then?' and laughter.) It was because of the hon. member's low personal abuse with which he applied to the Chief Secretary that he was led to make up his mind that whatever the issue he would vote against his going into Committee, because he could not consent to be led by a man who so imprudently and injudiciously sought to amend the land law. The hon. member went so far as to hint that those who agreed with his opinions would vote against him because they had either sold their principles or were lukewarm — Mr. WAKD— I never said anything of the kind. The SPEAKER said Mr. Ward was out of order in interrupting the hon. member. Mr. PEABCE distinctly understood the hon. member to say that although they were within two of carrying the proposals last year some of the members were so lukewarm that they would be likely to be lost. If a member of the Government made a statement of that sort it would be likely to have acontrary etlect to that intended, and there was no other course open for independent men but to resist such dictation. Whenever the hon. member brought forward a motion with which he agree 1, but surrounded and weighted it so that it would be impossible for the House to adopt it, he would vote against him, although he thought the reform desirable. He said this because he wisheil to keep the debates as far as possible free from personality. (Laughter.) He agreed with most of the resolu tions ; but for the reasons advanced he would vo:e for the amendment. Mr. TOWNSEND had uo sympathy with the remarks of the hou. member for Gumeracha in reference to the (Jnief Secretary, and mentioned that although he (Mr. Townsend) when he was before bis constituents, and when a member for Onkaparinga, opposed his colleague, Mr. Milne. on the question of land reform, they had been on terms of friendship. Mr. Pcrce made a great mistake in saying that although he agreed with what was propped he would not vote for it because it was moved by Mr. Ward. The hon. member Mr. Ward stood out better than Mr. Pearce did on the point. He had not to consider the mere language of the hon. member, but the notice upon the Paper, and he thought Government had made a mistake in the course they had adopted. There was an innate feeling in their natures— (laughter)— which caused them when there was an attempt to do an injustice to rise up against it. If this resolution had been tabled by any other member the Government would not have I taken the course of ref using to allow him to go into I Committee. While the hon. member was there he i only knew him as the hon. member for Gumeracha I —he did not desire to know him in any other ! capacity— (laughter)— and when he found that a i course was being pursued towards him which j would not be adopted with any other member he | would stand up for him. The Government had gained nothing by the conrse they had pursued; but he would say thi« much with regard to the observation about his policy upon the Land Bill, 1 that he was willing to believe that, the Hon. Arthur ? Blyth issued a manifesto that he agreed with. | It was not only the manifesto of the Hon. A. ' Blyth, but the manifesto of the whole of the ! Ministry of which he (Mr. Townsend) was a j member. (Hear, hear.) There was too much ! stress laid on the observation that they had no i right to discuss this matter now. Until a politician i had accomplished the carrying out of principles j which he thought to be proper he had a riiiht to j advocate them on every possible occasion. (Hear, hear.) When the question of the ballot was first discussed in the Home Parliament it only found a seconder ; the next time it got 17 supporters, the next 70, and so on ; and if the Chief Secretary was as strongly in favour of the views he held at the last election as he was then, now was the time for him to carry them oat. It was not because the public had not spoken out that he should hesitate to do so. or because he did not know whether he would secure a majority. If that prin ! ciple was generally adopted nothing would ever get passed. (Mr. Ward-' Hear, hear.') Now. however, that the Bill which the Chief Sec retary would have liked to see modified was passed, he turned round and said it was satis factory. It was uot satisfactory when they re membered that this satisfaction came from people who would not have the Bill. The opening up of the agricultural areas had done more good to South Australia than all the sheep stations in it. (Mr. Laurie— 'No.') He could prove that so far as population was concerned, Three agricultural areas attracted more population and paid 1 more taxation than all the sheep runs put together, except the actual rents they paid. (Mr. Watts— 'Ho.') If hon. members liked to give him the ! time he could prove it, and certainly they would : not deny that men were now employed in cul ' tivating thousands of thousands of acres which they were formerly told would not grow a bushel of wheat. The Chief Secretary said he was 1 satisfied. (The Chief Seer, tary— '' No, I don't') Were the principles contained in the speech which 1 the Chief Secretary delivered at Gumeracha, and which he (Mr. Townsend) delivered in the DiBtrict of Sturt, carried out ? No. Then he could not un 1 derstand how the Chief Secretary could be satisfied. The hon. member Mr. Stow had said that Mr. Ward's speech had convinced him that an alteration in 1 reference to the third resolution was necessary, which Bhowed that already something had been i gained by this discussion. He could name oue of I the most influential land auents in the District of I Light who had told him how this clause could be and had been worked. It was a fact that land agents and others had gone to the auction- room, and run up the former who wished to occupy the I land to such a price that he could not afford topav, I and then the farmer had got it at their own price ! afterwards. He believed the Act did need amend ment, not only in this particular, but the others proposed by the hon. member, and therefore he would vote for going into Committee. ? Mr. LAURIE entirely agreed with almost the i whole of the resolutions, but he must object to the | manner in which they were brought forward. He ? did not think it right for the hon. member to in dulge in the language which he had indulged in : towards the Ministry, more especially the Chief I Secretary, and if anything could have put him i against the motion it would have been that. If i members of the House were selectors they would I be very glad to carry these resolutions. With regard i to the first resolution, he thought £1 per acre was i quite sufficient for the upset price of land, and f --r j this reason— the very essence of agriculture was I grubbing and clearing, which were most expensive, but for which nothing was allowed under the Act With reference to the second resolution, he thought it was amply sufficient to reserve land for casi sales for one year, because long before two years had expired all the good land would be taken op. With regard to the third resolution, he thought lifter the explanation of the hon. member there rat not the slightest doubt that the Act should be iltered in that particular, because it was mani festly unfair that a man should go into the auction room, bid as high as he liked, and get his ieposit returned without any reduction what ever; whilst at the same time he made the »ona fide bidder lose the land. The Attorney Jeneral said he would ask for a report from he Surveyor-General; but if he had said that should these imperfections exist he would bring in i Bill to amend the Act ? (Hear, hear, and ithe :bief Secretary-' He did say so.'') He did not )romise. (The Chief Secretary—' Yes, he did.') fhen he had been misunderstood by more than me member. (Hear, hear.) The fourth resolu ion was that which he would lay the most stress -n. Hon. members had said that no meetings lad been held with regard to ihe repayment of the 10 per cent, of the purchase-money; but the two lewspapers at Mount Gambier had more than ince reported meetings of the selectors ia the trained lands and agricultural areas in the South iast which had advocated that course, and he nought it only fair, because he knew from prac ical knowledge that a man could not profitably -ay £3 per acre for land which was so far from a narket. Men might get good crops, but when hey had to pay sometimes as much as 13d., 14d., md 15d. per bushel for carrying their produce to narket it took away their profits. If this natter had not been brought forward by he hoD. member he should have introduced it limself. He admitted that an enormous amount Fould have been foregone, perhaps £400,000 or L'5Ou.00O; but he believed most of the selectors (hen Strangways' Act was passed had reason to -elieve that this 20 per cent, would go towards the mrch ase-money. (Mr. Cavenagh— 'No.') In nctoria it had been allowed, and it would be a treat concession to the farmers. He would vote or going into Committee. Mr. LINDSAY said the Attorney-General spoke »f theoretical imperfections in the existing law; -ut he thought when a man who went into the inction-room prepared to buy land for £3 per acre, rhich wassufficienr.andwa8runupto£h', that there rere very practical imperfections. The present Vet had not worked satisfactorily; but the farmers lad been prosperous, and they thought it was of loUBe, as it had been so recently passed, to attempt o make any alteration in the Act. But instead of -eing an improvement on the old system ic was rorse. The only improvement was personal esidence, and that was taken ax an advan age which covered a good many disadvantages. Lhe limited auction he had always contended igainst, and its etlect had been to make the farmers -ay a higher price for their laud, and that was altogether a disadvantage unless the amount was ised for the benefit of the farmers afterwards, but t was more than was necessary. It had been tated by the Commissioner of Public Works that he proceeds of the sale of land in the Northern \jeas amounted to .£t-t-4.0-'0. but the improvements o the harbours there and the railways to connect hem with the interior would not cost anything ike that sum. ftlr. Kamsay, who had opposed ioing into Committee, had given nood reasons why hey should do so. It was said this was not the ime to reopen the question, but he did uot fee} jound by the considerations which the Chief secretary felt himself bound by. He opposed two -and Bill? on their third reading, and that which fas passed seemed to him worse than either, and htrefore he should like to see it altered. He wculd upport going into Committee. Mr. CAVE-AGH had no sympathy with the ittacks made by the senior member for Gumeracha m the junior. He thought he had injured himself noie than his hen. colleague, but he was afraid the iovernment might fall into the same error in pre euting him going into Committee. (Hear, hear.) le thought it was desirable to amend the Waste Lands Act of 1S72, but he wanted the Government o do it, not a private member, though lie might ;ay it had been his intention himself to attempt to imend the ISth clause if this motion had not been abled. It was so imperfect that it would be msatisfactory, no matter how it was altered, and heiefore he should have proposed to strike it )ut, and return to Strangways' Act, so that f 30,000 acres were put up to auc ion in one block a man could take ip any G4t- acres without people knowing or which he was bidding. Another amendment rhich he should like to see made was that of the ilause which allowed a selector to bring his agree nent under one Act under another. At present a -erson was compelled to cultivate one- fifth of his and before he could take advantage of that clau3e; jut under Strangways' Act he was not bound to cultivate, and it was hard to refuse him coming inder the present Act because he had not done ;hat which a former Act did not compel him to. Be saw no reason why that should not be altered. Ihe hon. member for Victoria was in error when be stated that persons who purchased land under istrangwavs' Act were under the impression that they would get their 20 per cent, deposit returned. He knew he was iu the auction- room when the Act, was first started, and he never heard anything of the sort. The hon. member was a selector, and might have hoped to get the 20 per cent, returned, but he did not think he ever thought it. He understood the Attorney- General to agree to bring in an amendment of the Act in reference to tbe third resolution. The CHIEF SECRETARY' (Hon. A. Blyth) understood the Attorney- General to say that he would first call f«r a report from the Surveyor General, and if any fault in the regulations was found to exist with regard to clause 18, he would bring in a Bill to amend it, Mr. CAVENAGH in that case must vote with Mr. Ward, because he had been a person who had prevented frauds under that clause which he knew could be carried on, if the Government did not intend to amend it. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) was not in the House when the Attorney-General spoke, but what he had stated was what the Attorney- General was to have said. Mr. CARlt considered that the attempt of the Government to put down discussion had l-een sin gularly unsuccessful, as nearly every member had spoken, and nearly all who had had expressed the Dpinion that reform was needed in our land legis lation. The Ministry, of course, 6aid it was a wrong time to carry out the reform; but it was always a wrong time to hear unpleasant things. The Government had, however, promised to do something like what Mr. Ward proposed to do in the resolutions, and he thought it was unfair that they fchould try to keep hia resolutions from beine discussed, at the same time that they adopted part of them in clause 3. When a resolution must be brought in, he did not see why the Government should no have accepted Mr. Ward's. He would not go so far as Mr. Townsend had done, and say that Mr. Ward was the only man whom the Ministry would have dared to treat as they had on this occasion; but he thought there were other members in the House whom the Ministry certainly would not have treated as they had Mr. Ward— Mr. Stow, for instance. In his case it was like the American story of the xoon in the tree. (Laughter.) They said— ' Captain, is that you? If it is really you I will come down.' When Mr. Stow had spoken the Government had suddenly made a discovery, and the Attorney General had stood up to annouce that the Govern ment had found that the ISth clause of the last Act needed amendment Nothing had been seen of the amendment till Mr. Stow spoke, and then the Government were quite prepared to adopt hia amendment It was not now clear, however, that the Government were going to act in the matter, as they wanted a report from the Surveyor General upon the point, and only promised to take action conditionally upon that disclosing particular facts. He was surprised at the hon. member Mr. Pearce, who, though he held the same views upon this question, had lectured him as he would have done a little boy, and owing to some expression which he complained of, but did no; particularize, had said that he must vote against the House going into Committee. He was pleased at the remarks of Mr. Townsend, but he might say that his colleague Mr. Milne had not changed his mind so much as some persons he knew of, but would not now particularize. He should sup port the hon. member for Gumeracha, as he thought if the land law could be beneficially altered that should at once be done. Mr. P1CKKRING, from the views which he held, would be found at a proper time to go in for the whole of the resolutions, and he felt bound to press upon the Government the necessity for their remedying the defects in the law proposed in clause 3 of the resolutions. The i iovernment should accept reports of hon. members on that matter, as mar.y hid had theirattention called to it. He had known four or five persons who had placed themselves in a position of opposition to a genuine landowner, and had kept him oft' the land that he wanted, while it was understood which of the persons should take up the land afterwards. He thought that the auction system should be done away with, and that the system of tender, as advised by the hon. member for Light, shoald be adopted in its place. He had just returned from a journey of 300 miles through tbe area?, and found that the extent of the land there was far more than he expected to see. He had been talking about it to a shrewd Scotch gen tleman in the train, and when he said that there was enough good brown chocolate land in the North to satisfy all the farmers both here and in Victoria, the gentleman added. 'Aye, and in England also.' It was true there were drawbacks, one of which was the want of water; but that had to be fought apainst by men who wished to bring land under cultivation. He did not know whether he would be right or not in asking the hon. member to withdraw his motion on the promise of the Government that the matter should be attended to. If he forced his motion to a division be would be compelled to ?ote for going into Com mittee. Mr. KRICHAUFF could not let an opportunity pass where he had a chance of saying whit hia views were on the subject of land reform; aid he did not think that the Government had acted fairly in attempting to burke discussion. He believed that many of the farmers who thought last year that the Land Act was a good one had considerably changed their views, and it was therefore well that tbe House should know, through hon. members, both their own and the opinions of their con stituencies upon this matter. That would be etfected if the House would go into Committee, which he hoped would be done. The 18th clause of the Act was one that few could like, and he had unfortunately occasion only too often to see how badly it acted in the taking up of land. Farmers who did not evade it had come to town time after time and failed to get the land they desired, while those who evaded it were successful. The present Act did not meet the wants of the country, and should be amended. He hoped to have an oppor tunity of speaking again in Committee, and would vote with Mr. Ward for going into Committee. Mr. SIMMS would not have said anything upon this question but for the turn affairs had taken. He thought it waB admitted on all hands that the reforms in the old land system, which he had resisted as much as anybody else, had effected a vast amount of good for the country, and had en riched a large number of people. Some took exception, and said that the pastoral interest had suffered, but he denied that altogether, as it had not suffered to anything like the extent that it was expected to have suffered. There was no doubt that the squatter must give way to those who would till the land, and he believed that if the majority of squatters were asked to give a verdict they would give it in favour of the law in its altered state. A great deal of mischief had been effected by the ISth clause of the Act and he con sidered that it should be altered; and he felt that if any person but Mr. Ward had tabled this motion the Government would have allowed him to go into Committee at least He was Eorry that the Chief Secretary had taken the unusual course of moving the previous question, and he thought, though legally it might be right to do so, it was morally wrong, as all members should have the rieht to bring forward and have questions discussed which they considered to be for the benefit of the public. Mr. Ward, while speakin?, had convinced a number of members of the necessity of land reform. The Chief Secretary had spoken of the reform, and had said that as the Act had so lately been passed it was well that it should have a trial. That was all very well, but he must say that such glaring tiefects as those which had been pointed out should be remedied without delay. He was not opposed i o hon. members changing their minds, con sidering that it wouid not be a manly thiug if they did not. (Laughter.) He hoped that personalities would not be introduced into the House in future, but that hon, members would confine themselves to discussing questions that might result in benefit to the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WARD thought hon. members had blamed him in the wrong, as he had not introduced the motiou out of any iil-feeling, having tabled it long before any cause of dispute had arisen between him and Ministers. But when a member made pro fessiohBto his constituents and afterwards brjke them, he thought another member who held strong views upon the point had a ri^ht to com ment upon the action ; for he did not see why the truth should not come out there as well as any other place. Perscnally he did not think there was a more eslimable man than the Chief Secre tary. (Hear, hear and laughter.) But he had aright to his own views regarding him as a poli tician. He did not think, though he might have used strong terms, that there was anything in what he had said to justify hon. members in supposing that he meant to personally attack the Chief Secretary. The Chief Secretary had promised to have a revision of the law attempted if he could see a necessity for it. Oue had, he thought, been proved to him bv his own supporters: and even Mr. Cavenagh, who had had much personal expe rience of the working of the Act, had said that th*ie was no doubt about the evil effect of the 18th clause. The Chief Secretary had not said that these amendments were bad in themselves, but he said there was a time for all things, and at the proper tijae he would be prepared to support these amendments. They all knew there was no time like the present. To say they would wait till the eviis were increased could only be justified on the ground of expediency, not by any right whatever. The Chief Secretary and Attorney-General had both made it one of their points that he had changed his views on personal residence. He had not done so in the slightest, and if he saw the slightest chance of carrying it out, he would pro pose it, believing it was the best means of eusuriug true settlement. But to fi^ht for something he knew the country would not carry would be waste of time. He distinctly drew the line between the country and the House. In the resolutions he had tabled the country was with him. and they would say so in the future. The Chief Secretary said he ought to know, in reference to the alterations proposed in Victoria, that there was not the ghost of a chance of their being carried. The telegrams received showed that they had been carried by a large majority, and that being the case he thought probably the Council would see fit to give way, and defer to the strongly- expressed opinion of the Assembly. The Chief Secretary said that the objection to the action had been remedied, but after the assurance of several hon. members he would be bound to admit that he was wrong in that respect. No regulation could override the ISth clause. Then the Chief Secretary took a great deal of exception to his remarks about 'he Survey Office. In reply he would state that there was a time when either he as Commissioner of Crown Lands or the Survey Office committed one of the greatest blunders ever made. On being reproached what was his excuse '. He said he really did not know anything about it, but had taken the advice of his officers. He was alluding to the Booyoolee lands, and that certainly justified the remarks he had made. If more were necessary to show that they had survey officers capable where they had the opportunity of thwart ing the intention of the Legislature, he asked any hon. member whether it was ewr contemplated that lands should be surveyed into agricultural areas that were unfit for agricultural purposes; and then to look at the return called for by Mr. Carr, in which the Surveyor- General described thousands of acres of land as swamp, limestone ridges, stony ranges, tic. That was a mockery of legislation, and an attempt on the part of the Survey offi.-ersto wit aside the delit-erafe intention of the 1/egiv lature. The Chief Secretary most unjustly charged him with putting these resolutions on the Paper to annoy him. That was elevating himself into far too great importance. He Bhould think it very much beneath him to make use of his public position, and certainly of a great question of public interest, for no higher motive than to annoy anybody; and if the Chief Secretary thought he was of so much importance to him as that he was entirely mistaken. In reply to the hon. member Mr. Stow, he cwuld s:iv that if allowed to po into Committee he should be able to bring many more arguments to bear on each of the several resolutions. Instead of the limited auction he would like to see the syBtem of tender adopted amongst the applicants. He wished to say a word or two with regard to Mr. Pearce. Why that hon. member had lectured him as he did he did not know; but he believed it was onlv for an excuse to vote against the resolu tions. The records would show that on the motion last session to recommit the clauses of the Bill to make the price £1 per acre. Air. Pearce voted against that, and when it was moved to recommit to insert two years instead of one as the time for which land should be reserved, he voted against that. He was not aware there was any personal squabble, and he was sorry any such allusion had been made. He nid not want to be personal, but when he found that meint-er8 who took the re sponsibility of directinc public affairs would not in office carry out the pledges they had given, and were, as he thought sacrificing their pledges in order to get office, lie considered he would not be honest if be did not point out such inconsistency. So far from beinz desirous to refrain from pointing out such inconsistency, he wished in the words of Othello he had the power— 'To put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the world.' The hon. member Mr. Townsend wa3 good enough to give him, as he often did, a little of his patronage, which he did not want He did not know whether he intended to be offensive or jocular when he said he knew him there simply as the representative of Gumeracha, and did not care about knowing him in any other capacity. At any rate he could tell Mr. Townsend that he knew him very well in other capacities, and he kttew many 'thintis of him in other capacities which he (Mr. Townsend) would never know of him. Tn these resolutions he was doing what he thought to be the honest thing, and he hoped tn have the support of independent members in opposing the unusual course the Government had thought proper to adopt. The previous question was then put in the form 'shall this question be now put.' The Aves w-re declared to nave it. The CHIEF SKCRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) called for a division :— Ates, 10 — MeBsrs. Boucau', Carr, Cottrell, Krichauff. Lindsay, Simras, Stow, Townsend, and Ward (teller). Noes, 13-The Treasurer, tbe Attorney-General, tie Commissioner of Public Works. Messrs. Roothby. Bray, Cavenagh. Duncan. Mortlock, Ptarce, Smith, Solomon, Watts and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 3 for the Noes. TELEGRAPH LINE FROM PORT AUGUSTA TO PORT LINCOLN. Mr. WATTS allowed his motion for £1LOO3 for the construction of this telemph line to lapse. LICENSED VICTUALLER* AMENDMENT BILL. Tn CornmitUe. Mr. CARS moved— 'That it is expedient to amend th; Ticeowd Victuallers Amendment Act of 1872. to as to enact that it shall not be incumbent on the Licenonc Bench to renew the licence of any public-bouse for which a new licence mar hereafter be grafted, unlesa, in the opinion of the Bench, such public* house is needed for the accommodatioa of the public' Most hon. members were aware that under the present law tbe Bench of Magistrates were bound to renew the licence of every public-house that had already received a licence unless objection for certain specified reasons was made and sustained after notice. In consequen-e the Magistrates had again and again given a licence when they really thought it would be better that such licence should bave been withheld. In one case they did withhold tbe licence for, as he thought sufficient reason, and the Supreme Court issued a mandamus compelling them to grant the licence. All the world over the double fact was recognised that licences were given for the public good, and the house was kept open for the public good. Present legal rights, however unadvisable it might have been to have created them, were to be pre served: but with regard to the future, he thought it was desirable first to stop the growth of these vested right*, and secondly to bring our legislation into accordance with the legislation of the mother country and the other colonies. He knew the vested rights at present existing were considerable, and those who wished to open public-houses would wish to acquire them ; but that was not sufficient reason why the law should continue in the present state. He heard a case the other day in which a valuator valued property at £StX\ but because it was a public-house he valued it at £1,300, allowing £500 for the vested right. It was worth while to consider whether they would give a bonus of that sort to the man who built a public-house. The Magistrates ought to have power to say whether a licence should or should not be granted. It bad been said this was a Permis sive Bill. (Mr. Smith— 'Hear, hear.) It was not and was no instalment of it. The principle of the Permissive Bill was that the question should he referred to the ratepayers. This only sought to place the Magistrates in an independent position, so that they should Dot be compelled to give a renewal of a licence where they considered such a renewal was not justified. Mr. STOW said in some respects he could go with the bon. member, but as he was satisfied that the propceal could be properly applied to all public houses— (cheers)— he thought the best way would be for him to move the previous question. (The Chairman—' That the Chairman leave tue chair.') He would move that The CHAIRMAN put the motion that he leave the chair, which was negatived. Mr. STOW had not wished to stop discugsion, and he was sorry the question had beeu put in that w»y. His reason for opposing the motion was that it was impossible, having due consideration to the interests of the public, to make a general resolution of this sort. In the thickly populated parts it might be undesirable that the mere granting of a licence should constitute a vested right, which would prevent its being taken away ; but he must look to the con venience of tbe public, and he considered that ia many places public- houses were required— (Hear, hear)-anditwas important th-it they should be comfortable and respectable. Who would spend a large sum of money in the erection of a new house when he knew that even if he obtained a licence in the first instance it was likely to be taken away when pressure was brought to bear upon the Magistrates! Mr. SIMMS did not think Mr. Carr was as well up in this subject as he was in others. He thought if the motion were passed there would be no in ducement to persons to provide for the convenience of the public in outlying districts, where it was necessary to build pood houses, lwcause there would be no guarantee that they could retain the licences, even if granted, for more than one year. He would rather the lion, member had brought down the Permissive Bill, as he agreed with him upon that question to a certain extent and liked people to have what they wanted. He hoped the hon. member would with draw the motion. If he did not large interests, which were at stake would be to a great extent jeopardized. Nobody had a higher respect than he had for the Licensing Bench, but he thought they had plenty of power. They could aud did refuee licences. There was an Inspector, who reported upon the houses, and if the reports were favourable the Bench, as a matter of course and very properly, granted the licences ; but they had a right to refuse them, and did uot always grant them. There were petitions and other meant by which they could get the information they wanted. There was one case in which he thought a hardship had been done. A new licence was applied for last quarter by a man who had spent £l,S50 on a house. The Inspector reported favourably of it, and the Bench had nothing to say against it; but they refused the application on the ground that it was not usual to grant licences at the quarterly meeting, although they had granted a licence for another place the same day. He felt that a great injustice was done to the man in not giving him a licence, and he hoped that in the future the Bench would look into cases like this with some respect to the amount of money laid out, the wants of the neighbourhood, and the petitions presented to them. He hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motion, because it was a retrograde step. The CHIEF SECKKTAJir (Hon. A. Blyth) had looked at the matter very carefully, and was bound to vote for the motion. He could not see any justice in saying that when once a house was licensed it should be always licensed, and he thought the Bench in fulfilling their onerous and responsible duties felt and with some cause, that if a bouse was not required for the accomodation of the public they should have power to say that a licence should not be granted. (Mr. Simms— 'They have that power.') At the present time there was a general understanding the licences should not be taken from existing houses, but in the future he was willing to trust the Bench with the power proposed, and he thought they ought to have it He had seeu a great deal of harm through licences being granted where they were not required. Mr. SOLOMON would support the motion. This was the course he asked the hon. member to adopt instead of bringing in the Permissive Bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Simms talked of jeopardizing vested interests, but the motion did not interfere with vested interests already in existence, but simply »ave a power to the Licensing Bench which they outiht to have. There were many reasons, which could not be explained, why it would be necessary to take away licences, but the Bench were at pre sent almost automatons. They were bound so closely by the 11th and 20th clauses that they could not possibly move. (Hear, hear.) The proviso to the 23rd clause, which stated that a person who had had a licence should be entitled to a fresh licence as a matter of course unless it was shown to the satisfaction of tke Bench that he was of bad character, applied only to the men and not the houses. This clause gave sufficient protection for vested interests. The Bench felt themselves in some difficulty. They had seen many instances where a house existed which it would be for the benefit of the public to suppress, but they were perfectly powerless. He had no fear that the Bench would, if they thought a house was rt quired, and the holder was of good character, take the licence away, unless obtained by fraudu lent description. He had known a house described as ready to accommodate the public when it was only half built and the terms could not be complied with f«r many months, if at alL It was to guard against that that he viewed the motion with favour. If they entrusted nine gentlemen with power under the Licensed Vic tuallers Act, it should be 6uch power as could be felt Under the Act if a house was once licensed objections could only be acted upon if made by petition from two- fifths of the inhabitants in the neighbourhood. He did not think the power as- ked could be used to the injury of vested interests. Mr. RAMSAY would ask the hon. member to withdraw the motion, because it was a very serious interference with private enterprise. They should do all they could to encourage the erection of sub stantial nouses. He would go with the hoa. member so far as to facilitate the suppression of low houses or drunkenness. He did not think, however, the motion would have the effect, but the opposite, because instead of good substantial houses being built there would be mere makeshifts, which would just answer the purpose and no more. He thought the Magistrates had quite sufficient power new when there was acy necessity to take licences away. The power proposed to be given them was one which he did not think the Bench would like to have, because it wouid place them in a very awkward position, especially in country districts. Mr. PEAECE would support the motion, and he thoucht that when Mr. Simms said it would affect vested interests he made a great mistake. It did not attempt to touch present vested interests, but simply proposed that for the future the Licensing Bench should have the same power that was given to the licensiug Benches in Great Britain. There was no point more strongly insisted upon in British legislation than that the right should only extend from year to year. In South Australia it was doubtless intended that the legislation should harmonize with that of England, but it had been decided by the Supreme Court that a man once having a licence had a right to renewal without interference from any quarter. (No.) He was under the impression that if the Bench granted a licence once they were bound to renew it the next year, unless there were excep tional circumstances which it was difficult to represent, and the Bench had shown that they de served to be armed with the power that was proposed. He did not believe that the motion would make any difference in the character of the houses, because unless good buildings were put up licences would not be granted. Mr. BRAY would oppose the motion, because do necessity bad been Bhown for amending the law. There were many grounds on which the Bench might refuse to grant a licence. (Cheera.* At present it was only an understanding that when a house was licensed it should continue to he so, bat the hon. member wished to make it a poutura enactment. Hebeliefed so far from the motion encouraging a better dm* of houses, it would induce people to pirt up places with mere temporary accommetration. He thought also that it would have a tendency to make the Licensing Bench careless in granting licences, because they would say, ' We can give these houses that are not particularly required licences, and we can refuse them if we find that they are not required next year.' He believed the public were better judges than the Bench, and that so long as they gave encouragement to a landlord to keep his house open so long should a licence be granted, provided the house was properly con ducted. It seemed that Mr. Can wished to create by law those vested interests to which be was so much opposed. The instance in which the man damus was granted by the Supreme Court was not very creditable to the Bench. The Bench refused a licence to the Somerset Hotel on the ground that the house was not required for the accommodation of the public The matter was taken before the Supreme Court, which said that was no ground on which the Bench could refuse to renew a licence which had been granted to the house. The Bench then said the house did not contain sufficient accommodation for the public. The additional accommoda tion was provided, and the house had Bince obtained a licence. He believed it would not tend to the improvement of the character of public houses if they could obtain a licence for ene year only with the prospect of its being refused the next Mr. PICKERING thought Mr. Bray very incon sistent When the Permissive Bill was before the House he would not trust the public; now he said he would do so. He must go for the motion. All that had been advanced in opposition was that the power proposed to be given to the Licensing Bench already existed. If bo, why oppose it? But Mr. Solomon had shown that the power did not exist and he thought the resolution should be carried out in order to strengthen the hands of the Licensing Bench, who if they erred at all would be likely to err on the right side. Mr. STOW did not wish to see the resolution earned. He would propose to strike all the words out but if the question was earned that the words stand he should propose to add an amendment limiting the right ot the Licensing Bench to refuse licences to those houses not needed for the acco modation of the public which had not had licences granted them for three consecutive years, which would confer a vested interest in those houses which had been licensed for three years and might be considered established. As regarded the Licensing Bench, he could tell the House of oue case where a person appeared by counsel, who rose and said he had important considerations to offer to them to show why the licence should bo granted, when he was stopped by the gentleman who acted as Chairman telling him the licence was refused : aud whilst he was appealing to the first principles of justice of not deciding a case before it was heard three or four other applications were settled. (Laughter) The CHAIRMAN did not think he could put an amendment to FtrLke out words unless some others were moved in their place. Mr. STOW would propose, then, to strike out all the words after 'that and insert 'it is not desirable to alter the laws relating to licensed victuallers at present.' (The Treasurer—' That is a simple negative.' ) Mr. CARR would rather that the hon. member took a direct vote against him before proposiugany amendment instead of first trying to destroy the motion, and, if he could not do so. trying to neu tralize its effect. He would rather the motion were negatived than this three years' restriction put to it He thought the fact had beeu forgotten that in England the Magistrates had this power, and no public evil had accrued from its exercise. They did not take away the licences of houses needed for the accommoda tion of the public. It was monstrous that public houses had a perpetual right of renewal to their licences. As, however, the Supreme Court had so ruled, they were bound to respect it; but he thought in future they had the right to say that Magistrates should be placed in a position to carry out their duties impartially and fearlessly. Mr. WiiST-ERSKINE thought if the motion were carried in its present form it would be rather a reflection on the Licensing Benches of South Australia, which he believed were composed of the very best men who could be got for the execution of the duties entrusted to them, and if they were not to be trusted the sooner they vacated the posi tion the better. (Hear, hear.) He thought Mr. Carr merely sought to confer upon them that dis cretionary power which it seemed from the judgment of tbe Supreme Court they had not at present. Mr. SMITH was hoping that he should not have had to speak on this question, because, like Mr. Simms, be might be supposed to be rather in terested. He could say that he was not interested at all in the motion. The hon. member for West Adelaide and himself would be considerably benefited by it; but it would have the eflect of giving to licensed houses the vested interest which tbe hon. mover was seeking to deprive them of. They had been told that a certain house realized £500 more than it otherwise would have done for the simple reason that it was licensed, and the purchaser knew the Bench would not license another in the neighbourhood, and no doubt the houses in existence at the present time would be enhanced in value a hundred per cent. Mr. Solomon, who was a. member of the Licensing Bench, ought to know that a licence could be refused at the present time if an applicant in any way misbehaved himself; but Burely he would not seek to deprive the landlord of the opportunity of putting a respectable man into the house. In England mere Bhanties of beer-shops were licensed which would never be licensed out here; but if persons building houses knew that they would only get a licence for 12 months they would build places which would be a disgrace to the colony. He himself would not invest a shilling more than to provide the bare accommodation which would be sufficient to secure a licence. He knew of a house which waa being built iu the District of Sturt which would cost £4,000; and why should the occupier be deprived of his licence at the end of twelve months any more than an auctioneer of hi3 licence? If tbe Bench granted a licence to a house which they believed was required, why should they refuse it at the end of twelve months? He had every confi dence in the Adelaide Licensing Bench; but they must remember that Licensing Benche3 were now distributed all over the colony, and they could not tell what caprice might induce two or three men to resolve to deprive a man of his licence. That being the case he hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motioD. He had received a certain circular, he presumed with other hon. members, asking him to support this proposition. He wished the Good Templars all joy, but he thought if they would settle the differences amongst themselves instead of trying to influence members of the House it would be better for their own cause. Mr. DUNCAN said it seemed to him that houses in course of erection should be put on the same footing as houses which were now licensed; because when the proprietors undertook to erect them they did it, believing the law would not be altered in the meantime. He therefore asked the hon. member to add after tbe word 'granted,' 'other than those now in course of erection.' Mr. CARR thought it would be better to fix a period, if the resolution was carried, when the Bill came into operation. The CHAIRMAN thought it would be better to make it an amendment to one of the clauses of the Bill. Mr. DUNCAN preferred to press the amendment Mr. SOLOMON should not have risen but that Mr. Smith had mistaken the position of the mo tion, and thought that it attempted to interfere with houses now erected. Such was not the case, and Mr. Stow had said that a certain case was decided by the Magistrates of the Licensing Bench before they heard it. He, as one of that Bench, hoped that Mr. Stow had not meant what he said, as no such practice was carried out by the Licensing Bench. Mr. STOW had not intended to infer that the Licensing Bench had done what was improper; but it was clear that they had decided the matter before they heard the case. Mr. TOWNSEND said that men building hotels would have to have plans prepared and submitted to the Licensing Bench, who could disallow them; and thus licensed victuallers were compellcu to do what no other person had to do. The hon. mem ber's motion would give these men, after all these conditions had been complied with, only 12 months' interest in the houses, and he thought they had a right to more than that. It would be much better that there should be free trade in this as well as other things. The motion emanated from Mr. Carr *nd his friends, who if they could carry a Bill to shut up all the public houses in the colony would da it. He considered that a house erected ae an hotel, and passingtheBeneh as a proper house for a licence, would De of runch more value than aa ordinary house, and he eoDsidered that if there was to be some longer term of interest allowed it would be an inducement to persons to put up good houeej. He contended that at present in Adelaide tfcere was not nearly so many objectionable hoases as in towns in which he bad been at heepe, and they were conducted well, with the exception that the drink sold in them was not always a& Rood as it ought to be. (Laughter.) Bat ht the condi tion proposed by Mr. Can wen earned, no Magis trate would attempt to ksnose sueh stringent conditions upon persons- building hoosesfer hotels, and so buildings would be put up not so good as would otherwise b* th« case. He thought Mr. Cut ?hoold have brought in a Percussive Bill at once, and not have tried to gain some strength to his cause by a motion of this kind. He did not think that the public bad anything to complain of the hotels now: ud th« notion of the hon. mernber proceeded fawn an organised body. (Mr. Can— » 'It is my own.*') It was tbe hon. member's o-n motion as one of that body— the W.C.J. some thing; he did not know what. (M-. Carr,— 'it never was submitted to thei.V) If that had been done— if the motion had been submitted to any one— he thought it would not ha'*e been brought forward. He quite sympathized \7*fo Mr. Carr. The hon. member was fond of a slass of good water, and he was fond of a glass o? good Deer when he could get it, but he did not think' that any measures should be taken against the licensed victuallers. Mr. LAKE did not allow that the motion tfrald interfere with vested interests. It had to do with accommodation to be provided, and with that alone. It was said that if this principle was agreed to we should not see good public-houses erected, but he considered that while there was uncertainty in tbe matter houses would stand that ought long ago to bave come down. The motion would not have a bad effect upon the better class of houses, and he would have been glad if hon. members had gone further and made it apply to all public-houses. He was in favour of free trade in public-houses as well'as in other things, but he did not think that they Bhould exist when the necessity for them no longer existed. He felt no compunction at all in agreeing to the motion, especially as Mr. Smith had said that it would not affect such as he, for he had feared that it might bo affect vested iuteresta. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) confessed that he could not see the absurdity of this motion of Mr. Carr, as alleged by Mr. Townsend. It had been on the Paper for some tune, and no person had objected to it. He had pro mised Mr. Carr that he would support him, and would do so. (tfear, hear.) There could be no injury that he could see done to any mac, as the motion only applied to the cases of men who built houses in the future, and they would now do so, knowing the risks they ran, and with their eyes open. He thought that he would support the amendment of Mr. Duncan, or at least he favoured his idea that houses incourse of erection should be exempted. Mr. Stow's amend ment seemed to mean that when a public-house had been licensed for three years it should have a perpetual licence. He did not look upon that as right, for we did not know what changes W«ht be breught about iu circumstances. He 13Jlid vote with the hon. member. Mr. TOWNSEND-The Treasurer had said that a man had to erect a house after this motion was carried with the full knowledge of the risk he ran, and that it was perfectly a voluntary act Suppose a person went to him. as was sometimes necessary, for money. (The Treasurer— '1 never advance money on public- houses.') The hon. member was agent for some once, and very bad ones they were; but he supposed that he had nothing to do with them now. But as money had to be borrowed to put up houses, he considered the practical working of the clause would be to interfere with the erection of good buildings. He considered Mr. Stow's amendment placed a house to be erected in the position of the houses now erected, after having had liceuces granted for three years. That was that in the event of no report being matle against the conduct of such hotels, licences should be granted its a matter of course. He considert. d that the motion if carried would do harm. Mr. PEARCE trusted those who viewed the question in the same light as he did would reject Mr. Stow's ameudment, aa il would be worse than a negative of the motion. In reply to what Mr. Smith had said, he denied tint he was a Good Templar, or said that as he was not interested personally he could vote upon the question more calmly than Mr. Smith. He did uot know why the hon. member should say that he was in no vay interested in public-houses, aud he might be wrong in saying so, but he did not belong to the Good Templars. (Shame.) The hon. member Lad argued that vested interests would be interfered with, and that widows and children were interested in it ; but he challenged him to prove a single use where widows and children were about to build hotels. (Mr. Stow— 'There miiiht be widows aad children afterwards') This motiou had uothiig to do with vested interests, and he would cui Eiderthat Mr. Smith had not spoken froinfactsif he could not instance a case in point Mr. SMITH knew cases where widows aid children whoBe property was managed by trustes were living on the rents of public-houses, aid trustees might lay out money a^ain in the ercctim or purchase of hotels on the faith that tbe accon modation which was now pronounced sufiicieit would be good enough to obtain a licence at tie next licensingday. He was a trustee himself, aid he would very probably act in that way on tbe fain that licences would be continued to the houses. Ee hud not said that the hon. member for Light h.d no interest in public-houses, but that ho presunnd that the bon. member had not. He pointed to tie fact that members had received circulars, askiig them to support the motion, as a proof that tie Good Templars had been behind the scene i in ths matter. They did a great deal of good, and 1b wished them all speed with their work, so long as they only acted upon the voluntary principle inthe matter, but he did not believe in compulsion. Mr. CARR said he bad put his motion cc the Paper, and it was printed, and when that war done be had sent a copy to the Good Templas, and they had directed their Secretary to send ait cir culars to the various members. Mr. STOW moved that the Committee -b now divide, and pointed out that as his motion vas for adding words, and Mr. Duncan's for iuertinsc words, he had the right to have his amendment put first. He would therefore ask that th- ques tion Bhould be put that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the question. The question that the words proposed to be Btruck out stand part of the nutation was delared carried. Mr. STOW called for a division, but withdew his call. Mr. Stow's amendment was then put. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) undestood the amendment bore the construction he putupon it that the houscB would then have a heated interest for ever, and he must vote against tint. Mr. STOW apprehended it would place hiusea in respect to which licences had been hcrafter granted and continued for three consecutive 'ears in the same position as present houses. Mr. Stow's amendment was then put and declared netrativpd. Mr. STOW called for a division :- Atfs, 4 — Messrs. Bray, Siiuins, Smith, and Stow (teller). Noi-h. 14-The Chief Secretary, the Treasirer. the Attorney-General, the (--muiissioner of Piblic Works, Messrs. Cavenash, Cottrell, Ducan, Krichauff, Luke, Lindsay, Mortlock, Peice, Pickering, Solomon, and Carr (teller). Majority nf 10 for the Noes. Mr. DUNCAN moved to add— 'This resoluion. shall not apply to any house now in count of erection. ' Carried. The resolution was amended and passed, aid a Committee consisting of the Attorney-Generalandl Mr. Carr appointed to prepare and bring in a BIL ALIENATION OF CROWN LAND3 FOt RAILWAYS. Mr. OARR said the Chief Secretary had lug gested that this matter might very properly ame on in connection with the Transcontinental lail way Bill. He would prefer to take it in the sips rate form, but he thought there would not be. line ? before the Bill came on, so he moved that t he- Order be read and discharged. Order discharged. LODGERS PROTECTION BILL. In Committee. Mr. PEAKCE proposed an amendment in the 1st clause to the effect that if the lodger punch sed the landlord's goods he should do so at leas 30 - days before execution was put iu. Carried. Clause passed as amended. The consideration of the report wa$v.madi an. Order for that day week. CITY BRIDGE. In Committee. Mr. COTTKKLL moved— ' That an address be presented to. His Ecel lency the Governor, praying Hi& Excellenc; to recommend this House to make srarision in the Estimates for the year 1874 to an. extent not ex ceeding £6.0-0 towards defraying- the cost of re moving the old City Bridge from Hie City-road to the Bite of the old Frome Bridget and providing a wider structure in lieu of the pre:»ntCity Bridge\i»- He stated that it was intended to nmove th« present City Bridge, which wai not wide enough for the, traffic, to the Frome Cfos«in& and to pro-, vide a more commodious structure on the City road. A good deal of information had been given, on the matter from time to time, w^hielr it was not necessary he should repeat: The Enaineerin Chief had 1-een consulted,' ar-i reported that the City Bridge could- be used at the Frome Crossing. The City Corporilion in tended expending on the two bridges tcoititliing like £17,000. They hid sp*nt two or three thousand in the purchase of laud* and for widening the City Bnige-ro*]; ind the Govern ment bad, he believed, agreed to assist t.icm to tho extent asked in this notion. Large and influential meetmgB had been teJd in the city, ami: petitions had been presented Bhowing the necessity of the work. Tbe traffic; of which an account was taken in 1871, was very great, aid since then ife had consi derably increased. He did not thml: ih uecessary for him to say laore, aod he would lca*e the matter in the hands cf the Bouse. The CONIMISSIONEU of PUBLJC WORKS (Hon. H. IL Bright) said the Government would support tbe motion if it was made t^ apply to the Estimate of 1874-5. The Government had been in com'jrmnication with the Corporation, aud he. believed they were quite willing to agree to that. Mr. BKAY hoped bis hon. colleague would ao'jpt tbe amendment, and referred to tbe vf /ition which had been presented in favour of the? Mr. WEST-IBSKDJE thonght a very good case bad been made oat, but expressed a hope that the Corporation would not. as he had heard ther intended, make a new road from the end ol Pulteney-street, but would use the one alreadw formed by the side of the Hospital Garden. 