THE APRIL MAGAZINES. No. II. Blackwood opens with a paper descriptive 1 St°5ispcare's funeral, in which Drayton and hearing, the poet's widow, and Dr. Hall and his wife are fire chief interlocutors ; while Sir Thomas Lucy, Kit Sly, Nym, Wart, Bardolph, and Eagle also take part in the dialogue, which CIRCLE a very fair imitation of the colloquial language of the time ; the passage from the minister's sermon having quite an Elizabethan flavour. Many brilliant tilling sparkle in the pages of " The Parisians," allowing that to the last the mind of its gifted author retained its vigour and vivacity. It is interesting to find him asserting that Samuel Richardson possessed that rare genius which qualified him to understand thoroughly a woman, which scarcely any English poet, with the exception of Shakspeare, was endowed with. A memoir of Sir John Burgoyne whose death seems to have been accelerated by the loss of Wa only son in the Captain-places his character and career in a bright light ; while it points out that Sebastopol fell through the very point on which the brave old man had all along contended that it was most vulnerable. Some pungently clever satire is interwoven with the serial story of "A True Reformer,." and the conversations on the reorganisation of the army carried on by Sir Thomas Pyghed, Lord Quhccrie, General Pcddant, and Colonel Neville, scarcely caricature those which actually take place in official circles, if blue books and House of Commons speeches are to be relied upon. The Earl of Winchelsea -one of "the black Finches "-claims a place among the singing birds and has produced a rhymed story of Castle Comet in Guernsey. It is very creditable for a lord ; although we dissent Me from its noble author's statement, that if his verses had never seen the light The public had lost Some amusement and wit ; And as rattling a ballad As ever was writ I For there is not a scintilla of wit in the whole of the seven and twenty stanzas and the only amusement they excite is that occasioned by the postmaster's assumption that there is anything amusing about them. Under the somewhat enigmatical title of "The Late Attempt at Suicide," the political writer in Blackwood discusses the defeat of the Gladstone Administration, its retirement from office, and subsequent resumption of the reins of Government; But the article seems to be the work of a sorry hack and there was a time when old " Mnga" would have been very severe on such skimble-skamble stuff as this, which nevertheless appears in its own columns : " Power acquired by change of opinion, however honest the change may be, is but Dead Sea fruit, as he (Mr. Gladstone) probably does not require to be reminded, Therefore, 'if he should feel any of his mo. recent tenet oozing out at his finger-ends, we are sure that he will stop the leak at once." This is really worthy of Dogberry or of Mrs. Malaprop. " Old Kensington" is finished in the Corn- hill, and most persons will part from its inhabitants with regret, and with none more so than Dolly, who is evidently a prime favourite with her creator, since she, too, lingers over her as unwilling to say " Good-bye." Mr. W. G. Palgrave contributes a readable account of Anatolia, the birth-place of the Byzantine empire, " its cradle, its stronghold, and its reserve hope." Osmanlee nile is evidently regarded with very unfavourable eyes by the writer, who draws an extremely repulsive picture of it, and declares that " if better days be yet in store for Pontus, they certainly will not dawn till the last rays of the crescent have set from the verge of her western horizon-the seven- hills of Stamboul." A dissertation on Ana- grams traces their origin back to the feeble way, and brings together a good many curious specimens of this laborious trifling. One of the best of these is the answer to Pilate's question, "Quid est veritas ." namely, "Est vir qui adest." There is also a French one which is worth quoting. It is founded on the name of the charming Marie Touchet, mistress of Charles the Ninth - "Jo charme tout." Among the English ones, that of Horatio Nelson seems to bear away the palm "Honor est a Nile." Literary disciples of Isaak Walton will find some pleasant gossip about angling and old authors in an article entitled "The Fly-fisher in Winter Quarters," the writer of which pays a tribute in passing to the angling lore of Shakspeare, and intimates his intention of writing an essay on the dramatist as a fisherman. By and bye the sage commentators will make the discovery, perhaps, that a practical acquaintance with all the acts and occupations in which Shakspeare is reputed to have been an adept could only have been acquired in a lifetime embracing a couple of centuries within its span. Some " Notes on Ghosts and goblins " leaves the vexed question very much where they found it. The writer's hypothesis is this, that "the best and perhaps only natural interpretation of events supposed to be supernatural is that year sights and sounds are modified by the imagination, either excited or diseased, into seemingly supernatural occurrences." But then, he admits that " the explanation does not cover the facts of all ghost stories." in A Chronicle of the Cotton Country" we gave a vividly written and ra tive of a tragedy enacted in a village situated in one of the great cotton plains of Central India. As a picture of one phase of the rural life of India, it is eminently graphic, and, so far as a person unacquainted with the scenery and people can estimate, very accurate ; while it serves to show the existence of a state. of society quite alien to that of European countries, and constantly presenting difficulties to the exotic rulers of the country, which it must task all their ingenuity to deal with. in the Revue des deux Mondes for the 1st of April, M. Maxime du Camp follows up his previous articles on the educational institutions of Paris by describing those which are set apart for the instruction of the deaf and limb, as also of the methods adopted. It appears that there are about 30,000 persons who are thus afflicted in France, of whom not more than 1,500 are inmates of the asylums founded for the reception of this class. The power of the more intelligent of the educated deaf and dumb to narrate a story by the mere mimetic action of their limbs and the play of their features, is dwelt upon as something very wonderful by M. du Camp, A biographical notice of the late Lord Palmerston by a distinguished French , "diplomatist, the Comte de Jarnac, is highly A teresting on account of the writer's per- enal knowledge of the deceased statesman, and of his familiarity with the great events arid prominent personages in Europe during the last 20 or 30 years. It is very evident from the whole tone and tenor of the Comte's commentaries on the foreign policy of Palmerston that the latter was a thorough Englishman, and consistently true to what he believed to be the best interests and the highest glory of his country. Speaking of his various gifts and acquirements, his French critic pronounces him to be " incontestably the most accomplished master of diplomatic 'language that he ever met with. One day the Comte complimented him upon the ease with which he dashed off important de- spatches "veritable literary exploits in the Foreign Office. " That which I do rarely fatigues me," replied Palmerston, with his bright smile ; " it is only that which I have not yet been able to do." M. Giraud, of the Institute, continues his new studies of the life and times of Gregory the Seventh, tracing his career when he was only known as Hildebrand the Monk, and while he was chafing in the cloister under the reflection that the city of the Apostles was the servant of princes, and was shocked by the barter and sale of ecclesiastical dignities, the licentious lives of feudal bishops and lascivious priests, and by the general degradation of the sacerdotal case. An analysis of a Japanese drama enables us to obtain a very clear insight into the manners and mode of life of the military classes in that country. An admirable paper on the physiology of death, by M. Papillon, goes to confirm the theories advanced by Leibnitz and Bichat, while the writer's definition of our true personality, as contradistinguished from that which is apparent only, is as remarkable for its beauty as for its simplicity. In an article on the political deportations which have taken place to Cayenne and New Caledonia, the writer dis- cusses the possibilities of a successful colonisation of the latter; but without taking a very hopeful view of it. We do not know of any other source to which we could turn for obtaining a clear and comprehensive account of the German press than that which is opened up in the essay on this subject by M, Sarel. Atthesametimeitissome what startling to be told, on the authority of a Prussian journal, that France is already re- venged on her enemy since the political and social life of the people of Berlin has been corrupted and demoralised by French example and influence, and that the greed of gain, the fury of speculation, and habits of luxurious self-indulgence, are sapping the very foundations of society. The Overland Monthly, published in San Francisco, has entered upon the fifth year of its existence and although one or two of its best contributors have migrated to the eastern states, there is no perceptible falling off in the general quality of the writing. It is not quite equal, perhaps, to the Atlantic Monthly, but it is a periodical, nevertheless, of which California has every reason to be proud. An article on the intellectual Basis of Civilised Peace" starts from the assumption that the Geneva arbitration has shown the possibility of settling national disputes without an appeal to the sword, and proceeds to argue that war, as an institution, being simply irrational and resting on the true intellectual basis, the lasting repose of the world is capable of being secured by a general dis- armament, and by the establishment of an armed central authority for the suppression of war ; all which is very charming in theory, but is quite impracticable while human nature remains what it is, A cleverly-written paper, entitled " Twenty Years from Home," describes the feelings of disappointment and ennui which a restless adventurer experiences on his return from California to the sleepy little town in Massachusetts in which his early days were spent. Mutatis mutandis, it will apply to many an old colonist's sentiments when re-visiting his native place in the mother country, after an absence of nearly half a lifetime. An interesting sketch of the founders of the three great newspapers of New York is full of details such as could only have been obtained by a man behind the scenes. The writer states as a fact - an American fact it must be borne in mind that the present proprietor of the New York Herald despatched Stanley to hunt up Livingstone while suffering from the remorse " consequent upon a more than ordinarily heavy debauch, in the city of Paris." Bennett senior left a fortune of a million sterling, while the net revenue yielded by the paper is estimated at £1 10,000. A tawdry eulogy of Napoleon the Third falls foul of all and sundry who have ever condemned the career of the dead Emperor. Kinglake's account of the coup d'etat is pronounced to be "a wilful falsification from beginning to end." Jules Favre is pronounced to be a forger and a perjurer and we are told that republicans, everywhere, are sickened, even to nausea, with a miserable usurpation in France, which cloaks the most hateful acts of despotism, meanness, and hypocrisy under the name of Republic." Mr. Eugene Authors, who describes the village press and public of Ultrawa, must have been a very attentive reader of Poole's Little Pet alington for his description of the local paper and the village celebrities is just that of their English analogues Americanised. Joaquin Miller contributes a short poem entitled " El Vaquero," full of spirit, and eminently picturesque. Probably, a stockriders avoca- tion has seldom been portrayed so well unless by the late Mr. Gordon-as in the Unce stanzas penned by the Californian poet 