UNHAPPY DIVISIONS. . In our dq.y wo who term ourselves Christians have many different forms of worship, and each section of the Christian Church has the idea that it has restored the religion of Christianity to its primitive form of purity. Is it not so ? Does not each sect think in a spirit of pride that it worships the Triune God with greater sincerity than any other denomination ? Assuredly ; and we have not the least hesitation in stating that it is so ; and though one and all affirm that they are ready to acknowledge what is good and Scriptural in others — if it were not too serious a subject for ridicule — one might he amused at tho j)ctty jealousies and rivalries which exist among them. We think it would he a wiser plan if, instead of nourishing this jealous, envious spirit, they were to magnify God for his love to his universal Church, and if each section of that Church were to become more truly alive to its privileges and responsi bilities. The so- called Christianity of tho present day is a fashionable attainment, but is it the religion of tho Bible? St. James says, "That pure religion and undcfiled before Gocl and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in . their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Wo profess to take the Bible for 'our guide, and here is an assertion that tho humble and illiterate can easily interpret, and yet although there are thousands professing Christianity, how few there are who can truly say they follow this simple rule. Our great Exemplar, the Master whom wo love and reverence, the founder of our Christian Dispensa tion, was a perfect man, and as wo retrace his steps and again follow him from the cradle to the grave, what shall we behold ? "A man of sorrows " — a poor, humble, and despised man living a life of benevolent self-denial. A mail ready to -sympathise, with all who arc in sorrow. Is tho petitioner , a wretched outcast, one that men deem the vilest of the vile ? if there is true penitence he or she may come to Jesus and find a welcome. Does one come to Him who is suffering from some loathsome diseaso — it may be leprosy ? as he approaches, the compassionate Saviour does not turn his face away in disgust when He marks the hideous distortions of the sufferer's countenance ; but, with a look oif loving sympathy. He invites him nearer and still nearer, anil then, as soon as the cry for help is heard, Jesus speaks tlio word that will restore the afflicted one to health and strength. Let us follow our Saviour on that eventful day, when, with his disciples He was entering the city of Nain, and met at its gates a funeral pro cession. Many of the inhabitants of that small city wore following the body of a young man to the grave ; but there is one mourner, a woman, whose countenance is expressive of agonising grief, and it is easy to see that she lias' more than a common claim to the sympathy of those around her.' Ah ! she is a .widow, and' that cold, cold corpse is all that she has left of her only son, and now they arc bearing his body away to hide it from her sight. . As Jesus came near He saw the lienrt-sorrow of that poor wretched woman'; and He told her not to weep. Weep not, ah ! can she stay the fountain of her tears ? „ Is it well . to say to a bleeding heart; Weep not? It is well when Jesus says it ; and this poor widow felt it to be so, for peace came to her distracted mind when she heard tho despised Nazareuo bid those who were carrying the corpse to stand still ; and hope revived when she saw the Master take her son by the hand, and oh! how her heart throbbed as He uttered the words — -"Young man, I say unto thee, Arise." Yes, our Saviour sympathised with this widow in her ; sorrow, and gave back to her tlio loved one whom death had snatched for his prey. We may follow Him where wo will — wander where He wanders — walk with Him through the' streets of Jerusalem — ascend with Him the hills around tho city — gather with the multitudes on the shores of Lake Gennesaret — or even take ship and sail with Him on its blue waters — every where, in the homes of the people, or in tho Temple at Jerusalem sur rounded with learned Rabbi's, it is all the same — "Ho doetli all tilings well," and is never weary of doing -his Father's work. Ah ! what followers arc we. Surely the question may bo asked of us — " Arc yc tliis man's disciples ? Ye lazy, selfish, ambitious, luxurious- men and women, do ye glory that ye are the followers of this poor and humble Nazarene, the meek and lowly Jesus ?" It is a mere mockery to say we are, and wo may well hide our faces in shame and confusion. True and pure religion was illustrated in. tlioMife of our Saviour, and wo find, at the commencement of the Christian era that his disciples were not afraid to follow his footsteps, neither did they fear to keep and obey his precepts, though by doing so they know in many instances that death would be the inevitable consequence. We do not doubt for a moment that the principles of Christ's religion influence them, and that they were led by the Spirit — for this was manifested by their lives. It was a religion of tho heart to them, and wo have road instances of their devotion to Christ's cause, for .delicate .and refined women, noble- hearted and intelligent men, freely sacrificed their lives so that they should not dishonour the name of. Christ. The profession of Christianity was no farce in those days, but a matter of life and death. Now for modern Christianity. We think it. would make an angel weep to see how that name— Christ's name— is prostituted and dishonoured. If wo are to go back to tho words of St. James, or judge the religion of tho present day by our Saviour's life, we must assert that it is full of impurity and defilement ; and those who are true to their own consciences must admit this. All ! there will be a day of examination, a great reckoning day, and wo shall all he there ! Tho noble, the rich, the learned, and those who cri joy a sufficiency:; but this is not all, for there will bo also the poor, the wretched, and the vilest of manhood gathered from this city; How shall we feel when -we meet them at the bar of God ? We may shake our heads now and - say, " Am I my brother's keeper?" We may grasp our purses now with a tightened clutch," when the widow's thin face and tho sickly looks of the fatherless speak to our consciences ; nevertheless a time will come when our money must lie left, and we must pass away, and our souls must appear unrobed before the God of tho fatherless and the' Judge, of the widow, and when wo under stand thoroughly how worthless all tlie perishing baubles of this world, and see how rank and wealth count as nothing, with the Judge of man kind, surely wo shall .regret our folly, and! wish that we had been richer in gpod works. Nothing wo know1 can save us but a true and clinging trust in Jesus, works are of no avail for our salvation; hut if we so love. ou r; Saviour that we wish to please; Him, surely, we . may- strive to bo like Him. . Reflect for a moment- 011 itlic value of a'sohl. See that poor wretched outcast, filthy, ragged, and polluted, whose very touch you fancy would contaminate 3'ou, still for her Jesus tho Son of God shed His precious blood ; yea, if wo would remember this as we pass tho pauper and the outcast in the street, surely wo should bestir ourselves and make an effort to do something to stop the torrent of iniquity that rolls with unceasing velocity in our midst. Jesu's blood for such as these, those precious crimson drops for the reprobate and the vile. Yes ; and these souls arc precious in the sight of God the Father, though we may treat them as if they were of very little account ; naj', think us not irreverent when wo state that clergymen (with a few noble exceptions) seem to have the idea that so long as tncy strive to gain the souls of the wealthy for their Saviour, it is not of much consequence respecting tho poorer classes of society. _ Nay, frown not ; ye who minister in holy things when we say, it is the exception, and not the rule, when the poor by whom ye are surrounded are as eagerly sought after as tlie rich, but fawn 011, flatter the wealth', speak smooth things to them now ; ye must fender an account and we may not judge you. The great want of Christendom is a baptism, not of water, but of the Holy Ghost. What would bo the result if all who sincerely love our Lord Jesus Christ were to humble themselves before God, and pray for the promised blessing ? Would the gift bo denied 11s ? If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that aslc Him ?". .Christ hath said this, and He cannot lie. We believe the promises of -the New Testament are for lis, and some of tlieni we dare to claim ; and oh ! what comfort and consolation they have brought us ; but our moral cowardice is such that, wo make but a very .feeble 'attempt to claim tlio richest of. all promises as our own, being afraid to offend the prejudices of the times. Alas ! the Christian Church is afraid to 'be pure : and holy, afraid to pray with sincore earnestness for a rich baptism of the Holy Ghost, and we, as individual Christians, are false to our God and false to ourselves, for do we not bow before the shrines of wealth, rank, and position ; and then, as a soothing baliu for our wounded consciences, squabble for our sect and for our cause, and flatter ourselves wc-are doing something for the advancement of religion, by rigidly observing certain rites and ceremonies, and' giving our money for this charitable purpose and the other. Fasts, forms, ceremonies, and all other outward observances to which we may cling may pass as religion with men, but God will have tho wor ship of the heart and the obedience that is His due. Hearken to the words of the Prophet Isaiah, when I10 reproved, the hypocrisy of the Jews, "Is this not the fast that I have chosen ! to loose, the bands of wickedness, to undo tho heavy burdens, and to let tlie oppressed go free, and that j'e break every yoke ? Is it not to deal tliy bread to the hungry, and that bring the poor that arc cast out to thy house ? When thou seest tlie naked, that tliou cover him ; and that thou hide not thyself ..from 'thine own flesh?" Is. lviii. C, 7. Ah ! who can stand before God ? Wo arc all verily guilty, and the Almighty God, the Eternal Jehovah, is searching, our hearts. We arc not our own if we have not willingly yielded ourselves to God and His ser vice, and given up to Him our all, and become His by regeneration and adoption, still we are His by creation, and shall assuredly have to render an account, to God our Creator. What a settlement it will be ! God has revealed His will to us, and told us plainly in His word what He would have us do, and wo hypocritically say we wish to serve Him, and still are proud, high- minded, and envious. A few more years, nay, percliaiice a few more months or weeks and we shall bo passing away from life's busy scenes, and then, when the shades of death press around us, and we go down -with 'unwilling stops to tho brink of that icy cold river, and the awful moment comes when wo must plunge into its stream and cross it's troubled waters ; hypocrisy will then avail us nothing, for our naked spirits will appear before God. Who is ready? Who is so pure and holy that he is ready to meet His God, and willing to be judged?. We have all grievously sinned, bnt there is one garment that caii clothe our naked spirits when tlicy leave their earthly tenements, and all who sincerely wish for it can have it, it is the wedding garment provided by our Blessed Saviour. Yes,, we may be clothed with the righteousness of Jesus, anil that alone cau clothe us on that dreadful day. Then let us go to Him now, and in faith plunge into " tho fountain opened for sin and unclean- ness," where we may wash away all our stains, and lie cleansed from all our pollutions, and having been washed in Jesu's blood, He will be our friend, and Ho will give unto us tho Comforter, "oven -the Spirit -of Truth" to lead and guide us,: and He will dwell in us and we shall delight in doing good, knowing that our Saviour is willing to look upon the little wo can do here to alleviate' tho distress of others as if it were done to Himself. Would we not minister unto Jesus?, Yes, that we would ; but as Ho needs not our ministrations, let us do what wo can ; let us live near to Him, and do not let us be afraid to follow where ,the Spirit would lead. "Let us cast away the works of darkness" and put away froinus tho frivolities of this life, and be Christians indeed, striving continually to be Clirist-like, and then, when death shall come, Ho will be a messenger of peace, and we shall have 110 need to fear the plunge we must take into the boundary stream ; for it will not be so very cold, ; as Jesus will take off' the eliill, and will make its troubled waters peaceful and calm, and will receive our spirits into. His haven \- . . E.M. 