AN ENGLISH PILGRIMAGE TO CANTERBURY. THE pilgrimage of about 300 ladies and gentlemen to the scene of Thomas a' Beeket's murder in the Cathedral of Canterbury—and of which the following is an outline—has given rite to considerable comment in the public preu:— The day ■elected wu the 7th of July, the F«ut of the Translation of the Belies of the Martyr, and the excursion was organised by the Catholic Young Men's Society in London. Arrived by special train from Victoria Station, Pimlico, the company proceeded to the Corn Exchange in Canterbury, where a cold collation awaited them. The company, says an eye witness, was numerous, varied in its composi tion, and persistent in it* determination to be pleased. There was a considerable number of Catholic ecclesiastics—Father Christie appearing to combine the functions of commanding officer, adjutant, master of the ceremonies, guide, phi losopher, and friend. There were a peer of the' realm, and a number of titled and decorated foreign gentlemen. There was a host of well dressed, comely folks belonging to twenty differ ent grades perchance in the social scale, but in the enjoyment here of that best Liberty, Equa lity, and Fraternity, which springs from a com mon resolve—the resolve to make the very most of a summer holiday. The ladies were in great force, both as regards numbers, and general hilarity ; and so irrideseently radiant were their toilets, that I should not be in the least sur prised to hear of myriads of Kentish butterflies being that morning driven, through sheer de spair of rivalling the ladies in the train in bril liance, to the commission of suicide. Carefully, patiently, and devoutly did the pil grims subsequently explore all the well-known stations in the death history of Thomas a'Becket —the passage from the archiepiscopsl palace, the west alley of the cloister, the north and eastern corridor*, the northern part of the western transept, the quondam altar of the Chapel of St. Benedict, the place of the mortuary pillar, and the spot of the martyrdom itself. And, as the doleful tale is recited by volunteer and well-instructed guides, the whole scene of one of the most dramatic and one of the most distressing chapters in English history rise* up, complete, substantial, vivid, as though it were an occurrence of yesterday. The precise piece of the pavement, not much bigger than the palm of one's hand, into which sank the blood of a'Beeket, has, as all know, long since been cut out, and found a resting place in the Church of St. Thomas of Canter* bury, at Borne. When the pilgrims came to this small square place very many of their number were observed to kneel and to kiss the revered spot. Others touched the place of the stone with their fingers, which they afterwards carried to their lips, while all devoutly crossed themselves. This act of devotion accomplished, the perambulation of the cathedral was con* tinned, and attentive scrutiny was bestowed on the old route of the pilgrim to the shrine—the staircase worn into gently, undulating waves of stone by the attrition of countless thousands of human knees. The pilgrims arrived safe home in the even* ing, the ghost of St. Thomas, adds a corres pondent, doubtless reflecting with complacency upon the many fair or fervent lips by which the place of his martrydom had been kissed that evensong.— London- Colonial. 