THE WHITE HORSEMAN; A GHOST STORY OF THE MURRAY. BY MIKE O'REILLY. (Written expressly for the "Kapunda Herald.") "Bad cess to ye, then, that couldn't pass me without a yarn, and ye tellin' me every day that I ought to be hanged for murderin' the Queen's English," said Police-trooper Timothy Corrigan, after he had been informer, that his turn for a story had come. "And what matther, but the divil a thing I have to teli, that ye all don't know. I'll sing yer a song it you like, but ye must forgive the yarn." Here all shouted for some story, and insisted that Tim should relate some of his past experiences, Tim meanwhile declaring that he knew of nothing to tell. "Give us some of the good old Irish ghost or fairy tales," said Big Smith. "Irishmen are generally well-stocked in ghost lore. Come, Corrigan, some yarn of an Irish ghost." "Look here, Charlie Smith," said Tim; "I don't care to be called a fool, or to be laughed at, or I'd rise the hair of yer head with an Australian ghost. What would you think of that ?" "Lor', Tim," said Smithy "don't startle a fellow like that. I'm not partial to ghosts myself, and I am persuaded there are such things. But if you have ever made the acquaintance of one I would like to hear it; for, though I would not wish to meet one, I like to hear about them." "Come, Corrigan," said Harmer, "whatever it is let us have it. You ought at least give us the story of it." "Did you see one yourself, Tim ? " said O'Connor, "or is it only hearsay ? " "I seen it myself," said Tim, "and am not the only one seen it, for there's dozens on the river who seen it, one time and another." "What river ? " broke in Smith ; "the Murray ?" "Yes," answered Tim, "the Murray. Just about six miles above Wentworth, near where one Wallis had a bit of a cattle station one time, and on the bank of the river." "Do, Tim, tell us all about it." said Smith, as Tim had stopped short, and was gazing gloomily into the fire." Tell us how you saw it, and what it was like, and where it went, ard all." "Well, then, I will," said Tim. "But I'm afeard that divel O'Rielly with his shorthand writing will be taking it down and putting it in the papers. I promised Tim faithfully to do no such thing, when he resumed, addressing him- self to Harmer,— "Well, then, Corporal, 'twas this way. 'Tis seven years ago come next May. 'Twas before I took to this troopering— hunting and shooting them black devils that's murthering shepherds and robbing huts in this parched, cursed north country. I was sawyering down on the Murray, for ye know I'm a sawyer by trade. Well, I was working away there with a chap named King, and a fine fellow he was. He could steer a boat, or hook a cod, or shoot, or ride with any one ever I see, and the finest cook I ever came across. 'Tisn't black damper and a bit of burnt mutton that's frizzled up like a sheaoak's bark he'd put before you, like Charlie Smith will, but pies, made of ducks, or some decent sort of Christianlike cookery anyhow. Well, poor devil, he got married after, and I never seen him since. But myself and Alf were there for a year, until I see the ghost, and I wouldn't stay there any longer. But how I seen the thing was this way. I used to go to Wentworth of a Saturday night, to see after letters, for we used often get orders from Town for timber, and especially from Port Adelaide, where I suppose it was used for shipbuild- ing some way; and when I went to Went- worth it was generally six or seven o'clock in the evening when I started from the sawpit, and it would be nearly always twelve or one by the time I got back to our hut. Now this night I met a man from the Port who detained me for some time later than usual, talking and bargain- ing over a lot of timber he wanted to buy. At last I settled with him and started on my way home The road was a lonely one, in fact little more than a cattle track, and, except when the teamsters came for a load of wood to the scrub, there was little or no traffic on it. It ran in an easterlv direction, and for more than half the way it was fenced on the right hand side, and except in one or two places the river was in sight almost all the way. I remember," said Tim, reflectively, "the night was not dark, but you couldn't see far, for the moon kept running into the clouds every minute, or so ; sometimes it would shine out for a minute, till you could see miles away, and you'd fancy the fences and trees and every thing were moving away from you, and then slap would come another big cloud, just as if he meant to settle the moon alto- gether ; but after a bit of a struggle the moon would come out again brighter than ever. "Well, I got on, trudging along, think- ing over the bargain I was after making, and wondering how Alf would like it, when—now, boys, mind you I was a chap that, though I heard a deal about ghosts at home and here, I always laughed at them. I never believed there was such a thing as a ghost, and treated them all as old women's yarns ; so don't believe I was thinking of anything of that kind ; and of all the times I ever went into the township I never drank less—I had only two nob- blers that night. Well, as I went along I thought I heard a sort of puffing, snorting sound, and I thought it must be a steamer coming down, so I was peering up the stream expecting to see her lights every minure, when I saw a man on horseback on a high cliff that hung almost over the river. At first, I thought it was someone who was riding along, so I walked on. And as I got closer the horse changed from a light chestnut to grey, and from grey to pure milkwhite ; and, stranger still, the man, or what seemed a man, was dressed in pure white—white hat, white shirt, and white trousers—and I didn t know what the deuce to think of it. I knew, too, that this Wallis used to 'do a- little of what we called 'duffing,' that is, picking up cattle by night, and turning 'em into beef next day ; so I thought at first it was some one of his men out on the quiet. 'But then,' I said to myself, 'sure no one would be fool enough to go in amongst a mob of wild cattle with white clothes on, at night.' So I looked closer, and I could plainly see the thing was looking away, not at the river, but at the scrub to the left of the track, and I began to feel for the first time a little bit queer, like. The horse stood as still as if he was carved out of stone, as quiet as the rock he stood on. I went on, however—and per- haps I forgot to tell you that just where this cliff was, a road ran down from the road I was on to the river, and ended in the cliff that this fellow stood on. Well, I thought I'd see if this was one of Wal- lis's fellows, so I shouted, — " Halloo, there! " and looked close to see if there was any movement of the horse or his rider—but no, not a stir ! "I shouted again, but got no answer, so I tramped along, and had not got a hundred yards, when I looked back and saw the horseman coming up the little road at a pace—not a trot, nor a walk, nor a canter, but a sort of a gliding pace—" "Ghost's amble," suggested Harper. "Aye, faith," said Tim ; "something that way, but I didn't care so much then. It was after I thought it over." "Well, he didn't come up the road be- hind me, but kept well away two or three hundred yards to the left. Yet, I thought it must be some of Willas's (sic) men, and that he didn't want to be spoken to. But I shouted again, 'Who goes there,' but no answer, and the spectre glided on, coming into the road about two hundred yards ahead of me, and in a very few minutes was out of sight. But when I reached within a mile of the hut, there again the white horseman stood right in the middle of the road, and as I approached he moved off and the last I saw of him he was standing in the road, in front of the hut of a Frenchman who lived a quarter of a mile irom (sic) us. I forgot to tell you, boys, this poor Frenchman had been for some lying dangerously ill. "When I reached the hut the first thing I asked Alf was how poor Lacore was. " 'I'm a'feered,' " said he, " 'he's goin' poor chap ; he's been gettin' worse. "I then told Alf about the white horse man. " 'Oh,' " he said " 'its one of Wallis's chaps. I'm going after my Nanto in the morning, and if he's up to any dodge down there I'll get his track, aud (sic) I calcu- late I'll run 'em up." "Yes, Alf could run 'em up, the keenest eye among Tatalpie's surest black trackers would fail, where my mate could track and follow up, even a wild turkey. "Well, the next morning at daylight poor Lacore's mate came down to tell us he had died the night before at 12.30 precisely, the time the white horseman was standing in front of the hut. "When Alf heard that Lacore had died, and after hearing my story of the horse- man, he asked Jim, Lacore's mate, if he had seen any one about on horseback, or heard any one pass by during the night. Jim said he had not, and neither had the women who were in the hut at the time. ''Well, as soon as poor Lacore was buried, we began to enquire for the white horseman to discover who it was, for Alf laughed at me when I said it might be a spirit. To satisfy himself and to convince me he started to bring in his horse, and track up the mysterious horseman. He found the track of his horse at once, and followed it up till he found the beast itself, and then set to work to hunt up the white horseman, but even on and around the cliff, where the ground was soft and boggy, no trace nor footmark was to be found. We enquired at Wallis's, and they assured us that no one from there was out that night, and further convinced us they had not a white horse on the station." "But where's the use talkin' about it, said Tim ; "it's often been seen since, and 'twas never seen but some one died soon afther. There's lots on the river can tell you as much and more about it nor I can. Anyhow, 'twas it made me lave the sawyerin', and be the mortial if ye gev me the whole of the river from Went- worth to Fort Bourke, I wouldn't walk after 12 at night from Wentworth to our ould sawpit, for I'd never live another hour if I was to meet the White Horse- man." 