NORTHERN TERRITORY THUNDER. The writer of a series of ably.prepared articles on Port Darwin, furnished to a Victorian paper, has contributed the fol lowing description of natural phenomena as observed in the Northorn Territory ;" This is tho region par excellence, of thun derstorms. Jove roars his loudest and shoots quivers''full' of mariy-ooloured arrows ot lightning. I enjoy the majestic roll, the far echoing deafening peal, and the quick condensed musketry-like sound of thunder, tho pale green, white, red, and blue flash and jagged streak of light 1 ning. The finest of these atmospheric 1 effects aro found by Alpine olimbers ; round tho Yiotorian coast where travel lers by sea have been afforded the treat of continuous lightning for hours play ing round the mast-head, performing a kind of weird dance with balls of St. Elmo's fire; and I have myself on one rare occasion in Victoria seon tho whole inky horizon in every quarter brilliantly lit up by a quivering network of chain i lightning. 1 thought that the beauty of tho lightning of that night was unforget able,' but, all has boen surpassed by the , electric exhibitions and the thunders of these northern skios. The magnificence of a thunderstorm at night here makes an ineffaceable impression, ( the sight dwells in memory, and is, if I may so, framed andjcarefully stored in a chamber of tho bram to bo viewed on many a suture day. Tho rain descends in torrents; Jupiter Pluvias and Neptune are in their angriest mood-apparent by the sea on the beach foaming and deafen ing us with hisses at tho terrible deluge vexing it. The long bright flashes show the hills on tho othor side of the bay in a strange unearthly blue light, and even through the darkness we can seo the phosphorescent whiteness colouring the waves, so many ghosts of tumbling snowy water, seemingly silent as ghosts, for the thunder drowned their noiso. It is in a criticism on Hugo's ' By order of the King' that Swinburne depicts in most euphonious words a night storm at sea, when tho infuriated waters shriek and complain to tho raging heaven. Tho language of tho poet-critic is wanted to do justice to tho sights and sounds of a midnight thunderstorm at Port Darwin." 