LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE CHURCH OF ST. PAUL, MURRURUNDI. (From an occasional Murrurundi correspondent ) Thursday, the 24th of April, was a day of great rejoicing amongst the members of the Church of England resident in Murrurundi and in the surround- ing districts. The day for laying the corner stone of the new church had long been looked forward to with ever increasing interest, and when the time for laying the stone arrived a large and interested con- gregation flocked within the partially raised walls of the new building. At three o'clock, the clergy moved in procession from the parsonage, and occupied the eastern portion of the new church. The service com- menced with the Litany, which was said by the Rev. W. Lewis, the clergyman of the parish. Then fol- lowed the hymn " Christ is our Corner Stone ' which was well and effectively sung by the choir and congregation. Then followed the suffrages, said by the Rev. John Shaw of St. Luke's, Scone :- "v. Our help is in the name of the Lord Who made heaven and earth v. O Lord, hear our prayer: R. And let our cry come unto Thee v. The name of the Lord be praised: R. From this time forth for evermore Alleluia ' And ' Quam dilecta tabernacula "-Psalm Ixxxiv. After this the Rev. James Blackwood of All Saints, Singleton said the Lesser Litany, the Lord's Prayer, and this Collect: -" O Almighty Lord God, Whom the heavens and earth cannot contain, yet who dis- dainest not to dwell with Thy Church here on earth ; mercifully grant that all evil may depart from this place whereon we are about to lay the foundation of a house to the honor and praise of Thy most holy Name, through Jesus Christ our Lord, whoever liveth and reigneth with Thee in the unity of the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end-Amen " The Rev. W. S. Wilson of Merriwa and Cassilis then laying his hand on the foundation stone, said \- "O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the Living God, Who art the brightness of the Father's glory, and the ex- press image of His person ; the chief corner stone hewn from the mountain without hands, the im- mutable foundation, strengthen this stone about to be laid in Thy Name, and Thou, Who art the begin- ning and the end, by Whom in the beginning God created all things, be, we beseech Thee, the begin- ning, the increase, and the consummation of this our work, which is undertaken to the glory of Thy Name, Who with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen. Almighty and everlasting God, mercifully be pleased to bless this stone, which we are about to place for a foundation in the Name and strength of Him who is the tried and precious stone and grant that all they who to the furtherance of this work shall have faithfully offered to Thee of their substance, may ever be preserved, both in body and soul, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. " Then followed some appropriate versicles, which with the psalm Nisi Dominus (cxxvii ) were said by the Rev J. J. Nash, the late incumbent of the parish The Rev W Lewis then addressed the congrega- tion, and read the following record engrossed on parchment -"To the glory of God, and in honour of the Apostle Saint Paul. The foundation stone of this church was laid by the Rev. James Blackwood, B. A., Incumbent of All Saints, Singleton, on the 24th day of April, 1873, the Right Rev. William Tyrrell, D. D., being Lord Bishop of the Diocese " This was signed by -Clergy William Lewis, Clergyman in sole charge of S. Paul's, Murrurundi, John Shaw, S. Luke's, Scone, William S. Wilson, Cassilis and Merriwa, John Nosh, M. A. Building Committee Frederick R. White, J. P. Luke, E. A. Nardin, P. W. Wright, J. Pockley. Churchwardens: J. P. Luke, Henry Wheeler, E. A. Nardin. James Sherwood, contractor. This record, together with a copy of the Prayer Book, the current number of the Parish Magazine, the order of the service, and a few coins of the realm of recent date, were deposited in a cavity under the stone. The Rev. James Blackwood then laid the stone, saying -' In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, Amen. - Priest:-Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain, this place is set apart to prayer and to the praise of the most Holy Name of the same our Lord Jesus Christ Who ever liveth, with the Father, and the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end -Amen " The hymn, " Oh Lord of Hosts, whose Glory Fills," having been sung, the Rev John Shaw delivered an earnest address, which was listened to with profound attention. The speaker alluded to the ritual of the temple services and showed by clear and unanswer- able arguments how accessories in religion tended to elevate the soul in the worship of God. He spoke of the pride of the people of Venice in their Church, and how when they travelled they brought back with them from different quarters of the world gold, silver, silk,and precious stones to beautify the place of God's sanctuary He declared self-sacrifice to be the basis of all real religion, and reminded the con- gregation how much would require to be done before the Church could be completed. While the offerings of the congregation, which amounted to £28 2s 8d , were being collected, the beautiful hymn, " O, Paradise, O Paradise," was sung with much earnestness and feeling. Then fol- lowed the benediction, and the congregation dis. persed, greatly delighted that the work had been commenced under such happy auspices. The day was delightfully fine and not too warm for an open air service. 