MY LODGER'S 'WIFE. (FROM CHAMBBHS'B JODB1TAI.) The alarm from Fenian outbreaks is too recent to require any description here, even if I were capable of writing one ; bnt as a plain widow woman — which I am — I have no pretension to write history. I only know that down at Weymouth, as well as everywhere eke, we were always startled by some fresh lepuib uiniiitb uic xxiiuua Jittu uuiic, or were going to do, generally the latter ; this was common to all places, but we had special interest in them at Wey mouth, 'because most of the men, when convicted, were sent to Portland, and we sometimes caught a sight of them on the platform of our station, when they were changed to the little branch-line. I sup pose everybody who reads these words knows that Portland island is only two or three miles from our town, and that there are nearly two thousand convicts there. They have built the breakwater, and built a regular castle on the island, and bo have done a great deal of work there, if they never did any before they came. Now and then one escapes, but he is nearly always taken directly, or gets drowned in trying to swim off to some boat My husband, who was a master fisherman, saw one drowned. Although he was a convict, my husband tried to save him, but he went down like a stone, not twenty yards from his skiff. My husband was very much upset by it, for, instead of being a forbidding-looking ruffian, like Bill Sykes in ' Oliver Twist,' he was a mild-looking, fair-haired young fallow, who didn't seem above one or two and ? twenty. However, my poor husband 'was drowned himself not very long after this ; and I have lived ever since on' a very little income he left me, and by Jetting furnished apartments in the season. . — i^K. in tne winter Weymouth is very dull, H- and I, living alone, would almost have H^ been glad to. accommodate any one for ^K nothing,- in order to have company in the ^B house ; so I was' very pleased to have a Hf chance of letting my first-floor rooms to H[ a very '''respectable young man, who B wanted .them at a reduced rate. I had 9 been, with many others, to the station, m to see a- batch of Fenians change for ? Portland, but we were obliged to come ? back unsatisfied, because the railway m companies would not allow any strangers B in; this- was the more annoying, as we ? all wanted to see a Colonel La Troulle, a K Fenian from New Orleans, who had m fought desperately when taken, and he K had been terribly hurt about the head, ft and rendered senseless, before he would ? surrender. As it happened, we were not ? able to see him ; so we all went back as ? we came. B I had been at home about ten minutes, ? and was warming my cocoa for my sup ? per, when I heard a knock at the etreet ? door, and on. opening' it, I saw a very ? good- looking yonng fellow — very slight, ? *ery dark, with a black moustache, and wwjgemer a toreign air. He spoke English, however, and said he had been advised to apply to me for cheap apart ments; that he was not very rich ; he had come to Weymonth believing he should have an appointment in one of the hotels— he looked as if he would have made a capital waiter— bnt was disappointed for the present He wished to remain in town, to be in readiness,1 and so applied to me. I Was glad ie had done so, and offered Mm -my zooms cheap ; he agreed to take ftem, and Bent for his boxes to the station at once; jie had a great deal of luggage, more than most young men possess. I never had a quieter, gentler lodger in my life than he was ; no trouble, no noise, never out of an evening by any chance ; and his manner was always so soft and quiet, that, as I nsed to tell him, it was more like having a girl in the house, than a man. He would laugh at this, and say the same had often been remarked before. At first, he seemed to make no inquiries after any situation, or to visit his friends at all ; but after he had been with me about a fortnight,- he went out nearly every day, and all day long. I was glad to see that he did so, for really he mewed himself up in his room so constantly, that I began to fear he would injure his health. What puzzled me not a little, was the finding that he spent a great part of his time on the island — not that Portland is really an island, only everybody calls it so. In the winter-time, there cannot be a more dreary place in the world than Portland ; the storms seem to rage there oftener and fiercer than they do any where else ; the, roads are bad, the houses are small and mean, and except for the wild romantic sea-view which lies all around you, and the awful Kace of Port land, which no vessels can cross, there is. nothing to be seen. My niece paid me a visit about this time, and nothing would do but that I must go with her over the island : I did bo, and to my -surprise, I saw Mr. Lewis, for such was my lodger's name, leaning against one of the huge blocks of stone which lie about x7.._ __.._!.... *.«.£ nainnrr en t.nniinrllfcfiVllW LUC UUtUllCOj auu (£»*''*& 'v m»v»-^»» «».»u* j out to sea, that he never noticed us driv ing by. Then my niece's husband came to fetch her home, and as he had never been to Weymouth before, he, too, must see the island, and I must go with him and his wife. So a second time I went, and a second time, to my great surprise, I saw Mr. Lewis. To-day, he was talk ing to a tall man in plain clothes, who had juBt the look of a warder out of his uniform ; they were in the middle of the road, so Mr. Lewis might have been ask ing his way ; but I was confident, from their eager hurried manner, that he was not Yet, when he recognised me, he raised his cap, and the warder — I am sure it was a warder — pointed along a path, as though he was giving Borne direction, and then we lost sight of them; but I did not forget the incident A few nights after this, I was sur prised, on answering a knock at the door, to find some one inquiring for Mr. Lewis, for he had never had a visitor before. The stranger gave the name of Brown, and was at once invited up-stairs. After a visit of about half-an-hour-he left; and then my lodger, who had seemed, I fancied, to avoid me of late, came into my little kitchen, and began, in the chatty manner which had made him so pleasant, to talk about the gentle man who had just left He said he was connected with one of the chief hotels, and had called to speak about an ap pointment Now, I had lived in Wey mouth maid, wife, and widow for thirty two years, and knew by sight every gentleman connected with every hotel there, and this -was none of them. And if my judgment was worth anything, this man was a warder from Portland, and, what was more, was the very warder I had seen Mr. Lewis speaking with on the island. I was quite sure of this, and knew, therefore, that for some pur pose my lodger was deceiving me ; but I reflected that every family has its secrets, so supposed he had his reasons for trying to mislead me. Just now a complete change took place iu my lodger's habits, for whereas he had previously been the most retiring of creatures, keeping himself so totally within doors that scarcely a soul in the street knew him, he now seemed to be never tired of hanging about the front door. He cleaned my windows twice as, often as I had ever cleaned them ; he naMtaii mn elmf-tarO ? llf» TlfllTlfod TT1TT flower-boxes, and was frequently trim ming the flowers in them ; while he actually went two or three times to the White lion, the public-house at the corner of our street, and drank his ale at the bar, instead of allowing the potman -to bring it for him, as had hitherto been the case. I took the liberty of saying — for I was quite old enough to be his mother — that I hoped this last would not grow into a habit which might lead to harm, when, to my surprise, he burst out crying, and cried so bitterly, that I thought he would go into hysterics. I tried to sootte him, and took his hand in mine — he had a soft and delicate hand too ; but he rose, and mastering himself by a great effort, went up to his room. In the morning, he apologised for disturbing me by his absurd ways ; he had had bad' news from home, he said. Of course, I told him not to think any more of such a trifle ; but in my own mind I wondered- where he got the letters from, which had so upset him, as I was quite certain the postman had not been near my house all day. AU this time, I had heard no more of the situa tion he expected ; but scon after, the same stranger called again — Mr. Brown, I mean. He called very late one night, and went straight up to Lewis's room, came down in a very flhort time, and left without a word, as before. As I had admitted him, I had a fair chance of confirming my opinion ; he was a warder, I was sure. He was a tall, big-bearded, big-whiskered, and monstached man/who stood very square when he .spoke io_you, as a -soldier does ; weather-browned, as all the Portland warders are,* and with a certain quick, watchful look of the eye, which they all acquire very soon. The next morning brought a heavy fall of rain, with gusts of wind from the sea ; and on taking up Mr. Lewis's breakfast, I noticed that he looked en cited, if not wild, and I feared he had taken cold. I told him so, bnt he said, ' No. The fact is, Mrs. Gerran, I must now tell you a little secret : I am mamea, ana ± expect my wiie oDmrawn to-day.' ' indeed 1' I exclaimed, for I had never dreamed of such a thing. 'Yes,' he went on, 'she Is -coming this evening, and I am a little worried to think what an unpleasant ride she will ?have.' ' ? -. ?? ? ? .??-??? :?'.. ??? ffBhe cer&inly; will, : poor' 'thing,'? I said: 'but I will do roy best to make her comfortable, Mr. Lewis.' ' , ; 'linow you will,' he-replied: '1 thank you heartily, Mrs. Cferran. We rely bnyouTvky,lnuch.'. '' ' ,-' :; ? ? « I left Mm Ms breakfaBt, and went down stairs, considerably astonished iy what I had 'heard. '.23ie weather grew worse during the day, and jby night it was little short of a tempest. I often thought of the poor young woman who was coming all the way from London on such a night ; and what made it worse was, that I could not offer to go and meet her, for, strange to say, Mr. Lewis did not know by what train she would come, or whether she would travel by the Great Western or the South-Westera line. It blew harder and harder : the furious blasts of wind swept through our little street, and drove the rain before it, so as almost to blind you, if you tried to face it There was not a gas-light which was not blown out, and I need not say the sky was pitch dark. On such nights, I always sit and think of my poor husband, and of the many others who earn their living on the dreadful sea ; and I can hear nothing, attend to nothing, but the howling of the storm. So it was no wonder that the potman knocked two or three times when he bronght Mr. Lewis's beer, before I heard *''' ; and when I opened the door, it was almost blown out of my hand by the force of the wind. 'It is a terrible night, 'Robert,' I said, for he was a very civil young man, and had been at the White Lion for years. ' It is, indeed, ma'am,' he said ; ' there's a sea on to-night that's a-fiying over the Qhesil Bank like yeast They've been firing artillery on the island ; but, except now and then in a lull, you couldn't hear the guns.' ? ' Firing !' I said ; ' firing ! What is that for, Bobert !' ' More convicts is off ma'am,' was his answer; 'and I hear there is some fellow of consequence among 'em. Poor chap 1 He's sure to be caught such a_ night as this, if he hasn't tumbled over the face of a cliff already.' I bade him good-night, and closed the door, still sadder in my mind than I had previously been. It always made me sorrowful when I heard of the poor con victs trying to escape. Whatever then faults may have been, liberty is sweet to all of us, and very few of them ever suc ceeded in getting away — hardly any, al though many a one had lost his life in trying. I took the beer up to Mr. Lewis's room, and tapping at his door, said, as I generally did : ' Here is your beer, Mr. Lewis ;' and, as usual, the door was opened, and he took it from me. Instead of having his lamp burning, as was his custom, his room was in com plete darkness, so that I could hardly see him, to give him the jug, and in the gloom he seemed to look stouter and taller than usual He did not speak, whereas he generally had a little joke ; but now he took the jug in silence. I lingered for a moment ; but finding that he did not speak, I was going down stairs, when I thought of his wife. Mr. Lewis had almost closed the door, when I said how anxious I felt about her getting safely in through the storm, when, to my amazement, he replied, witnout opening we -aoov more man a few inches :— ' I am much obliged for your kindness, Mrs. Gerran, but my wife has been in for this hour past.' I never was so astonished in my life. I had made two or three little preparations to comfort her, and felt hurt that I should not have been informed of her arrival 'Yes,' he continued, 'she came wlien the wind was roaring so loudly, that you did not hear her knock. I let her in, and aa she was tired and wet, I thought the best thing she could do was to lie down at once.' Well, perhaps, it was ; but I could not help fancying that, for all that, they might have treated me with a little more consideration. However, I could say nothing ; and bo I went to bed, and as soon as the storm would allow, to sleep. The first thing I heard in the morn-, ing, from my wiillrmBn, was that only one of the convicts had tried to escape, and that for the present he was still at large. It was rumoured in the town that it was Colonel La Troulle who had got away, nut the government people would not say much about it ; the whole place was astir, lie said. AU day long I heard the same kind of tidings repeated ; and, in fact, I saw enough to convince me that extraordinary exertions were being made to capture the runaway. The White Lion was searched by a party, of officers, and so was a house in the same street as my own, where a number of young-men lodgers were taken. ' I heard, too, that the railways were watched, not only at . our station, but that the trains were examined at places twenty or thirty miles out, in case the convict should have got in at some little station. It was supposed, however, that although these precautions were taken, he was still in the island, as, from his wearing the prison dress, it would be so difficult for him to escape notice. I did not see Mr. Lewis all day, cor his wife ; but, just at twilight, I was startled by the latter coming quietly into my little kitchen, and asking me for the milk. She was a pretty-looking young woman, wearing her hair in short curls - it was fair hair, and she was fair too, quiet, and shy in her manner, speaking in a voice so low that ~I~ could scarcely hear her. She explained that her husband had, unfortunately taken a severe cold, and would be obliged to keep his bed for a day or jSO. Of course, I 'offered any assistance in my power. She thanked me, and wentiup stairs. When she had gone, I could, do nothing for the life of me, for many minutes, but sit and think of her ; there was an unaccountable feeling, quite a cer tainty, it seemed; of having known her before, although when or where I could not eay. So Btrong and strange was tjhis impression, that jit was ^almost terrible to me, and, as I said, I could 'think .of no thing else for a.lftrig time. However, I shook the feeling off -at last, and went about mv wnrk. seeirw no more of mv lodger or Ms wife that night ? Egbert at the, Whlte^Iiion told me, when he brought iW supper beW,ttliat, although it wasiushed pp as much' as -possible, yet it certainly was the Fenian who had escaped, And that it was one. of the most desperate and ingenious escapes .ever heard .of. .... 'Not, ma'am,', he said,, 'as I believe in any of your ingenious escapes. I don't believe in a man doing with a rusty, hall, or two prongs dfj a dinner fork, or jsome such thing, in four or five hours, what it would take a couple of smiths all day to xlo with' & '' basket; of took. Its the warders, ma'am, And 'they make these- excuses ; that's what it;is, ma'am.' This was the opinion of Bobert at the Wliite Lion, and I must own 'that Xjhad^ joq rfiimilar-^occasioiis-.-hejBi&inaxiy; people in Weymonth 'express themselves to file same effect ??-:'????- : ? ? ?'- .-?..???'? ?. Once pr twice the nest day IeawMrs. Lewis, and each time the impression that I had previously met her, grew stronger ; I fancied, however, that my looking straight at her to try and remember when it could have been, disturbed her, so I avoided doing so as much as pos sible, but for the life of me I oould not help doing it sometimes. On the fol lowing morning, I had to go out for an hour or two, and when I came back, I found my windows cleaned, the mould in the flower-boxes turned over, and various little things done, which told me that Lewis had been at work again, as, indeed, I found was the case. He had, unfortunately been taken very unwell just before I came home, but previously he had .been busy as usual in the front of the house. As all attempts to re-capture the convict had failed, and so there was no longer, I suppose, a hope of getting it quiet, that night great bills were stuck up about the town, offering five hundred pounds reward for the apprehension of the Fenian colonel — for it was he, after all — and one of these bills was stuck up on an empty house just opposite to my own door. I naturally got talking about this with Mrs. Lewis ; at least, I talked, and she listened, for she said hardly a word ; and at last, when I struck a light to find something she wanted, I found she was crying. I told her I was afraid she was weak and low, that her long journey and her husband's illness had up set her, and asked her to let me make her some port-wine negus the last thing that night She thanked me, tut de clined ; and when she went awsy, the remembrance of her face, with tfc tears on—her cheeks, seemed ,ten times more familiar than ever. I determined x- ask Mr. Lewis, when I saw him, if his wife had ever lived in Weymouth, bit it seemed as though I never -shonll see him again. However, I did see him that evening. I had been up-stairs for some time, and as I was looking over the coitents of an old drawer, I was very quiet and my lodgers thought I was out ; but pre sently I came down, and met lewis ascending, carrying a light I web in the dark. ' Good evening, Mr. Lewis,' I 6ad ; 'I hope you are better.' He looked up and said, ' Yes j mtch better, thank you.' He passed on, and left me almcst petrified. It zoos not the same nuu. There was the same dark skin, moustacht, hair, and whiskers ; the same clothes but this man, although short, was tallei than my lodger, decidedly stouter, and had altogether a harder, sterner expres eion. There was no possible mistake. His voice, too, was wholly different ; and I staggered, rather than walked into mv kitchen, feeling as though I had seen a ghost I had not strength to procure a light ; but in a few minutes Mis. Lewis — sent down, as I found, by her husband — came in with one. Seeing me sitting, I so pale and scared, in my chair, she said : ' Are you ill, Mrs. Gerran ? My hus band fears you are.' As if a flash of lightning had suddenly penetrated all the dark places of my mind, I saw, as she spoke, the meaning of all that had been mysterious, and by her face I saw she knew her secret was revealed. She was my lodger ; she was the Mr. Lewis I had known. Altered and changed in every respect as she was, I knew her now. She locked her hands together, and twisted her fingers with a nervous, frightened air, and looked anxiously at me. 'Who— who are you?' I asked. ' Why are yon dressed lite this ? Who is the wan ? ' ' O Mrs. Gerran !' she . cried, throw ing, herself down at my knees, before I could move to stay her, -: forgive my de **aiTTin(T vnn anil ctnll VmO mv Annn^ ? Via my husband's friend. If you are not kind and true to us, we are lost We have no home but this — eo friend but you. It will soon, I trust be different.; but at this moment my poor husband is a fugitive, an outlaw, a convict, and a price is set upon his head.' ' A price upon his head !' I echoed. ' Is he, then ? ' 'Yes,', she said, interrupting me, .although, she was sobbing as if her heart would break — ^'yes, my husband is Colonel La Troulle, the Fenian. We are Americans, and we are only waiting for the pursuit to cool, when we shall cross to France, and can then easily re gain our home — never more, I trust, to leave it.' ' Rise up, my poor dear girl,' I said, lifting her on to a chair; 'and believe me that no money would tempt me to be trayyour husband ; for your sake, at any rate, I will be true to you both. I hope for your sake, too, that he will leave his dreadful and desperate schemes.' 'O Mrs. Gerran,' she answered, 'do not think him a bloodthirsty man ; there never breathed a gentler or kinder being. He. was sadly deceived in the business which brought him here ; but pray, come and see him, that he may know he is safe under your roof.' ? —I ; -went with her; and found this desperate Fenian1 quite: a mild, gentle manly person. He was full of gratitude to me; and although his close cut hair,. now he sat without his wig, and liid '/Inrlr fann muilA -him ' 1nr»V atnt-n enough, yet his eyes swain with genuine tears over and over again,' when he spoke of his wife and her devotion to him. Of course, every one can now see how it was managed. When he was sent to Portland, his wife came down, dressed as a man, and, while lodging with me, took -care .ta. familiarise the .neighbours with the fact that. I had a yonng man lodger. One of the warders had already been .gained over — so Bobert at the White Lion was not fax wrong in his guess — and he it was with whom I had seen the supposed Mr. Lewis talking, and -who came to my house twice. On his second 'visit, he came to say that all was arranged, anfci that her husband would get away .soon after dark the next night - It was, fortunately for the scheme, a very stormy one ; so La Troulle got past the station, jinrl followed the CheaiL Hank until Vip thought it safe to strike the line, and then got. over the railway bridge without being recognised. He . had a large rail way rug over his shoulders, .which hid his .convict dress ; and die only really dangerous part of his journey was through the streets to reach my house ; but Che dreadful storm cleared away all passen gers, and he entered pur street without having met. half-a-dozen people. His wife 'was watching from the window, and seeing him, slipped down and opened the street-door without my knowing any thing about it. Then they removed the stains from her face, hands, and neck, with washes which had been brought with her, and he wore a wig, made to resemble her Bhort curls. Poor young thing ! She showed me such beautiful locks which she had cut off, to enable her to look more like a man : They must have been nearly a yard long, I am sure. They thought no place so safe as Wey mouth, and they were right, for the officers were hunting all over London, and Ireland, and Liverpool, and good ness knows where besides. La Troulle showed himself a little, bnt not too much, and nobody ever suspected the change in my lodgers. In about a fortnight, he got quietly on board a fruit-sloop which and his wife wrote to me when they got there, and also when they arrived at New Orleans. I don't know who the warder was, nor what he received for his services ; but I heard, shortly after, from Bobert at the White Lion, that one of them had left Portland to go and take a very handsome public-house in London ; so I had my suspicions. I know that if I wanted money, which I am happy to say, thanks to my poor dear husband, I do not, I should only have to tell Mrs. La Troulle, or go to the great house in Liver pool, of which they gave me the card, and I could have all I wanted. She would make me accept her gold watch and chain ; and I have worn it, and shall continue to do so, in memory of her. 