?'? ..MlSORr-iTiANEOUS. I ' ' Latb Inventiok8 &o.; — In the economy of: .'trade anil' manufactures, thoro is nothing more r interesting than tho prevention of wastn, or the 'discovery . of a way l-y which wasto materials i ' nwy be turned to profitable uses. A remark- j able ease in point has recently occurred. In tho , '.miuuifiicturo of tho beautiful blue and violot ' clycis tliiitniakb Bilken textures, and tho woarora ; 'tHe'roof loolcso beautiful, thoro has always boon ' - 'produced ale rgb quantity of a dark- coloured suliBlanco, known among chemists as: ' Hof- r iiiimu's gum.'. In Home 'aniline dye-works,' tho '.''accumulation of this refuso amounts to hundreds ^ of ,t()ns, and ,)ms long been a hideous burden. ''But recently, Mr. J. Spiller, V member of tho .'.O.iemical .Sooioty, has discovered that by the .process which chemists describe as ' destructive ' .? distillation!' blue and violet dyes quito as good '?''? as thoao extracted in the first instance, can bo '' got out of- this waste gum ; and ao.asif by an agio/ tho hideous heaps now lying in the out ?'?akirts of many chemical works in this. country ' and on tho Continent beconio ? valuable ns gold ' rnhics, and enterprising chemists reap the ro ?w.ard.'. ? A paper by Mr. Spiller, giving an ac , count; of his proccssj-road at a mooting of the Iluyiil Society, has been published in their '.' Proceedings. ' — Anothor instance is reported vj. ..from Cornwall. Tho. drainage of certain mines ' . there ia discharged from a great adit, and flows into tho soa. A few enterprising individuals ' rented a piece of waste land at the outfall, dug ; -a' few catch-pits,' into which the wator poured, ' .' imtl throw down asodiment, ere it finally escaped. This sediment is ochre, useful for paint and „ . liiuiiy othor purposes, and tho quantity'collectod .» in this -simple way in ono year was about two thousand tons, worth from eleven to twenty-live shillings a ton. These economisers, however, have let sonio of their prolit slip, for a keen contriver dug a pit to intorcopt thoir wasto water, ami in the same yonr^gofc tliroo hundred pounds' worth of ochre as the reward of his ingenuity. Ono more example comes to us from Southern Italy, whoro tho people squeeze oil from olives in common wooden prosses, and burn tho husks aj fuel. A Frenchman from Marseilles went among them, and bought the husks at twenty T, francs a ton ; shipped them to Franco, where, after treating them chemically, he squeezed them .-'?'. in a steam-press, and extracted therefrom twenty . percent, of oil. — Anew kind of gum has boon shown at a mooting of the Odontological Society ; it is of a dark amber colour, and in character is \--- something like guttapercha. When heated, it can with great ease be moulded into any re ' quired form, and on cooling, becomes tough and strong, with the further advantage that it does . not twist or warp, or decompose' on exposure to tho weather.* Another point in its favour is, .' that when pure, it resists tho action of hydro ? chloric acid. . From these particulars, it would appear that gutta-percha is likely to bo super sailed by this new gum for purposes of den tistry. — Some years ago, . Professor Roscoe, F.R.S., of Owens College, Manchester, dis coverod a metal to which the name of vanadium was jjivon, and described it in a paper published by the lioyal Suciaty. It is a preparation of loid, andean be produced in various forms by chemical treatmont. Oiv3 of theso forma is lx:inwn to chomistsas vanadium bronzo ; and Dr. Garland of Maccleslield, who has made m -ny ' experiments thereupon, and hopcB for further discoveries, says it is very probablo that this now substance *' will become a favourito bronze, valued even higher than gold.' — When iron is turned in a lathe, the speed of the. work -is often retarded by tho speed of the cutting-tool. To obviate this difficulty, a tool has been inven ted, and exhibited at Birmingham, which has holes drilled through it near its cutting edge, and through these holes a stream of water tlows, passes out under the shaving, and thus cools the topi. In the ordinary way, drops of water fall on the upper surface of the shaving, and. tho temperature of the tool is not lowered ; but with the new tool the coolness is so perfectly main tained, 'that heavy 'jobs' can be turned four times faster, and light ' jobs'' eight times faster than is now the practice.— Some months ago we gave a notice of Warsop's Auro-steain- engine, showing that by pumping hot. air into the boiler, the power of the engine was increased, the inside of the boiler was kept quite clean, and fuel was saved. These advantages had hue-ii satisfactorily proved in lixud engines on land, and in sea-going steamers ; and now a year's experience has demonstrated that the Warsop method can bo employed with equal advantage in locomotives on railways. Tho Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company have experimented during the past twelvemonths' with ono of their goods engines, and have found that tho inside of the' ljoiler does not become foul, that less fuol is burnt, and that the engine does its duty with a spirit and liveliness never shown before. These results are so satisfactory, that the company aro now fitting thu Warsop apparatus to six other engines, which is a recognition of its merits. Ax Astonishing Cat. — The Revenue Uemltl reports that Mr. Ford of- Echuca has a most extraordinary cat. On Friday, tho 20th ult., this cat gave birth to two line kittens; on the Monday following another kitten made its appearance ; on Wednesday, the 25th ult., the. little family circle was increased by an additional trio (extra fine ones) ; aiid on Saturday, the 28th ult., two more came to light, making in all eight kittens in us many days. ' Obtrusive Emus. — The omu is beginning to assert a right to his ' native heath' with an amount of force that proves how much he has bi!en boneBtted by civilization. An instance of \ tho energetic resistance which the bird attempts | to any further encroachments of humanity upon ?' its domain recently occurred (says tho ' Wau'ga AVagga Expross)' on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last, when he came upon a iloek of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him . when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his -approach, they awaited it quietly, mid when within a hundred yards of him one portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, Loaded by a very Goliath of an emu, — a patri archal bird who long had fed upon tho plain, '? and had grown ancient upon the ground which i his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by tho occasionalspoar of theblackfojlow. Mr. Robbing, who had never witnessed this idiosyncrasy upon j the part of tlio birds before, awailod their | approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When tho birds got within about oighty yards ! ho tired, and tho leader of the van paid tho j penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. Tho shot, however, \vas not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at inturvnls acrobatic feats similar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up tho enemy, and, when within roach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well directed lack in thu stoiimuh from the bird. He collapsed at about iivo yards' distance, whither the forco of the blow sent him. Ho promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of ' The Fool,' from the buck of the trap. ' The Fool' considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbing at this junc ???? ture appeared upon the scone, and tho othor emus, .seeing tho reinforcomont, closed up to fi»ht fortheir native soil and wounded companion T.io latter yielded up the ghost decorously after fti nppcnl ni'the shape of a second No. 1 Ca'rt ♦ ridge, and the tight waxed warm for some t-me j '»itor nun it un:ii four of their whilom comrades Btrowcd the plain that tho flook left it to the pos session of tho foe, 