The case of Mr, Stephen Scholey is one of con siderable importance. Ho claims to he re couped for ltis expenses in defending an action for libel brought against him by a-Mr. Eckford, whom, as warden of the Maitland .Road Trust, he had occasion to report to the Government for a grave irregularity. It is not necessary to discuss the question whether or not the Government of tho day gave to Mr. Scholey tiny distinct guarantee that, he should he held scatheless as against any action that might be taken against him for furnishing a report upon the alleged misappropriation of the council moneys. The point is simply this — aro the representatives of the various local bodies, which tlio decentralising influence of tnunici- palism is establishing in nil directions, to be supported, in tlio discharge of their public duties or not' Aro mayors of corporations and wardens of road trusts to connivu by " masterly inaction " at the malfeasance of their colleagues or subordinates 1 because that is what throwing Hie burden of defending them selves ngaiust libel actions upon their own shoulders really means. We caunot compre hend lnw Mr. Forster, who passes for an ultra- scrupulous purist, can reconcile to his own con victions the. course be has taken upon this matter, lie is reported to have said (we quote from the Empire): — "Tho grand principle laid down by the lion, mover of the motion was that a public' servant should not be allow ed to sulTcr through the performance of a public duty. But that public duty should bo imposed by necessity on the persons performing it ; it should not be a duty which a person may take' upon himself to perform whether lie is required to 'perform that duty or not. He should vote against the adoption of the report, because it seemed to him that the motion was to compensate Mr. Scholey for what was as sumed to be a loss in the performance of a public duty that was based upon a misunder standing of facts and upon false and dangerous principles." Now it is difficult to sec how it can ho maintained that Mr. Scholey stopped out of his legitimate sphere of action in doing what ho did do. In his evidence before the select committee appointed to enquire into tho ease, he stated that in October, 18GS, ho was led to suspect that the. funds placed at the dis- . posnl of tho Maitland Road Trust were not being expended legitimately. He mado care ful enquiries into the matter, and came to the conclusion that four road hnnds " never did any work upon tho road (the Cessnock. road) although their names were given in by Mr. Eckford, with vouchers of having paid them." Lot it bo remembered, that when the discovery was made by Mr. Scholey, he was occupying the position of warden of tho Maitland Road Trust. What was his manifest duty ? Was it not to take the necessary legal steps to prove the case cither for or against Mr. Eckford ! That is just what Air. Scholey did. At tlio desire of the council he wont to Sydney to lay tho wholo matter beiorc the Government. Before going lie took legal advice, and that advice was to bo vary careful about what he said. The result of this visit was that a very detailed memoran dum of tlio circumstances of the case, signed by Air. Scholey and three of his colleagues, came into the possession of tlio then Miuistcr for Lands (Air. Eorster). 'This memorandum was subsequently forwarded to Air. Eckford for bis observations thereupon. Well, the up shot was, that, so armed, Air. Eckford brought an action for slander against Air. Scholey. The case, which occupied some eleven days, was decided in the hitter's favour ; but as the expenses of tho defence amounted to about £1400, the result could, financially, hardly be deemed a success, especially when the fact that the wardensltip was an honorary appointment is taken into consideration. . The report of the select committee was that Air. Scholey had been actuated by a laudable desiro to expose a misappropriation of public money, and that the rpports upon which the action was founded hnd been furnished to the Government in the public interest. If the irregularity (call it mis appropriation or whatever one chooses) had not been so reported to the Government, how would the Minister of the Lands Department have ever discovered it. Tho Legislature by statute enacts that certain officials shall dis charge certain functions. How on earth is it to be expected that gentlemen will accept offices if the discharge of theirrespoctivefunctions brings with it such a calamity as Air. Scholey ex perienced! We would ask Arr. Forster — what was Air. Scltoley's proper course at the moment of finding a rottenness in the financial state of the Road Trust ? If it was a wrong course to hand in a report, why did Air. Forster permit him to take it! Thero was agravc disingenuous- ncss in Air. Forster' s conduct. His acceptance and use of the report was iter so a quasi guarantee to Air. Scholey against any loss that might re sult to him from handing it in. Nothing can be imagined more calculated to check energy in the heads of departments than the notion that Afinisters entertain the peculiar views of Air. Forster upon such points of practice. Wc hope that Air. Scholey will bo reimbursed; but at the same time expresss a wish that, for the futuro, the defence of similar actions may he conducted by the Government law officers, and not left to private (inns employed by the individual accused. Had the Government of the day defended Air. Scholey, the expenses would probably have never reached the monstrous figure they actually are said to have done. It was alleged in the recent debate ou this matter that the case arose out of political spite. Human nature is hitman nature all tho world over, hence it is quite possible that tho relations between Air. Scholey and Air. Eck ford wero not of the most amicable character. But still there is the stubborn fact notwith standing, that a jury— an eminently intelligent one too — came to the conclusion that Air. Scholey was perfectly justified in sending in his report about the malappropriation. The jury heard all tho surrounding circumstances of the case, heard tlio able arguments of tho complainant's counsel, but still determined that Air. Scltoley's conduct was such as became liitn as a man occupying a public position. Behind that verdict Parliament ought not to go. The Stato should not allow its servants to lie out of pocket by reason of faithful service. That Air. Se-lioley should bo reimbursed is without a doubt the equitable and the popular view of tho matter — despite the captiousiiess of Air. Foister, the thoughtlessness of Air. Garrett, and the nariow ideas of Air. Stewart. What a pity it is that Mossrs. Cobb and Co. do not rogard editors on thoir travels with tho same favour that tho Govornmont seems to have over shown to the gontleraon connected with the Western Press ! In reply to n ques tion of Air. Webb's, Air. Sutherland informed the Assembly tho other evoniug that — " Free passes for single journeys hod boon issued on application to gentiomen connoctod with the Western newspapers, iu accordance with a practice which has prevailed since the opening ol tho railway. Ho found that the JJalhurst Times, the Western Independent, and tlio Mudtjee Times had received these passes." Air. Wilton, late of the Bathurst Times, donios that tho stnfl of that journal wore over so favoured. However that tnay be, wo can safely say that thei-o is only ono thing which can equal the flagrantly wrong action of the Government in tlio matter, and that is the "cadging" meanness of tho gentlemen (?) who would stoop to avail thomsolves of the practice. Perhaps somebody in tlio Assembly will bo good onough to supplement Air. Webb's question by asking — Has a free rail way pass boen issued to the proprietor, editor, reporter, or agont of any of tho metropolitan papors ; if so, when, ifcc. ? ATti. Fousteh's rosusoitntion of the " Kiama ghost" story, and the all £111 forgotten clauses of tho Treason Polony Act, may perchance havo raised this query in a good many minds — bow much of our legislation do wo not owe to panic? Wore the statute-book analysed carofully by the light of history it would bo found that a vast percentage of measures owed their existence, not to deliberate con sideration, but to downright alarm. Especially has this been the caso with penal legislation ; and tho result is that extraordinary inequality iu tho sentoneos of judges which at times so perploxes the public mind. And to give the judges their due, tlio public aro tho most to blnmo. An epidemic of garotting breaks out — tbon, fear out of all proportion to the cir cumstances, distrust of the police, and a blind confidence iu donling out sentences of extrome rigour. Or a mania for splashing people with vitriol seizes upon scoundrcldom, nnd then a terriblo outcry and panic sentences. Now we do not object to long sontoncos for great crimes. By no means — but wo should like to seo a consolidated penal code in forco — ono that proscribed so vers punishment from an enlightoned consideration of the surroundings of tho crime it sought to nvengo, not 0110 that left to tho judge a discretion so wide that panic might tnako it unjustly severe, or too tender idiosyneracies inoxcusably lenient. That Mayoral picnic was a triumph of finesso ! Lot hope, however, that tlio corporation of Sydney may find a difference betweon Parkes en pic-nic and Parkes en portfolio. Tho old lady of Alacodoniti appealed from Philip drunk to Philip sober. Far be it from us even to insinunto that Mr. Alerriman's chatnpagno wns too potent, too seductivo; but ruslio pro vincialism, that ouly hears of tho gny doings of festive civic dignitaries, must bo oxcused if it indulges in the wish that tho Premier's blandnoss, bonhomie, and adroit playfulness with AJr. Alerriman's "pun-provoking" name, may have changed into brusquenoss and Catonian severity by the timo the metro politan corporation again ossay to "lift" a million or so from the Treasury. On such an occasion, may I10, forgetful of " the feast, the speech, the glee, tho crowning cup, tho throe times three," say to tho bearers of tho modest request for a grant in aid — say, in his most oraoulai', his most majestic manner — "Go to tho !" New Publio House.— Public-house accommoda tion appears to be on the increase in proximity to tho railway line from Goulburn to Yass. We notice that Mr. Edward nines lias lodged an ap plication for a license for his houso nt tlio Gap (which was formdrly licensed), UDder tho appella tion of'the "Travellers' Home." The OntEF Justice. — At Wngga Wagga it is intended to invito Sir Alfred Stephen to a banquet, and on tho following evening to a ball. A " strong " oommittco has bcon appointed to make all neeesBary 1 arrangements. 