Arrangements connected with the forthcoming race for the championship of Australia are progressing satisfac torily. The competitors are in excellent trim for going into hard training. Rush has taken up his quarters at Drewry's, Kissing Point, where he will be attended by Dick Green, whose services' have been secured after a considerable amount of negotiation, arising out of the ex-champion's unwillingness to neglect the patrons of ' The Old Champion Sculler,' the name by which his hostelry, Lower George rtroet, is nfiw known. Hickey has for his mentor the veteran Jemmy Condlish, and will do his work from Cunto'p, at' Hunter's Hill. The friends of both men are confident of a victory for their side ; and although betting is at present in favour of Hickey, we think that the younger man has a better show. He has everything in his favour except experience in wager iKiuiN, ami in acquiring hub ne wm nave we tuition oi ' Old Dick,' who has rowed more matches in tkis class of boat than any man npw pulling in Australia. £-50 a Ride has been staked, thetfalance of the stakes to be made good on the night before the race ; and it is still an open question whether the stakes originally proposed will not be doubled. It is not improbable that Rush, Hickey, and their trainers will contest the championship race at the An niversary Regatta. The programme has been published much later than usual ; indeed it seemed at one time as if the Anniversary Regatta was to be a thing of the past, remembered only as an annual event allowed to die out from want of spirit on the part of our boating men. They arc now far behind their Balmain friends, and if sonic change does not take place we riiall have no more Metropolitan regattas. Several times during the past year we heard it mooted that prelimin ary meetings 'were to be held to take steps to prevent such a result as this, yet1 all ended in talk, and everything has been left to the hist moment. However it is better late than never, and we hope to see a good day's sport. The follow ing excellent programme has been arranged : — ' First Race, sdi amateurs who have never won a prize at any public regatta, pulling a pair of sculls, in light skiflS. Second, all bona fide pulling dingies, not exceeding 15 feet over all, under canvas ; no fins nor centreboards allowed. Third, all bona-fide sailing skiffs, not exceeding 22 feet over all, with either fins or fixed centreboard. One minute per foot allow ance. Fourth, all yachts; handicap. Fifth, all yachts under ten tons ; handicap. Sixth, bona-fide amateurs (that is, those who do not gain their living by manual labour), pulling- four oars in gigs. Seventh, champion race in out riggers. Eighth, all boats the bona-fide property of fisher men, used entirely for fishing purposes; one minute per foot over all allowance. Ninth, all comers pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Tenth, all bona-fide ''whaleboate pulling five oars, to be manned by crews of vessels to which Loats belong, carrying usual tubs and gear. Eleventh, all l)ona-fc'de ships' gigs pulling four oars, to be manned by crews of vessels to which they belong.' Mr. DeJoittc has named his new centreboard yacht tV.c Ianthena. She had the misfortune to lose her mast, and has 6incebeen fitted with a new one, fitted differ ently to the one which carried away a fortnight ago. The alterations in the Mistral's spars, made this season by Com modore Dangar, do not seem to have injured her speed. Every time we see her out increases our surprise that the Xarifa ever had the ghost of a chance with her. It is a pity that she has now no rival, and we hope another season will not pass ere there is another craft or her class to try conclusions with. Rumeur says there will be. If there is we opine she will be designed in Sydney, and colonial fcuilt. 