Br MftttxMraab: Meg Brookes stood. At the door ot her cot. tage Tramming that sweet sentirtie»itot old Scotch air, '"Donald," and straining, her bright eyes to watch thepath that fed" to Carreratowh across the hills. Her. cottage was a very humble one, but neat ahdtrim as Meg herself. It lay in a soft dimple of the hills, with young gums springing thickly rpund it. Its rough slab walls were gay with honeysuckle and aolichos, which tjrept over the nark roof, and circled the rude clay chitaney. The liny, square, muslin-cir tained windowB, with their pots of musk and mignonette, were set in a perfect frame of greenery. Inside, a-great wood fire leaped and blazed on the wide hearth, reflecting itself a hundred times in the shining tin diBhes that hung on the Blielves,' and darting into the dark corners and across the little table with its white cloth set for tea. Meg, in her purple dress, making a bright spot of colour against the half-open do6r, saw the rain come sweeping up the valley before the keen autumn wind, and was turning in* doors with a little sigh, when a voice from out of the gathering dark said wearily, " Would you kindly let me rest here a bit, madam f' She turned with a little Start, and the firelight Btreamedpast her out oft a worn, travel-strained woman with tired eyes. "I want to reach that town," Baid the woman1, waving a thin hand towards Carvera town, whose lights twinkled dimly through the driving mist and rain, " to-night, and I can't without I rest a bit." "Surely," said Meg. "Come in and sit down by the fire. It's bitter cold outside." She gave another and a longer look at her unexpected guest as she spoke, and admired her handsome face with its long sad brown eves, patient mouth, and yellow hair with the rain drops glistening on it in the fire light. Then she busied herself lighting the little lamp and making tea. "I couldn't touch a thing," said the woman, as Meg offered her a cup of tea. " I'm too anxious like, thank you kindly all the same," and was silent again, with her great eyes, full of a mingled sadness and brightness of feverish joy, fixed on the cheer ful fire. " May be, you'll feel inclined against the time my old man comes home," said Meg kindly. " He's rather late to-night." "Your husband?" said the woman with a touch of interest; " ah, you're married. God bless you for your kindness to me "-Meg was removing the limp hat and draggled shawl-"and send you a happier married life than mine has been." "Thank you,"saidMeg, somewhat awed by the solemn tone of her guest. " Wasn't your husband a good one ?" " Good," said the woman, her expressive eyes full of sudden tears - " you couldn't show me a better, turn where you will." " Dead*?" hinted Meg. The woman ghook her head, and then, en couraged by Meg's sympathising but puzzled face, she told t her story. How she had been married veiy young; some seven years agone, and she and her husband had been as happy as the day is long for three swift-flying years.; " Any family ?" asked Meg. «'< "No, none;"andMeg, think&gof; herowa near hopes, felt an extra glow of pity for her forlorn guest. The woman told now she and her husband lived on a lonely little farm they had on the seashore a little way from Bris bane, and how she never felt it lonesome but on market-days, when her husband \fas away from her all day in the town-and how he had left her as usual, before dawn one hot December day, and as the afternoon wore on she took her work and went to sit in the cool shade of the rocks by the sea side in sight of the house; and some time after, as she busily knitted, she heard the crackling of fire, and devilish shouts and cries, and rising, startled, saw her dear little home in flames, the handiwork of the blacks, who were shouting and quarrelling fiercely over their plunder. How her first thought was for her husband, his danger if he should return before they had all gone; her second for herself' and her honour. How she dropped her work, and, remembering her husband's boat, found it made fast .to the rocks, and scrambling into . it pulled desperately in the hope, of leaking Brisbane before he left-in any case sending help after him. And as she. left. the.shore the gleam of her Scarlet knitting caught her eye and made her shudder, it looked so like blood. - . Meg, through her breathless interest, was dimly conscious of having heard all this before. Mow, tlie tide coming strongly in, she could make no headway, aild after cowing for what, seemed hours, till' the twilight began to gather in the sumnier sky, her strength suddenly deserted her, and half craze a. she 6ank down in the bottom of the boat; and all was blank, after that, till she found herself in a narrow bed, with > dim lamp swinging to and fro,' and the Sound of rushing water in her ears. And how, recollecting all, she screamed wildly for her husband, and was answered by a strange noise by her bed, telling her that. Bhe had been picked up in a boat far out to sea, and was on board a steamer bound for Sydney and Melbourne. And then she asked.to see the captain, and he coming, she told him her miserable story. And' how,, covering, his eyes with his hand, he told her gently' he knew the end. Tbatthe news had been in Brisbane befpre he left, for her husband's near neighbour and chief friend had seen the blacks begin their vile work, and had ridden into Brisbane for help; but that, before he got there, her husband had left for home, and when the helpers arrived, there was no sign but a blackening skeleton oh the smouldering ruins. And she was ill for many weary months, and was in the hospital in Melbourne, and getting better. She kept herself 'with her needle, and how, after all those years, as sbe was taking some work home one evening a fortnight ago, she had seen, in front of her, her husband's friend, the very manthjit had ridden out with help, and she had run after him and had touched.his arm, unfile to. speak. -And after the first shock of.sujprise, he had gone home with her, and there told herthatherhusband wasstill livyig, Thathe, going home that day, had found np trace of nis wife and home, save the skeleton and emus, and recognising the handi&ork;: as of the blacks, had thought her dead, ajad Casting, himself on the rocks in agony,, lay- there for hours with her piece of work, in hia hands; and how he was found said carefully rended by his friend. And then, tajcing a hatred to the place, he had sold it and come to Victoria to try his luck in mining, and was now in Carvers town; and how she fell on her knees in a delirious ecstasy of thank« fulness to God, and as soon as she could scrape a little money together had started to find him. " And you can guess, the auxioua joy I feel, she said, TenMmnghweypa fmna the fire, '' though I almpst dread thfe meeting. But what's the matter 7' she asked In sfrno alarm. . .'. . For Meg's JwfcW, was pale as any ghost. She knew now where she had heard nart of that story- when her own present husband of a short happy ?? 12 months had first come to Corverstown, \- three years ago, a miserable man with a sod story. Her pity for himhad swelled into love, and ended in marriage. But in his secret treasures at that very time, Meg knew there was a piece of unfinished scarlet knitting. " Wnat was your husband's name!" she managed to get out at last. "Donald Brookes," said her bewildered visitor. Meg tossed her hands passionately towards heaven, " What have I done, Lord, that this should come on me?" she cried in her sharp anguish, and felt blindly before her-" I will go to my mother,"-and she rushed out at the door into the pitiless blind ing rain and cutting wind. The woman jumped up and ran after her. Meg groped along the bleak hillside, her visitor following "her closely, and as they came in sight of a light glimmering a little way above them, Meg dropped like a stone among the bushes. The woman ran to her with a scream, and tried to raise her. Failing, she ran swiftly to that feeble light, and knocking hurriedly at the door, besought help of a comely elderly woman who opened it to her. " A woman ill ? Surely we'll help you," and die called to an invisible husband, who came out quickly and accompanied the woman to where Meg was lying- He picked her ten derly up in his strong arms and carried her to hiis home. As the light fell on her face at the door he nearly let her drop. " "Wife, wife," he cried, " 'tis our Meg!" "Oh, Heaven! who has done this?" cried Meg's mother, through her tears, as she laid her daughter on her bed; and as she and the woman undressed her, her husband went for Donald Brookes and the doctor. And the woman told her story as they sat together beside poor Meg. "So near hertime, too! God grant it don't kill her," sobbed the poor woman. "Oh, Meg, my child, my darlingand the two women wept together over the unconsious figure on the bed. Presently they heard the returning steps, and the woman, with true delicacy of feeling, hid herself in a little dark back kitchen, as the door opened and admitted Meg's father, Donald, and the doctor. Donald could think of nothing else but Meg's danger and his unborn child. She had been such a good tender wife to him, and had so wound herself round his heart, it almost broke his heart to see her lying there, so white and still, so like death itself. . "Yes, very great danger," said the doctor, in answer to his anxious question, and the woman as she watched his haggard face from her hiding-place, told herself bitterly that this new love had quite swept her and his old love for her from his heart. Through that long night they all watched sadly with sinking hearts. And as morning dawned, Meg unclosed her eyes, and seeing her husband, motioned him to come to her. He knelt beside her and took one of her hands in his. The other die laid feebly across his neck. " She is going," said the doctor softly. And with her hand clasping her husband's neck a little tighter, her eyes on his face, full of love, Meg passed away with her child. " Exposure last night (it. was bitterly cold and wet) and some very severe shock," said the doctor, taking his hat. But the others knew it was a broken heart. 