POPERY IN" BATHURST! It is clear that the Generals of Rome, like the Generals of the Prussian William in the late war against Erancf;, have mapped out this colony, and have chosen their centres from which to operate in their spiritual campaign. It is said that William and lus Uenerals, in the palace at Berlin, had maps of Prance laid out before them wliich enabled them so correctly to lay their plans that tlu- oughout the war they showed by theii movements that they knew the country better than the French themselves. It is precisely thus with the Genei-als at Rome — the Pope and his Propaganda — in conspii"acy with their agents the Bishops and Archbishop, in this colony. Sydney is the head centre, where the Archbishop receives commands direct, and the next in rank, the Bishops, are posted in cliief points of attack, at Bathurst, Goulburn, Maitland, Armidale, and Albury. At all these chief towns these Roman officers are stationed ; and, by their priests and those female agents whom they call "religious," the land is being besieged like a citadel, while sleepy Protestants are saying " Peace, peace," " the citadel is impregnable " and in this false security they are folding tlieir arms, in the face of an army whose progress and audacity cannot be questioned. Last Simday week was a great day at Bathurst, like the rejoicing of men who had taken a Sedan. The college of St. Stanislaus was to be opened ; and, as everything is " religion" in the Romish Church, the procession, the collection, the luncheon, the speeches, the toasts, the cheers, and the sending of waiters to the public houses adjoining for drink for those who " could not do without such refresh ments," were all quite in harmony with the Poiiish notion of a Sabbath, as much as kneeling before the Mass. The better the day, therefore, the better the deed ; and so the strange Sunday medley of " pro cession, mass, preaching, toasts and roar ing custom " of the public house, was as good a picture of Popish religion as the people of Bathurst are very likely to see. We wonder if any of the Protestant clergy of Bathurst will notice the display, or pooh pooh the whole affair as not worthy to disturb their much-loved peace. We pass by the trappings and the arrangements of the " master of cere monies; Father M'Auliffe." We want to hear the Apostolic preacher. Bishop Quinn. He was sent for, as Peter was by the household of Cornelius. " His Lordship " came with the " fulness of the blessing " of the Pope's Gospel. As he is one of the " successors of the Apostles," we are sure tliat his preaching will be the echo of the ancient preaching, and a flood of light will be poured upon that city of the Weist where the Sun is supposed to set in dark ness ! He chose for his text, the great commission-: — " Go ye therefore into all the world, tkc.," and to some of the statements in his maivellous sermon we earnestly call the attention of our readers as instructive in a sense, which is not very usual. "His Lordship " began by telling his audience that the famous commission was to teach all nations ; " not to give a coiu'se of lectures and go their way ; hot to pre sent a neatly bound book, ask the recipients earnest consideration of it and pass, for no hooks on the subject then existed. The work of the New Testament was not then writtep. They ivere to teach in season and out of season." Now, of course, the allusion of " his lordsliip " is obvious, and his dishonest insinuation is equally so. He wanted to prepossess his audience with the notion that the Bible is not necessary to the church carry ing out the commission to " teach all nations." He wanted to insinuate the distinction between hearing and reading, and to proceed upon the assumption that teaching is not accomplished by liooks, but by oral address I Hence his silly remark that the. " book of the New Testament was not then written." But he might just as well have said that the college of St. Stanislaus was not then built. The Apostles did not build colleges ; . they did not build cathedrals ; yet we suppose that colleges are built for the pur2)ose of teach ing, and books are used in them that the students may be taught ; but if the Apostles taught without colleges and with out books, why cannot their successors do just the same ? But the whole statement is a suggestio falsi. It was exactly what the Apostles did, in many places, "to give a course of lectures and pass on." They went from city to city "giving courses of lectures," expouiuhng out of the Scrqitures and showing from the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ. And when some of the people in the different jilaces to which they went would have ke2)t them to give them more lectures, they refused and "passed on" to the cities and places beyond. The Apostles never jn-eached but out of the Scrqitures. They always appealed to the Scrijiture. They told their hearers to search the Scrqitm-es and test their words and jireaching by the Scriptures. And when one people showed this searching and enquiring and testing spirit more than others, the Apostles specially commended them for making the oral address subject to the hook. His lordship states what is distinctly false when he says that "no books on the subject existed." The hook existed which was full of the subiect— the only book necessary to the subject — the book upon which the Apostles founded all their iireaching ; and it existed in such jilenty that not only Jews liad it (the very common peojile having it and being able to read it) but it was largely diffused among the Gentile peoples ; nor did the Apostles ever ffiil to do as Jesus had done, say as their authority — "it is written," "it is mitten." But, says " his lordshiji," the Apostles could not and did not "iiresent a neatly bound book, and ask the recqiient's earnest consideration of it and pass on." The sneer in the exjiression "neatly bound " is poor and uncalled for, but per fectly Popish. The Apostles did not need to give neatly bound books to the peojile ; but they did what was far better — they sent them beautifully written parchments, some written mth Paul's "own hand," far better than " neatly bound books," and for one of which any Protestant Avould give all the " neatly bound books " in New South Wales ! It was a silly ana chronism with which " his lordship " played when he spoke of the Apostles not giving " neatly bound books for the smallest boy who will ever enter St. Stanislaus college could tell " his lord ship " that books were not bound in those days at all ! But more than this — the sneer was not only poor, but the meaning was false. It was a distinct part of the Apostles " teaching," and of their carrying out the "commission" which they received, to present books — beautifully written — to the churches which they gathered. That the things which they had jireached to the people of Ephesus, for examjile, might re main fixed in the memory of the Ephesians, they sent a 6ooA:to thatpeojile immediately afterwards. It was thus also with the people at Colosse, at Tliessalonica, at Corinth and Philippi. To each of these people they sent a hook with an earnest request that the readers might read and study it, and then circulate it by giving it to others. Books they wrote simultane ously they wrote with their preaching. In fact, that Paul might write, God in his Providence cast him into jirison and stopped Mb preaching. He was not con tent wiih speaking to Timothy, but he wrote two books to him; for his guidance as to how he was to preach and nile. He wrote another book to Titus for the same ' purpose, that they might not depend oh . memory or tradition. He was not content with orally teaching the Hebrews ; he must also write them a large book which would be their repertory and standai'd in all questions affecting the Gospel; In the same way he wrote a book — wrote it -with his own hand— to the Galatians, that they might know, without any tradition, how to stand fast in the liberty of Christ. Another, that the different churches then being established, might not be left to the falsehoods and imjierfections of "tradition," wi-ote a large book of the history of their iflanting, and of the laboux's of the Apostles, so as to know the " certauity of the things which they believed." And Peter him self, evidently as much convinced as Paul was, that books were necessary to the carrying out of the commission, not only Avrote two books to tlie jieople among whom he had chiefly laboured at Babylon, but lie told them tliat in prospect of his dying the H'ovision which he had made in his books would kee) them in remembrance of the truth, and even then he alluded to the grand out book with which they were all acquainted, as the "pitj-e woixl of prophscy unto which they did well to take heed." But Di. Quinn would nevei do what Peter did ; for while Peter wrote as well as jii'eached, in fulfilment of his com mission, and chai'ged the peojile to I'ead what he had written for "sureness," Dr. Quinn would be content to sweeji away all tlie books and documents, and says that the Catholic Church would get along far better Avithout them ! The Bishoix next i-efex-red to the "sujxei- natural powers" Avhich the commission conferred on the Apostles atud their suc cessors. But hei-e the same fiilso sjxirit was manifested by " his lordshi) " Avhich Ave have already exjiosed. The commis sion confers no supernatux-al iioAvers. To " disciple and to teach " Avhat Christ has commanded does not require and did not I'eceive supernatural poAvers. Those sjiecial poAvers were given to the Apostles ; hut not in this commission ; and " his lord ship " is challenged to shoAv a single one of those " siqiernatural poAvei's " Avhich the Ajxostles had. If he Avill heal the sick — i-aise the dead — or cure the blind, Ave Avill acloiOAvledge him ; but if he Avill vajiour about " sujiei-natural poAvers " and claim to have them because the Apostles had them, Ave Avill tell him to his face that he is not only a shameless deceiver of the peojile, but he knoAvingly deceive.s them. It Avill not do to quote about Peter and the Rock. It avUI not do to rattle off the words about "keys and binding and loosing." These passages may jilay the jiart of cards and knives and balls in the hands of a jugglei, but they wont jwove that the so-called successoi's of the Apostles have got supernatural poAvers in the commission quoted. We knoAV how the Apostles displayed their supernatural poAvers ; and until Dr. Quinn displays his in similar Avorks, Ave will meet his claim before all rational and intelligent men as a fraud and an imposture Avhich he dare not submit to the test. We jxass over the rest of the so-called sei'mon, and come to the following, which is as impudent and groundless a statement as ever Avas made among Protestant peojile - "His lordship said he would now take the liberty, as he learned there was many there Avho differed from him in religion, to express the kindly feeling he entertained for them. He loved no Roman Catholic better, and perhaps he regarded them with a feeling more actually kind. Roman Catholics should not be sorry for this, for he was satisfied that every baptized perfon whether baxitized by a priest or pro- testant minister was baptized into the Church of Rome. There could be no tivo churches. Any person properly baptixed Avas introduced into the Church of Christ, or Avhat they called the Catholic Church, Avhose ministers are fully equipped and endowed with all powers reqxiesite noAV as they Avere on the day of Pentecost. Those who relied entirely on the Noav Testament were under a mistake, because when the com mission was first given to the apostles the founders . of the Catholic Church, no New Testament — or book of the New Testament — existed. The Catholics are ready to turn round and do the Avork of the apostles, and they are the only church that can do it. If every document record and monument relating to Christianity Avere destroyed to-morrow the Catholics could discharge their duty aa'ithout either record, or monument, or document because the law was given them in the spirit of God, as he says " I Avill make the laAV as your hearts and your bowels." It is a vital portion of their faith this knowledge of the law, so bound up Avith their teaching and existence as to be inseparable. What document or record or monument did men want so long as they were endowed Avith the spirit of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost ? Had they not their sacraments, those holy weapons of soldiers in the army of Christ. Sacraments of penance and confession. Other churches might do without theni — the Catholics could not. And the doe- trine of the Eucharist, take that out of their religion;, and the sun might as well be out of the firmament." Behold the wolf saying how he loves tlie lamb ! Dr. Quinn loves Protectants far more than he loves Koman Catholics. No body would ever have known that liad he not told us so. " Acutely kind !" Very warn and very acute, especially as Dr. Quinn would bum in the fire or slay with the sword, as \?oise than " murderei-s and thieves " heretics and enemies of the ohiu'ch ! Look too at the astounding declaration, which is not too bold for a Popish priest, that all of us, whether baptised by the Pi'otestant minister or by the priest, are Pomanists ! " Nolens vqlens," each of us is made subject to the Pope, because there could not be two churches ! Hence there is no such thing as a Protestant Church, nor is there a heretic either in all the world; for every baptised person neces- sarUy belongs to the Bnman Church ! "We hope our charitable friends will study this -audacioirs "Appropriation Act," and thank liis lordship for unchurching their churches, 4ind admitting them into Rome on such, liberal terms. Then look at the abominable untruth in the assertion that tho Romish priests are "fully equipped and endowed mth all powers requisite now as tlvey toere on the day of Pentecost." If this were true there would be no need for the college of St. Stanislaus ; for one of the powers was the " gift of tongues," and we know quite well that Bishop Quinn himself has not jgot thatj>ower. Tlieu, honest men must be ashamed at " his lordship," whose logic is enough to make a tyro laugh : thus, " When the commission was first given no New Testa ment existed; therefore, those who rely entirely on the New Testament are under a mistiike !" Our answer is. When the -commission was given no Ronan Church existed ; therefore, those Avho rely entirely on the Roman Cluu-ch are under a mis take ! The logic is not helped by the Irish additions of "first going," "rely entirely," "founders of the Catholic Church," and "book of the New Testament," craftily thrown in to make a very weak and drivel ling utterance look very strong ! Then, think of the comfortable readiness -of the Catholics : " The Catholics are ready to do the work of the Apostles, and they are the only church that can doit. As they can do it, and never accomplish it, they have much to answer for. Then, think of the impious imputation upon God's wisdom and goodness. It was very imnecessary on the part of God to inspire the Scriptures and preserve them tlu'ough the dark ages, because Dr. Quinn knows that if they were destroyed to- moi'row the Catholic Church would never miss them. Nay, as they have given the chm-ch a gx-eat deal of ti-ouble, and are a perpetual soui'ce of annoyance to lier, she would do her " woi'k " far better without # i/Xierii Then, lastly ; this is not the depth of his lordship's impiety, " for," says he, " what document, or record, or monument do men want so long as they aie endowed with the Spirit of the Fathei, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost ? Had they not the saci'a- ments — those holy weapons of soldiers in the army of Christ — the sacraments of penance and confession — -the Eucharist which is the sun in the firmament." What God thei'efoi-e should have done was, not to give a " document" or " record !" Men dont want the document — the Bible ! If "they have penance and confession and the mass, they are far better off than with a document or record ! These saci-aments -are the weapons — " the Sword of the Spii'it " is of no use for the soldiei's of the Roman Chm-ch ! Hence, if God had been as wise as Dr. Quinn, He would not have inspii'cd Apostles to write the New Testa- tament, which has always helped to obscure the .sun in the Papal fiinnament ; He would have been content to I'ely on penance and confession and the mass ! Impiety and impudence could not go further ; and this is the wretched teachuxg, the abominable uncharitableness, the daring effrontery of lordly bishops who call themselves the " supeniaturally equipped" successors of the Apostles ! The woidd cannot be glad and thankful enough that Pi'otestaixtism holds uj) to scorn .such rank impostiu-e. 