RESUMPTION OF FREE IMMI ■: ORATION. MEETING IN THE TOWN HALL-. A very largely a'tended meeting of citizens j waB held in the To «n Hallj on Monday evening, August 25, to consider the question of the re sumption of "free immigration.' His "Worship the-MAYOB [(Mr. A. H. F. Bar rels, J. P.); occupied the chair, and at the begin ning of the proceedings said there could be no doubt that a strong addition to the' population of the colony was much to be desired, but the way in which- such an addition was to be ob tained was a matter for careful consideration; We lost hundreds and thousands of pounds under the old system, and the adVisablehess or other wise of; returning to it was worthy of thought ful attention^• (Hear, hear.) SMr. 'JOHH-Clabk said he had hoped the .time'-had gone past when it would be necessary "for him-to oppose .immigration at the public expense in South Australia. (Hear, hear.) Many of them recollected- that in years.gone by he combated:the principle of free immigra tion,'whiojr he looked upon as one1 of the most obnoxious- ever adopted in any ; civilised community. ! (Cheers.); It wis; stated in the Victorian Parliament the-.-other day1 by the Hon. Geo. Higinbotham that'he did not believe-out of- benighted South ^Australia that a single individual could be got insane enough to promulgate "^subh 1 an idea; but.' he (Mr. Olark) had hoped that even' in this- benighted country no one would have had' the hardihood to-coine forward and" promulgate the doctrine. -f-Hearphear.) He was sure all would agree with : him when:be'- said that the beneficial effects of the cessation of immigration at the public ex pense r had been marked, in an extraordinary degree., ^(Cheers.);The present agitation-for free immigra'ion" was simplylthe result of the selfish and grasping desire of the few. to add to their wealth at the expense of the. many; (Hear,-hear.) The ; resolution ' he had to pro'pese was—"That this meetingis of opinion 1 that the course pursued by the Government in telegraphing to the Agent-General for the re sumption of free immigration without the sanc tion of Parliament is a violation of constitu tional usage, and ought not to have been approved of by the House of Assembly." (Cheers.) He 'pointed out that, according to constitutional principles, the control, of the public pjirse was in the hands of the represen tatives of-the people, and, that being so, he oontended that in the action of the Government there had been a most flagrant breach ,of con stitutional usage; but, bad as the conduct of the;Government had been in tliis matter, what were'they to say to th'eir representatives who approved-.of such" a disgraceful violation of their constitutional privileges?. (Hear, hear.) Out of a House of 36, only four- members protested against the course pursued by the Government. lVhat were they to say to their city representatives, who were returned on the understanding that they would.oppose free im migration ? and what were they to say to the representatives of East Adelaide, who disgraced themselves by leaving the House, and not voting at all—not even pairing ? : He branded them as traitors in the flrst instance, and as cowards in the second. (Cheers.) There were some other people who, in days gone by, spoke strongly against free immigration, who used to say, " We onoe belonged to you," and who obtained their present position by their profesied opposition to the principle; but during the past six montns they had been advocating the resumption of im migration at the public expense. Amongst these persons was Mr. William. Townsend, who had chaffed him because he had not been able to get all the labor he wanted; but in his opinion it was much better that that should be the case than that people should want work, as they did two years ago when men rushed .the; Treasury.. (Cheers.) There was a'scarcity of labor just now, but supposing the harvest, through any cause, should prove a failure, what would become of the men, supposing they i wereT introduced into the colony, that the farmers said were required? (Hear, hear.) Instead of hundreds being wanted, hundreds now in employment would be in want of work, and would not be able to obtain it; (Cheers.) At the present time the Pulpit, the Parliament, and the Press were against labor, and the fact, said very little for ,.the Christianity of either the one or "the other. • (Hear, hear.)'1 He con sidered the present system, as to land -and immigration, a delusion and; a-snare. Land had not realised more than 3s. 6d. per. acre ;-for if they deducted from the proceeds the amount expended on'roads, bridges, &c.;, 'they would find that the residue was very small indeed, The-pjesent system had;the effect of concentra ting wealth instead of diffusing it, .which he took to :be wrong in principle. (Hear,ihear.) He believed if fair wages wc,re paid labor .would ;preseat. itself for employment," and this had been sho^n to be the case qn Y'orke's Peninsula, where; two years ago, there was a great outcry for | labor ; but since the mines badbeen in a flourish;, ingstate,, and -the-earnings [of the miners-had increased^ there' hid been a constant influx of miners from the otherpolonies. (Cheers,) . Ah Adelaide labor agent had-placed in his -hands a letter from Mr. J. G..- Chandler, of Melrose, in which that gentleman said—'' The .North.is full of. men, and -if the: farmers give proper.wages, they will have plenty of hands for any harvest.". (Cheers.) He was very pleased to see that the meeting at Saddleworth was against free immi gration. A gentleman present at that- meeting ascertained that, although 200,151 acres of land were represented" there, the total than-" absorbing power was only twelve men. (Laugh ter and cheers.) fcUnder • .these circumstances, was it not absurd that'such men as'Mr." Heard should go to. the Government .and. clamor-fop free immigration? (Hear, hear.) A farmer present at the Saddleworth meeting, he was told, allowed four swagsmen to go on their way because he would not give them 15s. per week. A liberal rate of wages was all that was wanted to induce population to come to this colony. To show that the colony had received benefit from the oessation of free immigration, he would quote some figures obtained from reliable sources. The population in 1860 was 124,112, which num ber was increased in 1862 to'135,329. The number of marriages in 1860 was 5,568; in 1862, 6,075; and in 1863, 5,966. There were 93 convictions in the Suprem i Court in 1859, but in 1862, with pn increase of 13,000 in the population, the number was only "64, or a de crease of 50 per cent. The amount'to the .credit of depositors in the Savings Bank in 1860 was £88,889 19s...4di, but ,at tne close, of ; 1863 the amount was '£L89,143 lis. 93. In 1859 the I amount of ^loans on mortgage was £416,139 2s. 9d.;v£54,745 5,s. 9i. being upon city property alone ; while in 1S32 the amount fell, .to,. r£2u5,731 : 2s. , -7d., and that oh city -property to £24,195 5s., so that in three'years private indebtedness was reduced by £210,408 0s. 2d. The number of wiits from the Supreme Court was in 1858, when immigra tion1 was in full swing, "1;404, the amount re presented being £54,369; while in 1863, after the oessation of: immigration, the numhor was 594,- and the amount only £9,449.- In 1858 the number "of insolvencies was -105—liabi ities, £283,514; and in 1863 the number was 151 —; liabilities, £85,300 3s. 3d., or a decrease in amount of £198,713 16s. 91. The amount for charitable institutions in 18;i0 was £17,363 7s. 7d., and in 1862, £14,366 5s. 41.; and for relief to the poor, not in those establishments, the amount in 1860 wis £7,309; and in 1862, £4,409,-10s." lid. . 'Those figures conclusively I showed that the cessation of immigration at the public expense was to the advantage of the | community. (Cheers.) Mr. Councillor Weight said the immigration question was a very important one, and every I man should think for himself upon it. It had been decided in the House that its resumption was not needed.' A former Government had been broken up - on the question and yet the present' Ministry took upon it self before the assembling of Parliament to | send away for two shiploads of immigrants. Evidently, noses had been counted before-hand. (Laughter.) Some members said, " Oh, it's only I £5,COO," but that was not the question : it was the principle which was involved. (Hear, hear.) Several letters had appeared in the papers with regard to the subject of immigra tion, and he noticed one writer proceeded on the argument that we were in debt to the Laud Fund to the extent of £300,000, and woro liablo to pay it. That speaker forgot that we had got into debt to the extent of nearly a'mil ion to [ benefit the farmers... (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. C. BhaY, M.P., upon rising was re OBi^ed with ft storm of hisses and groans. His WORSHIP besought the meeting to give the speaker a hearing, biit in vain, the noise Bontinuing with unabated vigof; Mr. JOHN CLARK would ask them as Britons to give Mr. Bray a hearing. In supporting his resolution he had found it necessary to attack that gentleman, and he would point out that the mover had the right of reply, and he pledged himself to use this right. (Applause.) Mr. Brat was thankful for Mr. Clark s courtesy, and he was only sorry that pitching into members seemed to be more popular than the Quoting of statistics. He was not there as a member of Parliament, but as aratepayer, and he had a right to Bpeak so long as he did not weary them. In making an explanation with regard to his action in the House, he would point,out that the' House. met on the Friday .when nothing but- formal business, consisting of'the reading of the Governor's Speech, ap pointment of Committees, ^ and so od, was transacted. On the following Tuesday, the reply to the Governor's Speech was read. Ho was on the Committed which prepared that reply, and he was very careful on the subject of immigration. He knew the feeling of the Chief Secretary on the matter, and he said if the reply was not silent on that point he would not remain on the Committee. All the reply stated was, "Your House will do all that may seem necessary on the question of immigration," thus pledging the House to nothing. (Hear, hejir,) . On . Wednesday the Chief Secretary .made a. Ministerial explanation, and in the course of it stated that the Government had telegraphed to the Agent-General to send out two.shiploads of immigrants. ("More shame for them.5) He said the same, and reference to the leading newspapers of the following day would prove that one of the members for the Port and himself were the only persons who expressed their objection "to the course the Government had pursued. (Hear, hear.) He said then that the Ministry had no right a day or,two before the House met to send home for free immigrants in this way, and that they should have consulted the House upon the point; and he was confident the.greater proportion, or at least a large majority of the members, would have been found voting against it. (Applause.) What he had stated was strictly correct, and a fortnight afterwards, when the money was ex pended, he believed he was nearly the only one who raised a protest against it. The same day that be opposed it there was .a full House, nearly every member was'present, and they allowed the Government a fortnight's,adjourn ment, During that time the Agent-General at home was taking steps to get these immigrants but'.'" " Then, hqwever, it was too late to vote against the question. The credit of the colony was pledged,: and they conld not go behind their pledged word. (Hear, bear, and some disapprobation). _He contended that the Ministry had acted im properly, and they might depend upon it, if tbe question was brought forward-again, he should be found heart and 'soul against it. (Applause.) He was not prepared to uphold the Ministry in this, and if he had only been supported when the question first came on, the action-whioh had been taken'would'.never bave been taken. (Hear, hear.) One of the reasons given by the late Commissioner of Crown Lands for resigning was that he could not agree with free immigration. They would find, upon reference to the records, that he (Mr. Bray) moved the motion upon whicb the clause relating to free immigration in the late Bill was struck out. (Hear, hear.) He agreed with the resolution whicb I had . been moved, and he thought it was | a very hasty and ill-considered act on the part of the Government to send home as they, did for immigrants. (Applause.) If immigration was needed at all it was certainly not, needed at present. He saw from Mr. Hunt's labor market report, published in a recent paper, that—I " Considering the great demand for labor, the supply has been very satisfactory. ' Many per sons who have been hired are men recently arrived from Melbourne, Sydney, and New Zealand, they having doubtless found, their way to Adelaide in • cCnsequence of work being plentiful and wages good." (Ap plause.) Asr long as -.they, had' abundance of work and fair wages they would not need to send home for immigrants. The Ministry had intimated its intention to put down a large sum for immigration. He should certainly ob ject to it. (Mr. Mortlock—"Who would sup port it?" Laughter.) Mr. Mortlock perhaps. (Mr. Mortlock—"No he won't." Laughter.) He was glad to hear it, and he hoped other members would be equally as independent and sensible. r (Applause.) Mr. McDonald Supported the resolution and condemned the action of the Government, -saying they ought hot to remaih in bffice a day longer. Members made a great' noise -over a question"' of privilege, but an important ques tion they overlooked-altogether. The working men should unite and protect their own in terests..' KefcrringVtp iMr.' Heard', one "of the farmers',.-deputalion, , he said that gentleman had never.been an industrious mechanic nor a good laborer, or. he would never have spoken as he .'did:'';Wi^h-'regard , to, .Mr. Everard, he thought if, thabgentleman stood for any of the 18 districts':pn universal suffrage he would never be returned— (hear; hear, and laughter) —and yet ho held a position in the Ministry. (Shame.) ' His Worship said'ho had been desired to mention that Mr.-'J. M. Solomon, one of the members for West Adelaide, would have at tended that meeting if he had .received an in vitation: '■ (" Oh dear, what a pity he didn't," and laughter.) . . Mr. Clark, in reply, said while Mr. Bray's explanation on the question of immigration was | a good one, the action he had taken was, to his mind, unsatisfactory. The motion was carried almost unanimously, there being only two dissentients. |. ; Mr., Matthew .Goode ; was glad to be present to express his opposition to free and indiscrimi nate immigration. He believed it was necessary to increase the population, but certainly not at the expense of any particular class. He wonld move—"That in tbe opinion "of this meeting the principle of-. free and indiscriminate immi gration is opposed to sound political economy, unjust in,itB operation by protecting capital at the expense of labor, and past experience has proved ^ it ,to . be ,:unsuited,; to -the wants of ' South "Australia." Instead _ of immigration under the. old system being poli'io and .economical, it was proiuctive of extravagance in the worst shape, for they all know that thousands of pounds were.Bpent in introducing immigrants here;, who, as soon as they landed,'., left- .for-.morp desirable spheres, (Laughter, and'heari/hear.)*' Some had said that land was bought .-under, the belief .that lOi. in every i>ouud of the" purchase money was to go for-the introduction of labor, and that to divert tbe money accumulated under that understanding " into" a~"foreign" channel* was cutting a covenant, but it was desirable to cut covenants sometimes, and ho wondered they had stood it so long as they had. It was only because they had been indirectly taxed; and properly speaking tbat Land Fund should have Deep applie 1 to other purposes, and so kept their taxes down. (Hear, hear.) Although he ad mitted that a large number of^ very estimable people had come out under the immigration re gulations, still he believed the practice of bringing out shiploads of immigrants had an immoral tendency—(hear, hear)—and that it had been of serious injury to the colony. The agents at home had not selected so carefully as they might, and in many instances they took a very inferior class of persons. The confinement of 300 or 400 . porsonB on board a vessel for three months was pre judicial, and in many instances it led to Harm. Tho principle of indiscriminate im migration was unjust, not only to the man who bought land to cultivate it— a3 in many in stances the proper labor for agriculturo was not introduced, but also to immigrants, as in several cases men had been induced to leave fairly com fortable employment at home to come out here under the impression that they would be better ing themselves, and then had fouad that they oouhlnot gotsuitableemployment. (Koar,hear.) To bring out unsuitable labor was a suioilal policy for a colony, but if the Government brought out such labor they were bound to find the laborers employment at something. (Hear, hear.) The question then came, how were they to get t n if they didn't have laboiT ("Giveyoung men good Wages, and let 'em get married." Laughter.) That took tod long a time. His idea Was that if employers Wanted labor they should import it The Government might protide an agent, and Sertain conditions On the part of the employer and the employ e should be agreed to, so tliat there would be a responsibility—on 'the one hand to study the workman's interest, and on the other to study the master's interest. 'He did not s 'e, either, why the farmers could not do the same thing.. The m.n might pay his own passage-money and bind himself for two years, and if he failed to serve, his passage money should not be returned to him. (Apr plause.) . Mr. Roberts seconded. He had hoped they had heard the last of Government immigration, and that the ghost of "Wakefield was laid. Originally half the Land Fund was spent on-im migration; then a third was devoted to that objeot, and then the system-was-done away with. It was very well to say we .wanted im migration, but first we should knew that the people in the colony are doing well. • Mr. FARfl, If he thought population was to induce labor, woiild say We did "not Want im migratim. He would keep Wages here as high as in the other colonies.; Mr. Goode Was an honest speaker. ; He said that employers want ing immigrants should engage to keep them through the year. He .employed as many laborers in a week as Mr. Goode did in a year, and Mr. Goode's profits were as much in a week as his in a year. _ (Great laughter.) Mr. Bray said wo wanted assisted immigration, but did not. say how we were to get it. (Laughter.) Our members were mere delegates, (Uproar and laughter.) They just did what was chalked out for them. Mr. Frt rose to oppose immigration, amidst uproar and laughter. '(" Let him get the steam up "—laughter, and Bravo.") He opposed immigration. ("How did you get here?"— uproar and laughter.) He was sorry lo hear the last speaker say he was in favor of immigration. (Oheers.) When they said it was not to reduce » ages, theyspoke falsely. (Oheers andlaughter.) He knew that sort in other parts of the world, andif they talked that way tiere they would be kickedby the shoe end. (Loud cheers and uproar.) The land was the gift of the Almighty, and the Government had no right to take the land and sell it to bring out labor. (Oheers and laughter.) (The speaker here went into a detail of his experiences, which|was listened to with, atten tion, broken by oheers, laughter, and occa sional noise, till the speech lasted too long, ' when the meeting became impatient.] He said the farmers only employed men during harvest, and exhorted the electors only to put into Parliament men who would support what was right. • Mr. SketHeway supported the resolution. If they looked in that evening's paper they would see that in Ballarat hundreds and hundreds of men were doing ' nothing, and would gladly come here to do our great farming work, and then they could go back again, for there would be nothing for them to do here. (Laughter and cheers.) Merchants might as well ask Government to bring'them iron for building as farmers ask for labor at public expense. Men without a penny in their pockets trying to farm would do the country great mischief, and the working men would suffer most. They had never had a larger meeting, and that showed the working men were in earnest. The deputation who asked for immigration wished to reduce the, price,of labor. (Oheers ). He was assured that a re spectable farmer never needed laborers. (Oheers.) He knew we had not popula lation enough to be prosperous —(" Oh, plenty )—but it was no use bringing population unless our capitalists were more enterprising. If wo had factories it would be different. If we opened the door to such an unconstitutional principle as Government Immi gration, he did not know who was to shut it (Great cheering.) . ' Mr. 8. Baphael held that the Government had nothing to do with bringing out laOor. A respectable builder that evening 'said, why should he bring out labor ?" He would be like those cockatoo farmers who cried out for labor. (Cheers and laughter.) 'Had we not two Bank Managers in the Government, we should have heard nothing of. that . cry. (Oh, and cheers.) They had to fatten their clients, and it suited them to beggar the colony. (Oheers and laughter.) They had had enough of the, old system, as men knew to their sorrow, who; had been in the Stockade for asserting their rights. (Great cheering.) There was no greater tyrant to the poor man than Mr. Kverard. (Cheers and: noise.) Look at his countenan ce. (Great - laughter.) He was one of the would-be colonial' arisLocracy, who would trample .on the poor man, A farmer said to him he wanted a man. "-Wanted a man?"- said he (Mr. Baphael), "and you ask for thousands." (Cheers and laughter.) The Government and'.Parliament should wait till the people asked for more population. Mr. Bright once moved a resolution against having Bank. Managers, jn ;tho Ministry, and now he went into a Government with two. (Laughter and cheers.) What could they expect from such a Ministry ? (Laughter and cheers. They all knew what'a kindh'earted man for the pcor Mr. Glyde was. (Laughter and cheers.) The Government said they muse carry out what was begun; but he said no. There was the telegram to bring out the scum of hell. (Prolonged laughter and cheers.) They could use the tele graph to stop what had been begun. When they gbt down into. that smoking-room, where so much brandy wa3 flying about, they forgot themselves. (Great laughter and cheers.) Mr. Everard could do what ho liked with that fat boy in l"Pickwick." (Tremendous laughter;) Then when they got hold of a young new-fledged member they chucked him under the chin and saidj' " What a nice boy you are." (Great laughter.) He knew members, who said, ." Well, I intended to turn thi3 Ministry out, I but - they are such a d d nice lot of fellows I can't." (Tremendous laughter.). If ! they wanted immigration, . they should give inducements Itf'pers-us to immigrate. Give them the land for -Is. ah acre, or for .a term of .years at a farthing a'.year rent. We dpn'twant immigration if we do,.let those who waut'it pay'for it." The, Government, had :a lot'of money and wanted to waste it.^ There ' were persons who* said they had room'for 500 ! rrien- at the Burra, and as many at Wallaroo. Well, let them pay for them as they did forpre bagp. (Cheers;) ;; Mr. "Jones totally disagreed with' Mr. '.'Ba phael. '[die further endeavored to speak,'but the uproar and laughter were so great, he was obliged to desist.] ; . Mr. Boyle asked where was the accommo dation for laborers now in the colony. Why, the employers themselves had no accommoda tion. ' One: farmer told, him he agreed that farmers wanting immigration should guarantee." to employ so-.mahy men through the-year. He; ( Mr. Boyle) was a tradesman, but he conld ;not get work in Adelaide. ("You're not the only one.") The masters preferred men who had never'been apprenticed, for; they.; could ; bully them. He was brought out under free immigration,- hut he was swindled. .He. could !not get work. (Impatience, and "Shut up.") ! We did not want-immigration.- (Loud calls for Bees.)/. i ■ Mr. Bees was received with great cheering. ;From first to last he had acted true "to the 'pledges he had given to his constituents. He ;should have tabled a motion at the opening of the House had he not been a new member. Afterwards when the opportunity occurred he did his duty 'to those who. sent him into the House. Such a strain had been put upon the Government that they dare not go further than they had done. If any Ministry did so, he would give that Ministry his most uncompromising re sistance. (Great cheers.) The motion was carried almost unanimously, only one hand being held up against it. Mr. NORTHMORE propose! the third resolu tion:— "That whilst fully recognising the capabilities of this colony to support a vastly increased population, this meeting is of opinion that the legitimate moans of obt lining it is to offer laud on equally liberal terms with those offered by the United States of America and Canada, with equal' facilities of selection, and that the expense of providing labor primarily for the advantage and profit of capital, should be borne by those requiring such labor, to fhO extent of at least one-half," He pro tested against th* calumny that, the working men were actuated. by. a sordid selfishness in their opposition to immigration. ~ He never heard that the rev. gentleman who started that calumny had Urged wealthy men to help to throw open the land to people who would come to fill it, though he did offer up thanks for. the returh to the colony of two wealthy men of his congregation. (Hisses; and " Question 1 ) By whose agency was the land thrown open to the farmers, if not the working . men ? _ Was that sordid avarice? (Cheers ) Who brought immigrants': to • Canada and the States; but their relations ? Was that sordid avarice ? It was said by a keen observer of human nature that what the poor were to the poor Was known only to their God. He found from Boothby that in 22 years, from the year 1850, w,e lost over 115,276 of our immigrants. .The cost "of immigration, from 1850.to 1871,inclu sive, had been£l,377,196 for 65,057immigrants, or £21 3s. 6d. per head. . In addition .to,this there was expended, in relief of destitute poor during that period, £200,000, and in hospitals alone £165,000, and all that exclusive of the ' cost of ..buildings. If to ..that.they "added cost of crime and lunacy, and unproductive publi# works undertaken to support a starving popu lation, they would ■ find the total cost of the immigration system no less than £2,000,000. [Mr. Northmore went at length into: figures to show . that ; at the end of 1871 over 4,000,000 acres' of land" had been alienated, most_ of it, he. affirmed, falling into the hands of monopolists and land speculators.] In America a man could take up 160 acre3 ot land, and by continuously occupying and cul tivating it for five years lie got the feesimple. Then there was 'the liberal preemptive'law, and in Canada the laws were most liberal for the real settler! "With such laws should'we not get the same influx -of population ? The man who offered a 20-acre block deserved to be put in a lunatic asylum.' " It, was of no us,e farmers saying they wanted men nnlesa they were under an obligation to employ them. He knew that one of the deputation offered a than 83\. a week in hay harvest. (Groans.) Mr. a'. O. Chambers seconded the motion, briefly endorsing the remarks of former -The motion .was carried with one or. two dissentients.; -- " , : Mr. Thompson moved—".That-the mpvers and. sec ipders jiff,, the foregoing; resolutions be alCo'minittee to .embody the same in a Jpetition, to obtain • signatures, and to request some mem ber to present the petition, to Parliament." - He hoped .every one opposed to 'free immigration would sign the petition. Mr. Sfenoe seconded"the motion,1 which was_ carried unanimously.: ;r: : ■_ Mr. John Clark proposed; in complimehtary terms, and Mr. "Thompson seconded, a vote :of thanks to the 'Mayor, which having.been very heartily carried, the proceedings terminated shortly after 10 o'clock. . : • 