literature* TALES IÎTTHE CAMP. UNDEE THE FLO OE, THE "OLD CAMPAIGNER'S" STORY BY SAMUEL HAWKER BANKS. ( Conclusion. J ^-^^^Ä" é^¥^ disturb my '\\\ \ I neyr quarters >?ñ H^î^^p1?([ \oa the sofa ( (^iy^^Ä P \ fortnight I VJS; ¥ IT iP^fL ( ) afterwards ^s^tfinii^y remained fl ( there- My \l i^&âv^Â^T U health had -^^P^wtíf IF /si v much im .^St" $^1»' proved; and -s^M^^^^w^ * even De8an to ima iJp^^.. (j. gine that really, after ^"..JL d Yr all, these sights which 4¿;V=&. )^v^ ^ n»d 80 disturbed me ^ L IAS^ n might have been ^_/ !T ^ / owing merely to my /j 'ilk L^J-J* weak . health - at \ V§^Ls'y which time the mind l^)\iu ever sympathises with ' ¿jj}] the body, and be. OL/ comes, in a degree, r r disordered. I was, V ia some measure, led to this conclusion by the cheerful appearance of the little room in daylight, and the total absence on. the part of any member of the family of any, even I the smallest, reference to it as indicating their knowledge of its mysteries; and I almost regretted having made the change, partly because the parlour gave me less op- portunity of lying it out in the morning, or a chance of a wink after daylight, at which time the members of the household -were astir to commence their daily routine. At last, however, with many regrets on my part, and the expression of them by my friends, with best wishes for my future-coupled with the request that I would visit them again if ever I returned to Sydney-I bade them adieu, sought the sea shore as speedily as travelling would allow, and was soon once more on the briny, to try my fortune in another of the colonies I had not before visited. I did not return to Sydney for many years-nine, I believe ; but, arriving there after a very pleasant iun, I lost no time in communicating with my friends in the country, who gratified my strong desire to visit them again by an invitation to start at my earliest convenience." " What did I tell you, lads ?" said our friend of the crown and four stripes, "I knew this was only a yarn. You see how the ' old man' has doubled round to get rid of his ghost. I hate a liar." " Come, I say, Jack!" said the senior, smiling, knowing his friend's humorous manner, ' ' you don't mean to insinuate that all we've heard of this story has been deliberate falsehood. Why, I've heard you say, yourself, that you believed in ghosts, and had seen several, though you never troubled yourself to say when or where." " No, noir don't intend to ; mine are all familiar spirits, and I prefer to talk about 'em to myself-not like some people. But, go on in your own way, old man, and if this should turn out to be a swindle, it won't be the first time we've been had." "You've interrupted me so often, Jack," said the Old Campaigner, " that I scarcely know what I am talking about, or where I left off." " You'd just come back," replied the ser jeant-major, in aid of the narrator's memory -"just come back, you know." "Oh, ah, I remember," said our hero of the story. "Well, to continue, I made all the haste I could up to see my old friends again-but I found that time had wrought many painful changes. I was welcomed as warmly as ever by the father and mother, but the circle had most sadly diminished. The grandsire, ' full of years and honour,' had been gathered to his fathers ; the younger son, having taken unto himself a wife, had departed from the paternal home. Indeed, that itself had changed : the old folks no longer occupied the place to which was attached so many memories-most of them of the pleasantest,-but had removed to a more picturesque part, not many miles from the 4 old house,' which, by report, was now unténanted and desolate-ruined in its loneliness. The elder son had visited his home during my long absence, and was again on his travels ; but I happened to be there a day or two before the anniversary of his birthday, w"hich, when it arrived, the worthy old couple celebrated with as much honour and affectionate observance as though he had still been in their midst. They had invited some friends to partake of the cheer pro- vided ; and, in the evening, the time was beguiled with song and story, to which ea'ch contributed a something. It came to my turn, eventually, to add my quota ; and, by way of a change, I offered to tell them a ghost story - essaying the very one with which I have been striving this evening to interest you,- concluding my narrative at the same point at which I have arrived with you to night. There were some few remarks made at the time by the listeners-some of wonder and others of. doubt ; and the guests at length departed. Just as I was retiring to rest, the worthy lady-mother came to my room, and desired to speak to me, as she said, of the circumstances I had been re- lating. The substance of her remarks went to show that she had been long familiar with all the leading points of my story, so far as collateral evidence could furnish them ; and it appeared that, at the first entry of the family on the premises, many years before, they had found the little room nailed up, as if purposely barred from occupancy or ob- servation. On the door being unfastened, the room was found full of lumber and mucli dilapidated-the floor imperfectly laid, and everything denoting neglect, if not purpose- ful ravage. Among other necessary decora tions of the house, on their occupancy, this little apartment had received its share, anc it was devoted to-the servant as a sleeping place. It further appeared, from the rela tion of my kind hostess, that the girl, at the end of a week, made a request to be allowee to shift her quarters, giving no reason o much importance for such a request ; and upon her departure, the elderly gentleman the father of my hostess-intimated his de sire to occupy it, it being, as he said, so ven cozy. ' Of course, there was no objection and the change was effected. A very shor time elapsed, however, and he too expressee his intention of returning to his old quar ters, telling his daughter that noises at nigh kept him awake, further stating that h< thought they might arise from the opossums native dogs, cats, etc. The excuse was re ceived without question, and there remainee only one other of the family who migh choose the apartment, before it was finalb devoted to the use of chance or expectei visitors. My informant told me that he younger son seemed glad that the place hat at last fallen to his lot, and lost no time ii removing thither his little stock of books his gun, and the other various necessarie usually found in an intelligent bushman' home. He, also, had not been long in hi new quarters, before ht tired of them, jam expressed his resolution of returning to the old ones. He told his mother, privately, all sorts of things as to his experience therein ; he had heard curious noises in, and around the outside of, the room towards the garden ; had started from his sleep, oppressed by a heavyweight upon him; and had experienced other sensations, which he described-but none of the experiences, of either grandsire, son, or servant (as related by my hostess), came near those of mine during the time I occupied the apartment. Her interest and curiosity being excited by these circum- stances, my informant went on to say that she had resolved, if possible, to discover if the gossip of the neighbours (the nearest being half a mile distant), could supply any clue to the mystery which seemed to en- velope the little room in question. Accord- ingly, without any further hesitation, she went to the house of an old shepherd, who, with his wife, had been on the station for many years before my host and his family arrived ; and of this shepherd's wife she made inquiry- without stating the reasons of such inquiry. It transpired, from the statement of the woman, that the house had been formerly tenanted by the overseer of the station (a single man), known as Tom Adams, and one or two of the Government men, who acted, in their cff time, as servants to him. She described this overseer as short in stature, spare in build, of a dark com- plexion, and a forbidding aspect-indiffer- ently educated, or with no education at all ; and, in his intercourse with those around him he was insolent, overbearing, and churl- ish. From what could be learned from him, in his communicative moments, it appeared that he had come to the colony very young, as a ' stow-away ' on board of a store transport-ship, and, on his arrival in Syd- ney, had been turned adrift to make his own living as he best could. It appeared, also, that he had commenced his colonial career as ' boots ' at one of the hotels, from whence some owner of a station brought him to the country, where he remained, in one capacity or another till-free men being then nDt nu- merous-he was appointed to the charge of those (many of them his betters) who had been unfortunate in the loss of their liberty. Among his other qualities he was a de- bauchee, and, with the men, would periodi- cally indulge in drunken orgies and every vicious act which such indulgence prompted. On one occasion, the shepherd's wife said, he went to Sydney on a short leave of absence, and, on his return therefrom, was accom- panied by a young woman of very pleasing appearance, whom he introduced as his newly-wedded wife. The shepherd's wife described this person as one who had ap- parently moved in a good position at one time ; yet, from her appearance and general manners (though she for some time kept up the wife delusion), it began to be suspected that she was an unfortunate whom the over- seer had induced from a position of public shame in the metropolis to the more private one of being his mistress in the country, This being, in a manner, an out-station, there was little or no inquiry as to its moral condition, and so things went on, uninter- ruptedly-becoming gradually more drunker and more vicious ; and often the debauch o: the night resulted in the girl running off tc the shepherd's, or some other neighbour's hut, for temporary shelter from the violence of her paramour. The beauty this poo: creature brought with her from Sydney (a that time only the barest outline of what i had been), soon left her-and this miserabh companion of the drunkard became as dis solute as he. The shepherd's wife reinem bered very well the occasion of their las debauch, the stillness of the house th. next and the following days ; and the subse quent report that the overseer's wife hat left him-travelling on foot to the then near est township of-, some fifteen miles and from thence to Sydney. The peopl around-all employés of one kind or ano the -said it was no wonder that she had rui away ; nor did they wonder when they saA the blacks and their gins sharing in th revelries which followed her departure Eventually, the overseer was discharged his neglect of duty had been observed, ano on the cause being ascertained, he -was dis missed-his office falling to a man who re sided with his family about a mile distant the Government men were returned to thei huts with the others of the station, and th house was shut up for a number of yean until re-opened for the occupancy of my hos and his family. There was always an ur pleasant mystery, the shepherd's wife sai< about the place, and a suspicion had moi than once found utterance that some fox play had taken place there. It was assertee by those who were watching sheep at nigh while lying awake in the box usually OCCT pied by the shepherd, that lights had bee seen in the house, and figures observe moving about therein. By and by, the plac got the character of being haunted, and Avide berth was accordingly given to it more especially at night, though nothin further was ascertained or done in the mal ter. In the course of time, however, thes circumstances ceased to be talked of, an< said the shepherd's wife, were forgotten alt« gether, excepting so much as was remen bered by her husband and herself, for a were strangers upon the ground then, an knew nothing of what had taken place ther My hostess further informed me, that tl story of the shepherd's wife had never passe her lips before ; she kept the secret to he self, and the room was left untenanted. C my arrival, the next in succession as transpired, I was, as I have related, du installed therein. . I did not wish,5 sa my hostess, f to trifle with your feelings any way ; your occupancy of the room being the only bedroom in the house u tenanted-was almost a matter of necessity but I thought that, as circumstances had so arranged it, it would be the means of test- ing, in some way, whether there had be ea any grounds beyond mere fancy for the de- sertion of the room by the members of my own family, or the impression entertained by the wife of the shepherd. When you re- quested to be allowed to occupy the sofa in the front parlour, I felt somewhat hurt at what I could not conceive to be anything else than heartless conduct on my part. I was ashamed to press you for a reason-having so good an idea of it myself ; and, though, anxious to hear your confirmation of all my doubts, I dreaded betraying my forced cha- racter of that of an experimentalist. We left the old house some two or three years after your last departure ; since that time it has been tenantless, and allowed to go to ruin again-as I am told it has, most com- pletely. I listened to your story to-night with much interest ; and, as we were so far removed by time from the circumstances, and from the old house by distance, I re- solved on relating to you what I had known, and heard regarding it. Nothing is ever said about the place now, and, excepting our two selves, there is not one in possession of its past history. You have been good enough, to disguise the scene of your narrative to- night, and will not, I am sure, in any way, excite curiosity around here by repeating what I have since told you.' "I promised the old lady I would be silent, and she, after bidding me good night, left me to my repose. I did not sleep too well after this, I can assure you, lads ; I was full;of thought of all I had known myself, and'what I had heard from my hostess, and I resolved to go, during the early portion of the ensuing day, as far as the old house, and then, as secretly as possible, try and ascer- tain if there was any clue at all to be dis- covered which would throw a light on the matter. " " Talking of lights," said one of the party, more wakeful than his companions, " I think it is time we had a smoke over this affair ; I feel very much interested in this yarn, and am determined to hear it out." " I won't hear another word," said the sergeant-major, who had just yawned him- self out of a dog's nap, " until I have had a drop of stuff. I'm as dry as a biscuit, and the old man's pitch is dryer. I say, old fellow, if your ghost doesn't turn out to be the real merino, I shall tell you off as orderly or for duty on the quarter - guard to-morrow morning, and then you'll have" something to think of. I think you've been throwing the hatchet. Pass the stuff." There was some difficulty experienced in the management of the " stuff" without a light ; and, on my suggestion, we risked lighting the candle for a few minutes in order that no one should have more or less than his proper and equitable quantity of the liquid. This effected, the ceremony of dis- tribution solemnly took place, a soldierly interest in the proceedings being general, though no one evinced a desire to go beyond reasonable limit. "?I'm ready for the other spirit now, if you'll be good enough to fall in," said the sergeant major. " She can't be far off. I think we may as well keep the light .burning in case the old man should fetch her in here. What d'ye say, lads ?" The laugh was turned on Jack this time, and he was challenged for his fears. The light was put out, by nearly unanimous desire-a rustling of the straw ensued, as each one was making his particular allowance a little less pointed, and the " Old Campaigner " pro- ceeded to " continue the wheel," as he tech- nically termed his story-telling. " Well," said he, " as I had determined, I made, early the next day, the preparation I deemed necessary for my adventure. My first task was to wander about the house as leisurely as possible, sit and smoke ; in short, do anything to divert that suspicion of my movements which my personal knowledge prompted me to anticipate. I had seen the male portion of the family go to their duties -had gone to the store-room myself, unob- served, and found a small grubbing-axe ; took it off into the bush a little way, not to be seen with it on the horse which I intended to ride to the old house, and in a short time I was mounted, on the plea of going for letters to the township-its direction, however, being the very opposite of that I intended to go. My plan succeeded well. I got away with my axe quite unsuspected, and after an hour or two's brisk ride, came upon the familiar old house which I found was, as had been described to me, standing in ruined solitude. Dismounting a little distance off, and tying my horse to the branch of an ad- jacent tree (the fences had rotted quite away), I cautiously, and not without a peculiarity of feeling, approached, and finally entered the house. There was nothing to arrest my progress. The doors had departed ; the windows gone ; and there was a miserable mouldiness about the place not at all com- fortable. The verandah had fallen, the wreck of it being still held together by the sinewy branches of the old vine which had once so tenderly and fondly encircled it with juicy arms ; while the long grass and rank weeds, after a struggle for supremacy, seemed to have united in the nearly-accomplished pur- pose of hiding the household wreck com- pletely from human view. Desolation reigned throughout ; and on entering by the front, I was not without some misgivings as to my personal safety. I confess, also, to a feeling not of the most lively description, I i could not-although the bright sun shone hotly around, and glanced smilingly in through the openings of the shattered roof persuade myself but that the mystery I was about to unravel portended some evil to my- self. In matters of this kind, even when, we proceed with determination, we are not entirely without dread ; and it was with such. feelings-even though armed with the grub bing-axe-that I peered cautiously about, as in passing from the front room I neared that of so much interest to me. All was as still as death-not even a. lizard could be seen secreting itself ; and at that moment I think I should have hailed the companion- ship of a black snake. At length I stood within the apartment-enclosed now by only two sides, for the French-window frames had gone, and most of the outside weather-board- ing. I looked out at the opening which the window had occupied : the old tree still overhung it-but with rotten and leafless branches ; and I recalled the time when, on a summer's afternoon in years gone by, I had sought their grateful shade from the noon-day sun's beams, amusing myself with a book or with thoughts of those I had left behind me in distant lands. Not altogether unmindful of the cause of my visit, I also recalled some of the circumstances which occasioned it. The event of my last night's experience in this very room came freshly to my memory, and I remembered that she the object of my actual or distempered vision -had eluded my sight here, close to the window ; that she Cor it) had really sank under the floor-not gone through the open \- ing of the window-and under the floor I resolved to explore, come what would. " I say, mate," said the serjeant-major, addressing his comrade, the senior, " this yarn just suits you, don't it? You know you have been trying the table- turning move- ment for some time past, and swore the table had turned. I always believed there was a swindle in that lot ; but, if this ghost turns up a trump, I intend to be present at your .next seance j when you may safely bet on the table changing its flank." "I was present at the last affair, Jack," said the junior of his rank : " arid, if I liked, could tell you how the table-turning was managed. I don't want to interrupt this yarn, but the spirits are always lively at any seance at which I am present, and 1 hope this present instance will be no excep- tion. Go on, old man;-what did you dc next, for I'm getting rather impatient ?" "Well," said the Old Campaigner, "I did not waste much time in deciding what tc do. I struck the axe under the outer edge of one of the boards most likely to rise, and prized it up-and the same by the second and third, till I had made sufficient opening to admit the light, when, to my horror and surprise, I saw every evidence of the ground having been broken-not in regular form, but in that of an ordinary hole, for the eartl had sunk from its clearly defined yet un. equal edges to the depth of at least a foot, The removal of two other boards gave m< the dimensions of the hole-about three fee by Itbtw, and further assured me that the sur rounding earth had been levelled, for then was no inequality of surface around it Whatever had been my impressions befor< my arrival there that day, they now con centrated into one : there was unmistake . able evidence that, for some purpose whicl I could not then determine, the floor ha< been raised, a hole dug, the earth replace! to a level, and so left. My first impuls prompted the replacing of the boards. Thi I effected as hurriedly as possible, and thei took a turn or two outside to reflect upoi what further course I should next pursue I was rather nervous over the business, must own ; my emotions were of a distract ing, rather than a satisfying kind, anc after a little while, I came to the conclusio that, having learned so much at so muc trouble, I might as well see the end of it, b that end what it may. Here another diffi culty arose : the implement I had brougl was useless for the purpose of discoverin what the hole had been made for ; this could not manage without a shovel, and t be fully satisfied would involve anothe day, and another journey ; and upon this resolved. Hiding my axe in the weeds ne* by, I remounted my horse, and rode back 1 my friends' house while it was yet early i the afternoon. I felt sadly the want of companion in this adventure ; but there wi no one in whom I could confide, or to whoi I could apply for assistance without creatir alarm-and this I dreaded, besides having strong desire to keep the matter entirely 1 myself. At about ten o'clock the next mon ing, I again prepared for my journey-four an old shovel, placed it in the bush, as had done before with the axe, and evei tually started on my final expedition to ti old house, taking the by-paths and 'open rather than the high road, lest I should 1 met by any one, as the shovel would exci curiosity. I arrived at the old house wit) out having met anything more intelligei than a bullock-found everything just as had left it-raised the floor-boards agai: and went vigorously to work clearing tl earth out. I toiled at this task in a mai lier somewhat like you might imagine Í unpractised thief would, in committing burglary - hurriedly and excitedly, as fearing detection ; but, in truth, I seemed fear what I searched for more than being d tected in the act. I had dug down the di tance of about two feet when the shov came in contact with a substance whic though soft, resisted its progress ; an raising the earth, I found it contained po tions of a decayed blanket. The horrib truth now burst upon me, that I was pos tively in the act of exhuming human r mains. There was no retreating now. Fea fully excited, I proceeded with my sickenii task till I brought up some of the ri bones, then those of the extremities, an lastly, having learned the position of tl body-which had been bent-I uneaithed humanskull-thatof aEuropean, which, fro its size and shape, evidently had belonged a female. I sat for a few moments on tl edge of the unlifted boards, and took a me tal survey of my position. Here was 1,1 the mere force of curiosity not only upon the scene of some fearful outrage, but in presence of what remained of the unfortu- nate victim. What should I do ? I took the skull in my hand, and examined it closely. It was very proportionate in shape, and what the phrenologists would have termed intellectual. It was slightly dis- coloured, but exhibited no mark of violence. I still hesitated as to the best mode of pro- cedure. To report the circumstanee would involve more difficulty than I need here re- hearse. I did not care to be the hero in such a romance as this would prove to be ; and, if I had so chosen, the great lapse of time since the death and interment might render any detection of the author very improbable, if not quite impossible. No doubt rested on my mind respecting the affair. Here was the alpha and omega of the story--from the fatal stroke or stab to my present discovery. I now could trace each circumstance, down to the real, not visionary, part I had played. Should I now, thought I-the agent Provi- dentially selected to unravel the mystery lock it securely in my own breast, or pro- claim it to the world, and, in thus exciting the curiosity of the vulgar, serve no other end but their gratification? I thought of every circumstance connected with the af- fair, and, finally resolving on a course of action, I continued my exhumation till I had i collected from the hole all the bones I could find, and had placed them on the floor. I then dug the hole to a further depth of about two feet, respectfully replaced the remains in the earth, and then breathed a prayer for the eternal repose of the 4 per- turbed spirit,' so untimely, and, perhaps, unpreparedly, hurried into the presence of Him who had given it a habitation on earth, and by whom I hoped, and doubted not, its sorrows and sufferings would be considered with fatherly mercy and love-its errors for- given, and its joy made eternal. I felt, in that lone, desolate, and ruined house, as one to whom a special mission had been deputed -on whom a sacred duty devolved ; and I scarcely need tell you, comrades, that I tried to perform that duty as a man should perform it who is accountable for his every act-if only to himself. I carefully laid the earth over the remains, replaced the boards of the floor which I had removed, threw away the old shovel and the axe (neither ol which I knew would be asked for at the house), mounted my horse, and left the scene for ever. What a subject for the moralisl had been thus developed-from the false step, 4 first and fairest,' to the very depths of misery and crime. But I leave the task of moralising to yourselves. It is sufficienl for me that I have told you my story-im perfectly enough, I confess ; but if I have entertained you in any way, I am amply re. paid for my trouble." The serjeant-major, after raising himsel from the straw and lighting the candle, heh out his hand to his friend the narrator, anc said, " I'm sorry, old man, that I cast an; doubt on your veracity in the matter of thi yarn. True or not true, is scarcely the ques tion now. Pm satisfied. But you mus have a first-rate memory. " " Yes," said the Old Campaigner, *' Ihav a good memory, Jack ; it is very nearly al I have that is of any value. I have lived few years, and life is made up of memories but the circumstances I have so far recallei for your entertainment were only a few c the many exciting incidents of my chequere life. I could have told you of shipwreck starvation at sea, lost in the bush, and othe most disastrous chances ; Of moving accidents by flood and field ; Of hair-breadth 'scapes ; yet I thought that no reminiscence. woul be more interesting (if more pleasing) tha the one I have just been troubling yo ?with." 44 But," said the senior, " did you neve hear anything of the after-career of th fellow whose hand, doubtless, terminate the unhappy life of the poor girl whose ri mains you found ? .It would be some satii faction to know that lie had met his rewarc If vice like his went unpunished, I shoul like to know what reward there is fi virtue." *'I did not intend," said the Old Can paigner, 44 to pursue the subject further tc night ; but, since you have suggested it, will remark that, strangely enough, I wf accidentally enabled to track my rascal 1 earth, so far as his end went. It happene this way. I don't know whether any of ye know anything of Sydney, but just after my return thither from the country on the occa- sion mentioned, I went, one evening, to vis- some friends in the northern part of the city. I did not leave their house till late-say, between eleven and twelve. The night was stormy and cold, and taking Gloucester- street on my way to that part of the city in which I was staying, I passed an old publi- house there, known as the 'Black Dog.' It occurred to me that a glass of hot grog would do me no harm, and the inn being open walked into the bar and gave my order. While I was sipping my grog, my attention was arrested by the conversation of two old men seated in the bar ; and, listening, I dis- covered that one of them was telling the other of his experiences on the very station \- the scene of all I have told you. Passir them the compliment of the night, and in> ting them to join me in a 4 stirrup- cup,' I w immediately on terms of confidence wii them. Submitting my question to him wi appeared the communicative one, I ask< him if his remembrance went so far back to the time when Adams was engaged the as overseer ; and, if so, if he could give n any information concerning him. 'We master,' he replied, 41 did know that the man, and very well, too. I don't mind tel ing it now, but I was 44 a-doing " of it ( that there station (done it long ago--thar 'eaven), and I were there at the very time he got the sack.' ' Do you remember,' said I, * when he brought the girl from Sydney r' ' That I do,' said he, 1 very well ; and a nice gal she were-but, Lord, the goins' on there would 'a made a devil of a hangel. Drinkin' and fightin' nearly always arter a while, the place was a perfect hell. He got jealous of her, poor thing, though there warn't no think in it. Bein' all Grov'ment men, if there 'ad been anythink, he could a 'ad any on us " turned in," without any trouble. Hows' ever, she bolted at last, and he got wuss al'u8 drunk, drunk, drunk : till the cove eventually sent him down to Sydney, glad to get' rid on him. He never seemed like the same chap arter the gal went away ; went moping about, and seemed afeered of everybody. We never heerd what become of the gal ; but we did of him. He went away somewheres up Bathurst way, as a stockman or somethink, on a station ; he warn't long there, howsomever, for ill-luGk seemed to foller him. They said he got drunk one night with some of his mates ; and whether he was a fightin'-or not, I don't know, but late the next day he was found in his hut with his head broke in with a tom my'awk. They put it on to the blacks, and the whole consarn soon blowed over. Air you goin' sir ? won't you 'ave a nip wi' us afore you go-no offence, sir, I 'opes.' I had heard all that I required, and was satisfied ; and bidding my quondam friends good night, I departed. Here, to me, was unmistakeable evidence of that retributive justice in which I ever believed, though the instrument employed was human. And now," said the Old Campaigner, turning to the senior, " I trust you are satisfied too. I have done." The "old man" quietly got up, lit his pipe at the candle, drew on a portion of his clothes, and went outside " for a blow," as he said. He did not return again while we were awake ; but when the morning gun fired he was in our midst, and with the rest of us prepared for the duties of the day. The story he had told us was much com- mented on, during his absence the next day as serjeant of the main-guard ; and the ser jeant-major said he did not know how to repay the " old man " for his very excellent story, except he (the speaker) undertook the next night to sing that verv favourite song of his, " The Pirate of the Isles." 