FROM SCONE TO SYDNEY, VIA WISE- MAN'S FERRY The special reporter of the Herald thus de- scribes his journey by this route:- Curiosity will at times carry people a far way. I have read of some inhabitants of Ver- mont, the greenest of the green, following a waggon miles along a road to discover if the hind wheels would overtake the front ones. Per- haps it was a similar feeling induced me to travel overland from Scone to Sydney. Many times and oft have I heard and read of the Wiseman's Ferry Road, the track that most of our bovine fodder passes over to the Sydney market—the road of difficulties and heartburn- ings to many an old hand in years gone by— men who cursed the work as every reluctant pick stroke fell on the stubborn sandstone of the mountain cuttings. Hard were the times and hard the lines of the poor convict toilers fifty years ago; poor rations and heavy labour throughout the day—the stockade at night. Poor unfortunates, their only hope, the promisedsed " leave ticket;" their greatest dread, the " nine-tailed cat," whioh often took the place of a breakfast relish. Small crimes in those days carried great punishments; a sentence of fifty lashes was, by the giving justice, considered but a mere flea bite—mayhap the suffering recipient thought differently. A road of blood and sweat, and yet withal a useful highway, one that was muchb frequented ere the Northern rail line and Newcastle steamers furnished quicker and more convenient transit. Few travellers save drovers can now be met upon the once favourite track. From Scone to Musclebrook, sixteen miles, I rode along on the main road close to the fences of the rail line all the way. The steam-horse causes sad desolation to the small villages he passes through; in point of business it is ruin to the stores and hostelries along the road, for the " monster" usurps nearly all traffic. The village of Aberdeen furnishes a melancholy in- stance of this,—once a thriving little place full of teamsters each night, horses and bullocks in the accommodation paddocks, and travellers in the inns . The place now looks deserted, houses once tenanted and tidy form targets for the village sohool boys, who try the effect of stones on roofs and windows, many of the latter evi- dence what capital shots the youngsters are. Musclebrook seems to be one of the busiest towns along the Northern line; the eastern and western traffic through it is extensive, and the business people do not grumble, which is a re- markably good sign. From the town I had a ride of about twenty-two miles by bush traoks to Jerry's Plains, a village rather straggling in appearance, siituated in the heart of a splendid pastoral and agricultural country. Looking east from it the view of the River (the Hunter), and the moun- tains beyond, is really charming. Jerry's Plains may be regarded as a roadside village, with a population of about two or three hundred squatters, farmers, and dealers in live stock. The feed around at the time of my visit was really first-class; the paddocks along the river may be considered truly fattening ones, and travelling stock could rest in a far worse place than on the Plains. I now take the cattle road, and seven miles on pass through the small village of Cock- fighters' Creek, a neat little place with a limited population, principally dependant on farming. A steam mill stands on the creek, and in the village the principal building is the Public School, a very neat one on a good site. Six- teen miles over a sandy cleared road brings me to the township of Broke, on the Wollombi Creek. Here I found a mill busy at work, and an industrious but poor farming population. The Church of England does service as a school- room; the attendance is small, and master good. Neither the prospects nor appearance of Broke are at all cheering; indeed I found it as dull a locality as ever I rested in. My road now lay along the Wollombi Brook, through a pretty farming oountry, with home- steads dotted along at every mile or so, and very pretty homesteads some of them are. The road follows the creek, which winds its way through hills. The flats on either side of the stream widen ont at parts, and furnish fine alluvial flats for cultivation. The hills are well timbered; the wattle grows abundantly. Its bark forms a trade for the holders of the oreek properties. Some facetious individuals term this tanning requisite " Wollombi wool. " Convict labour did good service on the side cuttings along the way, and the road is still in a good state of preservation. About twenty miles from Broke I made the town of Wollombi, a substantial, pretty, and prosperous place, within easy dis- tance of Maitland. I did not make any delay m the town, as time was pressing, but short as my stay was, I found much to admire within its precincts. The principal buildings are the churches, neat stone structures, the court-house, and telegraph station. The stores, hoteIs, and private residences are all of a good class, and the business people seem a thriving bustling lot. My next day' stage being a long one, I had to make a push along to the nearest hotel from Wollombi, Daunt's, 5 miles on the road; there I made a halt for the night. A lovely ride of 40 miles across the mountains to Wise- men's Ferry forming anything but a pleasing prospect for the coming morrow, it was with joy I hailed the arrival of two travellers at the hotel who were bound the same way. They seemed glad, and I know I was, for the chance of company; and in the morning with light hearts we pushed along, had breakfast at Mr. Wiseman's (grandson of the gentleman that the road is named after) and as the morning fogs cleared away were at the hill's base. Gra- dually we ascended by a well made road up the side of a mountain spur for about 1000 feet, when the level top was reached, the way than becomes easy enough for horsemen, but rather too sandy for laden drays. The ranges run ir- regularly, still trend to the south, forming a series of zig-zags, or letter S, right along the course. The hill tops are almost bare of grass —what little vegetation does spring out has barely time to display maturity through the stock continually travelling the road. Down the gulches or gullies water can be obtained, and in many places good springs send a clear stream across the track. Distances along are marked by posts; to repeat a joke or bull, all the mile-stones are made of wood. This was a piece of bad judgment, for the timber, now rotten, affords but little chance of deciphering the figures thereon. On about 17 miles we pass Hungry Flat, aptly named, and as bare of grass as the palm of a hand; water is there, however, and it forms a camping ground. My companions and I determined not to dine at the flat, but make a better place ten miles on, boasting the euphonious appellation "Frog's Hollow"—an old stockade. In due time we reached the land of the croakers, a deep dell to the right of the road, descended, hobbled our steeds, and boiled our quart pot. Twenty-seven miles on our journey, and had not met a living thing, with one exception—that was a hen, a deserter from some dealer's coop. One thing we had met with—an appetite; the mountain air is very bracing, and destructive on provisions. Our frugal meal, and spell an hour, and off we were again, on a road becoming more picturesque and interesting every mile. Past Dennis's Pinch, on our left, a spot where a poor convict had to take to the trees for days through native dogs, and we commence to zigzag down, the cut- tings becoming heavier, and huge walls protect- ing the road sides. These culverts and outer walls must have taken many years to complete ; some of them are fully 100 feet from the road's edge to their base. The scenery from the road becomes wild, bold, and magnificent, the Macdonald and Hawkesbury Rivers below, at their junction, calm and placid, guarded by towering and rugged cliffs. Wiseman's Ferry is in sight; on the opposite bank stand the gardens and house once known as Wiseman's, the ruins of a church, and a telegraph station. A monster mast, 90 feet high, from which the wire is stretched across, is a noticeable object, and helps to diversify the scene. Before reaching the ferry, we pass the famous Judgment Seat, a hollowed rock on the left, which forms a natural chamber and canopy ; there, in days gone by, the Justice sat to consider complaints against the " old hands" on the road, and mete out punishments ; the stone steps from the road to the seat are still intact. The punt at last is reached just as the sun is setting, a little exer- cise of the vocal powers brings the boatman across, and in a short time our steeds and selves are afloat. It is a long pull, about a quarter of a mile ; hand worked pumps are not as a rule remarkable for speed ; the Wiseman's Ferry one is by no means a fast one of its class, but still safe. Cattle as a rule, when crossing, swim the stream, the puntman and assistants with boats guiding them to the opposite bank; for the privilege of the bath the owner of the beasts have to pay 3d. per head. This is far too heavy a charge, and causes much grumbling; in fact, many have taken other lines simply to evade the toll. I cannot blame the punt keeper in the matter—the law admits it, and he is bound to make all that law allows. A change might be made in this case for the better ; one penny per bead would be quite sufficient. Wisemen's Ferry was a stirring place two score years ago. Solomon Wiseman then in- habited the house now used as an hotel. To furnish an idea of what the ferry house then was, I take an extract from that useful work, " Reminiscences of Thirty Years Residence in New South Wales," by R. Therry, Esq. Judge Tberry's first circuit was in the year 1830; the Wiseman's Ferry road was then com- pleted—the only one at that time to Maitland. Solomon Wiseman's house was then (if I judge from what it is now) a fine building, with en- trance gates surmounted by a lamp, pillars on each side bearing the Australian Arms in stone ; a fine garden : a large dwelling, granaries and stabling at the back, and all requirements for oomfort and convenience. The stone wall sur- rounding the garden still stands, but the culti- vated patch is going to weeds. Portions of the emu and kangaroo, fine specimens of sculpture, still occupy the gate-posts ; the outbuildings are in a state of ruin—all going to decay ! Wise- man now lies in a vault beneath the stone church hard by, which he himself when in life founded. Report has it that the old house is haunted by the ghost of the former owner Report, I am glad to write, lies under a grave mistake : I slept in tbe mansion, and found no spirits to annoy me, save those dispensed from the bar by the landlord, and they rather cheered mine that were drooping. It is a sad sight, this fine old place crumbling to decay; many a jolly night was passed beneath its roof-tree, for high and low were welcome at all times to bed and board, from tbe Governors down, who used to graoe the festive gatherings of Solomon Wiseman. Seven-and-twenty miles to Windsor, along a road not much cut up by traffic, I made a halt at Mr Arnell's homestead, " Caddai," close to the river. What a scene of flood desolation Windsor district affords—ruins of houses and farms, damaged crops, and shattered hopes. Poor farmers ! struggle how they may, the rushing turbulent waters prove too strong; capital and labour all fall before the angry torrent. It is amazing to a stranger, when standing on high ground close to the Hawkesbury, to hear of spots around being submerged by floods ; yet inspection soon removes his doubts, for there are the marks too plainly to be seen. The deserted houses, washed-down fences, orch- ards laid waste, the trees having been carried down by the stream, all illustrate the tale of truth. There is something to admire, and yet something to censure, in the indomitable per- severance displayed by the farmers of the dis- triot ; truly, it requires patience and courage to set in again on those flood-ravaged patches. Perhaps it would be better to devote the dis- triot to pastoral uses ; many advise the adop- tion of the latter course. It is hard to abandon such a splendid agricultural soil, so good that seven years' immunity from floods is a fortune to the tiller ; but better far to trust no more the treacherous river. From Windsor I reached Sydney by rail, and concluded my north-western trip. 