IN THE BARBER'S SHOP Bf FIGARO. "I have gathered a nosegay of flowers, and there is nothing of toy own but the string that ties them."-MobraNAs?.. 4a?t te ?_wshthat gentlemesi who go Stand-" Bagot's Cowshed' ar's .. . ardly called-would not advertise the fact so prominently on their return. To my thinking there is something excessively nobbish in doing so. The conspicuous wearing of their admission ticket, either attached to a button of the coat or stuck in the band of the hat, is no doubt very convenient whilst on the ground; but thus to flaunt it in the eyes of the public after the course .has been finally quitted, and whilst wending their way homewards through the streets of Melbourne, is in exceedingly bad taste. It gives me the idea that the wearer wishes to proclaim to alltmen, and women too, whom he may meet, "Ah! I'm none of your commori fellows. See, I can afford a ticket for the Grand Stand!" Surely it would be more becoming, on leaving the course, to quietly pocket the badge, and not dangle it osten tatiously, either.to satisfy your own vanity, or excite the envy-or, as in my case, dis gust-of those whose purses may be less plethoric than your own. A respectable ?resident in Prahran was much startled last Saturday by learning, as he " took his wallks abroad," that he had " shuffled offthis mortal coil." The fact (P) of his decease was duly announced in print, and suitably mourned over. Yet there hbe was, still in the flesh, and without any ap parent prospect of speedy dissolution. I am not aware whether he laughed or got angry at this summary disposal of himself, but I believe he had some difficulty incon vincing his friends that he was really in the flesh, and not his own ghost. As the individual in question had.not, if I am correctly informed, been even sick, it is difficult to understand how such a baseless rumour got afloat. Iam unwilling to think that any news-hunter wilfully killed him for the sake of a paragraph-though such things have occurredbeforenow. But one thing is certain, that those who furnish such information-information which is calculated to inflict a good deal of needless pain-ought to be very careful to verify it before giving it publicity. It is all very well to look sharp over news, but it is far better to make sure that your news is correct. There is one thing, however, the "resurrected" individual in question may plume himself on, and that is, he now knows, what so.few are privileged to be come acquainted with, namely, what is said about him posthumously. In this instance the supposed deceased is declared to have been " greatly sadmired for his upright character and generous nature," and to " have left a good name behind him." I am not aware how far these encomiastic phrases are deserved, but am quite willing to believe .they only denote the truth. But to a iiodest man it mist be unpleasant thus to have his virtues trumpeted forth. It is to be hoped that during the time the individual in question remains on earth he will do nothing to prevent such praise being spoken of him after he has really passed away to "that bourne from whence no traveller returns." In the meantime, local news-hunters may learn a lesson of patient forbearance from this grave episode. I believe in early closing. I have always advocated every legitimate agitation for extending the practice of that very good principle. But strong as are my views on the question, I yet:: dissent altogether rom every attempt to forward the cause by rowdy means. I think very meanly of those shopkeepers who refuse to join in any combination for reducing ,the number ;of working hours, and thereby not only over work those in their own employ, but neces sitate the overworking of those who, but for their greediness, would get liberated much earlier. Still, such must be brought to reason by moral means alone. It is alto gether wrong, as was done at Emerald-hill the other evening, to assemble outside a recalcitrant drapers. shop, and, kick up a row by ringing bells, and other unseemly noises. No good will ever be worked in this way, and much evil may ensue. As was the case in the affair I am alluding:to. Reprisals were taken, at which I don't wonder, and the result is a Police Court case, to be settled to-day. , met with a paragraph the other day in a daily journal, referring to a subject which I have frequently advocated-that is to say, the employmmit of prisoners on reproduc tive labour. I know the feeling that exists against what is called bringing " prison" into competition with " free" labour; but I think much of it is prejudice. I never could see any valid reason why criminals should be kept in idleness, or merely at some almost unremunerative kind of labour. The paragraph in question is as follows, and will repay a little thoughtful consider ation:-" The adoption of a system of sentencing prisoners to perform. a given quantity of hard and useful labour instead of a fixed term of detention, irrespective of their industry and reformation, has recently been advocated by Colonel Augustus Croll, late sheriff of London and Middlesex. The principle is indeed partly being acted upon under the ' mark system' of penal servi tude sentences. But Colonel Croll pro poses its extension to the inmates of county and borough.goals. The rateparers, after being robbed, have to pay neary £30 for a year's board and lodging for every prisoner, on the average. Therefore, as well remarked by Mr Tallack in the 'Daily News,' if a thief can make boots, chairs, coats, cloth, or other useful articles, let him be compelled to do so .by all means, both for his own benefit and as some com nnansat:on to the 'niured ratepayers. Says one of the reports of the late race meeting:--"There was a good deal of crushing at the railway on the return trip, the ill-breeding towards ladies that usually distinguishes a Melbourne crowd being very noticable." Rather "rough" that on the Melbourne crowd, but not more so than my experience enables me to say is de served. And it is not to ladies .lone that "ill- breeding" is shown. It has often shocked me to observe the almost utter want of good-breeding shown by Youth to Age in this ill-mannered colonial colony. I havelong come to thinkthat" politeness" is one of the:' lost arts" in Victoria-or at any rate that we, are fast losing it. At home, " when I 'was young and in my teens," the usual inquiry of a rude boy or girl was, "Does your rfather pay the two pence extra at school for your learning ?aners ?" My. impression is that here 0e q(usYo-..? .. l& often be nointless; for observing the very go~ '?rioftiaem, I doubt whether manners ire taugnim.~ many of our schools-either as a part of the ordinary curriculum, or as an extra. In fact, masters cannot impart that which they do not comprehend, and I have seen very few dominies here whom, however clever they may be, I could honestly desig nate gentll7emn-meaning thereby men of polished, gentle manners. Mind you, I am no advocate for servility-for that cringing blandness of demeanour which shows to the most superficial, observer that is is merely veneer and polish. I would rather have roughness than that. But there is a wide difference betweensuch conduct and the genuine politeness that leads youth to say "Yes, Sir," or "No, Sir." when ad dressed; "Thank you," when given any thing; or to sacrifice its own convenience if thereby it can promote that of its seniors. Herein it is that colonial children, as a rule, are so sad!y lacking. And there is no reason why politeness should not be more practised. It is easy of acquirement costs nothing-and smooths many a rough angle in life. And when it is exercised, I give you my word it is usually appreciated. I was riding home late one evenine recently in a waggonette, the other occupants of which were a gentleman slightly the worse for liquor, and what I took from his talk and his carrying a saw to be a labouring man with his young son. The gentleman wished to get out, but found some difficulty in unfastening the door of the trap. Whereupon the workman undid it for him, and was rewarded with a kindly, genial "I thank you." Thereupon followed this dia logue:-Workman-" That's a gentleman, though he is a bit tight." Boy-" How do you know ?" Workman-" How do I know ? Why, because he said 'Thank you.'" Boy-" Oh!" Workman.-" You inay say' Oh' but I tell you if he hadn't been a gentleman he wouldn't have said so. A true gentleman is always polite. When any one thanks you for a trifling favour you may be surehe 'has been well brought up." The workman was right; and therein consists the difference between a "gentle man" and a " gent." I was exceedingly glad to learn that the new Mayor of Melbourne invited his suburban brother Mayors to his inaugural banquet. The innovation was a graceful one-only less so than that initiated a few years back of inviting the 'ladies. I trust succeeding City Mayors:will keep up the custom; and whenever Mayoralbanquets are given in the suburbs, that the compliment will be returned. On this first occasion of dining officially in the City, it gratified me to notice that the task of replying to the toast of "The Suburban Municipalities" was devolved on the worthy Mayor of St. Kilda. I'wasn't there, but I am told Mr Murray was "all there," being quite equal to the occasion. Mr Service wishes to be allowed to keep a pig. At least, I assume as much from his writing to the St. Kilda Council ob jecting to a bye-law being passed prevent ing his doing so. From this I draw the inference that Mr Service likes pork and bacon. So do I. And in view of the dis closures which have from time to time been made public as to the filthy food on which many pigs are fed prior to being trans formed into pork, I don't wonder at Mr Service, or any dne else who has the con venience, preferring to grow his own to purchasing it from the butchers. Pigs are not the most cleanly animals in the world, I admit, and the keeping of them in densely-populated localities should not be permitted. But I see no reason why any one who can keep them so as not to be a nuisance to their neighbours should be prevented from doing so. Therefore I consider the St. Kilda Council may wisely consider Mr Service's protest. If they do so, I think they will be able to discover means to put down pig-keeping which would prove a nuisanco, whilst allowing it under conditions that would not annoy anybody. Captain Kenney's baths are being ex 'teded, and the Victoria Yacht Club made Williamstown its head-quarters for its first cruise on the Prince of Wales' birthday. If the St. Kilda people like this very prac tical illustration of cause and effect I shall be much surprised. Mr Smith Ellis has been appointed to be the Manager (vice John Craven whose term of office has expired) of the portions of the Brighton, GUardinel's Creek, Dandenong, and Elsternwick roads proclaimed common toll roads underOrders in Council of 28th December 1863, 8th February and 80th March 1864, and 24th October, 1870. The deaths in Prahran during the month of September were 26, classified thus :-15 males, 11 females, 11 under and 15 over five years of age, number to every 1000 of population 167. In St. Kilda the deaths were 8, clussified as follows:-4 males, 4 females, 2 under and 6 over five years of age, number to every 1000 of populatidn "81. We understand (says the Age) that the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail way Company have reconsidered the terms on which they are willing to sell their lines to the Government. and have decided not to accept less tllhu 50 per cent. advance of the present market prices of the shares in Melbourne and London. The latest quotation on the London Stock Exchange was £56, and buyers in Melbourne are not willing to give more, but the company demand £75. This, on 10,694 shares, would make £802,050, which, added to the debentures, namely, £444,600, would make the total amount £1,246,650, or only £72,590 less than their original offer. The height of the river has somewhat in terfered with Upper Yarra aquatics during the past week, owing, probably to rain at the sources of the river. 