LITTLE COO-COO. A Tale of the Indian Mutiny. PHOH BKI.IIHAVIA.J j (conol.usion.) CHAPTER III.— THE STORM BURSTS. I crept hack to the room where poor Estelle was now tossing, fever-stricken, on my bed, and met j Fred in uniform, with hissword on, commgout. He shook my hand, pointed silently to his wife, and passed on. I entered, and snt down beside Dr. O'Brien, but we spoke not a word. Soon we heard the bugle sound for parade, then the measured tramp of men and the trot of the cavalry, and then the bands struck up merrily a lively quick step (the Dead March would have been more iu unison with the state of our hearts). After what seemed to us a long interval, the music ceased ; there was a dead silence, broken by a few ringing words of command ; then silence again, for an instant only, and then a curions rattling sound, followed by the noise of many feet running swiftly down the road. Dr. O'Brien put his hand quickly to his breast, wliilo I, with a ghastly face, felt in my pocket for that tiny bottle which might prove a welcomo friend to poor Estelle and mc ; then he went to the window, looked out (the steps were now far off on the road to Caivupore, not coming nearer' as wc at first feared), and gave a long sigh of relief. "Thank God, Mrs. Jiurgoyne, it has suc ceeded ! " What " it " wa3 I did not know then, but I took comfort from the hopefulness of his tone, and, the long strain over, wept like a child. I had often laughed at the, worthy doctor and made fun of his brogue, but I doubt if the purest Tuscan would havo sounded sweeter in my ears than his broad Cork accent did at that moment. In half an hour my husband and Fred returned with beaming faces, and I then knew, for the first time, . how they hod gone forth this morning literally with their lives in their hands. Colonel Rose, u man whose name, a few weeks later, rang through the length aud breadth of India, and for whose loss all England mourned, had planned and executed a scheme which, for its rare pluck and matchless daring, has rarely been excelled, and circumstance.: incidental -v favored the carry ing out of that scheme, without affording tho guilty parties the slightest cause to think them selves suspected. A " hurra (great) parade" had been ordered to take place on tho morning of tho intended outbreak, and of this fortunate circum stance the Colonel took advantage. The artillery, their three guns loaded with grape (this fact, however, being known only to the gunners), were drawn up, facing the two disaffected regiments, and close to the place where Colonel Rose with his staff, mounted, were standing. To the right were our gallant 183d, and to tho left the irre gular cavalry, whose fidelity was .is yet anything but certain. The tainted regiments first marched past, their bands playing and colors flying. They were a fine-looking set of men, and to look at them, no one would have thought that in their midst that day black sedition and hideous murder lurked. They went through several manteuvres, finally drawing up in lino for hedge firing; anil it was now time for the cavalry and artillery to join in. Quick as lightning the Colonel dis mounted, and going up to tho nearest gun took a lighted fuse from the hand of the gunner who served it, and with it in his right hand, ready to apply in a second, his left leaning on the gun, Be gave the order, in bis loud clear ringing tones, to "pile arms." There was silence for one se- A somewhat similar exploit was performed by General John Nicholson, ride Kaye's Lives of Indian Officers, cond, and -then— tho Sepoys of tho suspected corps, completely off their guard, and struck stupid with amazement at tho unexpectedness of the order, threw down their weapons, tore ' off their cross-belts, and in two minutes after both regjmonts were rushing poll mell. in dire con fusion, down the Cawnpore road. Seven troopers of tho cavalry followed their example, and put ting spurs to their horses galloped after them ; the others hold their ground, and as the last re treating footsteps died away in tho distance, there rose from the ranks of the English regiment cheer after, cheer, which wore taken up by a neighboring echo and repeated aguin and again. Such cheers, tho unburdening of hundreds of hearts, the hearts, many of them , of husbands aud fathers, which had brooded for weeks past silently over a danger which all recognised, but which from its insidious and hidden nature they bad been until then helpless to grapplo with. The cavalry remained immovable until this de monstration wasover, and tlieu old MoraSiugliand another trouper left their places in the ranks, and approaching tho Colonel, salaaming profoundly, bogged to assure him, on the part of the whole I regiment, that those whose fathers or them selves had, many ol them, fought under the English at Chillianwalla or Sobraon were not now about to prove unfaithful to their salt, and that as for those seven recreant troopers, the curses of the whole regiment, whose "abroo," or honor, they had taken, went with them, aud they would surely come to ill. This declaration of allegiance the Colonel ac cepted in brief well-chosen words, promising that the behavior, of tho regiment should not fail to be reported by him to higher authorities. As he remounted his horse, there burst forth another hearty English cheer, aud I doubt if tbero were a man present that day who would not willingly have followed his lionbearted loader there and then to meet death, ay in its most appalling form. Such was the talc my husband and jjbstollc's had to tell, and what I felt on hearing it I need I scarcely say. But there was more to come. I "Mr. Burgoyne," said Fred, "of all black hearted villains, that servant of mine whom you | so disliked is tho blackest." I "What, Alladcen?" said I, not ono whit sur- prised. " Yes," he replied ;" he was one of the chief ringleaders of the mutiny which we have juBt quelled. Thank God ho has been arrested, and with several others will be blown from a gun to morrow morning." " Fred, Fred," I cried, a thought striking me, "is it not likely that AlJadeen may he at the bot tom of the child's disappearance ? For God's sake raako him speak before it is too late ! If that poor girl be not relieved from her agonising suspense, and that soon, I verily believe it will kill her." Till that moment I think ho had almost for gotten his wife and his own bitter sorrow; but then, looking up with an expression of helpless grief that I have only seen once in a strong man's face, thank God, ho bowed his head on his hands, and great scalding drops trickled through his fingers. I loft him, for I Know things must have gone hard indeed with Fred W ilson, _ that, lie, the great muscular Saxon, Bhould cry like a woman. When I returned, he was himself again, nnd preparing to visit the guard-room where Alla- aeen was confined. " Pray God yon may be able to givo us good news on your return !" I said. "Pray God I may!" he replied solemnly, wringing my hand. It was lato ere he came back, and Estelle had fallen into a deep quiet sleep, which induced us to hope for the best If we only bad good tidings to give her when she woke ! And this Fred seemed to think would be the caso. He hod seen Alladen, and the man had at first pre served a | sullen silent; but when questioned closely and told at the same time that pardon for him was quite out of the cuestion, and that to-morrow he must die, he had at last admitted that ho know what had become of the child, but would impart his information to nouc but Estelle. He was told it was impossible for ber to sec him, as she was seriously ill. Very well, he said; then lie would die without telling any one if he could not sec her. _ Cool and composed as ever he was, with death staring him in the face. Again they expostu lated with him, still with the same success, until, half frantic, Fred left him, and between us it was arranged, with Dr. O'Brien's consent, that should Estelle be better in the morning, as we trusted she would, the prisoner, by Colonel Rose's permission, should bo brought and con fronted with her, as anything would be preferable to being left in everlasting ignorance of the child's fate. All night we watched beside her, and still she slept, never stirring. At daybreak she awoke, just as Fred was anxiously bending over her. " Cheri," she said softly, "clieri. ' And then we knew alio was safe. It seemed a cruel thing to remind her so abruptly of her sorrow, but what could wc do ? It was the only hope that remained ; she gladly consented to see Alfadeen, and breathlessly we awaited his arrival. At seven o'clock he came, guarded by four Europeans, a sergeant and three privates.. They led him, heavily-ironed, into Estelle's uom, and stood— they dared not leavo him— two on eithor side. At sight of him Estelle shook violently and turned very pale; but commanding herself resolutely, she sat np in bed, bulling on by the curtain, and cried hoarsely : " Speak, and tell me what you have done with my child 1" — And he spoke; but to me it was more like the hissing of a serpont than a human voice. " What have I done with your child ? And why should you think I took your child ? For revenge, because you, a woman, laughed at my beard ? Psha, that woqjd be a poor revenge; to hide your child, and then restore her that you might love her a hundred times better tuan before ! Nay, that is not revenge. I have her not, but I know where she is and will tell you; but first let me give you a little present she has sent you." And with a devilish expression on his face he fumbled with his manacled hands in tho " kumrnerbund," or waist-cloth, which he wore. The sergeant sprang forward, suddenly remem bering that, through some culpable negligence or oversight, they omitted to search their prisoner, and that now perhaps lie might he in possession of some deadly drug or weapon wbarewith to make away with himself, or to do some injury to Estelle. "Here," said Alladeen, pointing to a small parcel which lay hidden amidst tho massive folds of his girdle; " it is neither pistol nor poison; you left me no time for either : hut if you are afraid, hand it to the Madam Sahib youraelf," Eagerly Estelle stretched forth her hand, and the sergeant gave tho packet into her trembling little fingers. I shall never forget that scene. The rough soldiers, with whom " the little missy" had been a great pet, sympathising with the mother, kept solemn silence as she untied the knot which kept the parcel together, while the Mussulman, standing (erect between his guard, stately anil handsome, watched her intently with a curious smile playing about the corners of his mouth. Tho packet was well secured in three covers; first a linen one, then a wax cloth such as is UBsd by the natives to protect their correspondence from damp during the rainy season, then paper with cotton inside. As fast as her hands would allow her, Estelle tore away eaeb successive wrapper. When she came to the last one, an indescribably faint sickeniP" disused itself through the room, she alone being to-o excited to pertelve it, and wa all started to our feet. Too lato; for with a smile on her face, wondering _w hat her child had sent her, she drew forth two tiny bine shoes, a fairy pair of Bilken stockings, and, 0 horror of horrors, tho mutilated re mains of two little feet severed above the ai lkle. Then, to break tho dead silcnco which had prc- vsiilcd iu tho room, came a burst of awful in dignation from the throats of thoso fivc.English- rui in. l'rod apraug over tho bed and clutched Al ladccu by tho throat, aud in five minutes more hot i' Majesty's government would have been saved a « barge of powder, bad tho soldiers not iutcr- fer od. 1 ' You forgot, air," said tho old sergeant re- spe ctfully, when Fred's iron grasp had been rc- iuo ved, " the man is my prisoner under sentence of death, and I am responsible for bis safe custody." Then they led him off ; but when he reached tb e door ho looked back with his old imperturbable' ai r, and said, " I would havo died twenty deaths, t j see the English inadam look as she does now. J ill, it was a noble revenue I" They placed their hands on his mouth, aud, shuddering, hurried him away; and half an hour 1 after, the vulture aud the jackal were free to banquet undisturbed on tho mangled remains, if they could find them, of this arch traitor and consummate fiend. 1'le died, as he had livedo careless aud immovable to the last, secure, as lit. fearful creed taught him, of admission to tho " regions of the blost." When the door had closed behind him, for trie first few minutes wo could neither rf us sp'iak for hoiror; then wo thought of Estelle, hoping that she had at least mercifully fallen i'lto a state of unconsciousness of her misery. IVucon- seious of it she was, poor soul, but in a different way to what wc had looked for. She was sitting up in bed, playing with anil crooning over tho ghastly relics of her bright beautiful child, stroking her face with them, and chuckliug tn> .herself as she tied the dainty shoes on the poor 1 ittje dead feet. " Ah," she screamed iu h er nativo tongue, "ilstovont hied n'cstfco pas, ma ime? and then would como a burst of awf ul daughter which inado our very blood run col d. Dr. Nowton was sent for, and was apprchcusi fo of an attack of brain-fever, and all that night i ro watched by her wiiilo she tossed about in rcstlc ss fitful slumber; but fovorsho had nono. WL in day dawned, we knew tho truth. The mentaJ shock, acting on a frame already enfeebled 'a; t sorrow and sickness, had beon more than slii : could bear, and reason had left our bel.ovct I . Estelle, it was feared forever. . Tho pour little remains, all that was loit of ot e darliug, the sweet fairy child who had boon m very sunbeam to us all, were buried in conss - crated ground, close to tho spot where poor Mrs . Vanco lay. Not there— it would have seemed : a mockery— hut insido tho little station church a fair white marble monument was erected : " In memory of Antoinette Marie, only chi 3 d of Frederick Wilson, Lieutenant in her Majost y's 133d Regiment of Foot, and of Estello M ir- guerite his wife, who was barbarously murdc. red in June ISfi?, aged four years and five month b." chapter iv.— sunshine t1ikouoh the clol' ids. A short time afterwards, whon the station bad been put in a state of defenco in case of a : isit from the insurgents, all the women nnd child tren having taken refiigo in a small fort close by, anxiously awaiting tho reinforcements for wj ,jcR the Colonel had applied, a messenger arc ;vcd .post baste from the General commanding the division before Delhi, ordering Colonel R se to proceed there at once with the 133d, an d all available troops ; tho women, children, ai id in valids. among the latter General TP.Wann sent in charge of a detachment to, Calcuttj ; and Feringheabad, iu fact, to be evaluated. ' After heartbreaking farewells, and weary journoyings through many perils, we -rived safely in the City of Palaces. There we re. mnined until the close of the mutiny, and there > we welcomed back tho little remnant of o'nr- gallant regiment which shot and shell and. pest i-- enco had spared. Many there wore to wb onn those farewells, spoken with bursting heart -xmM swimming eyes, proved eternal ones. Among- them was our brave Colonel, who Imd. latterly been appointed to the command of a brigade at Delhi. In storming a breach with his. accustomed gallantry, ho placed himself, consiiicuots by his tall fine figure and kinelv bearing Vit. wno «„;,i ,.t hiin that he was a man born to rule), at the head of his men. A perfect hail of bnUets and grape from the enemy a batteries was whining around them, and the ranks were thinning fast. The men regarded the undertaking as a forlorn hope and so indeed it was, and for a second they hesitated and censed to advanco. Then Rose sprang forward, and obtained a footing on a portion of the bastion, waved tho men on with his sword. It was the last time, bis stately well- known figure was ever seen by many -f them, for at that moment a rifie- ball from one of the enemy's shniy-snootcra passed clean through his lungs, and lie fell mortally wounded into the arms of one of his sergeants. And as he fell a shout of triumph went forth from the hostile . force, for they know tho English had lost a grea< ; leader. The old sergeant laid his chief tender! « down for an instant, and, raising his rifle, tl ,« man who had deprived tho army of John Ro TH life paid for it with his own, hut, ah me, it v » , a sorry exchange. He lingered on in ter>d6/lo agony until evening, but no word of complti nor moan of pain escaped that brave man's li s- in bis death.throcs, lest those other sufferers: w lay around him in tho hospital tent, thoso »)ess sorclv wounded than himself, should hear 'him and bo discouraged. As the darknes cl osed around, and tho "cease firing" was sou' ailed through tho British lines, a smile stole ovev,- bis face, and the friend who watched beside hini bent down to catch the worcU he was striving h/ard to j utter; they were words of lovo and comfort 6: r his poor old widowed mother in England t > „ mother who hail to weep for two other sons a!-,. in that awful rebellion. Then ho turned bia >. ( wearily away, and the light that ncvor wa' j on sea or shore shone on John Rose's brow, a s yielded up his great soul to the God wbc / i., J made it to be so loving, so beloved. His a 1. lone and solitary enough, m a' spot- n»ar the Cashmere Gato ; but his real tomb ir i„ fi.a hearts of the English men and womon, v/ho knew his worth as a commander and as a f'.'iend aud who loved him too well ever to be 'reminded of him by the fulsome eulogies of monumental i marble. Estelle had never recovered her reason, and had been, on arrival at Calcutta, sent home t Brittany under careful guardianship. Rho w very quiet usually, and gave little trouble. 1 the sight of a child at once brought on one "\f +u old maniacal paroxysms. Such was the ««„,.!!? Fred's mother wiote of her. - "unt When India was restated to qurptnpa , peace once more, my husband, who? e 'Sl lna ere&lyshattercd; by wounds andrivS0 1 Fred Wilson, poor fellow, before Dsllri, obtained furioug'n t« EnrebT with thankful hearts we took P. and O. steamship CyruT p 2 " tLe were all of us too ilP to lcav our cabins for lT' 1 sea was very high and r.earIj eVery onV in W Jf suffered severely from mat mcr ('hat r "irf sounds a trifle less repugnant than tho othr "aDle As soon as I was afo 1 crawle _" -u be of the kencbssfelK i a atoused suddenly b«'the fan>i'iiar« j i child's voice, a voice I inewfc n so w«h t j rubbed my eyes and tried har$ \Q PersrJaae self that I was asleep and dreaming, but no, i was wide awake ; and there, standing hosiuio me, in broad daylight, in tho Kay of Bengal, her golden hair floating in tho_ breeze, hor bltue eyes laughing at me, her ro3y_lip3_ parted as if t»o speak, was tho living breathing image of littfio Coo-Coo! . I thought of all the ghastly stories I ha-1 Teaa. of the apparition known as the " radiant child., ' of wraiths, of spirits of murdered pcorio .appear ing to those dear to them; they nil sooincd "to cross my brain in a single moment; and then- — 0 my materialistic reader, don't be too bard. 'ou me— think on my weak state, and all thcsulTeriug 1 had omlnred, and don't laugh when I tall you that I wentolf in a dead faint. When I jre- covered, it wa3 to find my husband bonding over me. " It was no spirit you saw, my love.' bo siral, " but our own little (Joo-Coo in the flesh, resto.T :d to her father's arms by aTuerciful Providence.'' And so in truth it was, and I need scarcely sa.v much amusement was excited among botii passengers and crow by the story of " Mrs. Bur-- goyno'a ghost." The child, it appeared, had, some months previously, been brought to> tho houso of a Mr. Malcolmson, a wealthy civilian living at Garden Roach, by a native Mussulman woman. Slio told him that tlio littlo one, as ho would find on washing tho coloring from her faco and linir, was a European child. It had been given into her ennrgo at tho commencement of tbo mutiny by her husband, whoso name was Sheik Alladeen, and ho had sent bar and the child, dressed in native clothes and disguised, from Feringhoabad, milos and miles away, to a village on tlio Hooghly, where- his brother lived, threatening hor witli death, should she ever divulge tho littlo thing's paren tage. Sho horself did not know her husband's motive in so acting, but from fear sho would havo kopt tho secret. However, nows reached her that ho was dead, had been hung or shot as a routineer, sho bo'ieved ; and as sho was a very poor woman and tho child a great expense V > her, she resolved to go to the nearest magistrate , who happened to lie Mr. Malcolmson, and lay her case bofore him. Tho good old man re ceived the child, and tried unsucccsfully to dis cover her relatives. I'oar Coo-Uoo bad forgotten, her father's name, having been taught, with many menaces, to call herself by tho nntivo one of " Luchmeo." Advertisements were in serted in the two principal Indian newspapers, but none of us saw them, so of course they > re mained unanswered ; and even bad we noticed them, I doubt wliethor tlioy woulr'l have excited our attention, its wo should novo;" have dreamt of connecting tho lost child of tho Hooghly village with our darling, whom wio only thought of as safe in heaven. Mr. Malcolmson, being on tho ovo of departure for England, at last determined to adopt Coo- his own mind that her parents ba u perished in ono or other of tho great massacres;. Tho curious _part of the story was that he Bltould havo en gaged berths in the very ship winch was taking the little girl's father away from, tho only place where any trace of hor could ever; havo bef-u dis covered. Tbo kind ol.l civilian, whose wile and children lxad long been dead, an 3 who had bc- -como greatly attached to the b-rony woe_ waif, was ovorjoyo'd at being tbo mcan.-s of restoring the stray lamb to the fold where her loss had been so sorely mourned. The only consideration that now' remained was, whb 'her the restoration of hor child would pro duce afY good c fleet on Estollo's mental condition. At Fred's" earuost request, wo accompanied him to his mother's homo in Brittany indeed I don't know how could havo dcclinei I doing so, for Ooo-Coo, v/iifui us ever, utterly re fuse l to lcavo me, wo having renewed all our oli I friendship on, the voyage, T/io chateau waB a quoer rambb ug ,old; place, so largo that there was littlo fear of tlio child and her mother coming into collision before tho pro per time, for as yet wo wore all afraid to break the nows to tbo latter j indeed, tbo doctor who visitod her would not hear of its being done. Estollo's rooms wero on the w-ist side of tlio olv I castlo, overlooking a sort of jiartorro orplo.v Bannco, in which sho sometimes walked; and there she always remained, never visiting any ether part of tlio houso. Coo-Coo 'a nursory was on the north sido, and hor " bonne " had strict orders on no account to permit the child access Ito tbo rooms or gardens in tho west wing. On my first visit to Estello, sho know mo at onco, but received mo as though wo had never beoa p.trted ; tho samo with nor husband, and mine. Sho was very calm and peaceful now, although fnmilo»»nd delicate-looking; in fact, theonlysymp- tolSs of." mental disturbnuco which remained wero her total sbliviousnoss of all connected with her Indian life 'she sceniod not to know that sba bal ever boon JUtt fif Brittany : how sho accounted for our acquainLinctf,. I cannot concoivo) and lier intense aversion to children, of whom she had always been particularly fond. Ontheso two subjects i uovor touched, on all others alio conversed rntiou'jj' pleasantly. The village doctor who atteni d Estolle, giving her nothing more noxious than' tisanes— powor- Rcss to kill or euro— begged ub o.t no account to lot lib pationt see her child. " Sh <5,la th® victim of monomania, and will do tho petii® ' at least such is my opinion," said the little man, shrugging his shoulders. " I trust to you, Mitdamo Buroyno, to prevent it ; these bonnes are si botes, «t betes 1 " , I should toll you, by tho byo, that Ooo- Coo had by no means forgotten hor mother; she continually asked mo where " inatuan was, for she had now discarded Hindustani for trench, and I had to tell tho most shocking fibs on tuo subject. She had also found a very good likeness of Estello in lior grandmother's room, and insisted on having it hung ovor her own bod, and saying iher prayers to it every night. You can fancy my horror when, sitting with J&tello; ono day in the prettv old-fashioned uipper-room overlooking tbo tlower-gardon, I Biladenly overnoard two voices, a child s and a servant's, raised in hot dbpute ; and boforo 1 cott'd leave my seit, the garden door was pushed violently open, and Miss Coo-Coo, followed by liorfcivorite whito poodlo puppy, Fleur-de-Lys, danced in triumph a saraband over old Joan the gardener's most cherished flower-beds, pursued bv that injured domestic in a state of exceeding perspiration and wrath. Round anil round the beds he chwed hor, uttering maledictions, and calling upon all the saints in tho calendar for help but the child's sturdy legs did her far ihetter sorvico than poor old Jeans gouty ones Olid him, aud, for tho nonce, she escaped, lhe old gardener wont to fetch the bonne, aud my lady then began to play at ball with her puppy, toeaug him into a cluster of magnificent carna tions, until all their heads were broken from tlio stalks. AH this time Estello had grown paler and paler ; now bIio lifted her heat, and. a gleam shot out of her dark eyes which made me tremble, not for my self but for tho child, lhon, her hands clenched, her face working, s!'f roae wout quickly to the window, just as the last car- nation had been guillotiuad. I followed rather -.rashly, for as Coo-Coo stood looking out for some fxesh mischief, sho suddonly spied we, and, heigh .ires to, sho left the garden, ran u through the oOen window on tho ground floor, and now her little feat were coming pattonug up stairs. What was to bo dono ? Our as open,; and \- could not bo fastened, m only that dock had been rcmoveu for repair; and in au. ' necond tho child wouM be in the room. I caught Bstelle round the waist and forced her into a chair ; a moment more and tho little one trotted in, her pinafore fall of scarlet blossoms, " 0, Madame Burgoyne," she began,' ' j ai de jolis fleurs pour toi ; tnais le vieux Jean comment ll grogno 1 " when she paused at tho pale angry face beaiilo mo , aud dripping flowers, puppy, and everything else, she flew to Estellc s side, and flung her little arms round her mothers neck, crying, "0, niaman, jo t'ai trouve, je t'ai trouvo 1 ' At sound of tho voice aud the Damo, Estello showed no more anger, but gently detaching the child's arms from her neck, sho looked at her and then at me, and said quietly, " Who is she ? I was silent, and the poor little thing an swered, "I am Coo-Coo, dear mother, your own littlo CooCoo." " Nay," said Estello sadly, and I thought I had never seen her eyes look so mild or natural since her illness ; " there was onco a child called Coo-Coo, but sho is with the angels. Go away, my dear, go and play ! " Tho poor littlo girl could not, of course, com prehend tho scone before hor, but she was awe struck and frightened, and felt that she had been slighted; so, sitting down on tho floor beside Es tulle and hiding her face in her mother's dress, sho cried as if her littlo heart would break. Then some old chord — who shall say how ? — in tho mother's heart was touched, aud sho stooped down and, raising tho littlo ono, took her to ner bosom, and then, knowing Bhe was, safe, I gently closed tlio door behind mn and went out, leaving hor softly weeping. L'Esvoi. Only tho otbor day I paid them all a visit in that Bame old chateau. Estello is but littlo changed, savo that hor figure is roundor and plumper, aud there is a thread or two of silver tu her still luxuriant hair; her oyes are as bright aud her face as sweet as they wero fifteen years ago, and, to look at her, no one would guess wbat terrible suffering the vivacious littlo woman had piusod through. Sho is a t fond and proud as ever of her " grossoldat," us she now calls Fred, who cortainly has grown a trillo stouter of lato. Ho left the army long ago and has taken to farm ing, which lie appears to enjoy. At first ho felt the loss of his arm, fortunately tho left one, acutely; but, as be himself said, " it was almost worth tho loss of an arm to find oneself looked up to as a hero by men aud women — especially tho women !" And Coo Coo— the pet, tlio darling— tho cause of all tho griovous trouble which I havo dwelt on iu this story — Coo-Coo, as they still call her, Antoinette as she calls herself, is now a lovely young maiden, bright-eyed, golden-haired, and— shall I say it ? — wijful as of old, her mother and graudinothor's idol, tho prido of that quaint old Breton village, her father's loft arm, as ho laughingly calls hor. More than that, sho is an hoiress in her own right, for old Mr. Malcolmson, who died about two years ago, loft hor solo residuary legatco of his vorv handsome fortune. She is coming to visit us in London next autnmu, and I must invest in at least one big stick where with to keep oft' fortune-hunters, for " none but oiigibles neod apply." Not au eligible in the ordinary sense of tho word, mark you, but ono who will tako her and guard her and cherish her, as her father will cherish her mother, until his life's end. The Tillotsons you may see any day in Chel tenham. Tho General stayed too long in India- just that " ono year more which kills so many veteraus— and then retired upon a small ad ditional pen.tion, a torpid liver, and a paralytic stroke. Ho has partially recovered trom tho latter illness, and is wheeled about in a bath- cliair, finding bis chief solaeo iu running down the wliolo British army and exalting the native one. I'oor old Margery ! she lias a bad timo of it with her General; and she sometimes quakes in her shoes lest ho should ever hear of the part sho took in deuuding bim of tho authority which, had he oxorciscd it, would unquestionably have added another massacre to the blosd-stained annals of 1857. . . Dr. O'Brien, you will be happy to hear, is in full enjoymont df health, and a property situa ted, as described by himself, " in Oiroland, a nate little placo in the bogs ;" where one day he very nearly mistook a Fouian for a snipe. And now, my dears, farewell. You imposed a painful task on aunt Eleanor when you asked her to write out tho story of little Coo-Coo ; for as sho writes there spring around her bitter memories of that terrible time which England cau never forget, wlion tho blood of strong men and tenderly-nurtured women, tho babo of a week old and the child who played at his mother's knee, wa3 mingled together in ono great holocaust, iu tho name and for tlio glory of tli03# hideous fotishes, thoso aboininablo Mumbo- Jumbos, which Brahmin and Mussulman alike call faith and religion. And as tho lost words fall from my pen, there rises, as if by magic, before me a great cloud of familiar faces; some of them dearly loved, others deeply revered. Oue of them is a sweet girlish faco, with tho deep blue eyes and raven hair of tho sister island. Ah, my littlo Norah, when I walked with you through the green Wicklow fields, when I sat with you on one of the old tombstones in your father's pretty churchyard, wondering when our turn would come to lie peacefully in " God's Acre," little did I think that tbo final rosting- Elaco for your young head would he, with other eads young and fair, and others old and gray, sido by sido in unhallowed sepulture in that awful Cawnporo woll. And another is a fair boyish faco; a " mother's boy," with honest bright oyes aud chesnut curls. The cyea wore dim, and the curls dark enough, when thoy carried him from tho Bailey Guard, with a bullet through bis brave young heart. And another still : a peaceful man'B face ; very noble, very calm, for he was ono who feared not death. So may it havo looked when thov laid him down to rest in that spot near tho Cashmere Gato ; so will it look, but nobler far, whon J see it again in the great hereafter. Novor on earth — never on this earth again ; for ns I gaze I know that every face in that cloud is tho face of a saint and martyr : and that if I ever be permitted t j press in joyiul welcome the hands which wore Fast oxtended to mo, in ovorlasting, sorrowful farewell, it must bo in the hotter land, in the far-off mansions whore all is " perfect peaco." " Dccn ! Dcon I (" For our faith I") was the war- cry of the Mussulman portion of tho rebel army. 