y'1!?.!1^'1 - - — ? — *~~ ~ — ——————— — — — — _ _— _______ DIOCESE OF BATHURST. (From our Correspondent.) ? , 0?f Thursday last our good city witnessed a sWht never before -equalled in Bathurst. Your readers, no doubt, have all seen the advertise-, inent in your columns intimating that on the day above-named a special train would convey to lia'lan the prelates who were to be present at the° formal openiug of St. Stanislaus' College. From an early hour the people were seen wend in(f their way towards the station, from every point of the compass. All descriptions . of vehicles, from the buggy to the' carriage, were pressed into the service, and those who could not manage to secure, by hiring, begging, ov borrowing, traps . for the occasion did the next best thing— viz., they char tered some of Cobb and Co. 'a large coaches. The day was 'bitterly cold, and yet the people turned out in numbers, respectability, and equipment far in excess of what might be reasonably expected. True, our venerated Bishop never yet appealed to his people without meeting the mosb cheerful, hearty response ; but the response on Thursday last was the most imposing I ever observed here. At the appointed hour the smoke of the eugine was aeen iu the distance by tho, persons placed on points of observation, and instantly the order of the procession was begun. ' The gentlemen of the committee charged with that duty formally waited on their lordships the moment the train arrived, and bade them cordial welcome on behalf of the citizens. Two carriages, with four magnificent greys in each, were in waiting for the , bishops, and immediately after the formal part of the proceedings was ended their lord ships entered them and were driven towards Bathurst, the immense gathering of equestrians aud vehicles .following in the rear in properly arranged order. The number of people present lias been variously estimated ; but as I took aoine trouble to approximate to a certainty, I can safely state that the number was not far short of 3000. This may appear a large proportion for a city whose population is not much in excess of 6000; but when 1 state that we had in that monster gathering men from Orange, Vittoria, Sofala, Wattle Fiat, Rockley, Trunkey, aud all the Catholic settlers from George's Plains, Evana Plains, and other centres of population, the number present will not appear extravagant. The following bishops arrived by the special train, viz : — Dr. Quinn of Brisbane, Dr. Lanigan of Goulburn, Dr. Murray of Maitiand, Dr.Oj'Mahony of Armidale, and tke Bishop of Bathurst. The Very Rev.. Dr. Forrest of St. John's College, Father Dillon of Camden, Fathers Kirk and Dalton, and several lay gentlemen from Sydney —amongst whom we observed Messrs. Duncan, Thomas Butler, Kubie, 0 'Donovan, Heydon, and Dr. Gilhooley accompanied the bishops. The children belong ing to the schools, .male and female, together with the students of 'St. Stanislaus' College, met' the procession at the Vale Bridge^ and then preceded, with banners and other emblems, the cortege. The Eev. John M 'Auliffe who had the trouble of organizing the whole affair, and whose masterly management elicited unbounded applause, walked at the head of the children. On ncaring the cathedral, an immense concourse of people of all denominations was collected there, awaiting with the natural expectancy of sight-seers the arrival of the procession. The joy-bells from early morning kept up their sounds of jubilation to the very moment when their lordships alighted from the carriages. The choir was in full array, supplemented by several amateurs from the otherchurch.es — and, iu one word, everything was done, in all con ceivable ways, to show the depth and pro fundity of love we owe and all bear towards our venerated bishop. The Te Deuni having been chanted, the following address was read l)y Mr. W. Gr. Stephens :— To the Lord Bishops of Brisbane, Maitiand, Goulburn, and Arniidale. 'May :i.t i'Lhask voub Lordships,— We, the Catholics of Bathurst, feeling highly honoured by the presence of so many distin guished prelates,' and aware of the many and great inconveniences which must necessarily attend your visit, hail with delight the oppor tunity afforded us of testifying to you our joy aud gratitude at your arrival, and. respectfully and most heartily. welcome you to our city. 'Von are come thus far to join in blessing and honouring by your presence the inauguration of ?our now College, which promises much to the Catholics of this diocese. Our beloved Bishop, iu common with the entire Australian Episoo-j pate, being mindful of the necessity of Catholic education, has been cr.reful to supply its wants. In times long past, in all the countries of Europe wherever appeared the Cathedral Church, beside it rose the seminary, wherein learning flourished under the fostering care of holy prelates, and whence came men filled with the spirit of .Faith and Charity, and love' for fatherland. Such schools obtained for Ireland the glorious title of 'Isle of Saints.' And your lordships are come at this auspicious time of establishing a:\ institution similar^ among ourselves ; for, by the blessing of God, St. Stanislaus' will bo Much as they. It will also be the residence of our beloved prelate, and in liis presence and under his guidance the minds of ics scholars will be so formed that in after years they will be distinguished by their love for the Catholic weal and thau of their country. And 'while we remember the efforts of our holy Church at all timoM to instruct the young and lead them to God, and turning to its present venerable aud illustrious head, and knowing that under his phonal supervision many ot your lordships have been prepared for your pre sent exalted position, we therefore on this occa sion desire the moro to give expresssion to our d°op sympathy iu;, ntul 'attachment to, our Most Holy Father, and we humbly pray our Lord to comfort and strengthen him in his present afflictions. Tn conclusion, we once again desire to tender your lordships the most cordial expression of the pleasure we feel in bidding you welcome to Bathurst, and our gratitude for your visit, and we pray God to bestow on you His choicest blessings, and that you may be long spared to adorn and guide our holy Church in Australia.' Copies of the address, printed on satin, were then presented to their lordships. The Bishop of Brisbane thanked the com mittee for the appropriate address and truly Catholic reception with which they had hon oured the bishops, of whom he was unworthily one. They had thanked the bishops for the visit they paid the people of Bathurst ; but, speaking still on his own behalf, he could assure them he looked on himself as privileged in being present on this auspicious occasion, which reminded him forcibly, as it did them, of the numerous seats of learning with which the country from which most of them came was covered over in times past, and of the efforts and sacrifices made by their ancestors to create and maintain these seats of learning, and to keep alive th6 spark of science, even after their glorious institutions had been violently and wrongfully wrested from them. He heartily wished that the beautiful college they were about to bless and open might emulate the moat renowned of the literary institutions of the old country. It was true, as they had observed, that most of the bishops present had the great advantage of being brought up under the pater nal eye of his Holiness ; and this circumstance rendered more acute the pain they felt on account of his present bondage. One thought consoled them — that he should certainly be liberated whenever it pleased the Great Ruler of all things, and that such liberation would be giorious for the Church. The LordjjBishop of Maitiand, Dr. Murray, expressed his gratitude for the spontaneous manifestation of welcome evinced. The college which he and his brother Bishops had come so far to see opened, he trusted would flourish under the fostering care of the venerable Bishop of Bathurst. It was an additional pleasure to him to see so noble a gathering, and the Catholic spirit in which the prelates of the Church had been met. It had been his privi lege when in Rome, recently, to convey to His Holiness the Pope the intelligence he had received from Batliurst respecting the laying of the foundation-stone of St. Stanislaus' College, aud His Holiness had expressed surprise and astonishment at the liberal spirit displayed by the members of the holy faith in the district. His lordship concluded by giving the congregation his best wishes and prayers. The Bishop of Goulburn thanked theni for the joy and encouragement afforded him by their very remarkable demonstration, as well as by the words of the address. In the address reference was made to the association that always existed in the Catholic Church between the cathedral church and the seminary. Of this Ireland gave them a striking example. 1200 years ago this association could be traced, aud while the first excellence of these institu tions, was to give to the Christian youth the stamp of ; the Christian character, those who went forth from these abodes of learning were also distinguished by their proficiency in every class of science and of knowledge; Long day » of difficulty and of trial came, and the cathedral with the seminary disappeared. But the indomitable spirit of the people's faith outlived them. When in Ireland three years ago he observed the union of the cathe dral with the seminary, representing the ancient glories of Ireland. So the Church goes on, and the like work brought them there that day. As the great body of those, who looked with interest to this new College had the faith through Ireland the reference was appro priate. He was glad to witness such wonder ful enthusiasm, for it showed him that the old spirit was fresh, and gave him hope for a grand future for the new college. He trusted it would send forth its pupils, distinguished in every class of knowledge, but especially with a faith as solid and as persevering as that which marked those whose minds were formed in the ancient seminaries referred to. Dr. O'M'ahony, Lord Bishop of Arniidale, after expressing his thanks for the welcome, said he was pleased once again to see his friends in Bathurst, and trusted by the grace of God to follow in the footsteps of the young Bishops of the faith of Saint Patrick. When coming over the Blue Mountains, whose formidable difficulties had been conquered by science and the ingenuity and pel-severance of man, he had thought their magnitude typical of the heart's of the Roman Catholics. Those great and productive plains reminded him of the green old land- Ireland. Ire land was reproduced by nature, and he believed its intelligence and liberality and love for the faith' would be also reproduced by means of the inauguration and success of such institutions as they were assembled to honour. He hoped that, at no distant day, from that college, as from the seminaries of Ireland, liien of intelligence and learning might sally forth, armed far the good ii-*ht, and carry to the islands of the Pacific word's of truth and wisdom, and eternal life. Allusion had been made to the members of the Episcopacy having been brought up under the Papacy ; he was thankful that their hearts still throbbed with its faith,— that hearts held that faith untainted in many countries— in Australia as in Ireland and in Rome. _ Speak iiif of the glorious career of Pope Pius IX., his Lordship said he had watched him when the admired of the world as the great reformer and liberal legislator. He had won the applause of all men, before the allegiance of the States had been seduced from him. He had been in Rome three years ago at the (Ecumenical Council, where the doctrine of Infallibility had been declared— a dogma which was as firm and incontrovertible us ever. It had been declared p midst thunder and such a war of the heavens and darkness that necessitated the light of a candle to be thrown upon the docu ment whilst it was read ; and this was typical of its truth, and grandeur, and holiness. He asked for their unittd prayers for the realiza tion of their hopes for the deliverance from affliction of his Holiness. His Lordship trusted his hearers would not measure his gratitude by the few words he had spoken. His Lordship, Dr. Quinn, expressed his heart felt gratification at the grand reception granted to the distinguished prelates, who had come so far to be present at the opening of the college. The presentation of the address and replies being thus terminated, their lordships left for Dr. Quinn's residence at the college. On Sunday the solemn opening of the college took place. The weather was all that could be wished, — genial and fine. At ten o'clock the bells began to ring, and by eleven an immense congregation assembled at the Cathedral; The procession, numbering about 4000, then moved towards the college grounds, in the following order : — In the front were the boys of St. Michael's school with their teachers, having the banner of St. John the Evangelist borne in advance. Next came the children of the orphan and infant schools, each holding a little banneret, and preceded by a large banner of the Sacred Heart. After these the girls of the senior denominational school walked with the banner of the Immaculate Conception. All the female children were dressed in white — a fea ture that added immensely to the beauty of the spectacle. i The members of the Guild came next, over forty in number, the banner of St. Joseph feeing borne in front, the warden, Mr. O'Keetfe, and Mr. Kubie, warden of the Parent Guild in Sydney, with his gold chain of office and cloak scarf, bringing up the rear. The students of St. Stanislaus' College followed next, thirty-five in number. Dr. Forrest, Dr. Gilhooley, Mr. '- John Donovan, L.L.D., and Mr. Duncan, in the academic costume of the Fellows of St. John's College were the next, followed imme diately by the clergy and the bishops. The five prelates above mentioned, with the follow ing priests, next advanced : — Fathers M'Grath, of the Fish River ; Ryan, of Newcastle ; Byrne, of Maitiand ; Horan, of Brisbane ; Davern, of Rockley ; Horan, President of St. Stanislaus' College'; M'Auliffe, of Bathurst ; Dalton, S.J., ' of Melbourne ; Chastignon, of Dubbo ; Ryan, of Carcoar ; Keating, of Goulburn ; Kirk, S.M., ! of Sydney ; Maher, of Bathurst ; Dunne, of Gulgong ; and Cregan of Maitiand. Father O Donovan of Mudgee entoned high mass, the Bishops of Brisbane, Goulburn, and Armidale, being enthroned on the Epistle side, and the Bishops of Bathurst and Maitiand on the Gos pel side. The vast congregation had been amply provided for by an energetic committee, who were engaged up to a late hour on Saturday night in erecting a spacious marquee on the grounds to the south of the college. The dimensions of the marquee were 100 by 60 feet. The congregation was estimated at between three and four thousand. There were strangers to any amount from Sydney, Maitiand, Orange, Hill End, Sofala, and all the western towns, and right well did they support ; the name of their respective districts when the collection came on. The choir,, as already observed, was up to the mark hi the musical portion of the programme, and never did it acquit itself better. In fact it was univer sally conceded even, by connoisseurs froin Syd ney, that Miss Stephens sang the ' O Salutaris' in the most artistic style. That hymn and the 'Gloria' from Farmer, kept the vast body of peo ple spell-bound, and a pin could be heard falling, during the moments of their intonation. Large and ample as was the space enclosed, it yet failed to accommodate the gathering ; hundreds had to stand in the open air not being able to find room inside. The number of ladies and' gentlemen of other persuasions present exceeded the most sanguine expectations, and it must be chronicled that in no case did any of them refuse to subscribe to the funds for the liquida tion of the debt. ' After Mass had been celebrated, his Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane ascended the altar, , and taking his text from Matthew, 2Sth chap, and verses IS, 19, and 20, delivered one of the most logical and beautiful sermons it ever yet fell to my lot to hear. The words of the text were :— ' All power is given to Me in heaven and earth. Go, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptizing in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' [We are obliged to keep over the report of the sermon till next week, when it will appear in full.] After the delivery of the sermon, his Lordship Dr. Murray, of Maitiand, rose to read the financial statement of receipts and disburse ments. He prefaced it by adverting to the many times he' had been an eye-witness to the unbounded, generosity of the Catholics of the diocese. He never could forget the account of the laying of the foundation-stone of that college which they were all present to see formally opened on that day. He was in the Eternal City when the account reached him, and he thought it his duty to brinjj the facts under the immediate notice of his Holiness Pope Pius IX. That illustrious Pontiff seemed to be Struck with sincere admiration of a people who were desirous of making such practical efforts in the sacred cause of religious education. He had had various opportunities of personally wit nessing the zeal and generosity of the good people of this diocese at Carcoar, Orange, Dubbo, and several other places, as well as in Bathurst. Everywhere one went he could not fail to see manifestations of this zeal and gene rosity in the noble structures that had arisen within the past seven years, and he therefore was delighted to be present at the great and solemn act this day consummated in throwing open the halls of their noble college for the , youth of the diocese— nay, of the colony- where a good, sound, practical education, based on religion and under the watchful guardianship of a prelate whose early life had been devoted to scholastic supervision, -would be henceforth and for all time imparted. Ho took this occasion— the first he had had since his retuui Home from Europe— of expressing his admiration at what they had already effected in the cause of reli gion. He should be ungenerous, too, if he did not mark his appreciation of the kindly feelings exhibited towards himself personally ; nor could he pass over without sonic comment the mutual good and charitable feelings that seemed to ani mate the Catholics of Bathurst and their fellow citizens of the other denominations. Compara tive stranger as he was, he could yet on Thurs day last, on the ©ccasion of their being welcomed so enthusiastically by the people, perceive that in that iniu.ense gathering there were many who differed with himself in religion. It was no doubt a gracious act of those gentle men, and augured hopefully for the future social happiness of the district. Thanking all present, and their indefatigable Bishop for allowing him the gratification of being there that day, he then proceeded to read the hnancia! statement as follows : — Received : Laid on the stone, £1285 17s. 9d ; collected in Mudgee, . £232 19s. Id. ; other subscriptions, £184 7s. lOd. ; total, £1703 7s. lOd. Paid: Expenses incurred in laying the foundation-stone, £54 17s. lOd. ; purchase of site of college, £222 16s.; fence round the ground, £150 15s 6d.; cost of contract £3500 ; architect £175 ; other expenses, £200 ; total, £4303 9s. 4d. Leaving balance to be paid, £2600 Is. 9d. His Lordship would call upon all to subscribe liberally, and by a strong united effort to release the building from the throes of debt. He aimounced»first that the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, had given a cheque for £200, and Dr. Murray, of Maitiand, ±'30. The Rev. Father M'Auliffe stood at the door and announced the various sums presented to him by those passing out. Amongst the names distinguished by the donations attached to them were those of Mr. Dalton, of Orange, who gave £50, and Mr. Donovan, of Sydney, £25. A number of cheques for handsome amounts were acknowledged, and the total collection amounted to more than £918, which, with a few other sums that were collected on the ground, and the proceeds of the lunch, swelled the grand total to considerably more than £1000. After the collection had been made the people adjourned to the large marquee that had been erected at the north-west end of the edifice, where a sumptuous luncheon was provided. The area of this place was 100 feet by 40. Great efforts were made by the committee to have it properly covered in and well secured in the sides by boughs aud other species of cover ing. There were nine tables, and each groaned under the abundance of the good things pro vided. About 800 people sat down to luncheon, although not necessarily all at one and the same time, some gooi-naturedly preferring to wait until the strangers, whose names were legion, had been attended to. However, everything went off in capital order, and no small or mea sured praise ought to be accorded to the ladies who, without the cost of one fraction to the college, so very generously supplied the tables at their own expense. After full justice had been done to the viands, his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst said : — He rose not to detain them by proposing many toasts and healths, but simply to perform a duty. Many of those who then listened to him had witnessed the grand and imposing demon stration' of Thursday last, the grandest, he believed, ever witnessed in Australia, when the whole district might be said to be represented in the magnificent reception they had given to the bishops who had honoured them and himself by their presence. All were witnesses of the glorious work achieved there that day. Several parties had contributed to the .com plete success of these undertakings, and it was to thank them that he rose. In the first place, he felt great pleasure in con veying his own warmest thanks and that of his zealous clergy and generous people to the prelates who had honoured them that day. All had come at great expense and inconvenience, and some of them were hundreds of miles away from home on their visitations. He knew be but feebly expressed the seutiments of his priests and people when he said ho had not words to express their gratitude. He was grateful to his good and zealous priests, who, on this occasion, as on every other requiring their aid and co- operation since his advent t the diocese, had seconded his feeble effort's with; ; energy, disinterestedness, and consummate, ability. Without their aid the magnificent pile of buildings which they had that day opened and dedicated could not have been erected, and it is to their future aid and assistance he chiefly looked for filling it with students. Every one had admired with what wonderful tact and ability the proceedings of Thursday last and of that day were conducted, and their unheard of results. The Rev. John M'Auliffe organized and arranged the whole. Need he say more to assure him that his heart was full of gratitude and thanks to him. The able committee who so zealously coopera ted with him were alike entitled to his thanks. His generous and noble-hoarted people who for the seven years of his administration were ever ready at a call, and in this instance had antici pated his wishes, how could he thank them 2. The monuments reared in this city and through the diocese were the noblest testimony to their zeal and generosity. He thanked them with his whole heart. His gratitude and thanks, were also due to the members of the other./ denominations to whose sympathy and gener osity he was so much indebted. Thoy had done much, and his gratitude was great. To ;he visitors, among whom were prominent the Rector and many of the Fellows of St. John'3 ie was indebted for their presence. To the ladies whose care, attention, and time had been ?bo liberally given, he had only to say it never shall be forgotten. Everyone whom he had kheard express an opinion regarding the building was loud in praise of its beauty, solidity, and -aptitude for the purpose for which it was inten ?-ded. All equally praised the manner in which the work was executed. He fully concurred in these praises, aud therefore warmly thanked '»tke architect and builder. The portion of the press represented there that day had ably done '-their part towards the success of the under taking. The Freeman's Journal, whose able ?editor and proprietors he rejoiced to see here that day, had frequently advocated his cause ?with ability and zeal. The Independent, whose proprietor and able editor, he saw present, ;also had , done them a like good service. '.They had his sincere gratitude, and thanks. ;He concluded by again offering his sincere thanks to all His Lordship resumed his seat after most enthusiastic cheers. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, thought he had monopolized too much of the talk that day. He complimented the people of Bathurst upon their energy and liberality, and deprecated the .attempt to enforce secular education. The deeds -of. the community were instances of what clever and able men thought of what religious instruc tion would do. The' Right Rev. Dr. Murray said : The Bishop ?of Bathurst' has been pleased to thank me, in -union' with the other distinguished bishops, for -coining here to-day to assist at the opening of vthe beautiful and magnificent college of St. -Stanislaus, which his noble zeal, supported by the cordial co-operation of his clergy and people, has erected for the advantage and instruction of his flock. His Lordship will allow me to ; assure you that he conferred on me a privilege n inviting me to this interesting ceremony; but ?apart from the pleasure which I feel in comply ing with his invitation, I must say that,- as a ?Catholic Bishop in this country, 1 feel it niy bounden duty to co-operate with him and every -other prelate* in the land in promoting the reli .gious aud educational interests of the faithful /people iutrusted to our pastoral care. 1 say this apart altogether from the great respect and -affection which I entertain towards his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst and his zealous clergy and people, who have done so inuch for the ..advancement of religion and education in this ? diocese. If we look back at what has been i ?done in this diocese for the last seven j. years, I do not think there is another diocese in Australia, or perhaps in the world, where so much had -been realized through the cordial union of 'bishops, priests, and people. 'Tis not only to Bathurst I may direct your attention, where you all see a magnificent convent of the Sisters of ^Nlercy established, and a splendid college Avhich we have this day come to bless ? and open, but I would ask you to take a glance ?at the wonderful works which have been ♦already accomplished in various districts of -this diocese. We find splendid churches ?already erected even at Bourke and at Went worth, a beautiful church almost finished at Dubbo,. by the llev. Father (Jhastagnon, a ?church and convent built by the zeal of the '.Rev, Father T. Ryan at Carcoar, and one alao ;at Orange; not to mention several other outlying districts which £ cannot just now call to mind. It is indeed both a privilege and a pleasure to come amongst a clergy who have displayed :such zeal and energy in promoting the interests of God's. Church, and to witness the glorious results which they have achieved. Thanks be to God our Catholic people in every diocese of this large continent are thoroughly one and united with their Bishops in every object 'that concerns the interest of our Church, j But I cannot refrain from expressing my convic tion that no diocese has given such signal proofs of this wouderf ul union as this diocese. When I reflect that all this has been done without any State- aid or other extraneous assistance, our 'Admiration and surprise is considerably -?enhanced.'. I should mention also, that I was very glad to observe that this union not only .pervades the Catholic body, but that it exists between. them and all other denominations iu this 'district, some of whom kindly came to welcome.: 'us on our arrival on Thurs.iay. I-i ? shall always retain a lively recollection of the ceremony which I have t as day witnessed, and on my re' urn to my own diocese L shall endea vour to imitate the example set by the Bishop, ?priests, and people of Bathurst. There are many other reasons which have caused me to -come here to-day. I shall only mention one, .-?and that is that when I was bowed down by ?sickness D\ Quinn, your worthy Bishop, took me from my own home to his house, and finding that 1 was not recovering, insisted on niy taking ? a sea voyage to Europe to re-establish my health, and engage I to do for me the work of my dioceee ? during my absence. That promise he nobly '-redeemed. I am proud to say tnat under his care and through the energy and union of the priests ?of Maitlaud, mure was done for the advance ment of religion ami education than at any other period of my administration. I avail myself of this occasion to thank him most warmly for h s kindnesp, and to assure him and his clergy, that j I shall always be ready to co-operate with them .-as far as cirjuin t .nces will pern i~- in promotng the welfare of tueir noble-hearted ami generous people. In conclusion the Bishop of Maitland j returned his nv-st .sincere thanks to all for the ?kindness which they had shown him. The Bishop of Goulbui-n said that lie. was present when the foundation stone of the college Before them was laid. The number then'assem ' bled - showed now important they considered the work then oomnieuc d. The still greater numbers here to-day, and here to pay their subscriptions, proved the value they set on it. He thought with them, nor would it require many words to explain the reason. Society ?consisted of many grades ; and, indeed, nature's, law, as well as God's law, required that it' ?should be so. All could not be lawyers j all could not be doctors ; all could not be legis lators; — nor could all be tillers of the soil. Different grades must exist, and the peace .and prosperity of society are improved as each best fulfils its share of duty. To have men fitted for their various avocations was, then, of import ance, not only to individuals, but to every mem ber of society. To meet this want, and to tend towards fulfilling this task, was the object of this college. As those for whom the college was intended formed a large portion of the commnnity, there was no reason why they should not be expected to take their part and have their share in every grade. It was, indeed, to be a Catholic college, and its pupils were to receive a Catholic education. Now, he did not see how this should be an obstacle to their future success ; for what was meant by Catholic education was that Catholic teaching and Catholic practice should accompany the acquiring of other knowledge and give to it its due perfection. It should, if examined, be admitted that these Catholic principles were best calculated to establish for society peace and permanent security. Who then could be better fitted for fulfilling their duties in society than those who were taught to know and to practise that which promoted peace and order ? They showed that they understood this, and that they valued it. They had in their noble convent schools the hightest class of education for the. female portion of their community, and he congratula ted their able aud indefatigable bishop that a similar institution was now open for boys. He was in earnest in what he said, ; and he might tell them that St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, was slated, and would be opened in a few months. He had no doubt but that the Bishop of Bathurst would say that the Catholic College of Bathurst was the first in the coun try, and he felt no doubt but that the ability and active care of his lordship .would, make it a first-class literary institution. . Still he would say for Goulburn that he hoped that his Catho lic College would not be inferior to any similar institution in the country. This was no opposi tion to Bathurst ; it was no rivalry to Bathurst ; but it was meeting the wants and the wishes of the Catholic people. He saw in the spirit here, as in Goulburn, a guarantee that there was ample field for both, and that both would be well supported and would prosper; He trusted that from them young nieri would go forth, taking their places in the various grades of society, and would prove themselves worthy of that noble spirit which to-day gave him so much of joy and of hope for the future. After a few preliminary remarks, the Bishop of Armidale said he was jealous of the Bishops of Bathurst and Geulburn. They spoke of their schools, and colleges, and convents. He was sorry to say his schools were few, his colleges aud convents were yet in the future. 'But,' he said, ' I must wait in patience. I have around me a faithful flock— men cast in the same mould as the men of Bathurst, men come from the same Green Isle — filled with the same spirit, and inheritors of the same imperish able faith — and they are the sons of these who, in by-gone days, learned to despise all things else to preserve that which is more priceless than gold and precious stones — the Faith. And in time the men of Armidale will, mayhap, rival those of Bathurat ; they possess a rich and agricultural district—they inhabit a land teeming with all material resources — abounding in untold wealth — they are indus trious and persevering, and already they have given evidence of their charity and of their faith. But, he said, I perceive education is the order of the day, as well within here as without in the world. The illustrious prelates who have preceded me have touched upon education in its various higher aspects ; I shall content myself with a few remarks upon its primary character. Primary education,, is the most important phase of education, asi it is the basis of all education. What the ; root is to the tree — what the wellspring is to' the mighty river, that is primary education to all its higher and fuller developments. .-, Pri mary education begins, almost at the cradle, to draw out and form the infant mind and train the infant heart, then to develop growing reason, aud to stimulate budding genius ; but whilst it trains and stimulates, it must also* restrain and correct, and thus guide the young' mind to the attainment of education properly ?so-called. ' Now, man is made up of body and soul — therefore he ha- necessarily relations with this world and the i.ext. His education must consequently lit him for the duties and 'obliga-- . tions which he owes »to this world and the' : world to come. It is obvious, therefore, that the : office of primary education is to prepare man for : a double citizenship— viz , that of earth, and that , of heaven. Now, my friends, an education : that provides for man in his relation to earth I only, and excludes heaven, is not education.' \ And so primary education must necessarily be ! associated with religion. The vine indeed. I may grow and st.read its tender tendrils along the earth, clasping the first rotten branch or noxious stalk in its way, but it will never be beautiful to behold, nor will it break beneath the weight of its luxuriant branches. It requires support,' iv wants a stake, and. training, and pi lining, and careful culture. And so primary-, edu ation requires . the support as it requires the supervision, of religion, and the vine of education when trained to the pillar of truth, will find tin rein nM its firmness, its beauty, and its ? fruitfulnuss, while its luxuriant branches and greeiul ten drils will add a chatm, a grace, and a biau'y to the stern and immovable pillar which sus aius' it. It is known to all, thi t children take i heir earliest impressions from the material objects that surround them. And so, in the moral order, the deepest impressions for evil or for good are left on the infant mind by those whose duty it is to train and mould it, accord ing as they are teachers of error and objects of moral deformity, or teachers of truth, models of every virtue, and forms of highest holiness; Who can then wonder at the solicitude which the Church of God has manifested iu ever age for the education of the 'masses.' His Lordship then alluded to the Apostolic spirit and indefatigable zeal of the Bishop of Bathurst in providing primary education for his people. He said, the Bishop of Bathurst, not content with the appliances which this colony affords, brought from Ireland the Sisters of Mercy. These holy women come across half the globe, bearing in their bosom the purity of Ireland's sainted daughters, not only to kneel at the!, bedside of the dying Christian, and pour the5 balm of consolation into his breaking spirit, but also to impart a knowledge of those refine ments and accomplishments which fit your daughters for the highest positions in society ; and above all they come with the love and patience and gentle sweetness of mothers, to imprint upon the minds of your little ones, first, the mysteries of our holy religion, and then to explain to them the mysteries of pri mary education. Your good and great Bishop has done these things for you, and I do not breathe it as a hope, but I utter it as a convic tion, that generations yet unborn shall teach their children's children to lisp with love the name, and to embalm in reverence the memory of Dr. Quinn, the first Bishop of Bathurst. Father 0' Donovan, of Mudgee, for the clergy of the diocese, replied as follows : My Lords, ladies, and gentlemen, -I feel honoured by being asked to respond to the toast of the clergy of the diocese of Bathurst, and would much prefer the observations of a stranger on a subject so intimately connected with myself. Though few in number, comparatively speaking, I would venture the assertion that they are as disinterested and have achieved as much good as, perhaps, any corresponding number in any part of the world. . The credit of this must not be so much attributed to them as to the able administrative powers and ability of their venerable superior, coupled with the willing co-operation of a noble and generous- hearted people. Since the formation of this part of the colony into a separate diocese, much has been done for the glory of God and salvation of souls, j to be supplemented, if possible, by still greater ; works in course of contemplation. Did one j look for any impulse—any reward — to excite to I still greater efforts in the great cause so dear i to all, it is more than compensated for by the. ' presence here to-day of so many eminent : prelates and priests and distinguished laymen ' from all parts of this vast continent. Never I before in this hemisphere had such an assem ! blage met for a similar purpose. Hence the remarkableness of the distinguished honor conferred on the City of the Plains. Wherefore this meeting? Is it for. any great political purpose — for design ; ing any well concerted plans of public policy ? No ; but to witness the solemn dedication of St. Stanislaus' Seminary, where the sons of the humblest in the country will have the opportu nity of being instructed in the higher branches of education, which will fit them for the highest situations in the land ; to consolidate a Christian system of education, and affirm, by the weight of their authority and presence, the undying spirit of the ages of faith when pontiffs, bishops, kings, nobles, and peasants were of one accord in establishing those episcopal seminaries which have been always the germ of all Christian schools. Here, where but a few months since was to be seen nothing save a shapeless mound of earth, is now a beautiful structure, begun with the same reliance on Providence which has inspired so many others of late years to undertake works of great importance, and by those who conceived that by such works they would testify their faith aud piety to God. All this, after all, is but the development of the spirit of that Church, which as Chateaubriand says, ' has covered the world with its monuments,' or, as another writer has it, '' The Catholic religion is essen tially a creative power, to edify and not to destroy, because it it is under the immediate influence of that Holy -Spirit, which the ?.Church invokes as the creative spirit ? Creator Spirituu.' There was no time at which the visible representatives of Christ — the Pontiffs, who indeed may be termed t the '.nursing fathers of Christian science — did not i exert themselves in the cause of civilization, literature, arts, and sciences, not even durino the middle or so-called dark ages. Never, per° haps, w ere more strenuous efforts made to keep alive the sacred flame of learning and promote the instruction of the youthful, than were made by the Church at this period, as is evident from the decrees of Popes Eugenius II. and Leo IV., j and in thurcouncrls of Rome in the years 82(5 ' and 853. The Popes were the founders of modern Europe, the revivers of the Roman Empire. To Innocent III., one of. the most I learned men of his age. the University of Paris ] was indebted for. a well digested code of laws ; whilst he granted large privileges to the Uni vei-hity of Bologna, and ordained the 4th Lateran Council that provision should be made for the maintenance of Christian studies. Gregory IX., ? who was so profoundly skilled in. the arts and i sciences, that he was called a ''river of Tullian ? eloquence,' was so firm a friend of the University of Paris, that it needed no other sup ! port in the most troublous times ; whilst I -Innocent IV. erected public schools of law at ,' Rome, and founded the University of Piacenza. I | I need not trespass on your forbearance by j bringing before your minds the invariable vigil ance and devotedness of the present ever memorable Pope Pius IX. in the all important matter of ediicaticn, since I am confident you are more conversant with his acts and instruc tions in -this regard than I am. From the first year of his Pontificate, no one has evinced a greater anxiety for the spread and progress of everything conducive to the welfare and happiness of all than he who now occupies the ancient seat of the fisherman. It is consoling to witness the extension of the ancient spirit of the Church to-day, thus realizing the express wish of its founder, saying, 'Suffer the little children to come unto me,' for here it is that they will be taught those solid lessons of virtue ami ™ * which will enable them to go forth SL^J? world true Christians, scliolaA, .nd g^S0 a credit to St. Stanislaus' College as^wel S their native or adopted country I tlv.ni most sincerely, my Lord, for yom- very onS* mentary language, and, on behalf of the St M,1S w°T%} rftuni yc\u ^ best thanks? nil « ' **ePhenB rel)lied *™ the laity ?p ?,n beMf o/ the committee, in the absence of lather M'Aulifte, Dr. Sam responded at len?th and with much tact and eloquence. lenStb» Dr. Forrest being called ivnon'tn vr.i-.i-, behalf of the Rector and Fellows ofS^hn^ College Baid that .Mr. Stephens, inh^Sfe' and eloquent speech, had \he kindness to feS to him m a keen and delicate sarcasm ; « n! Forrest was very critical, but merciful' ' U reminded one of the old familiar ballad ' ' Tf you are strong be merciful— you worn™ £ ^ T!h' The St0I7 g°eS^at ^Has! calf. Nothing .was left to speak on the ground was already occupied ? evenr pertinent topic had been exhaustively treated, — primary education, intermediate and university education. Even thp Popes, the patrons of European learning were taken from them. What was left? He could speak only of the college and its vela tion to the University of Sydney. The college was founded to supply a home for those coininV from a distance, to avail of the advantages of ' the higher education which the University sun plied, lhe wild license of youth in a pomiloua city, and the inevitable dangers to morals suggested the founding of the collet Again' the necessity of a philosophical ? aiid°theoloeic-d training, keeping pace with the knowledge of secular learning in its various branches, was a second and equally important reason. Hitherto our success has not been what was reasonably expected ; this in a measure is equally true of the Anglican College and of the University Beginnings are weak— the fault is somewhere— not with the Fellows of the college, who have generously contributed money, and, what is to most of them more valuable, . time, to' promote its interests. I venture to assert that the .bellows of St. Johns, as a representative body in the Catholic community, will be found to be equal in intelligence and social position to any equal number that may be named. Is the University to blame ? No The learned Pro fessors, equal to the distinguished men of the European Universities, in their respective de partments, do their work; they teach science and literature— not sectarianism. During thirteen years I know them, and never knew nor heard an instance of any student being tampered with as to his religion. The Pro fessors may believe what they like— anything or nothing— but in their relations to the students they are not propagandists of auy system— religious or irreligious. This is true, and it is just to state it. 1 could say more than this, but I respect their feelings of Christian delicacy. But you must not understand that the college has done nothing. We have pro* duced, within a period of thirteen years, men. who take a prominent place in the learned pro fessions aud in the Senate. The foundation which we inaugurate to-day will contribute, I ' have no' doubt, to the number of the Catholics who will aspire to the distinction of a univer sity education, and thus become qualified for the positions of trust and emolument which in this free country are within the reach of the intelli gent and the educated of every class. Is the Catholic spirit wanting ? The splendid demon stration of to-day is the best answer. When education was proscribed in Ireland our fathers sought it on. the Continent. When the deluge of barbarism that swept over the three conti nents at the fall of the Roman Empire had well-nigh obliterated every vestige of civiliza tion, the Catholic Church fotm-i an asylum for science far away from the influence of 'Goth, or Hun, or Frank, or Lombard. Palladius and Patrick brought Greek and Latin literature to Ireland; Augustine, Theodore, and Adrian founded in England the schools that became famous through Europe; the University of Paris, founded by Charlemagne, had for its first rector Alcuin, and the Irish Clement was the second. Human knowledge has ever been prized by the Catholic nations. Look at the monuments of zeal for human science which Catholic England has left to posterity. Lo«k at her glorious uni versities; with the traditions and' prestige of ages— the nursing mothers of poets, orators, statesmen, philosophers? and warrior's These universities were founded in Catholic times. Of the four-and- twenty colleges arid halls of Oxford, at lease eighteen — if not twenty— were founded before the religious revolution called the Reformation, Of the eighteen halls and colleges of Cambridge fourteen were founded in the Catholic times — called the dark ages. This institution resumes here the work of our fathers of the sixth aud seventh centuries in Ireland. Let us be worthy of our ancestors, true to faith, loyal in our just allegiance, and worthy citizens of a young, free, and flourishing ' country. (Applause.) Mr. T. J. Murray, in a highly eulogistic speech, responded for ' The' Ladies/' Mr. Rubie responded for tho Freeman's Journal, Mr. Thatcher for the Western Indepen dent, and Mr, (irosvenor Bunstur for the Bathurst Times. St. Mary's Cathedral Building Fund. — The regular weekly meeting in aid of. the above fund was held in the seminary on Sun day evening at the usual hour. The hall was well ? filled. .His Grace the Archbishop pressed, and in a forcible and telling address pointed out jh* . claims of the cathedral on all true Catholics. He remarked as worthy of imitation the zeal displayed by the collectors, who were energeti cally carrying on the duties assigned them ; and urged the meeting to supplement the .sums paid in by the parties referred to. The amount received was £54 Gs. 7d. The Very Rev. the Vicar- General, the Ven. Archdeacon Rigney, Fathers Mahony and Walsh took part in ih© proceedings. 