CHAPTER XXV. Annabel returned to the Hall buoyed up by the half-unconscious trust she had in Professor Ned's ability to surmount the worst obstacle that lay in the path, to conquer the sore trial that awaited bim She would not trust herself to think about that tacit confession of hers which had lighted up the young man's bronzed face with such a nappj glow of pride and hope And yet that radiant glance of his seemed to be following her still, and gave a deep sense of peaceful security whenever the perplexities of her own position rose up before her threateningly She passed across the upper hall, her shawl trailing behind her, with her eyes downcast, and nearly stumbled into Sir Hugh's arms, as the baronet rose from a divan which was placed between the two great statues that guarded either side of the arched window " What ! still in a dream f " he asked, playfully, while he put his arm around her, and drew her gently to the velvet seat. " So my darling stole a march upon us all, and had her morning nde entirely to herself! Fortunately no one has made their appearance from the Heights " " I am glad of that," she answered, promptly. " I hope we Bhall not be disturbed now Uncle Hugh, do you know that I love you more dearly with every added day ?" ' I know that you are binding me more and more closely with the chains of your enchantment," he returned, playfully "I am afraid I shall yet be- come an abject slave " She shook her head gently " I should not dare to tease the lion, even though he were sound asleep If I offended bis royal majesty the silken chains would speedily be rent Sir Hugh Hathaway would make avery sorry appearance as any one's slave " He fondled her white hand?, while he answered, with that mellow laugh of bis " I confess it would be something as new as gro- tesque But dear, if we are lions m our anger, we have also that noble monarch's devoted love and de- votion to our own I am like wax in these hands, my pet What will they have of me ?" She laid her head back upon his shoulder with a soft sigh. "Dear Uncle Hugh, give me assurance that no- thing shall shake that love " He kissed her fondly. "Do you need such assurance ? My darling, that is another Hathaway trait We do not unlearn our ways " " Ah ! but-Uncle Hugh-" And she pointed toward the gallery-door " It seems that ghost will not be laid," answered he, gravely " My child, did I ever deny that, to this very day, my heart has ached beneath its cruelly disappointed trust?" She flung her arms around bim, and kissed him back with all a loving daughter's fervor The little scene had its spectators In one of the guest-chambers, almost opposite, the door was open. Mrs. Thompson bad taken her newly-hired seamstress into that room to change the fringes of the curtains, and re-arrange the canopy of the bed. "A queer, stiff person," the good housekeeper privately assured Prudy, " as ever I came across in all my life Why, she hasn't any more life than a machine She don't ask any questions, nor scarcely answer them either, but sits and looks at me through them ugly blue spectacles, till I am creeping all over, and glad to get out of her way But I never saw lovelier stitches than she sets I mean to have lots of hemstitching done on those new valances if she stays " The Ball, gray figure was sitting there by the bed- side, just as Mrs Thompson had left her. But the needle was idle, clutched tightly in fingers that were damp and cold, and through the blue glasses a pair of yearning, anguished eyes were fixed upon the two by the window, losing no single movement or ex- pression of either face Fixed and rigid as a statue was the seamstress But once, when Sir Hugh spoke Annabel's name, she started up, stretched out her hands, and seemed about to rush forth, and fling herself at his feet Then she fell back, trembling, and from beneath the disguising glasses the tears dropped fast and thick, and were scarcely wiped away when Mrs Thompson's firm step crossed the hall again, and that worthy woman's sharp attention demanded the closest watch upon herself The seamstress sewed away diligently for a little time, and then meekly suggested that the an- of the unused chamber was a little chilly, and if Mrs Thompson pleased, she would take the sewing into her own little roem m the other wing " Just as you please, only I should think it would be rather lonesome to sit there all alone You'd better to go down into my sitting-room. There's almost always some one else there," remarked Mrs Thompson, serenely conscious of her power "Be- sides, folks ain't apt to work so well all alone, and I want you to be sure to have these flounces done to- night," "Then PU go down there," was the humbly uttered response, and gathenng up her sewing, the quiet, gray figure stole away, passing Sir Hugh, at a yard's distance, with unfaltering steps She bad scarcely seated herself in a Bbaded corner, where the shadows partially veiled her face, when Prudence appeared upon the scene, and pulled up her rocking chair toward the corner, and sitting down proceeded to unroll her knitting work " How do you find yourself to-day, marm P" asked Prudy, pleasantly. "Thompson tells me you're a beautiful sewer, and that's a treat in these days of shamming and shirking, and gadding and flu-ting It's plain to see that you have had a respectable bringing up. I wish some of the maids would copy your manners They can't do anything at all with- out giggling and fooling like simpletons, and making as much noise as a flock of magpies " " Perhaps they can't help it," answered the seam tress, m a voice that Prudy decided was the queerest voice she ever heard ' Happy people are apt to laugh, and talk too " " It's very charitable in you to make excuses for them ; but Pm sure you never make much noise yourself. You are a quiet, steady body, as I told Mrs. Thompson that day you applied. I knew you was. I've had experience enough in my life to see through strangers pretty quickly. And I know I didn't make any mistake in you." And Prudy tossed her head with that decided self satisfied way of hers that bad been for so many years the trial and bane of the Hall servants. The blue glasses hid from her a roguish sparkle in the eyes beneath, as the seamstress replied : " I have no doubt of your penetration. I do not need your assurance that you could not be cheated by the ablest disguise." ' Disguise, indeed 1 I should hope not No one was ever so foolish as to attempt it. And Prudy knit away zealously. But she looked up presently, and said, in the most gracious tone imaginable : " Yes, indeed, you make me think of the girls that were brought up in my time, civil and steady, and not filled with nonsense. Now, I couldn't ask one in this house to go take a little ride with me to-night and make a call on an old acquaintance, without hearing of it to-morrow from the whole lot, with a dozen surmisings of what I went for, and who the folks were, and all like that Bnt I know I'm safe to trust you, and so I'm going to ask you to take a short ride with me just in the edge of the evening. James will take the pony-chaise, and he's a careful driver. Pd little rather not go alone, if you'll please keep me company." " Thank you-if I can be spared from the sew- ing-" " Of course you can. You re not expected to try your eyes-and they're weak, ain't they?-with candle-light. I'll manage it all. You just be ready, and come to the side door when the hall-lamp is lighted." " You're very kind, I'm sure." " Oh, no. I want somebody, and the exercise will be good for you." And, carefully knitting into the middle of her needle before she rolled up the work, Prudy rose, and took her departure, with the repeated declara- tion, " I know very well I shan't be heating all about it to-morrow." So it came about that the new seamstress had her ride in a Hathaway carriage before her week was out. She saw that Prudy kept looking anxiously behind and before, as if afraid that the hurrying pedestrians would be able to recognise them, and was inwardly much amused by the manoeuvring, whose object all at once flashed apon her, when, after calling at the lace maker's on an errand of Miss Hathaway^, Prudy turned to the inver, and said, m a tone of apparently supreme indifference " And now, James, drive Mrs. Nonanto the place I described to you " Not at all surpnsed was the seamstress, therefore, when they drew up before the cottage where Dorothy had brought her charge She followed behind the nervous Prudy with staid and formal step, though inwardly nearly convulsed with mernment. Poor Prudy was too agitated herself to give much heed to her companion when they were ushered upon the quiet family group " This is Mrs Nonan, Dorothy, the seamstress at the-house I thought I would look m to see you, as long as I was this way." A quick, intelligent look passed between Dorothy and her cousin But it was nothing to the panto- mime that went on behind Prudy's unconscious back when Mrs Nonan stepped forward in response to her introduction. " Well, to be sure-I must say-" began Dorothy, and then glanced back to Assunta and Guido, and then bit her lips, and ended. " I'm so taken by sur- prise, cousin, I don't know what I'm saying. Do sit down in the rocking-chair. Mrs.-Nonan, please take a seat" " And these are-your young charges?" said Pru- dence, glancing wistfully at Grace and Guido. " Yes," returned Dorothy, in a low voice, " these are her children." Prudence rocked herself to and bo, and sighed, but could not withdraw her eyes from little Grace, who came to them, m answer to Dorothy's beckon- ing finger. Guido meantime courteously addressed Mrs. Nonan, and inquired if she was fond of pictures. Receiving an affirmative answer he wheeled his chair into the extreme corner of the room, and there pro- duced a portfolio, over which they both bent with evident interest, their tones kept respectfully lowered, so as not to disturb the others Prudy never guessed then that he asked, mer nly: " What new plot is on foot ? Is that your new mistress P Oh, Anna, darling, the days are very long without you, even though my painting keeps me busy " Nor dreamed that she replied. " I shall soon return to you My object is nearly accomplished. They will lose their seamstress ab- ruptly m a few days " And then Dorothy brought her cousin to see the paintings, and Guido only faintly perceived that the blurred ejes of the visitor dwelt longer on bis face than upon the canvas, and that her withered hand trembled visibly, when she laid it on his shoulder, and gave him her blessing. When they were dnvmg away, Prudy broke out I of a deep reverie to say 1 "lou see the woman is a distant connection of mine, Mrs Nonan, and I thought it no more than ngbt to call upon her But I shouldn't care to have it talked about, as if I had special reasons for going." "Certainly not, no one could accuse you of hav- ing special reasons for it," was the deiture reply. "As for me, I don't think you mentioned their names to me. I wonder if Mrs. Thompson likes tucking P That flounce might have a cluster over the fagoting " " What a discreet person she is !" thought Pru- dence. "She hasn't any curiosity at all. Her mind is all on her own affairs." Possibly Prudence might have withdrawn this meed of praise had she been awake, and in the upper hall, just after the clock below had chimed out the hour of two that very night For there was her pattern Mrs Nonan stealing along through the dimness, with the gallery-key in her band, which would ba\ e been a second marvel, for it was kept in a carved shrine, whose door opened by a secret spring, and how could the new seam- stress have obtained the clue? However it might be, the woman went through the gallery, and not without emotion, for when Bhe came out her cheek was wet with tears She carried m her hand the extinguished candle, and stole softly on A door ajar delayed her steps a moment, for it creaked suddenly beneath some gust of air While she stood m the shadow, waiting for the noise to subside, some strong impulse came, which drew her steps towards the door She went falter ugly, but as if unable to resist a powerful attraction, and the next moment Btood within Sir Hugh's dres- sing-room. Another door was also open. Through that she saw the different objects, dimly revealed by the faint light from the fast expiring candle, which was Bet m a large silver tray, along with a goblet of water, close beside the tall, ponderous bedstead But it was the face upon the pillow -the Bweetly smiling, sleeping face-that drew, and held her Oh ! how dear it was ' She crept on, scarcely aware of her act, and knelt down beside the bed, touched her lips to the gray locks that were tossed against the whiter covering of the pillow How she had hungered for a look of those sleep- ing ejes through many weary months I how she had longed for the tender clasp of the nerveless hand that was ljing there so unconscious of the caresses she dropped upen it! "Uncle Hugh' oh, dear Uncle Hugh!" she moaned under her very breath, "have I, indeed, been so utterly superseded ? Was there no subtle claim of mine that she could never touch * Ob, Uncle Hugh ! dear Uncle Hugh ' if I could have your bless- ing now !" A hot tear dropped from her swelling lids, and plashed down upon the hand that fell carelessly on the coverlet It accomplished what her cautious kiss, her low murmured words, had failed to do. Sir Hugh started up wide awake He saw before him a slender figure, a pale and lovely face, looking out from a cloud of shining bair Only that much, for the candle dropped its expiring spark that moment " Annabel, my darling !" he said, " what has hap- pened P How came you here ?" " For your blessing, and a good night kiss, Uncle Hugh," sighed the low, sweet voice " I was restless, and could not sleep " " My own girlie ! This is like the old days I thought you had overcome that nervous suscepti- bility, that used to frighten, and yet delight me m your childhood No one but Uncle Hugh could quiet you then. Is it possible you still come to me first of allP" " Give me my blessing, and the kiss," she whispered again He took her into his arms, and kissed her more than once ' It is really my own little girlie So I bave found a little weakness m my pearl! You are trembling just as my foolish birdie used to tremble when she grew affrighted with her own fancies God bless you, precious child 1" And then he let her go v The next morning at breakfast he said to Annabel, with his most roguish smile " Prudy and I decided the other day that you had grown into such grand perfection of character as to have overcome all your childish failings. Do j ou know, Annabel, I am quite delighted to discover a wee bit of tbe old complaint ? I really believe I stayed awake last night a whole hour after you left, felicitating m j self that you could still have your nervous trepidations, and so be obliged to come to Uncle Hugh to be soothed and calmed " Annabel opened her ejes widely " And you looked more like my old pet, too," he went on " Was it because your hair was hanging loosely ? Not so grand and beautiful quite, I admit, but reminding me so much of the dear, wilful, loving child who seems to have a separate existence from yours" " I don't understand you, dear Uncle Hugh " " Why, Annabel, I mean your coming to my bed- side last night tor another kiss, and my blessing You silly child, j ou are not ashamed of it, I hope P " I did not go to your chamber I have not seen you until now since we said 'Goodnight' m the parlor," she returned, decisively "But, my dear, I remember it all distinctly I was wide awake " " Then I must have been asleep, for I have no re- membrance of it Why, my doors were both looked this mommg " He still smiled incredulously into her face " Then it was the other Annabel's ghost But I called it a delightful visitant Let it come as often as it will, my blessing is ready " The other Annabel s ghost ! Miss Hathaway turned a little paler, and her serious eyes deepened into their mystical trance Could such things be ? She was spared an answer, for there came the sound of hurried steps without, a hasty parley with ser- vants, and then the door was thrown open, and Ned Lorraine rushed m unceremoniously His dress was disordered and dusty, bis face was haggard and pale, and looked as if years of agony had passed over it His eyes turned to her appealmgly, as to the only ray of light in a sky without a single sun or star ' Miss Hathaway, I have come for the certificate, for the proof that, with all the rest, my sister's honor- able name, her fair fame, is not lost" " With all the rest P Is Sir William very angry ? Don't say there's no hope for her, that everything is lust !" she cried, starting to her feet, and moving to- ward him, forgetting everything but the wretched- ness his face expressed He tried to speak, and the writhing Ups failed him Toen he articulated hoarsely " My sister is dead ! Hbaven forgive her mur- derer i" ' Her murderer '" repeated Annabel, m horror stricken tones. « My dear professor, calm yourself, I beseech you !" exclaimed Sir Hugh, taking bim by the arm, and gently seating him in the chair. " Tour looks are wild and haggard. I am certain you have had a har- rowing, sleepless night My dear, give him a cup of coffee before there is anything more said." She brought it to him with a look of tenderestpity on her face. But he shook his head feebly. " For my sake," she said, earnestly. " Dear Ned, I ask you to take it for my sake." He looked a moment wonderingly into the reso- lute, unashamed face, and faltered : "You are an angel of goodnessand compassion," and drank the warming beverage, and then suddenly, when she took away the cup, dropped his face into his hands, and burst into a passion of tears. Perhaps it saved that strong, grand brain from madness. They allowed him to weep silently as long as he would. When at length he lifted tis head, Sir Hugh said, in his kindest voice : "My dear young friend, all this is a profound mys- tery. Where is your sister ? What has happened' to herP" " She is in her coffin, sir." ? Oh, Ned !" sighed Annabel. " The poor child, the dear, unhappy girl. Then her sorrows are ended !" "Will you trust that precious certificate in my hands, Miss Hathaway ? There is nothing for. me but to right my sisters good name. I believe that it was an inspiration that suggested to her so unusual a proceeding as sending it you. I believe from my soul, that she came to her death by murderous hands seeking for that certificate. Will you get it for me, and let Sir Hugh see that it is genuine ?" " I will bring it to you at once," she answered, and left the room. Sir Hugh stood beside him, looking down in sor- rowful sympathy upon the young man's pale and haggard face. "My poor Ned," said he, "although a great deal of this is still a mystery to me, I can promise you my friendship and assistance. Can I not understand a little of the fury and grief that fill your heart P I will help you punish this man, my dear fellow. Toa may rely upon my assistance and friendship, but you hay» not told me bis name P" Ned groaned aloud. " I shall not punish him I leave him to his own conscience," he said. " I found a half-written letter of my sister's, and in it she asks me to promise to put away all anger from my heart Beside her coffin I repeated my vow to leave him unmolested by any act of mine, I only seek to establish her good name But bis name- oh, Su* Hugh, will you be as lenient as I when I tell it?" " What do you mean, Ned ?" stammered Sir Hugh " Uncle Hugh !" said Annabel, putting the certi- ficate into his hands, " that man-is-Reginald Cameron 1" 