THE PITY OF IT. FEOM TEMPLE BAR. (Continued.) After duly accrediting myself to Miss Delorme's aunt, Lady Brabazon I went earnestly about my wooing Almost every day, for several weeks found me at the house in Mayfair, By Lady Urabazon—who, as it turned out, was a school friend of my late mother—I was always received with marked cordiality, but I never could construo the languid kindness with which Miss Delorme endured my visits, into the faintest approach to iendresse. I ain not lamous for patient and continuous endurance of pain, either mental 01 physical. Better a sbort sharp wrench of agony, and done with it, than hours and days of wearing suffering. And, true to my creed, I resolved to have it out with Miss Delorme, and, one way or another, put an end to the mental anxiety which was beginning to plough lines in my once jovial and cureless coun tenancc. Yes, I would " put it to the touch, and gain or lose it all." I bus resolute, I was shown into m> lady's boudoir; berelfouud Millicent alone, in the great crises of life I am, fortunately, not nervous. And now 1 felt as cold as I know I should were I leading a forlorn hope. Seating myself to look her straight in the eyes, I plui ged boldly in viedias rex. " I have come here to tell you that I love you, Milliccnt Delornu;—luve you with all mj heart, and to ask you if you will marry me?" To the full as cool as I, she looked me in the eyes and said," No"—a rouud, clear, decided " No," in her calm, high-bred voice. My nerves experienced evfer so slight a shock. " Pray, pray, be candid with me," I said, " and tell me why you say me nay?" "Mr Brooke, you have been very good to mo; you are good to me always, and you deserve candour, and shall have it at all costs, cl -say * No'to you because .1 have no love to give you ; and again ' No' to you because you, a gentleman with all the proud instincts of class strong in you, would not ask to wed me if you knew my antecedents." Here a burning blush flamed on her check She paused, and I took up th tale r " As to love, I fancy I have enough for both. I do not ask you to love me—I only ask you to let me love you. "And for the mysterious antecedents as reasons, they are nowhere." She slightly shivered. " Mr Brooke, must I again -repeat, I shall not, mav cot, marry you, nor auy man ? Think you I have lived all these years, those weary years, and have not -known lore ? Yes, the intense, unreasoning, impassioned love that flames in the heart but once, and burns it away, I think. And is there not always a horrid possibility of shipwreck, and great Joss in «uch wild love ?" As she thus spoke, in a low tonfe, her lips quivered, and her eyes quailed at the cruelty of her sell.scourging. - We both rose to say the farewell word. She looked more than ever superb—the flush of excitcment on her cheek- Her Ioveliness4ntoxicated me. I could not, would not, relinquish this peerless .woman without one other desperate effort. " Millicent!" I cried, all tny heart in my -voice, •' w hat care I for the past T You are my first, last, only love ! Give yourself to >me and mako me happy, for you alone can." ".No 1 a thousand limes," she said ; " and 1 am kinder, to you than you know." Then she Iclt the room, and I showed mysell out with my broken heart. I 'have always a,certain anionnt to consolation Irom the optimism that leaches " whatever is, is nest.®' It" calms a man lor reviewing bis position. 'But on this occasion i was. too utterly beaten to philosophise as usual. Miss Delorme's reasons for refusing me were doubtless good ones, but 1 smarted uader my deleat and loss. To be sure, for aught I knew, the -man she -loved so fondly might still be a sojourner on the earth, and might, one fine day, turn tip at Brookcotes (as one reads of in novels), and demand -to see my wife, supposing Millicent were-she ! Yet not even this horrible contingency reconciled me to my fate. Heigh ho! I had had enough of love and lovemaking to last a life time. In two days I closed my negotiations with IJe Vere lor the purchase of his steam-yacht, organised a hunting party, and dropped down the river outward bound for Africa. Landing at Algiers, almost the first man I met was Algy Seyton. It was a good ten years since we had met; then he was the spoilt darling of London seasons, and the handsomest man in the Guaids. Now his fine stalwart form was -bent, emaciated, and consumption's red dangerfiag huog out on either cheek. "By Jove, Ual, you look as scared as though you had seen a ghost!" And so I had—the ghost of Algy Seyton, " Sorry to see you looking so seedy, old fellow. Hope you'll soon be all right again!" 1 said, cheerily. " Never, Brooke ! and yon know it." Then, in tho old reckless way I knew of old, " You see I've been an outrage on the respectability of my people all my days, and now I have finally made up my mind to relieve them of a nuisance. It's the pace that kills, Hal, and mine bas been tremendous." Poor Seyton ! It had come to this, then—the handsome petted guardsman dying, alone aud uncared for, on the shores of Alrica. Telle est la vie The morning alter our rencontre, I announced my intention of remaining behind. " You fellows must go upcountry without me; Algy'sevidently not long for this world, and it's a shame for us all to leave him." And they all went off into the interior, leaving me at Algiers. One morning, as I bent over Seyton to arrange his pillow, I noticed the locket ho worp had flown open, and a rare face of girlish beauty smiled out at me. " Millicent Delorme !" 1 exclaimed; impulsively. " What do you know of Millicent Delorme? suid Seyton, fixing his dark eyes keenly on mine. " Not much," said I (I flatter myself unconcernedly); " it was my sad duty to escort her to her aunt, i ady Brabazon's, just after she had heard of her brother's death." " So George Delorme is dead ! My pour Milly, fate has been cruel to tliee J" Now I have the clue, thought I, and shall unravel the mystery of the antecedents by-and-bye. " Tell, me, Brooke, does she look like this now?" lightly touching the photo- *' Yes, very like; a little older, but not less beautiful." ' She's Dot married?" "No." A half-smile sbimmered on bis wan face. " I need not have asked that; men are incredulous about tbe constancy of women now-a-days, and no wonder; bnt there are a few women left {and she is ono of them), who, loving once and for ever, are too noble and too good te sell themselves for gold or position, I suppose you htve beard the bistoriette in which Millicent Delorme and Algernon Seyton were chief actors ?" I shook my head. "No?—why the town rang with it eight years agone." " I e was serving in India then,'' I said, ' and by the time I returned I fancy the story, whatever it was, had blown., over." Let's have it nowi" 1 said lightly ; but I prepared to listen as a man might to his death-knell:— " Well, to commence, my governor paid off my debts twice. I knew for ccrtain that be would see me at the deuce before be cleared me - a third time, and I was again hopelessly involved. And yet I—uulucky younger son, and worse than penniless guardsman—presumed to-fall in love with the reiguing beauty oftbe season, Miss Delorme. And, -more than strange, she gave me love for love. I never asked myself bow-it was all to end. The present suffices. Let us not Sing the cold shadow ol an unkindly future over our delicious hour of sunshine. ( am like a woman in that. One eveuing, going up the steps of General Delorme's house in ttaton-square— a bouquet of rare flowers in my hand for Millicent—I came face to face with the General. Ah, Captain Seyton, how do ?" without offering his hand. " This bouquet is intended for Miss Delorme, < I presume ?" " It is," I said haughtily. Then, sir, let me tell you it shall not reach its destination he intimacy that :has«o long subsisted between you aud Miss Delorraemust come to an end at once, and for ever." "All right," 1 said coolly ; I hate a scene, more .'especially on doorsteps.'' Add pitching ifu- offe:idbouquet down an area, I turned on ray heel -and walked off to my club* (lo be concluded in our next) 