NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WELLINGTON, OCT. 14. Parliament was prorogued last week, after a session of a little over eleven weeks. It was not a very interesting, or indeed a very important, session. The chief interest centred in the last couple of weeks, and was entirely absorbed by the question of provincial borrowing. After the rejection by the Legislative Council of the original Loans Bill, the Government introduced seven small loan bills, now familiarly known as the seven little pigs, which were quickly passed by the House of Representatives. These authorised the following provincial loans Auck- land, £245,000 ; Wellington, £175,000 ; Taranaki, £75,000; Hawke's Bay, £210,000; Marlborough, £21,000; Nelson, £110,000; Otago, £300,000. Provision was, however, made that not above £280,000 should be raised before the 1st January, 1875, and this amount was appropriated in varying propor- tions amongst the seven provinces; each loan was secured on specific blocks of land, and the purposes to which it was to be applied were specified, When these bills reached the Legislative Council they met with a very warm reception. iNotasingie voice was raised in favour of the bills, and a number of very weighty speeches were made against them. On a division, the first off the lot - the Au cleland Loan Bill - was thrown out by 24 to 6. The six other little pigs were slaughtered on the voices. Throughout the debate it was remarkable that the importance of the work mentioned in the schedules of the bills was generally admitted ; but it was urged that the colony should borrow the money, as it could raise it more cheaply than the provinces, and it was absurd to suppose that the colony could possibly avoid its ultimate liability for whatever the provinces might borrow. The members of the Council also expressed their perfect readiness to accept the alternative of a property-tax, with which the Premier had threatened them. There was a meeting of the Cabinet, followed by another caucus of Government supporters, as soon as the fate of the bills in the Council was known, and the result of all was that the Government gave way. They spoke vaguely about introducing a measure for the re- construction of the Council next session, but announced their intention of bringing the present session to an immediate close, leaving the Council in possession of an un- disputed victory. This determination was most distasteful to a large number of the Government supporters, and has permanently alienated many of them. Through- out the colony public opinion is very much divided regarding the action taken by the Council. In some provinces it is approved, in others condemned, but in nearly all there is a strong feeling that a nominated Upper House is out of harmony with the spirit of our other institutions, and that it must if possible be remodelled on an elective basis. One of the results of the session has been the passage of the ghost of a Permissive Bill. As introduced by the Hon. Mr. Fox it was a highly elaborate measure, founded on and almost identical with Sir Wilfred Lawson's model bill, and containing a great many clauses relating to adulteration. The bill was very warmly opposed in the Lower House, and although the second reading was carried by a large majority, it soon became apparent that the permissive clauses had not a chance of passing. Mr. Fox accordingly abandoned about two-thirdsoMiis dull, and managed to pilot the remainder through. The only real alterations which it effects in the licensing U.W euc no -means true. xt some. ice but. power of granting licences from the bench of justices, and vests it in the resident or police magistrates of the district, and not less than three, or more than seven, licensing commissioners specially appointed by the Governor. Second, it forbids the licensing bench grant- ing any licence the issue of which is formally objected to in writing by two-thirds of the adult inhabitants of any district. The signatures of the objectors have to be verified on oath. A provision similar to this has been in force under a provincial ordinance in Auckland for upwards of two years, but has never once been acted on, nor indeed is it ever likely to be acted on in any part of the colony now. The teetotallers are very proud of what they claim as a victory, but it is likely to prove an exceedingly barren one. An Education Bill was introduced by the Government early in the session, and after a great deal of time being wasted it passed the Lower House. It was, however, a purely permissive measure, each province being allowed the option of accepting it in its entirety, or any of its parts separately. It was entirely on the side of secular education, and contained some valuable rating clauses, but it is very doubtful, even if it had passed, whether any province would have adopted it, or any part of it, in preference to its own provincial educational laws In the Legislative Council the Roman Catholic party made a strong effort to introduce donomi nationalism into the bill, and to provide that all rates raised from Catholics should be handed back to them for expenditure in de- nominational education. This attempt was unsuccessful, but the Council struck out all the clauses relating to grammar and high schools, on the plea that to support such establishments by rates would be to tax the poor to educate the sons of the rich. The House of Representatives refused to accept the bill at all without those clauses, and as the Council remained firm in insisting on its amendments, the Government, after several conferences between the two chain- | bers, decided on dropping the bill, For the third time, the Lower House this session passed a bill legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister, and for the third time the Upper House throw it out. All the old stereotyped arguments were urged against the measure, but there was one new one. A certain Captain Frazer argued that it would shock the moral susceptibilities of all the Scotchmen in the colony. On the other hand, a very novel and strong argument was advanced in its favour. One of the Maori members of the Legislative Council, the non. I We Take Ngatata, said that he had himself married the sister of his deceased wife, and with the happiest results, as she had made an excellent mother to her sister's children. Considerable alterations have been made in our civil list this session. Hitherto the salary of the Governor has been £4,500 a year, and a sum of £1,700 was voted annually for the support of his establishment, supplementing this amount out of that very convenient item on the Estimates "con tendencies." A determined stand was made against this practice this session, and it was pointed out that the salary being only £1,500 did not entitle the Governor to rank as a first-class one, or to claim a full retiring pension. It was accordingly resolved to raise the salary to £7,000 a year, and to do away with all other allowances. The salaries of Ministers have also been raised. Heretofore there has been no limit to the number of Ministers, and all drew a salary of £1,000 a year. It has long been felt that this amount was insufficient, and this year a bill was passed limiting the number of European Ministers to seven-six to receive a salary of £1,250 a year, and the Premier one of £1,750 a year. In addition to this, each Minister who is not provided with an official residence at the seat of Government is to draw a house allowance of £150 a year. There are also to be two Maori members of the Executive at salaries of £400 a year each. All Ministers are to be allowed two guineas per diem when travelling on public service, The passage of the bill authorising the laying of the telegraphic cable to Australia was referred to in the prorogation speech as a subject of congratulation, and people are eagerly looking forward to the time when we shall be in daily communication with the rest of the world. In its progress through the Council, the bill was altered so as to enable the Government to enter into fresh arrangements with any of the Australian colonies in case the arrangement made at the conference should from any cause fall through. The ratification of the arrangement made in London by Mr Russell and Mr. Saul Samuel for the re-establishing a San Francisco mail service was also alluded to in congratulatory terms in the speech ; but except in Auckland, and to some extent in Otago, I do not think that public opinion is very warm in its approval of the now service. Very many people regret having anything to do with New South Wales in the matter, or with American contractors and a service having its terminus in Melbourne, and calling at one central New Zealand port, would have been more generally popular-Auckland, of course, excepted. The idea of the ocean boats running down our coast from Auckland to Otago, and back again, in opposition to our own locally owned boats, is generally regarded as absurd.' It was this conviction which pressed so heavily on Mr. Webb in the last service, and to it he attributes much of his loss. It will be found equally unprofitable by the new contractors. Speaking of Mr. Webb reminds me that the colony has no chance ofcvorrecoveringthoponaltiesduoonaccount of his breach of contract Mr. Russell was instructed to make inquiries on his way home, and his report is that it would be useless trying to recover the money in the American courts, where the suit would have to be brought. It would take three years before the case could be brought to trial, and Mr. Russell significantly adds that, on account of his influence and the sympathy generally felt for him owing to his losses.; under the contract, the issue of any trial 1 would be very doubtful. A somewhat important change regarding immigration has been made this week. Mr. Vogel has himself assumed direct charge of the department and Mr. O'Rourke, the former Minister for Immigration, a not very brilliant member of the Cabinet, is to relieve Mr. Vogel of the offices of Postmaster-General and Commissioner of Telegraphs. An act has been passed authorising the grant of a land purchase remission certificate of the value of £20 to every adult immigrant who pays his or her own passage to the colony, and is willing to settle on the land granted. Stringent provisions are made to insure the latter condition being complied with. The Agent-General has also been positively in structed to grant free passages to immigrants. For the last month or two the arrivals have been pretty numerous, and there are a large number of ships laden with, immigrants now on their way out. In all parts of the colony, except Auckland, the demand for labour of all Kinds is enormous, and the supply is by no means equal to it 