MORAL SUICIDE. Yesterday evening the Rev. Charles Clark, at the urgent request of a number who heard the same lecture delivered on the pre vious Sunday, addressed, in the Albert- street Church, a very largo audience upon the subject Moral Suicide, taking as his text the words from Ecclesiastcs, "And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy." The etymolo gical meaning of the word wicked he ex- plained to be violently twisted or perverted, and while it had its qualifications, its lights and shades, it was also of the most compre- hensive character, gathering within its meaning all mankind. Inherent evil came prominently to the surface in life. Within a small radius of the building in which they were assembled the detectives of Melbourne could show them in one night scenes of seething infamy such as would make them wonder why the heavens did not fall down and crush them ; and what was that when compared with the vast aggregate of wickedness that was continually going on under the eye of the Almighty ? Every large family had its black sheep — they all knew men, whose names were never mentioned, who had ruined their prospects by some dis- graceful act ; whom they saw day by day growing shabbier and shabbier, loating upon their friends for half-crowns, and finally disappearing altogether. Men wrapped themselves up in their respectability, and did not care to have their names mentioned in tho same category. But, asked the lecturer, addressing the male portion of his audience, .was there 110 page in their mental journals which they would give half they were worth that their neighbor should not read ; and was there no paragraph in the diaries of their wives that, should their husbands see it, would cover them with shame and confu- sion ? Which of them but could heartily say Amen to the prayer of David, "Lord, remember not against me the sins of my youth." As a stone thrown into the air did not cease to fall until it re- turned to the ground, so a sin thrown from the soul returned and struck it with renewed force. Young men, strong and full of animal life, must, they said, live jollily, and yet for all these things they would be brought to judgment. In speaking on the subject, he wished to state that he did not desire to say one word to assail the memory of the dead, nor to wound tho feelings of the living, but lie felt bound to turn to profitable use the lessons which recent events had thrust upon them. During the four or five years that he had been in Melbourne, how many social scandals bad come to tho surface, how many organised hypocrisies dragged to light, how many long- cherished wickednesses confessed. How many men once occupying positions of unassailable respectability were now expiating their crimes in prison, or had fled the country. Never while ho lived would he lose from his mental vision the scene which he recently witnessed in the charnel house, where, swollen and disfigured, lay upon the cold stone slab, with the water continually dripping, the body of one who a few days before had been full of life and vigor, of one who had possessed some admirable qualities, but who, the dupe of men wilier than himself, had entered upon a course of crime in which from the very first detection was unescapable. And the cause of it all was not far to seek. The statements of the public press, the car- toons in Punch, led them to the belief that he had acted his part more or less amongst some of the most prominent men in the city. Gambling at cards, combined with horse- racing, had at last hurled him into eternity. It had been well said by Lavater that a good and wise man might occasionally, under cer- tain circumstances, be tempted to game, but that a habitual gamester never could by any possibility be either a good or a wise man. A man from the day he commenced habitually to game with cards, or to give or take the _ odds on horse races, was a moral suicide. But if (referring to Wardill) that were the fate of the tempted, should no retribution fall on the head of the tempter? Some men denied that the evil spirit, the devil, had any real existence, and yet they every day saw, in the persons of well- drossed, sleek, smiling men, damned devils, systematically leading their fellow men to ruin, and at last to the flinging away of their wretched lives. But although such men grew rich and mighty, it would not be well with them before God. At the feast the ghosts of their ruined victims would rise Banquo-like ; in the night they would steal by their beds, and at last would call for blood, for blood. And yet the clergy were not supposed to know of these things. They did know of them, and would to God that they could all have the courage of their opinions, and speak out like men. The rev. gentleman concluded a brief, but powerful address, by pointing out to the audience that as surely as there was a gulf of destruc- tion there was also a rock of refuge, and urged them to seek it while they had the opportunity. 