.IT is ;not; at all a matter, of regret :to .us ."that: i the', . Electoral:: Act Amendment; Bill i was thLOwn-rOut; by -the. Legislative Council on Tuesday night by a maiority of six : on the contrary, after thoi vagariesthat were sought to ffie playod; with reference to this district, such a result Hs, . in our opinion a cause for congratulation, and. :- Mr. " OlShanassy'" has especially to..b.e thanked; for the; unmistake- ably straightforward course ho adopted in helfung ' greatly :.t'6v-brihg about the result which hasTieen. attained.. . For what reason it was attempted to change the name of the 'electorate of "Avoca to that of Landsborough, perhapsmaybe-oxplainedbysomo members, especially by Mr, Bohort.AYalker, LLL.A., who,;, after it was pgrpe'edthat '.tho altera tion- .was,, an injustice to one of tho oldest settled places in the country, and that tho old— name-, -was— decided— to be retained, took--irifinito jJaink-to- have-that decision re versed,' --and: succeeded-; in his; object,! at the same time .- accomplishing. , another - success, - . -that of; alipn atin g the .-support of many ;who have hitherto regarded ' him as a friend to -this , pqrtionrpf .the. district. "What particu- Tar'-mdtiyo ho: conld: ; Have had, except that Landsborough - is closely - -allied with tho Crowlands district, for which Mr. Walker sits as a member, we confess ourselves un able to fathoxn. Ho has always obtained a generous support here, fand, indeed has been regarded as perhaps' more our immediately ; lpcal; .representative than" tlio>Hon. the late Minister of Lancls dr tlfe Ghairman of Com"-- hiittees ; but tho Bill which was to hayo -effected the -alteration has met with its fate, and thus' -a -piece of7gross incohsistency has been-put an end-t-o. That one place is allied rW-jt'h the, bthef . in rthe ..matter of continual "tWffic-!ah'dAc'&nifcum; of cpurse, hut tliat was no reason for taking away a title, which, without douht adds to ;loc4iiMrtSpqp'hqfpro tho eyes of the public. We'neveiwjbuldwealfze the value of this Bill -in ..any shajpe- and never- thought-it ..could -im'provmv'-our'-xApresehfition---as -a- systeih. There Jwerein fact glaring follies and in- convemenees in. the an-angemonts proposed to be made!" "A -part" 'of' Avoca ""whs "to be includod" in- the Amherst District, and very : few of our residents,, if an:, could uuder- siandhwhy v.fhis r slfixnldhe, unless it : arose s ..from. ; misapprehended geography. MV -O'Bhanassy's acknowledged abilities as a statesman- - were- never better, exemplified than;- when ho uttered the sentence, that .owing; to the entire ahsence)of; any thing like an organised and effective opposition in; tho Lower House, the duties and r'espdhii b'ilitios attaching to! such; a;- "body were unfairly cast .upon , the . Legislative;. . . Gpuncil, r j It " was' courageous of him certainly" "add that ' "'while the bill made no provision whatever for the representation of minorities, it would almost inevitably happen that, wherever there were sovoral candidates before a con stituency a minority only would- be '.repre sented," and ho added the - following: signi ficant words ; "It was ; altogether super fluous to increase the number of law-makers at tho very time thero.was little or no work to do, and when local.legislation was actoay played, out." " However," says tho Argun of Wednesday, with equal significance and force . of meaning, 4 1 the Council has apos trophised Cthe; bill in much the same terms as Hamlet adjured his father's ghost, 44 Best perturbed spirit,, rest,!". .and its, repose is not likely, to be disturbed, wo believo, by any ebiillitions of painful 'emotion,' oh tho part . of the Gpvornment ov of ; thewouutry.!' -But for all this likelihood, we cannot certainly forget . the part - taken- v-by-.-Mr - Walker. 44 What's in a nanie ?"!may be asked. Wo venture to" tliiuk that to that belonging" " to; r parliamentary districtsjthoro is much more ; 'than may upon a mere surface consideration, of tho subject appear, jor 7 may be -dreamt of in our philosophy."; Probably explana tions to the electors of Crowlands may bo held to be satisfactory,' but to those of them who . live at"" a'ncl' hear' Avoca, wo" ' very much doubt if it could bo so. , , ; " iSummohses are now -issuable for the next Avoca jQounty Court. . This should be thought of in time by" intending suitors. .; .. .. . /-.It must not be, forgotten ..that'-ail ..those who have \ndt yet taken out electoral' rights, that next Monday /is. the last -day for, doing so to enable their names itp"' be placed on the Voters Rolls. This is all the mbre important to bear in . mind because of the general election fast approaching. .Everyone de sirous of the welfare of the electoral districts in j which he resides should secure his franchise' if he desires to take part in the election of men to repre sent him and his fellow dwellers in the colony. " The arrival of the European mail has been very punctual this month. The letters were delivered ,yqsterday morning, and the greater part of the' newpapers this - morning. No time whatever was lost in the distribution of either; in fact the local Service is extremely well managed. In-our - next issue we shall give such extracts .from our /English and foreign files as may interest oilr- readers. Our Police Court report contains a rather singu lar case of interpleader, heard on . Wednesday last. The parties -live at J'ercydale, with the exception of "the execution ; creditors, Some curious evidence given during the extended hearing of the case, but \- we forbear commenting thereon . 2s it at present stands. We hope to have, to announce in our next the . evening fixed upon for the next amateur dramatic fperformance at Avoca for. hospital benefits. This is the .right season of the year for such entertain-. ;ments::which we have before said may be regarded 'by unprejudiced persons as both rational and in structive if they look at the subject from the right standpoint., -The monthly meeting of the Avoca Shire Council takes. .place next Thursday at Moonambel, when 'there .will no doubt be a quorum, as business of consequence has to be goLthrough. . \Ve ' are happy to say that Mr Henry Hall, the .Shirei Secretary, is able to get about as actively as usual; ouly feeling a little stiff and sore from the fall from his horse. \-- The choir of the Presbyterian Church have de termined to have the musical illustrations at the Forthcoming tea meeting as successful as practice ;cah render . it-. There are some really good voices in, the choir of.difFerent qualities, aud the organist .Mr Cranz, who is in all respects qualified, will carefully attend to the requirements to be pointed out at rehearsels. A child of parents named Owers, residing at Lexton, was yesterday brought in to Avoca, suffering from dipththeria to Dr. Morris, hut the Doctor- at once pronounced the case to be hopeless and the little sufferer which was of the age of nine years and a half has since died. "The Maryborough Advertiser of this morning is a distinct credit to the proprietor and the place of publication, ' It is a double number of eight pages, and contains some highly Interesting and entertain ing mutter, including a capital article .on Robert Burns with many graphic and telling quotations, and other sensible and well- written contributions. All the up. country Press should be proud of such a publication as indirectly sadvancing its prestige. The fancy dress ffiall .given by Mr Thomas O'Grady, Mayor of Melbourne, on Wednesday night at the Town Hall, in that city, was a gorgeous affair and unboundedly successful, "ain'dithe highly graphic description in yesterday's Argus is almost as picturesque""iin;words as rmust haye 'been. "the" scene written abouL VVieh :We say that it occupies, fifteen- columns of the Aryus pages, including the long list of guests, we need hardly add how imprac ticable it, is to give, even au analysis, of the bril liant scene; iii our" slidet 'of. to-day. There were between 1400 and 1500 guests present, including His Excellency the. Governor and Lady Bowen. A very' sad an'd'fatal accident occurred on board the ship Cape Clear, which took aTiumber of the Dallam Tower's passengers "to Sydney, while on her passage to that- port. On- Jiily 25! says the Sydney Morning Herald, "the day previous to her falling. in with the Dallam Tower, the ship running . before a stiff breeze and high sea, an apprentice named1 Alfred J ones fell- from the mizzen- topgallant rigg'»g) striking the ship's rail, and going over? board. Immediately on the alarm, being-given a life-buoy was- thrown; to .:.himj'Aand before anyone! could interfere; a fellow-apprentice' named William Dunnall sprang over the side to assist his shipmate. A boat with four hands was prorapt!y lowered,-and pulled in the direction .nointedjaut from the. sliip. ; but after an absence of over an hour, was' compelled to return without having succeeded in picking up: either of the unfortunate boys." .. A telegram from Brisbane, in the Sydney Morn ing Herald, says; — 44 A. horrible .and unprovoked outrage by the blacks near .Sharp. and William's machine, on Sunday (Aug. 17), has caused great excitement here. H arry Williams, part proprietor, and Samuel Blake, blacksmith, were killed. ;Rolls Kenley had one horse -badly speared." AH tlie miners were unarmed. -..There was a great .turnout; of miners and, ' townspeople on Monday "and Tues day. The_ blacks were encountered, but their force was "too s t r on'g 'andTlxeff"IioMtron Til accessThle! "and the miners aud townspeople we're jobliged to turn'- back. The native police are Expected to-day. Hundreds of wildhlacKTareripiveEin aHoutHe- fiantly. A stroifg "police "station is7urgently1""re- r quired." Xi ' \- A;cauripn,is.given ,to .children, fonil .of(,chrahing ! in the ' f oil o win g paragraph from AFe 'A f.arcit " A vertiscr : — 44 A littfd-bp'y lO.years'df jige,' the 'soil' of Mr A./M/illiam'so'n; methvitli5 a 'severe accident yesterday, while ainusing;himselfjinv.couipany;wiih:" some others in trying to walk upon ihe- panhel of a fence near Mr/Leopdld'ss"tpre;7 ;lh attempting t,hF feat lie' walkcd""upon arail '"whiclfFaTi off'foa featlier" edge, and missingihis fopfingrfell so thatTthX'lg; was caught in the pailing. \Vhen rescued it . was . found that the limb was broken in three piaces. Dr. Smeal is iii-attendance on thq patient, j Four boys, about 12 years old, named. George Smith, Edward Bpswell, J ohn Kinneally , and George Wheeler, were chargcd at the Prahran Police Court. on, Monday,. with wilfully /damaging church property, aud with , stealing cigars Yromi.ja7shbp; Evidence >yas . given that; ;qn; the ;12th ;inst;rf/the alnxs-box in St, Mary'FLiiurcIi. (R.C..), St. Kilda, was detatched froip -JHts; plgce; ; being given, the thieves were unable to carry it aay../ It was also deposed that on or abput-the -higlitT of the 20th inst,, rome p.erspns.brpkkihX the United Methodist Free Chu'rchV-Ghapei street, and did a vast amounoUmischief,. breaking the harmonium and pouring sacraraental ivine into it, smashing the library, injuring several of the hooks, and destroy- ingevarioiis other; articles. And it was -further de posed that some cigars had been recently stolen from the-shop of-iMnfi. Brownji: grocer, ' Chapel -streetv. The evidencft-inore or .less- tended to implicate the prisoiVetsin these offences, and Sergeant Parkinson; of the Prahran police, deposed that the boy Bos- well had confessed to him that he and the other prisoners had gone into the United Methodist Free Church, and done the injuries above referred to, On being put into the witness-box yesterday, however, Boswell denied that, he or the other boys had been near the church. A charge of sacrilege had been preferred against them, but it was with drawn. The Bench sent them to the training ship for seven years. On hearing the sentence they bellowed in concert, and began to criminate one A freak of nature which has recently occurred at Albury is thus described by a correspondent of the Argus 44 The wife "of a resident gave birth to a child, or children, of more peculiar formation than even the Siamese twins. The infants, neither of which lived after birth, were 'in' all"respects; well formed, excepting that they had only one stomach and abdomen between them ; from the head tothe arrapits tlie two bodies were.p.erfec.ty distinct, . and. from the lower part of the abdomen to the feet ; but from the. breast to the-abdomen- there- was- only- one body. The features on both ..heads rof this peculiar malformation, which w'as of the female, sex, were finely formed ; the infant had arrimLaf full! maturity, and was well developed. Local medical' men state that the monstrosity is different from anything that has -come/ under their observation, aud ;doubtless -will; be regarded with interest by the. profession generally," """ 7 I A Celestial correspondent; sends;-! dire -Ararat Advertiser the following 'interfstfffg ileVaiIsFL.« On the 29th August the Chinese will be getting ready for the !ahhi v.ersarjy :of the 4 Ghost Festival,'0 which will he on the SIstj and. be follow ed--hy ano'th'er feast on. 4th September,'; whenthey7honourA; their dead friends ;; ; at' the same time they burn all kinds of incense papeV. ' Some that can afford it buy clothes to burn, and ! thoseithaticannot bily paper instead, so that the dead j friends expect to have new clothes every year.' On the 30tli they "give notice to their dead friends about the feast by burn ing joss sticks, and .gold and sil ver ' coloured paper. The Chinese have this festival in every district. In the Ararat district there is; a population of about three or four hundred Chinese, of that number a hundred and fifty habitually smoke opium, the rest; of tbem smoke it sometimes. It costs £35 a week to buy the opiuih, and they life on rice which cost them £30 a week. All over the colony, the Chinese who smoke spend about £70,000 in opium every year. If they were to do without smokin .and gambling many of them' could save money and go home to -China. I he number of games they play at is about ten, fan-tan, lottery, dice, dominoes, cards, and other kinds of games, all unlawful." A sad and- fatal accident occurred on Mondav afternoon. A fine little boy, named John Whelan, aged two years and three months, the son of John Whelan, residing on board the lighter Sir Harry Smith, lying in the Yarra at the south side, oppo site Cole's wharf, was missed at about 1 o'clock from the deck of the lighter, on which he had been playing. It was feared that he had fallen into the \ arra, and the river was dragged. The supposi tion unfortunately proved correct.. At about 3 o clock Constable M4Breen succeeded in recoverm the body with the drags a few yards from the lighter. An inquest will be held. The body of the late Captain Archer, who was supposed to be drowned on the evening of the 9th inst., whilst sculling from the wharf to his vessel, the brigantine Douglas, in Corio Bay, was found on Monday morning, at about half-past 10 o'clock, by two fishermen named Edwards and Daniels' about a quarter of a mile from the Yarra street Wharf, a little eastward from where the vessel lay. The body, which is in a good state of preservation, has been identified. The only mark of injury is a very slight abrasion on the forehead. It is con sidered that the captain on leaving the boat at the- side of his vessel to get on board, lost his bold and fell into the water, and that this slight mark was caused as his head came in contact with the vessel while the boat went from under him. It is re ported that on the same night on which the occurrence took place, a fisherman heard more than one cry for a rope, and that he proceeded in the direction, but saw no one ; and that next morning he inquired on board the Douglas whether anything wrong had occurred. 'On the body were found two sovereigns, some silver, and some papers. The Argus says Mr Mackenzie's second report on the coal-fields of Victoria, which was presented to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night, is still more unfavourable to the character of our carboniferous deposits than the first. He has examined the lignite deposit at the Crossover, the thin seams of coal at' Barrabool Hills and Worm- bete, and the borings and shafts at Loutit Bay and Stony Creek, and he pronounces the whole of them to be practically worthless. Captain Anthony, of the barque Medea, which arrived in Corio Bay, from Newcastle, on Sunday evening, reports that on the eighth day from New castle,, having, reached Cape Liptrap, he met a heavy gale from The north-west, which was so .severe that/the barque 'drifted, .and he „ was, obliged to put back to Rabbit Island, 'where the vessel1 was windbouud five - days. On " tlie' i8th,- he- manned the boat, went ashore,; and found on the beach, between Rabbit Island' and Sealer's Cove, a large- boat of a ship; "about 400 tons register, . built of hardwood,- which- was in -a -sound state, with 'the exception that one or two-planks had started. The boat had apparently not been- long.in the;sea, there being only, a few barnacles upon it. The name was; obliterated,; but . the boat had originally been painted , a lead colour, and the captain thinks it is "just such a boat as might hiave belonged to the barque .Diinkeld, which went to- sea about three' years since' and was not afterwards heard of.! ; , : A . telegram from Sandh.urst, ! dated . Tuesday evening, say' : — -An old man 60 -years of age, named'' James Webster, a tinsmith by trade, was found dead by the police this evening in a wretched house in. Bridge, street. The cause. of death is;unknown, but it is supposed to be some chronic affection. On Examining "the,; premises the police fouud in old bags 67. soy er eigus, nine bank notes, £16. .in. silver, 'and :other coins,/- and '28.QZ" of gold, of :the value altogether of £200/' There "were- also deeds and -vvills-of-pr0Pe'ty at NewcastIeon-Tyne, and other valuable documents, .- The deceased had no friends or relatives in the district. In the City Police on. Wednesday morning two lads," one of- whom fsXn' empibj'e at the Daily Tele graph office, appeared to; answer a charge of . having intercepted and opened -letters containing -cheques, aiid by cashing!, the '.same' obtaining money due to the newspaper. The case is one necessitating con siderable investigation,: and the" presence of witnesses- from the Bank of Victoria at Queenscliff will be required- before) any-further- proceedings- can-be taken in the matter. : r!A remand has been made until Tuesday, bail being allowed to the boy James Donaghylh one surety. pf£oO. -y- .... 