ORICIKAL POETRY. A Kadina Watery Vision. A WARNING. The otlier morning early, Quite off the sleepy track, i saw a vision clearly Which took me quite aback: Kadina's holes of water Stood out before my gaze, And mighty men of slaughter They did that water raise; I saw that twenty waggons, With casks were filled on high, And men of pots and flagons Looked with a greedy eye. We knew they didn't outfitter, But this I heard them say— " Who wants a cask of water Must two-and-sixpence pay." Then came the dusty miller, And crusty bakers too, Saying, "We must keep oar siller, And goats and cattie ' slew;' Our storage is capacious, To store it then we'll try— Tliey can't say we're rapacious, For folks may come and buy." I saw the muddy bottom Of every water-hole— Tliey took it all, "odd rot 'em," The fire had no control. And now the scene was shifted: The sun was blazing hot, And dusty whirlwinds twisted And " polka'd " o'er each spot, And hot winds as from Hades Came madly rushing by— Alas ! Kadina ladies, The water-holes are dry. I saw their throats were parcliing And dried up with the dust, Their lovely necks were arching, Their eyes were filled with dust, And Eve's bewitching daughter, Upon that roasting day, Had not one drop of water To wash the dust away. Then blessed thoughts came over The people of all ranks, They thought to be in clover With water from the tanks; To order it they steered out, But heard upon their rounds, The miller one tank cleared out For just live paltry pounds. .A weeping and a wailing Now spread across the land, What could the tanks be ailing They could not understand. But men with wisdom streaky (Who thought they something knew) Declared the tank was leaky— Who dare say 'twas a do ? The second tank soon ended— The commerce then began; To those who water vended The thirsty people ran, And by the cask they bought >.p What should have been their own: It brings unpleasant thoughts up, Being "taken in" and "done."' Another sad disaster Now came into my view: Beyond the aid of plaister Affliction's came anew; A thousand goats were raging Around Kadina plain, Their thirst to be assuaging They sought the holes in vainj In shallow and in deep part They looked, but nought could see— Like Annie Laurie's sweetheart They laid them down to "dee." The horses, too, and cattle, That erst were round and fat, Their bones began to rattle, No drink could they get at. It was a shame most 'tarnal To hear their mortal groans; The tanks were like a cliarnel, filed round with skins and bones; And horses, goats, and cattle Now yielded up their breatli— Their bones had ceased to rattle, For all was still in death. But, lo J a great commotion Amongst the horned hosts Arose, and I've a notion I saw a thousand ghosts. I started, with eyes dilated, The quadrupeds did frown, Revenge they contemplated, And straight they rushed the town! The miller—he, poor fellw, For this did not prepare— The horns of a dilemma Tossed him into the air; And butchers, pubs, and bakers Fell on their bended knees— They shook like Indian Fakirs, When conscience ill at ease. The publican's soon yielded, Their spirits could not cheer, The ghosts their bodies wielded, And plunged them in their beer, The bakers next surrendered— Like alum they were ground— Their last accounts were rendered Where frost was never found; And last the men of slaughter To mince-meat soon were chopped— Through taking of that water The precious lot got whopped! So people all take warning, What is not yours don't hoard, Nor be the caution scorning Placed on the notice- board. A SURVIVING "BILLY." 