? s.roei? n ~nttqligqtu. . POVERTYr AND RAGS.---The son of a de I tveased clergyman, who has been milissing f?orsomre tune, and for informationr as -to whose supposed death in, some f 'thle col- I liery districts of Durhami.' , ow0ard has. been offered, has just been discovered un -:der, peculiar' cireum.%tances -'atl Bishop A:uckland, :For:the past, sevei,'yeahs .elihe has been hawking toys Iii that neighbour hood. in exchange for rags and bones; and having lately "been ii he ,.wis tunder .the necessity .of applyinrg to ;`the parish for relief. This led to the discovery?that lhe -was theli, persoi inqurl d u l'after b' the •authorities of LCambridge., Hisi name 'is -.William Macrof Seabroolr the sobnof the -late'Rev. Williani 'Seabirook bl d gri'dua ted at Caius Colleg?,;Cainbridge, and was .incumbent for som -':time of . Stansfiel'd; afterwards of' "Whickiamn Brdok;" Sifolk. 'His 'iother died iii the Clergy Alimfslouse at Cambridge. \ .. . NONPLUSSED.--At a lectdre de'lii~vred thli' other day at Boston yi ·Dr .' Willett, :the lecturer mentioned a disagreeable in cident which occurred to him' respecting an owl. -It seems that Dr Willett. is .a connoisseur in bird stuffing and is in the habit of criticising :?othe`- people's bird stuffing severely. " Walking one dtty with 'a gentleman, he stopped 'at :a window where a gigantic owl Waivs exhibited. "t You see,' said tlihe doctor. to his friend, " that there is a mngnificent bird utterly ruined by unskilful stuffing. ' Notice the mounting.. Execrablo, isn't it ,. No living owl ever rested in' that `position. And the eyes arn' fuilly' t third.larger than any owl ever possessed.'' At. this' :mo mnent.the stuffed bird raised one footand 1 •solemnly blinked at his critic; .who said very little moroe respecting stuffed owls I that afternoon. CANINE SAGACITY. - The following story is told of the sagacity of acouple of rlogs.belonging to a cowherd resident on tthe ,Woissonstein; °an. well-known tnoun %tain n ,;the- neighbourhoodi of, Soleure. While amfurious snow storm :was rxgin.g, the hordsmoen were surprised by the- dogs I le'aving the hut, and then at somine distne Bsetting up.'an -unusuaL howling and whin ing. One of the men proceeded to the dpot whonce tli6 soun d 'camne, nd there : fotind in thel s.sow a : irlf-frozen woman, i whom the-dogs had wiakled to ?conscious ne.w by licking her face and hiinds. She I' was so exhausted? litat she coild.- not speakl she, howovsri'pointed to a spot a short distance: off;' whore:was found\th~ body of hir husiand, wlaho lhad succumri ed to the cold: ,Tlhe poor wooman,.as carried to the heirdsmain's hl t wlia llshe soon re- " covered. _Slie and her husband, were on their wayfriom Soloure to Cremino, when, . being overtaken by. light aid- the storm, they lost their way. · - - c AN.EXCrITING' HUNT. Some constables c in I arringdon, Street haid a ery exciting r lthief- ihunt' the'6 other = diay: : h werey 1: 'cailed on by :iakeri to :°enforce paynieit i 'of certain sausage rolls to which t vonmen 1 and. a.;woman 'had coolly helped :themsel- i 'es. :After two 'constables; had been r ho?s de Icomnbbat one of the iuffitins, Jisse , Chamipiionh ? escapeed thirouigh: Farringdon r Mabio ieib' o Brazier's Buildings, .where he s got:out2on the i'oof and amiused himself e by dropping tiles on the heiads of his a pursuers W hen: ho jeeringly ,deolined l' many invitations to descend quietly, the I1 ?onstables crossed the shtee? isd h ih avng i made 'a Itsso ipracti?eed upon hiit it e till they c~iught liimi by the neck?. He a then' relented ;so fair as; to comeodown, d but only to renow to fight' on terras fan lic At last hilf"a 'dozen"'men overpow'id?d c him; ands conveyed -him"' to', the-: station: a For afforcling. this afternoon's amusement to Brazioer'sBuildings; and damaging 'in numeinable helmets, Jesse Champinon ; vas a.wvarded'?dvith foui~ months 'imprisonmdnt f -A "every old 'inhabitant' of; Fratnce perished last autuninat, Chantilly. '-This' a was.an :exceedingly ancient citrp, a per- b feet patriach among fishes, hisago'being 'r, no loss, than- 375 years.:, He was ayoung tl fish.if'tlioreignof- Francis I.; and having s been, we may presume' orie of those pri- j vileged fishes'that pass their lives ini .ar ble' `basins; his; inexpressive eyes must hareo Witrissad g odt a few chaniges in:'the costnfm and manners of his ,successivo huianl contemnoraries. His: last:: owner ic purchased him in 1871 for 1,900f..... f e r met his' fate froitii the jawsi of a'enor- Ic mous pike, whichli attacked ,him;., with ai what intent it is difficultito qunderstand ai seeing thab? fthe' carp Was',over 3 feet in tI length' 'andabout. 2½ ?feet round : thetc th ck??st rt off hi 1body ..... ,,. tI AoinYE L A LrWacTINw. Mr Rigby 8s Wasoi applied otb thed Westminster police w magistratoe on Febriiary 5 for suminhonse~s - againstsMr.Gladstone ana the .Ohaniiellor ri of' the Exclhequer,reqixirng thaem, toshow s cause w.hy an incdictment shouildli not be bi preferred aaainist themfiforhlit ig with??i - ouit:itheaut'i~hority of Parhiamqn .deleg- fr gatedit:.o0 .bhe directors of :the:iBanksof fr England ":the :regulation of that.part of w the currency:which consist of blankl- or notes.". Mr Woolrych, aftei having heard m the it pliliet at someengtghlrefused "to '1 entertain his:requtiest,?whereupon Mr Wa- or son intihiatedithat he sholiduld ask difthe i superiorciiots for a mandame?sr against sc tho magiiith?ti o compel hih to deal ith t the case. ," , - ', hi ANOTHETR COLLISION :'AT SEAk:" i-Ti tlt Amb+4itah.iguritini'1·6Allits,' frofi "LTi1 fo .dO Wl h' gendral cargo, fqr, B j; eoi pu? o,51 .2fymnoutih on J3an. 2G: .digbbled. hi andlier.captain killedi After being eat in pldved-foi:- sei'ral'weeks' beating domn of thdd'ihhiihhol1'agains6t the late adversd w weatI?bEto'haidarrivcd eight miles south- th eash of the Lizard, when she was- run into sc by'alarg0 barque, the officers of 'whicli: refusedeto give her name, and left with- 'w out rendering any assistance. The brigs th antine's captain was crushed by a spar th wvhile 'endeavouring to get his wife on ly board the barque. One of the brigan- tv fine's crew is missing; he is supposed to w have climbed on board the barque. so I A. FEMALE.uE SAlon.. - Abbut. three mI onths ago a beardless, rosy-faced young e- person ,of some eighteen summers, rigged gI out in.regular Jack Tar habiliments, made to application at a certain Whitby office to ,1- be apprenticed to a vessel :belonging to is. that port.. Articles were signed binding the -"smarrt-looking young man"for the ,p usual term of apprenticship, and the sailor 10 got safely lodged in his "bunk." Shortly r- afterwards the vessel sailed from Whitby d laden with coals for Malaga. During the e voyage, which was a rough one, the new ar apprentice behaved "himself" like a man, e 'doing the regular sailor work, and seem to ing to- have great pluck in- going aloft, is and pertorming duty there with such ae spirit that older hands were rather as I-, .tonished.. No suspicions as to the real Ls sex of the now _ apprentice were ai-oused until the vessel arrived at her destination, . where" the deception was discovered, and e the new apprentice turned out to be a fe male. The young spark bade farewell, d for a time at least, and it is to be hoped t, for ever, to the rough work of a sailor, and donned the clothes of her sex. The g captain of the vessel had the articles can a celled, and re- engaged the "apprentice"as e stewardess of his ship, and, after taking in 1\. a cargo of esparto grass, loft Malaga and 1i arrived at Aberdeen a day or two ago. v Many a laugh the sailors enjoyed as the I. yarn of the doings- of the female sailor 1, went round during the heome ward voyage. SThe "now apprentice" is a stoutly built 4 a female, and as her hair is not very long, 1 o she has a thoroughly masculine appear ance, and it would have been a sharp eye n that could have detected the deception when 'dressed as a sailor. We hear that I the female will give no reason for' the 1 foolish freak. It is thought that she is a a native of. Whitby. BUirmYING THE WRONG TVorAN.-A re markable case was recently reported at f Waterford. For some weeks past; a Mrs Keane, wife of a man named Johni Keane residing in Alexander-street, in that 'city, lhad been in the Union. iospital, and on IJan.. 2, .a messenger from the union brought him. intelligence of her death. He I iminediately repaired to the *worRidouse, and having satisfied himself of the accur. * acy of the 'report, he proceeded to the :agent of the St. Patrick's Buirial Society in the city,' a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certi . ficato of death, he received £3 10s, the amount due to him under the rules of the society. Hlo next proceeded to the un- 1 dertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it. up to,the workhouse, had tho roemains iplaced in it and, conveyed to his own residence. ,The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbours assembled, an d the general impression of 'all- who saw the' corpse was that the deceased had greatly changed since they last sawv her. The remains were followed to the grave by a host of- sorrowving friends and solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The griave, however',closed over the remains; and All returned home sorrowing. Keano pro- i ceded 'to work next day, and a.t night I retuined to his desolate horne. While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted C and in walked Mrs Johii Keane, and, doe. lighted at being again restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacy begani kissing him., Kuano was at first horrified, and, like IHamlet ad dressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really, mortal. Mrs Keane C could not understand poor Keano's con duct at first. When Keane's bewilder- a mint, began to cetis lie he arratedl all the story of the funeral, and Mrs Keano screamed with laughter at the wake and v funeral:' Koane immediately proceeded d to the union; and there ascertained' that n a; Mrs Keane had really died in the house but that she was the wife of a John Koano residing in Peter-street:. On hearing of 0 ther mnatter the agent of the St Patrick a Society was furious, because the second' c John Keane was not - member of the society. The whole affaiir has caused the greatest amusement in the city.: A SAVAGE LOYVE-CHIASE.-IIn ow Me- c Ia ico, whei'oyoung ladies are ,ssearce, five 'e men once .wooed the same damsol. - The ?A Slovers;- it 'seems; were all" equally lioor n and-disreputable. .The girl did.not love 1 any of themi but she feared them all. As si the wooing waxed war m the lovers began t1 to indulge in thlneats bf, shobting and t throitl-cutting; : arid one of -them,- more rpJ savagoe: than, the rest, declared' linthab he o w:mould cut thel:;throat of the girl himself it rnither than soe her the owife of any of his - riivals. .:.This so frighten'ed i thio giiltlihat C she resolved,ol n flight. -Makin_ ample a but secret preparations, she fled one be morniig on horseback, to the rancho of acc friend, distant nearly one hiuidrd1 miles is fromiher homne.. :The ndxtday hier flight at w-as discovered, and the five.lovers.set, t 'out in pursuit, every ,ono of theoni deter- 1 minecid to catel her and mar'y hr o::' die. SI They rode ir "comipany till the liors'e of .J. one begani to ifill bohind,.when lio insisted thrit the:others should slacken-their speed ti so as to give him an equal chance. ,This or they refused :to do; wvhereuponl he drelw co his' :revolv'ei rind- commenced- to fire at fo tliheir :horsdes.' This so maddenned' the th four -other lovemrs :that'.thoyl opered: fire th on their' assaiint, and. shot hliim rnd his cc horse, but not till' he had wounded and m lamed two of theiir horses. The owner's fe of the.wodndi'ed :horses, seeing thit they .pt would be distanced in the orace, demanded at that their comrades should give them an b equal chance by aill going on foot. This tii proposition being declined, a second fight m 'was immediately.bogun, whiclh ended in m the death of- tivo of tihe combatants; and ye the wounding of the other two so serious ly that theyr could .inot proceed. - :After m rwo day's suffering, -the - wounded men fo were found by an, party of explorers, and la sont to a cabin where they coald have a ee such help as the limited rescources of a ,g frontier settler's family could supply. ad There one of them soon died; and the de other, after a long illness, recovered suffi to ciently to ride away on- horseback in to search of some old companions. 'Ho did ig not propose to go in search of the girl ie again as he had heard of her marriage )r to a cousin who was skilful with a bowie ly }knife, and a dead shot. >y A NOVELr MODE OF PoIsoNIrNC.-A 1o girl about eighteen years of age, thel w daughter (f honest parents in Perugia,has n, committed suicide through having been 1- crossed in a love affair by her parents; ', The hot-headed girl told them that as h they would not consent to her marriage "- Iwith the young man of her affection; she l did not know what to do with her, un d happy life, and she must die. She was :, talking thus in the coolest manner possi d blewhilst dlrinkinga cup ofooffecin which' she had previously boiled the heads of a 1, I quantity of lucifers, and in two hours d afterwards she was a corpse, to the des-: r, pair of her parents, who out of love for e her tried to prevent a marriage which \- they knew could not. turn out for. the .s happiness of their child. ' n The marriage of Highness the Sheriff d of Guazan with an English Christian lady. . Miss King, took plaed at Tangier, :oni, e January 17. The bride rode to the Eng? 1 *r lish Consulate on an Arab horse, covered' with a scarleot saddle and cloth embroidc t ered with gold, and was presented by the' , bridegroonm. The marriage was merely a civil ceremony, and was perrornmed by. e Sir John Drummond Hay. -The bride a groom appeared in a flowingEastern dress t of dark blue, and was escorted by a guard e of Moorish soldiers to the Victoria Hotel, EL where all the Consular body were present. His Highness has now four -wives.. Miss King, by her marriage to a Mahonimed t an, forfeits all pr"tection of the English" law. Ti?E VINE DISEASE.-M. Duclaux, who t was charged b3y the Paris Academy to t "examine into the new vine disease; which f has lately been so destructivo to vinyards it points.out ,that: the -more or .less rainy character of the -winter, and especially of i, October and Novcmber, is an important ' element in the case... Light rains have' merely the efleot of sending the Phylldx era down frnom the supe ficial- to the deeper. roots, and thus .its ravages are c even increased. It is only when the water accumulates in masses, and witl' pressure as in inundations,, that the in sects are killed by it. The-severe floods of the last few months arc consequently regarded as having been beneficial: ' A NEw SAINT.-Advices receoivcd from Rome state it to be the Pope's intention b to canoniso Mary Queen of Scots. \Mis Buno?'s -ll1stnu:ii.-Yoe, rs ago there lived in Warren county a good and pious .minister of the Metholdist church, the Rev. Mr Burge. His young eight year-old Watty, was mischievously ad- " lieted to the habit 'of pcrlodiing from a his mother's closet sugar-from the basin. Remonstrance both by fitherhaiid miothoe a proved of no avail; and though \Vatty protested his innocence the old lady sild she would watch for him land chastise him. .'he Rev. Dr. Closs, the presiding elder of the conference district in passing' though the section halted at Mr i' Burgo's to speod the night. Lcwaes as-' signed a room adjoining - the closet, the scene of young Watty's depredations. At the first dawn of day :on the follow ing morning 'the reverend I geotlemail t arose from his couch. and lprepl:ir td theo closet, a door of which ,opened into his room, to attend to his morning devotionis t and, unfortunately for him, knelt near tl the usual position of the Sngar basin. At c tlins moment Mrs Burge h' d occasion to ' visit the closet, and quietly opening the door discovered Vatty in the very act, 'c as she thought. Highly incensed, she administered soverol severoe taps uponi the devoted bhald head of the picsidiin, e elder before sheodiscoverod ier .i mistake,i adding, at the same time, "I liave: "' caught,you steitling the sugari at last, have'I 1'. m I A LONG TIME CooLrNo.-After: being I allowed four months to cool, the two last C and largest of the heavy castings fort the ni colossal steam-hammer which is to be at. 'erected in the gumr ithetories at the Royal at IArsenal are being removed fi:omn the it moulds in which thoy wreo cast at the .c Dial Square, and conveyed towards the 10 site prepared for the hammer. Each :of oa these castings -wdighs upwards of 100 eli tons, the one being the tipper 1oundation -h plate: (bou, , 22?foote square) and -te iof other the invl block which wil reost: upon i it; , .; " -': . " .CTf Tracn nonuls CASE.--CON?TMPT OF to CounT.-On JanuoD;y.28, MIr Shipoith, bl a barrlister, and:the Claitiant appoeied th bofero the J udges to answer their alleged he contempt of, the- Court in speeches do- for liveied by .them at a public mneetinug he:ld' th at Brighton. lBoth gentlemion defended th themselvcs, and aftoer a patient hearin_ fle Mr Justieo . Blackburn- sentenced i Mr oi Shipworth to-imprisonmenit in- Holloway VT Jail for three calenlodar months, !to be fined him R500, and, further, to bo,imprisond- un- i fire til the line was paid.: Tmhe Claimmit was in ordered .to enter, into.his o'wn r'ecognisan- to cos of £500, with one or mnore sureties;. qu for his good behaviour: for the o-spaco of tth three months.: The, nocessary surety, in he the-person of 'Dr Ativood, boingforth :lhi coming, he was discharged. :? The "Olar tael mant read a statement in. whichli he ' de- 'at fended the course: which lhad bedriim-'l ris puigned by tlhe itwv, offihers of the Orbwn; ,E and arguedthatholit :had:beeri projudqed [!i bly the law and .the press: ¶' If (he con tinued) you fine me, ybu will takie .from .tlh me the fundsvwhich' Ihiave cbllected for- mn my defence; ;and if'.you iinprison minel;no you will render- my defence impos.sible." on hAn- extraordinary gease of roligious. lti mania is reported from Leicestershir". A -t e few day's ago it seems the mRov. ?W; l'anlchl 'dm late curate of Melou Mfowbray; arrived ini a Melton from an excursion in Ireland we I and took up his abode at the house of ai ?Y" friend, Mr Anderson. Early the next he morningMr Anderson was aroused by the \- rev. gentleman calling upon him to take in out his right eye. On Mr Anderson go id ine to him he found Mr March had cut i1 of? his right hand, and was in the act of eO goulrging out his right eye with a pen e- 'knife and razor, but was'unable to com plete the latter act through - weakness A from loss of, blood. Assistance being ob e hained, his arim.was tightly, bandaged to 'a prevent further loss of blood;. Drs Po un well and Roberts, who were speedily on s tihe spot'performod a. propor amputation is of the arm, and is an evidence of- the se state of mind- of the rev., gentleman it 1e may be stated',that during the .operation I- le was remarkably. calm, and complimen. t s ted the medical men on their skill. Near I- to him on. a' table was found a Prayer. h' Book and Bible, the latter being open at a the passage where it says, 'If. thy right t s hand offend theecut it oat,". &c.; Mr March 1 it is satisfactory to know, is making ,fa- '" r vourable progress. , h .RENDEIRING PAPERi TRANSPARANT -- Co White paper of any kind may be rendered." tcmporarily transparent by mzoistening it: ff with benzine, in which condition it may be' Y, used as a tracing paper,-' After a 'timethe I! enrziue will evaporate; and the original,,o ( pacity of the paper will be restored to it; In' d this way a design can be transfered to any \- sheet of"paper without'the necessity of. em e ploying regular tracing paper for the puir 1 Y pose. . Y A singulari'elopment has just taken place 1 from Nottingham. An olderly gentleman r {S residing at a village near. Southwell' came c d to Nottingham, .witlh., his wife and only 9 i, daughter, the carriage being driven by, the ' t"' coachman. They put-up at the Lion hotel i IS and the coachman wasordered:.to have .the t carriage ready to return home, at half-past r h one. At that hours the: carriage was, not ready, and the coachman could not be found ' o the daughter being a' o missing.' The gen 0 tleman and his wife waited some hours; and, r h as the coachman did not °' turn up," one-of i ithe servants' at the' Lion .was engaged to e Y di.ivtlche ciarriage home. 'It was afterwards s f 1ascertained that the coachman and his younig t mistresshired a caband wvere driven to'Long- o e borough. Nothing has, beenl hard of them o since. It is said that tlih lady, who is about i 0 80 pearsof,nage, has,iri hei own right an in i 0 come of £8300 a year, bequeathed to her by a e her grandfather, who died some years agoo' 1? The coachdih n is said to:be almnost 50 years. of age,'and has left at the village on .his; s Inaster's estate a- wife and ;four children. As I may be 'supposed, the affair; has: caused t much excitement and unhappiness in:,the: 1i young woman's faimily,¾and active cfforts,are s 1 being made to discover the runaway, lovers. 1( A 'FEARFUL :VISIToh.- he ParisASboir relates the following: story:.A-' A da: iadme Bonneau,'liviog in theRue .Descartes, .was sitting in her parlour a : few :days ' since a waiting her husband's return to dinner,whan' a man of wild and haggard 'appearance en tared, and, seating himself::opposite to heir, addressed hre in the "follbwing: .terms: "'I cam a great. doctor..; I: can -.effectully cuire, all headaches.' :.I have .hlard that you suffer a from the cause, andtI am comeic to cure you:r The lady,, perceiving that sh c,had to deal with a madman, prudently scemed: to fall la into his humour, and asked what - was:: his 'method of .treatment. .:',Simple enough '1i Madame,' said he,.drawing a razor from his tc pocket; 'I cut off thehead, .and then; after j having well cleaned it, I c;placeiitupon ithe I shoulders,' -Upon, this he prepared'to suit I the action of his words. I MadamnoBorinead; pi with great. coolness, professed her readiness ` to submit to, the operation, but suggested te that she should fetch a towel from.the next ` room to prevent her dress from being stain ed. Her visitor. assented to:.the reasonable- ; ness of :this suggcstion,'.and. she left :-the o" room locking the door:,behind her. ::Upon hi her return with some, police 'officers they; 'j "fdund that the untifortunate maniac !had st cut, his ownithroat, but not fatally .'---It was asc( rtained that he had escaped from aialu- at natic asylum at Clermont les Prbs,:and had 'been vainly sought for during a whole be month.". , .... -, A HErtoI?NZ Ar; woman 'naimed -Vcrgintiei Chesquiibres has jist died in the .Pedita MdQ 'I nages Asylum, at Issy, withini 55 :days of Qi attaining.her hunidredth y·eadr '- A' reimark.- di able act of hcroisii' is i'elated of itiis "feniale; inddr the first Enipir,'e- Itviwas during ani ch engagement in the Pdninsulais War ith'd6-' tor lnal:oof the 27th:Reginefit had ?bee killed £1 and left on the ground when theliscje'ant, a bu slight yoong man, and two soldicis devoted brm themsclves; to. rcovcring theo body ofitheir. ba office- .They started 'together bunt the tivo: .(n me?iere strhuckl downobn the: vay,'nd the. scrgeant- only reached:the spot;i :attchp-l' ted to lift the corpse on to hisUhoulders, 1 but wsia to. weuk to do so; perceivcd two of the enemy at h distance he .made signs'as if he were. wounded)'and tlio others hasteiied forward expecting to mnake aiprisoncr;,whcn the sergeant fired and'brought down one of them, then seized his horse--tothelothe. had fled-b ot the body on it;, mounteildbhimself r iarn: galloped back. toa the7J French "lihnes. Thmrce it was seen thatithe young rmnn,~aiis at himseli a wounded, as iblood was floFing frecly from his ,breast; he washundressed T in spitceof, his resistance; i~hen he was founid to bhoa q woman :le It; tasVeorgiliio OCheis-: lquidres, of Dehlmont, in the Depoartment of , the Nord,i who, six: years becfore: seeing her young brothedrawn ini the coiscriptimoi, had .drcssed icrself inl. men's clothes; and s taking: his :place ~ihadM. ib.eeihncor: rec atcd m n;? the?: 27th ,Re! ment, ~andhalil] risen to tlie.gradit'ofserjeanit. ,iThisissthepe woian Who has-just died!in. the asylum~iat, ye:En f'-mN-u,"a M'Xa, c We heartha. t ?.h, f , .thliiltra-,litualist party .were:inigreat cdm motion about the nmarriage. Of the.son, of. ai noblemansof high rank to the i daughter of p on of the most eminent Jewish families na- ofai touralisod in , England ; OnFeb.: 'S2nd ithei u: 'tev. ;Mr.' West strongly:cen sured the inten ded aliancefTromn the pu!pit, without nam- r ing the parties,and it is mimoured that there was a combination among the Ultra-Ritual L ists to prevent.a licence from being gran t ted. CELESTIAL TRAFFIC.-In 1872 upwards of ]00,000 lbs of human hair were impor ted into Marseilles, from inquiries it appears that the stock came principally from China. The utilisation of pigtails for European exquisitesisacurious result of Anglo French victories in the Empire of the Sun. American girls are certainly more inde pendant than ours are; more accustomed to take care of themselves; not less really domestic in their hearts, but less tied to their mothers apron strings; frankerin their speech, and more ready to tell, youn about themselves, their circumstances, their famini lies. There is a kind of French, verve and force about them, but there is also Teutonic truthfulness. Then there is a nimnbleness and versatilityof mind, aswell as a self-posf session of manner, whiehputs one at his ease from the first.- Where. an Etglish ,girl throws the weight of her conversation upon her partner, -an American girl takes: it uii, ,draws him out; and perhaps chaff3 himini a ,genial fashion, and expresses her ;opinionr freely on all the.topics that turn up.. 