The Haunted House on the Parramatta River. IT waa on the 26th December, 1851, that Borne friends residing in and near Syd ney arranged for a pic-nio up the Parra matta Hirer, at a Bpot famed for its picturesque beauty It was to bo a Bol ect party, and several high officials and members of Parliament and their fam ilies were to bo present. At an early hour preparations were progressing rapidly. Mrs. Ellerton's cook had the hamper packed before breakfast and was looking out for the dinner rolls that had been ordered. Mr. Bussell was in his well starched collar at eight o'clock to select the wines to bo used on the occasion ; and Mrs.' Morris, who was rather proud of her house keeping powers, had quito mado up her mind, and told her daughter, too, that her chicken pie, lobster salad, gooseberry tart, and the rest of her choice dishos, were superior to any that could be pro duced by anybody else that day. At eleven o'clock all had assembled on board the Firefly, a small steamer char tered for tho occasion. Old and young had met togother resolved to enjoy themselves to the fullest oxtont, and for - ono brief day at least to " drive dull caro away." All looked bright and happy, and tho little steamer aped on its way through the smooth waters as some people seem to glide down life's stream, without a caro or sorrow ; but, like tho shadows on tho silvery rivulet, shadows will some times throw themselves across the paths of the happiest of earth's mortals, re minding them that' this world is not their homo, Am I expected to give a minuto account of tho party now sitting in groups under the awning of the Firefly ? Must I toll how fresh and lovely Helen Dunlop looked, as ßhe and her lively cousin Kate listened with eagerness to tho tales and adventures related by one of tho young officers of H.M.S Blunderbuss ? Is it needful to say how jolly Dr. Lucan ap poareil, or how his amiable wife was endeavouring to describo her recent visit to Europe to an old German lady who had been out in the colony since child hood, aud could hardly understand the wonderful changes that had taken place in tho Fatherland? I thiiik my readers would rather havo some of the details of this merry party left to bo filled in by their own fortilo imaginations. The wooded banks of the river aro swiftly passed and many a yacht or other sailing craft left behind, only to catch up again, as the wind freshened, to tho Firefly ore another milo had been tra versed. Bat now the point is passed where tho pleasure seekers had to land and spend tho day. It was a lovely spot, the banks high and rocky hore and gently sloping there, with shrubs and forns growing luxuriantly in tho deep hollows. Select patches of verdure were to be found, almost washed by the rippling waters of the re turning tide ; and to one of these little lawns our gay party betook themselves. Tho servants, directed by some of the useful members of the party, soon com menced their preparations for the dinner, a very impor tant event in the day's proceedings. The wines had to bo iced, the salad dressed, the tire made to boil the potatoes, all tho good things unpacked and spread on tho damask tablecloths to look as much as possiblo like a grand entertainment out of doors. This is surely a mistake. If holiday seekors could Sut their dinner tablos and appendages out of their ends for a time, and content themsolves with sand wiches and fruit, easily packed and conveyed to their sylvan retreat, how much time and trouble would be saved, how much moro leisure would Materfamilias have to rest and enjoy nature and all her beauty, instead of putting herself and Betty, tho cook, into a fever for a week previous, in case her contributions should not come up to her neighbours' in point of culinary perfection. " Dinner in less than an hour, young people," cried Mrs. Kllerton, as she saw a group of merry faces look ing over tho rocks above her. " And we shall certainly not wait for you," added her husband, as he took the morning's paper from his pocket and, with spectacles on, betook himself to a quiet nook, on a heap of shawls, to enjoy, as ho declared, a peacoful half- hour for the first time that morning. Miss Beauchamp wandered along tho wooded path, accompanied by some of hor young friends, until they loft tho rest of their party far behind, when they came in sight of a large house, having a very neglected and desolate appearance. Tho gardons wore overgrown with weeds, and the broken feuces covered with creeping plants, while shrubs and fruit trees grow in luxuriant disorder around. At a short distance from this neglected dwelling stood a cottago, whitewashed and trim ; and to this humble abodo Aunt Jessie, as she was called by her young favourites, directed her steps. Sho was met at the door by a comely Irish woman, whose .countenance bespoke good humour aud kiudlinoBS. It was evident to the listeners that these two had met before, for in quirios and answers passed rapidly bot ween them. At length Miss Beauchamp asked why the houso was not inhabited aud in better repair. Mrs. Reilly replied that its ownor. Captain Power, had tried to let it. " But sure, miss, it is of no use, for ovoryono far and near says it is haunted ; and when a barrister from Bydnoy carno down and took it, ho had to give it up loug before the year had expired, for his wife was so sickly and nervous that sho declared, there wero ghosts going up aud down stairs all tho night !" " Do tell us what all this moans ? " exclaimed Helen. " Porhaps this good woman will give us sonic account of tho family sho has served for mauy years," said Auut Jessio. "'I morely know them when they first arrived in the colouy and lived next us for some time. Kathleen Travers was then young and blitho as you aro, Helen," Well, miss," said Mrs. Reilly, " it is nn old story now ; but Büro it scums but as yestorday to mo sinco old Mr. Travers died. Ho was a clergyman, and had a fiuo living in tho county Limerick. Just boforo a snd ovout took placo that caused rich aud poor to mourn. His eldest daughter, who was my foster Histor, was married to hor cousiu Captain Power. Sho was ns good os sho was haudsonio, but it was Miss Kathleen who was the favourite «uni pride of tho family. Oh 1 when I speak of hor it makes my lmnrt ache to think of all sho wont through. Tho Captaiu sold out of tho army and brought his family to Australia. Ho always had a great dostro for shcop farming, and bought a lino station on tho Murray. Miss Kathleen accompaumd them, for nothing could persuado her to remain behind, although hor aunt, Lady Rochford, promised to leavo her all her fortune if sho would only consont to livo with her in THE PICNIC AT THE HAUNTED HOUSE. Dublin ; and, indeed, she bad an elegant house in Mer rion Square. But our darling preferred a rough bush home, where she could, as she said, assist and cheer her sister up. And well did she keep her promise ; for a happier home was not to be found, up or down the banks of the Murray. Well do I know it, for. you see, I was with the family all the time. Pat was overseer. We were married a few weeks before sailing from Liverpool, and Miss Kathleen was my bridesmaid ; and by the same token she gave me this locket with her father's and mother's hair it it, bless her heart ! It was before the family wont np tho country, miss, that we lived near your aunt Mrs. Beauchamp, in Macquarie- street, and sure you are right in saying that Miss Kathleen was merry and happy, like these yonng ladies, If yan could only have seen her along our weary journey to the Murray. She was like our guardian angel, as Father O'Shea would have said. When Mrs. Power was com pletely cast down and wishing, ns sure anybody would wish, that they bad never left old Ireland, our darling laughed and joked at all our little misfortunes, as she called them. She was the first amongst us who could make a dampor-that is, ono that was fit to eat. She nulled and played with the baby, and always put Miss Lina to sleep when her mamma and I could make no hand of her. Then, on the station, who was it helped mo churn the butter ? Who kept the accaunts as well as tho schoolmaster in tho parish could have dono F And who was it who was ever ready to help tho traveller and the poor man looking for work ? Ah ! it was Kath leen Travers, tho best young lady in the world, and sure I have seen a few of them. Oh ! wisha, I could talk of her all day for tho matter of that. Two years after wo went to live on the Murray the owner of the next station returned homo, and his nephew, younsr Norman Gray, was sent to manage Pino Hill. I nm but a poor woman, Miss Beauchamp, without any learning ; but still I don't like to hear peoplo from the old country reflecting ns they ofton do on tho young men in this colony-" colo nials," as they call thom. Why should thoy not be as good as their forefathers, I'd like to know ? Is it be cause my little sons Mick and Tim were born out in Australia that they are not to bo as honest, good, and bravo as their uncios who fought in tho Peninsular War ? Mr Norman Gray was born and brod in New South Wales, and a finer young man was not to be soon, no. as Pat says, not oven in the county of Limerick. Ho was a roal gentleman. No ono was able to beat bim in any work ho wished to do ; and Pino Hill was tho best maunged station then on tho Murray. Sure it was soon Miss Kathleen found that out, andadvisod Captain Power to try the same plans, for you seo tho Captain was not much of a hand amongst cattlo, sheop, or horses, ex cept driving his buggy about ; so his station was not paying well at this time. After thoy bocamo neighbours things unproved, for Mr. Norman pavo his assistanco and advice. I must not say too much about thoso happy times, happy for 113 all, but thrice happy for our dear young lady, for Pat says when I begin Tcan never stop. Wo had bonn four years up tho country when it was made known to all tho friends at homo that Miss Kath leen was to marry Mr. Gray. Captain and Mrs. Power woro well pleased at it ; bub as littlo Lina, their oldost chi'd, had boon ailing for soino tim", it was thought better that tho family should como near tho sea for a change. So this littlo property wa« bought by tho agent down hero, and ofter wo were quito Kottlod Air. Norman Gray joined tho parly He wished bin marringa .to tako place in Syduoy. After two months had puosod tho day wus fixed for it. I could not toll, mis*, »ll tho beautiful presents our young lady received, liven ber aunt bad forgiycu ber for preferring a lundi lifo to living in hor woll furnished mansion. Tho old lady wrote that thorn was no accounting for young ladies' fancies now-n- diiys, but when aim was young thoy had just to do as thoy ' worn bid, However sho sent hornoico lino prosonts and a largo sum of money At tho timo thoy woro all boro I this was a vory pretty place, and many a pleasant hour i was spent by the family in boating and fishing. Pat could sail a boat welt, as he had often done before in Cork harbour ; so the Captain always took him with him. Sometimes they all made excursions into the country, and took thoir victuals with them. But how can I finish my story ? I must hurry over it or my heart will break. A week before the wedding was to take place Mr, Norman heard of his uncle's death, and that he had left him a large property in Ceylon, a coffee plantation I think they called it; but it had been badly managed, and his agent said it required his presence. He urged that his marriage must take place first, but Captain Power would not hear of it until his return. So, after many sad scenes, it was arranged that; Mr. Norman should leave for five or six months. But oh, miss, he never returned. The ship foundered at sea, and all hands were lost. "When tho news reached us here, it seemed too dreadful to be true. I must just pass over many months. Captain and Mrs. Power went back to Ireland, and thought Miss Kathleen would of course go with them, but when all was ar ranged, and the vessel on the point of sailing for Europe she refused to go, saying sho would never leave Australia, They did all they could to persuade her to chango her mind, but to no purpose. My master and mistress were obliged to go homo on business of Borne importance, and Pat and I wore to havo the cottage and orchard ata Bmall rent ; and we wore to look after the house. So you see, miss, that our poor young lady determined to stay with me. There was no help for it, She was just let do as sho liked, and for I two years at least she wandered about the houso and garden, for all the world like a ghost. The place got from this the name of being haunted ; but I have often said to Pat, that it would be well if every houso was hauntod by as quiet and gentle a spirit as our dear Miss Kathleen's. Tho Powers did not roturn, in consequence of the Captain's continued illness, and at length, in reply to her sister's repeated entreaties, the dear broken hearted girl consented to go homo. There she has devoted herself to works of charity ; and, wherever a sick or poor person is to bo heard of, thero will Miss Travers bo found, ministering to their wonts. This place, as well as tho station, will soon bo for sale, and wo aro only waiting to hear by noxt mail, what our master's wishes aro." " Oh ! do let us go through tho houso," exclaimed tho young people at ouco, and Mrs Reilly giving her cou sent, off they went, followed by Aunt Jessio, ponder ing on all sho had hoard. By tho time they returnad to tho rest of tho picnic party, dinner was ready, and wait ing. Question followed question as to where thoy had been so long, but Aunt Jessio said Htfclo, and tho pirie felt too sad to talk much, so no explanation was given. Six weeks after tho picnio, as Miss Beauchamp sat in her Httlo parlour, writing lottors for tho English mail, her maid carno to toll her that a person wished to speak with hor. "Show her in hore," said Aunt Jessio, and as tho door oponed, she perceived at a glance that it was Mrs. Reilly, of tho "Hauntod Houso," as Aunt Jessio's young friends had named her. A bright, happy smile was ou her countenance, and in her hand she held a lotter which sho looked at fondly from timo to timo. " I thought, mias, you would perhaps Hko to hoar tho good nows wo have hail ; so I have just como to toll you. Mr. Normau is still alive ! Ho was saved from tho wreck of tho vessel bound for Ceylon ; but was takon prisoner by Bomo Malay pirates, aud detained four long years on ono of thoir islands, nnd, aa Mrs. Power writes mo, was shamefully trouted, so much so that his health was iuj tired, if not ruined. Ho nt length mado his oscapo, and was brought to London. It was hisiutontion, ill as ho felt, to tako his piiBBago at onco in tho first vossol loaving for Sydney. But hoariug by chanco that all thjso ho loved host wero in Dublin, ho hastened thero ; and Pat has boen written to by Mr, Gray to havo tho "Hauntod House " pub in order as soon as possible, as he has purchased it from Captan Power, and he and Mr3, Gray are to be out in thi* country soon. Sure, miBS, I'm almost beside myself, to think that we shall indeed have our dear young lady with us again. They say Bho is very quiet now, and does not smile as often as she did in former days ; but Pat is Bure that when she is living once moro in the old place, all will be right." And Pat was correct in his prophecy, for, a few months after, the " Haunted House " was inhabited by Norman Gray and bis wife, who, if not as merry as of old, felt contented and thankful for the merciful escape of her beloved Norman. 