GEEAT BEITAI2J. ' ' THE ENGLISH PiLGEIMAGE TO PAEAY-LE-MONIAL. The English pilgrimage' to the shrine of the Blessed Margaret Mary of Alacoque set out at early dawn on the 2nd of September. The Duke of Norfolk and his brother, Lord Edmund Howard ; several members of the Gainsborough family; Lord Arundel and ana .Lord w alter ji.er ; juora JL»ormer ana Lord Southwell ; the Marchioness of Lothian, Lady Herbert of Lea, and a best of noble men and women from England and Scotland, accompany the pilgrim cortege. On Monday, 1st September, the Archbishop of Westmin ster conducted the opening service at the pro- cathedral Kensington. The church was thronged with a di3 tinguished assem blage weaiing the badgo of the party — a red heart on a white ground. Glitteri&g; with golden emblems and em broidery, ^he banners 1 to be presented at Paray were grouped around the high altar. At seven o'clock Dr.. Manning entered; After benediction ho^ ascended the pulpit and preached to the fol lowing effect :— Eev. and dear brethren and dear children la Jesus Christ, — It is a joy to me to be in the mi at of you to-night, and -to bid you God s( e id ou the eve ot your pilgrim -»-* in honour of tl.e Sacred Heart of our Diviue ft deemer. Yoo. m» ? ? imi im.j. ^ ..... .. .. — : — : ? - ^^ j ?? ?' ? ?? ? '- — ?carry with you the love and veneration of of Catholic England. You are not a -mere' company gathered by chance. Many of yoirhavo been chosen from all : parts of England, and are depnted as representatives of dioceses and missions and homes. You have also received the tiinited benediction of the Catholic Episco patja^of (England by a letter written from our Pro vincial, Council. Andbeypnd $11 this, I have to mal^e known to you that our Holy Father has .gra,htea to all who unite in this pilgrimage a plenary indulgence and his special benediction, which, when I have spoken the few words T j ucr.u m\i any. f. will J/JUJjail w you. »' Ilau Ju' do at'this time youud6 6penly in the face of the . ?world aud under the eyes of oar country. This pilgrimage of oiirt has called forth no little com ment, and that, coniment is contradictory and , 8tr»nge; ; Some, mdeed, wouldiseem so. much in ; hat^e.to gp.ndemn, jJhafc they cannot understand , your-'imotives, nor, what ^.fiijgrimage, may be, , It will, uot fee amiss, therefore, to leave behind j y oil hi*' declaration; ejf,'!- your meaning and! your/motive8,',andT will undertake to \speak in you* 'behalf. ' 'It is no new thing to go on pil-,.i gniiiage. 'The' first sacred place of Ch'ristianpil-' grimaIgevwa8 Mount Calvary. Fr^om the begin' nitfg tblj^bncdurse of Christians fco the place of our ReiS'eemer'8 Passion- was bo: great that to put an | enibtgpvtfheir co'ming aheathen temple was :bujlt, , as'jf)Ao'desecrate!fche spot where ,the; Cross ihad etqpd.- jlhe common sen^e of Christian; men is enough tp explain;., and, to justify a pilgrimage to Calvary, or to,the Holy;Sepulchre, or to Bethle-^ hem or to any place where opr Lord manifested Himself among men. Faifch in Him and love to ' Him draw us powerfully to the spots which are i sacred to His memory.1 , To those who believe in I Him; Palestine is the Holy; Land' j every road He1 may have trod, every city where He may ha$6 tfSsi-'ed draWs^us by dnl attraction, a'nclgives vieiShess and :realit.ytoi memory and to1 faith. Butjthis willvary in the mea'sureof faitband love;-; Thosg;who/ believj© ? in ; Him and ?/, love Him though ,J;hey,;S,ee iHim not, :'- will beaivfat.iguje and;! privation with joy that, tbejr may with t, their owrt eye^ Bee Bethany and Getliaemane'. and Mount diivet, and then, go back in, heart to, the hpar.-When He died and rose agaio, 'and the| clouds received Him out of bur! sight. What,| ! then, is the motive for all this but faith and love terminating upon the person of our Divine Lord — arid what can tie more reasonable; natural, and WOT.thy^bf respect;? But 'we - shall be aBked', whafrhas this tor do with Paray le-Monial ? Ib ha?, this, at least, to do with ib — that the reason? - ah^eness and. piety of a pilgrimage to sacred places cannot be denied. But we shall be chal lenged to, show that Paray-le-MoniaJ is, a sacred place. , I answer this by a fact which can not' be disputed. The devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is at this momentspread throughout; the Ca- tholic world. J[ts chief centre io in the Holy See ; it! spreads into5 every province and iatp every diocese of the Church. There is hardly a church la which it is not visibly set forth by an altar or a sHriae,. bra picture; there is hardly a Catho licjfamily- wherie it ib not known ; it is in alii ou|ri;boqks,pf piety,, it is* the subject of an exten sive and various literature, from treatises of tr^oiogy to manuals for children. Next to the devotion., of th'e Most Holy Sacrament, . and: in, intimate; ' union with it, the devotion of the Saicred' Heart is interwoven most profoundly in the heart and consciousness of the faithful id all'. lauds. This devotion^ so widespread, so. fiacred,' Bo'bbiiiid up witht'th'b'pi'ety of the univeb sal- Ghttrch, toots its' riae at Paray le-Mcnial ' in ; the heart of a humble and despised nun in the convent .of; the Visitation* The world may account tor this .fact- as it :will. We believe^ vrifch; the assurance of faith, that / such a devo tion, could not' have sprung up or spread itself thjfpugbiout the Church except^ by the. Holy, G!ij-sb,. JWe ascribe it theref,ore,J. to the Holy Ghost,' and. Paray ?le-Monial is the spot where -th^s Divide1 work was begun, and. from which it has^spread into all the Catholio. 'world. The fact 13 undeniable. Sense and reason attest it. Tli&'explahation of the fact may be indeed a ? matter of faith ; but w&osoever; 'would explain the rise and universality of thia ' devotion upon nafertral -pfinciplqs,' or by natural' causes only, -mtfe,t( h&yfi; -a credulity wbich surpassesjiour . fai^h., ;, Bjut.it is further attested tl^at this doyqt.ion^had its origin in a. vision .of our Diviiie Redeemer, in which /fie .taught and ?dirV.ttted' the blessed Margaret Mary bow she j wasutio teach »lv's adoration of1 His Sacred Heart ?to others. Ib is no wonder to us that those who have ceased 'To believe in i ,.the incarna tion of the Son of Gori ?, arid even ih'-th'e coming of Jesus Chrisb, should disbeiieve-all visions of His pea§pxial prese'n'ce! Bat it is a- wouder that those who profess to'jbelieve thab.He rnapifested Him self to Saul on the way_io-. Damascus, and again in ,the temple, and tp, Stephen and] to the beloved Disciple, shiqul I join with., the. unbelievers in denying or , deriding His' , niaij,if estatiom, . pf.| Hnhself a'i, sundry; times'1 and in divers rnarijisiM to Hi's servarttaa'ail5 Hn fvieads. The . ^Ne\v Testsmefht Scriptures sbow that s'ucli'niani fesW.iona belong tothe or.der'o'f'fira'je'1 and 'faith'1 UD&er; which we tire.- The' Catholic, CKuh'H '? believes th at His wosds, ViBehUd, X am;^vth'y!°i«' all days, evea unto the CQiisutntQaltionT'oifl the': ?wotld,' are fa!tilled, aQd.tliat.they.tipJedgeiita us - the perpetuity or His, presence,; iif-y,j?iMe la^naU j timjis, , but also; visibly whe^jjiV) , Jii^, Diviiie, -.wil^ and wisdom.' H? is pleased to ^lanifestj Hiri-selff , O q .evidence whicii would more tthixt^,.pJn,tfi.coi . to _ provW any hisior.ical f act,^h'e;';C(iureh 'has sauc. ' tioh^V the heli«f 'M, Kh\\) '¥!-?P ™'d' ™.$: HePw'bvi'Vdipspiife' this^dtV^'tiMi'-'lio' tKmself'into' tbid^o'u'l aftTVl^rgarct Mffry^rappeii'rM *o Mv 3iW vision;1 a /Eueiiworkv - Wh' icilf ;tukt' vi^iod1 wYo d'^h't ( araS eat: 'this ortay: v^siblelid all 'the Cat.ho'l'ic lan/lif. The:' world, ru'ay .deny. : tha -iiiviaiocr, butiiithe fact o£ ? th,e ; devotfoiit- 1 . iti paanpt, deny} $uch, then, are-, tfje^reitijobs of ; the Jwii-. grimage to Paray-le-Monia!. It is_tl|^, place io,- which the world- wide devotion .of ^tho Saci;cd HeaHtook ita rise? LI'f* th'e: f\voVldj Will 'nbt, see ( in this. a sufBcient'-'roaismy at' least'1 if may' .allow it tobe harmless1, and'-feaVe''to'!u3-bur liberty^of. ? enioyinK what haacfi^Stiiira'dU'oia or ihteresb for itself. Let us go on, then, to the motive. Why should the devotion of the Sacred Heart move us) to make a pilgrimage to the place of its origin ? Because it is a fervent adoration of the person of- Jesus Christ ; because it most' profoundly teaches us His personal love arid personal rela tion tb us, and because it most powerfully awakens and sustains our personal love to Him and the consciousness of our persooal relation to Him. The devotion has taught, $o us away of meditating on the character aud love of Jesus, bo- easy, so obvious, and I may say so childlike, that all who bave'learrst to practise^ it will under stand why it is so precious to iheun, and they who caa criticize it assuredly carj not understand itj or they would realise a'ud love ;it as we do. li the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ be the way 6f salvation, and if our; personal fidelity td Him as our kinsman; brothec,--and- friend, our . Saviour and our Lord,' be, as it is, the san^'of Christian, piety, then asslir^dly^the deyotion^ofr' ttieSacred Heart is th.e.most perjfiect.and pbvions ,,w|ay to its attainment;., | If to^n^w the charac ter of Jesus be the way tp lflve Him^ and if to love Him be the way to be like Him, 'then the devo tion to the Sacred Heart is the' Book in which He is to be most deeply 'and ^ruly ;k'nown ; if tbe imitation of Jesus Christ be^the way of 'sal- vation and perfection^ thefci the 'devotion of tbe Sacred Heart is the surest- way:' of conformity; i to His mind and character,1 arid i therefore, the : surest path to eternal; life. : -This devotion is a contemplation of His loye,a- ,Gqd and man , —-a meditation on the human affections and sympathies which in H|m , are; ''Deified. His 'human, heart is the heart of Gpd?and the perfec [ tions of His humanity are alsp Divine perfections. j Yet they are our example;'a3 they are also the foundation of our hope. He bid us to imitate His Sacred Heart vphertHe said, ' Learn of ine,! for 1 am meek and lowly 'Qf h'ea'rt.'' And 'we adore :His Sacred Heajpl^ai 'the ^pattern of' iolir imitation, the 'object of. our. worship, the fountain of: His moatrprecious bloody , in which j iwe .are s cleansed, and of all grace whereby we. ?are'8at}ctified. Such is. the motive, which makes ?the devotion precious to us, and it makes also „ ?Paray-le-Monial,, where it was taught to a humble soul who has taught it'to us, a place of sacred memories and of ?thanksgiving to the Divine Teacher from whom this devotion came. In all this I !can see nothing silpers,titious, cre dulous, unmanly, or unmeaning; ihy judgment rather is that they who have1 broken out into Pharisaic bitterness, or the ravings of bigotry, or the cold scorn of' unbelief against you ha,?e[ stained themselves with, words unworthy of Christians or of men. But, perhaps we shall hear it said that) there is nothing, new in all. this but the strange phraseology in which we word it ; that devotion to our Lord is as old as the Gospel, and that He instituted this per sonal devotion to Himself, not at Parayle Monial, but in Jerusalem. T,o this I. answer— : if they who kayso'had indeed .learnt the devo-' fcion He taught in: 'Jerusalem I they would understand the lesson. He thought again at Paray-le Monial, When the world had turned;j coldly away from Him. It is most true, a,ud the j objectors for once are right in telling us that j there is nothing new in the. devotion of the i Sacred , Heart. ,.,The. Apostles knew it, the ; Beloved Disciple 'taught it,' Mary Magdalen | lived and died in its grace and peace. It is only the relation of love to Jesus which is due to Him from all his disciplea made, deep, fer vent, tender, and explicit by a profound con- I templation'bf His own heart of love. : But cou- ' trast the \vorli which reject'a this deVbbion with the Church that practises it. Ib is like the eoa trast of winter and. summer. In the world we see His own words fulfilled, r, 'Beeause the iniquity hath abounded, the love of many shall grow cold.' In the devotion of the Sacred Heart we see one more fultilmenb of His desire, ' I am come to cast '\ fire upon the earth, and what will I but that 'it; be kindled ?,' You are going, then, beloved brethren and children in Jesus Christ, in witness of our thanksgiving iaud adoration to our Divine Redeemer for all the mysteries of His Ibve' and passion, and for the grace of this devotioay Whereby He has drawn us with afl especial knowledge' and love to Himself. You are bearing : your testimony against the world, which is, openly rejecting Him, and against the cold -hearted; and half hearted cowardice of those who -. profess to be I lieve in Him aiid are afraid of Rearing shame . for His sake. iJ You are defying' the,, world, which' denies and derides the power of I prayer, which' will not pray' for itself, ; and , 1 point's the finger of scorn at ' those who do. You are also rebuking th'-'-'dfe': Whd; take to'; i themselves the Christian name, ahd'lwho ' would be ashamed to deny in; words the, ipowcr ' of pfayer, but who will join with tbeunbelievers wlieu they revile you. You aTe. going, to interr cede 5 for them and 'or our cpuntry, that all. evil rmay be turned away from i,t a^d.tha^b, aH.ble,88 ; in«if may be upon ,it ; above, all, ithatjthejr.Jight' jiof 'faith .may arise over it, and that .the ; spirit i,of prayer and of grace may' descend upm 'it. !-You will pray for tbe Christian worlrf, 'Wni'ch ia: Shattered by revolution's aiiU -dis'solvino!'''r-y un -belief, and for. the Clmrctf Of God, wh.ch is ispfead'in'jtrltbfouShout the world,: tliat' tuS^ations Kwbiclii'lm\r8ibeeiiv artluced by thQiis'pirib'.'O^anti Jtcifhtiariiferror may-once jnbeejenter wi,fehiu- the , ! .aj-tes of .ibs!jiiv)peri..--.h^bb. unity-.;. ?; ,»u; ^vU'ipray»: .at b'^alij1 fo-r our Hi-IyjFatl»t!i;-Jih^;iV;icarj or Jesus? . Cnlia^i ttfab ., the days t of his iafa)Ci;iou,-inayI, be,, AjbQrTtensd^aud that ..the, sove,-eiguty \\-f ,';'jiuptic^,;. af-i of trubb ..may 'once. . more' r|ei«n, j ,«yuu' tjue jVtrth. , Y.oa go aswitiipsaea of faitii^acptl i-ray'er. i4ii:-i' of^the sujjeriiab'arar-)rder]bf g-!ice'a'ndv-f sal irVii.^bn,1 ^iiS'of ttse so'vfcrei^ntyYQf'.trje.Bo'utof Gocl,' * -iv liorwas; made!mUn fords, now^attheviyliViialla xt»i HikF-dth'er.^whereHa musG'ireiii'iv ullv^{j!ha3 'p it 'rill1 enemies ua'der'His -feet?: ! fGo: then',-' in the! in mfl'ofi Joius Cbrisfc, audtimay the blesaing oX jpfis Vlcari'W'hibb. I will nowiimparttbyoUj; :be upan:you in your jgoiag, out, i&nd;, your, comings vnbw aud for ever. :-,;??,{ ,*? ??.?n.-~i-y,' ' fiTJie sermon was followed by Bene'diction, and tlien tlie AvclibisHop arid the officiating ?: S ';: ' 7f ? ?-' ? :'?: :? '?: '? : :i, x: .»???.(? clergy walked in procession down .the nave of the catliedral, his Grace distributing as. he Avent the Pontifical blessing. The proceed ings of the evening ended -with the consecra tion of two banners to be borne by the pil grims on their journey. His grace was assisted by the Jtov. J. Connolly as deacon, and the'Kev'.' rJ/'I^eeks as sub-deacou. In tHe choir were many priests and two prelates^ — the Ilight ' Rcy,. Mohsignors' Weld' aud Vertue. The Kev. A. 'Douglas was cross-bearer, and the Rev. J. Palmer conducted the ceremonie's. v' The scene which followed the last words of, the Archbishop is described as solemn . and deeply touching. The pilgrims bent low in prayer, the lights on the altar glittered , and' the bauners blazed, the Bishop stood) motion less like a saint in marble, and the silence of the grave prevailed over all. .' l ;Uu(I '? ., ?'?' . THK' DEPARTUKE. ', The pilgrims went via Whiteh'aven, 'where MaS^': was 'said on 'board ,'tTie steamboat, over Wli6.se decks floated the banners of ^he Pope and of the Sacred. Heart. As soon as the2 train started from Victoria station pray.ers for a safe journey were recited, in each car riage and compartment, followed by the Litany of !the Sacred Heart, and seven paters' and ' aves for the P,ope, the persecuted bish'pps, and ' the Church. Th6 five Joyful Mysteries of the ItoSary were read'^fbr the conversion of bad Catholics.'-f Before the steamer disembarked if s burden a.t Dieppe, the, :' Magnificat' Wak chanted in port. On the road between Dieppe and Eouen the'fi've Sorrowful Mysteries were gone; through for ,the conversion of England 't'p:the Catholic' faith. After this there was - an. ho,ur's J, silence. ? Then came thefi^e 'Cr^orioltis Mys-. tefies foi* the conversion of all sinners. On Wednesday .morning, ' 3rd ] September, the ;Bishop of Salford offered' ' up'y Mass in, the 'Church' 'at Notre Dame de yicfoires, 'Paris,-' affier which the journey to Paray was corn^' meru^'d'..; '; Efom Paris to Paray the time was occu'pied, in prayer. On arriving at the place'^f themiracle, a pi'ocession was formed^ and all marched to the shrine! Masses, general confession;, an act ofpublic reparation for national sins,' sermons, vespers, and ah act of consecration of Great Britain to the Sacred' Heart, followed in rapid' succession. Benediction and Te Deum closed the devo tions, of this, the most remarkable religious movement in modern times.' , '' DEATH OF LADY ACTON — INTERESTING FACTS .( The , deatli. has lately, been announced of ,a. venerable English lady, who certainly formed! a -re'maricable j:ink .vfith the past. Lady j. Acton j who had attained her eighty-seyentjht i year, 'was the widow of Sir John Acton, who, had he, been, -living to-day, would have been 137 years J old. So that a. lady who, two yeai'sagp^was, by reason of her extraordinary vigour, able 'to mix constantly in society, could have heard, from her husband personal reminiscences of the Scotch rising, in aid of ' the young Pretender,'' , in jl745 ; for most of us, can carry ouivrecollectiona.bapk.tp the. age of, nine.' By Sir John' she' iiad two sons and a daughter^ , Her eldest son was father of the present Lord Acton— a rnan of learn ing and refined literary taste, w&6 originated the Home and Foreign 'ifceriew, the most enlightened Iloman Catholic peripdica^ ever issued, whose cessation, in consequence of its expressing views not identical with those of rthe Vatican, was a subject of general regret; Lord ^leton's inother married,. secondly, Earl Gr,auviile,. the ..pi-cscnt Foreign. Sjecrctary. who consequently waslT s£-n-in4aw of the lady . just ' '.deceased, 'r| whose' grandson . ,wa^ creatod ta. peer ; about four ' years '.' ago. Lady Acton's second son became a cardinal, , andhei* daughter married t^e late: Sir Robert Throclcmorton, Bart. Lady Acton died at one, of the old family seats 'O^ih'e. present Sir .William Throckniprtoii.jB'uclcland Park, in Berkshire. The ; ranks of the English Catlio lic, gentry contajn no more honourable nanie than that of Throckinorton. . Though so long steadfast in their ancient faith, nothing wavcriug, and. heavy sufferers for the same, they havejever beeivbright examples of fidel ity and good serviqe'to their country. . Tiiosu well read in ph,e reignlof Elizabeth will recall the eminent statesman of. the name.' Sir. William, !-Thrbck-inb)cton' still ppssesses thp; prquerty of Westoii IJnderwopd, where. Hi's amiable ancestorj of wl^om Cpwper in Kis I letters sqys.so niucli,'. resided^ V^be-ir. ve'ner able mansion was, , h'pwever^tQ^the. grief of ' all aufciquariau^j'pulled jd,bwn( some years ago iii tcpnse,quenc'e f [pf 'the .jthen Baronet .having, top many:, seat's i p.n {his 'liapds.j- andjits demoli tion revealed, an.je.xn'aordinary number, of .ifigenipus,, hiding-places, 'pften ' found jn thp : anciejj^ ab'pctes of the English Catholic clergy,'' , ,all ?conyler^iiig. 't6.'yppar4s'''tiie'c]ia]iei, which yet reijaains.y Sir' Wiil'iain,'s, eldest ;si'stpr is lady .superintendent of tfie'-Emperoi;)..of Austria's daughter.,' ,','?' ; f ' ??',?'? ?''-''''?'? ??' ? ??..- ')? ;. . ?? : ., i ? ? -i~ ? ? rrr — : ? : ? ?'? T 