THE ADELAIDE ANNUAL PLOUGHING MATCH, A proper pride in prime practical ploughing is promoted by the annual matches got up under the auspices of various Societies for the encou ragement of agriculture, and even those un sympathizing individuals who vote them a " bore" because of their mild workday look are bound to acknowledge that they are productive of much more good than is generally imagined. We hardly expect to witness a scene of "wild excitement" at a ploughing match, where the horses tear along at the fearfully killing pace of five miles an hour; but the events are far from being devoid of interest even to outsiders, and to farmers and admirers of good work they are matters of importance. A ploughman or digger who has a good list of well-won prizes to show posesses a substantial testimonial of his value which guarantees him farm employment any where. We should like to see more competition in implements at these contests, as it is quite as important to encourage the manufacture of first class ploughs, harrows, and other appliances for farming as it is to support good ploughing itself. The Royal Agricultural Society held their annual ploughing match on Friday, August 22, on Richmond Farm, the property of Mr. J. Chambers, J.P., and although in some respects it was not quite up to the last affair, there was much cause for congratulation. The weather was particularly fine, and the attendance was very large. His Excellency the Governor visited the ground during the afternoon, and a large number of influential gentlemen drove down from Adelaide and the country. For ploughing, the ground—a light loamy soil, though rather sticky at places on account of the late heavy rains—was very good, and the competitors, who began about 9.45 a.m., for the most part did their work well, although some were disqualified for not adhering to the rules. There were 18 entries. In the men's match with single ploughs a man bearing the very appropriate name of Tiller gained first prize, and Edwards the second. In the double-furrow ploughs all the competitors were disqualified, as the furrows were not the required depth. Had it not been for this, A. O'Leary would have been first, A. Riggs second, and G. Blythman third. In the single E. Yates turned up an unequal number of furrows, and was disqualified, otherwise his ploughing was good. In the youths' match C. Hamilton took first prize, and the rest were disqualified for not going the required depth, otherwise A. O'Leary, J. Figg, and W. H. Eckersley would have received awards. We were sorry to see that no team ploughing on the ground was considered worthy, as it does not reflect credit upon the farmers, who as a rule take pride in their teams. The Judges were quite right in their decision, according to the popular impression, for the horses out were not the best of the kind by any means. Although there was a prize for the best single plough there was no entry. The spade-work was well contested, and W. H. Ind, who took the first prize, tured out a nice piece of digging. J. Beasley, who came next, deserved his prize. Amongst the spectators it was argued whether a man should be allowed to "fine" his work by breaking the sods, or to leave it as dug. Comb- digging, viz., turning the sods well over and letting them fall in place symmetrically, seems to give a better idea of the general character of each man's labour than when the whole is uniformly smoothed by the spade, and looks every piece alike. However, that is a matter for practical gardeners to decide. Messrs. Mellor had on the ground the only implements exhibited, viz., a horserake, patent mower, a double plough, and a pony reaper, which for lightness and excellence of workman- ship was much admired. According to the Society's rules the entires taking prizes in the last Show were brought on the ground, and we noticed amongst others the draught entires Marquis of Lorne, a splendid animal belonging to Mr. C. B. Fisher; and Lord Redesdale, a most promising three-year-old, standing 17 hands high, and owned by Mr. P. Kelly, of Gawler. Mr. W. Kelly, of Onetree Hill, sent a fine colonial-bred, grey, Rifleman, who has taken 23 first prizes and four second in this colony. Every one knew and admired Mr. Fisher's Rantin Robin, and Mr. J. Lindsay's roadster Young Fireaway was equally popular. Mr. Holland's Calaba and Briton III had their admirers. The four-year-old colonial-bred entire of Mr. Paull, of Hilton, and Farmer's Pride, the property of Mr. T. Dodd, of Willunga, were fine specimens of horseflesh. The pony entire Fire away, the property of Mr. G. Hutchinson, of Noarlunga, bore the look of a good well-bred animal. The few roadsters shown were greatly praised for their fine proportions. The match was finished about 3 p.m., and shortly afterwards the visitors took their depar- ture. The following protest was entered by Mr. P. Kelly : — "I hereby protest against Rantin Robin taking the first prize, he not being on the Ploughing Match Ground at 12 o'clock, accord- ing to regulations." Memo by the Secretary;— "Horse seen by Secretary at 20 minutes past 12." PLOUGHING. Judges—Messrs. W. Coker, Jas. Duncan, Henry Dawson, Josh. Cowan, J. S. Underdown, John Grundy, and M. McCallum. Men's Match, with Single Plough—£6, Charles Tiller; £4, G. Edwards; £2, Bryan McHugh; £1, V. V. Brown. Other competitors—John Francis, A. Harcombe, Edward Yates, James Gale. "No. 5 (Yates) disqualified; too many furrows; other- wise the best ploughing. No. 4 (Harcombe), good ploughing up to the three last furrows, these being too wide and flat. No. 3 (Francis), strong ploughing, but hardly flanked, and too open." Match with Double-Furrow or Multiple Ploughs—Competitors — George Blythman, Andrew Riggs, Andrew O'Leary. "All dis- qualified, not being the required depth. No. 10 (O'Leary) would otherwise have had first prize. No. 9 (Riggs) second, and No. 1 (Blythman) third." Match for Youths under 18—£4, C. Hamilton. Other competitors—W. H. Eckersley, Richard Kelly, Arthur O'Leary, John Connelly, and J. Figg. "All but Hamilton disqualified, not being the required depth. Nos. 14,12, and 17 (O'Leary, Figg, and Eckersley) would have taken prizes had they been the depth required by the rules." Best turn-out competing in the ploughing matches. "None worthy." SPADEWORK. Judges—Messrs. Edwin Smith, Wm. Murray, and Jas. Cobbledick. Best digging of two rods, time and quality considered—£2, W. H. Ind—"A very superior piece of digging both in quality and appear- ance;" £1, James Beasley—"Very good work;" 10s., George Hunt—" Very good." Other exhibitors—E. Rowell—"Good plain digging, done in 1 hour 30 minutes;" J. Rowell—" Good plain digging, done in 1 hour 35 minutes;" W. Swanborough, J. Hobbs, W. McRostie, H. McRostie, Stephen Bowden, and Wm. Walker. PLOUGHS. Judges—Messrs. Walter Thomson, Thos. Hogarth, and John Harvey. Best double, treble, or revolving mouldboard plough, the efficiency and lightness of draught in proportion to the work done being taken into consideration—£3, M. O'Brien (Mellor Brothers). "A double-furrow plough—draught, _ 3 cwt.f with furrows 5 inches by 9 inches; suitable for land it was ploughing, but not for sticky soil, the ploughs being too near together." The Treatment of Aborigines in Queens- land. —The account we published six or seven weeks ago regarding the cruelties inflicted upon natives in the back districts of Queens- land has attracted attention in that colony. So far, however, no investigations with the view of throwing light upon the matter ap- pear to have been instituted. The Brisbane Press are ominously silent, and while pub- lishing the article which appeared in the Register, refrain from offering any expla- nation of the circumstances it records. The one editorial comment we have seen tacitly admits the credibility of the narrative by lamenting the utter wretchedness to which the Queensland natives are subjected through being left virtually uncared for by the Government. In two of the dailies letters have appeared upon the subject, and in one of these, written to the Courier, a Mr. Stanley seems to think that he disposes of the whole question by calling the leader a libel, and by regretting that the Editor of the Register did not satisfy himself of the veracity of the gentleman from whom the informa- tion it set forth was derived. This is so lame a defence that it hardly deserves notice. We can simply repeat that it was because we had abundant proof of the trustworthiness of our informant that we felt compelled to make his narrative public. An assurance given by Mr. Stanley that when he was taking delivery of a station on the Wilson River he neither heard of nor saw any illtreatmentof the blacks affords net the slightest proof against the occurrence of such ill-treatment. The district is a large one, and a visitor to one part of it, busily occupied during his brief stay, might easily be ignorant of what went on elsewhere. We shall be glad to learn that the atrocities we described are exceptional, but the fact that a reliable witness has testified to their perpetration within his knowledge surely demands that searching enquiry should be made into the practices of back settlers towards the natives. This seems to us the more imperative since Mr. A. Davidson, in writing to the Brisbane Tele- graph, admits that "gross and savage injuries have been inflicted upon the Queensland native population," and advocates the adop- tion of a humane and protective policy in dealing with the blacks. Obtrusive Emus.—The emu is beginning to assert a right to his native heath with an amount of force that proves how much he has been benefited by civilization (remarks the Wagga Wagga Express). An instance of the energetic resistance which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, of whose prowess in the field let the spirits of departed ducks and snipe bear witness, was driving across the plain, when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of manifesting any alarm at his approach they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With, stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu—a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blaekfellow. Mr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this indiosyncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, per- forming at intervals acrobatic feats simillar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well- directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. "The Fool" considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the rein- forcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr. Robbins secured to his trap and skinned that night by his camp fire; but the others, owing to their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the encounter.. 