The Sydney Morning Herald. FRIDAY, AUGUST 22, 1873. IF it were not for the Ghost of the Sessions, the position of the First Minister must be deemed exceedingly happy. When the GOVERNOR pronounces the business of the Parliament to be suspended, and the members are sent each to his own place, all is tranquil, until anxious if not hungry impatience claims to reassemble. "We are inclined to think that the situation of Mr. PARKES and his companions must be a compensation for the trouble of obtaining it. To be the first among equals, and to be distinguished in every document, and in every place with titles of eminence, to be entertained with " the feast of reason and the flow of soul," among the elite of the country, sometimes accompanied by a cavalcade of shouting admirers, sometimes cheered by their acclama- tions even before the exhilarating sentence is half spoken, and to continue this succession of ovations and festivities from one day to an- other- prolonging them sometimes till mid- night,-is a fair return for the sour looks of an Opposition, -especially while it mopes in silent obscurity. Surely it is a fair exchange for the occasional contumely. " That patient merit of the unworthy takes." We have followed Mr. PARKES'S pere- grinations, perused his speeches, and noticed with indignant scorn the interruptions which have attempted to arrest the flow of his eloquence. We have sometimes admired the facility with which he has posed the adversary. We might mention the passage of arms on the subject of the postal project. The answer was so pertinent, and so prompt, that we entertained a notion for the moment that there was some understanding between the orator and the interlocutor. Of course, it was extremely unlikely- but it did come as an involuntary suggestion-that Mr. PARKES foresaw the interruption before it came. At all events, it enabled him to pro- nounce one of the ablest defences we have seen of the value of communication to the country that possesses it, and of the utter narrowness of those views which make every subsidiary of commerce a robbery to the consumer, and every improvement of intercourse as the waste of public money. In a recent statement of the auxiliaries of Government-whether in the shape of those who protect property or life, or those who ad- minister the public affairs-we have a list so formidable as to startle when read in connection with the census itself. It would seem that an immense expenditure is devoted to objects a large proportion of which no man can examine without regret and shame. But when the necessary means of promoting the civilization of the country are under question, the most eminent and most important of which are connected with the Press, some good soul of the dimensions of a needle's point, and with, about its sharpness, begins to murmur in the interests of the public revenue. We are old enough to remember almost all the special , improve- ments of the present age, when they were in the course of initiation, and we remem- ber not one that was not received by half a generation, including all the simpletons, with the shake of the head, an incredu- lous jeer, and not unfrequently with violent suspicion of the motives concerned. To perfect the intercourse of the country is its first want, and its most profitable achievement. COWPER, the poet, with high intelligence, although he was mad, anticipated the conclu- sions of a century. When newspapers were young he appreciated their value, and ex- claimed of the small sheet which was brought by the evening post, with exulting pleasure : " What is it but the map of busy life. Its fluctuations and its vast affairs." Every human being has an interest in the service of the post almost beyond any other instrument of modern civilization. It gives light and clearness to the courts of justice ; it protects the feeble against the avarice and insolence of the corrupt and proud ; it transmits the knowledge of national affairs almost as soon as they transpire ; it advances every improve- ment, and now scarcely a month passes without some grand discovery either in principle or details, until the whole intellect of the world seems, by the artifices of genius, to be raising the material to the semi-spiritual. That any human being should have presumed to pronounce the service of the Post and Press a private interest seems to imply that if the dark ages are not passed, the blind still form a large and unfortunate section of the world. Mr. PARKES, in his different discourses, has given us a history of his legislative career, and has taken considerable credit, not only for what he has done, but also for what he intends to do. We will not quarrel with the meed of praise, even although it may be self- apportioned. In truth he has been more successful in public life-partly from meeting the crisis of change, and partly from his substantial sympathy with the aspirations of thinking men. We do not say, indeed, that he invented the Public School, but he certainly improved it by his firmness and sagacity. The time was come, and he dis- covered it. It is useless for gentlemen who assisted in the same cause, without success, to complain that Mr. PARKES carried off its honours. Many men have seen what was desirable, and yet have slopt on. They have not possessed wills sufficient to carry out their belief. They have therefore wanted that power without which even intelligence fails. Mr. PARKES was fortunate, too, in having initiated a scheme which will grow with the colony and magnify his name by its progress. Men have laboured hard to extinguish an evil which has ceased to be remembered when it is abolished. Those who construct a plan which has in it the element of growth, if they have not even more merit in success judged by the highest standard of all, must yield the palm of permanent distinction to those who are associated with that which is destined to live. Thus, if Mr. PARKES should succeed in con- necting this country with California, the memory of his achievement will have all the glow and glory of a long career of expansion and usefulness. It is impossible to say where the centre of the commercial world will ultimately be found. It is probable, however, that its future may develope in a form unexpected in the present age. Lines of intercourse are so multiplied that they gradually reveal not only the characteristics of climates, their capacities and productions, but they turn the attention of the world from one great centre to another with startling rapidity. These vast schemes which are now floated are probably destined in some instances to fail ; but after the history of the Suez Canal, who will reject a project because it is great, or because some country may fancy it to be impracticable. The Valley of the Euphrates has yet to be explored -a country once the seat of Empires. The connection of Japan and China with the Western nations is only in its comparative infancy. The project to transfer the Chinese race to Africa has been propounded by the Times correspondent. It is a daring dream; but it is not much distin- guished by its justice and benevolence. The project for a railway across from Australia south to Australia north is assuming a form which will entitle it to be considered amongst certain feasible undertakings. The adoption by every nation of the steam-engine; is as sure as any event in futurity ; and fuel so heartily desired, unless in some illused geolo- gical distribution, will be accessible, at least in great abundance throughout the world. There are vast fields in America. In China they are measured by zones. In England the working of underlying strata is only a question of labour. What are the dimensions of our coal-fields, and what the size of similar beds in a neighbour- ing colony, we need not trouble to discuss. These are all assurances of future and increas- ing intercourse, wherever ships can sail or mariners can live. To be connected with that vast circle which includes the affairs of all nations, and makes the products of one tri- butary to the progress of all, makes it worthy the ambition of any man who professes to be interested in the well-being of his race. SOUTH Australia has decided on resuming immigration at the public expense, and no one, looking at the progress which that colony has lately made in the occupation and cultivation of the soil, will be much surprised at this determination. The Pall Mall Gazette says that if ever the Australian colonies are con- verted to orthodox opinions in reference to free trade and protection, it will not be by studying the theories of pelttical economists, but by a consideration of their own interests. The idea is probably a correct one ; and the immigration question will doubtless be settled by the operation of the same principle. Our neighbours have evidently had a little scare with reference to the condition of the labour market. Having been blessed with an unprecedentedly large harvest, their eyes have been opened to the danger they were in of losing a great part of it for want of the necessary hands to gather it in. With a scarcity of labour, a week or two of unfavourable weather might have in- volved an enormous loss to the country. Over a great part of South Australia, the climate is so dry that wheat, after it has been reaped, can commonly be left for a considerable time on the ground ; and as the crop is light and is reaped by machinery, comparatively few hands are required for harvesting operations. The Government,statistician, Mr. BOOTHBY, states that last season there were over fifty-six acres under crop for each person returned at the census as engaged on farms, and he naturally adds,-"These figures conclusively show that agricultural operations in South Australia must be attended with exceptional facilities when such a result can be attained by the employment of so little labour." Still this kind of farming has its risks, and it does not always do to trust the weather, even fifty miles north of Adelaide. It is not only the rain that has to be feared. The north winds are often more destructive than a spell of wet weather, and the quantity of grain that is shed in a few hours from this cause is some- times very great indeed. Add to this, that with a deficient labour market, the farmer can never depend on getting a few extra hands for a crisis, and it may well be supposed that the large deputation of farmers that a short time ago waited on Sir HENRY AYERs, with a view of inducing the late Government to resume immigration,, were somewhat urgent in their representations. On the other hand, it must be admitted that on a calm examination of all the facts of the case, the opponents of Government immi- gration in South Australia have at any rate some strong points to urge in support of their views. Considering the enormous extent of territory in the colony, the rapid strides that are being made in taking up land under the new land system, and the great progress which agriculture is making, it might seem that the one want was labour. To many persons probably, the course pursued by the late Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. REYNOLDS, in resigning his position in the Ministry rather than be a party to the resumption of a policy of free immigration, is suggestive of a species of infatuation. But Mr. BOOTHBY furnishes him with some facts which are sufficient in a great measure to account for his course of action, if they do not altogether justify it. The fact is, South Australia is just at present exhibiting a singular phenomenon, and one which at first sight seems rather difficult of explanation. While large quantities of land are being alienated from the Crown and brought into cultivation, the population, leaving the natural increase out of account, is actually diminishing. The total area of the colony, exclusive of the part designated the Northern Territory, comprises 245,329,920 acres, of which Mr. BOOTHBY states not more than a fourth part has as yet been turned to useful account. During the last five years that the new land system has been in operation holdings have increased from 21 acres to 26 acres per head of the population, and the area cultivated from 4½ to 6 acres. That this progress is of a substantial kind is shown by the fact that, of the total area of land alienated, nearly three fifths, or 2,842,751 acres, is occupied by the holders of the fee simple. In view of these figures, it seems scarcely credible that while during the five years in question the excess of births over deaths in the colony has been 23,000, the actual increase of the population has been only 16,000 ; in other words, that more people have left the colony by 7000 than have entered it. In the face of such facts it requires some courage on the part of the Legislature, and a strong faith in the immediate future of the country, to vote money for the purposes of im- migration. The last harvest, however, has settled the question. A crop of 8¾ millions of bushels is no doubt felt to justify running a little risk. The prospects for the next harvest, too, appear to be good at present, and the news from Europe and California seems to indicate the probability that England will be a good customer to South Australia next year. With the public Treasury full, and trade brisk, people are apt of course to become sanguine, and under such circumstances, there is some danger of steps being taken in haste, which have to be repented of at leisure. The great obstacle in the way of a con- siderable and continuous increase of population in South Australia is the want of variety in the resources of the country, so far at least as they have been discovered as yet. The immigrants brought from England to gather in the next harvest will be likely to find themselves in very uncomfortable circumstances soon after harvest is over. The farmers employ as little labour as possible ; and, as Mr. BOOTHBY's figures show, they require very little. As soon as the wheat is bagged the immigrants that the farmers have been clamouring for will have to look elsewhere for work ; and a good many of them may be expected to wend their way to the neighbouring colonies where there is a prospect of finding employment for more than a few weeks in the year. The farmers in South Australia have often been advised to vary their pursuits a little ; but as long as wheat-growing pays better than any- thing else they will grow wheat. Mr. BOOTHBY evidently takes this view. He says, "It must be borne in mind that the climate and the greater part of the soil is peculiarly suited to the growth of wheat-the grain in ordinary seasons being unsurpassed in quality ; that the putting in and gathering of this crop by mechanical aid is accomplished in a most economical manner; and that the produce is removed at once from the stores to the place of shipment." He adds that " the convertibility of the commodity at any moment, evidenced in its securing the highest prices ruling in the English grain market, is an element of security not attaching to other descriptions of farm produce." There is no doubt a good deal of truth in this ; but if the gains of wheat growing in such circumstances are often great, the risks are not by any means to be overlooked. It is not well for a com- munity to be always alternating between a state of plenty and a state of general depression. THE NEW DIVORCE COURT.-The Divorce Court was formally opened yesterday, at the Criminal Court-house, Darlinghurst, and there being no case for trial, the Under-Sheriff rather humorously suggested that it was a "maiden" sitting, and presented his Honor, Mr. Justice Hargrave, with a pair of white gloves. His Honor made a few congratulatory remarks on the occasion, after which the Court was adjourned. We understand that three petitions have been presented to tho Judge, according to the prescribed form-(two by husbands and one by a wife)-and that they have been accepted and filed. The necessary citations are being served upon the respondents, and other proceedings pre- liminary to the cases coming into Court, are being taken; and in all probability the hearing of the cases will take place in November, to the 20th of which month the Court yesterday adjourned. The wisdom of having the original petitions presented to and examined by the Judge, in the first instance, has already been exemplified in the case of the wife who sues for a divorce. Her petition in the first instance was altogether wrong. She advanced reasons for believing that her husband, who had deserted her for eight years, was dead. But the inquiries which the Judge's investigation of the case led to, proved the husband to be still alive. Had the woman gone into Court with her case, she would have had it dismissed, and all her expenses would have been incurred for nothing. Her erorr having been pointed out, she has petitioned anew, and her second petition has been accepted. One or two other petitions have been received, but for good reasons have not been accepted by the Judge. For instance, an unhappy Benedict residing in a town in Queensland, petitioned this Court for a divorce. He was married in Svdney, and evidently does not understand that he is now out of the jurisdiction of this colony. SUPREME COURT.-Business this day.-Banco Court-Vice-Admiralty Jurisdiction: The Queen v. the ship or vessel called the Challenge. The Jury Court will not sit to-morrow. Master's Office: 10.30-Re Mac- kenzie, Bowman, a person, &c.;, to proceed on committee's twelfth account and to tax costs; Lewis and another v. Wythes, to consider decree. DISTRICT COURT.-Causes for Friday, 22nd August.-Ca. Sa- Motions : "Wilkie v. Medley, Holland v. Aikenhead, Flood v. Ford and another, Jones v. Norton, Rehearings: Andrews v. Morrison, Zuccani v. Higgins. Causes : Sempill v. Livingston, Bush and another v. Alley, Campbell v. Dransfield, Campbell v. Dransfield, Campbell v. Jones, Griffiths v. Sheard, Sands v. Wilson, M'Enroe and another v. Rix and another, Ferguson v. Hamilton, Molly and another v. Agnew. THE TURF.-At the meeting of members of Tattersalls Club, held last evening, there was very little wagering, and save that The Ace was not quite so firm for the Metropolitan, and that Horatio advanced in the market, no material change took place in the prices current. For the Derby, Fitz-Yattendon still held the pride of place at 4 to 1, and Beavolic and the Sylvia colt were mildly sup- ported at 5 and 7 to 1 respectively. The longest offer against The Ace for the Metropolitan was 6 to 1, and Horatio and Dagworth were the next best favourites at 100s to 12 and 100s to 10 respectively. DEATH THROUGH FALLING FROM A BUS. Yesterday it was reported that Mary Ann Farr, 70 years of age, had died on that morning, at the residence of her son in-law, Mr. Rossiter, in University-street, Newtown, from the effects of injuries received on the 5th instant, when attempting to get into 'bus 94, driven by Thomas Brady, while the vehicle was on the Newtown Road. After the occurrence she was under the professional treatment of Drs. Sedgwick and P. S. Jones. In a dying de- claration which she made before death to Mr. W. Crane, J .P., Mrs. Farr states that, on Thurs- day fortnight she hailed a 'bus on the Newtown Road ; that she had one hand on the 'bus and one foot on the step, and was in the act of putting the other foot on the 'bus, when the vehicle drove on, and she fell. The driver then called out to the boy "that it was his fault." Mrs. Parr stated that it was not the boy's but the driver's fault, as he did not wait for the boy to call out that it was "allright" before he started. She also stated that she went to a friend's house at Enmore in the same 'bus, being assisted into it by a gentleman, but that, finding herself very bad, she went home in another 'bus. Dr. Jones stated that deceased had suffered for many years from a rupture, which after her fall from the 'bus became strangulated, rendering an operation necessary, which was performed on the 8th instant. She progressed favourably until the 16th instant, when inflammation of the bowels set in. The City Coroner will hold an inquest, on view of the body, at 9 o'clock this morning, at the Rochester Hotel, Missenden Road. DEPLORABLE ACCIDENT BY FIRE TO A YOUNG WOMAN.-About 7 o'clock on Wednesday evening a young woman, aged about 24 years, a servant in the employ of Mr. Forrester, watchmaker, George-street, opposite St. Andrew's Cathedral, was so severely burnt while in the performance of her duties at the kitchen fire, through a burning shingle falling from it on to her dress, that no hopes are entertained of her recovery. She now lies in the Infirmary. TIN.-The following is a memorandum of the quantity of tin ore forwarded by Messrs. W. E. Potts and Co from Murrurundi Railway Station, from 14th to 20th instant, on account of Bank New South Wales, 6 tons 19 cwt. 0 qrs. 9 lbs.; Little and Co., 1 ton 0 cwt. 2 qrs. 16 lbs; Sydney Co., 9 tons 7 cwt. 3 qrs. 6, lbs, ; Tiengals Co., 3 tons 3cwt, Oqrs.6 lbs.; G. N. Griffiths, 1 ton 7 cwt. 1qr. 14 lbs. ; Cope Creek Co., 2 tons 6 cwt. 3 qrs. 12 lbs. ; Moore and Co., 7 tons 15 cwt. 2 qrs. 5 lbs. Total, 32 tons 0 cwt. 1 qr. 12 lbs. THE MUDGEE ELECTORATE.-There are already two candidates in the field for the representation of Mudgee in the Legislative Assembly, and a third is spoken of. The gentlemen who have announced themselves are Mr. Walter Church, who formerly represented the Western Gold-fields electorate ; and Mr. Alfred Arthur O'Connor, who has had considerable experience of mining and legislation in Victoria. THE ACCIDENT IN THE DOMAIN.-We are informed that the unfortunate man who fell over the rocks in the Domain on Wednesday night, was not taken to the Infirmary by the police. A correspondent says some of the members of the No. 9 V. A. had a little experience of ambulance duty on Wednesday night. They had just separated after parade, when four of them were accosted by a man who was greatly excited and stated that he had been searching in vain for police; that his mate had fallen over a cliff in the Domain. No policemen were at hand, and the Volunteers went to the scene of the accident, made a rough stretcher of palings and carried the unfortunate man to the Infirmary, having been obliged to break the lock at the Macquarie-street gate. They lodged the injured man in the Infirmary, and after having put him to bed, left him to the care of the nurses. The only policeman who know anything of the matter was the constable on duty in Macquarie-street who was informed by the gentlemen concerned why they had broken the chains. The names of the volunteers were Lieutenant Bradley, Corporal C. Oliver, Gunners J Williams and Harry Oliver, who were assisted by Mr C. Hargraves. LOSS OF TWO LADS OVERBOARD FROM THE SHIP CAPE CLEAR.-A very sad and fatal accident oc- curred on board the ship Cape Clear while on her passage to this port. On July 25, the day previous to her falling in with the Dalham Tower, the ship running before a stiff breeze and high sea, an apprentice named Alfred Jones fell from the mizen-topgallant rigging, striking the ship's rail, and going overboard. Immediately on the alarm being given a life-buy was thrown to him, and before any one could interfere, a fellow-apprentice named William Duhnall sprang over the side to assist his shipmate. A boat with four hands was promptly lowered, and pulled in the direc- tion pointed out from the ship, but after an absence of over an hour, was compelled to return without having suc- ceeded in picking up either of the unfortunate boys. ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.-On Sunday morn- ing last, Mr. R. Thompson, his wife, and three children were on the harbour in a small boat when, by some mis- chance, they were capsized. There is little doubt they would have all been drowned had it not been for the timely aid of the Captain and officers of the ship Essex, who took them on board and rendered them every assistance. THE MORALITY QUESTION.-We continue to receive daily numerous letters in reference to public morals. Attention, however, has been already effectively directed to the subject through the Press. A society has been formed for the promotion of morality in the hope of securing as- sistance of persons who, like our correspondents, take an interest in social reforms. Under these circumstances it is not necessary to continue the correspondence. PRESENTATION TO GUNNERY INSPECTOR REEVE.-On Thursday evening; last a very pleasing inci- dent took placE in connection with thE torpedo corps of the Naval Brigade, in the presentation of a purse containing fifteen sovereigns to gunnery inspector Reeve, who for the past four months has been drill instructor to the corps. The amount was subscribed by the officers and men to mark their high appreciation of the efficient manner in which he has performed his duties. The presentation was gracefully made by Lieutenant Walkerr, and suitably acknowledged by the beneficiare. CENTURY ALMANAC-Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. have manufactured a useful almanac, which will answer to the end of the present century. The days of the week and the names of the months are placed on a yellow moveable disc; under the weekdays are rows of figures denoting the day of the month, and by a simple adjustment the almanac is ade correct. It is very neatly got up. THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.-In the House of Assembly of South Australia on the 12th instant, Mr. Krichauff asked the Chief Secretary, " Will the Govern- ment reduce the fees on the telegraph between Adelaide and Port Darwin? The Chief Secretary (Hon. A. Blyth) said the Government felt that the reduction of the fees on the tele- graph line between Adelaide and Port Darwin should run simultaneously with a reduction in the charge for cable messages. (Hear, hear.) One of the arguments in favour of a reduction in the fees on the telegraph line was that it would produce a very much larger amount of business. At present they had on the lino quite as much business as they could attend to unless they were going to work day and night on a single wire, but some concessions to persons using the line they were prepared to make. There was a charge of 50 per cent. extra for any portion of a message written in cipher, and that they were prepared to concede. The formal answer was :-" The Government cannot re- duce the fees on the telegraph line between Adelaide and Port Darwin, but the extra charge of 50 per cent. on cipher messages will be abolished." THE MAIL SERVICE.-The Melbourne Argus of Tuesday says :-A meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday, at which it was understood the basis upon which the advantages of the Suez mail service will be available to the neighbouring colonies was determined upon. The deci- sion of the Government has been intimated to the colonies concerned. We learn that by the last despatch received tho Government of Now Zealand offored to pay for its own branch service, and to contribute not less than £5000 per annum towards our Suez mail service, the amount if over £5000 to be regulated by the number of letters transmitted. The Chief Secretary of Victoria had offered a subsidy of £15,000 a year towards a satisfactory mail service via San Francisco, provided the steamers came on to Melbourne, but that proposition had not been finally dealt with. It would not be bad policy if, in order to avoid all controversy, the Victorian Government offered to carry all letters by the Suez mail route for the 6d. single postage, South Australia, of course, paying a portion at least of the expenditure in- curred by the detour to Glenelg, and the other colonies pay- ing for their own branch services. EMBEZZLEMENT.-The Melbourne Argus of Tuesday says :-The news which was published yesterday that Mr. R. W. Wardill, the well-known amateur cricketer, had confessed to embezzling £7000 belonging to the Victoria Sugar Company, for which he was accountant, was the theme of general conversation in the city. A rumour got abroad early in the day that Mr. Wardill had drowned himself in the Yarra, and the impression that such was the fact was very generally shared. There was some foundation for the rumour, inasmuch as before being missed he had written on a piece of paper in his house words to the effect that his body would be found in the Yarra, and that that would be the best for all. He also left his watch and somee silver. It appears that after confess- ing his culpability he asked to be allowed to visit his wife, and was accompanied to his house in South Yarra by Mr. Richardson, secretary to the company ; that he asked Mr. Richardson to remain outside in the garden while he went in to speak to his wife, and that after a while his wife came out and told him that Mr. Wardill had gone out the back way, at the same time asking Mr. Richardson to look after him ; that Mr. Rich- ardson looked for him without avail, and that then the letter, watch, and money were discovered. The river was not dragged, and the detectives did not seem to believe that Mr. Wardill had committed suicide. They traced his steps to some distance from the house, but the marks were not in the direction of the river. In the written confession of his defalcations which he furnished to Mr. Richardson, he stated that he had contemplated committing suicide by drowning, but that he had been brought up in the belief that self - destruction would entail upon his soul eternal punishment, and that there- fore he dared not make the attempt. This circumstance, coupled with others, led the detectivoe to believe that he had not drowned himself, but had concealed himself somewhere, or deported with the intention of escaping from the colony. A warrant charging Mr. Wardill with having, prior to the 16th instant, feloniously embezzled the moneys of the com- pany to tho amount of £7000 was issued at the instance of Mr. Joseph Richardson, secretary to the company, and the detectives were actively engaged in searching for the ac- cused, but without effect. The Wonga Wonga (s.), which departed for Sydney yesterday, was watched by them, but they stated that they did not see anything of him. It is stated that Mr. Wardill's salary was £400 per annum, and that the defalcations extend over about four years. A WHITE KANGAROO.-Tasmania has just fur- . nished a curiosity not often seen, in the shape of a white kangaroo. The Launceston Examiner, 14th August, re- marks:-"We yesterday inspected a natural curiosity in the shape of a fine large white doe kangaroo. She is a very pretty creature, perfectly white, with pink eyes, and seems to be very quiet. She had been seen several times in the bush about fourteen miles down the East Tamar, where, after repeated efforts, a shepherd succeeded in snaring her about a fortnight ago. Her present owner, Mr. Batten, informs us that she has a young Joey in her pouch, but the little marsupial has not yet got his hair, it is impossible to say what colour it will be. It is said that a yellow kangaroo has been seen in the same locality. We also hear that a white opossum has been caught lately at Carrick, which is reported to be a very pretty animal." ARREST FOR ROBBERY COMMITTED TWO YEARS AGO.-A correspondent informs the Bathurst Times that Daniel Charters (he of the escort robbery fame) was brought into Carcoar on Sunday night, charged with having stolen a set of harness two years ago from one Martin Sheahan at the Junction. Two men-Dooer and Boss- had been charged with receiving the property in question at the Police office on Saturday. Dooer being commited for trial to the next Court at Bathurst. Boss was sentenced to fourteen days in the Carcoar lock-up. The committed prisoner was allowed bail. DROWNED IN THE BARWON.-The Narrabri Herald hears from Mr. James Rogers that when passing Brazen's Inn, on the Barwon, last Saturday, he was in- formed that the body of a man, name, unknown, had been recovered from the river a few days since. The deceased's horses and saddle were, also found, and to the latter was strapped a pint pot, on the bottom of which was scratched the name oí W.Shooter. The man appeared to have been about thirty-two years of age. Decomposition had set in, the body having evidently been in the water some time. In the waistcoat pookcts were found seventeen revolver bullets. Save the name on the pannikin there was nothing to ? in identification. 