Literary Matters. [Advertisement] A RESPONSE TO MISS NIGHTINGALE'S "NOTE OF INTERROGAION." THE JUSTICE OF GOD. WHAT IS IT? AND WHAT DOES IT REQUIRE? A DIALOGUE. CANDOR and THOUGHTFUL. CANDOR. I am happy to see you, my friend, to-day. I wish to speak to you on the subject of the atonement. It has much en-<*> gaged my mind of late, and I have read several tracts upon it. I see that many aspect* in which I had viewed it a* the doctrine which teaches how God is reconciled to man may in reality be even better understood when it is seen to be the way in which God reconciles man to Himself. There is much wefght in what yoa say about God being infinite and unchangeable love and mercy. Bat this anohangeablenees, this rectitude, this jastioe, as I have been taught to regard it, is the ground of the common doctrine of the atonement. I remember Dr. Young wrote, "A God all mercy is a God unjust;" and again, in relation to our Lord's death, " Die He, or justice must." What do you think of this, my dear friend ? Thoughtfui. The plea of justice for the dootrine which teaches that Jesns, one divine Person, died to appease another divine Person, the Father, is, I think, the weakest of all. It is unsound, manifestly unsound, in every part. Justice is rectitude; and rectitude consists in giving to every one his due; and to let the wicked go free, and to puotsh the innocent, cannot be justice. C. May be not, bat let me pat it in the way it has been pressed upon mo. God is a moral governor, as well as a merciful father. God placed man in Eden, and gave him a law. If he obeyed, he would be happy ; if he disobeyed, he must die. "In the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die." Gen. ii. 17. Now man did eat, and therefore he must die. As a moral governor, God mast causa the sen tence to take effect. How do you reply to that, my friend P T. _ I really can hardly help smiling when this is called argument. For, in reality, my view is the only one which shows how thi divine admonition cautioned man against the danger, which, through disobedience, afterwards took effect. The Lord placed man in a state of happiness, represented by the garden of Eden. Man would have continued in that happiness if he had continued to look to the Lord,—the Tree of Life (or lives) in the centre of his garden. Bat he turned away from the Lord, at the instigation of the serpent, the type of an affection for sensual things, and adopted for his guide his own worldly knowledge,—the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. He turned from heavenly love and wisdom, which is the true life, and sank into sordid, selfish carnal mindedness; which is the real death. "To be carnally minded is death, bat to be spiritually minded is life and peace." Bom. viii. 6. 0\. Then yoa do not think that God declared man should physically die, when he sinned ? T. Certainly not. God said he would die that day $ but you know he did not die, bodily, that day, but lived, according to the letter, many hundreds of years after. But in spirit he died. "The soul that sinneth, it shall die." It always dies in the day, in the hour, in the moment that it sins. God's laws, my friend, are eternal troths, the utterances of love ; they execute themselves unerringly ; he who obeys them grows in purity, excellence, love, and peace; he who breaks them, breaks for himself all the ways of peace, and entails upon himself darkness, pollution, and misery. C. Then you do not think God punishes man, but that man really degrades and punishes himself? T. It is actually so, always. God is eternal love and wisdom: if received by man, theee cause happiness; if man refuses them, with their blessed impulses and guidance, he sinks himself into misery. The sun gives heat and light to the world. If we go away from the heat, we become cold. If we close our eyes to the light, we become dark. These effects follow our acts: the sun does not go out of his way to inflict them. So it is with God, who causes His sun to shine on the evil and on the good. We make our own misery by our own acts. C. But how is God a moral governor, if He does not punish ? How can He be just ? T. . Strictly speaking, Governors do not punish. They provide for the supremacy of law. When punishment has to be inflicted, fit instruments come forward to inflict it, and they are permitted and authorised to do to. But the lawbreaker, who makes it necessary that be should be restrained for the safety of society, is the real author of his own pain. So far as vir- j tuous conduct obtains the trae and full fruit* of it* exertions, and iniquity reaps) the misery it sow*, there ii moral govamoMat. Saoh i*i God's government: the pnniahm—t nover faO*, b-t God does not inflict it. C. But you do not reply a* to the jastios of God, if He does not punish. T. Are you thinking of jastioe, my friend P or are you thinking of revenge ? C. I must confess I hardly know. What is the difference between them ? T. Justice is a heavenly principle, and is a persevering regard for goodness. Every act of justice is right, and tends to the final triumph of goodness. It seeks the well-being of all. Revenge is an infernal principle; it retnrns blow for blow. Justice seeks to preserve and to save—rovenge seeks to destroy. God wai always just, and because He was just to His own desire to make His creatures happy, He did not change when man changed, but He became man's Saviour. Therefore Ho said, " There is no God else beside me ; a just God and a Saviour, there is none beside me." Isa.xlv. 21. Jesus is said to be just: "Be joice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shoot, O daughter of Jerusalem; behold, thy King cometh unto thee: He is just and having cal vatiDu: lowly and riding upon ao. ass, and upon a ooit the foal of an ass." Zech. ix. 9; Matt, xxi. 5. Now, if God could not be just nnless He punished, how could Jesus be just P He came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them. C. Then jou do not think that when man sinned at first the justice of God the Father could only be appeased by his death, body and soul, and would have destroyed him and his whole raoe, if God the Son had not come forward to suffer in his stead ? T. Oh 00, my friend. There is no such principle in God as that. Besides, reflect. It is said all the three divine persons are alike. But if God the Father required some one to bo punished to satisfy His justice, why did not God the Son require some one to be punished to satisfy llis justice, and God the Holy Ghost require the same ? O. Well, really, that is a very puzzling cir cumstance. T. Indeed it is, and it shows that it is only a caricature of justice to speak of the common doctrine of the atonement being a mani festation of justice. There could be no justice in G d altering His purposes of love because man altered and became miserable. There could certainly be no justice in punishing any other than the offender. If justice, as is cfcen said, required the death of the sinner to appease it, then to let him free, under any circumstances, would be injustice number one, and to punish another and a divinely-innocent person instead, would be in justice number two; and two acts of injustice could never make one of jastioe. Besides, it is said man could not pay the penalty of debt he had incurred by sin, because the debt was infi nite ; and yet it is admitted that this debt was paid by the pains of the humanity of the Lord Jesus, which were only finite, for Ood, you know, did not suffer pain. But how differently our Lord Himself teaches on this subjeot, both in the old testament and in the new. In the ■ old testament He says, "I, even I, am He that blotteth out thy transgressions, for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins." lia. xliii. 25\. In the new testament He says, " There was a certain creditor who had two debtors; the one owed five hundred peace, and the other fifty; and when they had nothing to pay, he frankly (or kindly)" forgave them both. Tell me, therefore, which of them will love him most P" Luke vii. 41, 42. Here i» the Saviour's solution of the whole question. This is the way He treats us all. " When they had nothing to pay Ha kindly forgave them both." C. Well, I tare myself thought that the notion of paying God all that was owing Him, entirely destroys the doctrine of the divine for giveness. In such case He forgives nothing. Bat the Lord rays "He forgiveth iniquity, transgression, and sin." Ex. xxxiv. 7. He is good, and ready to forgive. " Who forgiveth all thine iniquities." Ps. ciii. 3. "If thou, Lord, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord who ■hall stand? but there is forgiveness with thee that thou mayest be feared." Ps. exxx. 3, 4 "The Lord is good to all, and His tender mercies are over all His works." Ps. cxlv. 9. I ean never give up this doctrine of the loving kindness, compassion, and tender mercy of the Lord. Bat does He not forgive on account of the merits of Christ P T. He forgive* freely, my dear friend, without merit of any kind. He is Christ, and He says, " Him that cometh onto me, I will in no wise east oat." John vi. 37. No warrant is needed bat man's sense of his sinfulness and his helplessness. The Lord came, and comes now, to seek and to save that which is lost. When we are lost in our own estimation, the Lord will find us. C. Bat is not the substitution of Christ for as declared when it is said He died for as, He diedf.r all? T. No, my friend; " for as" means for our good, for oar benefit; "on account of nsj" not " instead of us." " Who was delivered for oar offences, and rote again for oar justifi cation." Bom. iv. 25. « Pray/or us." "Pray for them that despitefully use you." These passages would not read well with " instead of," taken as the sense of for. O. Then you do not think the Father forgives for Christ's sake; and yet it is said in the Scripture, " And be ye kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." Eph. iv. 32. T. That is the only place in the Scripture where "for Christ's sake" occurs, and in the original it is, as you will find in the margin, as Ood in Chritt hath forgiven you. God forgives as, my dear friend, for Hi* oion take, because He is love itself and mercy itself, for His good ness' sake, His loving-kindness' sake, His mercy's sake, His righteousness' sake; and so it is represented in the Scriptures, especially in the Psalms, bat never for the take of another. Jesus is God manifest, and He saves His people from their sins. Matt. L 21. Come with all your heart to Him, for He receives and forgives you freely. C. Well, bat yoa do not mean to lay that He receives all, good, bad, and indifferent, and lets them go into heaven P I cannot think that. T. He receives, my dear friend, all who sin cerely repent and believe in Him, bat whether they go to Heaven or not depends upon whether they suffer Him to make them heavenly. Do you not remember that parable of oar Lord in Matthew xviii., in which all this is very strikingly explained ? " Therefore is the king dom of Heaven likened unto a certain king, who would take account of his servants, and when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him who owed him ten thousand talent?, but forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made. The servant therefore fell down and worshipped him, saying, Lord have patience with me, and I will pay thee all. Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt." v. 23—27. Here we have man's helplessness and indebtedness exhi bited first, and the convictions of divine truth brought home to his mind; represented by the king ordering him and all he had to be sold. Then the humility and penitenoe of the sinner is shown in the entreaty for patience, and promise to pay in future. The mercy of the lord is shown in his having compassion on him, and forgiving the debt. This shows the state of things when a man enlists in the Lord's service, and is accepted by the Lord as a work man. He is now to begin his work of training himself by divine assistance for heaven; and how he will fare at last depends upon how he does this indispensable work of obedience and love. In the parable, the servant fails, although ! his lord had forgiven him. He found a fellow* servant who owed him a hundred pence. He ! treated him rigorously; he would abate nothing; no prayers would more him; he cast ! his debtor icto prison until he paid every j farthing. This unmercifulness was reported to the king, who then ordered him to be himself confined until he paid the uttermost farthing. At first he was forgiven, but as he did not subdue his unmerciful spirit, he again sank into condemnation. C. I can lee that very clearly. And the Lord adds that such is the very mode of our heavenly Father. "So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto yoa if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses." So that we are accepted st last in proportion as our hearts are filled with holy principles of chanty to man and love to %?. ■?*"*•* b* * P'Mticd currying oat in life of Hit holy will. T. In Qod's tight, no man living, as be U in himself, can be justifiod j but if we come to Uisn in the Lord Jesus, atd believe and do Hi* com* mandments, He remits or removes oar sins, makes us just, as we da justly, and then declares u* justified. " Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth not iniquity, and in whose STpirit there is no guile." Ps. xxxii. 2. Our works then are found to be just, for the Lord has made them just. He has filled them with a holy motive, purified them by a genuine faith, and consecrated them by a constant virtue. " We know that we have passed from death nnto life, because we lore the brethren." 1 John iii. 14. Subscription* for continuing the publication of Bible Truths in Rational Light will be thankfully received, addressed to Mr. Henry Leake. 