THE SPUR. A SERMON. BY C.H. SPURGEON. "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou guest."—Eccle-<*> siastes ix. 10. I find that these worde, and those which precede them have been considered by some to be a sarcastic address to those persons of an epicurean spirit who consider this world to be everything, and will not believe that there is a world to come. They are bidden to eat the fat And drink the sweet, and enjoy life while they can ; and if they have anything that they wish to do, to get it done as quickly as they can, because there is no work nor device in tbe grave. If this be tbe meaning, we must regard it as spoken to them from their own standpoint, and so it v tantamount to their favorite maxim, " Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." It is possible tbat the royal preacher intended our text to be a sardonio sarcasm, but I do not think so. I think the common interpretation is the true one, and that would make it run parallel with the saying of our Lord, " Work while it is called day ; for the night cometh wherein no man can work." It is an address to men, commending to them promptness, deter mination, and praotical earnestness ; inasmuoh as they-have but one life here on earth, they should give diligence to accomplish all the right purposes whioh they have formed for this world; teeing that once dead they cannot return, neither in the grave oan they carry out any of their resolves, they should do quiokly what they mean to do. May God give us grace to make a right use of this exhortation. First, we shall give this passage an evangelical voice to the unconverted; and, secondly, we shall find it a stimulating voice to the people of God. I. First, we shall give it an evangelioal voice to the unconverted ; and it will be necessary for us to say that there is nothing for the unoon rerted man to do, by way of work or device with his hand, in order to his being saved; and therefore we do not address him, and say to him, " Do what thy hand findeth to do, in order that thou mayest be saved by it;" that would be false doctrine, and would tend to put the anxious seeker upon the wrong track. The gospel regards the unconverted man as dead in trespasses and sins, and it tells him that, first of all, he must be quickened by a new life—he must be born again, in fact, or else he is not capable of those actions which would be ao ceptable with God; neither if he were capable of them would the performance of them be the v*ay of salvation, for we are expressly told that enr salvation is rot of works. Salvation from din, and justification before God, come to ns in connection with the work of the Holy Spirit within as leading us to faith in Jesus; and so salvation is entirely and alone of the grace of God. Repentance toward God, and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, are the evidences of laving grace, and are at once the gifts of God and the works of the renewed mind. Looking at this present moment upon faith, repentance, prayer, and the seeking of the Lord, as being our works, when God's grace has wrought them in us, we would say to every unconverted person, "It is high time that you should begin to think about the solemn interests of your soul, for you will soon pass from the place of saving knowledge and heavenly wisdom into the ■hades of forgetfulness." Repentance i* not a feeling which you may have, or may not have, and yet be equally saved. You must repent of your sins, or there can be no forgiveness for you. Faith in Christ is not an optional thing; so that a man may perad venture fare well at last, whether he believe or no. "He that believeth not shall be damned" is the emphatic declaration of Christ himself; not an invention of His disciples, but our Lord's own declaration. Ye must have faith, or ye cannot be saved. And ye must be men of prayer, for without prayer no man shall be saved. The sinner's first evidence of salvation is—"Behold he prayeth!" If there be no prayer, there is no grace. These things are in dispensably essential. Note well, also, th t it is essential that they be done with all our might. The text says, 11 Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." Nobody ever truly repeuted who repented in a halfhearted way. We cannot repent in our sleep, and bo go to heaven dreaming. Eve was taken out of Adam when he was asleep, but our sins will not be removed in a like manner. Neither does any man believe iv Jesus without thought upon the matter; faith does not grow spontaneously and without oar own consent, like nettles in the sluggard's garden. Faith is not the fruit of a swoon; it requires the exercise of the faculties. It is a simple thing, but it ia an earnest thing, a hearty thing. "If thou believest with all thy heart/ •aid Philip to the eunuch, "thou maytst be baptised." It is with the heart that man be lieveth, and that aort of believing which does not exercise the heart will never save the boul. A prayer, too—a prayer accepted in heaven, is not a dull, cold thing; it is not a saying of prayers, a using of certain holy words, just as wizards of < Id were accustomed to mutter their enchantments. Oh, no; it is the yearning of the spirit after God, the passionate longing of the creature to get to the Creator, and to be re conciled to him. " The kingdom of heaven suf fereth violence, and the violent take it by force;" but without a holy violence we shall not gain entrance at tbe gates of mercy. Prayer is no child's play, but requires all our might. In order to eternal life there must be faith, there must be repentance, there must be prayer, and these must all be real, deep, fervent, or else they are not such as God gives, and they are not true evidences of salvation. Moreover, the text urges us to immediate action, because death is coming on. Now I feel quite sure that the bulk of the unconverted part of my congregation is made up of persons who have fully resolved one day to repent. If I ware now sent as a commissioner from Satan, and were wickedly to ask you to make a con trast with the powers of darkness that you never would repent, that you never would believe in Jesue, and that you never would pray, you would start back from so dreadful a compact. You would feel as if a most profane bargain were proposed to you. You would sus pect the presence of Mephiotophelea or some other form of the arch deceiver. And yet your actions practically come to the same thing. For how many yeara Laro you lived without at tending to your souls? "Oh, but we mean to!" Yes, and you meaut to twenty years ago. II Oh, but we do really mean it now!" yT's, and you were quite as earnest when you were but children in the Sunday school. Sinco then you have had different times of awakening, and you have resolved and re-resolved; but you remuin tho same. Will it alwajß bo bo? If so, why do you Btart back from promising to lot it be bo ? If you think it ri^ht to continue unbe lieTera, what is right to dtiy will be right to morrow, and what has been convenient to-day will be as convenient to morrow; and though you say "Go tby *.iy for this time; wbeiTl have a more convenient season I will send for thee," it will come to pa9s with you as with Felix, the convenient season will never come, and you will remain un-ared. And yet you are dying men and w^men ! Yet as I look you in the face, I rend " Mortality" written across your brows. There is not a body here but what, unless tho Lord shall come, will lie in the cold grave and turn to du ß t, and there is not a soul here but « hat shall paa9 into the disembodied state, und by-aud-bj, after the resurrection, shall stand before the judgment-seat of God. Yet all this while you are trifling about your best interests; not trifling about your purses, nor about >our property, but aboul your soul;., yourselves, your truest selveßl. Sirs, is this wise ? Ye aro not short of wit in other things; how are ye then so short of it in this? If je must play at hazard, let it be with something cheaper than your souls. If there must be risks, go risk your houses and risk your health, but risk not your souls and their everlasting in" tereete. The voice of wisdom says TO-DAT: thou must repent; thou must believe; thou must seek God in prayer; therefore, since death is near thee, do it, do it with thy might, and do it now; for ere long thou wilt be where these things never can be done. In a very short time every unconverted person here will be in tbe land where there are no Sabbaths. You can waste them now: they hang heavy on some men's hands, but you will not be galled with Sabbaths there, or worried with calls to go up to the House of God, and think about your souls. We who are preachers of the gospel are very troublesome to you, and often make your oonrcienoes uneasy; you will not be troubled with us soon. There will be none to cry to you to have mercy on yourselves. There will be none whose loving importunity shall be a weari ness to yon. None will annoy you with their expostulations, or burden you with invitations. You will be in the land where there are no Sabbaths and no preachers. And there will be no Bibles there: you will not say there, as you did this afternoon, "It is dry reading—that Bible." Yon will not be tired of hearing promises there. No promise and no gospel will ever salute your ears in that dark realm of despair. And there will be no mercy-seat there. You do not pray now, though God will hear you; but in a future state prayer will be alto gether out of season. God heareth not the un godly when once they are cast away from His presence. They may call, but He has said " I will not answer. They refused me, and there fore I will mock at their calamity, I will laugh when their fear cometh." I pray you remember that there will be no Jesus there, no fountain filled with blood in which to wash away crimson stains. There will be no Redeemer to cover a naked soul with His righteousness, no Saviour to say, " Be of good cheer, thy sins are forgiven thee." There will be no Spirit of God there to plead with your conscience, and to be resisted. There will be no graoe of God there to show you your sins, and to show you the atoning sacri fice. I pray you, do have a little patience with us who preach to you, for our time is short, and you will soon be rid of us. Have a little patience with your Bible, it will soon enough be out of your way ! Have a little patience with your poor Christian mother who tries to bring you to the Saviour, she will be far from you soon! We, who now trouble you by desiring to do you good, will soon be out of jour way. Ah, poor souls! poor souls! for you will then be out of God's way, and oat of Christ's way, and out of mercy's way, banished from the Saviour's presence; and that because the kingdom of God came nigh unto you,- and ye put it away from you, for ye would have none of the Lord's reproofs, bat ye fumed every one to his own way, and rejected the counsels of God against yourselves. Beloved hearers, may none of you stand in that plight. While I breathe the prayer that it may not be so, may I ask you to pray for yourselves that it will not be so. Will yon let me whisper in your ear, as though I stood dose by each one of you now; and I will softly and lovingly say,—Repent, and believe in Jesus, now, with all thy might. God help thee, " for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest." 11\. Bat now I have another task, and that is to set forth my text as a stimulating .voice to God's own people. Beloved brethren, our text reminds you that you have a work to do. You have aot the work to do of saving yourselves. That is done; the dear Redeemer has finished it. "It is finished," says the Saviour, and that is joy for y«u: but now you have another work to do because you are saved. Man was not cre ated to be idle, he was not elected to be idle, he was not redeemed to be idle, he was not quick ened to be idle, and he is not sanctified by God's grace to be idle. Every Christian while resting in Christ's work for justification is him self a worker, ordained to bring forth fruit unto God's glory. Have we been bought with the blood of Jesus, and can we be idlers in our Redeemer's vineyard P The love of Jesus to us must provoke love in our heart to Jesus, and that love must show itself by deeds of service for His name. lam sore we feel that. Do you not feel, brethren and sisters, as members of the Christian church, that you have each a work to do ? You love the uhuroh, and you would not like to be idle members of it. As soldiers in one great army you eagerlj desire to promote the prosperity of the host; as members of the body of Christ you wish to perform your office to your Head and your fellow-members. I know you do. The vows of Christ are on you, and the vows of the church of God are on you too. Moreover, I know that my dear brethren have a love for the truth of the gospel. Does it not grieve you when you hear false doctrines, and when you see the idols set up again—the idols which your fathers abhorred, set up in the national temples of God ? Your heart is pro voked to jealousy—l know it is—and you feel each one of you that you have the truth com mitted to your charge, and tbat you are bound to bear testimony to it. This you wish to do most completely. In addition, you feel that you should seek the souls of others. Here is a great city of three millions and more of peo le, perishing for lack of knowledge ; and if you are God's people you would, if it were possible, snatch them from the flames, and deliver them from the wrath to come. Do you not feel that each one of you, according to bis position, has a work appointed him ? I know I have mine. There are times without number in which I have wished that I could become the pastor of some little country church, with two or three hundred hearers, over whose souls I oould watch with incessant care, about who«e circumstances I could fully inform myself, and with whom I oould plead individually : but here are so many, so very, very many! You are counted by thousands. What can I do with you ? My soul is burdened with the weight of the work to which the Lord has called me; yet I know it is my work, and it must be done. You are parents, some of you; do you not feel that you are called to bring up your children in the fear of God ? Are you doing it ? Few Christians in these days feel as they ought that as parents they are bound to instruct their children in the things of God. You are masters ; do you oare for your servants ? Have you no desire to see your households ordered aright P Oh, I trußt ye are not such heathen men and publicans that ye care not for your own house holds. You live in neighborhoods where you are brought into contact with your fellow-men of all sorts; do you know that you are put there as lights in a dark place, as handfals of salt in the midst of putrefaotion ? Have you never felt that you are debtors P Do you not feel it your duty to battle against error, your duty to coming generations to stand steadfast to the truth to-day, which if it fall to-rlay, may not rise again for many a century ? Have you felt that your obligations extend as far as your influence extends, and that if you are not serving God with your influen -o you are doing harm with it ? If you are a Christian you are like an oil (amp, which, if it does not yield light, gives forth afoul smell as its wick smoket. You are doing mischief if you are not doing good. You set an example of idleness and in difference to tho things of God to sinners, which will make them say, " There is nothing in re ligion ! Why should we make any stir about it when even those who profess to enjoy it do not live as if they were in earnest, and care not wh other our souls are lost or saved." Each woman here, as well as each man, if converted, should fuel, " I have a work to do for God." If you arc converted as a child, sing your hosannss to the King; and if you are born to God in your declining years, still bring forth fruit in old a;»e. Even if you are confined to the bed of weakness, there is a something to be done by you) before you enter heaven, and the voice of the text says, " Whatsoever thy h:md findeth to do, do it with thy might." That is a most weighty point, and none may question it; all believers have a work to do. The second thing is this:—Our text indicates the wisest course to follow. It is—Do it, do it at once ; do not talk about it, do not regret that you have not done it, and sit down and fret yourself because you have done so little in the past. It is little use crying over the spilt milk of your past life. If you have not done what you should, up, man, and do what you can! " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it. 4' Many prefer to find fault with the way in which other people do their work. Yes, and if you look round the Tabernacle, you will see a great many imperfections in the preacher, and in the deacons, and in the elders, and in the members, and possibly none of the workers among us do their work exactly as jour superior wisdom would dictate. There are here persons who hare done a great deal of go *d, bat you have a notion that you could tell them how to do it in a better fashion, though you do nothing yourself. Oh, sir, have done with it! 00, sir, and do your own work, and I will do mine in my own way. Ido not suppose you will do my work better than I do it if you try, and I do not suppose I can do yours better than you can do it, if I take your place. " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it." Our text exhorts us to do our work now. Do not talk about doing it to-morrow; do it at once. The impetus of the text carries the thought as far as that; seeing that death may come to-night, do it now, even now. What wonders would hare been done, if to-morrows were to- days! What great achievements have pasted through that young man's imagination! He has often pictured how useful he will be. His day-dream has been so very vivid that he has mistaken the will for the deed, and compla cently reviewed his fine resolutions as if they had already been carried out. He has felt him self to be somebody, on the strength of what he was going to do. What draughts men make upon the future, and how hopefully they reckon upon meeting them when the time comes. Like insolvent traders, they maintain their present position by discounting bills which they will never honor, and live as if they were rich, when all their wealth is represented by the wretched forgeries of their own false promises. Oh, sirs, do not promise to do anything to-morrow; leave off promising and some to real actions. Never mind what you will do next year; what will you do nowP "Whatsoever thy hand flndeth to do, do it," and do it at once and on the spot. If I knew that my hearers bad re solved to be very diligent next week or next month, I should conclude that my sermon was wasted upon them. The fact is, if the sermon tells, a man feels uneasy, and begins to put his fingers into his pocket and his thoughts into his heart, and he says, " What can I do before I sleep to-night ? I do not feel comfortable in idleness. Is there not some poor person I could visit ? Is not there some poor sinner who is going the wrong road whom I might perhaps lead aright P" An inward impulse makes the man feel as though he walked on hot coals till he has done something for the Lord. Do not quench these impulses; if the thing be good, do it, —do it now. But Solomon says, " Do it with thy might." There are several ways of doing the same aotion. One man will do a thing, and he has done it; another has performed the same action, but has practically done nothing, What a difference there is in preaching! Words may be uttered in a lukewarm manner, and produce no result; while by another preacher nothing better shall be said, but it shall be said earnestly, and the effect will be marvellous. One hates to see a workman finnicking with a hammer, touching the nails as though he loved them too well to hurt them; but one likes to see a workman driving his nails home, working as though he meant it. The masters of assemblies should re member this. If a thing is worth doing, let it it be done well; if it is not worth doing, let it alone. Every man who preaches should aim at preaching his best sermon every time he mounts the pulpit. Every Sunday-school teacher ought to teach his best. Every evangelist in the street ought to preach up to his highest level, if it be only to a dozen. Jesus Christ ought never to have our second-best things—never. Our best is all too poor fer Him ; let us never put Him off with our inferior fruits. Do it—" do it with thy mighC." And, once more, do it all; for the text says, " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it {" that is to say, do it all. Do not pick it over and say, " All these things I could do for Christ, but I shall only do a part of them. Here is a duty which I could perform with my gloves on, like a gentleman. I could do this without trouble, labor, or expense, a<id earn a good deal of credit by it; this is the kind of thing I will do." Dost tbou think God will accept suoh obedience as that ? Man, do it, if it stains thee from head to foot with mire, if it bring contempt upon thee, and the universal hiss of all thy fellows. Whatsoever—whatsoever God appoints thee to do, do it right straight through. Servants, like beggars, must not be choosers, but what their masters appoint, they must do; and with such a Master, who never can appoint us a dis honorable task, it is a shame that we should think any service too hard. " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it," and do it at once. The pith of the text lies in the next thought— namely, that there is an argument to every earnest Christian for intense zeal in the fact of the certain approach of death; " for there is no work, nor? device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whither thou goest." Unless the Lord shall come, we shall all die, and that quickly. Life at the longest is very short. When I consider how many claims there are upon a Christian, and how muoh a loving heart desires to do, and then think how short is the space of time into which we must need crowd all, I am depressed in spirit, but sternly resolute to condense much work into small pace. The heathen said, " Art is long, and life is short;" but I will venture to alter the sentence and say, " The service of Grod is long, and life is short"— far too short for us to perform all our desire. What, then, is the argument from the shortness of life but just this: Work for God with all your might. If you have bo little time, waste none of it. If there be so small a space en trusted to thee, suffer no wastes and by-ends, but fill up the narrow space with precious things—gold, silver, and precious stones—holy works done in earnest for Jesus Christ. Tbe work-girl sat in her little room, and her fingers flew as she passed the needle rapidly, because she had but that tiny bit of candle, and feared her task might prove longer than her light; may we not also fear that our work for Jesus may prove greater than the time in which we may perform it P At any rate, we cannot afford to throw away a moment. Remember solemnly that life may end in a single moment. How suddenly death comes aoross our path! It oame almost into my house this morning, for I was scarcely risen from my bed before I was told that a little child belonging to my coachman had die i in an instant, though it had seemed to be in perfect health the moment before. The thought came to me with power, " It might have been the master instead of the servant's child." I know no more reason why it should have been the little one than myself. Sudden death has perhaps come as near to you lately. It is not a very unusually thing to see death in the street in such a city a* this, or to bear of it in tbe common talk of the day. My friend, would you like to die at this moment ? 11 No," say you, " I have many things I would wish to finish." Finish them, brother, finish them at once. Set thine house in order, for thou must die and not live. " I should like to have prayed with my children more earnestly than I have ever done." Go home and do it, for you may never have ano'her opportunity. " I should like to have my Sunday school class around me once more before I die, to tell them about the Saviour more earnestly than I did this afternoon." Dear brother, dear sister, avail yourself of your next opportunity in the class; teaob sb though you might never teach again. Say to yourself, " What is there I have left undone? I will do it immediately. What is there that is half done, that wants finishing ? I must finish it at once. What in there that I have done bo badly, that if I went to heaven I might almost wish to came back to set il right? Let me fiiu-h it now. What is there that I should like to amend ? Let me make amende now." I Imve readof Or Chalmers thai oue evening he stayed with a company of friends at a gentleman's houee, and they spent the evening, as we are toj much in the habit of doing, very pleasantly, but not very profitably, talking upon general subjects, not at all to be forbidden, but at the same time not much to be commended. Th> re was among tbe number a Highland chief, who bad attracted Dr Chalmers' notice, and he had talked with him, but nothing was said about the things of God. In the middle of the night a bitter cry was heard in the hospitable habitation, and there was a rush to the bed-room., where it was found that the Highland chief wm in the agonies of death. Dr Chalmers expressed (and he was not a man whom we could blame for laxity in that direction) his bitter regret that he had allowed that last evening of the man's life to pass over without having spoken to Idm oon earning the things of God. Tne regret was most proper, bat it had been better if it had never been necessary. Such a regret may have occurred to ourselves; do not let it occur again. If you do not die, the person whom you are concerned about may die, therefore " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it," for death may oome on a sudden. Remember solemnly that while we have been speaking in this Tabernacle we have been spending a part of our allotted time. Every time the clock tioks our time grows less, and less, and less. I have a great love for old fashioned hour-glasses, because they make you see the time go, as the sands run. I remember in Milan Cathedral seeing the sun travel along the ecliptic- line on the floor of the cathedral, and I realised time's oeaseless motion. Every minute our life-candles are shorter; every pulse makes the number of pulses less. Quick, then, man; quiok! quick! quiok! Death is behind thee. Canst thou not hear his footfall? He pursues thee as the hound its prey. Quick! Quick with thy work and thy service, for soon may his skeleton hand be laid upon thy shoulder, to palsy thy hand of skill and silence thy tongue of eloquence for ever. And let us recollect that when we die there is no return to the field of labor. I have known persons (and this is talking about a very com monplace thing, but it may be a very useful thing); I have known husbands who meant to make their wills in a proper way, and to provide for their wives as they should do, but they have died, and the will has been unmade, and ihe future life of the wife has been full of a sorrow which might have been avoided by the proper use of the pen. Do not leave anything undone which onght to be done; leave nothing undone which may be for the good of others, for you cannot come back to do it. Anything you have to do for the glory of God, get it done at once, for you will not be able to return. I fancy for a moment howl should preach to you if I should die to-night, and should be allowed to come back to preach to you once more. I know how you would listen. It would be a very strange sermon, but you would catch every word, I am sure. I know how I should preach; I should say, "Blessed be God for letting me come back to have one more trial with my unconverted hearers, for perhaps they may yet be led to Jesus." I do not think I would have anything to say to you who are con verted, that morning, if I had that opportunity. I should leave the ninety and nine and go after the sleep that is gone astray. I should preach to the lost one, and salt my words with tears and burn my lips with flaming love. Yet that is exoctly how we ought to preach tlwavs. Now put it to yourselves. If yon had to die, and were permitted to come back to speak once more to your children, to your neighbors, to your Bunday-sehool olass, or to any one else committed to your care, how would you address them? Do it just that way now; with the same ardour, teal, and tenderness. Do you say you cannot ? That is very likely. Ask God to help you. His grace waits to aid you; it is what you want, and what you must have in order to suoceed. Seek it, seek it at His hands who giveth liberally and upbraideth not. In suoh fashion must every one of us go about the work allotted to us, because there is no work nor device in the grave to which we are journeying. Our text has a peculiar bearing upon some persons. May I be happy enough to catch their ears. There are persons here present, perhaps, who have a very heavy charge upon them, and to them the text speaks. lam one of that company. With the heavy charge of this church, the college, and the orphanage, and I know not what besides, I hear a voice saying to me, " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." It would ill become me to loiter; above all men I most labor. Some of you have wealth) permit the text to speak to you also,—" Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might," for thou canst not take thy money with thee, neither canst thou serve God with it when thou art gone, " for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither -thou goest." Some of you possess much influ ence, for you are Isrge employers. And I know some—l need not go into details—whom God has placed in peculiar positions, where they lead and guide the minds of others, I charge you by the living God, do not let the blood of any man's soul be on your skirts. Quit your selves with holy diligence before Him who will weigh you in the scales before long, lest it be said of you, " Thou art weighed in the balances and found wanting." By the blood that bought you, I beseech you, if the Lord has trusted you with ten talents, put them out to interest, lest a tenfold judgment come upon you. I know not how to speak as I would, but I - feel I am speaking most of all to myself here. I charge thee, Omy heart, be faithful to thy trust. It were better for me that I had never been born than that I preach to these people carelessly, or keep back any part of my Master's truth. Better to have been a devil than a preacher playing fast and loose with God's word, and by such means working the ruin of the souls of men. To other preachers I say what I have said to myself, and to each one of you whom God has put in solemn charge,—see to it that whac He gives you to do, you do it with all your might. Next, I speak to those of you who are ad vanced in years. If yon have hitherto done much for Christ, be thankful for it. But if you have not, if you have loitered, oh, my dear brethren, may I, who am as it were bat a youth compared with you, may I take an old man by the hand and say,—Dear brother, there can be for you here, in the order of nature, but a short time to serve God in. Do immediately with all your might what you can do. Let your last days, if they have not the vigor of your youth, at any rate have a yet more eager desire for God's glory. It would seem a strange thing for a man to get nearer to heaven and to be less heavenly minded; to be more ripe for glory as to his age, and to be less mature in grace. O that ye may live while ye live, and bear a good testimony during life's eventide. Do I speak to those who have been lately con verted, and are past middle age ? At what a rate, my dear brothers and sisters, ought you to live! Remember, Martin Luther was converted quite in middle life, but he did a great work before he died; and many a distinguished servant of God has begun late, but has worked well, and made a good day's work of it before his sun went down. There i» no reason why you should not copy the example. God can do much by you, though your time be short. Then I al?o address myself to those of delicate constitutions who maj be here. Some of you | must often be reminded of death by the trembling you feel in your own bodies. Ida not exhort you to do anything that would injure your constitutions by imprudence, for God does not require us to be suicides, but whateyer ser vice it is in your power to do, do it, so that there may not be mingled with the sorrow of your future sickness any reflection upon yourself because when you had the power to serve God you did not use it. I would also speak to those who have been the subjects of high impulses and noble thoughts There are choice spirits in the world, into whose ears the Holy Ghost whispers grand designs such as he does not reveal to all men. Here and there he finds a soul that he makes congenial to himself, and then he inspires it with great wishes, deep longings, and grand designs for glorifying God. Do not quench them, brother; do not starve them by holding them back, but as death is coming, do what i» in thee, and do it with thy might. No man knows what God me ins to do through his ag ncy, for oftentim s the very feeblest have i conceived the greatest purposes. John Pounds ' and his ragged dchoo!—who was John Founds? A. poor cobbler. Robert Raikes, with his Sunday school -who wus Robert Raikes ? No bidy in particular, but nevertheless Sunday schools have come to s mething. You 1 ay hare a sublime conceptiou in your soul. Do not strangle it; nurse the heaven-born thought for God, and the fir*t opportunity you ciq find carry out the idea to its practical issues, and throw your might into it. Methinkt there must be some youti^ Christian here who loves his Ua*ter, and who mean to do something for Him before he dies. Brothe •, what thou doest, do quickly. Do I not address some young man of a noble spirit, who feels, " I could be wealthy, I oould gain a position in my profession, I could become famous and get honor for myself, but from this hour I will ay down all a the foot of the cross, and lay myself out for the good of souls and the glory of God." Give me thy hand, my brother, for thou and I are of one > mind in»tbis. Bat I charge thee go and do it. Do not dmm, bat work. Do not listen to the sirens wbioh would enobant thee by their music, •ad dnw thee from the rough tee. of dutj. Launch forth in God's name, yield thyself up to the winds of heaven, and they will beer thee stra ght on in the eoune of deroted service. The Lord help thee to do with thy might what thou flndett to do. And, Jattly, there is • peculiar Toice in the text to the bo who will die in the next few days— those here present, 1 say, who will die within the next few days. " Well," say you, " and who are they P" " Ah," M y I, " that I cannot tell you." It may be the speaker, and it may be you into whose eyes the speaker's ejes are gating now. Here are within this house to« night not less, I suppose, thus six thousand persons; and, according to the averages of human life, a certain number of us will, in all probability, be in another world within a Tery short spaoe of time—say, within a year. Ye», and to some one of us the angel may be sent to night ! Now, to that man or to that woman the voice of the text is Tery strong—" Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." Thou hast only three days to lire; thou hast only a week to live; thon hast only a fortnight to lire; thou hast only three weeks to live; finish, then, thy labor for thy Lord. " Ah," say you, " if I were that man, I should be very busy the next three weeks, and very earnest in prayer." As you do not know but what you may be that man, go act in such a manner. Set your house in order, draw near to God ; seek to glorify His name j live in the bosom of Christ, and whether you die or not, it will make no dif ference to you ; for you to live will be Christ, and to die will be gain, and so you will be satis fied whichever way it may be. O brethren, we have not, most of us, begun to live yet. I feel very often like the chicken in the shell, whioh has chipped its shell a little, and begun to see that there is a great world outside. We have not as yet begun to serve God as He ought ta be served. The divinely-born manhood within us, the divine life wbioh God infuses, is it not •adly dogged and 'tampered ? May God set us free, and raise us up to the highest standard of a consecrated life ; and His shall be the praise for evermore. Amen. 