CHAPTER XXI. A GHOST. And now the sprites of injured men Shriek upwards from the sod And now the ghostly band will point. To show the burial clod -Mood Mr. Abrahams was very particular in his orders regarding the chessmen. He knew perfectly well what he intended to charge for them, and could guess pretty accurately what Tom Brown would take for his beautiful handiwork Tom was another man since he had found a way to help Man in bearing the burden of their house- keeping He was no longer desponding and un happy, but brisk and lively. The very fact of being of some use in the world seemed to abate his suffer- ing-for he still suffered much-and make him less of an invalid. He would never be a strong man again-indeed, it was almost a miracle be was alive at all, and it was a source of intense joy to him that even he, chained almost to his arm-chair by his disablement, should yet be able to bring in the money for their daily needs. Whether it was that the stimulus of work was good for him, or that his native air really renovated him after he had given up hope, they could not tell, but he rapidly grew stronger They took another room of Mrs. Haines, and Tom set up a regular work-room, with a little corner for Mary, where he might carve away undisturbed It worried him to have his carvings handled and his things obliged to be so often cleared away , and the extra room soon became a regular sanctum of work and litter Only a very few intimate friends were admitted here Mr Herbert was one, his geniality and kind- ness made him always a welcome guest and he took great interest in whatever work was in hand. " Don't let Nunky put on the screw too hard," he said, when told of the order " He's a good fellow in the main, but he likes to make money-that's a fact. Don't be afraid of opening your mouth too wide" And Tom took the hint, and asked a price much more commensurate with the real value of his work than be had intended, and got it, too, when it was done. Mr Herbert's interest in the pretty toys was almost as great as Tom's own. He had changed from the lover to the sincere friend of Mary, and atoned for his indiscretion by many an act of kindness and attention to her and her invalid husband. Together he and Tom planned what the chessmen were to be like, and resolved that as perfect a specimen of Eng- lish work as could be produced should go over the sea with Mr Joyce Johnson to Boston. Mr Herbert had learned from his uncle the name of the gentleman who bad given the order to Tom, though, as we have seen, Mr. Abrahams had no in- tention of establishing any conneetion between them The name told them nothing, and the pleasure Tom took in his work was not enhanced by any interest in its future owner. The three months passed rapidly by, and Tom's deft fingers had completed their task. True, he had worked almost night and day, and, as Mary declared, had nearly worn him- self to skin and bone over it. The chessmen were finished, and very beautiful they were. Every separate piece was a perfect figure-the white Eng- lish, the black Russians The knights were mounted, the horses being very spirited bits of carving, and the facts were miniature portraits. Every piece was different, yet nothing destroyed the symmetry of the whole. Mr Herbert contemplated them, as they lay in their velvet-lined box, with much satisfaction. " I'm as proud of 'em as though I'd done 'em my- self," he said " I feel as though they belonged to me somehow. " " So they do," Mary said " Why, no one would ever have known anything about Tom if you hadn't come here that day-dear old Tom!" And she hugged him with an honest frankness that made their visitor laugh. 'How are you going to send them ?" he asked. " I shall take them myself I don't fancy trusting them out of my hands till I give them into Mr Abraham's keeping. You see, the breaking of one would spoil the set, so I won't lose sight of them till I turn the responsibility over to him. " A cab conveyed Tom and his handiwork to Mr Abrahams shop. He saw the proprietor at the further end; and, taking his crutch and his box from the cabman, he went towards him. He could walk with one crutch now-a cork leg, which Mary had saved and scraped to pay for, replaced the one lost in the Balaklava charge, and the doctors told him that before long he would be able to walk without any extraneous aid. That happy day was not come jet, and he still used his crutch, and its sound made a gentleman who was talking to the shopkeeper look up from a piece of old china he was handling. He saw the look of annoyance that passed over the dealer's face, and an idea crossed his mind. " Is this your carver?" he asked. The question was asked lightly, and he hardly ex- pected in affirmative answer, but Mr Abrahams was taken by surprise, and answered in the affirmative " Yes, sir ' " And I wish the fellow was at the bottom of the sea rather than he had come here," he mentally added. Mr Johnson-for it was he-looked up with a strangely interested and surprised face. Tom Brown, in his neatly-fitting suit and irreproachable gloves and boots, looked more like a gentleman than an artisan. He turned his bead away sharply, as though he did not care to be seen, and said carelessly: " I shall be able to hear now whether my chessmen are done. Ask him, if you please " Mr Johnson's was a very curious voice-a high pitched, almost cracked falsetto- and Tom turned round at the sound of it. Mr Johnson was coming towards him, and Mr Abrahams with a little look of vexation, which he strove to conceal under ex- treme urbanity, bade him open the box and exhibit what he had brought. "This is the gentleman they are for," he said, with anything but a good grace, for he saw in his mind's eye his longed-for commission slipping through his fingers, and orders going direct to his most skilful workman without passing through his hands at all. " I'm glad of that, sir," Tom said, bowing respect fully " because if they don't suit the gentleman's fancy, maybe I can alter them. " He opened the box with alacrity, and set piece after piece on the counter for inspection. Mr John- son examined them very critically as it seemed, for he bent his head over them,and never looked towards Tom. "They are beautiful," he said at length, in his queer, shrill voice, It was quite startling to hear such a voice from such a big, strong looking man " These faces-are they portraits ?" " Some of them, sir ." " Ah, I see ! I recognise his Royal Highness, as you call him-the Duke-and one or two more of your army celebrities. And your white Queen-why that is Miss Nightingale, is it not?" " Yes, sir. " " You are raising her to royal dignity, my man. We think her a bit of a humbug over the water yonder" ' We think her an angel, sir-in the service, at least. She's done the work of one. God bless her?" " I don't mean I think her so," Mr Johnson said, in a voice that had changed all of a sudden " I know differently, and I, too, say ' God bless her!" and he lifted his bat for a moment, with a look in his eyes that seemed to take in a past of gratitude and remembrance of suffering. Tom looked at him with a strange feeling he could not understand. The face and voice were utterly unfamiliar, the manner and appearance were de- cidedly Yankee-and Tom had never met more than one or two Americans in his life-yet there was something about him that jarred with a strangely familiar twinge on the memories of long ago-that recalled the Crimea, and the long days of suffering and despair in the hospital at Scutari. " It's only hearing him speak of Miss Nigntingale," he said to himself And then, aloud, " Did you ever see her, sir?" " Not I," replied the stranger, carelessly. " But she is one of those whose light cannot be hidden. We are as familiar with ber, by portraits and repute, on the other side of the water, as you are here. By the way, who's your black queen ? The face is a striking one, and very well carved." He held the little figure tightly grasped while he spoke, but Tom could see that his hand shook in spite of his efforts to steady it. "It is a portrait, I presume," he said, after a moment's pause. " Yes, sir " "Whose'" "A dear friend of my wife's-Miss Blair, the actress." The black queen rolled to the ground, smashing the delicate sceptre she carried, and Mr Abrahams rescued her in tremendous consternation. "It isn't much damaged," he said, "only the wand" " I can set that to rights in a very little while," said Tom, gazing, not at the figure, but at Mr Johnson " All the other flagstaffs and sceptres are wire, this was the first I did, but I found the others answer better. If the gentleman likes, I'll take it home." " Yes, yes, take it home," Mr Johnson said, ab- stractedly " Miss Blair! Is that the lady we hear so much about-the great actress?" " They call her great," Mr Abrahams said, with a slight tone of contempt " She is very clever, cer- tainly , but she'll never be what I think an actress should be, she has no appearance-none. " "Yes, that is a good face," the American said, pointing to the carved presentment of Hester's speaking features, "a very good face, I should say I should say Miss Blair should be a good actress. "She's a good woman, sir,and a splendid actress," Tom said, emphatically, and Mr Abrahams shrugged his shoulders. " She's no appearance," he said quietly " She's too small to look well, and too decided a brunette to be effective behind the footlights " " This gives the idea of a tall woman," Mr John- son said, holding up the figure. He seemed to have mastered whatever agitation had possessed him at the first sight of it. " She is a little woman, sir, but you'd forget that if you saw her act. I-" Tom forgot what he was going to say -forgot the chessmen-forgot everything as bespoke but the wild charge at Balaklava, and the face of his dead mess- mate, Thomas West, Mr, Johnson had puzzled him from the first. There was a turn of the head- a tone in the queerly-pitched voice-a glance of the keen eyes-which had made him feel uncomfortable, he did not know why. The falsetto voice had changed as the American spoke the last sentence or two, the eyes looked strangely familiar, and there was a ges- ture in the hand that tugged at the long black mous- tache that was frightfully familiar. " Great Heaven !" he exclaimed, " Tom West !" Mr Johnson turned round calmly. "Did you speak ?" be asked. "Yes-yes, I did. Tom-Tom West, is it you? Were you not killed, after all ?" " Meaning me, my good man ?" " Don't say you don't know me ! Give me one word to think of when you're gone ! I'll keep your secret if you want it kept, but dont say you don't know your old chum ! My ' old chum! ' I don't understand," said the American, with a puzzled look. What does he mean ? he asked of the shopkeeper who stood look- ing on with a bewildered air. "I don't know sir; I suppose he takes you for some one else. Are you mad, Brown?" he asked, in a low, angry tone. " What do you mean ?" "I mean that's my chum that I thought was dead." Tom replied decidedly; and then going up to Mr Johnson, he said, quickly, "Perhaps you don't like being called by that name. Shall I say Mr Cecil Graeme ? Only speak to me one word in the old friendly tone and I'll never trouble you for a look or a sentence again. " " There is some mistake, ' Mr Johnson said quietly and without the slightest annoyance in his manner " I don't know either of the names, my good fnend I am an American, and know nothing of England You have mistaken me for some one else. Here is my card, and, if you still believe me to be either of the two persons you have mentioned, you are at liberty to make any enquiries you please about my identity. There are plenty who know me on the other side of the Atlantic , I can't say as much for England, for I am almost a stranger here." Mr Abrahams was very much annoyed with poor Tom after Mr Johnson was gone. He declared that gentleman to have been seriously offended, though he had shown no sign of offence and expressed his opinion pretty strongly on the impertinence of a workman of his presuming to liken one of his customers to a common soldier But Tom, how- ever, did not heed the lecture he received , not all his employer's hard words, nor the more pleisant sight of the money for his handiwork, could still the choking beating of his heart, or change the white, set look upon his face. " It was a ghost," he murmured, as he was driven back to Hoxton- ' the ghost of my old friend ! It was Tom's voice-Tom's look-Tom himself, with bis hair black and a dark skin ' What can it mean ? " " Oh, I'm so glad you've come, dear," was Mary's greeting to her husband when he alighted " Here's a letter from auntie , I suppose she isn't very well, by the way she writes But what's the matter, dear ? You look as if you'd seen s ghost " " So I have, dear " "A ghost! Whose?' And Tom told his story-to have his hair pulled and be called a goose by his impetuous little wife, who declared he must have been calling at a public house on the road, and impaired his eyesight. " I hate people to be so like other people," she said, emphatically, " it gives one the creeps. But read auntie's letter, Tom , she wants us to go there to-night. I wonder what's happened to her-dear, superstitious old thing ! I'm not much frightened , her end's so often at hand that I've got used to it " At which irreverent words Mr Tom laughed, and read the letter - Baker street, Tuefday " My dear Mary -This rome», hoping to find you both quite well whloh 1 am not st all I want you to come to rae to night (jon ««id you didn t play) for I'm very far from well and I feel that I m not IODE for this world I ve bad a warning M»ry dear-I can t write about it-but it was no fancy nor imagina lion on my part and I know it waa ient to me for a purpose Your uncle s away in the country and won t be home till to- morrow so 111 lake It kind of you to come and «tay with me in case of any thine happening Itnnotafiraid but leel poorly Come early Mrs Brown s going to drop In to tea and ehe li be glad to see Tom and you. " And there'll be muffins for tea, and something bot afterwards, and auntie'll play the sick lady in the big arm-chair, and shake her head over the frivolities of the world, and all the rest of it," Mary said, with a laugh " That's all, Tom, except ' So no more at present,' ¿c, Ate," " But, Mary, dear, suppose she's really ill ?" " Oh, not she Auntie s always having warnings Somebody's dog has howled on her doorstep, or she's seen two straws laid crosswise, or dreamed of a wed- ding or something equall} dreidful and mjstenous She'll have forgotten all about it b} bedtime ' They went, to find all that Mary had predicted Mrs Marsh very pale and silent m her arm-chair, Mrs. Brown in condolmg attendance, and a tempting tea set out . And, now, auntie dear, tell us all about it," Mary said, when the table was cleared, and the} drew their chairs closer together to chat and listen "What was the warning?" But Mrs Marsh only turned paler than before, and shook her head. " I don't like talking of it," she said " It was too real, it was a solemn warning My time's almost come" " But what was it, neighbour *" Mrs Brown asked, burning with curiosity to hear what she termed ' the nghta of it " " Was it a dream or a warning ?" " Neither I saw it " " Saw what ? ' " The ghost-the spirit sent to warn me " " Law, bless us !" exclaimed Tom's mother, in great alarm, while Mary began to think there must be an epidemic of ghosts, and Tom grew impatient to hear more " But ghosts don't come in broad daylight," Mary ventured to urge " This one did " " Mercy on me, auntie ! whose was it ? ' She nearly jumped off her seat into Tom's arms at the answer, it was so unexpected and so startling after what ber husband had told her " Mr Cecil Grome s !" Mrs Marsh replied quietly " He came to warn me that my daj s here are numbered You may laugh, you wicked girl, but I'm a dead woman " (To be continued ) 