i 'Sr/ . | ; ITEMS OF MEM; ; Mr Tolstrup bus left with us the<foltowing foliations to the funds'of the -District Hospital: : ) Os fid on account ot workmoii of Ferroii's Sjo- 8 Tribute Co., aud L3 2s on' account -ti'f . tlie -Eagle'Coinpany Vmen. Tho collect or1 vlil I ploase 'call. " " - A correspondent inquires if iu paying 3s for a telogruphic messago to Sandhurst ho has been ioveroharged; -Ho does not teU the length.of his messago,- so wo -can give iiint no Information, beyond this, 'Ihat the cliurgbs' for messages are posted up in the pasBage-of'kbe'tl'elo'gtnp.hotHoe, and have but to be referred to, in order to ascertain the charges. it % toihj'ey pBz'es will lake hlaco at the putts to-day anil patlirdoy, cbhimohcing eticb day at 2. p.m. Hqndibap same 'iss in Nb; 1 match on New Year's Day. We are requested to stnte, for tho information of the friends of Mr J. White, that that geiitle- mah will bo entertained at tbe Cunibcrlund Hdtel this bvening, at 8 o'clock. The train that leavo3 at 9.50 this morning for Sandhurst will run at excursion fares; to ac commodate sporting gentlemen, who piirposo attending the Bendigo Annual Steeplechase meeting. „'i,'he following is the result of tlio pplliiig yes terday fpr the election of one. member, for (lie west riding of the shire of Metcalfe to fill the vacancy caused by the decease of Air Potter Walter, 13G ; Kiddle, 80; Lang, 72. . , ; The election of the members for tbe Board of Advice for the Chowtbrf School Distfiot takes place to-day, at the Town-liall. The poll com mences at 9 o'clock in the morning, and closes fit 4 p.m. There are five members to be elected, and eleven candidates liave been nominated. Somo- handsome specimens were brought in ye&terilay; 'morning from Ihe claim of the Fer- ron's Co., Fryers' Creek. They were got from the engine shaft; at a depth of 120 feet from the main reef, tbe same on which tlie No. 2 has lately been working a, slioot of gold. The stone is dipping north into the groniid cf tlie No. 1. : The following is the, return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for tlie week ending Thurs day, 22nd May, 1873 : — Number of passengers 21,495, as against 18,482 for the corresponding week in 1872. Tlie total receipts were . Li2,273. is 8d ; corresponding week iu 1872, L10,993. fis 8d. The aggregate amount, to this date, from 1st J uly, LC32,370 14s lid; and tbe weekly aver- age, 47 weeks,. L13, 454 14s; " " A man has been going-abput tlie lo'.wij lately, called at tlie varu>\»; liyu;es,i .'patemi.blji selling books and small wares, but who has taken every opportunity to commit .indecent assaults on fe- hialu children. His doings have been watched, and information, we biilieye; given. to the police, with a full description of the'- vagabond. 1 On a recent occasion bo was caught almost iu the act, anil .Wliilc one of the - parents weiit for" the police, tliu fellow made track's,' and has ii6t since been seen. ' - : , The ; atleiidance ,.at the , Royal , Italian Circus, last bvehihg was almost, if not quite, equal to fhat of the previous night.,, Tho result of this short visit musi be vory satisfactory to the pro- prietor-r-Signcr Chiariuf, and. proves- that when, exhibitions of. horsemanship such as liis risit-the town, the populuce .aro ready , and willing to most liberally patronise them. The progrEinme of feats last evening offered littlb. variety, froiii the previoiis one, atid were executed with tliii't precision and neatness wh'ich' marks practised hands thoy were accordingly received, with", evfy mark o'f alpprbbiition'. Regret was expressed at the departure of the troupe, who, owing to engagements elsewhere, have found it impos sible to prolong their stay.for another night. There was) affair altendance of ratepayers at the MarketTliaU last hignt,,to listen to the candi dates for ; the. Board . of . Advice .expatiatiug . on their good intentions. The speeches; were, re. markable. for their unanimity in ; upholding secular e'ducation)' and had a" strong family like ness throughout. Where all were agreed so closely, the ratepayers could find nothing to dispute over, and became unusually inanimate, not at all like their former selves'.; in public meeting assembled. It may be that .education lias already softened the manners of the people ; but it will be father inferred that the eloquence of the speakers , was too fiat to stir up the slumbering spirits of the electors. Indeed the Mayor was so struck at presiding over so" dis creet a meeting, that he felt called upoa to thank them for their orderliness'."- - / , The contest for the representatiah of tho East .Ennrkn-'RofftiiMis.-h'atwBehMrHiBiiibotham'.aud Air Staley, has resulted, asev.crybody anticipated, iu the return of Mr Higiubotbaiiii, and that by the Bubstantiaj majority of 238 out of a lotal number of Yotea'poljed.- - ' i. 'i . A desperate obaracter, says , the . Argus, /.was appfelieffded i'near;, Franklin, River,) five imles1 from; Stockyard' Cfeek) on .Saturday night;,. ) He had. committed several robberies; both fat Tur-. toil's! aiid Stockyard., Ai policeman in plain clothes went in pursuit,' and overtook liim on tbe. track to Port Albert -obont f d lisk. / ; Tlie fellow presented a' uble- barrelled1 gun',' whereupon the' policeman dre'w his' revolver and' fifed twice, with'ou't/wq'unding hi in; The/'maii -then sur-' rendered', and" it ; turiied out tb'at tho giiii'.was not loaded. When brought . before tlie ijiblgis-'. trate to, 'day for a remand,' he. gave tji)ej)hame ,pf ) John Wilson. He is a young mau, ab6ut 22, and a'straugerfiefe, ; ,, ..) ' The- following report of tlie stewards ;of the wine'seotion at the recent Sydney .Exhibition) and"1 the' liBt'of awards,- have bbeirpublisli'ed 'in1 the))SydnBy.Mofiiifig Heraldl-!- Iii bubmittihg) to| (iie'eduncil of; theAgricnlfural Sbin'ety df:Ne\v/ Souflv'. Wales tjisi judges' award papers' in section 8, I have to' report) that 218 'samples ,of wiu'e were 'plqcedliy.my' haria's 'for bla's'sificatiph)- to -iheir', beipg 'submitted ..for .tlio .;ppi'uipnj,of' judges/appointed, by . (the, .council. . . Wines from; four colonies were placed in competition as fol lows New South Wales, 75 samples ; Victoria,- 73 -;1' South Australia; 52 ; and Western - Austra lia) 18— in -all -218— comprising- <a" ihuclilarger number of wines, of qualities varying in character according, to Ihe climates in1 'which1 fhby were produced/- tliaii1 lias hitherto been exhibited' in '- tlio Australian- colonies, - and thereby giving tho judges a task of no ordinary difficulty to deter- mine tne respective merits of each class as placed before them. ' .. Tile judging of the wines was ad vertised to cbmmen'cb on" '2nd April, " biit' owing to'tiib ri'6n-'ii¥fival.6f the wine exhibits frbm'Sbiit'li' AustrMiii'/unyil 'at least a' week after tliat 'dat.q, and it haviiig beeii .considered only fair towards them/that thuy sboiil'd liave a few days rest" in' , the, society's cellar before submitting theiii to the, judges, the judging of the whole section was" delayed .until the, 16th April, when the first-class, (272): was placed before tlie judges. Every care was taken to clsssity the samples according to character, a)ge, ah'd colour, from information obtained front the certificates of entry furnished by the respective growers. The wines wore sub- mitted, to -the. judges in tho order specified in rules 8 to 13, inclusive'. Tbe judging extended over 10 sitting days,- and was -concluded on the 19th Alay.' With very few excoptioila'the samples were iri excellent condition, and much praise is due to tli'e) wideigrowers of the colonies of Vic toria, South Australia)' and Western Australia, for the pains taken by them to contribute so large and interesting a collection of superior wines for the opinion of the judges in Now South Wales, and wlieh. another opportunity is afforded, i t is suggested that they will send s still larger number of their excellent wines for com petition. - ) On Friday afternoon the Great Extended Hus- ItlerV Tribute Btruck stone, iu sinking their shaft. iA groat rise in the price of the shares immediately 'ensued ; on that evening they were planed, long after business hours, at 53s ; the next clay, being ia public holiday, the telegraph office was closed, ianu'iii the meantime " tho Pups " had fallen con siderably ; at twelve o'clock they were still falliu». I Two gentlemen of the Verandah (says the Adver tiser) thought that under these circumstances a )"go'od thing" might ho douo by a trin to Mol- ' bourne, with which city telegraph communication was stopped. Thoy therefore proceeded by tlio noon train to the metropolis, and when they had taken their seats in the carriage, a " mysterious stranger," who appeared to be suffering from tlie prevailing epidemic, so nuillled up was lie, was observed in tho same compartment. Ho was critically examined by the two travellers, but both agreed that ho was 110 Sandhurst Beehive man, ' mid this conclusion being determined on, both folt relieved from all anxiety. The " stranger " observed a sullen demeanor all tho way to Mel bourne, and did hot even get' out to " refresh," although invito'd- to do so by our frloiids of tlio "Pups." Arriving at Ficmington, the train stopped and tho " mysterious " made a bolt clean away, to the utter consternation of his assooiateS; Re was observed to get into a cab, aiid. that was tho. last that was seen of him— until yesterday, when he reappeared in his usual haunt Under the Vorandali. He, too, had gone down to town to sell "Pups " — and lie went to the Melbourne racecourse, to. sell them there, as he knew that there tho Afeibourne brokers were to be found. He sold all he had to sell at several shillings in advance of tho market price then current in Sandhurst, and when he had quietly got rid of tho lot, he announced tho awful fact — "Pups were tumbling down iu 'Sandhurst — when he left at twelve o'clock they were offered at 43s !" The two other speculators went on to Afeibourne, aud went straight to the Afeibourne Verandah. When tliey got there) there was not the ghost of a human being about, ahl by the time the people returned to toivn. from the .races, tho murder was out. Tliat smart young man from Sandhurst, who was no other than tlie mysterious invalid of the iailway carriage and a well known broker, .had spoilt the " little game " after selling his own shares, and had effectully checkmated the wide awake travellers from the Alall to Alelbourue. , Tho half-yearly meeting of the old Wattle Gully Company was held on Monday at Air Weddell's office, says the Bendigo Advertiser. Present, 27 shareholders (in person and by proxy) representing 8650 shares ; Air Ceilings in the chair. The direc tors' report and balance-sheet were lead . and adopted : — Directors' Report. — In presenting our report of tho work done during the past six months, we may remind you that at the date oforirlast general meeting the engine-shaft had been sunk to a depth of 315ft, and that operations had entirely ceased in other portions of the mine. The sinking was continued until a total depth of 339ft had been attained ; here we had a crosscut driven east 38ft ; no important result, however, has as yet attended our efforts in that direction, aud a crosscut west 'lias" recently been commenced. Tlie shaft has been thoroughly timbered and secured, and ii large plat out at the bottom. In driving the. eastern crosscut considerable inconvenience was ex perienced from tlie influx of water, aiid some little delay was also caused by tlie alterations, found necessary to place the winding-gear in better order. tYe Have become convinced that a thorough over haul of the whole plant, is requisite, aiul with that view tenders were called to place the engine in thorough repair, alter -winding aud pumping gear, drect now poppet-heads, supply pumps, &c.; In order that our successors may be, enabled to meet the expenditure which tills) work ' will eiitail, we trust that you will strengthen their hands by re sponding promptly to the calls tliey may find it necessary, to make. , Balance-sheet, — Heceipts,: To calls, L454 7s1;' proceeds' from sale of forfeited' shares, L16 15s 7d ; .expenses recovered on forfeited shares, L7 Cs ; amount of lease deposit refunded, L2; balance (overdraft), L23(( 16s 5d— total L711 5s. Expenditure.'— By overdraft at date of ' last audit; L56 18s 2d ; , miffing materials, L69 16s ; general charges, L37' 5s 7d ; ! firewood, . L34 14s ; wages, L421 I5s'; surplus off, forfeited shares, 7s 6d/; management, -L26; directors', fees, L40 ; printing and' advertising,' L15 17s Gd ;' lease rent, XI 13s lid,; interest, -L6 17s 4d — total, L711 5s. To capital account, L24,000 ; suspense account, L17 Is 3d);, balance' (blink overdraft), L230 16s'5d — total, L24,247 17s 8d. By property account, L12,000 ; uncalled capital account, LI 0,800 .; calls account (unpaid calls), LI 50 0s Gd';' .profit1 ffnd loss account, L1297 17s 2(1— total, L24.247 17s 8d. Tho retiring directors, /Messrs. pollings' and Haynes, were re-'elected, and Air Houston was elected -in room, of. Alr/AITadzean;., ,The.. retiring auditors, Alessrs. Williamson and Braim, were. re-eleclted.'' The action of i . the directors, in, re new . niaclhnery was approved of) 7 - ' 1 ; ; 1 " 