MISCELLANEOUS. The Value of the Gum Tree. — Additional testimony is to band of tbe value of the bluegnm tree. The follow ing is an extract from a letter written by an old South Australian colonist, Dr. M' Henry : — ' Hyeres, Department, ,du Yar, France, 30th March, 1873. You would be astonished to see tbe numbers of the Eucalyptus globulus (bluegnm) planted everywhere in France and Italy, and I am told in Portugal and Spain, and Algeria also. The French consider its timbers very valuable for all sorts of agriclrtural implements, wheels arid spokes, .piles, beams, joists, and rafters, and all sorts of carpenters' and wheelwrights' work, The immense forests of it planted in Algiers are beginning to exercise there ia beneficial sanitary effect in banishing agues and fevers. The Commission appointed ay ine jrencu vjo vei n mem call it the Diamond of Forest Trees, and consider the odoriferous emanations from it kill an infinity of insect life and eggs, and vegetable spores, and its leaves and bark falling in swamps and on the gronnd after rain, purify the water, so that fevers no longer infest the districts where the trees are planted. Tell Dr. Schomburgk this; it perhaps explains why typbns and ague are almost unknown in Australia, except in tbe tropics, where it is likely the Eucalyptus is supplanted by trees of some other sort.' It is expected thai shortly a Filibus tering expedition will be undertaken froin within the borders of the United States for the purpose of invading Mexico across the Rio Grande, and founding there a new State with San Euis as its capital, the object being ultimate annexation to the United States. This State would have Mata moros and Tampico for seaports. Tbe region contains a * large disaffected population, who would be glad of any thing that would rid them of the present uncertain rule of Mexico — a Govern ment unable to maintain her power, and which, consequently, leaves tbe people to the ravages of insurgent leaders, who are constantly raising the banner of successful revolt. THE COMING ELECTIONS.—Although the electorate of Carnarvon, in common with all others, can only return one member to the Assembly, there is scarcely a day passes that we don't hear of some fresh Candidate rushing off to the tin mines. There are now no less than four in the field, viz., Mr. R. R. Austin, Mr. T. Boulton, Mr. D. Aplin, and last, but by no means least, the Hon. Ratcliffe Pring, Q.C., is said to have gone into training for the Stan- thorpe Cup. Mr. Pring has had con- siderable experience in mining matters, on the gold-fields and in the Supreme Court, as well as in Parliament. He is an accomplished public speaker, and will prove a dangerous competitor to the other three candidates. Indeed, we may mention that he is already the favorite and backed to win against the field.—Warwick Argus. AN ULTRAMONTANE ON ENGLISH ECCLE- SIASTICS.—Among the delegates (to the Old Catholic Congress) who had not been delegated except by themselves to the Congress was Dr. Stanley, Dean of Westminster, and chaplain in ordinary to the Queen. He had been in turn the supple introducer to his own elastic communion of a schismatical Greek archbishop, a Protestant Hindoo re former, and an apostate Carmelite monk, and he ended by going to the Congress of Cologne without any mis sion from his church. . . But where might he Archdeacon Denison, who would have instructed the Congress in his origiual views of what was not the sacramental Real Presence ? or tbe Dean of Ripon, who would satisfactorily have proved that there was no Real Presence at all? Where was Mr. Whalley, who would have been invalu able as a guide on the wiles and machinations of the Jesuits, or Mr. Newdegate, who would have thrown much light on the religious orders in England ? Where was the Bishop of Winchester, who, having at one time preached so much Popery that he was suspected of being almost in earnest, afterwards preached so much Protes tantism that it was thought he might not be sincere ? . . . Lastly, was the Archbishop of Canter Tiury . the -highest representa tive of private judgmeut, ought cer tainly to have been at the Congress ? — HeTr' Froiich. Withdrawn Patronage:* — A former ^uvsibrtbury itruu jjaper) ^discontinued his. ilepublican because be could not make it say just such things as it ought to say, has, we learn, recently expressed considerable surprise to his friends that the paper should keep running — since he has withdrawn his patronage. It was pretty close work for a while, we confess : but by omitting to put sugar in our tea, and buying a cheaper grade of paper collars and re versing them for a second and third time, we managed to rub along until a new subscriber came and took the place of our respected but disgruntled friend — xnd then Richard was himself again. Nothing but rigid economy will carry one over such a calamity as the loss of subscriber. Popular Pill. — From an analysis of some of the most widely known patient medicines of the present time, referred to in the Chemests and Druggcsts Advocate, it appears that the famous Morrison's IiiIlf,two and a half grains each, consist of aloes, cream of tartar, and colocynth : another kind of this pill contains the same ingredients, beside gamboge. Hollo way's pills, about equally famous, are composed of aloes, myrrh, and saffron. Brandreth's pill showed resin of podo phyllum, thickened juice of pokeherries, saffron, cloves, oil of peppermint. ' Oil of horse-chestnuts,' by Genevoix of Paris, is not at all the oil of the horse chestnut, but another non -drying oil, altered by h$at so that it has acquired a darker color, a pungent odour, and an acrid taste. Australian Expi.oration. — Baron Yon Mueller has (says the Express) re ceived commnnications from Air. Ernest Giles, the Yictoriau explorer now in Central Australia, to the effect that his party is now leaving Beltana, amply pro vided, and that it is his intention to choose Alburga (between the telegraph stations of Charlotte ana Peake) for his westerly course, the lower part of the Alburga only being known. The party consists of three white men, and one ab original. Mr. Giles with his very slender means, partly given by the South Australian Government as a reward of past services, and partly obtained for him hy Baron Yon Mueller from private friends, has managed to bring for his new expedition twenty-four horses to gether. A Strange Story —The head of a well known Melbourne firm (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of June 18) sends us the fol lowing narrative, every word of which he vouches is 'strictly true:*' — 'Very extraor dinary things have ftom time to time been said and written on the subject of ghosts. I myself have read and heard of thousands of instances, to all appearances well authenticated : but never have I had the fortune, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things ; and I offer tbe fol lowing facts for the acceptance of your readers. On Saturday afternoon, the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman. The time was as nearly as possible six to tc-n minntes past 6. We were passing along Spring-street, on the opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, and about oppo site to that building, when I suddenly ima gined, that I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pa6S across my path, and,' as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his bands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearance for perhaps four' seconds when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. The appearance was of a very peculiar grey trans parent nature I could not for the life of me say the form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer exa mination. A few words in conclusion. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was pass ing the spot, only this time on the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me ! that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated tbat he came bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, 1 Now, then, mind where you're coming,' when he also was somewhat startled to see the appearance sud denly disappear.' Romish Priests in the English Church. — The Rev. J. W. Brooke, rector of Great Pon ton, and late vicar of St. Mary's. Nottingham, in a Itrng 1 title! to the Jkxord on ' ifome's Tactics,' vouches for the accuracy of the fol lowing story : — A certain clergyman 'died in a certain diocese towards the end of tbe year 1S71. (I do not deem it expedient to mention names at present). This clergyman had appointed as his executors a brother, who is an admiral in the British navy, together with a friend of this brother, also an admiral, well known at this time, and of high standing. The executors were prevented from meeting toge ther to wind up the affairs of tbe deceased until tbe middle of the last year, when, upon examining his papers, they found a parcel as it were hermetically closed, and endorsed, ' Inviolably sacred : To be destroyed.' A question arose about opening it, but tbey soon decided that it was their duty as executors so to do, when the parcel was found to contain two documents, one a dispensation from the Pope, permitting the deceased to retain his position as a clergyman of the Church of Eng land, though actually a priest of the Church of Rome ; the other a list of such of the clergy in his diocese, or near him, who are likewise possessed of dispensations, and upon whom he might therefore hope for friendly co operation, 