LADY TELEGRAPHISTS. (From the Queen.) SINCE Government have undertaken the management of the telegraph service the public have occasionally been allowed a glimpse of the inner mysteries of the Central Telegraph-office. But hitherto these mere coups d'oeil have been from a passing visitor's point of view, or through the medium of a detailed, scientific, semi-official article in a newspaper or magazine. Suppose we plunge beneath tbe surface—far beyond the ken of the " casual observer," tak ing care at the same time to divest ourselves of the rosy-hued spectacles of officialism—and con sider the daily life of the telegraphists them selves. Any morning, at a few minutes before 9 o'clock, troops of girls—fair and dark, tall and short, pretty and plain, with a sprinkling of 11 unclaimed blessings" of more advanced age, and hero and there a wife or a widow —may be seen entering the gloomy portal of the Central Telegraph-office. Exactly as the hour strikes, those whose duty it is to send and receive messages take their places at their respective instruments, thus re leasing the diowsy, heavy-eyed night clerks, who instantly vanish, like ghosts at cock-crow. Before five minutes have passed, all the fresh arrivals have settled to their work, though there is comparatively little business done before 11 o'clock. About that time messages begin to pour in thick and fast, the noise of the working instruments gradually increases from an inter mittent clatter to a continuous deafening din. Ever and anon, above the tumult, may be heard the voice of a clerk in charge issuing soms direction or reprimand, suoh as, " C. H. calling," or " D. Y. waiting," or " Miss Smith, why have you left your circuit? " ic. There are about 900 telegraphists employed at this office daily, of whom considerably more than 600 are of the gentler sex. And yet the work gets done, and well done, too, upon the whole. However anti-women's rights bigots may protest and argue against the employment of women in public offices, it is very certain the "powers that be" find the system pays, or they would not so recently have admitted them into the Savings Bank Department of the Post office. At the time of the transfer cf the telegraphs into the hands of the Government, Mr. Scuda more made a startling innovation with regard to the arrangement of bis stuff, which excited much criticism, and not a little scandal. This was by annihilating tbe social distinc tions which had hitherto been rigorously pre served between the sexes. In spite of tbe decorous dismay of Mrs. Qrundy, and the " You'll see what will oome of it" of habitual croakers, Mr. Scuda more persisted in carrying out his design. Tbe bold stroke seems on the whole to have been productive of more good than evil; at all events, the authorities say " the plan works well." Flirting is, of course, strictly prohi bited, though, indeed, the work is too incessant to admit of much impropriety of that kind, even if the supervision were less strict than it is. Woe betide the unlucky wight whom the martinet of a superintendent catches exchang ing unnecessary remarks with a fair neighbour, for the culprit is there and then coßdemned to night duty, and thus effectually prevented from repeating the offence. When any event of publie interest is in pro gress— such as the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Bace, the Derby, Ac.,—the excitement at Tele graph-street rises to fever pitch. The deluge of messages, the noise, rushing to and fro, and general anxiety to get the work off with as little delay as possible, render the scene almost aa exciting as a racecourse or hunting field. Surely, if all the ungallant, >tiff-necked old fogies who still pert ist in the opinion that women are little better than incapable inanities, created for no loftier purpose than "to suckle fools and chronicle small beer," could be ad mitted as spectators, and induced to remain 'from 9 a.m. till 8 p.m. in the principal gallery of the Central Telegraph Office on a Derby day, they would be for ever silenced, if not wholly converted from their mistaken notions. But the overwhelming honor, great as it may seem to any modest little maiden in her teens, or even to a mere woman of mature years, of being admitted into Her Majesty's service, may be purchased too dearly. It is very injurious even to those of the strongest constitution, to toil eight hours caily in a noisy, overcrowded, badly ventilated room, with the close unremit ting attention which is absolute y indispensable to avoid making mistakes. Now and then, however willing a olerk may be to do her work carefully and quickly, the over tasked mind will wander to that long letter only half read, which is so temptingly near in her pocket, or the weary brain, confused with the perpetual din, will seek a moment's refreshment in recalling those tender words somebody whis pered laßt evening aa they two, arm-in-arm, threaded their way through the crowded tho roughfares of the city. But should her attention wander an instant, a mistake is almost sure to be made. Theomisßion of a word, for instance, and then, relentless as fete, down comes a report, and two hours extra duty without pay are im posed on the toiler. This punishment, severe as it is, and strictly enforced, is as a rule patiently submitted to. But the system generally, which has of late rapidly extended, of imposing extra duty for the most trifling offences, is gradually, but none the less surely, arousing a strong and defiant spirit of dissatisfaction. Doubtless the authori ties find it an economical means of defraying overtime expenses. But tbe interests of the public would be far more conscientiously served by employing fresh relays of clerks and abolish ing overtime altogether except on special occa sions, when an unusual pressure of business makes a larger staff indispensable. The Court CVrew/ar announces that Brigadier- Genera) Adye, 0.8., R.A., gave a geographical lecture at Marlborough House on Saturday mornirg, February 15, on Central Asia, before His Royal Highnesß the Prince of Wales. A long list is given of those who received invita tions. It includes most of Her Majesty's Ministers and the principal leaders of the Oppo sition in both Houses, as well as numerous royul and distinguished persons. Jhb proposed fortifications of Stra&burg; con stitute only a fraction of the grand German scheme for making the new western frontier impregnable. It is now reported from Berlin that as soon as the works round Metz, being chiefly those left unfinished by the French, are substantially complete, it is intended to restore the enceinte of Xhionville sufficiently to secure a strong passage across the Moselle close to the Luxemburg frontier, and that a third place of passage will be selected and fortified above Metz, giving three from which at need to debouch into French Lorraine. In accordance with the general design of showing a strong military front on the side of France, and probably as much for political reasons as strictly military ones, a reinforcement of two companies has just been ordered to the garrison artillery at Belfort, as well as to each of the detachments at Metz and Strasburg. This seems to be in addition to the force already kept in the French occupied districts of twelve com panies and that in Alsace-Lorraine of fifteen. Eefkrbing to deep sinking in mines, Mr. Authony, an English Government Inspector of Mines, says :—"One of the peculiar features in the history of the tin, lead, and copper bearing lodes of the old country is that when the out crop or cap of the lode has been rich in the pro duction of metallic ores, they have generally been poor at a depth of from 60 to 100 feet from the surface ; that is, that the rich surface deposits havo ceased to be profitable at about those depths, and that on an average they have not ' made' again until a depth of from 400 to 600 feet has been reached, when they have in most cases become permanent in their profitable yields. Many examples might be quoted in support, but my space here will not allow of such a course; I will, however, give one. The Great Devon Consols, in the western part of Devon, where the first workings were shallow, and under the title of the Great Wheal Maria, gave extraordinary yields of copper; these, however, ceased at a comparatively shallow depth, and nothing was found of a profitable character until a depth of about 600 feet waa reached, and from this to the present working lowest levels, about 1500 feet, this mine has given in proQts to its fortunate shareholders something like two millions sterling." Thi discovery of coal beneath the Permian ' foundation in the neighborhood of Birmingham is likely to be followed bj a similar discovery in the we .-tern portion of Lancashire. Mr. Edward Young, of Doughtybridge, who has sarreyed and explored the district, in of opinion that there is a coal field of between 400 and 500 square miles, commencing near Southport, and extending to Liverpool on the one side and Lancaster on the other. Kcbping Fish Fbbsh with Stjoab.—A method adopted in Portugal for preserving fish consists in removing the viscera and sprinkling sugar over the interior, keeping the fish in a horizontal position, so that the sugar may pene trate as much as possible. It is said that fish prepared in this way can be kept completely fresh for a long time, the flavor being as per fact as if recently caught. One tablespoonful of sugar is sufficient for a five-pound fish. Economical Portable Engines.—A novel form of portable engine, built by Messrs. Davey Paxtr an and Co., has recently been tested at Cardiff, Wales, and, it ia stated by the Engineer, performed admirable duty and was highly com mended by the judges. The boiler is of the usual portable engine type, but improved by the addition of ten tubes, which serve to augment the firebox surface, break up and mix the gases on their way to the flues, and also promote cir culation in the firebox and over its roof. The regular evaporation may be taken as over 10 pounds of water per pound of coal, as, on the occasion of the trial, the engine (8 horse power) evaporated 16f5 pounds of water with 168 pounds of coal. There is a peculiarity about the valve gear which is worthy of notice. Toe ordinary slide valve, worked by an ecoentric, is employed, but in the lid of the chest slots are made, on which works a grid valve with corres ponding apertures. This valve has a throw of not more than one-fourth of an inch, and is ac tuated by a crank on a long rod. The end of the latter is a bowl of hardened steel which takes against two earns on a sleeve on the crank shaft. A powerful coiled spring near the end of the rod pushes it forward and shuts the valve; and the sleeve on which the cams are fixed ia traversed back and forward on the crank abaft by the action of the governor. When the latter is open, the narrow ends of the cam plates take the end of the rod, keeping the valve open for one- tenth of the stroke; when the balls fall down, the sleeve traverses on the shaft, and the bowl run? to the wide end, and the valve remains open for about one half stroke. The grade of expansion is thus regulated with great precision by the governor. The gear makes no noise when at work, excepting a slight clicking sound, and it is of great durability, as, after a month's running, it showed no signs of wear, although the cam plates were only of wrought iron hardened with prussiate of potash. A Mechanical Eye.—No meohanio can ever attain distinction unless he ia able to detect ordinary imperfections at sight, so that he can see if things are out of plumb, out of level, out of square, and out of proper shape; and unless he can also detect disproportioned or ill shaped patterns. This is a great mechanical attain ment. I say attainment, because it can be at tained by any ordinary person. Of course there are defective eyes as there are other defective organs ; the speech, for instance, is sometimes defective, but the eye is susceptible of the same training as any other organ. The muscles, the voice, the sense of hearing, all require training. Consider how the artist must train the organ of sight in order to detect the slightest imper fection in shade, color, proportion, shape, ex pression, 4c. Not one blacksmith in five ever attains the art of hammering square; yet it is very essential in his occupation. It is simply because he allows himself to get into a careless habit } a little training and care is all that is necessary for success. The fact is that the eye is not half so much at fault aa the heedless mind. Some carpenters acquire the careless habit of using a try-square every time they plane off a shaving, in place of giving their minds right to their buainesa and properly training their eyes; and unless they cultivate this power of the eye they will always be at journey work. Look at the well-trained black smith ; he goes across the shop, picks up the horse's foot, takes a squint, returns to his anvil, forges the shoe, and it exactly fits the foot. Contrast him with the bungler who looks at the foot, then forgea a ahoe, then fits the foot to it, often to the ruin of a fine horse. Now the fault lies in ever allowing himself to put a shoe on tbat is not in proper shape for the foot; he should determine to make the shoe fit the foot in the place of the foot fitting the ahoe, and he should follow it up until the object is accom plished. A very good way to discipline the mechanical eye is to first measure an inch with the eye, then prove it with the rule \ then measure a half inch, then an eighth, and so on, and you will aoon be able to discover at a glance the difference between a twelfth and a sixteenth of an inch; then go on to 3 inches, 6, 12, and so on. Some call this guessing; there is no guess work about it; it is measuring with the eye and mind. Acquire the habit of criti cising for imperfections every piece of work that you see ; do everything as nearly as you can without measuring (or spoiling it), or as nearly as you can trust the eye with its present training. If you cannot see things mechanically do not blame the eye for it; it is no more to blame than the mouth ia because we cannot read, or the fingers because we cannot write. A person may write a very good hand with the eyes closed—the mind, of course, directing the fingefs. The eye is necessary, however, to detect imperfections. Every occupation in life requires a mechanically-trained eve, and we should realise, more than we do, the great im portance of properly training that organ. Facts about Fbiction.—ln a new edition of bis " Principles of Mechanism," Professor Willis says : " The friction of materials in con tact with unguents interposed is given as one twelfth of the pressure, and the limiting angle of resistance 5 degrees; of metals on metals, one-sixth of the presaure, with an angle of 10 degreea; of wood on wood, one-third of the pressure, with an angle of 18 degrees ; and of bricks and stones, two- thirds of the pressure, with an angle of 33 degrees. The magnitude of the friction between a pair of plane surfaces, the one fixed and the other movable, ia governed by three principal laws, which have been confirmed by innumerable experiments. The first law is that the magnitude of the frictional resistance between a given pair of surfaces of any materials is proportional to the pressure that keeps them in contact. The second law is tbat the frictional resistance ia unaffected by the area of oontact, which may be shown by placing the upper block first flatwise, and then on edge, when the friction will be found to be the same in both po sitions. The third law is that the frictional resistance of solids is wholly unaffected by the relative velocity of the rubbing surfaces. It is worthy of remark here, that the laws of friction of solids and fluids are essentially dif ferent with regard to velocity, for while the friction of solids is independent of it, that of fluids increases as the square of the velocity. It is curious to observe that, taking the mean value of friction at one-third of the pressure which generates it, if we take a cylinder of any diameter, as the barrel of a common windlass, aud fix it, and throw a rope over it, any weight tied to one end will support a weight about three times as great at the other end. If the rope be taken once round the barrel, and the two ends hang freely down, the small weight will support one twenty-seven times as great at the other end. Thus, with half a coil, as in tbe first case supposed, the rope will support at one end three times aa much as at the other ; with one complete coil, nine times as much; 1 with a coil and a half, twenty-seven times; with ' two coils, eighty-one ; with two and a half coils, 2-13 ; with three coiU, 729; with three and a half coils, 2187 ; and with four coils, 656L times the weight suspended at the other end. In drawing water from a well where the depth ia not great, or winding up earth from sewer excavations, this property of coil friction ia sometimes employed by taking three or four coils of the rope round the windlass barrel. The empty bucket or skip takes the place of the small weight, and the full one that of the greater weight, the coils grasping the cylindrical aurface so firmly as to sustain the load. But although the friction of these coils is sufficient to sustain the load, there is a practical difficulty in the method, from want of clearance room, where tho buckets or skips pass each other up and down. A despatch from Some, dated February 17, states that Monsignor Losanna, Bishop of Biella, and the oldest Italian biahop, is cUari. 