HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, September 9. xne kfeakxb took the chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. LAURIE presented a petsaon from 52 carriers and other residentsolthe Socth-JBssseG iJistrict, praying that the House would mtin. c compulsory that every one carrying pusecgss or goods should be licensed. Received and read. Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from 7? ~ hahitants of Light, praying that no Bill vhk& ex cluded the Bible from Government schools be passed. Received. Mr. WATTS presented a petition from Ul per sons resident in Port Pirie ana the Northern Areas, praying that telegraphic communication mi^s established between Adelaide and Port Pirie. Received and read. PAPER. Tbe COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Bon. B. E. Bright) laid on the table a resaro «* the expenditure on construction of road beeves Adelaide and Port Adelaide and Adelaide and MilsW. To be printed. THE NEW RESERVOIR. Mr. HIM MB asked the Commissi oner a# PaLSr Works " If it is the intention of the Govemnaeci to carry out the recommendations of itr. Dorrc io reference to the new reservoir, and will abe reservoir be fit for use this summer.'" The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (fiors. IL K. Bright) said the proposed mode of dealing with this work was the usual one adopted trader similar circumstances in England, and the depth of day to be used was tbat approved by Messrs. Bmnerebatn. McLean, and Stitemm. Bydrwdic Engineers of London, viz^ a thickness of 1 foot of good clay for eyery 7 or 8 feet of wssa in depth. The formal answer was —"The present voAt are being carried out in accordance with s eonstssc entered into by the late Government and the present Government to carry out the recacs snencatkiD of Mr. Dome in reference to the new seaervoiz, and the reservoir will be used for sappir dnrisg tibis snrnme." GEEMAS POST-OFFICE ORDERS. Mr. KRiDBAUFF asked the Chief Secretary ■"has any tspiv been received from the possri au&arisiet; in London as regards the forwarding of sums of money from Germany by means of iRuBi-ttfinit teaere." Tits CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blytfc) xspiiet "So teste has been received. The Pasr ansHmr-'Seneal w21 write again by next mail." USE NORTH-EASTERN-ROAD. Vfrr STjlBD asked the Commissioner of Pub&c; Wrens—""I. Does the .£179,324 lis. Id., stated it jiEVf; been the cost of the construcaoe am; ■mcintmmni' of the North-Eastern-road itatveei. Adelaide and Mannum, include any TaBDSpi expended upon any of the branches of the -N nrit -LaBtsm-rQad, and if so, to what extent t 1 Snr mush cS the smonnt stated has been ex inrnh'd m. canBEruction, and how much on main csnase-"' _ rhte GfjMftnBsrcasEB of public works ffim 5. E. Bright) replied:—"1. The •£179.324 Zti. iu. stated it iurve been the cost of the co-n smciinr; ami maintenance of the North-Bastern msu: between Adelaide and Mannum, does not include any mnneyf expended upon any of the hrmushes of the North - Eastern • road. 2. Annum; ozpenase on constracrion of the North Sastsm-T-ow: cgy ^£XL1S.005; do. main 111,. Id. Total, £378.324 Us. Id." TRUST aeosir INTSSIMENr BILL. sload a third time and passed. y-'.'ifSTEBSKN EESSITOEY JUSTICE BILL. She rspoK was adopted, sac the third readme was made ax- Order of the Day for Tuesday. MARINE BOARD BILL. The report was anoptsfi. Thf Siandinf Orders were suspended to enable the itE vo pass through its remaining stages wishocs deity. The Bill was read a third time and passed. EDUCATION BILL. Resumed debate or. second reading. Mr. CAKB said thai the present Ministry might It very properly termed the reflective and repro ductive Ministry, seeing that they constantly reflected the policy of the iate Government: nothing seemed too small or too large for this process. The other day it was that unfortunate Oyster Bill—(laughter)—to- day it was the educa tion of the people, lie could almost think that there was some degree of practical wisdom in this after all. The}- appeared to imitate the practice of Eastern monarchs, who often married all the wives of their deceased predecessors—(loud laughter)— m order to confirm a doubtful title to and establish a precarious seat upon the throne. Perhaps, how ever, there was another reason (or this continual adoption of measures prepared by Mr. Attorney General Stevenson." It might be that the present Ministry was composed of such discordant and heterogeneous materials that they despaired of anv agreement on a policy of their own. and so adopted tbat of those who went before them. The mere names of the present occupants of the Treaeury benches used to symbolize ami even now sucgesr antagonism—"Your "if is a great peacemaker"—but the desire for office was surely a greater. What else could have brought about this felicitous union of politicians so long aud so bitterly opposed to each other 1 But they were uow united, and were as pleasant a sight to see as those little menageries, where dog. cat. rat, and rabbit dwelt together and were termed a "happy family." (Laughter.) They were, so united, and had agreed after mature consideration to bring in an Education Bill, pre pared not by themselves, nor yet to their order, but prepared by Mr. Attorney-General Steven son. But these great dealers, wholesale and retail, in political secondhand . soft goods, were not very . particular either as to colour, quality, or value—(laughter)— provided the article were cheap and likely.to meet the market. And they must all acknowledge that some improvement was wanted in our system of education. (Hear, hear.) But whilst he agreed that there was a necessity for some change, he did net agree with the charges that had been so freely made against the Board of Edusation; for in his opinion that Board had not failed to perform its duties. There had been no want of real and dili genoe in the members of the Board, and the In spectors employed by them had done aD amount of work which their successors under the new Bill (man for man) might eQual but not exceed. The fact was the system had been starved for the want of funds and crippled for want of compulsory powers;. and then the Board was blamed because of the con sequent limited amount of success. He was in favour of Hie transfer of the power of the Board to the hands of a responsible Minister. But he thought the Board had not had fair play, and bad been unjustly censured and sneered at. not so much inside as outside the House. Give the Board •£90,000 per annum froin the Public Revenue, with grants. of Crown lands and compulsory powers such as were given in this Bill to its successors, before they blamed it, otherwise any comparison would be unfair; or take it the other way, give a Minister the present pittance of £30.000per annum, with the same limited powers, and he would do no more than the Board had done. The present system had done good service. He granted it was a makeshift; but it was one of the right sort—it had not fostered the multiplication of sectarian schools, and in this respect the legislation of the past and the legislation of the future were in accord to a very great extent, more so than in any other Australian colony. Whilst the other colonies had had to revolutionise their system of education, we had only, to expand and strengthen ours. He granted that the power to make education compulsory was needed; but he did not see that necessary connection between compulsory and free or gratuitous education which so many took for granted. He thought the > supposed necessary connection was one of those - fallacies which wily needed to be questioned in order to see their absurdity. The State compelled a man to pay taxes, and never excused htai unless sufficient cause was shown. It compelled him so maintain his children and wife, and father ana mother, and only helped *»im when his means failed or the burden became oppressive; and surely it might very properly compel him to perform his duly, according to nis ability, in the education of his children. In England a small tee of Id. or 2d. per week was, and be believed still •was, taken in the national schools from all parents ' except those who were too poor to pay anything . and for all that education was compulsory. He thought the entire abandonment of this source of revenue was a mistake. Those who could pay the fee did not complain, mid if a man was not to help to educate his own children, what was he to help to dot ParentB did not generally object to do this now, and children were kept away from school, not to avoid payment of the fee, but because they were wanted to work at home, and sometimes because both parents and children were careless If it were not for these causes they might and would be sent to school in the country districts for he knew that it was a very general thing for those much abused and underpaid men, the masters of theschools, tosay, "Send the children and pay us if you can, and if not, never mind the pay ment, but send the children to school." (Hear, hear ) The proposed exclusion of that source of income as in this Bill was a mistake. He would retain a fee of 2d. or 3d. perweek, remitting the payment where necessary. Without a provision like this he was not sure public schools would be of much use to the sober and industrious poor in cities and towns where there were many city arabs or larrikins, for they ail knew the proverb, as true as it was old, about the corrupting influence of evil communica tiora, and some separation must, he thought, be made, and if all schools were free, how woula or how could they separate them ? But if they had schools with a fee of 3d. per week, and free schools for those who could not pay, they would separate themselves. If no difference was made, the orderly -and well-deserving poor would, he feared, be taxed for the support of public schools to which they dared not 6end their own children, and would also have to pay high fees for education in private schools. He thought the House would do well to consider thi6 question. Unfortunately for fair discussion the debase on the second reading of an important Bill was seldom taken so much upon the provisions of the Bill itself as upon some amend ments which the Ministry promised to make in it; for when a sufficient number of members seemed to want a change in itB principles they imitated the well-known American candidate for Parliamentary honours—"These are our principles, but if they do not suit they can be changed." (A laugh.) They did this on the Northern Territory Supreme Court Bill, when, as the Register put it rather neatly, the Attorney-General performed the "ingenious acro batic feat of turning his back on himself." They did the same now with reference to Boards of Advice. (The Chief Secretary—"No.") They bad expressed their willingness to make some change in the direction of local government, and that was the difficulty he complained of. In the Victorian Act local management was pro vided for, but in this Bill it was entirely excluded. He would like to know what course the Govern ment intended to adopt, or whether they intended to adopt a third course, and constitute the District Councils to some extent local Boards of Manage ment. He thought that this might be adopted with some advantage. The fact that District Coun cillors were sometimes illiterate men was, he thought, not a fatal objection to this. (Hear, hear.) It would be if they wanted to make schoolmasters of them, but to sit on a Board of Advice fcr the management of a school and to teach were very different things—the one required technical knowledge, the other demanded good common sense; even in far greater things than this they recognised the same difference. He knew, or he had known, no matter which, a Minister of the Crown, of whom he would say nothing worse than that a very indifferent subject might sometimes furnish a good illustration for an argument. He would rasp out sentence after sentence in true Sairey Gamp fashion, apparently unconscious of the fact that they had not the slightest pretension to grammatical correctness of construction—(a laugh)—but he was made a Minister of the Crown without remonstrance, and almost without remark, because the House reccgnised the fact that a man might be fit for a higher place who was not equal to the perform ance of the professional duties of a lower position might properly superintend and insist upon the due performance of professional work which he could not himself discharge. Surely after this they ought not to flout District Councillors as unfit to sit on a Board of Advice for educational purposes. He granted that they were not the best men they could get; but if District Councils were so utilized he thought the ratepayers would elect superior men, in order that the higher duties might be well per formed. The supporters of the Bill might try to get away from this truth; the Bible was excluded by this Bill from the school. It did not exclude it from the schoolroom, when there was no school inside; but a meeting of some of the scholars was not the school, for there was no school except the one conducted duriDg the four hours specified by the Bill. He would be glad to see the present arrangement, which he thought on the whole had worked well, combined with a conscience clause, allowing any children whose parents objected to their being present to be absent when the Bible was read, so that the Protestant or Douay version might be read daily in the schools. The principal reason the Treasurer gave why they should exclude the Bible was the expected presence of some thou sands of Chinese in the N orthem Territory. First be said they ought not to make these Chinese send their children to secular schools. Now he thought that was the first thing they ought to do if they had any children—(laughter)—but unfortunately they left their wives in the Flowery Land. And after a little while he went on to say, " Beturning to the suggestion he had already made, it was possible that within a short period thousands of Chinese and other Pagans might be our fellow-colonists, as ■of course the Northern Territory, to which a large population of that kind might at any moment ! come, was a part of South Australia. It was there- i fore better at once to say that we would have nothing to dowiththereligiouselement"—by which be meant Bible teaching or Bible reading in State . schools. So the expected presence in the Northern 'Territory of these wifeless and childless Chinese Pagans was in the Treasurer's opinion a reason why the Christian children of this land should not read the Bible in school. This he supposed, to use his own expression, was one of his " irresistible and logical conclusions." And the Treasurer's finance was no better than his logic, as was shown by the veryjauntyandotfhandwayinwhichhesaid, " If the Parliament passed the Bill, he promised to find the money." This promise reminded one of the speech of the friend wno asked you to accept his bill for three or six months—" There is neither risk nor cost; of course he will find the money." But it often so happened that the free and easy financier did not find the money, and his unfor tunate victims had to pay it themselves. But the Treasurer knew very well that he could not find JttO.OOO per annum in the South Australian revec ue after meeting present requirements without fre6h taxation, aDd the House had a right to know what he intended to propose. Such a thing was never thought of in any other Legislative Assembly as to authorize a large expenditure without knowisg where the money was to come from. In the House of Commons the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being took the House into his fullest confidence, and told what he intended to do, not merely for one year, but for many years to come; and whenever they reversed this consti tutional and proper mode of procedure they weie sure to go wrong. To instance a much smaller matter in which they had been misled in this way he would say if the whole cost of the Murray Bridge had been known before the order was given he fancied the money would have been saved— (Hear, hear)—at all events a great deal of time. They imported Moncrietf guns at great expense, and then refused to mount and work them because of the cost. Let them not do the same thing on a large scale in this Education Bill. It was quite feasible the country might refuse to find the money; at all events, the Treasurer knew from what source he hoped to get his revenue—if he did not he ought to—and the House had a right to know how he expected to get the revenue which was necessary for the working of this Bill—(cheers) —and therefore he would move an amendment, which if carried would prevent the Bill passing its second reading unless the House received the infor mation it had a right to expect. He moved to strikeout all the words after "That," and insert " it is inexpedient to proceed with the further con sideration of this Bill until the Government have informed the House in what way they will provide j the funds required for carrying out the provisions of the Act." Mr. BUNDKY differed entirely from the remarks made by the last speaker respecting the conduct of the Government in introducing a Bill which the hon. member said was prepared by the Attorney General of the previous Government If hon. members would look at that Bill without for a moment detracting from the efforts made by the late Attorney-General, they would see that it was almost a transcript of the Victorian Act, and therefore the labour bestowed on it was not very great—merely cutting out portions and suiting it to the purposes of South Australia. He congratulated the Government on having intro duced this measure, and he also congratulated the Treasurer on the way he introduced it. His speech appeared to him to be worthy of the sub ject, but although agreeing with many of its pro visions he should be reluctantly compelled to oppose the second reading unless he could induce the Government to introduce a modification to which he should hereafter allude. The Treasurer well said that when thewhole governing power was placed (as it was under our Constitution) in the hands of the masses we should give them the necessary intelligence to exercise their franchise properly, and not to be led away by unscrupulous political adventurers. A man who could read for himself had sume opportunity of learning through the Press and other sources, and ascertaining both : sides of the question; whereas the totally ignorant and uncultivatea were apt to blindly follow the 1 lead of men more accomplished, but often much ; less honest. No thinking man of the present age but must feel great pleasure in seeing the result of education upon the masses in the old country. Education had given to them a knowledge of their power and influence, as witness the successful but temperate efforts now being made in the countries of Europe to attain for labour its just equivalent. In reading such works as J. S. Mill's the artisan and labourer found to his astonishment that oat of 29,006,000 of inhabitants in the United Kingdom there were no less than 22,000,000 of the wages receiving class. What was the logical result of such a discovery? Why, that by combination, temperance, firmness, and justness in demands, the wages-receiving class were masters of the position, and the great injustice under which so many had suffered must be removed. The Trea surer also referred to education as a forcible means of preventing crime, but admitted that this was sii'J a moot point. He heartily concurred with liim in opinion that education must necessarily prevent many crimes, as it increased men's self respect, and materially added to the dignity of manhood. As bearing on this point he would read an extract from the report of the Commissioner of Education of the United States for 1871, page 33 *' At least 80 per cent, of the crime of New England is committed by those who have no education, or none sufficient to serve them a valuable purpose in life. In IStiS 28 per cent, of all the prisoners in the country were unable to read or write. From 3 to 7 per cent, of the population of the United ■ States commit 30 per cent, of all our crime, and less than one-filth of 1 per cent, is committed by those who are educated." J' PW 548 and 549 he spoke as follows:— Careful and extensive enquiry of wardens, jailors, superintendents of houses of industry, -of cor rection, and of reformation, and of teachers and other officers of the same have fully convinced the writer that 80 per cent, of the criminal population of Ke» England have never mastered the funda mental rules of written arithmetic, nor entered on the study of geography or grammar. The great majority of our juvenile delinquents begin in reform schools, lower than this, and the same is true of the pupils in the evening schools of our adult prisons. Having reached such conclusions concerning New England, it is found that 28 per cent, of all the State prisoners of the country in 1868 were unable to read or write: that 32 per cent of the adult prisoners of New York State were equally untaught; that 27 per cent, of those in ber reformatories could not read, and that of 2,120 prisoners in Ohio 14 per cent, did not know their letters, and 67 per cent, more could not read and write—a total of 81 per cent, practically altogether without education. If now the fact that the utterly-unlettered 6 per cent, of the population of Massachusetts commit 31 per cent, of all her crime be set over against the fact that of all her 14,315 criminals but 23 had enjoyed educational opportunities beyond the common school, have we not a striking illustration of the fact that ignorance is the mother of crime, and that thorough education is a very perfect safe guard against it ? And this fact for Massachusetts is only a specimen of what is true of every New England State. From 3 to 7 per cent, of our popula tion, the wholly uneducated in New England and the United States, commit at least 30 per cent, of all our crime, and less than one-fifth of 1 per cent, is committed by those who are educated beyond the common school. The entirely uneducated man is nine times as likely to be a criminal as the average of the men who have been taught, and more than one hundred times as likely to become a criminal as he who has been thoroughly educated." That carried out his hon. friend the Treasurer's remarks upon the likelihood of education preventing crime. Those extracts spoke for themselves, and he thought they appeared to bear him out in what he had said. The next point alluded to was that of compulsory education. In this respect he should at the proper time endeavour to have the ages so reduced in the Bill as to be instead of from seven to 15 of from seven to 12, or at furthest from seven to 14. The aces were now, he thought, from seven to 15 in the Bill. At first sight, this compulsory education looked like an undue interference with the liberty of the subject; but looking at the fact that the State stood as it were in loco parentis to the children the Bill was intended to benefit, and that these same children might, if allowed to grow up in ignorance, perhaps in vise, become a dangerous element in a country when they had so much power, he felt that we were not only justified, but bound to exercise this beneficial control; for he believed.as the Treasurer had put it, that there was no more undue interference with the liberty of the subject in taking a child and.send ing it to school than there was in caus'ng the child to be vaccinated. If not done by the Government he should move to insert provisions for drill, and, where practicable, gymnastics, as in the Victorian Act. He would not inflict upon the House an address on manly sports—(laughter)—but did most ear nestly hope that the Government would do their best to enable the children to cultivate a taste for those sports that had made our forefathers manly and self-reliant. He would urge that upon the Government on another ground. He believed that as soon as the Act came into practical operation there would be a great many parents who were at present bringing up their children somewhat in the manner of their horses, namely, giving them food and lodging, and taking aB much labour as possible out of them, and teaching them no more than the aborigines learnt, who would be bitterly opposed to the Act. Their observations on tne schools would be sure to have a pernicious influence on the minds cf their offspring, and they would look upon their tuition with distaste and dread; but if they found that it was a place with attractions as well as duties it would go a great way to counteract Buch evil influences,and the parents, seeing the children becoming atttached to the school, would quietly drop their opposition and acquiesce in what would be inevitable. The exercises of drill and gymnastics should be encouraged. Every child should learn how to move with a body of drilled men, and how to handle a rifle, as a man going home would find himself behind the age now who could not do that. The next question to be touched upon was that of elementary education, and he found that the Government in the Bill had omitted any reference to grammar and geography, though both were in the Victorian Act. Now, he considered that un questionably these, especially the latter, would be an essential necessity. He was glad to hear it said that this matter would he looked to. He would also like to know if under clause 13, subdivision 1, a child would be con sidered under efficient instruction who was at a school where no English was taught. On this point he had received a letter from a respected German constituent. (Mr. Townsend—"Name.") He did not consider he was bound to give the name, The gentleman in his letter said;—"The clause * That a child is under efficient instruction in some other manner' would do very well if all subjects of Her Majesty in this colony were of English descent; but this, as you are aware, is not the case. The supposed number of residents in this colony born in Germany is about 10,000; a great number of them have numerous families, so that there are at least from 15,000 to 20,000 children in the colony of German descent." (An hon. member—" No.") He was only reading a letter, and be would not vouch for the accuracy of the statements made iu it. The gentleman spoke as if he knew the sub ject, and if he was wrong in his numbers it did not affect the argument. "The tendency of a.very large number of Germans to have their children j educated only in German branches is so great that there are numerous and in some instances very large schools where no English is taught at all. I cannot say that the children are not efficiently taught, but they learn no English, and that's just what ought to be altered. Even in this neighbour hood I find there are about 30 children that receive no English instruction, and believe if such a thing is allowed to be carried on iu iuture our Government would act very unwisely." He was not speaking of Germans alone in a British community, but other nationalities as well, and he was sure every intelligent German in the colony would like to have his children taught English, fie had in his experience Been great injustice done in consequence of persons who had been a long time in the colony not being able to understand some portions of the language. He would read from the work he had before alluded to an extract, which bore strougly on this matter. He quoted from page 510, as follows:—"The educational systems of Germany have a double influence upon the United States. One is their example; but the one of still greater magnitude lies in the fact that every year, probably for the next thirty years at least, one hundred and fifty thousand Germans will emigrate to our shores, and Anally share with us the governing power. It is safe to estimate that for the next fifty years three hundred thousand Europeans will seek our shores each year. This vast injection of foreign thought, with the diverse languages, customs, and habits of the strangers, seems to demand, as a matter of self-preservation, that the Govern ment should establish for these emigrants a system of compulsory education in the English language. At present those who have either been used to compulsory education, as ou the Continent; or to no education at all, as in Ireland, are apt either to neglect to send their children to school regularly, or to send them to parochial schools, where the English language is subordinated to other studies. The law ought to provide that ail children that do not attend public schools shall make the annual examination with the scholars of the common schools in reading, spelling, and subsequently grammar and composition in the English language, and that if any pupil or pupils of private or parochial schools shall not be able to pass an equal or satisfactory examination, they shall continue in school until they can. This system will be of incalculable benefit to those German children who are sent to parochial schools, where greater attention is paid to the catechism than to English. There are thousands of German youths to-day compelled to fill subordinate and menial stations because their English education was neglected in these schools. The inability to read English with fluency induces also foreign and hostile habits of thought detri mental alike to themselves and to the American Bepublic. The time has come when this vast movement should no longer be regarded with indiflerence, but guided by sound statesmanship." Those were words of wisdom, and he considered it would be necessary at the proper time to insert an amendment so as to make the necessary educa tion an English one. He had not quite made up his mind with respect to the propriety of granting lands as provided in the 20tn clause, as hon. members knew his convictions on this question. But it might perhaps interest the House to know to what extent the United States had gone in this respect. The total grant made by them was 70,783,361 acres, as followsCommon schools, 67,983,922; Universities, 1,119,440; Agricultural and Mechanical Cblleges, 1.680,000. With respect to the cost, be did not at all feel the alarm or anxiety expressed by his hon. colleague. (Hear, hear.) Even though it should amount to one eighth of our revenue, be would say, let them have that one-eighth, for it was not a large proportion for any country to pay for the education of its young. He had made an extract of the amounts Said by some of the States of America, and e touched upon America, as he thought her case most nearly resembled our own. The tax in Iowa was £578,493, with a population of 1,191,802; in Massachusetts, it was £1,154,765, the population being 1,457,352; in New Jersey, it was £464,030, with population 906,132; and in Rhode Island, £104,166, with 217.000 of a popula tion. He had said in his opening remarks that he should be compelled to oppose the second reading nnip.nK he could get a provision inserted that did not appear in the BilL He had stated to his con stituents that he should support having the Bible read in schools, as otherwise it seemed to him the teacher would have no hold on the consciences of the children; but that he should allow no children to be present whose parents objected. He fully concurred with the Treasurer 'when he said that this Bill did not prohibit the Bible being read before or after school hours. Nevertheless, it to all intents and purposes left the question of whether it should be read at all in the hands of the teacher, and not in those of the parents. Besides, the teacherwould fulfil his duty by simply giving the secular instruction, as provided by clause 11; and as the Bill now stood, a teacher would be bound to say that he would not place himself in a false position by reading the Bible in school. A provision should be inserted that on receiving a requisition by a given number of parents of the children attending a school, it should be part of the duty of the master to attend, say half an hour before the time appointed for secular instruction, and read portions of Scripture without comment to such children only whose parents wished it. That was done in the Coiiegiate School here, whqre children whose parents desired it were sent half an hour earlier for paryers. If the B3U contained the provunoti he had pointed oat it would hare his nearly support; but under present circumstances as it stood it would be prohibitiTe of Bible-reading altogether. He would go for the second reading, and disagreed utterly with much that had been said and written on this vexed question: but the reason that induced him to pledge himself to the couree already alluded to, and that atill weighed much in his mind, was that without some religious feeling implanted in a child's mind, what hold had the teacher on his conscience. Take a case— ^ere «?» boys at school, and one l stole something from the other, and to add to that tola a falsehood, and not one, but a dozen. The j purely secular teacher said to him, " You have com mitted a great sin; you have broken God's com* X Teli 88 jniu«d your neighbours." wimt could the boy understand by that? It would be unmteUigible jargon to him. What would his euqui'ies be but " What is sin? who is God?" for he had never been taught these things, and there obtaining a moral influence without this Knowledge. People talked about religious instruc tion being given by religious teachers; but then l!£i;niSn£-Xho '"ere brought to these schools would be children who had had no such advantages. It was no matter of sentiment at alL He believed in the conscientiousness of those who supported the secular system, and he asked on his part that he would be credited with equal conscientiousness. He felt we were engaged in one of the noblest works undertaken. There was nothing which could be of more importance than rendering the rising generation capable and worthy of taking upon themselves the duties of citizenship in this great country, maintaining its free institutions, and guarding its privileges and reputation. They would, indeed, be culpable to longer delay doing their duty in this respect, and should the Bill be earned without the provision mentioned—and he understood it would be carried by a large majority —having discharged his duty in voting against it, the Government would receive no further oppo sition from him, but such assistance as he could give to make it as perfect as possible in Committee. (Applause.) Mr. LAKE did not know whether or not he should say tnat he would support the BilL If it could be shown that the provisions of the Bill could be carried out he might support it, as he was in favour of some of its leading principles. But he was afraid that the provisions in the Bill would Dpt be capable of being carried out more than those of the present Act. There were several very good clauses in the last Education Act, and amongst them one which was to be found in the Bill for the foundation of normal schools. There was much good ihat could have been done if the Government had shown some means by which funds could have been raised for the purpose, and he considered that the Government should have shown that there was more likelihood of the pro visions of the measure being carried out than those of the present Act, and should not ask the House to pass the Biil first and then be shown where the money was to be raised. It was the duty of the Treasurer, partly at least, to indicate how he intended to raise the money. If that was not done the House would have no guarantee how the means of carrying out the Act could be arrived at atalL (Hear, hear.) He could not see by the Bill how we were to get more schools than we had at the present time while the present Act gave every power of acqul nng them all over the country within the settled districts. This Bill gave power, he saw, to pur chase schools in thesettleddistricts; but he denied that there was any power given to acquire schoolB outside them. The only clause alluding to it, which was the compulsory clause, provided that there should be schools in certain cases; but it left all the power of saying where they should be in the hands of the Governor, bo that the country depended upon what '"P. Governor in his wisdom or prejudice might decide. That was quite a false position in which to be placed. The Government in the skeleton Bill, as it had been truly characterized by the Chief Secretary, was in effect throwing the responsibilities of the Minister of Education on the shoulders of the Governor. So that no one would know what was being done till it was accomplished, and than the House have no right to question whether he had done right or wrong. It was so with reference to the compulsory clause, as the Governor in Council was to have the right to say where it should come into operation. He did not wish to give a factious opposition to the BilL (Hear, hear.) He intended as far as he could to support it; but he desired that it should be shown that the measure would do more from an educational point of view than at present seemed to be shown. There was no guarantee what number of scholars or what pro portion of the population would be educated under this BilL On this point he thought the House had a right to an explanation from the Treasurer. The Treasurer shook his head, and he had no doubt they on that side of the House would also be allowed to shake theirs. He did it because he thought they had no right to the information, and they because they thought that they ought to insist. A good deal would be said about the effect of secular education as it had been adopted in otherparts of the world and as to its working well; but he denied that the Chief Secretary or any oue else would say what could be the result of the education that was now being given in the State schools throughout Britain ana victoria. There was no reason why education in secular schools should not be earned out well; but the result would not be tested before the next generation. He liked secular education because it gave liberty to persons to learn what they liked; but he thought the same liberty should be given to the Protestants or any other class to read the Bible because they liked it. He would be one of those who would vote against a clause which compelled anyone to read the Bible; but they had no more right to say that the Bible should not be read than they had to say that it should be read. He did not believe in denomina tional teaching at all; and if they did not provide for Bible-reading in the schools, he thought it would foster outside denominational teaching. If the Bible could not be read in schools, the children would be thrown outside on the mercy of those denominations to whom their parents belonged. He said therefore that if they considered it worth while to study the Bible it should be read in schools for the sake of check ing denominational teaching. If it were desirable to do a thing at all it were desirable to do it well— (Hear, hear)—and if everybody were to be taxed for the purposes of education the Government should see that everybody did his duty with regard to his children. He was in favour of compulsory educa tion, and as every other was also it would be unwise to take up time upon that point. As to elementary teaching, he considered that it was only necessary to teach the elements, as if a man had genius he could, if taught the three R's, edu cate himself up to any standard. But he took a higher view—and he trusted a moral and national view — of Bible- reading in schools. England would not be the nation she was but for her Bible reading and professed principles. A good deal had been said about the dissensions in reference to Bible-reading in England; but the question had not been whether the Bible should be read, but whether denominational teaching should be imparted. But here that question did not arise, as the Church was not connected with the State. If the Bible did harm to any member of the community he would exclude it; but would the .Roman Catholics say it had done harm, would the Dissenting Churches say it had done harm, would the Established Church ^y the Bible had done harm? (Mr. Duncan— 'Which is the Established Church?" and cheers) Would any Church, would any re ligious people, would the Jews say the Bible had done any wrong? If not, what right had they to exclude it at alL Why not extend to it the same privilege that they extended to any other book? He was certain that there would not be the same objection to_ the Bible being read in schools as was now shown if the facts were quietly considered and people voted according to their consciences. He felt that the political position of England must be materially altered during the next 80 or 30 years now that they had abandoned Bible-reading in schools. The Roman Catholics, whohadbeenamost persecuted people, were partly a political people, and they were now armed with a political power that must make its way, especially now that the Protestants did not have the Bible read in their schools. He felt that Bible-reading was a matter of honour, and if we as a British people abandoned the Bible the honour which was due to us as a people would have lost its foundation, and the superstructure would fall at once. He felt that human nature was not to be depended upon, and unless a man got his principles from the Bible he was generally to be bought at a price, and would not be able to stand m the day of great temptation. He was sony that he could not support the whole of the provisions of the BilL If he moved any amendment it would be with the view of doing the greatest good to the greatest number. (Cheers.) Mr. SMITH would support the second reading— not because he thought the Bill a perfect measure, but he believed that in Committee it could be shaped in such a way as to make it thoroughly workable; and he believed that with the amend mente which were necessary it would be appre ciated bynine-tenths of the population of thecofony. when he entered tire House ne came in unpledged to support compulsory education. His colleague gave that pledge, but he would not do so, as he saw very many difficulties in the way. This Bill to a considerable extent removed the difficulty, because it provided that the children need not come, except from within a radius of two miles. If education were to be compulsory, it must also be free; and he thought it would be unfair for the Government to go to the expense of educating the children without compelling them to go to school. He agreed with those who thought it waB the duty of parents to educate their children; but there were unnatural parents who forgot to educate their children, and he thought it was the duty of the State to step in and educate them. It had been well said that ignorance was the mother of crime; and the fact that there were such, a large number of children in the colony who were imperfectly educated proved that it was high time to remove the evil. He was grieved to hear the remarks of some hon. members, who said they would oppose the Bill on religious grounds. The cry, "The Bible is in danger," reminded him of the time when the cry was, " The Church is in danger." Well might those who came here say that this was a land of churches and chapels, and it was because the voluntary system had been adopted, and bad worked well The statistics of Victoria showed that those Churches in that colony which received no aid from the Government fund were payiDg their ministers better, and building better chapels and churches tbar. those which ac cepted aid—(Hear, hear)—and the children of those who attended these places of worship were better educated and more intelligent than those who at tended churches which received support from the Government. He had no fear of the Bible being in danger. (Hear, hear.) It was a mere shadow not worth fighting for. When they saw the evils that existed, and saw this bugbear standing in the way of the accomplishment of the great boon of a free ^y stem of education, he thought it was a pity that the cry should have been raised. He could not go with the principle contained in the proviso to the 11th clause. He quite agreed with those who thought that the proviso wouH tBowde&oiniiu; tonal religion to be taught, beause it rested iu a reat measure with the teacher whether Bible lading should be carried on »r not He would suggest that before the secular duties commenced half an hour should be devote! to Bible-reading without note or comment. Id read the Scrip tures after school hours would be, he thought futile, unless the disposition and nature of boys had altered materially since he was a boy, for the boys were always anxious to get to their play iximediately school hours were over. He thought the maximum age at which children could be compelled to go to school—15 years—fixed in the 13th clause was too high. (Hear, hear.) What would the Govern ment do with boys under that age who were apprenticed! Must their indentures be cancelled! He thought the provision m the 20th clause for putting aside waste lands of the Crown was a very good one. (Hear, hear.) Whatever objection might be raited to the expense of the educational system, he thought that in the course of years the income derivable from these lands would go a great way to meet educational expenses. (Hear, near.) He most say, in passing, that the present Education Act deserved better at their hands than some members thought. When they considered the amount at its disposal it had succeeded wonderfully, and be thought that a higher average of intelligence existed among the children than in the sister colonies. He believed, however, a new one was required, and he was glad that the Government were grimpling with this difficult question, and he would be glai to assist them all he could in making the Bill workable. We bad led the van in many movements—Real Pro perty reform, religious liberty, and other questions —and although we were a little behind with regard to education, he believed we would yet lead the van in the movement. Although we could not come up to the sister colony in wealth, we could pride ourselves upon that great characteristic of true national greatness—the intelligent freedom of the people, Mr. SOLOMON had been induced to second the amendment of Mr. Carr, not because he disliked the measure before the House, but because he deemed it imperatively necessary to have some information about the ways and means for carrying out the BilL (The Treasurer—"•Premature.") He did not think that a request made by the House should be called premature. The question had been raised, what proportion of the children in this colony were uneducated, and whether £90,000, or anything like that sum, would be necessary to give an education to those not now educated. It was 6aid that there were only one-fifth of the j children of the colony educated up to the j standard of this Bill, and it was proposed to give them 120 days' education during the year. He listened with great pleasure to the statistics given by Mr. Krichauffi and he showed conclusively that if the persons who paid for the education of their children still paid, and did not take advantage of the Bill, the children who were educated at Government expense would cost some £7 per head. (Hear, hear.) Should they not, to use Dr. Frank lin's phraseology, be paying too dear for their wbistle if they adopted a system that would give such an average! The notion was preposterous. The Bill intended to provide schoolB in all parts of the colony, and whether attended largely or not they would be a great charge on the revenue. Mr. Lake wished to know, in reference to the exclusion of the Bible from schools, what the'Catholics, Jews, and members of other creeds would say. In this respect he quite agreed with the principles propounded in the Bill before them—that educa cation should be free, compulsory, and non sectarian. If Bible-reading were enforced the Catholics would say they were unfairly taxed to teach a portion of the community that Bible which they did not believe in. (Mr. Lake— , "Hear, hear.") He thought they could get rid of I the difficulty in a way indicated by Mr. Smith—by j striking out a few words in the 42nd line, and thus i Eroviding that the children might attend at a certain our in the morning before the ordinary education i commenced to listen to Bible-reading; parents ] then would not send their children unless they ! approved of it. He thought it would Meet the dif ficulty if they provided that every master and mistress should read from a Board on the walls the Ten Commandments. Neither Catholics, Greeks, Jews, nor any one else would object to that. These Commandments were the fundamental portion of Divine truth; they could not be improved upon, and the consciences of no portion of the community could object to them. They must instil into the minds of the young a sense of right and wrong, a sense of the duty they owed to God and their fellow - men, and while every section of the community would contribute towards the Bill in the event of its passing there was no section who could possibly find fault with the provision he suggested. Before he was returned to the House this last time he propounded this view for the first time to one of the largest meetings held in Adelaide, in which two-thirds of the people were Catholics, and it was cheered from one end of the room to the other The Treasurer said they would object; but he i could say, from having 6poken to a number of well-educated Catholics, that they would not. He 1 thought the Chief Secretary would find that the | majority of the House wished that in his reply he should state where the Government intended to | get the funds from to carry the Bill out. (Mr. , Conner—"No.") He for one was anxious he should i do so. A great cry had been made, and letters had been received no doubt by other hotu ■ members calling upon them to avoid the , curse which would visit the colony if the Bible ! were excluded from the schools. If the Bible was to be made a class-book he was prepared to take the consequences of its not being read, because he believed it would offend a large portion of the com munity. What he proposed could not offend any , one, and he did not think any curse would visit the country if it were carried out. He feared that 1 some very good men would be led away by their zeal for the Bible to adopt a course which would be injurious to some portion of their fellow colonists. The Catholics had a Bible of their own which there could be no reason why they should not be allowed to read, and be held that no majority, or minority even, should tiy to thrust down the throats of others what they did not believe. (Hear, hear.) He thoroughly agreed in the principles of the Bill, and should vote for the second reading provided the Chief Secretary gave seme indication as to the way in which he proposed to cover the expense of bringing the system into effect Mr. CONNER had studied the Bill very closely, but should not trouble the House with arguments which had been often reiterated as to reading the Bible in schools. To the amendment which had been proposed he demurred altogether, as it would be tacking on to the Bill a financial debate. (The Chief Secretary—"Hear, hear.") If they were to have a debate as to the form of taxation which would be n*cessary to carry out the Bill it would lead to no profitable result, and probably have the effect of shelving the Bill altogether. He did not suppose any member had seen more of discord which had been caused through the introduction of the religious element into State education than he had in Ireland. What caused State education in Ireland to be at such a low ebb for 60 long a time but the determination on the part of the Established Church to have the Bible read in schools, and the resolution of the Roman Catholics to agree to no system under which the Bible was crammed down the throats of their children ? The present system of Ireland, be thought, was more suited to this country than that which was now proposed. He did not think free education was the best thing for the country. The national system of Ireland was not free. It was free for those who could not afford to pay for their children's education, but not for those who conld. (Cheers.) The only religious feature to be seen in the schools was a copy of the Ten Commandments; but any clergyman could go on certain days in the week and at certain hours to the schoolroom, and as long as he did not interefere with their secular educator he could give religious instruction to the children of his own persuasion, the others being allowed in the meantime to amuse themselves. He trusted the anticipation of the hon. member for the city would be entirely ignored, and that the House swould not go into a financial debate. Let them establish the principles of the Bill, and if they arrived at the conclusion that the people should be educated, next May the Treasurer would know j the responsibility which rested on him. and the House would have to provide funds for carrying ont the decree of the House for the good of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PICKEBING did not agree that education should be altogether compulsory. He concurred with Mr. Conner that the children of parents who could not afford to pay for them should be educated free, but not the children of those who could. If they did there would be spongers on the Govern ment, and it would be unjust to rate one man with a large family of his own to educate to help another into the bargain—(Hear, hear)—whp had the means. It seemed that the majority of the religious bodies had agreed that if they wfere to have a workable Bill the Bible must be excluded from schools; but he did not like to put a barrier against the Bible even for four hours—(Mi. Carr— "Hear, hear") — and though he did not say he should be pleased to see the Bill, thrown out simply for that, still if there was a division he must go against it. Some allusion had been made to the Book of Kings. Her Majesty had been reputed as holding up to the world a free Bible, and never said anything more true than when she held up the Bible as the source of England's greatness. Some of the greatest and noblest things ever mortal read of were contained in the Book of Kings, and any one who thought lightly of that would probably think lightly of other parts of the Bible. The old Act had been greatly abused, but he thought it had been a ; valuable friend to South Australia, and that if j more money were voted as much good would be effected by it as if this Bill passed. Would they get value for their money! He did not think so. What would be done with free schools and free school buildings! There was a gentleman in his neighbourhood who1 had established a free school, Mr. Angas, and he j wished that there were a great number of Mr. i An gases in the colony—(Hear, hear)—and the worthy schoolmaster who perhaps had done as j much good as any schoolmaster in the colony ! would never have done it had be ignored reading the Bible, with simple comments, no de&omina-1; tionalism. (Hear, hear.) It was true of tlie Judge on his throne to the poor miner who lately spoke at Wallaroo, that if a man wanted to cleanse his way, he must, as stated in the 119th Psalm, take heed to that work, and if he did not all the secular learning in the world would not benefit him. He thought the Government might be able to keep the Book from prohibition by leaving it to the teachers themselves; but if they could not do that the next best thing would be nut to allow any sectarianism to come in. (Hear, hear.) Let them have reading of the Bible, and not debar a good man from making comments upon it. If a boy told lies at school, or did any other sinful action, and they shut up the Bible, they closed the teacher's mouth from condemning the bad act. He must say he thought the Government had done the best thing under the circumstances, seeing that the representatives of most of the religious bodies had agreed to the exclusion of the Bible from schools. He should not be sorry if the Bill did not pass, for he did not think they should get value for their money. (Cheers.) Mr. MY LIS understood that the Bill was brought forward for the purpose of affording edu cation to the children of parents who could not afford to pay for it, and consequently it was to be free. He took it that it must be free to be com pulsory. (Ho.) He did not understand that the Bill excluded the Bible from schools, but that re ligious education should be imparted before and after school hours. If the Bible were to be read as a class-book, and not expounded, bnt the children left to found their own opinions upon it, it would never do: and therefore he considered the Bill met the views he held. There was a matter to which he would like to call the attention of theOovernment. Any child, according to the Bill living within two miles of a schoolhouse had to attend it Now, in Noarlunga one portion of the district would be within that distance of a Government school which at present existed, but the north, south, and western parts would be entirely excluded. Would the Government in such a case shift the school and make it central or retain it where it was? If be read the Bill aright, chil dren having a certain standard of education need not attend those free schools, and that, if they attended a denominational school, they could still do so if they liked. (The Commissioner of Public Works — "Hear, hear.") Although the Bill would require in Committee to be considerably altered, it was well worth a second reading, and did credit to the Government who brought it in. (Bear, hear.) But he should like to know where the funds were coming from. ("Hear, hear," from Messrs. Ward and Carr.) He would be wiling to support the Government in any reasonable tax ior education if it was kept entirely apart from the question of roads. They would surely be able to get from one end of the colony to the other; but it was a question whether they could get through life without education. They might leave land, money, and everything of that sort to a child, and they might all go from him; but give him education, and unless he became an idiot or a drunkard, or worse, that would never be lost to him. (Cheers.) He then had, always something to fall back upon, and if tner he lost his position through vice or other means had a chance once again to start and make his way in the world. He should be happy to do all he could to support the Government in passing a Bill; but he was not the man to say the Bible ehouid not be read in schools. Mr. BOUCAUT said this was a subject in which be had always felt a very great interest, and he had to say in the first place that he thought the amend ment of his friend the hon. member for Noarlunga was abundantly justified, because be thought in in troducing a scheme that would require one-eighth or one-ninth of the whole revenue of the colony the Ministry ought to have said the way in which they proposed to raise the money. (Hear, hear.) He was not going to make any severe remarks, but would only ask the Chief Secretary what would be said of Mr. Lowe or any other Chancellor of the Exchequer asking the House of Commons to pass a measure appropriating some £7,000,000 or £S, 000.000 per annum without indicating the way in which he proposed to raise that money? The Ministry had not shown that breadth of view which he should have expected, but so anxious was he to get the matter settled that he did not feet justified in voting for the amendment, although the hon. member was fully justified in proposing it. When he opposed the measure proposed by the late Captain Hart he indicated five principles which he ap proved of — that the education should be free, compulsory, secular, with Boards of Advice, and a rating clause. Now, he understood the Ministry were willing to introduce Boards of Advice, therefore four of the points he advocated were conceded. And the only thing remaining was local assistance in carrying out the measure, which he hoped would still be adopted. There was a clause in the Bill to enable the Government to dedicate certain portions of land; but he should endeavour to make that power more extensive. He hoped also that the plan of Mr. Hart would be adopted of bringing the machinery of the District Councils into use. He had not that want of confi dence in District Councils which would exclude them from giving advice and aiding in the educa tion of their districts, instead of altogether cen tralizing the control in the hands of the Superin tendent of Education—which term, by the way. he should propose to strike out, giving power to appoint such officers as the Government might think sufficient. The Attorney-General, he thought, was wrong in saying the Bill would need to be reserved for the Queen's assent. It would not be so unless a new Minister was appointed; but there was no reason why one of the present Ministers should not have charge of the Education Department, and that would not in any way alter the Constitution Act. They should complete their legislation as much as possible in the colony, and not reserve anything to be sent home when it could be avoided. He did not think it necessary by the Bill;fand if it was the Bill should be altered, so that it should not be necessary. (" Hear, hear," i from the Chief Secretary.) There was one great defect in the Bill It was to sweep away the whole of the present schools at one swoop. Instead of j that the Act should be brought into operation by proclamation in certain districts just as they were j [ ready. Be was not a great friend of the Education 1 Board at present, and his estimation of them was not increased, by their goij^put of the colony to get a teacher for the Moddl Schools. He was told that such teacher had been engaged in Sydney, and if so that was a reflection on the colony which it did not deserve. (Hear, hear.) Why did not the Board give some opportunity to teachers in the colony ? (Mr. Cavenagh—"We did.") They called for applications from persons with first-class certifi cates, whilst there was no provision made for persons in this colony being enabled to obtain such a certificate. He should be glad to hear any expla nation from the hon. member, who was one of the Board, if he had any to give. Nothing that had been given satisfied him yet. It was a most extra ordinary thing if there were not in the colony many men as able to do justice to the children as the one who had been obtained from Sydney. In that the Education Board had made a great mistake. Mr. Hart had a provision in his Bill which he Bhould like to see in this—that no minister of religion should be licensed as a teacher; and he ehouid propose a similar clause in this Bill. It would be unfortunate in the highest degree if the public schools should be made the arena of ministerial strife. They must say that persons who wished to bave their children taught religion muBt have them taught at home, but the State schools must not be used for that purpose. The religious question was one that he approached with very great hesitation—almost, he might say, with fear and trembling. He did not wish to attack the consciences of those who differed from him. He agreed with those who spoke warmly in support of the Bill but the Ministry in this matter bad made what seemed to him a very fair com promise. He agreed with the hou. member Mr. Townsend, who seemed to have influenced one Wesleyan gentleman, and he thought the Ministry had made a fair compromise. Theyhad not gone so far in theseculardirectionas he wished, for he would have preferred the clause of the Melbourne Bill. They were told they were abolishing the Bible. He denied that altogether. (Hear, hear.) He was not going to discuss the question at any length, because it had been discussed freely. He sympa thized from his education with the views of his hon. colleague, but notwithstanding that he was bound to give latitude to persons who differed from him. They had no right to say that because they believed the Bible to be a particularly holy book they would enforce the Bible upon those who were taught somewhat differently. That was not true religion according to his view. They heard charges made of infidelity, atheism, modem scepticism, and all those things. Those names were very improperly and unjustly used. (Hear, hear.) They would be just as mucb justified in charging those who used them with bigotry, fanaticism, or fetishism; but hard names of that sort did no good whatever, and only called out ill-feeling, and prevented the ques tion being fairly settled. He was almost prepared to agree with the resolutions of the Wesleyan Com mittee. With that one stating that no denomina tional catechism, creed, orformulary should be used, he most entirely agreed. Then they went on to recommend that a portion of Scripture ehouid be read daily. Well that was permitted. (Mr. Carr —"No.") That was permitted by the Bill:— j "Provided that if any such school buildings shall be used for the purposes of imparting religious teaching, or for reading portions of the Holy Scrip- I tore therein, such teaching or reading shall take place before or after school hours, ana the atten dance of the school children thereat shall not be compulsory." (Hear, hear.) Then it was a misuse of language to say the Bible was forbidden by the Bill (Hear, hear.) It was merely a question of 1 whether the Bible should be read to those children whose parents sent a written request to that effect, or whether the Bible should be read to those children who went to school at a particular time. Then was it fair to throw upon certain children the odium that would attach to them in some quarters if the law enabled it to be said of them that their i parents were Atheists or Infidels because they j arked that their children should not be present at the reading of the Bible. Persons might call him an Atheist or an Infidel until they injured their organs of speech and would not hurt him, but there were many who would be exceeding hurt at such a charge. Tbereforehewouldremovethecauseofany such imputations. The Treasurer had said it was desirable a comprehensive national system of education should tie adopted in order to teach the rising population how to exercise the suffrage. That was a very strong argument, but there were others as well. Two or three times the hon. member for the Bursa had ealled attention to the importance of technical education, and that was very important But there were other even larger questions than either of those. Perhaps some of the first children educated under this Act would have to grapple with the two great questions with which the whole mind of the world had been seething and boiling—the relation of capital and labour and the,religious question. That was not as to whether a particular sect was or was not the right one, but, as put by Professor Huxley, whether religion was not altogether something apart from and beyond Christianity; or, as it was said by Frances Power Cobb, the most powerful female writer of the day, that Christianity was an effete dispensation, and they wanted another. There was the question again put by the Dean of Westminster, who observed that they could not do otherwise than see that a great number of the men of the highest intellects were so annoyed and pained with the constant struggling between Christian sects that they would see in the future a strong tendency of all thoughtful men to sever themselves from all sectarian influences whatever. When they said that, they were not facing the difficulty like men if they sought to meet ques tions ot that nature by eunply providing that the Bible should be read for a quarter of an hour every day in school. Then, again, in the last number of MacmiUan. Mr. Hughes, the author of "Tom Brown's School Days," speaking of the future, said. "The party wrestling- matches and j anglings of various Churches and sects, which go by the common name of Christian, are to me only not wholly indifferent, because they seem so eminently futile and mischievous. But the religious ' problem of civilization' lies outside of all this. Foci think very few persons interested in these questions can halve failed to remark the uneasy and mournful tone which runs through muca of the serious scepiism in cur current literature." Again, Mr. Emerson.' in America, said. "The Hebrew and Greek Scriptures contain immortal sentences, which have been bread of life to millions. Bat they have no special integrity—are not shown in their order to the intellect. I look for the new teacher, who shall follow so far these shining laws that he shall see them come full circle, and see their rounding, complete grace; shall see the world to be the mirror of the soul; shall see the identity of the law of gravitation with purity of heart; and shall show that thought, that duty, is one with science, with beauty, and with joy." Questions like that were not to be met by insisting that the Bible should be read in the way insisted on by the hon. member for Noarlunga. These were questions which the whole thinking civiliza tion of the world had pondered over; and with all respect to his hon. colleague, who he knew had a deep feeling on the subject, be could not help thinking when they saw that Book—the Bible— made so much an object of strife, it was better to use all their efforts to have that opportunity re moved from schools for the future. It was im possible but that they should respect men of such character, and they could not put away the con sideration of their views because a great many persons who had been taught to read the Bible without thought insisted upon the Bible being read. It was impossible, unless they-met this question fairly as men, that their children could bare the education which they ought to have. He was going to refer to some remarks made by the Committee of Education in Victoria, but he would not trouble them, as they were so much like what he had quoted from Mr. Hughes, showing that which had also been shown hy the Chief Secretary. He was exceedingly glad to hear the letter he read from Mr. Neville jBlyth—a gentleman they all respected very much—(Hear, Hear)—and which he considered to be very important, as showing that that gentleman, who at one time held rather extreme views on this question, had somewhat modified them. (The Chief Secretary—"Hear, hear.") Sir James Fergusson they knew used somewhat similar Language in Scotland, when he said that if three or four ministers of different sects were not allowed to have their dinner till they had settled the religious difficulty they would very soon settle it. Certainly he would not like to put it so disrespectfully as that; and he was rather surprised at Sir James Fergusson. because in this colony they deemed the bearing of the right hon. baronet to be somewhat the other way. It was imperatively necessary that they should not enable ministers to interfere in the education of the scholars. They could not blame ministers for what came to them from their education. The ministers of the Church of England were taught to say before they were ordained that they felt called and moved by the express Spirit of the Holy Ghost or of God. He was not complaining of that; but conceding that such statements were in every respect correct, which they knew eould not be the case in every instance, still, supposing them to be so. a minister must be in proportion as he believed those doctrines less liberal with regard to other people. He couid excuse ministers for believing in the im portance of that which they taught, and the jangling which Mr. Hughes spoke of. a»d the bicker ing s which Mr. Higinbotham and the Education Committee in Victoria reported upon, because they considered that they were called by the Spirit of God to teach certain doctrines, and it followed that they would not be so liberal to other denominations as if they bad been brought up with a less biassed feeling. What the duty of the State was was to give the people an education in ordinary secular knowledge, such as the three K's, and leave religious instruction to be carried on at home. He was not going to criticise the Book of Kings— of which the hon. member for East Torrens had spoken—in a laudatory manner, and he would be guilty of very bad taste if he attempted to do so in a manner that was disrespectful. He was, however, surprised at the hon. member in his allusion to the Book of Kings. He said that he had read it till he sickened of it; and if it was read by boys in school as the hon. member had bad to read it no doubt they would be surfeited with it. He had read the Book of Kings a good deal himself, and with very little effort thought that he could say a great part of it off. He certainly could say as much as any other hon. member present, and he could do the same with ; some other of the Bible books. He hoped hon. members would not think that he had not been at 1 schooL He had been at school, he assured them, forseveral years. (Laughter. An hon. member— ' "A night school?") For some time he had been at the school of a minister of the Church of England, then at the school of the Wesleyan minister—in fact, of three Wesleyan ministers, as the principal's son and son-in-law, who taught, were also Wesleyans, so that he was exceedingly well placed as far as ministers were concerned. Except when he was at a girls' school—(laughter) —he was under the ministers he had mentioned, and no Bible was read at the schools. (The Trea surer—" It never is used in private schools." Mr. Solomon— "Yes it is.") He only wished to urge that if it was not necessary to read the Bible in private schools, it was surely not necessary that it should be read in public schools, and the legitimate con clusion that he drew from that was that it was quite sufficient that the Bible should be read at home. And he thought it Baid very little for the ministers, who now cried out that they should be so fearful of their assis tants in the Sunday-school, and of the parents of children, as to think that if the Bible was not read in public schools the children would not know anything of it at alL There could be no greater reflection upon the ministers of religion than that while the Boman Catholics and also the children of our Jewish fellow-colonists did not hear the Bible read in the schools, their own people would not hear it except it was read in the public schools. He was not speaking freely upon this question, because upon such a matter he did not wish to say anything that would be likely to lead to unkindly feeling. (Hear, hear.) He did not want to speak antagonistically to the Ministry upon this subject, as he desired to assist them in framing a Bill that would be a credit to the country. Bear ing that in mind, it was not necessary that he should say much more, as he only had to justify his vote in going as far as he could in support of the Government Had he been united in the responsibility of bringing the measure forward he would have considered it necessary to have done as the Chief Secretary had done, and quoted statistics and the opinions of thoughtful men in other countries bearing upon the matter. He thought there was no time in the history of South Australia when the question couid he more fitly grappled with free from all religious feeling or strife. If party and religious feeling were allowed to come into their delibera tions a very great injustice would be done to the community, and when the question was settled it must be once for all, and in such a manner that there would be no education debate each session, and that the question of the amount of the educa tion vote would not be made a subject on the hustings and for religious bickering. If some clause was not brought down in Committee to settle this question once for ail, and point out how the money was to be raised, he told the Ministry once for all that he would oppose the Bill on its third reading. He would have beeD proud to have had the honour to be in the Government and to have had a hand in bringing in the Education Bill, and if the Bill passed they would be entitled to great credit in spite of the fact that they had found a Bill prepared by the previous Government, and that it was a copy of the Victorian Act. He would very willingly give the Government all the assis tance that he could give them in passing it. but as far as he could see there must be provisions in the Bill for payment of and dealing with teachers. He did not think that the Chief Secretary did justice to the present teachers in the BilL Notice had been given to certain persons, be heard, under the Board; but while he conceded that the present teachers had no right to be put upon the Civil Last or be given a vested interest, still he considered that they had served the colony in their class for a long time. (Hear, hear.) If the Government did not bring in an amendment he would assist other members in doing so to keep the present Board of Education alive, and have certificates and other advantages given to teachers who had not proved themselves incompetent. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BEES regretted exceedingly that his innocent laugh should have so interfered with the hon. member for Barossa, as he did not wish to interfere with the hon. member at alL With reference to the inuendo—which he fully appreciated—as to the crime of plagiarism, he would, be thought, have occasion to speak presently. He fmb agreed with hon. members as to the necessity of avoiding those religious bickerings which the interests or such a subject as that were prone to engender. When down:in a district which took a great interest in this matter he was met by a gentleman who held an opinion opposed to his own. He asked him what way he intended to vote, and he of course rephed for the seeond reading of the Bill—(Hear, hear)— because he considered it would do much good. The gentleman then astonished him hy saying that if he did so be would be a traitor to his country and false to his God. This was oolyon a.par with the feeling that was engendered unhappily amongst many excellent men, of whom he could not speak but with respect Upon the subject of this Bill from time to time he could only say that a roaring cataract of nonsense had been poured forth. There were gentlemen, he was glad to say, who supported the Bill upon principles as high as those which governed those gentlemen who spoke so strongly against it as had been very well remarked by the hon. member for West TorrenB. Iu a qpestion of this kind, which so greatly affected the future of the colony, it was first of Ml necessary that they should approach it with calmness, forbearance, and moderation, because if religious discord set in amongst them, men who would otherwise work together would be found to diverge from the course, and so shipwreck what might be made to be fraught with very great and lasting benefit to the com munity. He was glad te hear the remarks that had been made by the Chief Secretary in alluding to Mr. Neville Blyth's letter. He felt convinced that the religious difficulty existed more in theory than in practice. By a letter from another colony he heard that although the ministers of religion had made so much opposition to the Bill there, now that it was in operation they were conspicuous by their absence from the schools with the exception of the Boman Catholic priesthood. He was opposed to the mere reading of Scripture where it eould not be explained, for as the Very Bev. the Dean of Adelaide, bad very wisely said at the meeting at the Town Hall on tnis question, if the Bible was only to be read without being ex plained it was tantamount to making a fetish of it. Other ministers bad also, be was glad to say, given clear and calm opinions. The Bev. Mr. Cox, who might almost be considered the leader of the Congregationalists here, bad pointed out that the State was in the position of Gallio, who " cared for none of these things," and that all it had to do was to educate its people in secular studies irrespective of any religion whatever. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. Mr. Manthorpe had also uttered a very advanced opinion in terse, isSCSttiUSa of disseminating «nptorai knowledge <fTPitr, hear.) He was snrprisea in the present disorganized^ and ^united state of the Wesleyan body oa great subject, of State edacagoa such. an opinion as this ftoni, .£[ the Wesleyan ministers:—"The BUI- ^e^°.re,^f Legislature was doubtl^s not. perfect, as indeed no measure would be. He was bound to say^how ever, that be failed to see anything itftto awaton such grave alarm as had been publicly If it were faulty it was on J-h® ® that which it did not eay might be fairly wustraed as a silent provision of that for which alarmists contended. Alter dwelling at some iength npon the subjeet of Bible - reading in Ooyerament school and urging that the new Hill does not pro hibit that when done before or later than the hours devoted to secular instruction, the speaker referred to letters that had recently appeared in the Kcatsier as advertisements, and then added that they should be careful not to throw any obstacles m the way of passing the Education Bill. They had as a Church throught these colonies approved « the abolition of State aid to religion, and they would only be consistent in supporting a measure which provided for a purelr secular education, while leaving them perfectly free to teach the Bible He could not see any compromise of religious ptin ciple in this. The liberty of conscience which they claimed for themselves they were bound to respect in those who differed from them. Those words were worthy of the gentleman who uttered them, and of the religious body to which he helonged. K they looked at the mother-country they would find that the religious difficulty had served to complicate the education measure from the first. When he joined the Ministry, Mr. Bright —he meant Mr. John Bright—the great Mr. Bright—daughter)—said that toe present Educa tion Bill was the very worst Education Bill that had passed during this century, simply and solely arising from religious differences. If they looked at the results of the secular system in Victoria they would find that they were fat greater than was expected. In 1872, up to December, the average attendance at the public schools was 66,439. Tire new Act came into operation in January, 1873. The average attendance at toe end of March, when it had been in operation three months, was 99.783, and the increase in six months, at toe end of June, was 40,000. The number of children on the rolls was 155,000, or as one to five of the entire popu lation. This result had been simply and solely brought about by the education .measure provided for that colony. He observed the other day a passage that bore upon this matter—he must be careful of plagiarism—from a speech of Mr. Forster. He said:—"The very worst way of getting up a mountain is to be always thinking or its height, and the worst guide you can have is one who is always telling you of the avalanches and crevasses you may encounter. In ascending the Alpine heights there is one special danger— that is, a bidden crevasse. The mountain crevasse is bridged over by what appears to be frozen snow, and as the mountaineer goes along the bridge breaks down, he falls, and nothing more is heard of him. Some think this religious difficulty will be the deep crevasse that will swallow -us all up, and one writer has intimated that the hot blast of relvgious intolerance will melt the snow, and the avalanche will bury us. But the Alpine travellers get over this difficulty by tying themselves to each other by a tope, and the bond by which we shall be united together is a common desire to do our duty to the country by bringing home educa tion to every child in spite of every obstacle. They should approach this question with mutual forbearance and a desire to do the greatest good for the community at large. Pome horn , members in their desire to preserve the Bible in schools seemed to have lost sight of toe fact that five hours was the school day, and that only four hours was appointed for secular instruction, so. that the remaining hour could be used by ministers for religious instruction if they felt inclined. When they looked at the United Stales system and that of Prussia, it seemed evident that in British communities we were far behind the time in the matter of education, and vet all parties were saying, let us make education, as free as the air, or, as a gentleman had put it the other day at Moonta, free as the flowers which the children loved to pluck. It would, be thought, be conceded that such should be the aim of every Government; but the great drawback in the way had always been ministerial interference. Ministers seemed to fail to comprehend the magnitude of the issues at stake. They seemed to think that there would be some future annihilation id themselves—some future interference with their holy calling, instead of their being raiBed to more activity, and use, and, as a gentleman had said at Saddleworth, out of their lethargy. If these ministers.of the Gospel would train up the children of their own denomi nation in their own way there would be an end of the difficulty; but they would not do that. They not only said that the State must do that for them, but that they must dictate how it was to be done. What was wanted was that schools should be established where children could go without interference of any denomination, if the State devised a scheme which was comprehensive in its character, then there was at once a cry that it was an irrereligious system of education. The State could not touch the religious question in this matter, because it would be con necting itself with religion in the worst possible form and he was convinced in his own mind that we must come to a system of purely secular education in order to meet the difficulties which beset us at every point. There was another argument used, namely, that toey had a majority, and insisted upon the Bible being read in schools. He objected strongly to deciding this or any other question by majorities. And by thus insisting they prevented the system from coming into force, and left the children in ignorance — and ignorance, it was admitted, was the mother of crime. (Hear, hear.) No subject, he thought, had suffered so much from the ill-considered zeal and religious persistence as this question of education. The Treasurer had well put it when he spoke of the necessity of giving those who were to exercise universal euffraee an education. They had universal suffrage, which had been said by writers to be a hydra - beaded tyrant that might be revelling in unaccustomed power. Let them educate the people, and then they would not have the hydra headed tyranny of the mob. Education would toll a large class of people how to use the franchise for the benefit of the country in which they lived. If there was one thing more than another that showed the folly of clerical interference and clerical dog matic teaching he thought it was to be found in the history of the Siege of Paris, when the population, who had been taught by the priests, as soon as they found themselves at liberty rushed upon them and sacrificed their leaders, amongst them the esti mable Archbishop of Paris. Owing to the interfe rence of religion Catholic emancipation had been won only after an arduous struggle, and the dis establishment of the Irish Church was another instance of religious interference. It had failed ever as a Missionary Church, but since its connection with the State was severed it had been established ou a basis which he ventured to believe would never be overturned. But we in this colony were in this position. A very eminent French writer, Montesquieu, had said— " In the infancy of a community the prominent men mould the nation; in the maturity of it the nation moulded the prominentmen. That was iusi the state of society here. We had amved at that period of our existence when the nation was called upon to mould .the public men, and mould them in a desire to rightly exercise the trust imposed upon them. With reference to compulsion, he was- glad to hear the Chief Secretary . quote the unanswered and unanswerable evidence of the Victorian In spectors. It was absolutely necessary to resort to compulsory education, which had been stated by Monsieur Guizot, the author of toe greatest system of education known, to be the bare debt of a nation to its offspring. At present 95 per cent, of the persons in prisons were neither able to read nor write—(Mr. Bray—"No )•—and it was a strange fact that 25 per cent of those who signed the marriage register were in toe same position. Law wasmade to protect the weak, ana the weak were those who through neglect and car cum stances over which they bad no control through bad parents,. &c.-crowded; pur streets and drifted into crime: and compulsion in this matter would benefit them. He had been met by the argument that the Boman Catholics were opposed to this system of compulsion. Archbishop Manning, of toe Boman Catholic Church, possibly one of toe greatest of living prelates, expressed himself tons A compulsory education, like a quarantine law. or fake a good: law to take dangerous weapons out oi the bands of malicious persons, falls m with the first law of nature, self-preservation." Another very eminent Bomish prelate. Bishop Forbes Hughes, said:— "Place yourself in our position if you want to judge. Fancy yourselves seeing the Go vernment providing all the benefit oi- education, and children, not participating in it." And then a great layman of toe body, Lord Howard ot Uloasop, stated:— "With regard to compulsion he might say that some people thought because be was a Boman Catholic he should be favourable to Eoraau Catholics and neglect other tollmen..Thosei were not his views,, for having mixed with- ail cuwes and all religions, he had learnt to bear and for bear with all people on all points. He did not like compulsion, but he felt that a power almost alrin to compulsion would be needed, for the children who played about in gutters, who- followed dishonest and degraded lives, were those whom, they most use every effort to get into, school, - where they would receive a sound education, and instead of being rogues and vagabonds would be turned into good people, who would be a credit to tb emselves andfamilies, an d useful to theircountry.' * And last upon this subject of compulsion, Mx. Forster—" To say it would be un-English to make the parent do his doty if he fails in it is 'foolish.* However, there ought to exist, all means of persuasion before compulsion is resorted to," A great deal had been said about the freedom of education. He would certainly support free education. He could not see that there would be any difficulty, and if they looked to the United States they would likewise fail to find any diffi culty in getting all scholars to associate together, and the freedom of the schools might, do away with what had appealed to his mind as an over whelming fact that the taint of poverty attached to those who sent their children without paying to ecbooL He had the authority of an eminent mem ber of the Wesleyan body to say that notwithstand ing fits opposition to the A ct in Melbourne on every opportunity, he believed that the freedom of education had done more towards making the Bui workable than anything else in the Bill, and had gone very far to render abaso3t unnecessary that last resource—compulsion. That, coming from a gentleman who thought it his duty to manfully battle against the Bill, and who now came forward, saying that his opinions were altered by practice, waB an overwhelming argument in favour not only of the freedom, but toe computeoiy nature of tola Bill. The members of the House ware, thanks to Mr. Hughes, strongly in favour payment l»y results. He would strongly support to»lj£ it were only that it promoted honourable nvaliy »U»Odo those who had for their vocation the tute- | kuce ol youth, and because it would allow teachers to achieve the greatest possible success ini the way «f money that they could command by diligence and care. He found that a good school master in Melbourne, with his stipend and what he obtained under the system of nayment by results, earned with a school rf BOO about £600 a year. He was very much struck by the remark of Mr. West-Erakine that -schoolmasters were not paid a journeyman carpenter's wages, (Hear, hear.) That was unfor tunately true. The schoolmaster, he thought, occupied a position second in importance to none in the colony. His vocation, as had been said by the Chief Secretary, was a speciality, and they ought to do all they could to secure for the rising -community the best instruction that could be secured, and that could only be done by giving good stipends and ready remuneration. He approached his next point with considerable diffi culty, and he wished to make a slight personal explanation. He had been accused of plagiarizing Dr. Lyon Playfair. He had shown this speech of Dr. Playfair—which had commended itself to his judgment more than any other utterance he had read as to the defects of the educational system—to at least twelve gentlemen in this colony, and he had had it returned to him very; recently. He made the quotation from a manuscript which be held in his hand—it was understood to be a quotation, and was made as a quotation, and he would be the last, as the jackdaw, to avail himself of the peacock's plumes. He himself had had the best education procurable, and bad tried to dispense it as much as possible to others; and this question of secondary schools was a matter that had com mended itself to his judgment, and many in Eng land—and theirnumber was increasing dav-byday— held the same view that he did. He did hope that the slender elementary education obtainable under ♦bin Bill would he canied further, and that the Chief Secretary would see that it was not too late to extend it A knowledge of history and physical geography would be an immense boon to a boy in after life, and would enable him to achieve a position he could not otherwise command. He would repeat the words that be had previously quoted from Dr. Playfair. "Ho armour-place of knowledge is given to our future artisan, but a mere veneer of thruhree E's, so thin as to rub off completely in three or four years of. the wear and tear of life." He did hope the Government would consider this matter. He did not wish to move in any anta gonistic way. He wished to see an education system passed, and would do all he could to assist them, and only ventured to suggest the necessity for secondary improvement schools connected with the national schools. When these normal institu tions contemplated by the Hill were in operation he thought they would do away with the argument that the ill private teachers would be injured, because if they made the stipends of the masters a sufficient inducement he thought they would absorb into the scholastic community the flower of those now engaged in private schools. (Cheers.) They would readily exchange a precarious existence for the more honourable position in which they might arrive at the highest grade. He hoped the Government wculd insert a clause by which a certain sum would be provided on behalf of those who through the force of circumstances had had no provision made for them. Under the Canadian Bill £1,000 a year was provided for this, and Ave dollars a year were appropriated from the salaries'of the schoolmasters, to form a fund for the purpose. He hoped the same privilege would be accorded to schoolmasters as under the Victorian system, that after a certain amount of service they might become members of the Civil Service. It would induce an esprit de corps, and produce results that they little expected. He was glad that the Government had given way on the question of Boards of Advice. He had beard on this subject some very clever remarks from a gentleman well known in the colony. He Eaid" In Victoria no school is recognised till a local Committee is appointed by the Board, and the appointment notified in the Government Gazette. Those Committees are recommended by the parents of scholars or subscribers to the schooL The following is the rule, viz.' That a public meeting be convened of the parents of scholars who have attended school during five weeks previous to the day of meeting, and of subscribers to the school of 10s. and upwards, aud notice of such meeting is to be affixed to the door of the schoolhouse, and to be inserted as an advertisement in the local newspaper, if any be pnblished within two miles of the 6chooL By a regulation of the Board the Committees of vested schools must fairly represent the different religious persuasions in the localities where the schools are situated. There must uot be a majority of any one denomination—of course the cost of maintenance not coining directly out of the ratepayers' pockets the appointment of Committees is different from what it would be were the contrary the fact. But still the difficulty of finding suitable men to act would apply in the one case as well as the other. If our lawmakers give the ratepayers the privilege of electing Committees for such an important work tbey will experience no lack of material, nor will the scheme lack completeness through this pro vision finding no possibility of fulfilment." With regard to the cost, he thought that was a matter which it would be well to leave in the hands of the Government that they might submit a scheme, but let them affirm the general scheme. (Cheers.) To ask every man in the colony to con tribute 10s. only towards Uoeping up an educa tion system was a request in which all would, he thought, cheerfully acquiesce, and there would be no difficulty in raising the funds. He thought in a matter so important to the constituencies, so impor tant to the colony in which we lived, and so important to the colony of the future, that they should approach the subject without those unfor tunate bickerings and collisions such as had taken place elsewhere, that they might frame a measure that would be comprehensive in principle and uni versal in its results. Mr. BRAY would not have spoken but for the remarks of Mr. Rees, whom he had interrupted when he said that 95 per cent, of those who had been convicted in this colony were unable to read and write. The statistics for last year showed that out of 1,006 prisoners in the Stockade and Gaols 684 could read and write, and 84 others could read, so that instead of 95 per cent, there were considerably less that 50 per cent, who were unable to read and write. He would support the second reading, but reserve himself the right to endeavour to amend it in several particulars in Committee. (The Chief Secretary — " Hoar, hear.") He was glad that the Government had intimated that they intended to make several alterations — to add several subjects to the standard of education, and also to make better provision for carrying out the objects of the BUI by appointing Boards of Advice. He though tit would be a great pity if the ages named in the BiU m which chUdren could be compeUed to go to school were adhered to. From seven to 15 apPeared to him to commence and end too late. -Che Education report showed that there were 6,000 chUdren under seven years being educated, aud if the Government fixed the minimum age at seven years they would hardly expect any under that age to avaU themselves of the system. He was not convinced that because education was compulsory it should be free—(Hear hear)—although it might be desirable that it should be free. He would refer to the remarks of Mr. Trollope in reference to the schools of Canada, which were both com pulsory and free, in which he said the level of education was good, but education above that level was rare. He believed the BUI would be a great advance upon the present system. (Hear hear.) With regard to the question of the Bible in schools, he thought that in Committee they would be able to arrange the matter so aB to give satisfaction to most of those who had addressed themselves to the point. The BUI said that during four hours the Bible should not be read, and under that they could hardly expect the teachers or scholars to take any other hours. The BiU would have to be supplemented by regu lations, which would be equally important. The Bill seemed to him to be ueedlessly particular in some things and too open in others. It was provided that there should be two hours spent in the school in the morning and two in the after noon. He thought it would be better to fix certain tones between which the four hours' instruction Rfcocld be given, and leave it to the Board of Advice to stay when they should be. He agreed w»tr. Mr. Krichauft that 60 days' instruction in the kA..-3'oz were not enough. He thought the cr...d.-sn roust be in school a longer time if the ed.-eaz,on were to be beneficial. If only one-third of the year were devoted to education the children v. whAt the>" learned. The Bill dnrered from the Melbourne Act in not providing for payment by result?, but he gathered from the Treasurer that the Ministry had seen the wisdom of this tystero and intended to adopt it. On the motion of Mr. DCN-CAN, the debate was adjourned until Thursday. KEROSENE BILL In Committee. A new clause was, added. The Hou.se resumed, the Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again meet 4av OYH1KR FISHERY BILL. The clauses having been passed. The House resumed, and the consideration of the report marie an Order of the Day for Thursday TELEGRAPHIC MESSAGES KILL. Bill read a second time, and clauses I to 12 passed The House at 10 minutes past 7 adjourned till next day. 