Interesting Experiments on Foul Air. x-abis, reoruary 4, — uaptam JJenarouze is proving to the attuaiw of Paris that if miners henceforth perish from chokedainp it will not be through the fault cf science. His demonstra tions to this effect are made in the Catacombs, under the Hue d'Enfer. The theatre of his experiments is a space formed by the intersec tion of two low galleries propped up with squat freestone pillars, and lined with skulls and tibiae.' These details are rendered visible by the light of during torches, such as one sees in the Bercy wine vaults. In the centre of the opening stands a large glass box, or rather chamber, which might have been borrowed from the managers of the Brighton Aquarium. Its inmates are not fishes, but a lordly dunghill coek, very proud of his scarlet coat decorations, and a rabbit which might be taken for au emblem of unintelligent vacillation and timidity. At the extremity of , tho glass chamber, farthest from the seats .pro vided by Captain Denjtrouzc for those who wish, to look on at his experiments, lies a tie cylinder, closed at both ends. An indiarubber tube is inserted into the cylinder, of which more pre sently. When tho performance is about to com menco a few more torches are lighted. A man, dressed like a miner, then comes forward, enters the glass chamber, which is closed on him hermetically, and then proceeds to work with a pickaxe, to the evident annoyance of the cock and the bewilderment of the rabbit. He has on his back a tin box, shaped like a knapsack, and fastened to his breast a little lantern, with very powerful reflectors. As he stoops, wo observe that hismostrils arc shut by means of a spring resembling tho eentrnl pnrt of a pair of spectacles. We also see that he holds in his mouth a bone tube, from which proceeds another of gutta percha, ending in the knapsack. The man is in no wise embarrassed with this appara tus. He tears up the ground and moves about heavy blocks of freestone, crawls on his hands and knees, and acts as if he were in a mine instead of in a glass chamber in tho Catacombs. When he is so en gaged, the captain explains that the knapsack is a sort of gasometer, containing a supply of vital air, and that the big cylinder contains a reserve fund. He then turns. a cock, which he says is to fill tho glass chamber with carbonic-acid gas. Before many minutes elapse, the vainglorious bird shows signs of physical discomfort, turns blue at the wattles, loses his lordly air, flaps hia wings languidly, droops, goes off into a faint, and gives up the ghost. The rabbit's struggles for life are more convulsive, and his kicks go on for a longer time. While death thus invades tho chamber, tho miner works away, not minding the poisonous gas. His lamp, which also com municates with the knapsack, continues to burn bright, though four torches in tho glass room have gone out for v ant of oxygen. The moment the light in it grows dim, the man understands that he must draw upon tho reserve fund pf.vital air, from which ho replenishes his portable gas* ometer. Hydrogen and oxygen pas are next turned in upon him. But ho is not hurt by the inflammable atmosphere, for the flame ot hia lamp cannot come in contact with it. The whole contrivance) is so simple, that one wonders it was not long ago invented. Captain Denarouze's minors' knapsack was first suggested to him by tho diving- bell, which, he flatters himself, his apparatus will supersede. — Daily Neics. Goodness of heart is man's best treasure, his brightest honour, and noblest acquisition. It is that ray of the Divinity which dignifies humanity Wisdom is the olive which springs from tho heart, blooms in the tongue, and bears fruit in the action. 