TOWN TALK. Toe programme for Madame Goddard's concert this evening is most attractive, and cannot fail to please all classes of the community. " Songs without words," and Handel's " Harmonious Black smith " are offered for the lovers of classical music; the latter is a perfect gem, and when Madame Goddard played it the other night in the Melbourne Town Hall she was enthusiastically encored and again recalled. The selections of popular music are " Bon nie Scotland," introducing favorite airs; and Thalberg's " Home sweet Home," it is a most difficult fantasia, and probably from Madame Goddard's rendering, the most suc cessful piece ever performed by any artist. The performance of it has invariably brought down the house. It is a pity that we cannot have some more representations of Madame Goddard's talent and genius, but as there is a Melbourne concert adver tised for to-morrow, this will be positively the last concert in Geelong. At a general meeting of the members of the Grant and Polwarth Coursing Club, held yesterday, Mr Bignell, of Ballarat, was unanimously elected a member. Pro grammes of the coursing will be duly printed for each day. There has been some talk about his Excellency the Gover nor patronising the coursing meeting on his way to Teesdale, where, it is said, he intends going to obtain some rabbit shooting, but nothing certain is known about this. It is, however, improbable, as rabbits are now very scarce in the locality mentioned. The statement that it was the poor-box that was taken away from the Police Court a few days ago, or that there was a great amount of money in ic, was incorrect. As stated by us, it was the box at the Hospital that was taken away, and the contributions placed therein were for the benefit of that institution. It is matter for surprise that the box was not carried away long before it was, for it used to stand on the table in the entrance-hall without being fastened in any way, and, being only a small box, could easily be picked up and walked away with by any passer by. It was, in fact, placing temptation in the way of any thief whom business or sickness might lead to the Hospital. With respect to the poor-box, there has never been a box in court, except when handed round at licensing meetings, since Mr Bonsey officiated as police magistrate some five or six years ago. Formerly it used to be placed in front of the witness box, and subsequently in front of the clerk's desk, but being found in the way was removed to a safe place of custody. The last donations we have been requested to acknowledge are 3s Gd, jurors fees, from the circuit court, and 4s from the jurors at the sessions, and we are sorry to say the funds are at present very low. The manner in which Sergeant Morton manages to make the funds eke out, and yet afford assistance to the really de serving, reflects credit on the financing abilities of that officer, who has not yet been driven to making an application to the present Mayor for assistance, he always making a point of appealing to the chief magistrate in cases of pressing emergency. As we have before stated the funds are at a low ebb, and it is hoped the charitably inclined will list to the appeal. We are about to have a paddle steamer on the Barwon River, which, though not equal in size to the Great Britain, is ex pected to be a very comfortable little boat. Mr Hobday, jun., is now busily engaged in fitting up Mr Sichlau's flat bottomed boat with a II-horse power horizontal engine, and expects to have the vessel ready for launching in a week or two. The boat is twenty-two feet long with a three foot six beam, and the engine will weigh about two hundredweight, the paddle wheels will he three feet Bix inches in diameter, and it is expected a Bpeed of at least five miles per hour will be obtained. The only drawback that we can see is that it will be a difficult matter to send the boat over the slip at the Breakwater, but Mr Hobday considers that this will be easy enough, as the paddle wheels will not be below the boat, and the engine will not be so heavy as to cause the lifting of the craft to he attended with danger. Should the steamer prove a sue cesss, the example set will probably find many imitators. A special meeting of the Geelong Fire Brigade was held last eveniDg, for the pur pose of electing hose officers. Mr Hedley presided, and 20 members attended. A letter was read from the foreman, Mr G. Gosney, apologising for his non-attendance. Rule 15, relative to the election of officers having been read, the members proceeded to elect two hose officers by ballot. Messrs Field, Ritchie, Kingsbury, and Pride were proposed and seconded. The result was as follows :—Kingsbury, 15; Pride, 10; Field, 6 ; and Ritchie, 5. Messrs Kingsbury and Pride were, therefore, declared elected. Messrs Knight and Miller were elected membera of committee without opposition. In reply to a question from Mr Knight, the secretary stated he had received no further communication from Mr Sloman, as threatened, in reference to the recent action taken in connection with his expul sion. Mr Field remarked that the time Mr Sloman had allowed the Brigade to reinstate him, otherwise he would take legal proceedings, was six days, and this had not yet expired. Mr Knight related some conversation he had had with the foreman of the Newtown Brigade in refer ence to the assertion that, on the night of the recent fire, Mr Sloman had led that brigade astray, and intimated that both the foreman and Mr Heard bore out the Bile Ration that they had been led to a portion ! sf the factory where no water was to be had, and that Mr Ward had eventually to conduct them to a position where their engine could be made available. The meeting them closed. What next? It is reported at Fresh water Creek there is a prospect of a haunted house being utilised as a State school. The old school house has long been in a very dilapidated condition, and an agitation has been going on for a new one. Matters have quite recently been brought to a climax by the trustees of the ruinous edifice demanding a rent of 15s per week from the Education department for its further occupation. Unwilling to ac cede to these terms, the inspector of schools has had to visit the locality with the view of making other arrange ments, and it is alleged that one of the buildings which elicited his favorable notice as eligible for the purpose is a de serted paling structure, where a man named Fassall hanged himself about a year ago, and which has since earned the reputation of being haunted by his perturbed spirit. Since the matter has got wind among the school children they talk ot nothing but goblins and ghosts. It is said that if the Hoard of Advice had control in the matter of erecting school buildings, all the trouble that has occurred would have been obviated. Can this be the case ? We have been informed by a gentleman having property in the Wimmera district that he has been served with the following notice:—" I in tend to bring 28 horses and two packs of dogs to hunt upon your run, and having a Government license am not answerable for. any damage that may arise'to your fences or stock in pursnit ot my occupation as a licensed hunter." An enquiry has been held into the con duct of Mounted-Constable Hay ley, recently stationedat Leigh Road, in placing a marked crown piece on a counter with the object ot seeing if a man whom he was watching would takt it. As already known the man did take it. was prosecuted for so doing, and dischaiged. The result of the enquiry has been the discharge of Constable Bayley from the force. The doors of the Police Court were just opened and closed again yesterday, not even a tippler presenting himself for adju dication. It waa recently proposed that a new school should be built in the Winchelsea district, and tenders for the proposed edifice were invited in the usual way by the Go vernment. The result, it is said, was that the lowest tender amounted to £240, or about double the cost of a school twice the size of the one proposed that had previously been built under local auspices. Represen tations were made that the price was inor dinate, and that through ignoring the Board of Advice and its opinions, the Edu cation department was about to counsel the extravagant absurdity of constructing in winter a building for £240 which could be built in summer for about £50. The reason was pointed out, namely, that in winter the necessary timber is supplied from Geelong at a cost of about 15s per 100 feet, delivere'd, while in summer, when the roads are good, the material can be had direct from the mills in the forest for 5s per 100 feet, or one-third the cost. What rendered timber so expensive in wiuter, was stated to be the fact that the material from Geelong would obviously have performed a circumbendibus between the forest in summer and its final destina tion in winter, passing through the mer chant's hands in the interval. For once common sense prevailed, and the construc tion of the building was deferred tiU the opportune season should arrive. In consequence of a protest entered by Mr George M'Conachy, one of the candi dates for the Moriac School Board, to the effect that the election was illegal, seeing that plurality of votes had been allowed, a scrutiny of the voting papers took place at the Shire Hall, Mount Moriac, yesterday, before Mr Breguet, returning officer, and Cr. Lareombe. It appeared that only in one of the polling places, at Modewarre, had the mistake been committed. The re sult of the scrutiny did not disturb the election, while it rendered Mr M'Conachy's defeat the more apparent, depriving him of nine of the votes with which he was pre viously credited. It appears that the mis take arose through the ambiguous word ing of the 16th clause of the Education Act, which directs that every voter shall receive a ballot paper, and then goes on to say that " every such voter shall, without leaving the booth, strike out from any or all of such papers the names of every candidate for whom he shall not desire to vote." _ It will be observed that tenders are invited to be lodged at the office of Water supply by Tuesday next, for earthwork, &c.;, ac the Lovely Banks reservoir. The following team will represent the Victoria Club in the match with the Gee long Club, to be played on Saturday, viz. : —Messrs T. Knight, F. Carr, W. White", W. Thomas, T. Vance, T. Wray, H.Swin £eIls>,W- Lawton, G. Ryler, G. Steedman, E. M'Kenzie, W. Veitcb, P. Bruce, A. M'Crone, A. Hardie, J. Stock, J. Best, E. Webster, A. Sayars, J. M'Kenna, A. Lowe! J. Martin, and G. Gfeni9ter; emergency W. Harding, P. Hardie, R. Gardiner, aud X). Hamilton. i In -legislative Council, on Wednes-1 day, Mr O'Shanassy presented a petition from the town clerks of Melbourne and Geelong, and other places, praying that i they might be relieved from the task of making up the electoral rolls; and Mr i Henty presented a petition from the in habitants of Steiglitz, praying that the electoral district of Moorabool might be altered to Steiglitz. b nrT1l? instigation into the conduct of Mr Reed deputy registrar at Geelong made by Mr Archer, the registrar-general has been concluded, and his report has i been forwarded to the Attorney- General. Ihe report is yeiy voluminous, and deals not only with the action taken by Mr Reed but with the conduct of the prosecution of the police. The report is at present under consideration. Our neighbours at the Pivot are not it would appear (remarks the Ballarat Post-) altogether satisfied with sending wines and prodigious quantities of summer fruits and vegetables, but are also sending away fruits hitherto considered as almost exclusively tropical ones. Messrs D. Cohen and Sons, of the Main Road, have on hand a small consignment of eight cases of oranges of Geelong growth. It is pretty plain that the trade is likely to become a flourishing one the supply is plentiful, but being as yet the produce of young trees only, greater per fection may be expected year by year. _ The Argus learns " that before the mail just arrived left London there bad been some little difficulty between the Agent General and Sir A. Clarke relative to pav ing the latter gentleman the pension which Tor a number of years he has been drawing from this colony. It appears that for a long time past Sir A. Clarke has been oc cupying a position of profit under the Crown in the Admiralty department, and under these circumstances Mr Michie asked for an explanation. The explanation was naM the Pensitm was not paid. The whole matter has, of course been set at rest by Sir A. Clarke's accent! Settlements!'' of the Straits Mr William Stack, who has held the poet of senior warder at Pentridge for the last fourteen years, has been transferred to n have charge of the prison until Mr Dwyer arrives from Portland. The Mayor of Melbourne's Fancy Dress Ball came off on Wednesday night. The hall presented a most brilliant abearance H s Fx, ,40° aat 1500 Suesta attended. IWn °7 ,he Governor and Lady Howen were present. ^ nkTp6™ w°dien<1, P'oogk'og match took place on Wednesday. In match class A, ten tlf- ?*first' Mor6an second, Creigh ton third, Yeaman fourth, Oliver fifth, there were 11 entries. Class B—Dwyer brat, Kenny second, Godden third, Dryden fourth, Stuart fifth; 20 entries. Class C— -fciowe first, Davies second, Bowyer third • seven entries ' Ail official in the Solicitor-General's de artment, atationeil in the North- Kasteru iatriet, has, the Argus states, been sus ended pending investigation into certain regularities alleged against him. It appears from a paragraph in the Argus bat, in addition to the pure-bred bull and ows on the ship Lady Octavia, there are lso 120 fine sheep of the Lincoln breed, onBigned to Messrs Croaker, Scott and Co. .nd Dalgety, Blackwood and Co. Fiji news to the 13th inst., confirms the >reviousrumo'irs as to the disturbed state of iffairs. The Ministry endeavored to defeat he intentions of the whites by inducing the latives to vote for members of the Assembly, hough such right was denied them for nerly. E ailing this, they advised the King ,o cancel the writs, and depend for ,he present solely on the advice of his 10-called Privy Council. King Cakobau presented a lengthy statement to Com modore Stirling, which clearly shows that the Government are prepared to pre cipitate a crisis between the whites and the natives. The former are organising throughout the islands for combined action and mutual protection. The cancellation of writs was denounced as revolutionary. The rebels have defeated the King's troops on the Ba coast. They killed Messrs Jack and Graham, settlers, and wounded several. The Government intend to re-issue the writs, and maintain the right of the natives to the franchise. 