SUNDAY READING. I Illustrations of Love. (BY THE REV. R. W. YANDEBKISTE.! ' AN AUSTBAXIAN "WÏFE'S LOVE. As the reader is probably aware, wa have s Sydney City .Mission, lt employs five mission aries. Twenty would ill-supply the wants ol Sydney. One of these missionaries related to me, that at the close of one of big occasional free social tea meetings for the poor, a woman with whom he was not previously acquainted asked bin* to visit her. On doing so, he found that the husband was a miserable drunkard. His inebriate habits had extended over a very considerable Bpace of time ; the family had sunk terribly low indeed ; und the last drag ging of them to Sydney had not improved matters. Alcoliol had done a considerable portion of its accursed work on the husband. It had not yet landed him in hell ; bnt it had brought him very far on the "broad way" that leads there. It had dragged away his peace, drained his pockets, and shaped him into a wrecked drunkard ; hand in pocket, out at elbow, idle, bewildered, and debased. As to the poor woman, she too had been so dragged down, that she had lost her vital springiness. Her husband, instead of husbanding lier, had become her upas-tree ; and his deadly ways were poisoning her lorain and body and soul. In proof of this-and a" very strong proof-since for the last time she had been hacked back to Sydney, she had neglected renewing her membership with the branch of the Christian Church to which she had long and happily belonged. The poor children's portion of the sad family picture, we will fill in with the poet's words : There goes a drunkard's child. Thin, and ragged, and wild ; Pained, and pinched, and pale, Eor a bottle of rum or ale ; '.Shoes there are none, hair unkempt, On errand for man's destroyer sent ; The rounded form, and lustrous eye. Starved to waste, Beam ready to die Alas ! for the drunkard's child 1 When the missionary called, this poor woman addressed bim thus, " I have been working very hard at washing; and I have now about sixty five shillings which I can call my own. I have had two plans in my mind. The first is, to buy cloth for a suit of Sunday clothes, pay a tailor to cut them out, make them up myself when my husband is out or in bed, surprise him by producing them, and tell^ him that they ave from my washing savings, and that I have spent the money thus, in order that we may go to a place of worship together once again, as we used to do in the happy times. Then I had a second thought-I have toiled liard for the money ; perhaps he would pawn the suit, or sell it for drink ; would it not be . better for me to buy some clothes for myself and the poor children ? I wish to take your advice to decide the matter." The missionary appears to have felt no hesitation in delivering his' judgment, " I advise you," said he, " to adhere to your first thought." The suit was made ; unexpectedly produced ; the tale told ; the funds explained; the object stated; and God, for Christ's sake, by the Holy Spirit, so wrought upon the drunkard's heart and mind, that he wept aloud for his sinfulness. The man ivas a drunlcard no' longer. We leave him proprietor of a small business in Sydney, and living to God ; one of the Sydney churches numbering that family in its ranks. IT AVAS LOVE THAT WON HIM. i Tes, it was the poor wife's love, that was made instrumental by the Lord to break down and then restore her poor drunken husband. Her love reminded him of God's love, and carried back his soul to his blessed Saviour, for a renewal of pardon and peace. If you were to ask me for a strictly logical detail of the mental process, I could only tell you that mental processes, like physical pmcesses, have their mysteries. But love, we know, has a wonderfully elevating and purifying power. It is not unreasonable then, is it ?-that it should have led up this man's memory to the con templation of the very highest development of love, which too he had once enjoyed-the love of God in Christ. In love divine lay the secret of his cure. It was that which caused him to turn again to God. So it is written " The love of Christ consti'aineth us ; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead ; and that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto Him which died for them, and rose again."-II Cor.V. 14,15. Fletcher of Madeley, one of the mighty dead, in his own very^f orcible style of paraphrasing, which yet takes no liberty with Scripture, makes our blessed Saviour say :-'. Sinner despise no more my amazing love. Thou hast played with the fiery serpents, they have bitten thy heart, but I have sucked the mortal poison. In the perilous attempt my soul was seized with sorrow even , unto death ; and an uuheard of agony, attended with a bloody sweat came upon ray body. A racking cross was the bed I Avas stretched upon : sharp thorns proved the pillow on which I rested my fainting head. Tho bitterest sarcasms were my consolations ; vinegar and gall my cordials, a band of bloody soldiers appointed to tear open my veins ; whips, nailB, hammers, and a spear, tho instru ments allowed them. For hours I bled under their merciless hands; and thy fearful curse, O sinner, llowed together with my blood, In the mourttimc, noon-duy light was turned into the gloom of night, a dire emblem of the darkness that over-spread my agonized soul ; aud at last, -while earthquakes rocked I gave up the ghost, -with cries that astonished my bitterest enemies, and made them smite their breasts in pangs of involuntary sympathy. Thus to make thee partaker of my saving health, I took the shameful and painful conse quences of thy "mortal distemper upon me. And now sinner requite my love with a , believing look. Consider my wounds till thy Í conscience feels their wonderful effect. Behold I my atoning blood until thou canst witness that it heals all thy infirmities." As Goethe has it, I and I give the German as well as the English, for the sake of Fatherland readers: Thalig ihn preisenden, Liebe beweis inden Brii'lerlicb speisenden, Predigend reisenden Wonne verheiesenden Euch ist der Meister nah ; Euch ist erda I Praise Him unceasingly. Love one another, Ureuk bread together like Bister und brother. ! Preach the glad tidings To all who will hear you, Bo will the Hasterbe Evermore near you. AN AUSTRALIAN MOTHER'S LOVE: 7n the earlier days of. Kew South Wales, we are told that the wife of a New England fencer was left alone at her hut with her young family. Her husband was away on a journey. Her infant had been deserted by the little group which, formed her offspring, as their play led them wide. Emerging from her humble habitation, the mother beheld her infant asleep on the sward, wrapped in the folds of a large black snake. The nerve maternal love imparts has, perhaps, no equal. She seized the reptile, and whilst the child was uninjured, received herself the deadly poison fang. Her husband's absence might extend to weeks. Visitors were extremely rare. The nearest station was distant twenty miles. She Jenew all this. The hut of the splitter is yet found amongst the wildest of the wild. It is said she was a woman who feared God. She knew she was likely to die, and then her little motherless children might starve before aid reached them. At all events such was her anxiety; and her loving aim was to do all she could for them ere death came, and what she did, she felt must be done quickly. She tightly bound up her bitten limb above the wound, and then directed her eldest boy, a mere child, to try and catch a horse, and endeavour to find a station. Next, a very large damper was baked, and placed within reach of her children, and a mother's love having done what it could, she lay down to pray and to die. The little boy, by G)d's help, in a country destitute of roads, found the station, or more probably the horse found it. Help came; the wounded flesh was cut by a stock-keeper, and this devoted mother recovered. GREATER LOVE THAN THIS. The wife of the Australian splitter exhib ited, forcibly a mother's love. But again dear reader, I ask you to contemplate greater love than this. See Jesus on Mount Calvary. There "God was in Christ, reconciling the world into himself, not imputing their tresspasses unto them. 2 Cor. v. " Scarcely for a righteous man will one die : yet, peradventure, for a good man some would even dare to die. But God coni mendeth his love toward us, m that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Bom. v. Have you, dear reader, sought and found eternal life ? I have no cheering words for , the despiser of Christ's "great salvation," but for the earnest seeker my words are full of sunbeam. " The whole Bible," writes that great divine, the late Rev. John Angeli James, " is one vast encouragement to seek for eternal life ; the death of Christ is another ; and the existence and history of the Church of God upon earth is a third. Men may despond of gaining wealth, or fame, or I rank, or health ; but no mau out of hell need despond of gaining salvation. It is nearer to us, and more within our reach, than any other blessing we can name or think of. Our feel i ings in regard to earthly possessions can never risc higher than hope; but, in regard to salvation, they may take tho character of certainty, provided we use thc proper means." A RAGGED SCHOOL TEACHER'S LOVE. My dear children, I write these papers for you as well as for grown-up people, and here is an illustration of the power of love, parti I cularly intended for you. It is amongst the last accounts I have received of the London Hagged Schools. At one of these a little girl behaved so very badly, that tho teacher was compelled to expel her from the school. In doing so she said, " You are a very naughty girl ! I want to love you, but I cannot." Of course the kind hearted teacher meant with a love of complacency, for a love of pity every Christian feels for the very vilest. The poor little ragged girl went away to her wretched home, but God fastened thc words of love of her teacher upon her heart. She could not forgot them, and she said to herself : " Teacher wants to love me. 1 wonder why that is ? What can make her want to love me?" And the poor little child cried to herself, and she kept cryiug again and again all night, she could not rest, so did her teacher's love hang about tho poor little heart. So next morning, most probably quite of ber own thought, for tho parents of too immy such children care little whether they go to school oí* iiot, and there had been no time for thc Government inspectors under the pre sent partially compulsory system of attendance at school, to discover her as an absentee-she went back to the Hagged School again, and said, "Please teacher try me once more, I won't be a naughty girl again." She told her teacher in answer to her enquiry, how the words, " I -want to love you" had rung in her ears, and melted her heart. The teacher told her once again of Christ's love, and my infor mation concludes with the statement, that this j little firl became soundly converted, and felt that God for Christ's sake had pardoned her sins; fiom. viii. Why not? Little children can learn and feel a great deal about wicked ness. Why should we doubt that they can learn and feel much, therefore, respecting goodness ? ' Now, dear reader, let us together praise the Saviour's love, in verses which well record it : One there ia above all others. Well deserves the name of friend ¡ His was love beyond a brother's, Costly, free, mid knows no end ; Those who once His goodness provo, Find it everlasting love. When He dwelt on earth abused, Friend of sinners was his name; Now above all glory raised, He rejoices in the same. Still he calls us brethren, friends. And to every want attends. O, for grace our hearts to soften, Teaohus, Lord, at length to love ; We, alas, forget too often. What a friend we have above ; But, when home our souls are brought, We will love Thee as we ought. A PRAYER. Almighty and everlasting God, who, of Thy tender love towards mankind, hast sent Thy Son, our Saviour Jesus Christ, to take upon him our flesh, and to suffer death upon the cross, mercifully grant, that we may both follow the example of his patience, and also be made partakers of His resurrection. Thou art, O God, the King of glory, who hast exalted Thine only Son Jesus Christ with great triumph unto Thy kingdom in "Heaven : We beseech Thee leave us not comfortless ; but send to us Thine Holy Ghost to comfort us, and exalt us unto the same place whither Our Savisur Christ is gone before, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen,* * Collect for Sundays before Easter and after Ascen sion-day. 