OUR' PARIS . LETTER. (From our oawn Corresponulent.) Ouroonn 4. ' Inoahabl but honest," war' thoe goneral iplnio lntortaiijad of :Comto do hlalubortl utll n few days ago; bib ainooe hw bhas written a lotter to a plartlsan un known to faTmo, postorty is roquestud to noto that the so?cuud adjootivo it witth drawln. It in only anothur proof of the caunsol "put not your faith int prnlos.' It is said'thatnuon.aro onlyconalatoutwhon in opposition;now the Countodo Chaunbord ha.ving sworn its mlany unth I?s a dicer or at lover, that heo would novr abandon hidl whito ltag-it being rank blasplholy for thu people to nail theirs, the tricolor, to the mant-or the mtaking of the Popo temporally, irst glower of the oaurth nd first gorn of thoe no, and cruehing St. Miohnul and Batan fashion tli conao quenco of the First IRevolution now hinut all those views ars pure invontfoils of the onoawy . Liko Ie ' Jourdain, and apoakig protld, the Count has boon a liberalall als life without knowing it. This result of " ewear " to it. The ghosts of Charles X. -asidT?p?oleon 'III. might coe np for the -oceain toIi sIic lrp e himns to "epwear.l Whtn Horn ooke wat asked to sigs the thirty-nino articles, hle rplied," with pleasure, n:hudred-an thirty-ineif you wishn." It is not in that spirit tie tfudest pas lutryp under the sun pwould like to see Harry the Fehl? endorse toe points of their Charter. lnutdhipoleon'ov II.h' thie gh tcir or uOf ea 'slation, but a'taidt'. fdr'o'e ydthdr i'for paper polleot anud te whip and scwear."ns of tin. HoMay e be wd ivered frto s ign t another kiid'of' tiute lk1W his dearly be4 thirtlyed co-nin Luis Pillipps,, whreplied," lith leasurttbi, ted ohunde ayear,'owi rty-nine-if Jrfines t peasantry undesirm toe sun iPwould like to see I iHarriiic, thie str'e it abionarclhy Trlhe people certainly dd not }wnt tlis kind of greatlase thrust ndorse ithe b point th their Coverci harterl Royalits are notie'ay rat t a .l0tho another appellation ieacording td? tleil "Cporients-ae d d wo'ld :a'ot ,drag thKin King tthrogh ?cie mutd,' ifothyn' idsejiot eautyperpelletsnd aijo forthev whips and iscorns not ,timout. that the, be ddical, roe an inch another pokweno sin they' b' his dearlyect the " Ied" Prince Napoleon for Phllppochief. Thi allianco id one of"thi e a'yeairadditions to "o the see habitp of carryt of Princes." Tahe moderate Repsbians fiAnd, like ther Egyptians of,o I tlht their stregthe for the momintl ien mtaitting still. 'aot ) Thibehitity s 'i dctfitotc'think about is Royalists are' not at'ill 'foIs".- it t in certain hard wipter sterin1.hothceti-' proprtions. appellation hasrding hi' td thei susppod'enph- adb would 'norti c atio h and -theinn' icauhiitere blabig guns excepted Kion the grough' of econom y, and the peo ple .have li nlo alld' theingo on tcrping f retrenclnments possible. The r' It is not hugly rumor that the tai-gatls orr will inlay oinl s stripes witnathey hae selectand tno matter wPrce Napoleat form ofchigoveren,f. or pThis sibly none t nay be latestablished..ions toWe have desired to rid ourselves of the in mvder, aend mus payns forind, liktle tat harmed him away. Their strFive Mngthillinrd Polk" is very m initinvoe for tstill irty six misillious of people can dance to it, but it sends a shiver . through one, creates a sensation like what a? ?ersoin in consump tion must foons.l whe health has beto toasted. Yes, the hardships of the unsuing winter promise to be exceptionally severe; the nnisery cannot he nso sccespts ully disthegrosed of as the conholera, and the puree of Sir Richard thallacb does not after all eal that only: Fortnation, fwho havrno fsucceeigerd inP maussitan exceted-i isver res vented from bestowing, idpa tions and pgly rumors thatig good works. Ton hie stripes vit 'jut colobrated the matter what for Feast of Atment, or po hihly require a fasting and prayinhed.. for twhave desiredr to rid as well as of the sation froirll and.orldly callings. Wonder hwhit at harould hime tawae y. ect if oliticiallis were to try te very mffcts of a ippou for thi Mor especillyi thof peoplase of the towriter of the .latest pamlphlet . ' who .pro it sends at shivers. through: tue, crteates a world, as tiohat like which is aperniot, ins dead, an tmhat feehich isn-born, whi heaill ihas, been diately die." To their credit he it said, tlhe Jewsing abstain as a body ro polixceptional agi taully tions; some of a the ablest ers, ant the Paris journals' arsia ews, and embis er of that prsnssio? n occupy mork t . iportnt oicial positioa. ave il th lbrte th of their requolonits a cotinue to b?d i drawfo w-not doln t 'sihless xtactiois essatoin fin i all worldly call Paristh. ' Wonder what wfind ab teitporary ifronised Litin 'sre to France la porhaps rich in the wprtidditiof of all tateis .mporary. Sufl whnce, prhow everdly is the 'dg en of all thiit tribe, a bssthin very isecnthoy, over' Cathra tian worldty aeals to t which is, ancied it suc deass, dievote te all thoii reliiot bus ditiesid, th Jewish coloabstay is diviy fded nto somelitical ten or twolv se of tios, orablest wrilers; iren a methat mber dion, overy urivor s said to contribute thoe tousandth r lets quoth of of their cofuneraol expiionitd. If delined, the amoufint isa trrld tpo ary Penerrom relief. fad. In soum hloiirs ]azaino will' be placed onc ise trial,p ylich may last for dx or tieof all t aks. s t owr story iS s io rehw publerishd ii a popflali foii", wtribe is strug, very weay lthy, sider his hook tian ,most danising pinac' of ovidnce against him. The journals abounl in plans of battl-fiy appelds and maps of with s,.n the ca'pet-Moltkes doiDoustrate iii quite an tinguild for tat.if tgreat attentionl had devote to all thoirreligious dtutie. "The, donewish colo and avoided that, wome would have 1had tine 'remiclh anmy now quuiartered or twerl.ve sectLikons, orth two fair en a t br dies, wosevidencry survivuesor is said to so mut, will also cousandeml th pri soer ot of trtego l ti x skill .Itn is f rather too iuc to isexpt, that .in the treliefndo.s strgle oursng he nowpars, will' e plancd foreign, to report the tich may tlast for atix l prelvof weeks. Hill not story.its own Any tmoent after the.inditment his beook th readst da announcement tat tveo againsl has boo- The fournad gulty ma bo xpcted. battle-fields n verforgetaps thef urro .ng ap" obtained t aemonstratnse xquite ln, u!ls'lhiad by a journal of Empero a hadi doilia's ex, and avoided Quertaro, a wouthl before'it took pllsc. 'Isi itl the elhnges andhaed the Frenc th' ry now quarter ped 'litic ipart, no one cati: ever upbraid the iorkln f the trihbualk in their disposa .tion of juntic The trial isay be tedious 'or short, diret or evidence piqut t cill be soxhu wilvel alsod the judgIneht delioner soninid. SHlapoet ll p riches, is rathd kner too not o expect, that n her t y be well andous plied to theo late r. Nlaton, whto lueft prsoisnPariso willt to his soln, anid the readttrl annout yncement what isthe acued oliiittnd-pray romilounilioi the plon'; fiir it is rather a goodnlfashiuosn to do so, iniid sin serves to be gourtyd, .sm iallyb e expected. hart of mnv liko Nolatogi., wlo uurlsy nmo. from inigeice to ihoniors and woslth. Yolng Nulaton 'otoutelubtes ereatintg land updorUgy anl hospital fo' Iumperoablxs. Strisngedreillcistioi. tonaietilguihad mhne, vito was fspaoII for' ociiiig everybhady ludt coweri nild thlst the lilili uin bhe ruslplrel pInusls i fou id alids thie lireteydlern of el orn'lle enquire list ienul Rteocuiort dllhe with sall ahis fertune, lfoi ii the latter mouhs llno hi s sethntle cam ndr li lis inhp luoldnuitarv stab s, l lthing lise jtlo ifa hueruaehold adrniltro, all it broug-t was some 3000 francs, and the bxoutor of hi'i cetats avows that is all theo itnna of supoTiirt loft for his children. It is lin 3000 fr;ncs more than possess the tildren of tfaos duped Communists whoc l1ochbfort plshted to their natural tonr? m tion., It, is a common saying aloriig.thCoriikooplo thalmt no matter whether tile rovolutions they take part in be successful or otherwise, all they re coiro in any easo is the blows. Perhaps the richest and the most lucky man in Prance is tllhe Due d'Aumalo ; yet hIO is not at all popular; his ambition is to -be - second 'in Gaul. His wealth will go to the Comto.e do Paris in the natolasl course of things, who is not a millionaire. It has therefore been a fortunate occasion for the Count to be reinstated in the fnniily-Ca?atlof Amboise, famous irithis toly for the triumph of the Guises"over 'the "Daumb' Captain," the Prince of r'ond 6t'hd .whore decapitations'andhang 'iogs uiitinitddfor a miubith bfdb'r the castlend whereo f.ho. young . . ',ins hcotlect;heir attendants, and the, ladies -oftl' codrt wror daily 'sp ct.tor"'' A ollbrttiiiik ago'thd"Coiflto and' Comnteso ,e Paris visitcld this p?rdp'lgti aflor' jkilg restoredtotheini; iii avory.equit?U , an5?i r and.alone.'. :Not being known, the .house portoi .like ill such Ourboritses in -Franco, as tiido. "" The? Counit 'throw 'opon"tho windiowf .this dnillg iuons to a'lirnl r'ie landscape, and .rapecrpreil tto,. to .? a $, ,bytle portr;.-: The two visitora inspcted •other'portions of the building, and un.de ptinjg' ia?lisd through the 'qiriin-robin, when thporter brwlly called' tjipi't?ho C Woist:o'qsdp th 'sidow'. ; .TI?os hltter replied .col(ly,: `i sliall do so when I come to inhabit-the cristle in a fow'weekst" Tli?'prteir'vnai dismissed for his insoludht Sjl1i-iri:g iill"tclich is the histoiry '"f'theo A'ilo:Igo aboit the " poorcoqcidcr g 'havinu heen soet adrift, &c.; . .. :i& S.We:avoe;h/d another suicide withktlho rovbltet'r;- "bi' officer who:Was disgtq1 d with life;"ahftu6r diq lftlg0'a'f|ng a f ?Editkt wrproduce-that- feeling. The best way-of stopping tjtis uaunia now so tlch theo ,mode is 'fbr ?tle Prcss to pass over in silence the theatrical descriptions of the .v?ciit~ . r?itdn6 lntiorsting is.the account of-a poor manl who lost his affectionate wlfe'-tind-by" an' Ovidian metamorphosis believed himself changed into a weoping willow. BHe went about the streets: with a flower--lpoton lhis head, anntouitiong his transformation, 'Tis a .mad world, mny niaislrs:........ .......... Music is said' to be the most demo cratic, hence why flst and second fiddles, filfit:pliyos; porforin'ds un wiid' initnr itionta' in' gqnoral," assomble' into?A crt ittx by?etreot,.'liko Iaundryd-itiids; '"'o91l cads?hs"aiud bimkirs;'- t e lired' by' the i oraoday, or both. Tho.ounerOf: a -slop','riogsters' th boffers aid'-de mtands. A fair fiddler can' bld:tihati"t· ' rosin,hiss' bo?''fbi an evetning for three frai'di; btlt 'i` :iihng aganint would de ntand fifteon;'''' Aioitng the minor afflictions which Franco experiences is that:of her children d'f bbtht sxesili'id' gnotit'oidtihrn toachool after.their.lorig iacption. I do iiot know how the girls are appeased, but the boys seem to fret iii proportion to the tips they receive.'' ;A flv-ofrano piece has lost its power to assuage'i their grief. The students. ha'o ny reason "to rest and oe "tlh'ikfulj? towards the present :"o vernment? whliich contemplates abolish ing' ill thio healthly sehlblathes reforms' introdiicod and contemplatec' by 'the'inihistry of Thicrs, for diniinishing 'the hours' of 'study, increasing those for recreation, improving the daily bread, anld multiplying recohopensos. It is 'said- youth commences ini being Radical; how couhl any person expect youing France to give the faintest vitsa for Ifenri V. wwhen lhe is Issociated with the return to their aacien regimr t I The practice of requiring collegians to sketch a constitution for France as the subject of a prize essay is to be discontinued. It is found the practice reinsnin with them through life, anid in addition the Record Oti1eo is full of drafts of mudol conatita tions. We are to have when the exlhibition of very interesting Oriental curiosities closes, a show of all articles connected with babydom ; such as cradles and porambulators, fooding-b6ttles an`l-feet jars, lollypops and toys,' :quiiils ::'ind night-lights, soothling-syrups and oldithhig. Literature will not be neglected ;'front A. B, C.'s up to Cinderalla, Jackand the Bonn Stalk, aRd kiondred itnfantile glassica will find Ia local habitation. Depities are repiorted to'hb re~lboiring their intended speeches for' time forth conmingg'Asseomly, with their wives for an audience. It is hinted that no) a fe~ of the ropresgntatives will iri~co in the Chamber with' two or' tlireoi' dicourses, to suit circumstances; as thoughtful patriots acted dtirinig the Reign of Terror. 