To any of our unoccupied Tittorati who hare a turn i the visionary or spiritual, a fine opportunity for a spic did Ghost Story now presents itself, in the event th has lately occurred at Chiselhurst. The,restless api: hat was apparently laid tb rest there a few days ago c: scarcely bo expected to lie quiet when tho contine once moro gleans with bare sabres and glitterii bayonets j and tho farmers and peasantry of Chiselhui «nd its neighbourhood may 'again Bee tho long ni mournful procession winding its woy through the villa; from Camden House, and hear again the tolling of tl Í hell and tho roll of the muffled dram. But I thit ? it U in Germany that theso military ghosts do most flourish. It was KüKNEE, I helievo, who wrote, ai i iBupposo witnessed that awful "Midnight Eeview, I when the oHer Napoleon, rising with all his host fro I their graves, like tho nuns in HOBERT THE DEVIL, tl " Little Corporal" appeared in frost of tho lino, and Right down tho long battalions he cast lils glittering eye I I If I remember aright, this Phantom Army and ii ( leader had to skedaddle with-the first gleam of morn, o I the crowing of tho cook. However, the Bonaparte I havo a habit of revisiting the glimpses of tho mool ! and it is well-known that tho shade of the Great Nap« [ leon very frequently "hung out " amongst tho weet I inf willows above bis tomb on the Island of St Helena. ^ I quita agree with Mr. John Stewart-and I have no ' always that honour-that tho debate in which Mi ' Buchanan took so distinguished a part in the AssembI; [ the other evening was "prematuro." Mr. Stewar I made no other complaint of importance, on that brand Ï' of the subject, only ho seemed to think, from a militar; I point of view, that Mr, Buchanan's heavy Krupp'i > guns ought not to have been brought in before all thi ' light field artillery had been allowed full play, and hoc ; peppered the onomy pretty handsomely. There is mucl : sagacity as well as philosophy in this way of viowin£ , the matter. Shakapore says something aboul ? the time "after a well- graced actor quits thc î stage," ' and how all eyes aro fixed upon ; him who enters next ; ¡but in the present case people í may have been somewhat disappointed. After declaim' . ing, and calling upon the House to verify tho fact, thai ' the Premier never opened his mouth without lettings ; lie put of it, Mr. Buchanan might fairly be considered 'J to hare cut the ground from boneath those who were to . follow him in that lino of eloquence. In ono of the re ? ports of tho lato Presidential elections in tho United > States, I find that Mr. James M. Smith, the re-elected " Domocratic " Governor of Georgia, expressed in the ï following candid and vigorous terms his friendly feelings "..towards the existing President : .i I will uso any thing for tho purpose of beating Grant. If tho devil himself, coming up from the infernal regions, h smelling of brimstone, was a candidate for President under the present circumstances, I would take him rather than . taite Grant. 1This," says the Editor of Harper's Weekly; "'is strong language," and I am rather in -, «luted to believe him ; but wo are not very far ' behind-hand. When the Assembly got on tho i subject of drunken* magistrates, it was gratifying to \- find a high authority saying of one of thom that though '.he might get drunk, he was always " upright"- that is, I suppose, not at all subject to the "falling sickness." Ho did not deliver his magisterial judgments while ['reclining on a mattrass, with a glass of grog before him. rj,TVnile these things hore been going on, however, in the democratic atmosphere of the Lower Chamber, the iUppor Houso has been engaged in rowardiug vi rtue, by ? giving a voto of thanks to tho Hon. George Allen, for receiving between eight and nine thousand pounds of "public money during tho lost seventeen years, or some '.,thing like ¿850 for every time he took his seat as chair. V, man. Patriotism like this is worthy of tho garland ! j Mr. Cloments, or Mark Twain, has lately boen com. ing out in a now character-that of a geographical ..eiplorer, and ho claims to hare been himself tho man 1 who discovered Dr. Livingstone tho traveller, in Central .Africa, which d iscovcry he generously handed over to ^Mr. Stanley. Mark was invited to dinner in London by the Whitefriars' Club, and in tho course of a speech /gave tho following interesting account of his mooting ,:iwith Livingstone in Africa, "during a littleprivato '-"journey to the interior of that superior country :" li* "Jnatas.I found him," says Mr. Twain, "ho had been ii deserted by his niggers and geographers, nndall of his kind [ ctcept the gorillas; dejooted, miserable, famUhing-absolu [;tely famishing-but he was eloquent. Just a« I found him /"ka had eaten his last elephant, and he said to nie, ' God {knows whero I shall get another.' Ho had nothing to wear -except his venerable and honourable naval suit, and nothing 'te eat but lils diary. But I said to him, 'It is all right, I .'hare discovered you, and Stanles' will bo here by tho 4 o'clock ' train, and will discover you officially, and then wo will turn jto and have a rcg'lar good time.' I said, .'Cheer up, fnrStanloy íhas gotcorn, ammunition, glass beads, hymn-books, whisky, >vnndeverythlnc willoh the human heart can desire; he has igot all kinds of valuables. Including telegraph pole*, anda £few cart-loads of money. By this timo communlcitlon h is ''been made with thc land nf Bibles and civilization, and pro jiperty will advance.'" ^ Tho arrival of Stanley, and his gratitude at tho solf |Bacrificing generosity of Mr. Twain, must bo left to the |imaginations ; but wo-.nil know now .that, tho Doctor «was reinforced ia the Commissariat department before ' fho had any.rie'cssaity for cooking another elephant. I gseo that Mr.'Stanley is continuing his lectures and publishing .his book; and ns he has givoa evidences of Sluing a manjpf ha9ty temper, ho may not altogether |relish MarkVi'spoeunou of his adventures. "When tho phistory of-the_ renowned Biron Munchauzan was pub. tflished it was;"*' Humbly- dedicated to Mr. Bruce, the pAbysaiuUn ¿Traveller ¡" sot that 'African explorations iglavo always beon of a doubtful character, because1 it iSwas so ' difficult lo get people to go and look for them. % More " Carl murdors," or " assault*," or cases of a" aggravated manslaughter" hare,I perceive, boen sent to oar learned judges and intelligent juries for trial. In the case of "the fatal pugilistic oncountcr in Tasmania a case that called for tho most searching investigations and exemplary punishment-tho jury found a verdict of 'not guilty." ;A poor child haring been poisoned by swallowing croton oil, left in a place cosily accessible to it, the jury have mode on especial point of exempting tho parents from all blame. The dangerous"nuisance of the furious drivinsr of cabs, and not alono cabs but light furniture .carts and ; parcels- delivery vans, ' continues unabated, and will until the mauslaughtcrcra manage to crush some "illustrious victim." In Victoria tho famous " aggravated manslaughter " case has holped to turn courts of justice into a laughingstock ; and it must bo confessed that tho Judgo seoras rvs. blamoable M tho jury, for having received such » verdict, instead of sending the brilliant twelve back tb their iibom to ro oansider tho matter. . Thero . ave many-hundreds perhaps,-or thousands-in this country 'na well as tho oH, who havo long had unpleasant doubts of tho efficiency of trial:by jury - aid as l'hâve" noï yat 'quité got tq this frame, bf mind, and should not Uko ter eeo tho old test of Wager byLBattlb reverted to, I cannot but' ragrct the occurrence of anything calculated tóconfirm and increase tho well-founded' disgust that now oxists. a. As to tho street-driving," tho Btate of the case is in. g famous. . Wild Russians, never accustomed . to drivo I anything before but pigs to market with a string tied j to thou: tail, and. mero .children,'from ten to twolvo «years of age, aro allowed.to drive horses drawing Ï vehicles at a swinging trot through tho crowded streets of tho city whoro, in reality, .to do thom jus ico, they would bo utterly unable to chook tho animals evon <if the greatest danger arose, Tn other instances of pcrsooB engaged in occupations inroiving a risk of human life, som'o' Bort of examination ,and license ¿re considered necessary ; and why ahould it not bVso in this casoP 'i . . .n matter which is specially within tho Ijurir g «Ustión of tho Mayer and Aldermen ; nnd now thnt wo .§ nnT0 o new Chief Magistrate, and one who has tho rcpu p iation of being honestly désirions of doing his duly, it ia not unreasonable to hopo for soma chan RI in what ' believe to ho about the worst managed municipality, B far as public convenience ia concerned, in the whol world. Some reforms and improvements will naturall; suggest thorned vee here, without any necessity for mor especial reference '; but nmong3¿- abusos nctnally exist ing, arid which might easily ho remedied, are the frightf u yells, shrieks, grunts, and screams of thoslreet-lmwkcrs bawling out their wares in language totally unin telligihlc, nnd in a tono more resembling tbe wnr-whoo] ot' a Choctaw Indian than the harmless proclamation oj a vendor of fish or cabbages, ns, the case may bo. Ir London, with its throe millions of population, overj attempt is being made to suppress this intolerable nuisance ; and quite time, for two of the most popular artists of our day have been confessedly killed by it, namely, Leech and Maclise, who, after vain attempts to case their aching brains by removing to suburban resi- dences, had at last to succumb to this bellowing nuisance, and seek ia the grave for that peace which tho howling costcrmongers deni'A them hero. Do our aldermen think that there aro ns sensitivo brains in Sydney also P They may havo good reasons for such a belief, but they are not quite right. Tho screaming of tho 'bus hoys also, is a nuiaanco which could bc easily pnt down, and they would then attend to their business instead of to tho Bound of tlioir own sweet voices. One of Fennimoro Cooper's characters, heoring for the first time, a wild Indian war- whoop, claps his honda to his ears and asks: " Hits hell broko loose." And a similar question might be asked ia the streets of Sydney, at I some times of tho day. Como, Mr. Merriman, will you ' address yourself heartily and intelligently to thoso evilv and become worthy of being tho first Mayor of Sydney to whom the citizens erected a Btu tao ? Opposition yon may expect, but final succesi would be euro, and well worth a sturdy battle. Tho Anniversary holiday , tins been postponed until noxt Tuesday week, and wisely so, I think, as it will givo us nil time to find ont when this colony was really founded, and when Captain Cook was sent to Botany Bay-points npon which there seemed to bo considerable doubts in the Assembly on Thursday night. As to tho qnestion mentioned by Captain Onslow-whether th sun is ninety-one or ninety- fivo millions of milos from the earth. Whenever the Anaiveranry celebration does, come off no doubt many of the celebrants will, not long after SOL has passed the meridian, liare assumed a position most favourable for measuring his distance if they are supplied with the requisite instruments and refreshment. 