Harry Bloomfield ; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF AN EARLY AUSTRALIAN SQUATTER. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LINDIGO THE WHITE WOMAN." {The copyright of "Harry Bloomfield" has been purchased by the Proprietors of the Adelaide Observer.] CHAPTER XXXII. THE GOVERNOR'S BALL. The much-talked-of ball at length arrived, at which Her Majesty's new repre- sentative in Victoria the then élite of the colony. Much speculation had been indulged in of late in Melbourne as to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor would make on the public. His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his predecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the shape of purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portion of the community, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Government House. The ballroom was fitted out for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried out with taste and completeness. The ladies were dressed in a gorgeous and expensive style; but I was not a little proud to observe that the lovely Miss Graem excelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. The notice she attracted before she had long arrived was manifested among the group of gentlemen around me. "Who is she ?" said one. "My eyes, what a stunner !" exclaimed another. "What a glorious creature. Does anyone know her name ?" asked a third. "Ask Bloomfield there," remarked one of my acquaintances ; and an eager crowd at once gathered round me, pressing me for the wished-for information. I answered with assumed indifference — "All I know about the lady is that her name is Miss Graem, and that she is a Sydney native.'" "By jingo," said one, "I often heard of the beautiful Sydney natives, but until this moment had such proof." "Bloomfield is a lucky dog to be ac- quainted with such a rare beauty," whis- pered another. Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepped to one side with him. His first observation was— "Doesn't Winnie look well to-night, Bloomfield "" "She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, so that you mast look sharp after your prize." "I think you ought to assist me in the defence of the fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, for I would tire her by pressing my company too much; and besides, you are getting an immense favourite with her." "Poor Hamilton," I thought, "you are things not so deep in love matters as you are in legal; otherwise you would not rely so much on your friend's assistance." I felt for the moment a strong conviction that I was not dealing honestly with my friend. But, alas ! the conscientious scruple soon vanished when I found myself engaged with Winnie in the mazes of the exciting dance. Oh ! the delirium of those delicious moments as we whirled round the brilliantly-lighted hall. The consciousness that I was loved in return by the acknowledged belle of the ball, whose dazzling loveliness attracted so much attention, was sufficient to breakdown the barrier of reserve which I had con- structed for the sake of my friend Hamilton. I shall leave my case in the hands of a jury of bachelors, who may have found themselves whirling in the dance under cir- cumstances similar to my own. I conld not help acknowledging my love. Several times the image of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's eye; but remembering how cruelly she had deserted me, pride each time came to my relief. "Ah !" I thought, "would she were here now to see the charming creature that leans on my arm, and returns the affection which she has spurned." Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep- blue eyes which had kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice of the resemblance. I remember pausing for a few seconds to rest, and also to give my partner a better opportunity of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon my shoulder, while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood back out of the course of the dancers. I bent my face close to her ear, saying— "I shall be very proud, Winnie, of engaging the greatest beauty here this evening if she will only say the little word that my heart is yearning to hear." She blushed and bent down her eyes, as if shunning the gaze of some one behind, in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. "What do you say, lovely one ? Am I then mistaken in your affections ? For pity's sake, relieve me out of my misery." A gentle pressure of both her hands interrupted the protestation, and she whispered— "The lady behind will overhear. She is casting suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position a little in order to face a lady and gentleman who I knew were standing like ourselves out of the dance to rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs which had dashed upon me several times in the waltz. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me ? I was transfixed—unable to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but for her partner's assistance would have fallen. Her cheeks became very pale, and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while I stood where I had first seen her in a most perfect state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at me in utter astonishment, and her words, "Come into the air," brought me to my senses. "Willingly," I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throng of loungers. "Do you know who that lady is?" she enquired eagerly. "I think I do ; but I am not certain," I replied evasively. "I noticed her several times watching us during the waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. "She is not handsome, Winnie ; of that I am positive; but here comes your cousin, and he will find out who she is." When the question was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— "Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection of the Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the hand- somer, and opinion seemed to be divided. But I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the Governor. Why, what is the matter with you, Bloomfield? You look as if you had seen a ghost." After leaving Winnie with her mother, Hamilton and I stepped into the refreshment room. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and the fickleness of my fair one, I had never mentioned her name. How when he was apprised of the facts he manifested great surprise. That Miss Mowbray was still single confounded us, nor could we account for the mystery. "Why, she has repented, Bloomfield; you'll find that out yet. The fellow appears to be quite spooney about her, sticking to her like a leech since they entered the hall; but she does not seem to care very much for him." "What is he like, Hamilton? I was so Confounded that I never noticed his looks." "Why, I must confess he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as you are." Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering the room, amongst whom, waa the Colonial Treasurer, who came near me, saving with a significant smile— "Hello, Bloomfield, you must be in high favour here. The Governor's Private Secretary was enquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at the ball to- night, when I answered him in the affirmative. He was also enquiring about some other name which I forgot; but on hearing who you were he was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for one of these fine days." I guessed the reason of the Private Secretary's enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy the Treasurer on the subject. The reaction which suddenly took place in my feelings on beholding Edith Mowbray so unexpectedly was most extraordinary. Although I had wished her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of the beautiful Miss Graem and to see with what indifference I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, especially when I suspected that she had understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself qnite justified in my conduct and perfectly free. I debated with myself on the subject while returning to the ballroom, where I beheld the object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her company, or rather was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being about to begin the gentle- man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, approached me, introducing himself, and adding— "I have the pleasure of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to present her compliments, and ask that you will favour her with your company, as she has some news for you from your friends at home." I observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall when Stanley came to me with the message, and when I accepted the invitation he conducted me to a small apartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introducing me to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. Edith was standing in the centre of the floor, and approached me with a sad kind of smile, saying— "I am happy to see you, Mr. Bloomfield, after such a long separation. I hope you have been well since last I heard of you." "Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray ; you are welcome to Australia." "Thank you. Pray, take a seat; I have some news to tell you from home," she said, placing a chair for me, and taking one herself." "Home news is always acceptable to a colonist," I replied in the same cool and distant tone. She heaved a deep sigh, which she strove to conceal. "I did not imagine," she said, "when we parted in England many years ago that our meeting again would be so cold and reserved." "Neither did I, Miss Mowbray," I replied coldly ; "but time alters many things, it seems." A pause ensued, during which I for the first time that evening scanned the face of my companion as she sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. She was little changed since I had last seen her, except that from a girl she had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was of a much more pronounced character than in those old days. I was strnck when I heard her voice with its similarity to that of Edwin, her cousin, whom she resembled also in face. From some unknown cause she started several times at my voice as I spoke to her. "I suppose you have not heard as yet that your sister Rose, and my brother Alfred are married," she remarked in a trembling voice. "I had a letter a few days ago, intima- ting that the marriage would take place in a week from that date." "Then you have heard from Rose lately ?" she added, with seeming uneasiness. "Her letter was written after you left for London to join your aunt; but I never suspected that it was your relative who came as Governor here, for Rose never mentioned his name, but said he was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thence." "So he thought himself; but he was appointed for this colony at the last moment. Did Rose say any more about me?" she enquired timidly, "She did, and even enclosed me your note to her from London," I replied signi- ficantly, while I watched my companion's countenance. I perceived that she trembled at the words, and turned away her face. I judged that she was agitated, but con- sidered that she deserved the pain which was inflicted by the news. "Of course you thought the news in that letter extraordinary, and I may even say cruel." "I expect it is too late to talk about the subject now, so with yonr permission we will drop it," I replied coldly. "I dare say you are right. The subject is too painful to be introduced at our first meeting, and I expect you are impatient to get back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive me for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future Mrs. Bloomfield." "Not before Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley," I replied bitterly. "That will be never," Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising me very much. "But you have not mentioned the lady's name," she pursued. "I must confess she is one of the handsomest girls I ever beheld." "Her name is Miss Graem—a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable specimens of female beauty." "I fear she may get jealous at me detaining you, so we had better return to the ballroom. But before we part I must ask you to visit me some other day, as I have several things to say which our short interview at present forbids. I shall inform my aunt who you are, so that your company at Government House will be always accep- table." "Thank you, Miss Mowbray; I shall avail myself of your kind invitation on some future day. Are you engaged for the next waltz ? If not, may I have the pleasure of engaging you." "Undoubtedly for the sake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield." She took my arm, and we re-entered the ballroom just as a waltz was beginning. I saw Hamilton with his cousin walk away when Edith and I took our places on the floor. Thinking that Winnie was indisposed, when the dance was over I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that she was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting emotions. 