SISTERS OF MERCY ; OR POPERY AND POVERTY. By the late Rev. Dr. Hettierington. Professor of Divinity, Free Chunk College, Glasgow. "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy " This is a beautiful character istic of the subjects of the kingdom of Heaven, as declared by its heavenly King. And nowhere oil earth has mercy its natural home more truly than in the heart of woman, especially of a Christian woman. The kingdom of Antichrist is the exact counterpart of the kingdom of Heaven ; and the depth and subtlety of Papal Antichrist is shown in the marvellous skill with which it seizes on every true principle of grace or of nature, and so perverts and misapplies them as to render them instruments of evil, working ruin to mankind. Wc love to look on deeds of mercy, and we love them most when they are wrought by woman's gentle hand. Must we not, therefore, delight to see those females who move about among the abodes of tlie poor, as if on errands of benevolence, bearing the attractive title of "Sisters of Mercy ;" and must we not think well of tlie system which provides and employs such kindly visitors to alleviate human suffering ? Such is the design and expectation . of Popery ; and that she has been largely successful is but too evident from the praises bestowed 011 the " Sisters of Mercy," and similar agencies of the Nunnery system, by unreflecting and deluded Protestants. But let us inquire more closely into the - subject, and ascertain the true character and' consequences cf the system, _ even in this its- must attractive and seemingly benevolent aspect. The whole Papal theory respecting works of mercy rests upon the unscriptural principle, that such works arc works of merit, and that the persons who do them deserve the favour of God. Yet, what our Lord says is, that the merciful are blessed, because they shall obtain mercy. Their blessedness consists in what they receive, not in what they give. The very word niei'cy excludes the idea of. merit. Favour, approbation, love, are due to merit : but mercy- is shown in sparing the guilty. There is, therefore, both opposition to Scripture and self- contradiction in the Papal theory, that works of mercy are works of merit. But there is a gracious and holy harmony in the Scripture principle, that when God mercifully, through Christ, forgives men their trespasses. He teaches them also to forgive those who trespass against them — to be merciful because they have received mercy. Daily they become tho more fit recipients of God's daily mercy and abounding grace, and the more kindly diffusers of that mercy on all around them, like sweet flowers diffusing fragrance most when softened with the dews of heaven. All this the Papal theory reverses. The "Sisters of Mercy" are taught not to depend on God's undeserved mercy, but on their own good works. Their charitable deeds are done, neither from pity to the suffering nor from love to God, but as the price paid for salvation to themselves. The principle from which their works of mercy spring is self ; the result to which they tend is self-righteousness. It seeks neither good to mankind nor glory to God ; but a relief from guilty fears, and from dreaded purgatorial sufferings, and a self-righteous plea of merit, on which to claim admission to future happiness. As the aim of this system is inconsistent with grace, its plan is inconsistent with nature. Where love dwells, mercy has its home. Love dwells in the heart of woman, fitting her naturally for the loving and merciful duties of the mother and the nurse. But the "Sister of Mercy" must undergo a special training before she can be fit for her peculiar duties. She may be a high-born, cultivated, refined and delicate maiden, bright as a sunbeam, loving as a dove, gentle as a dewy violet, and glowing with the most sensitive emotions ; yet she must begin her course of training by abandoning her parents and her home, by yielding her whole being to the absolute will or another, and by assuming the plainest and even coarsest attire, which she must not change till it be worn to shreds and infested with vermin ; she must submit to the meanest drudgery, in the most menial offices ; she must toil beyond her strength, spent with fastings, and wateliings, and penances, till the fatigue and langour of exhausted nature have either seduced her to imbecility, incapable of thought, or will, or action of her own, or hardened her to unfeminine severity and sternness — qualifying her to become, in due time, a Lady Superior, a female tyrant, with artificially mild voice, but heart of stone and will of adamant. Then, in the former and most common case, when she has been reduced to a state of broken- hearted tranquillity, without mind or conscience, she is fitted to become a " Sister of Mercy." At tho command of her Superior, sho can put on her grave attire, and move about with silent step and ghost-like gliding motion, and pale cheek and downcast eye, among the dwellings of want, and immorality, and disease, bestowing there the alms which it is her mechanical function to convey. Poor wreck of crushed womanhood ! Her sunken eye brightens not with looks of. love; licr dead heart feels no throb of genial humanity ; no sympathy has she with a mother's joy, or an infant's crowing gladness ! Swathed up in her ascetic vows, she is a living mummy, holding in her open hand what has been put there as the price or her admission into heaven. She gives ; but not in mercy, or for mercy's sake. She gives ; — nay, she but barters her own crushed heart, and weary, woe-worn life and womanhood, for a delusive dream of future rest. And yet such victims of Papal cruelty and deceit are delusively designated " Sisters of Mercy !" But this is not all ; this is not even the worst effect of the system. There is no wisdom, no discrimination, no healthful influence in the charity so bestowed. On the contrary, en couragement is given to idleness, to improvidence, to the base spirit of lazy dependence, and to hypocrisy, in those who indolently trust to the regularly-offered alms. The inevitable tendancy is to produce and foster the very poverty which such charity pretends to relieve. The unhappy "Sisters of Mercy" cannot wish to see dependent poverty elevated to independent industry, for that would diminish their own source of traffic, wherewith to purchase heaven. Their superiors, especially the priesthood — their directors, — do not wish to see their idle dependents reduced in numbers, for that would diminish their popular influence. The poor themselves have no wish for a higher condition, for they are kept in ignorance, poverty, dependence, and submissiveness to a system which at once flatters, and fosters, and degrades them. Social ruin is the inevitable consequence of such a system. The truth of this has been, and is, abundantly proved by facts. Why is not Naples, but every city of Italy, so fearfully overrun with crowds of Lazzaroni ? Why is beggary so prevalent throughout all the Papal countries of Europe? Why is the Popish peasantry of Ireland so deeply sunk in poverty ? Because in all these cases the populace have been trained to depend, not on their own energies and industry, but on the misnamed and blighting charity of the Conventual system. History has illustrated this truth. When the Monasteries and Nunneries were suddenly abolished in England, at the time of the Reformation, vast multitudes of their idle dependents were at once thrown on the nation, ignorant, unaccustomed to work, and exposed to starvation. This was prevented by the institution of that unwise poor-law, under which England still groans. The system of education then instituted in Scotland trained her poor to intelligent industry, and saved her for centuries from that oppressive burden. But Ireland's Conventual system fosters Irish poverty, and pours it like a wasting inundation into Britain, tending to reduce our own labouring classes to similar degradation and misery. Such is the result of that system, deceptively administered by the deluded and deluding " Sisters of Mercy." Protestant women of Britain ! You alone can be true Sisters of Mercy ! You, whose hearts are full of experienced love and mercy both of grace and nature, — of nature, cherished in your own households, and among the sweet humanities of parental and filial love, — and of grace, which teaches you that, having received mercy through the merits of the adored Redeemer alone, it is equally your duty and your delight to imitate the example, and to follow the steps of Him who went about doing good. Be true Sisters of Gospel Mercy. Comfort tho suffering poor ; instruct the ignorant ; rouse the indolent to active, honest industry ; so shall your true mercy, bestowed in scriptural wisdom, be doubly blessed ; in those who give and those who receive, to the welfare of mankind, and to the glory of God and His redeeming grace. 