Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTURE. BT THB AITTH0EE8S OF ' IADT ATOLEY'8 8ECEET,' fte. rrhi right ol publication has t-een purchased by the proprietor! ?*- «f the Sydney Mail.} BOOK HL-^CHAPTER XX. Lucille Makes a New Fbiend. Thb sun shone on the lovers' journey. It was almost ? the happiest day in the lives ot either ; certainly the happiest day these two had ever spent together. To Lucille, after perpetual imprisonment in the Shadrack Jtoad, those green fields and autumnal woods seemed ?unutterably beautiful— the winding river— the chang- , ing Bhadows on the hill-side — the villages nestling in -verdant hollows. ' .nuvv uau any uuc uvcui uiruuuu ? otxc GAviaiuicu., -with natural wonder, the only London she knew being eo dreary and dingy a scene. The judicious administration of half-a-crown. on Lucius'* part had procured the lovers a compartment to themselves. He was anxious to ask those questions -which he had meant to ask last night, when the con versation had taken so unexpected a turn. ' Lucille,' he began, plunging at once to the heart of his subject, 'I want you to grant that request I made last night. I am not going to speak of Ferdi nand Sivewright ; put him out of your thoughts alto gether, as some one who has no further influence upon your fate. I want you to tell me your first impres sions of life, before you went to Bond-street. Forgive zne, dearest, if I ask you to recall memories that may pain you. I have a strong reason for wishing you to answer me.' ' You might tell me the reason, Lucius.' ' I will tell you some day.' ' I suppose I must be content with that,' she said ; and then went on thoughtfully, ' My first memories, my first impressions i I think my first recollection is of the sea.' ' You lived within sight of the sea, then ? ' 'Yes. lean just remember— almost as faintly as if it were a dream — being lifted up in my nurse's arms, in an orchard on a hill, to look at the sea. There it lay before us, wide and blue and bright. I wanted to ? jay to it.' ' Can you remember your nurse ? ' 'I know she wore a high white cap and no bonnet, and spoke a language that I never heard after I came to Bond- street— a language with a curious twang. I daresay it was some French patois.' ' Very likely. And your mother, Lucille ? Have you no recollection of her ? ' ' No recollection ! ' cried the girl, her eyes filling -with tears. ' Why, I have cherished the memory of her face all my life ; it was something too sacred to speak of, even to you. She is the sweetest memory of those happy days— a face that bent over my bed every morning when I awoke — a face that watched me every night when I fell asleep ; and I never remember falling v asleep except in her arms. It is all dim and dreamlike sow, but so sweet, so sweet ! ' ' I&ihat; anything like the face ? ' asked Lucius, chowuig her the miniature. ?? Yec, it is the very face ! ' she cried, tearfully kiss ing it. ' Where did you get this portrait, Lucius ? ' ' Your grandfather gave it to me.' ' What, he had that miniature in his possession all theme years, and never let me see it ! How vnkind!' ' He might have feared to awaken sorrowful snemorieB.' ' As if they had ever slept. Will you give me this picture, Lucius ? ' ' Not yet, dearest. I have a reason for wishing to Tetain it a little while longer; but I fully recognise -your right to possess it.' ' It is a double miniature,' said Lucille, turning it sound. ' Whose is the other portrait ? ' ' Have you no recollection of that face ? ' ' No ; I can recall no face but my mother's — not ?even my nurse's. I only remember her tall white cap, and her big rough hands.' ' You remember no gentleman in that home by the ©ear' 'Not distinctly. There was some one who was always taking mamma out in a carriage, leaving me to ?cry for her. That gentleman must have been my -father, I suppose, yet my vague recollection of the face seems different. I remember being, told to kiss him one night, and refusing because he always took mamma ?away from me.' ' Were you happy ? ' ' O yes, very happy, though I cried when mamma left me. My nurse was kind. I remember long sunny ?days in the orchard on that hill, with the bright blue ;sea before us, and a house with a thatched verandah, and a parlour full of all kinds of pretty things— boxes ?and baskets and picture-books— and mamma's guitar. €he used to sing every night to the accompaniment of ?the guitar. We lived near the top of a high Mil — very ''high and steep— higher than any hills we have passed to- day.' *? Is that all you can tell me, Lucille ? ' ' I think so. The life seemed to melt away like a ?dream. I can't remember the end of it. If my mother 'died in that house on the hill, I can remember .no circumstance connected with her death — no illness, so funeral. My last recollection of her is being clasped in her arms— of feeling her tears and kisses ?on my face. Then came a long, long journey with any father. I was very tired, but he was kind to me, and held me in his arms while I slept ; and one ixaorning I woke to find myself in the gloomy-looking bedroom in Bond-street. I began to cry, and Mrs. 'Wincher came to me ; and soon after that some one -told me that my mother was dead, I think it was .grandpapa.' 'Poor child! poor lonely deserted child!' said Lucius. 'Not deserted, Lucius. My mother would never lave abandoned me while she lived.' - ' Enough, dearest ! You have told me much that may help me to a discovery I am anxious to make.' . ' What discovery ?' 'I must ask you to he patient, dear. You shall Itnow all before long.' 'I have had some practice in patience, Lucius, and to-day I am too happy to complain. Do you think your sister will like me!' ' It. is not possible she can do otherwise. I ' cent her a telegram this morning telling her to ex pect us.' 'She will be at the station to meet us, perhaps,' *aid Lucille, with an alarmed loo ' It is just possible that she may.' ' O, Lucius, I begin to feel nervous. la your sister a person who takes violent likings and dislikings at first sight?' ' No, dear. My sister has some claim to be con » sidered sensible.' ; 41 But she is not dreadfully sensible, I hope ; for . in that case she. might think me fooliBh and empty i headed.' 'I will answer for her thinking no such thing.' ?? Can you really, Lucius ? But is she like you ?'' ' She is much better-looking than I am.' ??As if that were possible,' said Lucille, archly. ' In your eyes of course it is not.' * » ' Mrs. Bertram is a widow, is she not ? ' asked Lucille. ' Piay don't think me inquisitive ; only you have told me so little, and I might make some awk- ' ward mistake in talking to your sister.' ' She is not a widow ; but she is separated from her husband, who is a scoundrel.' -- ' I am so sorry.' . -' ? '*' 'Yes, dear; her life, since girlhood, has been a sad one. She made that one fatal 'mistake by which a woman can mar her existence — an unhappy mar liege.' ' I shall be careful never to mention Mr. Bertram. Indeed, we shall have an inexhaustible subject of con versation in you.' ' You will soon wear that topic threadbare. After : all, there is not often much interest in the childhood of great men. Here we are at the station.' ' How short the journey has seemed ! ' , said. Lucille. ' And yet we have been three hours on the road. Think of it as typical of our life journey, dearest, which will seem only too brief if we but travel to gether.' ' ??-' The station was the most insignificant place in the world ; yet all,the great folks who went to Marden holme had to alight here. Foxley Road was the name of the station, but Foxley itself was a lsng way off, so far that the designation seemed intended to deceive. There was a stunted omnibus to meet the train, labelled Mardenholme and Foxley— Foxley was the name of that obscure spot where Geoffrey Hbssack had found his lost love — but not in the stunted omnibus was Lucille to travel to her destination. Janet and Janet's little girl were there to meet her in a waggonette bor rowed for the occasion, and driven by an ancient man in knee-breeches, whose garments, though clean and tidy* diffused a faint odour of pigs. Before Lucille had time to wonder how Janet would receive her, she found herself in Janet's arms. 'lam prepared to love you very dearly for my brother's sake and for your own,' said Janet, with a calm protecting air, kissing the poor little pale face. ' I thought you'd like me to be here to meet you and Lucille, Lucius; so I borrowed a neighbour's waggon ette and a neighbour's coachman.' The piggy man grinned at the allusion. It was- not often society dignified him with the name of coach man ; and he knew that his master returned him in the tax-paper as an out-of-door labourer. Little Flossie was next kissed and admired, and introduced to her future aunt. 'May I call you Aunt Lucille at once?' she asked. ?' Of course you may, darling.' Lucille' s portmanteau waB deposited by the side of the piggy man, and they all mounted the waggonette, and drove off through lanes still gay with wild flowers and rich with balmy odours even in the very death of Bummer. Lucille was delighted with every thing. ' You can't imagine what a quiet corner of the earth you are coming to,' said Janet. ' I'm afraid you'll find it very dull.' 'Not duller than Cedar House,' interjected Lucius. ' And that you'll soon grow tired of the place and of me.' ' Dull with you ! tired of you ! ' exclaimed Lucille, putting her little hand into Janet's, ' when I have been longing to know you.' Half- an-hour's drive in the jolting old waggonette brought them to Tilney Royal, the cluster of thatched cottages in the green hollow where Geoffrey had dis covered his lost love. Dahlias now bloomed in gaudy variety to extinguish the few pale roses that lingered behind their mates jn the garden, like dissipated young beauties who stay latest at a ball. There were even here and there early blooming china- aBters, and the Virginian creeper was reddening on some cottage walls. Yet, despite these evidences of advancing autumn, the spot was hardly less fair than when G eoflrey had first seen it. There was that air of repose about tbe scene, that soothing influence of placid dis passionate nature, which is almost sweeter than actual beauty. No wide glory of landscape made the travel ler exclaim, no vast and various amphitheatre of wood and hill startled him into , wondering admiration. ; but the settled peacefulness of the scene crept into his heart, and comforted his griefs. To the eyes of Lucille, fresh from the grimy barren ness of the Cedar HouBe garden, the spot seemed simply exquisite. What a perfume of clove carna tions in the garden ! what a sweet scent of lavender in the little white-curtained bedroom ! And then how genial the welcome of the old nurse, with her benevolent-looking mob-cap and starched white apron; and what an interesting personage she appeared to Lucille ! ' And you really remember Mr. Dayoren when he was quite a little boy?' said Lucille, as the dame waited on her while she took off her bonnet. ' Remember him ! ^should think I did indeed, miss,' exclaimed the dame. ' I remember him so well as a boy, that it's as much as I can do to believe he can have growed into a man. * Can it really be him,' I says to myself when I sees him. come in at that gate just now, him as I remember inholland pinafores, two freBh ones every day, and never clean half-an-hour, after they were put on ? ' 'Did he dirty Mb pinafores very much?' asked Lucille, with a slight revulsion of feeling. Lucius; ought to have been an ideal boy, and spotless as to his pinafores. ' There never was such a pickle, miss ; but so kind and loving with it all, and so bold and open. Never no fibbing with Mm. And many a pound he's -sent me since I've lived here, though I don't supoose he's got too many of 'em for hisself, bless his kind heart.' ? . Lucille rewarded the lips that praised her lover with a kiss. , ' What a dear good soul you are ! ' she said. ' I'm so happy to have come here.' 'Yes, you'll be happy with our Miss Janet, beg ging her pardon ; but never having seen Mr. Bertram, I havn't got him in my mind like when I think of her. You're sure to take to Miss Janet. She's a little proud and high in her ways to strangers, but she has as good a heart as her brother.' A nice little dinner had been prepared for the travellers. Lucius would have only just time to eat it, and then return to the station, in order to be back in time for the Newhaven train from. London Bridge. It would be * hard day's work for him altogether ; but what was that when weighed against the pleasure of having ' brought those two together thus — the sister he loved and had once deemed lost, and the girl who was to be his wife. The parting cost them all a pang, though he pro mised to come back in a week, if all went well with him, and fetch Lucille. ? ? -; 'I could not stay away from my grandfather longer than that, Lucius,' she said ; ' and,' in a lower tone, ' it will seem a very long time to be sepa rated from you.' BOOK THE LAST.— CHAPTER L At Rotten. It was still quite early in the day when Lucius entered Rouen, but the bustle of commerce had begun upon the quays. Shrill voices bawled to each other among the shipping, and it seemed as if a email slice of the W-8t India Docks had been transferred to this bluer stream. The bustle of business here was a very small matter compared with the press and clamour of the Shadrack Basin district. Still the town had a prosperous progressive air. Lofty stone-fronted, mansions and lofty stone-fronted warehouses glared wMtely in tbe sunshine, eome finished and occupied, but more in process of construction. This mushroom growth of modern commerce seemed to have risen all at once, to overshadow the quaint old city where the wanior-maid was martyred. Lucius, who had not seen the place for some years, looked round him aghast. This broad lime-white boulevard, these tall limeVwhite buildings, were as new as Aladdin's palace. ; ? , . ' What has become of my Rouen r ' he asked him self dejectedly. The city had pleased him five years ago, when he and Geoffrey passed through it during ' a long-vacation excursion, but the queer old gabled houses, older than the Fronde— nay, many of $hem ancient as the famous Joan herself— the archways, the curious nooks and corners, the narrow streets and inconvenient footways, in a word, all that had made the city at once delightful to the tourist and unwhole some for its inhabitants, seemed to be extinguished by those new boulevards and huge houses. A quarter of an hour's exploration, however, showed Lucius that much that was interesting in his Rouen still remained. There was the narrow street and its famous sweetmeat shops, once the chief thoroughfare ; yonder the noble old cathedral ; there St. Ouen, that grandest and purest of Gothic churches. Modern improvement had net touched' these, save to renovate their olden splendour. The traveller did not even stop to refresh himself, but went straight to the Rue Jeanne d'Arques, a narrow quiet 6treet in an out-of-the-way corner, behind the Palais de Justice ; so quiet, indeed, that it was difficult to imagine, in the grey stillness of this retreat, that the busy, prosperous, Napleonised or Haufsmanised city was near at hand. The street was as clean as it was dull, and had a peculiar neatness of aspect, wMch is, as it were the seal of respectability. A large white Angora cat purred upon one of the doorsteps— a canary chirped in an open window — a pair of mirrors attached to the sides of another casement, in the Belgian fashion, denoted that there were; some observing eyes which did not deem even the scanty traffic of the Rue Jeanne d'ArqueB beneath their notice. Most of the houses were in private occupation, but there were two or three shops — one a lace shop, another a watch maker's, and the watchmaker's was next door to No. 17. Lucius crossed to the opposite side of the way and inspected this No. 17 — the house from which Madame Dumarques, Lucille' s mother, had written to Ferdi nand Sivewright. It had no originality in its physi ognomy. Like the rest of the houses in the street, it was dull and clean — like them it looked eminently re spectable. It inspired no curiosity in the observer it suggested no mystery hidden among its inhabitants. Should he pull that brightly-polished brass knob and Bummon the porter or portress, and ask to see the present inmates of No. 17 ? There might be two ot three different families in the house, though it was not large. His eye wandered to the watchmaker's next door. A shop is neutral ground, and a watch maker's trade is leisurely, and inclines its practitioners to a mild indulgence in gossiping. The watchmaker would in all probability know a good deal about No. 1 7, its occupants past and present. . ; Lucius recrossed the street and entered the watch maker's shop. He was pleased to find that mecha nician seated before the window examining the intes tines of a chronometer through a magnifying glass, but with no appearance of being pressed for time. He was old and grey and small, with a patient ex pression which promised good nature even towards a stranger. Lucius gave a conciliatory cough and wished him good-moming, a salutation which the watchmaker returned with brisk politeness. He gave a sigh of relief and laid down the chronometer, as if he were rather glad to be done with it for a little while. ' I regret to say that I do not come as a customer,' said Lucius. The watchmaker, shrugged Ms shoul ders and smiled, as who should say, ' Fate does not always favour me.' ' I come rather to ask your kindly assistance in' my search for information about some people who may be dead long ago, for anything I know to the contrary. Have you lived any length of time in this street, sir ! ' ' I have lived in this street all the time that I have lived at all, sir,' replied the watchmaker. ' I was born in this house, and my father was born here be fore me. There is a little notch in yonder door which indicates my height at five years old ; my father cut it in all the pride of d paternal heart, my mother look ing on -with maternal love. My after-growth did not -realise the promise of that period.' Lucius tried to look interested in this small do mestic episode, but failed somewhat in the endeavour ; so eager was he to question the watchmaker about the subject he had at heart. ' Did you. ever hear the name of Dumarques in this street ?' he asked. ' Did I ever hear my own name ? ' exclaimed the watchmaker. ' One is not more familiar to me than the other. You mean .the Dumarques who lived next door.' ' Yes, yes— are they there still ? ' . ' They ! They are' dead. It is not every one who lives to the age of Voltaire.' ' Are they all dead r ' asked Lucius, disheartened. It seemed strange that an entire family should be swept away within fifteen years. ' Well, no ; I believe Julie Dumarques is still living. But she left Rouen some years ago.' ' Do jrou know where she has gone ! ' ' She went to Paris ; but as to her address in Paris —no, I do not know that. But if be vital to you to learn it — ' . ' ' It is vital to me.' ' I might poBsibly put you in the way of obtaining the information, or procure it for you.' - ,- ' I shall be most grateful if you can do me that favour. Any trifling recompense wMch I can offer you—' ' Sir. I require no reward beyond the consciousness of having performed a worthy action. I am a disciple of Jean Jacques Rousseau; I live entirely on vege table diet ; and 1 endeavour to assist . my fellow creatures.' ' I thank you, 6ir, for your disinterested kindness. And now perhaps you will lay me under a farther obligation by telling me all you can about these neighbours of yours.'.' ?? Willingly, sir.' ' Were they tradespeople, or what, these Du marques.' ' Wait a little, sir, and I will tell you everything.' said. Monsieur Gastin, the little watchmaker. He ushered Lucius into a neat little sitting-room, which ijjwas evidently also his bedchamber, installed him in an armchair covered with bright yellow velvet, took a second yellow- velvet chair for himself, clasped Ms bony hands upon rhis angular knee, and began his story.' Through the half-glass door he commanded an admirable view of Mb shop, and was^eadyto* spring up at any moment, should a customer invite his attention. ' Old Andre Dumarques, the father, had been in the cotton, trade, when the cotton trade, like almost every other trade, was a great deal better than it u now. He had made a little money— not yery much, but just enough to afford Mm, when judiciously in vested,. an income that he could manage to lire upon. Another man with a family like his might not have been able to live upon Andre Dumarques* income ; ? but he was a man of penurious habits, and could make five-and-twenty centimes go as far as half a franc with most people. He had married late in, life, and his wife was a good deal too young and too pretty for him, and the neighbours did not fail to talk; as people do talk amongst our lively nation, about such matters. But Madame Dumarques mi a good woman, and though everyone knew prettyjwel^r-r- — ^ that hers wasn't a happy marriage, still no naqie- e^er^ l 'U W came of it. She did her duty, and slaved hsraelTto ?( '-'^~4H death to make both ends meet, and keep her houses , ,'£';- neat and clean. Number seventeen was a model to ,f' i^ /~ the rest of the street in those days, I can assure tafc'w ??'?- .7.1.' ' She slaved herself to death, you say, sir r ^hat.-^ '_ ^ ;V dees that mean ? ' inquired Lucius. ' - ,? rj?~v' ' It means that she became poitrinaire when her -?'-?'— youngest daughter — she had three daughters, but no son — was fifteen years old, and as pretty as her mother at the same age. Everybody had seen the poor woman fading gradually for the last six years, except her husband. He saw nothing; till the stamp of death was on her face, and then he went on like a madman. He spent Ms money freely enough then — had a doctor from Paris even to see her, because he wouldn't believe the Rouen doctors when they told him his wife couldn't live — and would have sacrificed anything to save her ; but it was too late. A little reBt and a little pleasure might have length ened her life if she'd had it in time ; but nothing could save her now. She died : and I shall never forget old Andre's face when I saw him coming out of his house the day after her funeral.' ' He had been fond of her, then r ' ' Yes, in his selfish way. He had treated her like a servant, and worse than any servant in a free country would submit .to be treated, and he had ex pected her to wear, like a machine. He had always been hard and tyrannical, and his grief, instead of softening him, changed him for the worse. He made his children's home so wretched that two of his daughters— Julie and Felicie — went out to service. Their poor mother had taught them all she could; for Andre Dumarques vowed he wouldn't waste -his money on paying for his daughters to be made fine ladies.. She had been educated at the Sacre Coeur, and was quite a lady. She taught them a good deal ; but still people said they weren' t accomplished enough, to be governesses, so they got situations as lady's maids, or humble companions, or something in that way.', ?' Was Felicie the youngest r ' ' YeB, and the prettiest. She was the image of her mother. The others had too much of the father in them— thin lips, cold grey eyes, sharp, noses. She was all life and sparkle and prettiness ; too pretty to go out into the world among strangers at sixteen years old.' \- ' Did she begin .the world so young ? ' ' She did. The neighbours wondered that the father should let her go. I, who knew Mm, it may be, better than most people, for he made no friends, ventured to say as much. ' That is too pretty a flower to be planted in a stranger's garden/ said I. Andre* Dumarques shrugged Mb shoulders. ' What would you ? ' he asked. ? My children must work for their living. I am too poor to keep them in idle ness.' In effect, since Ms wife's death Dumarques had become a miser. He had been always mean. He had now but one desire ; and that was to hoard Ms money.' - . 'Do you know to whom Felicie went, when she began the world f ' ' The poor child '.—no, not precisely ; not as to name and place. But it .was to an English lady she went— I heard as much as that ; for, as I said just now, Dumarques spoke- more .freely to me than to others. An elderly English lady, an invalid, was passing through Rouen with her brother, also elderly and English — she a maiden lady, he a bachelor. The lady's. maid had fallen ill on the journey. .They had been travelling in Italy, Switzerland, heaven knows where, and the lady was in sore want of an attend ant ; but she would have ne common person, no peasant girl who talked loud and ate garlic ; she must have a young person of some refinement, con versable—in brief, almost a lady. Her brother ap plied to the master of the hotel. The master of the hotel knew something of Andre Dumarques, and knew that he wanted to find situations for his daugh ters. ' I have the very thing at the endB of my fingers,'' he said, and sent his porter upon the spot ?with a note to MohBieur Dumarques, asking him to bring one of his daughters. Felicie had been pining ever since her mother's death. She was most anxious to leave her home. She accompanied her father to the hotel. The old lady saw her, was delighted with her, and engaged her on the spot. That was how Felicie left Rouen.' ' Did you ever see her again 5 ' ' Yes, and how sorely changed ! It was at least six years afterwards ; and I had almost forgotten that poor child's existence. Andre Dumarques was dead ; he had died leaving a nice little fortune behind Mm, — the fruit of deprivations that must have rendered. Mb life a burden, poor man, — and his .eldest daugh ter, Hortense; kept the house. Julie had also gone into service soon after Felicie left home. Hortense had kept her father's house ever since her mother's death. She kept it still, though there was now no father for whom toieep it. She' must have been very lonely, and though the house was a picture of neatness, it had a melancholy air. Mademoiselle Dumarques kept three or four cats, and one old servant who had been in the family for years; no one ever remembered her being young, not even I, who approach the age of my great countryman, Voltaire.' --'? 'And she came back— F^licie ? ' asked^Licius, somewhat exercised in spirit by the watchmaker's longueurs.. 'She came back ; but, ah, how changed! It was more like the return of a ghost from the grave than of that bright creature I remembered six 'years before. I have no curiosity ahout my neighbours; and though I love my fellow creatures in tbe abstract, I rarely trouble myself about particular members of my race, unless they make some direct appeal to my sympathy. Thus, had I been left to myself, I might have remained for an indefinite period unaware of . Felicie's return. But I have a housekeeper who' has the faults as well as the merits of her sex. While' I devote my leisure to those classic writers who have rendered my native land illustrious, she, worthy soul, gives her mind to the soup|and jthe affairs of her neighbours. One morning, after an autumnal night of wind and rain— a night upon which a humanitarian, mind would hardly have refused shelter to a strange cur— my housekeeper handed me my 'omelet and poured out my wine with a more important sir than usual; and I knew that she was bursting to tell me something about my neighbours. The omelet, in the' preparation of which she is usually care itself, was even a trifle burned.' \\-J ' ' ' * ' I hope youallDwed her to relieve hK tnind;'; ' Yes, sir ; I indulged {he simple ^cr^ture. You may hear her at this, moment, in the little courtwith out yonder window, singing as1She'w6rks,jn6)c melo dious but cheerful.' : -:vSib -:v ????- w* ' ? ? \\- ,. ? ? 'Wr-'-v; ?- ... .; .~^j-* ??' ' ?' .' :?? ' ' ???'? :..;:.-.* si«.li% rf - -.„ ? ? '. This was in attmion to a monotonous twanging noise, something between the Irish bagpipes and a Jew's-harp, -which broke the placid stillness of the Rue Jeanne d'Arques. *? * Well, Harthon,' I said in my friendly way, ' what has happened ? ' She burst forth at once like a torrent. * Figure to yourself then,' she exclaimed, j * that any one — a human being— would travel on such a night as last night. You might hare waded ankle ~ deep upon the pavement.' * People must travel in all weathers, my good Marthwi,' I replied philosophi cally. I had sot been obliged to go out myself during the storm of the preceding evening, and was therefore able to approach the subject in- a calmly contemplative frame of mind. Marthon shrugged her j shoulders, and nodded her head vehemently, till her earrings jingled again. ' But a woman, then ! ' she . , cried; * a young and beautiful woman, for instance ! ' j This gave new interest to the subject. My philan thropy was at once aroused. « A young and beau tiful woman out in the storm last night 2 ' I exclaimed. 'She applied for shelter here, perhaps, and you ! aeeorded her request, and now fear that I shall disapprove. W***™, I forgive you. Let me see this child of misfortune.' I was prepared to ad minister consolation to the homeless wanderer, in the broadly Christian spirit of the divine Jean Jacques Rousseau; but 'Marthon began to shake her head with incredible energy, and in effect, after much cir cumlocution on her jtart, for she is of a loquacious disposition, I obtained the following plain statement ' of facts.' Here the little watchmaker, proud of his happy knack of rounding a period, looked at Lucius for admiration ; but seeing impatience rather than ap proval indicated in his visitor's countenance, he gave a brief sigh, inwardly denounced the unsympathetic temperament of the English generally, coughed, stretched out his neat little legs upon the yellow velvet footstool, stuck his thumbs in the armholes of his waistcoat, and continued thus : — 'Briefly, sir, Fdlide Bumarques had returned. She had arrived during that 'pitiless storm in a fiacre from the station, with luggage. My housekeeper had heard the vehicle stop, and had run to the door in time to see the traveller alight and enter the next house. She had seen Fllicie'B face by the light of the street-lamp, which, as you may have observed, is near my door, and she tola me now sadly the poor girl was changed. ' She looks as her mother did a year or two before she died/ said Marthon. ' Her . cheeks are thin, and there is a feverish spot of colour on them, and her eyes are too bright. They have made her work too hard in her situation. She was evidently not expected last night, for the servant gave a scream when she saw her, and seemed quite overcome with surprise. Then Mademoiselle Dumar ques came 'down,, and I nt the sisters embrace. 'Feiiciei'said Hortense. 'Thou art like the dead risen from the grave ! ' ' And then the door shut, and my housekeeper heard no more.' ' You saw Feiicie yourself, I suppose, after wards?' ' Yes. She passed my door now and then ; but rarely, for she seldom went out. Sometimes I used to run out and speak to her. I had known her from her.cradle, remember, and she had always seemed to like me in the dayB when she was bright and gay. Now she had an air that was at once listless and anxious, as if the had no interest in her present life, but was waiting for something— sometimes hoping, sometimes fearing, and never happy. She would fepeik to-me in the old sweet voice that I knew so well — her mother's voice ; but she rarely smiled, and if ever she did, the smile was almost sadder than tears. Every time I saw her I saw a change for the worse ; and I felt that she had begun that journey we must all take some day, even if we live to the age ot the immortal Voltaire.' 1 ' 'Did any one ever come to see her — a gentleman— an Englishman?' inquired Lucius. '? Ah,' cried the watchmaker, ' I see you know her history better than I. Yes, an English gentleman did visit her. It was nearly a year after her return th^t . he came, in the middle of summer.* He Stayed a week at the hotel, the same to which Felicie' went to ; see the English lady with whom she left lUueu. This gentleman used to spend most of his time next door, and he and Felicie Dumarques drove about in a hired carriage ' together to different places in the j neighbourhood, and for the first time since her return I saw Felicie with a happy look .on her face. But there was, the stamp of death there too, cleat and' plain enough for any eyes that could read; and I think the Englishman must have seen it as' well as I. Marthon 'contrived to find out all that happened next door. She told me that a grand physician had \ come from Paris, to see Felicie pumarques, and had ordered a new treatment, which was to cure her. And then I regret to say that Marthon, who has a wicked tongue,l-egan to say injurious things about our neighbours,' I stopped her at once, forbidding her to utter a word to the discredit of Felicie Dumar- ' ques, and a short time after Marthon came to me] once more full of importance, to say that I was right and Felicie was an honest woman. The old servant next door had told my housekeeper that the English* gentleman was Felicie's husband. They had been; married in England, but they were obliged to keep, their marriage a secret, on Account of the English-' man's uncle, who would disinherit him if he knew hia' . nephew , bad married a lady's maid ; for this gentle man was nephew of the invalid lady who had taken; Felicie away.' , ' I begin to understand,' said Lucius, and then, producing the double miniature, he showed the watch . maker the two portraits. *fla either of those faces familiar to you?' he naked. «..?-.-. ,.??... ' Both of them,' cried the other. ' One is a por trait off Felicie Dumarques, in the prime of her! . beauty; the other of the Englishman who came to ?visit her.' . . ! . , .„«? 'Did you hear the Englishman's name ?' inquired1 Lucius. . ' . . . , j '. ' Never, though Marthon, who does not scruple to, ' -pnsh -curiosity -to Impertinence, asked the 'direct ques tion of the old servant next door. She was repulsed \- with severity. 'I have told you there is .a secret,' said the woman, 'and it is one that can inko manner. concern you. Madame' (meaning .Felicie) 'is; an ? angel, of goodness. And do you think Mademoiselle' * ' Hortense would allow the English gentleman to come, ' here if all was hot right; she who is so correct in her conduct, and goes to Mssb every day ? ' Even Mar-; thonwasjobligedtobesatiBaed with this. .Well, sir,1 the yrglfftt'irwTi' went away. I saw Felicie tjriye' \- hamema.voittajijk remite; she had been to the sta tion to see him^t; Great heaven, I never beheld so sad a. nice! «A»s, poor child,' I said to myself, * all the physicians in Paris will never cure you, for you are dying of sorrow!' And I was not far wrong, . sir.' The pcwr girl di^ in leflB.than a month from that . day, and was buried on the hill yonder, by the Chapel . ofourLadypfBonsSecours.' I ??And her elder Bister?' ? | *? ?aUuemoiselle Hortense ? . j|he*djed two yeari . y a8°» #0^ Ji*?1 yonder on thejuul with the rest of ' * But pne.OBteriemainsj.ypusay ? .«Yes; there is sM Mademoiselle Julie. She went tojParia to a situation in a magatindt mo&e;$, I believed fjke was always clever with her needle.' ** And you- think you can procure me her present address in Fans?** . ** I believe I can, . and without much difficulty. The house next door belongs to Mademoiselle l)umarques. The present tenants must know her address.' ?? I shall be beyond measure obliged again if you will obtain it for me.' -* If you will be kind enough to call again this evening, I will make the inquiry in the meantime.' ' I thank you, sir, heartily. You have already given me some valuable information, which, may assist a most amiable young lady to regain her proper place in the world ' The disciple of Jean Jacques declared himself enraptured at the idea that ha had served a fellow creature. , ? ' There is one point, however, that I might ascer tain before I leave Rouen,' said Lucius, ' and that is the name ot Felicie's husband. You say he .stayed at the same hotel at which Felicie had seen the English lady. Which hotel was it?' ? ?? The Britannique.' ' And can you give me the date of Felicie's inter view with the lady ? ' The 'watchmaker shrugged his shoulders. ?? I cannot say. The years in bur quiet life are so much alike. Felicie was away about six years.' ' And I have a letter written, by her afterner return ? — dated. That will give me an approximate date at any rate. I'll try the Hotel Britannique.' Lucius paused in his passage through the shop to select Borne trifling articles from the watchmaker's small stock of jewellery which, might serve as gifts for Lucille. Slender as his means were he cs-uld not leave a service entirely unrequited. He bought a locket and a pair of earrings, at the old man's own price, and left him delighted with his visitor, and pledged to obtain Mademoiselle Dumarques' address, even should the tenant of number seventeen prove unwilling to give it. 