PALMING AS AN ENTERPKISE. (BY TIU: BATE HORACE GREELEY.) I had sped across Europe to Venice, and had noted, with interest, the admirable effec tive irrigation of the great plain of Lom- bardy before I could call any laud my own . . . IVheu I traversed I.ombardy in July, ISol. the beds of streams, naturally as large' as the I'enigewasset, Batt;nkill, Canada Creek, or Humboldt, were utterly dry ; the water which would naturally have flowed therein being wholly transferred to an irrigating canal (or to cabals), often two or three miles distant. The reservoir l!m- eve-' ated were filled in spring, when the streams were fullest and th-ir water richest, and gra dually drawn upon throughout the latter growing season to cover the carefully-levelled and graded fields 0:1 either side, to the depth of au inch or two at the (ime. If any failed to be .soon absorbed by the soil it was drawn off as here supei fiuous, and added to the cur rent employed to moisten and fertilise the field next below it; and so field after field was refreshed and enriched to tlse husbandman's satisfaction and profit . . Why should not our Atlantic slope have its i.ombardy? Utah, Nevada, and California exhibit raw, crude suggestions of such a system ; but why should the irrigation "of the New World be confined to regions where it- is indispensable when that of the Old is uot ? I know no good rea son whatever for leaving an American field unirrigated where water to flow it. at wjil etui be had at moderate cost. When I first bought land ("1S53) I fully purposed to provide for irrigating my nearly level acres at will, and I constructed two dams across my upland stream with that view; but they were so badly plan ned that they went off in the flood, caused by a tremendous rain the next spring . . , My next attempt was on a much humbler scale, and I engineered it myself. Toward the north end of my farm, -the hillside, which rises east of my lowland, is broken by a swale or. terrace, which gives me three or four acres of tolerably level uplaud, along tiic upper edge of which five or six springs, which never wholly fail, burst from the rock above, and unite to form a pretty runnel, which dries up 'in very hot or dry weather, hut which usually preserved a tiny st ream, to be lost in the swamp below. North of the gully cut down the lower hillside by this streamlet, the hillside of some three acres, is q.iih steep, still partially wooded, and wholly devote : to pasturage. Making a petty dam against this tunnel at the top i.f the lower acclivity, I turned the stream aside, so that- it should henceforth run along the crest of this lower hill, falling off gradually so as to sc-. lire a free current, and losing its contents at intervals through variable de pressions in its lower hank. Dam and arti ficial watercourses, together, cost me ninety dollars, which was about twice what it should have been. That rude and petty contrivance lias now been 10 years in operation, and may have cost five dollars per annum for over sight and repairs. Its effect has been to double the grass grown on the two acres it constantly irrigates, for which I paid 250 dollars, or more than thrice the cost of my irrigation. But nunc: my hillside, while it was well-grassed in spring, always gave out the first dry or hot week; so that wbon I most- needed feed, it afKirdcd none, its herb age being parched tip and dead, and thus re maining till refreshed by generous rains. I judge, therefore, that my iirija ion has more than doubled the product- of those two acres, aud that these are likely to lose nothing in yield or value so long as tluit petty iriigating ditch shall be maintained. I know this is small business. But suppose each of the 10:1,000 Now England farms, whcivof 5 "to 10 acres might be thus irrigated at a cost no' exceed ing 100 dollars per farm had iwn sbniiatly prepared to flow those acres : spring a td early .summer, with an a -erage i a crease therefrom of barely 1 ton of hay -p.r its c-quiva.ent in pasturage per a:re). The 500,000 tons of hay thus realised would have saved 200,000 head of cattle from being sent to the butcher while two thin for good beef while every cue of them was required for further use, and will have to be replaced at a heavy cost. Shall not these tilings he considered? Shall not all wiio can do so at moderate cost resolve to test on their own farms the advantages and benefits that may be secured, by irrigation? 1 first farmed 111 self in 1 S45, on a plot of eight acres, in what was then the opc-n coun try skirling the East River, nearly abreast the lower point of illuckwcil's Island, near Fiftieth street, on a little indentation of the share known as Turtle Bay. None of the avenues east of Third were then opened above Thirtieth-street, and the neighbour hood, though now perforated by streets a ul covered with houses, was as rural and secluded as heart could wish for. One tine spring morning a neighbour called and offered to plough for five dollars my acie of tallage not cut up by rows of box and other wood, and I told him to go ahead. I came next evening just as lie was finishing the job, which 1 contemplated most ruefully. Mis plough was a pocket edition ; his team, a single horse; his farrows at most, five inches deep. I paid him, hut I told him plainly that. I would rather have given him tlie money for nothing, lie insisted that lie had ploughed lor me as 11c piougneu lor outers an around me. " 1 will tell you," I rejoined, " exactly how this will work. Throughout the spring and early summer we shall have frequent rains and moderate lieat ; thus far my crops will do well. But. tlieu will come li t- weeks, with little or no rain; and they will dry up this shallow soil aud everything planted thereon." The result signally justified my prediction, we had frequent rains and cloudy, ini'.d weather io July 1, when the clouds vnni-ncu, .no sun came out lut'-nsciy Inn. a'.i-i we lead scarcely a spriakie till .SpieuibiL- !, by which time my corn and potatoes had about giv. n up the ghost. Like the seed which fell on stony ground in the parable of ilie sower, that which I had planted had withered away because "there was no root;" and my prospect for a harvest was utterly blighted, where, with 12 inches of loose, fertile, well pulverised earth at their roots, my crops would have been at least- .re spectable. When I became once more a fanner in a small way on my present place, I had not forgotten the lesson, and tried to have ploughed dec- ply aud thoroughly so much land as I had ploughed at all. My first summer here- (l?53i was a very dry 011c, and crops failed in consequence arjuml me aud all over the eo tin try; yet '.nine were at least fair, and I was largely kuk-blcd for lln.ru to relatively 4 en plough ing. I have since suffered from frost (on my low land), from the rotting of seed in the ground, from the ravages of insects, &e.;, but never i>v .:routn, and l am entirely con fident that deep ploughing has done me ex cellent, service. My only trouble 1ms be. n to get. it done, for there are apt to be reasons (haste, lateness in the s-ason, &e.;) for ploughing shallovry for "just this time," with wiii'ul intent to do henceforth better. I have two bits of warm gravelly hillside, which bountifully yield corn, wheat, and oats, but which are addicted to washing. I .presume one of these bits, at the south-east corner of my farm, has been ploughed and planted uot less than 100 times, and at least half the -fertilizers applied to it have washed into the brook, and hence into the Hudson. To say tnat 10C0 dollars have been squan dered on that patch of ground would be to keep far within the truth. And along with the f: rtilizrrs, a large portion of the finer and better el ments of the original soil have thus been swept into the brook and lavished upon the. water of our hay. But since I had those lots thoroughly subsoiled, all the water that falls upon them when in tillage sinks into the soil, and remains there until drained avrav bv filtration or evaporation ; and I never saw a particle "-'of soil washed from either save once, wnen a maw ox 1 or 2 inches on the surface, leaving the ground solidly frozen beneath, being quickly fol lowed by pouring rain, washed away a few bushels of the loosened and saddened sur face, proving that the law by virtue of which these fields were formerly denuded while in cultivation is still active, and that deep plonghing is an effective and all hut unfailing antidote for the evil it tends io excite I have used guano 'frequently, and, though it has gen -rally made its mark;- 1 never yet fell sure that it returned me a profit over its cost. Phosphates have done bet ter, especially where applied to corn 011 the Hill, either at the time of p'anting or later; yet my strouir impression is that flour of bone,, appli d broadcast and freely, especial ly when wlieht or oats are sown on a field that is to be laid down in grass, pays better and more sorely than anything else I order from the "city, gypsum aud possibly oyster- shell lime excepted. My experience can -be 110 safe guide for others, since it is not proved that the ante rior needs of their soils are precisely like those of mine. T.cn or twelve years ago I bought a pound or more of locust seed rather late in the spring, scalded it by plunging for a moment the little cottou bag which held it into a pot of boiling water, ami let tine the seed steep and steam in the bag till- next morning, when the seed was planted in rows in a newly broken bit of poor old pasture laud. This was a mistake; I should have given that seed the richest available spot in my garden, to say nothing of planting it as early as April 20. My locusts came up slowly, and grew feebly that year, uot to speak of the many seeds that did not sprout at all. Still many came up and survived, and my place is this day the richer for them. . My upland lias gravelly rocky soil, not natural to grass, and had been pastured to dcalli for at least a century before I bought it; yet it has, yielded me an average of not less than 2b tons to the acre, for the last sixteen years, and will not yie'd less while I am allowed to farm it. My low land (bog when I bought ic) is bound hence forth to yield more: but. while imperfectly or not at all drained, it was of course a poor reliance — yielding bounteously in spots, in others little or nothing. In nothing else is shiftless, slovenly farming so apt to betray itself as in the culture of grass Fifty years ago I judge that the greater part of the hay made in New England was cut from sour boggy land, that was devoted to grass simply because nothing else could be done with it. I have helped to carry the crop off on poles from considerable tracks 011 which oxen could not venture without miring. It were superfluous to add, that 110 well-bred animal would eat such stuff unless the ehoice were between it and absolute star vation. In my boyhood I hoed Indian corn diligently for "weeks at a time, drawing the earth from bctweeu tlic rows up about the stalks to a depth cf three or four inches ; thus forming hills which the West has since taught me to be of4 110 use, but rather a detriment, embarrassing the efforts of tiie growing hun gry plants to throw out their roots extensively in every direction, and subjecting them to needless in jury from drongot. I am thoroughly convinced that corn properly planted, will, like wheat and all other grains, root itself just deep enough in the ground, and that to keep down ail weeds, and leave the surface of the corn-field open, mellow, aud perfectly flat, is the host as well as the cheapest way to culti vate corn. I have been having much plough ing done this fall in my orchards, for what I presume to he the good of the trees on my drained swamp, because it is not yet fully subdued, and sweetned, and 1 judge that the winter's freezing and thawing will aid to bring it-intu condition. And then my swamp lies so low and absolutely flat, that the thaws and rains of spring reader ploughing it in season f ir oats, or any other crop that requires early seeding, a matter of ilouat and difficulty. All the land I now cultivate, or seek to cultivate, has already been well ploughed more than once; 110 stump or stone impedes progress in the tracts I have ploughed this fall; yet a good plough drawn by two strong yoke of oxen, rarely breaks up half an acre per day; ami I estimate two acres per week about what iias been- avcraged, at a cost of 1 5 dollars for the ploughman aud driver; offsetting the oxen's labor against the work done by the men at the barn and elsewhere apart from ploughing. In other words, I am confi dent that niy ploughing has cost me from tiist to last at least 10 dollar; per acre, and would "have eo=t still more if it had been done as thoroughly as it ought. I am .quite aware that this is high — that sandy soils and dry loams are ploughed much cheaper; and that- fanners who plough well (with whom I dp not rank those who scratch the earth to a depth of four or live inches) do it at a much lower rate. Stiil, I estimate the average cost 111 this country of ploughing land twelve inches deep at 5 dollars per acre; aud I am confident that it does uot cost one cent less. 