—SojtaUawd iftiuis. TqE/RpAD !TOj YAXWAX-L.—We would remind all interested that the adjourned public meeting ' in reference to the above will t^ke plpce this j .fern^n^t 'a rfrf^/^'nr^ wALi ! afternoon at'3 riVlortk, at "Mrb.' Ifiaacs'Hotel,! TARRAK, when the'committee will report as to thk Ifiipbes ^ftilM. Wq „hew 4hatI ffter ^ ofsfi® flifferent routes 1 iohrilwaiUg^ diversity ,of lopinion exists ! on this point j but we hope to see the matter I amicably sottled to-day, and that all who can, j will.attend,nnd hglplopromptly push fonvard ' tl^iB; all- important project r',1 We understand !' tlie " Grdverhment have placed the steamer ' , Pearl at the disposal of those gentlemen who 1 "are interested in the navigation of the river from Burner. (Jqstowards, to which place slie ' will proceed on Wednesday next. This is a gopd onxen iuifavor-of tmrUurrier friends and ¥a i lwalWliggck'sf. -.. "POBLIC" MKETINO.—Having heard that a public meeting was ito .take- place at Nowra/m Tuesday last, for the consideration of' some public matter, we hastened up to that delectable \- -- U . ;JH - * region with all possible expedition, in order to "take notes" of the proceedings. As the matter in question tunied out to/ be one of vital importance to the entire community, we fOu^d, J consequently, that there were assembled on the ' spot no less than " FIVE'.' pereons. .Undertbcsol brilliant circumstances, it was deemed advisable j to calmly " watch and wait" for this large ] assemblage to be augmented 5 hut, alas] no one ! . ,, * ' j . , seemed to pass that way. Sundry expressions I of profound disgust at the wretched apathy of I everybody in general and nobody in particular, ] were ever aiyl anpn .indulged ,in, though, pon- i 1 i . . • i ; - . • 7j / ' v ' «'• . Bidenng all things, thosp ptc&nt; efeemda to ; bear their Bufferings and disappointment with j remarkabld. fortitude. In course of time, the l picturesque group became seated in the room, , and altogether, affaire looked unquestionably] .,.. ,, , , , • ,, .. • . *' blue," and by degrees the » meeting" seemed to partake of the chaiacter of tho proverbial! Quaker's,—for Bilence reigned supreme. At! this interesting juncture, however, tlie "spirit moved" some one to express his surprise and regret at the paucity of the attendance, and things brightened up forthwith,—for the'result was a most highly ivfrcshing and entertaining . discussion, in which all took part; but, unfor- ,' , ,.„ . J 1 . .. tunately, fotthe edification of the public, the proceedings wfere not reported, which fact can only be regarded as a " public calamity." We are in .a position, howovpr, to assure pur readere. that elioitly after the" discussion .commenced, a "DIVISION" was' formted, arid Hie failure of (he meeting wais attributed to {he fact that thc only publicity given of it was entrusted to the " outside " SENTINEL, whoso " lonely post" precluded that officer from putting forth general notification ; but the . most . incomprehensible circumstance connccted with the affair is 'that, notwithstanding the vast importance of the object of the meeting,—some of those present isectncd averse to the Circulation oftho "NEWS" fat all. , Shortly-after, .we retired in utter bewilderment, to calmly ruminate over the strange and unfathomable nature of tlie Whole human race. : • ; •;.•' '• • ) •• - TFLS PfiOPOSED SHOALttaVEN MUNICIPALITy. —In reference' to the proposed Shoalhaven Municipality, a reply, has, at leiigih ,beten received, .and is to.the following' effect:—" Gentlemen,—Referring to my letter of the 29th of Novculier> (eat, ttfojifyinc'jlhe^^iipSpjiiutment'bf.' Mr". A.'O.' Moriarty. .tofliake enquiry, under the 12th section of ttiie Municipalities Act of 1867, into-the validity of the • signatures attached "to the counter-petition against the proposed incorporation of the proposed: Municipal'District of Shoalhaven, and generally, concerning the same; I am now directed ,by. the Colonial /Secretary, 'to inform you,-.that-as it appears from the report which has been furnished by Mr. Moriarty, that the majority of thc^petitionei.s are opposed to incorporation, it' has ''been decided by 'his Excellency thc Governor, with'the advice of the Executive Council, that no farther stepB shall lie taken to promote She object of the original petition. . I have tiie honor -to be,' &c;:, HEKJBY HAUJORAK." . . . THE SHOAUIAVEN POSTAL QUESTION.—We would draw' special ^ attention to' an advertisement in. .another feolumn, .where it trill be observed that a'$nbUd'meeting takes place on Wednesday "evening" next' an-the Council' Chamber. .Nowra, »t - half-paGt sSx ^oVlock. 'thb 'object in view being to draw the attention'df the Government tb the' very unsatisfactory manner in urhich our mails are being carried .out, under existing regulations; and to petition ;for a daily mail, 'via Moss Vale, in -lieu of the' WTetehed route by the coasty which has long been «. i eouroe of imnoyabbe to. the' business people, and in fact evety one. in tiie community who nceivea letters or papere from the mfetropplis. Wev hope tO Nsee ithe . meetiiig^ ^ll attended; and if the suggestions thrown out by ns a few weeks.ago anent. t^-fnatiber.can. tie carried into ®eet, a b"oon' wiflTie Oonferrcd on tJieenfire diftnce >' / J « HODSEBEEAKINO , m., I^BEAnA.—^ome 1 daetardly rnffianj a few .nightp ago, .entered a private residence in Tcnsitt)!, .juirofiga}; the window, long after the inmates.had retired'to rest, and made his Way to 6riom-ihe $edrooms, " ere ('a yobng girl was sleeping. Finding ^ nself about -to -be-discovered,-he-speedily made tracks, and, unfa^cningJthe'dopr from the inside, promptly took t6 h^B "lfeels, Aslthe sound of hisTetreatmp-footBtgwrfeUy 'pttnrefi: It is a grctVpity, foAhfe" eaTe -of ^ae^ that such daring and - igning .Tigabprids icfuid not be brooght to justice to receive the punishment justly doe to them. . . . , SuimmpjKO i IN SHOALHAVEN.—On Sunday persons were surprised at noisome vessel of formidable' pFopor* ^fp 0 *=the river, and anchor new t dxvarious were the surmises at « !ip the strSiger cbuld be. On inquiry, we aBcer^ -taincd that the vessel was " The Vine," which has been built at Crookhaven by Mr. John Bprrill and his worirmm^ the .whole of the ^ta- ^>jer"1>eing procured-at that place. She possefeses . acommanding '^ppeaVance, and the following^ are her dimensions :—Length over all, 85 feet; breadth of beam, 17 feet 4 indies ; depth of hold, 6 feet inches; copper fastened, four feet, and somewhere about 100 tons burden. Her build is of the Aberdeen style as to bow, with the elliptic stern, and being rigged as a fore and aft schooner, Is veil adapted for sailing and corrying. Altogether, she reflects the highest credit on her spirited and enterprising owner, who, if he is desirous of disposing of her, could, we imagine, readily do so witli profit. She is now being loaded with timber, and in the course of a few days will make hci maiden trip to Syclney, when we wisli her a 'safe and speedy journey. CoNcpBT-T^-We liavo been requested to state that asthe moonlight \ nights are now at hand two jM- acticei tor the Queen's Birthday Cohcert will be held at the Temperance Hall, Terrara, next week when tlie several singers are requested to attend. Tho first practise will take place on Monday night; " CONFIRMATION.—Last Thursday was the day fixed forthe ceremony of confirmation in connection with' the Chui-ch of England, Terrara, but unfortunately His Lorpsliip the Bishop of Sydney was kept so long at tho late public funeral of W. C. Wentworth and other : duties that lie did not reach tho wharf until too late, However, His Lordship went direct to Ullai ul,a ou" B .. b ii UJ y steamer, whence lie will arrive in " " T ' /V", *" ] S d X I ™om.Tc r mra His Lordship will PF 0 ' ' to°iiold nta^. The . i n ^ o ^ n ^ r ^ wilK j held at 7 o'clock, the Bishop presiding: ti7Cm SONS OF TEMPERANCE.—With a view to tho | passing of a pleasant hour in social harmony aand n ? without, the ," ^"'ading pervading destroyer" of !? un ' Hn 'V" ie members of the Crystal Spring Division intend holding debates 011 ever}- niternato Tuesday on their nights of meeting, and on ! Tuesday week next the programme will bo ?l )ene d '»y «|iifis, readmgs and recitationh. Tliis is a step in the right direction and will be hailed with pleasure by those who have the success of the Division at heart. We have alluded to this matter so that members may have an opportunity of being present on these occasions. RISE IN TUB; PRICE or MAIZE.—During the last week -or ten days, the price of maize lias .considerably .advanced in Sydney, and, as. will be IK seen eecu by uj our uui telegram teurgiuui which nilil'U' we ivu received iCUCiu:u last lilt night, it is now quoted from 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d We refer our readers to our telegram in another column, which contains most encouraging intelli- K S S ^ ^ e S r i f 5 Shoalhaven. A SEVERE FINH FOB SPITTING AT A MAN.— It is reported in the Wagga Advertiser that William Kuild appeurod 011 Bummons charging , him «itlihaving assaulted Benjamin Paul Best by spitting upon bun. Complainant deposed that upon thl! day in quesUon defendant applied to him foi permission to go short cut through A dispute arose about two persona in ^™' " nd 0 P| ni0ns i were pretty freely ex; I changed, supplomented WIUI some abuse and thc agsauit in quc6lion. Mr. Fitzhardinge appeared for the plaintiff. Defendant was fined £3 2s., with costs of Court, 6s. Cd., and profeBBional cos U > £ 1 Us- Cd. THE MUDQUB RACES^—These races came EFF omAVednesany last. Tlie weather was line, nnd the ntteudanc y e was numeroUS. The following eyents took place :—Sapling Stakes.—Spcculation 1, Ejng of the West 2f Julius 3. Time 1-51. Prince of Wales Stakes.—Fireball 1, Birmingham 2, Barrister 3. Time 9*24. Mudgee Handicap.—Priam 1, Paradise 2, Warrior 3\. Betting : 3 to 1 against Priam, and 4 to 1 against Gratis, 5 to 1 each ngninst Warrior and Myrtle. - Eleven . . . started. Gratis led for more , t h " n „ r a % • t !" g "r' 0 to carry or. the runningto the home turn, where Priam came througji nnd won verj ; easily by two lengths. Time,3•39. Ladies'Purse.—Julius 1, Theodoite 2, Domub 3. Time, 2-27. A FOOL TURNS AMATEUR BUSHRANGER.—The man Broken of in our last (observes thc Burrangong Arpus) a6 having ridden away with n pistol from Mr. Bemie's, at the Racecourse, and reported himself as Reedy, thc escaped prisoner froin Yass gaol, was brought into Young by the olice on Saturday. He .was captured near S tortray, between Grcnfcll .and Forbes, on the previous day, by Mr. Sub- inspector Roberts, who, with constables Murpliy anil Loughnane, hnd started in pursuit of him. He was brought before the Bench on Tuesday, on thc charge of stealing tlie pistol from Mr. Bqrnie, and remanded till Tuesday next, when, wo hear, charges of a more serious nature are likely to be brought against him. He turns out not to be Reedyi«she : represented liimsilf, but gavo his name, first as Robinson, and afterwards as Roberts.' He Is not, by iony means a ferocious looking individual. THB' FUNDED STOCK LOAN.—We hear that, befo.-e the end of this month, the Government will come'into tlie market-with the loan aulhoised by the! Funded. Stock Act,: which : was passed shortly before the close of last session. It is. said that .they , intend about. a foi tnight hence to invite tenders for this new inscrbed fitoik, and to fix a minimum. The loan will thus be launched in the usual way. Tlie inter-' est is 4 per,ccnt., and tlie amount is limited to half a million stealing. It,will bo remembered that when this matter. rwas under discussion in .the Assembly the Treasurer referred to the proposed stock specially as a security for local investments. The ledgers in which the stock it. to be inscribed have been already prepared, and one .will be kept at the bank, one at the Trea- sury and oneat the Audit Office.— Herald. - A COOL ROEBEIIV.—On Saturday niglit (says the Goulbura Herald) Mr. .Terence O'Donnell, who lives, at his father's' house, Grafton-slreet, "went to bod, and previous 'te so doine:' placed the clothes which he had been wearing during the day 6n a4ablenear!the- window,pndafterwarde v <ipeiied the windowin order to allow vehtilatiop.. ,Qn wialqng ,iu .the morning, he found his iclothes, togetlioir.with a'' pocket-book and papere which werein the pockets, gone. Outside tlie window, on the ground, .was found tt key which was previously in 'the pocketliook ; so that the conclusion arrived at was that some ^mean person must :havc 'nbticed the window open,, and quietly token the things away. • There were "two younger brothers sleeping in: the «ame room, neither' of whojn heard any noise, and; they were sortie what surjirisedinthe,morning when : questioned by the •elder' brother as pa where hie doth'es were. , • LA^GB P KABCABOO.—-The. Sou them Argus states ^that a large kangaroo .'syas killed in the Goulbu'rh' district. 'He measured Irom tip to tip little short of nine feet, the tail alone being" four feet in length, -eljjjhtcfen inches Tound-the butt, and weighing seventeen pounds. This enormous ^king of tjie,forest," .who has long. reign^^npreme,-J)ras^^velljknown^to'mo8t oftiie settlers ^rppndWcodhffliaelee by the name of " Old .Powell^' «md n«t k few dogB had sufficredj death at his hands. ,„ His career was put an end to on Saturday last by Mr. Edward Kennedy's' dOg 4 ' Brock" ' after an exciting' chase. . • • > THE FdsEtfAL OF MB. WnKT'wonTfr.—dlf Tuesday last the remains of Mr. W, C. > Wentwroth; which had been brought from England for butjal at his scat of > Vauclusc, were con- \=%ed thither from Sydney, with an amount of sensation > and ceremonial which had probably not f been nearly equalled oil any former > occasion of the kind in this colony. The day had been proclaimed a general > holiday 1U the lttetropolis ; and the funeral rites were attended by tlie > Governor, and the principal functionaries of Government in its various > departments, tiie members of two Houses, &c.; The burial service was > performed at St.. Andrew's Cathedral, from whence the coffin was afterwards > conveyed with a most imposing procession to Vaueluse, .where it was, > deposited in a - mausoleum consecrated on the occasion by the Bishop of > Sydney. There were two thousaud two hundred. foot passengers in the > procession: There were one bundled nnd fifty Vehicles including those of > members of Parliament. All public bodies were present and tlie procession > extended for nearly two miles. It is estimated that there were seventy > thousand spectators, ana the greatest order Drevailed. Sir James Martin > delivered an oration over the grave. CLOSE OF TNE EXHIBITION.—The > Intercolonial Exhibition of 1873 was brought to a close on Saturday night. > For the last few days tlie number of visitors had been gradually falling > off, and on Saturday afternoon not more than about two hundred wereprescnt. > In tlie evening the usual conccit was very fairly attended ; and at its > conclusion the National Anthem was 6ung, and without any further cercinony > tlie Exhibition was closed. The different exhibits, with the exception of > the Fine Arts and those intended for sale by auction, will bo at onco > removed.—Monday's Herald. VOLUNTEER INSPECTION.—The half-yearly inspection > of the Ulladulla Volunteers took place on the 2Gth ultimo, in ono of Mr. > Claydon's ^ ^ panied by Captain Compton. Sergeant Webb ^"f P 1 "®® 011^ > The^rms, acfoutrement. g f t - S ^ ^ r ^ X n ^ y 1, faultless r ° nol,nC!ed > MR. D. BUCHANAN.—A telegram from Forbos dated Tuesday last, says :—Mr. > Buchanan addressed • • over one thousand . . minere . .last.night. . A vote > of confidence was unanimously passed, and a purse of sovereigns presented to > him in recognition of the determined stand he took in opposing the second > reading of the Mining Bill. Ho leaves for Sydney to-day. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, GERRINGONG.—On the '23rd of April the ceremony of laying the foundtion stone of a new church took place at Gerringong, the old one of wood having been destroyed during thc late disastrous fire of last year. A tea meeting was held previous te tlio ceremony at which upwards of 200 were present. The Rev. J. H. L. Zillman, Incumbent of the parish, laid tlio stone in the usual manner,, after which tlio rev. gentleman delivered an impressive and appropriate address. The Rev^ R. Wilson and Mr. O'Connor also delivered addresses. Thfc amount realized by the tea audi offertory amounted to about £32. Messrs. Peter Walker and Song, of Kinnia are the «ontractors„ A DOG TAKEN BY AN EAGLEHAWK.—Hie following curious circumstance is related by a correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser :—"Oa Wednesday last I nad occasion to call at the hut of a boundary rider on. thc Richardson, and on. returning I noticed an. ususual commotion, amongst a large ilock of sheep in 0110 of thepaddocks. There were two dtogs amusing themselves by running thc sheep down and killing them. Ono was modiuin-sized and the other unusually small, wlio. yelped after his largercompanion as though he was doing, all tlio work.. I was about to rido in chase, when I saw that there was another observer as welt ns- myself,, in the shape of a large eaglehawk. quietly hovering above the running doge. The larger of the two mongrels soon outstripped the little one,, who appeared to take the cliase leisurely aftera time and follow the scent. As be stopped; the pursuit for a moment the hawk sailed: suspiciously near, and tiie large dark thing bearing: down attracted his attention. Placing- his taill between Ins legs lie ran back in a paroxysm, offear, but the hawk was upon him before he badmade 20 yards, nnd ! in a minute the little mongrel was Lowing 10 foot in the air. The- birdl leisurely, sailed away with his captive,, and! disappeared past a clump of trees." TIIE KISSING • QUAOH'IUKS.—It may not boujiintercstiug to.the admircrsof tlieterpsichoreaik art to know that our American cousins have introduced' (or rather revived; for tlie same ceremony w.as performed of old.) a ratliAenovel feature into thc modem style of' trippingupon the light fantastic toe, and one which, is calciilnted to give a delicious variationi to the intricate evolutions of tho mazy dinnce.. We learn, from the Saa Francisco Chroniclethat polite; society at present.rcjoioes in thepos- Bcssitm of a dance entitled the "-Kiss Quadrille."' It ie_ evidently a sort of lancers, and when "Bwinging comers " each gentleman tenderly kisses his partner ; at the-grand promenade tileorder is .to kiss all rouud, then chasscz to theopposite side and imprint upon the check o£' your vis-a-vis the "-kiss of peaces" The " grand!, chain" may be considered a grand, salute mid, final performance,, foe on. coining; to tbe jig everybody kisses everybody. The dance wilt no doubt prove a valuable acquisition, to tiie ball-room. A NEW CANDIDATE FOR AQUATIC HON IURS.-— .The following letter from Mr. Rush, the cham-. pion sculler appears in the Grafton Observer " I belivo a match will' come- off BOOB between myself and Mr. Colone, and thc report went, round to that el&ct;, hut the amount of. odds, increased before it reached your correspondent.. I did make Mr. Colone an offer of £50 to £40,, and I do not intend to. give more odds, as X Tielive Mr. Colone,, as. an oarstnsn,. is. second to, none in the country, and will be hot for the boBt man they may send from any ether country." . , FEMALE IMMIGRATION.— In a charge- against a seaman for assault upon thc high seas at thc Sydney Water Police Court, upon which the accused has befen oommitted for "trial, it was broadly asserted by Isomer of the Witnesses that there had beeh certain improprieties on board the vessel (the British Commodore) between the officers and the ifemale immigrants - brought out in her. These charges are of. such a charcter as to call for an investigation. ... As ENGLISH Prroscfi STOBY.—London January 23.—-The following story is -told in the ' Inns of Court :—The late Chief Justice Maulo had brought before him apoor sailor charged with ' bigamy. The sailor pleaded guilty, and, on' being asked if he had anything to say why the usual sentence shou'd not be passed, said : "'May it pleasl your lordship, my wife run away with anather mah'and lfeft me with a family of children, whom my duties,- as a . British- sailor hardly ctaable me to take care of wi thoufanother' wife. What ought I have done ?'V " Prisoner," said his lordship, stenily, "I will tell you* whst you ought to have done ; .you ought to have employed a posse of police to pursue that doping wi£e, and to have established a case, of : crim eon. against'her; you ought then to hive ' gone up to the Houfee of Lows 'and 'secured from their lordships adivotoe, and then married - ' again. You may say euch a procedare would have cost you fiVe oreix hundred pounds whereae you have not-..so many pence:'. But, sir,.that, makes no_ diffCTenqel J it ifl my Jbn«ine68, flilting here as an Fnclish Judge, to inform you that this is not a country where there is cule law .foi-!; the rich and another for tiie poor." The story represente a bit of the irohy iindet- which thecostly machinery of the Lord's Court in suoh cases made way for the Divorce Court—Corns. ' pondent of Cincinnati Commercial. TJIE EXHIBITION.—At the stock sales last week, Harrison, Jones, and Dbvliu sold, on account of W. W. Ewen, of Ulladulla, Royal Butterfly 1st, of Ulladulla, boll, for 350 guineas. AN UNLUCKY DIOGEB.—In the latter end of March last, Theophilus Chamberlain arrived in Sydney from tlw diamoud mines iu Africa, bringing with him about £350 in gold coin. He proceeded to Gulgong, and on last Wednesday returned to Sydney, taking up his abode at the Temperance Hotel, Kent-street. He was then possessed of 319 sovereigns. Yesteiday he counted out 300 sovereigns, tied them in a handkerchief, and 18£ sovereigns for present use he put into a belt which he wore about his body. About 3 o'clock he left home intending to deposit the 300 sovereigns in a bank, but he found that the bank had closed for the day. Walking about, he strolled into a public-house in Castlreagli-street, where he met with and treated two women, and proceeded thence with them to their own house in Scandinavianlane. He then had £318 10B. in gold all safe, a gold watch and chain, and a gold ring. They had more drink, he became intoxicated, and when he came to himself he found that he was lying ir the lane, a Bhort distance from the women's residence, and minus his watch and chain and ring and money. He repotted the matter to the police, and the two women were apprehended, but nothing was found on them or in their house. The affair is in the hands . of detective Camplun, whose tact and vigilance In such cases are too well- known to be further spoken of COUNTRY LIFE IN AUSTRALIA.—Mr. Trollops in hm recent woik or. Australia observes :—" I like tobacco and brandy-and-water, with an casy-chair out on a verandah, and my slippers on my feet. And I like men who arc energetic and stand up for themselves and their own properties. I like having horses to ride and kangaroos to hunt, and sheep become quite a fascination to me as a subjectof conversation. And I like that roaming from one house to another —with a perfect conviction that five miautcs would make mo intimate with the next batch of strangers. Men are never ashamed of their poverty; nor aro they often proud of their •wealth. In all countiy life in Australia there is an absence of any ostentation or striving after •effoct, which is delightful. Such as their life is, the squatters share it with you, as is fitting for a stranger, the best they have to give.''- ECLIPSE OF THE MOON.—On the 12th May next a total eclipse of the moon will take place, visible in Sydney. Tho first contact of the earth's shadow with the surface of the lunar orb will take place a few minutes past 7, and the last at about ten minutes past 11. The duration of totality, namely the time the moon's surface will be entirely shadowed by the earth, about eighty minutes. BUBYIHO THIS WRONG WOMEN.—A remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some time past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexanderetrect, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and a messenger from fi the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workheuse, and having satisfied himself of tho accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick's Burial Society in tho city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, ho received £3 10s, the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to tho undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all relatives of the deceased, with the neighbours assembled, and tho general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had very greatly changed since tho last time they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were eolemiily interred, Mr. Keene's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over tho remains, aid all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lowly supper that evening the latch oftlie door was lifed, and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and delighted at again being restored to her home, rushed at him, and throwing her arms round his neck, in the wildest ccstacy, began kissing him. Keane was first horrified, and, like Hatnlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal.' Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keaue's \- conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease, he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the Union, and there ascer- tained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John K-Z„ 1L - 6 p ^ , of tt . Joh ° Kcanc residing m Peter-street On hearing of the matter the agent for the St. Patrick Society was furious because the second: John Keane was not a member of the society. Tho whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. IK'TEIIVIEWINA A GOVEBNOR.—An instance of juvenile precoeityhascome to our (Maryborough Chronicle) inowledge which is wortli repeating. A small son of Mr. W. Young, whose height will just enable him to take a survey of tiie dining-room table, was greatly. exercised at having been unable to "see the Governor" owing to tho late hour of that illustrious pereonage'e arrival on Wednesday. Shortly afterwards there was an alarm that tho child had disappeared, and, on inquiiy being made, it was found that Master Young had made the beBt of his way to the Royal Hotel, had boldy demanded to be shown into the Governor's sitting-room, and had been patted on tbe head and otherwise made much of by his Excellency, who was highly amused with the youngster's claim to tho privilege of private entree. We are informed that, the ice having been thus broken, othqr parents, who had become aware of the circumstances, experienced a burning deshe that their, young hopefuls should become the heroes of a like adventure, and that one or two imi. tatignswere attempted, but being, unfortunately, deficient in the important clement of originality, were not quite so warmly appreciated.. SINGULAR ACCIDENT FHOH EXPLOSION.—" A most singular accident (writes the Mount Alexander Mail) occurred on -Monday to a young girl named Anna Maria Frazer, residing with he* parents at Taradalp, Some .few weeks back, the child, who is nine yeare old, while on her way to school, picked up what she thought was a tin pencil-holder. Into • one end of this she placed a piece of date pencil, and used it accordingly.. While at home with her mother, die began probing the pther end of the tube with a hair- pin, to take out something .which appeared to pe filling up the cavity, when it suddenly exploded with a report sufficiently loud to render both her and her mother deaf for some minutes. On recovering themselves, it was discovered that such had been the force of the explosion that the thumb of the left hand was so shattered to the palm as to be almost cut off; theend of the third finger was taken dean off, while the whole hand Was punctured with email holes to the depth.of about half an inch. The right hand was -also very much' injured and riddled with holes similar to the left; the right eye is much horned and in flamed. . But the most singular,partof the . jajfoir is.that a. large round piece has been torn dean out of her dress and the lining, laying bare tlje steel busk of her stays, the edges of this hqle bearing no traces of thacxplombfibeyond a slight smell of fire. As the excision was diredtly over the region of the heart, there can be no doubt that hut tor die presence of the stays the result would hove been fataL The child was immediately tronghl to 1 the local hospital, aqd her wounds .attended to." Theenppo6ed pencilcase was probably a detonating tube used in the explosion of dynamite. 