It has been by far too frequently the prac tice of men who undertake the literary work of colonial newspapers to decry and run down one branch of industry at the expense of another. This is, to say the least of it unfair. It is not because the wondrous in dustries of Ballarat and Sandhurst in the workings of their magnificent gold-fields have been so great and, in every sense of the word, so fortunate, that other sources of Yictorian wealth and freedom and beauty should be lost sight of. AVe know the old adage that " one half the world does not know-how the. other half lives;" but ought we not to know a vast deal more in this respect? In some places it is the fashion to abuse agricultural pursuits because the abuser prefers the more precarious mode of living by searching for, and " winning" gold — if he can. The reflection that other pro ducers than those of the coveted metal must of necessity be required to keep up the constant supply of muscle, stamina aud progress of mankind does not often enter the head of the mere gold seeker. Miners are a fine and lawrabiding part of our com munity as a rple ; but now and then a sudden success makes some of them rampant, and the time has come when this fertile country of Australia must be far better cherished than it has been in endless varieties of ad vantages other than .that of gold-digging. We put aside from ourrargumenfc the earlier successes of wool-growing, because - they are palpable enough tq the merest thinkers 5 but gqld aud wool or vice vers.a_ are not the only products of which we have to be proud, in the position we now hold in the world. It is pleasing to notice that practical minds are beginning to become alive to this, as proved by the continual cavalcades and bovine groups — ror as the phrase goes " mobs" of cattle going daily to the banks of the Richardson river, and other new agri cultural settlements to the Northward. The fact is, that, even on poor lands, the fertilizing properties of the soil are wo n- derfulin moderately favorable seasons. The atmosphere in this country has as much to do with fructifying principles as the most earnest believer, in superphosphates, guano, qr high farming after the Mechi idea, can believe in. The very thistles in our high ways and byeways spring up out of a compound of crushed tailings or most un comfortable subsoils, yet in anything like decent soil there ought to be 110 such thing as its being " worked out," with a little help and forbearance. As some illustration of what we mean, qs to tho continual advo cacy of one class of industry against another, we would adduce a statement from a Gold- fields newspaper, the Bendigo Advertiser , daily and not unnaturally exulting in the splendid returns of the rich reefs thereabouts, which attempts by the smallest examples to Show that ruin to the cultivator of the sur face soil is produced by "the precarious character of farming in this country and the difficulties and adversities against which settlers aud others have to contend." There are " difficulties and adversities" in every branch aud phase of existence, but to dog matically insist upon farming as not being a lucrative, and therefore not a legitimate means of living iu this country, is, in our humble belief, a fallacy. Travellers in the old country from the north, through the smoky, black districts, where the tall gaunt factory chimneys look like so many dingy ghosts by day, and where the furnace-fires appear as so many pandemonia by night, will always tell you of the blessings to them of at least two of the senses, when fairly emerged into the blooming farms of the midland and grazing counties, where, in the language of dear old Herrick, there seems to be a murmuring "Of brooks and blossoms, birds, and bowers, Of April, May and June and July flowers." We bail, then, the growing tendency to try, in this part of the colony, tho pursuit of agriculture, and feel a conviction that it will increase and thrive. Hot summers — days of exhaustion as were experienced iu the early days of the gold-fields, when the soil was only broken for what might be found deep beneath its surface, are not experienced now, for the moisture given forth from the earth is far greater than of yore, because of its surface cultivation ! Cultivators and se lectors go on, and, unless all theories are wrong, as to the benefits resulting from using the earth as it should be used " burnt crust" James Smith notwithstanding pros perity of the healthiest kind will attend you. The inhabitants of Avoca and district seem to have been unfortunate of late in suffering fractures of legs, arms, ribs, and other bones of the human anatomy. During the last few days we have had to chronicle two instances of this kind, and previ ously quite a numoer or otner accidents, ana on Wednesday last Mr Allanson, of Avoca, sustained a severe fracture of the leg. Immediately on the occurrence of the accident Dr Mc.Mahon attended the sufferer and set the limb, and yesterday he was conveyed to the Amherst Hospital, where he was kindly received, and will no doubt obtain all the attention the nature of his case demands. It will be observed by a notification iu our adver tising columns that an extraordinary meeting of shareholders in the Melbourne and Avoca Company is convened for Thursday the 5th of June. The business is to sanction the increase of capital by the issue of new shares. At meetings recently held by our local amateurs it has been decided on that two performances shall be given, one at Avoca and one at Talbot. We are pleased with the intelligence that" in "a most friendly spirit there will be an amalgamation of the dramatic talent from the two places, and everyone is determined to do tbeir best to secure really bene ficial results to the two hospitals of Maryborough and yimherst, to both of which the inhabitants of Avoca and district in a social and benevolent sense' are largely indebted. 1 1 is probable the pieces to be played at Avoca will be " The Rough Diamond" and the capital farce of ." My turn" next" with a short consert interlude. We are happily favored with the promises of amateui ladies to assist on the occasions. An old colonial resident named: Power, engaged on Mr Quarterman's station, who has had cpnr sidersble experience of the habits of game in the old country, reports having seen several hares under the ranges to the southward -of the-run during the last few weeks, so that the acclimatization of this kind of prolific and excellent game may' now be said to be fairly established in the neighborhood. As a matter of convenience both to its" mem bers and the public the ordinary sitting of the Avoca Shire Council was postponed until Thursday next from yesterday, when it will take place at the usual place at Moonambel. ,v. We again remind our readers, of the sale of Crown land by public auction at the Court House, Avoca, on Tuesday next. All the; lots to be dis posed of are situated near the township, of Bung Dong. ' V ui J a, We noticed yesterday with no little pleasure the appearance of our pretty little local pack of hounds at the heels of the horse of the master of the hunt,5 with 'Mr W. H. Ford as whip, under whose charge the beagles now are. We observed a few days since at the kennels at No. One Creek a rather numerous progeny of pi etty little puppies, and their ap pearance showed that every care-has been taken as to management and rearing. Now that hares are becoming plentiful in the district we hope to see a continuance of the good old English sport of hunting, and to realize the lines of the old graphic description of Somerville in his poem of " The. chase" : " See. how each young houiuV 5 ' : Strains o'er the lawu to. reach the distant pack, "While all the hills re-echo with the cry i Y; Winch thrills each nerve with sort of trembling 'joy."- By the way more support ought to be given do, our Hunt Club. Mere talking is worse than valueless, and but for the true sportsmanlike spirit of a very select few our gallant little pack would have "loner since become one of the " lost advantages" we hear so much of. We would add a hope that hares will not be shot— rfor the present at least. It will be observed .that on Sunday week special services will be held in the Wesleyan school-house ; at Rathscar, and that a Tea-meeting will be held in the afternoon of the Wednesday following, when addresses will he delivered at its conclusion. We have received the favor of a very large and handsomely colored map of central Asia, bein" a specimen of those to be presented gratuitously by the proprietors of the Australasian to the subscri bers of that journal with tile issue of Saturday, 10th May. A map of this portion of the world has just now more than usual interest, owing to the proceeding of Russia- and; their probable effects upon t he British policy in : the east. The iiqap is prepared in a first class manner bp;Mr Stanford, of London and contains a great'.deal more informatioiYthart is 1 pupplied by ordinary maps, / Melbourne Punch is especially good this week the wit being keen without a tinge of vulgarism- The chief engraving underlined " the cold substance of opposition" is remarkably well drawn, and the likenesses of the legislators easily recognizable, that of Mr Casey remarkably so. The big snowball bearing the names of the most important topics to be dealt with in the session calls forth the remark from Mr Francis, " Never mind boys, it will soon melt away." The whole number is well managed. We distinctly recommend the Australian Jour nal for May to the notice of our readers. The contents nre well worth reading and are of sterling quality, without the " blood and thunder" of cheap English periodicals. Mr Marcus Clarke's capital story of " Long Odds" is continued, and is well illustrated. .The poetry: is .far above ;the"'ordihary-: level, and there is a very pretty little song com posed by Professor Hughes, called "Days that have been," and a nice bit of blank verse entitled "Marguerite." We remind our readers that Mr De Saxe, den tist, of Ballarat, will visit Avoca on Monday next, when he may be consulted at the' Avoca Hotel, between the hours of eight a.m. and two p.m. A sad accident happened in the bay between Schnapper Point and lYlordialloc on Sunday night, and one life was lost. The yacht Secret, belonging to Mr W. F. King, was returning from Schnapper Point to Melbourne on Sunday evening, having on board the owner and his son, and;several others, including Mr R. R, Campbell, a young man who was in the employment of Messrs. E. and G. Dance, Flinders Lane. The yacht encountered heavy weather, and Mr Campbell, in attending to the foresail, fell overboard, and was drowned. During the efforts made to pick the unfortunate man up heavy seas struck the boat, put out the binnacle light, and the vessel became unmanageable and went ashore about four miles from Mordialloc. The occupants kept in the boat as well as they could till daylight, when they waded ashore. One of their number a young man named Marshall, who had taken off his clothes to be ready for a swim, and who did not put them on again, was nearly killed by exposure, but according to latest informa tion yesterday afternoon, was progressing favorably, A woman named Paterson or Hyde, residing in Ashby, Geelong, who has, on account of alleged poverty, been in receipt of aid from the Ladies' Benevolent Association for some time, died suddenly on Monday morning. Sewed up in her stays was found a deposit receipt for £108, and silver amounting to two pounds, and in her boxes were found silk dresses, a silver watch with gold chain, gold ring, and other valuables, proving that a miserly spirit had induced her to give a wrong account of her position in life in order to insure the practical sympathy of the ladies of the institution. If what a correspondent sends us ( Ararat Ad- User) concerning an eaglehawk is correct, it is hard to tell how often they have balanced accounts with the flock master. Our informant says : — " On Wednesday last I had occasion to call at the hut of a boundary rider on the Richardson, and on returning I noticed an unusual commotion amongst a large flock of sheep in one of the paddocks. There were two dogs amusing themselves by run ning the sheep down and killing them. One was medium sized and the other unusually small, who yelped after his larger companion as though he was doing all the work. I was about to ride in chase, when I saw that there was another observer as well as myself, in the shape of a large eaglehawk quietly hovering above the running dogs, The larger of the two mongrels soon outstripped the little one, who appeared to take the chase leisurely after a time and follow the scent. As he stopped the pursuit for a moment the hawk sailed suspici ously near, and the large dark thing bearing down attracted his attention. Placing his tail between his legs he ran back in a paroxysm of fear, but the hawk was upon him before he had made twenty yardy, and in a moment the little mongrel was howling ten feet in the air. The bird leisurely sailed away with his capture, and disappeared past a clump of trees." If the Ovens Spectator is correet, Mr Justice H uhams has made a dangerous charge to a jury at the Beechworth Circuit Court. The Spectator says the judge charged the jury that if they con sidered the prisoner had acted under the influence of. alcoholic Doison — if he had been so druuk aa to possess no mind of his own, then he ought to be acquitted. Upon this the Spectator remarks : — Let the ruling of Judge Williams be established as sound, and let it come to be generally acted upon, and we will have the criminal either feigning drunkenness or getting drunk beforehand in order that he may, in case of detection, escape the penalty due to his crime by the ready made defence of intoxication. The Hon. Henry Morgan Murphy, M.L.C., was charged on summons by the- police,' -at- the District Police Court on Monday, with cruelty to a greyhound belonging to Mr Pear, of the Post office Hotel Eiilaheth-street, in throwing a tableknife at it, thereby stabbing the dog... Eyidence for. the prosecution was given substantially, to the same effect as the account given in: a paragraph which has already appeared. Mr Murphy was not in at tendance, but was represented by Mr T. Miller, solicitor, who said that the summons was not served till Friday, at Sorrento, on Mr Murphy, who had not been able to come up or prepare the defence. A postponement was. asked for by Mr. Miller, and was granted for a' week, after the prin evidence for the prosecution had been given. . .As an illustration .of the turn of the tide, the Peak Boions Telegram states tliat a large squatting firm ou the Darling Downs reduced its liabilities with a bank the other day by paying off in one sum £65,000. , The Ararat Advertiser reports the catching of Murray cod in the Wimmera river, at Crowlands, is now a common occurrence. . A couple of days ago one .was landed which, weighed six pounds, and subsequently two others were caught, one of which weighed three pounds and the other two pounds and a half. Hitherto the Wimmera has been famous for black- fish, but : the cod will-soon make all the smaller fry disappear.- - - ; -During thelast few days it has been ascertained that a man almost in a nude state has been wan dering in the ranges between the Anakies and Steiglitz districts. He has visited some of the out-of-the-way places where females alone are to be met with. Be has invariably asked for matches, and permission to warm himself at the fire,- and is, apparently quitej harmless. The burden of his story is, that he has lost two horses, and is in search of them. . He is otherwise incoherent, and is evidently not in his right mind. A farmer in the distriet.m.et.him.a.day or. two since among the fern.in the ranges, but lie did not talk rationally. Theipolice; are out in search, but have not yet succeeded in catching this jvild man of the woods. On the resumption ' of the .Circuit.. Court on Tuesday morning, The Bendigo Advertiser reports : —"Pierre Borhuu the Frenchman who had pleaded guilty to the murder of Mrs Smith, was called, up for sentence, On entering the dock he gave H is Honor, Judge . Williams a military salute, and his cool and unconcerned demeanor, together with the solemnity of the occasion, created a great sensadon., s On "being .asked why the sentence of death should not be passed, he replied i in a firm and deliberate tone that he had nothing to say. After some feeling: remarks' by his counsel, Mr Martley, His Honor sentenced the prisoner to death without hope of mercy, remarking the prisoner's motive in committing such an atrocious crime was beyond the comprehension of human intelligence, aud only known to himself. The prisoner was tlien removed, and conveyed to the gaol, where he was placed in the condemned cell. The Belfast correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes that the discovery of coal in Bel- fast turns out to be a ruse-, invented by a man in this town, for the purpose of : playing a practical joke on the editor of the Belfast Gazzette. The alleged discoverer found the sample of coal on his own, premises, and to make his story good, said he got it within four miles of Belfast," and that " there were thousands of tons where that came ftom." No doubt of it. The, coal came from Newcastle; "A most singular accident," writes the Moutit Alexander Mail, ' occurred ou Monday to a youhv girhpamednna; Maria Frazer, residing-witlrher parents at l aradale. Some few days, back- the phi!d? who is uine years .pld, while, on her way...to school picked up what she thought was a tin pencil holder. Into one end of this she placed a piece of slate pencil, and used it accordingly. Yesterday, while at home with her mother, she began probing the other end of the tube with a hair pin, to take out something which appeared to be filling up the cavity, when it suddenly exploded with a report sufficiently loud to render both her and her mother deaf for some minutes. On re covering themselves, it was discovered that such had been the force of the explosion that the thumb of the left hand was so shattered to the palm as to be cut off ; the end of the third finger was taken clean off, while the whole hand was punctured with small holes to the depth of about half an inch. The right hand was also very much injured and riddled with "holes similar to the left; the right eye is much burned and inflamed. But the most singular part of the affair is that a large round piece has been .torn, clean out of her dress and the lining, laying bare the steel busk of her stays — the edges of this hole bearing no traces of the explosion beyond a slight smell of fire. As the excision was directly over the region of the heart, there can be no doubt that but for the presence of the stays the result would have been fatal. The child was im mediately brought to the local hospital, and her wounds attended to. The supposed pencil case was probably a detonating tube used in the explosion of dynamite. The danger of leaving tubs of scalding water about where young children are was on Thursday last illustrated in the case of a child 18 months old, the son of a farmer named Briggs, residing at East Newlands. A tub of hot water had been placed outside the door, and the child was playing about the yard, when it fell in, and died in a few hours afterwards from the effect of the scalds. Dr. Talbot was sent for, but before he arrived the poor little sufferer had expired. 