THE MURRAY RAILWAY QUESTION. ... A meeting, called by requisition to the Mayor^ of Strathalbyn (Mr. W. Uolmanj, was held on Monday, August 11, at Hooper's Terminus Hotel, Strathalbyn, for the purpose of con« sidenng the Murray trade " question. There ware about eighty gentlemen present, and the "Mayor presided. - The Chairman read apologies for absence from the members for Encounter Bay (the Hon. T. Reynolds, M.P.,"and Mr. V. Rogers, M.P.) and Dr. Fergus son. He then called upon Mr. B. J. Hector, who moved "That it is inexpedient to construct a railroad from Ade laide to;the River Murray, the existing faci lities being sufficient for the present trade." The River Murray, he said, was already con nected with Adelaide by three macadamised roads, viz., one to Blanchetown, one to Man num, and one to Milang, besides having a tramway from Goolwa to Victor Hatbor, whilst . a f great deal of. money had been expended upon Victor Harbor to make it a suitable port for shipping. The point, however, urged by the merchants in'Adelaide, in the ad vocacy of the'railway' scheme, was, that at pre sent the delay in conveying goods to these ports was so great that we|'must lose the river trade if'things were unaltered. He pointed out 'that there was ho' difficulty in getting woo!to Ade laide. It was only a question:, of time. The teams usually occupied about two and-a half days!; Another difficulty urged was, that at Port Victor vessels could not be loaded with sufficient dispatch to secure the market, and that in order to obtain, that dispatch for wool to England, a railway, must, be constructed from Adelaide to Maunum, at acostestimated by ohe engineer at £400,000... The expenditure, however, was not confined ' to that -estimate, for ; others had reckoned that a railway "suoh as proposed would cost from £800,000 to £1,000,000. The whole of that outlay was to get 18,000 bales per' annum ^ from the Darling. The merchants expected by r this expenditure to wrest from' Victoria the whole of the Murrumbidgee - and - Darling trade,'1as' well as that of' the Murray. In orJ.er to make the public believe in. the . practicability, ,-and"' advantage of the scheme, figures were read before the Cham ber of Commerce by Mr. Charnook,. which he (the speaker)^'maintained were altogether fal lacious. 'Mr. Charnock estimated that there were 200,000 square mileB'of Darling, Murrum |Jbidgee-, and Murray River country, which in 10 years would contain 15 000,000 'sheep. ; That .area, of country they ; all knew, at -present was 'only' occupied by about 5,030,000 sheep of mixed sexes and ages.; Mr.. Oharnock further estimated that' the produce of that; area of country in" the 10 years wo.uld be 225,000 bales of wool, or at the"- rate of 6f :lbs;; of - wool per sheep.r'; Many: doubtless were acquainted yrithr-the .nature. of Merino sheep, and'•would say that : estimate of the yield'f wal' far too/high. He contended that 'under that estimate something more than the natural "increase must be-reckoned on ; —for, .taking' the iiooks as being mixed} he maintained that the; Slip .would /not/go so'higiuas G| lbs. sheep. ;.T(Mr./;Laiider—" Yes.'0s --Then, the per sh IKiverine .district; was;7expectedrftpjr support 15,000,OOO j sheep iu 10 yeais. ' Now,""the area of Victoria—which , was the pick, of the Aus tralias raa regarded pastoral . land—was 8fi, 000 square miles, and, comparing -the Riverine distiict, which was . subject to dry sc-asous land - droughts; ;-i ;they~; ;would,,-. find .- that .'there .were six. and a half millions of sheep in Victoria| | so thatjto come up to;Mr. .Charn§ok's estimate, the Riverine, district' would require to support as (manyrsheep7per square ;-mile as the richest? palstoral territory in the Australias, which the Riverine district? was not.: /Then, comparing; Riverina with. Tasmania,Iwith". its -superior; climate, they found the area to be .1,700,000 sqinre miles, or about..ooe-.eightli the size of Riverina, -so that;-theflatter country would only produce about' "thirteen million.;sheep.- Ho - thoughtby fthese com parisons it would be seen,that Mr. Ghar'nock was wrong in/'making it appear th.t the trade was so- large that -it would -pay-to-oonstruct a ^railway to the'Murriy. V (Hear,/hear.) Such a scheme was altogether premature, .although perhaps a railway might'be wanted some day— ("No")—to "Manuum,...Blanchetown, dr.. the North-Vest Bend. " The country, however, at present haisnfficient. to do in .repairing roads, and, if they wanted railway s, in extending their present lines'. The Northern Areas were crying out for roads and ports, and he -therefore thought it'would fie d great waste mf-money to 'carry out 'shch a scheme as: was- proposed when other parts of the colony required 'assistance so badlyi" "Another thing, there" was no labor ia ; the. colony ; ;and if suchla project as pro ,X?.oEed.W9re'commenced/'all the labor which was available for.;^more '.important works would be ■diverted-, and the; development - of- thoser re sources which tended to increase,,the revenue and benefit the colony'would be jaopardised. : (Applause). " . 7 " ' ' v ^ ; /Mr.—Jamhs Rankine, J.P., - seconded the motion.; -He thought, even if : Mr. Charnock's figures -cenld be accepted as true,-the scheme of a railway to tUa.. Murray was inexpe dient. It. ■'"would-v not.; be worth ** the cost of construction, except . to a vfew Adelaide merchants and the Bquattergr.in the Riverine districts. It therefore became them to consider whether it was worth while to carry out a soheme which would only benefit a-small class of the community and; another colony, whilst the;bulk-of :the community, was taxed to pay for it,. ;(Hear, hear.!) iIt was well known .to, all there that goed s which no.w, went up the river paid no duty, but that our .Government paid Now South Vales £13,000' as the estimated s duty ^previously' collected upon such ■ goods. Previously to that arrangement the duties were collected ; at the various ,Murray -Ports from which .the..goods were shipped, but now the revenuedid not -benefit fby.goods going, up: the Iriyer; and therefore th e merchants, in his Opinion, got, the; benefit of this £13,0001 If a railway were constructed there, would- be no return whatever..... It also appeared a Railway was not required, as iHejr had all the facilities necessary for the trahsporfof goods." If.the railway were /extended; into,the .Northern areas*f ho revenue would be benefited by the Gustoms oa'thle .goods sent up* the land through which the line passed would tbe enhanced in -value, and the Govern ment would probably be reimhursed .somewhat upomthe outlay-,by the ready sale of landialong ;ther,Une;..but tp~construct a railway;to the Murray, he ;ar|ued, "waa unnecessary with the present facilities for land carriage from Manhum, fMilang, cmany other-point ."along the-river. All that.;was needed by .the, teamsters to "ensure .quicker, transij; Awas "a'' remunerativeprice for cartage, whilst if "proper, arrangements ^were made^ very—little-more -tiihe - would be itakeriiup inStKifl ^y. beyond: the-time pccqpiad in yhe-.conveyance., of goods,by "rail, "He quite ,cpnfirmed;l^r.£^ectbr's f§ureSi:Usa proof^th^t Mr. ["amount of .tjade which'would come down the river.-' His •experience was that, leaving out the lambs, 100 fleeces wpuid.'--go- id- the bale; [so "that- Mr._ Oharnock,r.inihis.estimate of ,225,000,-bales, had" over-estiuiated his figures by 70,000, bales. - (Mr. Lander^—5.'No;'). That-, was 'hi? • experience in woohgrowing.--.Looking at the.-letter. from the Phainber of'Commerce" to the.Gpyernmerit,, they • would see that it was admitted that,the proposed scheme-would not pay expenses jfor many year3 to comei which*'seemed-to him-'to be'a poor ar gument in'-its" fa™^ a.great deal for the'prbmoters "of: anything to admi*; In his opinion such a'line would'never pay.- It:seemed the- expensSof bringing wool down-the fiver to this .colony, was much less;thau to take it to Victoria, so that there must be a very great at traction' which drew it there. if Mr. ;Acraman, in \- referring! to soma of-: the reasons why .wool growers preferred to go to Melbqurne, said -freights—nn wool- from South -_-Austialia -to ' England -" were ^ double * wSat./ they were? from Melbourne that Hi'at alone was ja serious matter ; and . that >he (Mr. -AcramaD) had had large quantities of wool at Port "Victor, and people preferred, to pay 8s. to get to Melbourne to paying 2s., 6d.. to get it to Port Adelaide. According to -Mr. E. Allen, jun., the freight by way of Echuca to Mel bourne was £7 18s.,• whilst from Victor Harbor it was- only £3 15a. ; and yet, notwithstanding that difference in freight; the wool went on to Melbourne. He thought it had been clearly shown that wool could-he-conveyed- as cKfea$ly by teams as by the railway—in fact, he con sidered it could .be conyeyed cheaper£And" everything having been done that,Vo^d -dbdnch the trade to come to South AustraliaYhe;pro£' tested moat earuestly against a.railwayybeing constructed to the Murray, as he maintained it would only increase their national debt, whilst it would only be a benefit to one clasBfof the community.(Applause). . . V " Mr. B. Allen, jun,, poihtedout that. Mr. Rankine was mistaken in - saying that the £13,000 whioh our Government paid" ta 'New South Wales was so much saved to the mer chants,; It was hot. so, but1 ;was^simply:ccL lected at Port Adelaide in the lump sum.upon goods going up the River, instead of being col lected at the River ports on the way up. v Be fore this arrangement was made, the squatter, if. he ordered goods, paid the duty, not the mer chant. He thought alBo Mr. Heotor -would have-been nearer the mark'if-he had estimated tite quantity of wool coming down the Darling at the present time at 12,000 bales rather than 18,000. He was, however,1 prepared to;prpye that it could he increased „to. 50,000; bales,"A railway'would never' secure it, for if "it" were a question of railway, the wool would go by Jwhy of Eohuca. Mr. Ranking still .believed .the. meyohamis benefited under the existing att"jmgement.Lf-The; squatters might eventually pay the duty/ but ; the merchant stuck it on bis charges.!".; .M fd P Mr. Allen, as a shipping agent, knewcthe merohants paid. the: duty when? theyr -shipped the goods, and they'oeftainly"!ch«ge^suffi.2 ciently on delivery to covef that duty .and, return them a profit. The m erchant. _now-had only to pay South Australian -duly, "whereas former,y.he paid both.; ^ "J.-'v T-.r Mr. A. H. Landseeb.had mnch?pleasuipiri supporting the resolution.^ " He rhonsider&d; . a railway to the Murray would be wrausiootampi sense and justice to. South AustraRa." (Heshi. hear.) He would" first'of all look_atjthis trade, as if the territory through which .the .river ran. ■belonged to South'Australia; 'and he'thought-ib* should-be borne- out by that meeting:when'he. Btated that, even if such were .the case, the facilities- offered tothe trade - * v?erd: • fully' adequate to its requirements. They had| ah excellent seaboard, rqad at one end, with a tramway connecting -it 11 miles in length, and goods could be brought along it. from -the Bteainers at Goolwa and put " on board! at from 17s. 6d. to £1 per ton. They had a good land road _by way of Milang, over wbjioh goods could be taken to the city at dead, weight at the rate of 25s. person/ and aljmg another road-from a little higher up' the riyer the average was 27s. 6 i. to 30s. If the river territory belonged'" 'to South Australia they should consider these facilities amply-suffi cient, j; (Hear, hear.) In addition£tq fihih it was a notorious. fact -that within the-last" few weeks the four principal" steamers be longing to the C trade had carried heivy cargoes through the Murray... mouth—(Ap plause)—and that1; day thereVjwas a letter from Captain George Johnston in' the Register' . Bpeaking--in high terms of/it. "-He doubted •whether it would behonesfr, td look nponiit in the mildest sense,-to tax the pop'ulation~£2 per head for this scheme which had been proposed by some of their worthy friends in Adelaide. Out of a network of rivers of about 5/000 miles, of navigation South Austral id1 held only 468 miles, at one end of which"was Victoria, and at the other NewSoutlaWales. '"Victoria in the most straightforward manner Bays determinedly, "South AustiaUa shall not jeap:th0henefit of onr population," and she protects her produce by charging a duty of 40s. per ton on flour, 20s.1 on wheat, and£18.13F,4d, oa'.soapl . In Addi tion to this there was 5s, wharfage charged, though they might have to land the goods on the river bahk, so thai bo far as the rivet ran through Victorian country he'thought^they "niight con; aider themselves as .absolutely shut out-.. New South Wales, as she was not in a position to do the trade herself, not baying .pushed her rail ways to the river, kindly consented,.to take £47,000 from Victoria and £13",000 from- South, Australia, so that they might forward what goods they could to' the river squatters; jjnd when they remembred that the Melbourne,, merchants had managed to-get Victoria to tax her population to the tune of £S per"head to, build a railway to further their interests, theji' might congratulate-the prooioters on the suc cess of their scheme, and be yery.happy j to see South Australia adopt any such scheme. Though they paid £i 3,000 per annum; for this trade, they must' remeinbo'r that they had not y6t-spent their million-of money to connect Adelaide, with the Murray,. . Why dil New South Wales, when the asked Victoria £47,000 lor the share of trade she was-doing,-only ask South Austialia £13,000, except that it showed the latter was doing less of the trade? Imihe; diately on South Australia "making a railway to tho Murray New South Wales would expect £20,000 or £30,000—(hear, hear)—and should they refuso to pay she would only make'terps with Victoria to farm the duties as before; jit would be a most brilliant speculation certainly; to construct a railway for such.a trade!. Hd should feel .deeply grieved to see their, young cqlony duped 1 and fooled into - entettairfihg'-'suilh! a scheme as this,-' and-'he was certain evqry thinking colonist mast come .to .the.,same c6n olusio'c. Looking at the. warmth' displayed jatJ the late meeting of the Chamber of Commerce,.] and the - prominenoy Man'nnm -assumed, one would almost think that some members of. the Chamber had-a lease of that inva'uahle sppfc, and he was very gratified that. Messrs., Qoode and Acraman took the stand they did,-fair they both seemed to think that-if they did not s*;ep forth and' say' something in. this, matter the Chamber would feel almost committed to the Mannum Railway scheme. Aftef referringtto Mr, A-craman's remarks, and his .statement that even three railways would not secure the Murray trade, he said, in addition to the'fact of freights being lower from Victoria than from Port Adelaide, he would show how distorted faots must be to attempt to show that South Australia held even the ghost of a chancejas regarded Riverina wools. Hay, on. the Mur rumbidgee, which was about the- most 'central and one of ihe leading townships iu that locality,, was from Adelaide about 'the same" distance !as "Wilcannia,, on the River "Darling,. was." He wished them particularly to note the figures he! would now give"Washed wool frtm Wilcanaia to Mannhm, per ton; - as per fates egried -to (per steamer), £6 5s;; Mannum Railway,iwhen construoied as per Mr. Chaximck'j} rates, £1 Is. = £7 63". Wool,' 'as' per 'statement an Register, from Euohuoa to Melbourne, per tain, £2 53. 6d.; steamer- freight; rfrom Hay jto Echuca, £2=£4 51. 6 J. This gave £3 Os. CJ. in favor of the route- by Eofiuci'" atfd^Hay. AIri Cliarcook gave the figures for this route even lower. Teey weref as folloivsx—Wool from Echuca to Williamstown, £l 19j; 2di-peF ton; steamer freight frotn llay to Echuca, £2 = £3 19s. 2d. This last-showed a clear saving to the shipper of wool from, Hay ofl£;yi?,t4$I. pCr ton, besides a oheaper ratq, of,.freight, jfrq'm Victoria. He gave no agency charges in either oasej' as' they' wdttld:;ba '•ahbui;-'ilSiei-'Shie? Did this look like bfeirig>jabl&?'to rr compete with Victoria for Kiverine wool ? Yet the promoters of this mad railway scheme would try to make the public believe there was a chance. To show how -determined the pro moters of this. Mannum Kail way; .were,"" "they might note that they had been ground jto Adelaide Insurance Offices, to get an "extra-rate of insurance put on- to ..vessels crossing;>the" Lake, though there had not beqh a single-package; damaged in vessels goiug.upwardsf£pp,I5~year=s and not a .- bale pf wool. lost,-V I (Applause ) Traly a Msnnutn craft came to"grief By gel.ting on a sandspit, and damaged-.a lot-of wool, and another vessel got ashore, having left her anohor at home. (Laughter and applause.) But for" every accident on the Lake they could count 20 up the river, and in many instances with losses of wool, which there was nociti the cases he bad mentioned. It waB merely a matte^Cf -drying. No doubt a Melbourne Insurance'.Company, would Boon put this matter right. He had spoken to captains, and they had told him th,at there was less danger,in crossing theLaka than in taking one of the sharp bends of the river, Lately, strange to say, aU men who had sur veyed Victor Harbor—and many were men of note—and who had stated that with little cost it could be made a splendid harbor, were held up as ignorant pretenders, and it was said thht the harbor was no good. This had only dome about in a-shortspace of time. It was also said] that there were too many ports on the river. TKtee was the number* and,: according to :his humble'experience of trade, he had^always con sidered-that competition was'the spirit ^of trade —'{applause)—and he had no hesitation in saying that ' tbe; -Darling squatters had- found that to be the case, for he believed that they got their goods from -Adelaide "for half what they. paid ten years ago.. The action- taken lately in order -to force Manhnm" Upen the squatters • by increasing. .the~insurance, making difficulties where none existed", and, in order to carry on. the Mannnm_ scheme, forming com binations•ainobg-.the shipowners at rates agreed to, would just drive the Darling squatters and' merchants ..to.Echuca to seek that which they found South "Australia did not offer them, viz:*: fair trading, • (Applause,) This came of tryiug to force' a' certain- 'route' at nvo matter what" ctost to- suit a few interested parties. (Applause.) If c they, were / able "to ' spend/a large'sum' of money, for a railway, let them see that it led to ,thb Northern areas and mineral districts, which were pining for want of oemmuxdcatibn".;. or, at' -ieMti'^|o^pur''bwk'^ntpi^ inherewe asBumqd; not merely the position of carriers.to the col.oby*} but tbokdhties for fhe'general benefit of (tlie;co leny. Let them tbinkfor a moment that'when the-y 'say^'a'dozen.p^se of,spirits in,.transit that it had ■pAia 20s. into the 'cbmmo'n-Tidjbsnfy; a quarter* cask £14 to £17; a ohest of tea £1 I s. a half tierce of tobacco" £40.( l .Thislwds" the/case when the goods-were .eonsumed by our own people. 1 A railway for tHe Murray trade would just reverse"' this," for We^bandei'pyer the;,dutiesT'to NeW: Sottth;'\Valesin'alnmpsum.:,',.iWouIdrauysahe thai, who hadthpd.nterest'of.bur young'cblonjj at' ieaJt usb.ail.his public funds for such a work as'j h jailway::foiLtherMnrray ,trade under the oir-1"rj \- cumtrtanbes ?~!He:h"ad/hoped they had committed -.f3liy]enpugh-regafding the Murray for one while .'byr sehdin;g^ho^e: :fort.;that obstruction J to Alurrajr navigation caned; the Murray Bridge, which they were urecting-near Thomson's at a-, most "of thousands .to ..the. colony, and under,!] iwlubh-'ah'brdinatyisailifig.bbatof 10 tons woqldj not Jje. able,to .pass. - -It. commenced in-the land! of "misery, and ended on the other in a countrjr" of; bog and despair..- (Laughter.) - .It>beifijyed them -^eU^tp- watch'and carefully to.iobk'into 'this matter." He__hpped that the Southern districts would put themselves into communi oation.with,the Nbrthern,ones;j and,; if- need be, the country/would rise? to. a man-before'such a | Wilf ul sacrifice of public .money, should be made as spehdihg it in/^'a railway to "the Murray. /(Cheers.) He; hoped they., would /see tfiat the Legislature was fully conversant with tfie.feots; aud it was only by/agitation and calling their attention,to a. matter, that, they could plaoe them jn that/cqnditibn!; looked upon it ias domination-to-attempt to foroe the scheme/in such a way upon /the/colony for snoh purposes. ,As, to the point i in idbpntejofitween <Mr. Allen hh&J;*Mr. '*ibM^v^eL,mfeh^b]ied" that whbn goods were sqtft/up!-'the oharges were made upon the squatter whether directly or included in the pjrice, charged for the .goods. Hnder existing <ciroumstasces we bdund ourselves |to •pay'' into^the-' New South ' Wales- Treasury £{.3,000. a': yhar.for ihJeeyeafsYJbut supposing j the Darling in its kindness should' take up the j idea of "closing for 18 months, as'it did before, .it/would-place the. colony-in-an awkward-posi tion.-- He did not think i^outh • Australia-, was In a better position than sheVas' before/ /Goods sent up paid duty/all'tho. samp. (Mr. Rankine —"It is paid by the Government; not indi vidually.'') He id not paydt'himself.ibut the obuhtry"paidlt.,rr, MrsADDls6N /expressed balire, concurrence-in "thfelviews-set fcfrtK iby -Mr. -iLandseer, who had shown that a railway to any point on the MnKay^wo_uld: not; secure the rivert/trade. >It would be a cruel, shame to burden the whole community in: a/-' matter of this kind for the bonefit of the few. (Applause.) If they wished tofight* Victoria in the 'matter"-of the -river trade/they must, use other; /weapons:;} than Victoria fought ■; with. / If the Go vernment wished to obtain, the; Murray trade ' ./he / thought/ they 'should adopted -'Oabtiua "'JoBihsoii'i1. suggestion^", 'aaclr take the risk of making the Murray; mouth, navigable, fhe-iisle would not be Vbiy-=great*" and-if it was | it inight bd-'divided with- the Insurance Coin- j panies. He.thought--they should,all oppose a'uch- AnwAbominable expenditure rast; was .pro posed in this railway scheme.: •'{•>' \ r; - > ' : " ;Mr." Landseeb remarked that it was singular 'thecqu'eStibh of/subsidising-a/'boat; to1 navigate the Murray biiouth- should -be "mooted;:"at /that meeting. •.^eawSagpowhen;:MA'>Dttjdi.-.:^s in Parliament het brought- the matter; under * his /hoticfffahd he-'wroSised-to bring it 'befom/Piir liament, but'he did riqt'do 8&1//Becentl'y Some of their fellbW/obldnisfs^having/snffSred through th"e"failure- of'.thetr.ofops1-a^)plie,d;to Government for seed wheat*; but-recbrved; a reply'".that! it ^Wasiuhconstitutibnal,5 and he did not think fit would be constitutionaluow'to subsidise a boat :-tb assis't'-the-Kiverinkoand-Darling Equatter's to bring their produce through the Murray-mouth. (Applause).' vms sA j The resolution; :ou/ rbeing':. put;; was -Carried nem.con.~r . -..V i Mrf 'HECTOB' thbn movbd a resolution to the effeot that a ^ircular'bV for warded to all Mem bers i)l_ ,^a®igihentY!aSdIGhairmeh} b£)District Councils, .'soliciting ;their "earnest opposition to | ,qny scheme-/which jnight be ^brought before 'Parliament to'pfovide'for such/a wasteful .ex penditure." "He thought "the poin¥s~ref erred to in the circular had bee&jSO-; enlarged upon ; that ;it/was; quite,unnecessary for himtto Eay-any "thing further-than tomove the resolution. Mr. Allen seconded the motion, and Mr., It an KINS supported It. '; hH The. Cha/BMAN observed that, a's'thd-members for* the district", were present, perhaps the meet ing wordd like to hear an expression of their views upon the subject/- (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. A..E. "VVest-Keskixe, M.P., said he attended more togain informatibn/than to speak, and wasl ahxioUs to be'preseht. as/he was not able attend the recent meeting at the Meadows. He had read the reports in the papers, and fonnd there were many statistics to go through • a check; * He,told: Mir. Charnook at'the meeting fin White's Booms "the other day—when1' he th&w; down the apple of discord, as was said— for the proceedings were going on so har rnbniously'that things; would1 .have/ beohcarVied .pretty, well .as, they/wisbbd,had"he not'tihovbd an amendment for_th.e Bake of creating discus sion—that .nothing" was "more, fallacious thbn -figures,;; It; diUjiiot matter,much .whetberltho quantity of weoL.broqgpt down was Is.000 bales or 12^000,^- 'but he thoroughly agreed;prttihr-My.• Baakine,^.saying, that Mr. Oharnock's" figures were over"* estimated when !he, said" the) clip avera^pd^fiJ'Ibs,': |pef' s^Sep, 'especially as from many of~ttte large' Darling stations,"-"which} formerly-:S.enlr, .down.iwoel-fin grease, ; ;the < rwool. .wq-B..; sent .down washed, thus '"malhrig"'" h ' vbryj.Mate rial* differeibe m:l3 tb&55 weightsi-->5TheJ dumping^'-up*- the river would enable them to bring down more than previously.;- Nothing, he ^-thought,- had beenBaidJ about. a&-alternative 'scheme- which might be imprqyed. , He thought,a . thorough pra'otibal^''7 :iengiiieer: -'''"sHojulchbe 'f engagbd to report' ::hpblf^ithe!: rerative"-advantages of the Murray^mo^th^jind^a-panal from GoolWa to Port Yihtor/aiid' as" to * the practicability of eitheriaSiV.meaitfjof ^urMgrthentriver: trade. -There was nq doubt, the-.present Chief'jS.qcretpy was iirifinroi'of-5#? tailWay to 'Mannuih,' bbfcause it was in;>his-.district,t-nnd jit had received £1,500 for extension of telegraphic communica* tiemto~it, when there', was- an office- at'Blanche town..^; Mr.i-Blyth hadnrgedjthat steamers did not call at Blanohetqrynj. but. wenfc-on to Man num; but,, he..^Mr.",,'^estl_poihted out that BiauohstoWri-was'the last- pbrt'of departure for, and the .first, of. ontry from, New South Wales. The 'Son, "member bad got va 'soratch°paqk together; but nevertheless.tif'they •wer'e.godd men they should receive hisJ'support; hut he must warn them' to.be careful in bringing forward this soheme of" a railway to the; Murray. ,He did not ^believed it would he oar riedopt, as-he cquld.not see how-the settlers inlthe north'would'quietly allow-a railway to be constructed paralel to roads leading to water carriage, while they not the faoilities for, conveying their qwn .produoei.vto. a market by means of roads. (Applause.)^ If the Mur ray trade was of so much'value' not only to the Lake districts but to Port Adelaide, he thought the late Ministry were to be; thanked for- seouring .such - a ooncesrion as, free port's 1 alobg " the ~ 'river, -' By pkying " only '£13,000* ' /(Hear, tear.) *; If the/interests of the Murray fradeCwere looked, up/at the end,of three years' he believed'- we should/he glad to get tho contract renewed. (Hear, hear.) He should be in favor of some scheme which/would render the Murray mouth'navigable, if the cost were not disproportiately great to the advan tages to be secured. He had never been through the Murray-"mouth," and, therefore,) was "quite prepared to give way to those more competent to form an opinion. He should, however,-be inclined to support a grant to enable an inves tigation to be made as to-the.respective merits of the Murray mouth and Victor Harbor. - He had been reund Victor Harbor with" a captain,' who .'had taken the soundings in various places, - and "the captain's opinion • was that a very good harbor might be made at a compara tively.trifling^oogtj^by having a .canal and.a', breakwater at the northern end * of-Granite Island. Something :had been said about the employment of -convict.labor,/but happily it was so smali here that it had been shown that it would cost as much, if not more' than , fre£" ■ labor, when the expense- connected with the re : moyal" of .thedabor. was taken into;consideratiou. / Mr./J. G. OEtAiifcAy, M.P., was .gratified with .thecremarks. which bad. been -made in support of the first resolution, because they entirely coincided with his own. They would-remember • that three years ago there was a" motion before tho House relative ..to the question under con sideration, ;ahd\ Jhat a Select Committee was appointed 'which heard ",a great deal of evi rdencev upon 'the subject..))He.was 'notthen ' very' well:acquainted .. with .'.the. .'s.ubject, '''Bht^f^ehh^an 'interest' in; it.;as)a colonist ' He' read • the) eridebce,land he came.tp t]ie' cph clusiohth'at iff would :be) uuwise. it/makea.rail -way tothef Marray at a Cost of £400,000, to secure the river trade. (Applause.) He did not believe the railway would be constructed for anything like the estimate, y He then quoted from tho evidence taken before the iCqmmittee,'. showing that'Mr.'C.harnook at.that tiqie '.expressed - his . strong- advocacy • in favor "fit Port-Victor, r.as a -harbor thoroughly suited 'tuthe.'req^empnts;;of ..theis-shippin'g, whereas now his conscience seemed so elastic that he went in for advocating:.takisg.the,trade;t"o 'Port Adelaide at any price. (Laughter,) ;:If .; there were such attraction for wool-growers -to go ,to„ Melbourne,, .he didnot think any. thiiig' Sotxth" Australia" did would prevent -the—wool going direct "from' Eehuca ' to Melbourne. The whole of the evidence 'went to show that the difficulty to be contended against was not the want of facilities, but the need of.the trade to do; that the difference between the railway and the waggons would be as £1 Is. to £1, and therefore but little advan tage except in a shortening of time; and that ' the railway could only be constructed upon a vote of money snoh as no reasonable man would bo likely to support. He thought the meeting was wise in condemn ing the soheme upon its broad priuciples, and not upon the question as to which was the best route to be adopted, for on that point opinions were widely different. The sum of £400 000 would not construct the railway, and they would Have to pay interest at not It than 50 per cent, which would be additional £20,000. If the country was determined to secure the river trade, it would be a saving of £10,000 a.year for Govern ment to pay a bonus of £5,000 to the cairibrs to convey goods from Port Adelaide to^Mannum— (laughter)—rather than to work a railway which would be losing every day. They must not lose sight of the fact, that in the upper river districts" the settlers could supply themselves cheaper) than - we could do, and, therefore/it was absurd to construct a railway acknowledged to be for that purpose. Mr. Landaeer had, he thought, in his evidence before the Committee, settled the question of/the) Murray trade so conclusively, that he never expected that any many would afterwards be advocating the qon-. struotion of a railway from Adelaide to the Murray. Ho was opposed to. the principle, of making railways, unless it c.uld be" shown that there was a probability of their returning the outlay at no distant date, but he would en courage private enterprise in that direotion by granting-Jandralqng a line-of^railway, or;:wo'uld, under some conditions, giyo a bonus) to) any. Company -that - might undertaker to ""make" and work railways in districts where.the-, land was sold. He would rather facilitate the construction-of a-line to'Port ^Darwin than advocate a raihyay t'o the Murrayi' and.thought it would be wise poiioy to carry their lines as far as settlement had extended, because-he be lieved it would lead to the present short lines becoming remunerative. ! /. It was clearly sh'own' that it was impossible for short lines -to,.pay. against cartage by drays, as farmers could'yery well manage to take their produce to market for a short distance in such a way. If they were goingAo borrow moneys he should say they ought to extend the?r trunk lines; making the roads. as feeders to them. Otherwise the country would be burdened with debt.. He. was extremely glad, the meeting 'had' so .'decidedly " expressed - its views against the "Murray" railway seheme,by carrying the(resolution, unanimously,rand he thought it agudicious'course to-'rfdopt-in for warding ciroulass embodying their views, throughout the colony. " •• " •• Mi. West-Eeskxne, in answer to. Mr. Ban kine as to;the msumer'in) which the SotMh Aus-. tralian'Government reimbursed itsslf4for the I £13,'000 paid to New South Wales for allowing I goods to go up the river free "' 'off [ duty, said the fact was that the.. £13,000 was the amount which yvq formerly! collected for New South Wales, but-that tinder 'the new arrangement it might not necessarily .be £13,000, hut perhaps above or below that sum) in which case either .the "one other Government would benefit by the" amount colledted. • - Mr. A. F. Lindsay, J.P., advocated the ex penditure of money upon Victor Harbor," in' order to .make it, a safe.port, for he,maintained that )gt )a) trifling cosff a hieakwiitfer. mightibe made sufficient'to provide a harbor capable of" accommodating vessels of any size that were. likely io visit our colony. The resolution was oarried unanimously. Votes of thanks havmgbeen accbrdedto the Chairman and the Press—specially represented on behalf of both daily papers—the meeting terminated. ,j]JIB.-.' ^ On Monday evening, August 1', the Liederoranz entertained the members of the Liedertafel to a supper at the National Hotel. At an excellent rgpastj.qprpride'd'by^ Host .Hiibn,-:. lifrv -tE.^Iieilmaah pre'sidedi' '-Mr.0 Armbfuster complimented the members of the Liederoranz on the great progress they had made during the past year, and it was sug gested that the Clubs should amalgamate. Several fine pieces were sung by both Societies, and Megars. Christen and Oehlmann contributed excellent airs. At a school where words were given out for subjects in composition, a "mute, inglorious Milton," produced this sentence on the word "panegyric"—"A few drops of panegyric, given on a largo lump of sugar, are often best for an infant's ailment." Big Guns.—The new "Woolwioh infants" are to be longer than their predecessors, butfof the same weight—35 tons. The " charge" is to be inere&sed;, the rifling being the same, by which means it is hoped to gain a greater initial velocity. Bui^EB^l?rof.,S,rTY. Johnson, who has given careful studjji to the scientifio bearings of butter malting, *by&—Thakabout threaiper cent, is-the proper quantity of salt required at the time of working, and one-half per cent, more when the butter is reworked and put down' for long keeping. Labge Yield of CoBN^-About the largest. . yieldiqf we. (£iithurst £ime$J, ever heard Vf in'the district was obtained aVPeel, a short time baoV by Mr. Chippendall, who, from one acre of ground got no less than one hundred and four bushels. This was exclusive of small oobs, of which there were, -sufficient ,to fatten four or five pigs.'"' Considering" that forty or fifty bushels to the acre would be thought to beajioe average crop, the, yield,,, above. men i tioned must' be looked upon as extraordinary; The corn belonged to the species known as the American red coke oora, which is calculated to be the best that can be grown. 