The Wallaroo Times. WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1873 It occasionally happens that in the course of a public career a man finds himself bound to act inwfiat appears to be direct contradiction to some principles to which he has a former time pledged his adherence. Sometimes he honestly veers around, and again, he may swerve in order to secure what he deems to be the lesser of two evils. A notable illustra- tion of the former of these practices was afforded when Sir ROBERT PEEL carried out the policy of the anti-Corn-Law League, and justified his conduct by the remark that "a wise man sometimes changes his opinion, but a fool never." We presume that a very evident instance of a partv choosing the lesser of two evils was afforded in the discussion that took place on the 11th clause of the Education Act in the Assembly on Thursday. We, at first, firmly declared our adhesion to the principle contained in the clause as proposed by the Government. The Chief Secretary nailed the Government colors to the mast respecting this clause, and this alone. In our issue of the 26th ult., seeing that there was no prospect of any thing like unanimity of opinion, and that the passage of an Education Bill was jeopardised by the strong feeling that appeared on the subject, we suggested a compromise. That compromise was adopted, and, in all probability, will be come the law of the land. As a matter of opinion, we much prefer the Govern- ment clause to the one now carried, as we certainly should have supported Mr BOUCAUT'S amendment that the word "may" should be substituted for the word "shall" rendering the opening of schools compulsory for Bible reading; but we have no strong feeling on the matter. And, although the Chief Secretary said an interference with the clause would be regarded as fatal to the Bill, we presume that like ourselves he will accept it in the amended form. The case is peculiarly one of those in which firmness becomes obstinacy, and does far more harm than good. It is not probable that the amendment of Mr Angas, rendering it necessary that all Government schools should be opened half-an-hour for Bible reading, before the recognised. school hours, will have the slightest effect. Mr JOHN BRIGHT, some years ago, caused some amusement by describing the members of the House of Lords as "balloon-men"—so removed from the proceedings of every-day-life that they were not cognisant of these, and could not understand them. There are "balloon-men" other than the Peers of Great Britain; and Mr ANGAS is one of them. He is a man who evidently believes in the law before the Gospel. Mr BOUCAUT'S argument was that the requirements of some Ministers and Mr ANGAS, "said very little for the Pro- testant members who were whipping up this agitation. At the meetings they saw ministers of various denominations were the most prominent in moving resolu- tions, and also in writing to the papers, and it said very little for their faith and for their teaching if they required the House to pass an express Act that the Bible should be read in schools. It was tantamount to saying that the Bible had no vitality in their own lives. If that Book was what they said it was, it re- quired no assistance from legislation ; in spite of any legislation it would work its will, and it did not require an Act of Parliament to make it do so." This was wasted on the hon. member and his col- league. They must have the House speak their Shibboleth or they would not let the Bill pass. And the House, we submit, did wisely in mumbling the empty formula. The objection, we take it, to the amendment is to be found more in its provisions than in its principle. Why children should be kept reading the Bible for half-an-hour every morning we can- not understand. We suggested a quarter of an hour, but Mr ANGAS preferred to deal with the matter on wholesale prin- ciples. As we remarked, this is of little consequence. Mr ANGAS, and his sensible coadjutors, made no provision in the amendment for the schoolmaster to at- tend during the half-Hour prior to school hours. In all human probability there will be neither schoolmaster nor pupils present. A few boys will be sent by their parents and they will tumble head-over heels on the forms and play hide-and- seek amongst the desks. But then, if this trifling concession suits Mr ANGAS and those who acted with him, we say it ought to be granted. Better so than that no Education Bill should be passed. And if the Bible be read, which we are sure will very rarely be the case, we are not of those people that would entirely exclude it. After all reading the Bible is better than bushranging, cattle-stealing, and robbing hen-roosts and orchards. Those parents who wish that their children, should read it every morning, ought to have every facility placed in their way for this, and certainly it ought not to be legislated against as one of the above-mentioned crimes. But then, the Bill of the Government just as much pro- vided for Bible reading as does the amendment of Mr ANGAS. Only in the first case, we may presume the teacher would be empowered to attend, and ac- cording to Mr ANGAS he will not. The hon. member stipulates for the reading of either the Protestant or the Roman Catholic version. Certainly, the Pro- testant translation is a disgrace to all the scholardom in Christendom. Good men talk of this that or the other pre- cept being found in the Bible, whilst, in reality, the original version says nothing of the kind. The psalms in the prayer- book are far better translated, although not so well worded, than the version in the Bible. But, as we said, this is not the question. Mr ANGAS gives per- mission for either the Protestant or Douay version to be read. This must contemplate the ministers of various religions being present, and the school house, if used for the purpose Mr ANGAS intends, being converted into a bear garden. We, however, believe that it will have little or no effect. It even may prove, virtually, a clause against the Bible being read in schools. Those parents who wish their children to, have religious education, will take care they have it in a proper and becoming manner. It is merely a matter of fact that numbers of persons who are prepared to hold up their hands in favor of the Bible being read in schools, take not the least pains to give their children any religious edu- cation elsewhere. But, as we said, on the 24th inst., the whole question merely revolved itself into one of time—one quarter of an hour this way or the other. Mr BOUCAUT said "the only difference was as to a quarter of an hour." And the Chief-Secretary followed with the remark "that there was really very little differ- ence. Did it not shew that really after all there had been a struggle for that which was not worth struggling for ?" Mr REES said "what was the matter under discussion ? Simply a distinction without a difference." The fact was the Bill permitted, although it did not specially announce that Bible reading might take place in the schools. We have little hesitation in, saying that there would be more Bible reading under the Government clause than under the amend- ment introduced by Mr ANGAS. But then, sensible men who wish to see an Education Bill passed had better accept Mr ANGAS'S amendment, which is drafted so as to be nugatory, than risk the pro- bability of zealots, fanatics, and people who wish there may be no Education Bill at all, throwing the present Bill out. There is another, and not very credit- able feature relating to the amendment in the 11th clause that deserves notice. It would appear that a caucus of mem- bers, of course in favor of Bible reading, was held, when it was resolved that Mr ANGAS'S amendment should he carried without discussion. At any rate all the speechifying was to be on one side. After a little had been allowed one of the party was to move that the Committee divide, and he was to be supported by the majority that would carry Mr ANGAS'S amendment. Alas, the truth of the old proverb, "the best laid schemes of mice and men, gang aftaglev," was experienced. It was moved at an early period of the debate that the division should be taken, but the motion was lost. Very properly too, the mover was deserted by his very Scriptural friends. "We no more believe in making Parliament simply the vehicle of a secret caucus than we do in men going in Parliament simply to be the bell-tongues of their constituents—some- thing pulled by a handle, the use of which is obtained no one knows how. If there is to be no discussion in Parliament, or if it is to be understood that members are not to be influenced in their votes by anything they may hear, thirty-two dummies to be pulled by a string may as well be at once introduced into the House, and thirty-two men sent to employ their time more profitably elsewhere. We daresay hon. members are sometimes talked out of their votes, we have no doubt that they have often been button- holed in the smoking room until they have promised all and sundry, and we cannot doubt that an overdraft, or a mortgage deed, or something akin has swayed the result of many divi- sions. But better this than absolute and positive dummyism. If it became a rule, farewell to the independence of Par- liament; Hon. members would be calcu- lated upon in the lump instead of in detail. And there would be no amend- ments introduced as frequently now is the case. Before a clause is carried, there are often half-a-dozen alterations proposed; but if the practice that was to have been commenced on Thursday were brought into vogue, either amendments or altera- tions would be out of the question. Mem- bers would meet beforehand and, as the Americans term it "vote solid." — — — A CRICKET match will be played this day, be- tween the Port Wallaroo Club, and that of Kadina, on the Matta Flat, Kadina. The grasshoppers are putting in an appearance early this season. On Monday numbers were to be seen hopping about. The Aldinga, s.s. on her latest trip from Mel- bourne to Adelaide, brought ninety steerage passengers. DURING the week that expired Sept. 25, no less than 5,522 acres were selected at over £1 per acre in the northern areas. MR. WARD, M.P., intends to bring in a Bill tendering it compulsory for Ministers, after accepting office to go before their constituents. ON Saturday the weather was most unplea- santly warm at Port Wallaroo. Some of the farmers around are beginning to complain that unless rain comes speedily, the crops will ripen prematurely. IN the current number of the Government Gazette, there appears a notice forfeiting the Murray Flats Gold Lease to W. C. Smith and J. Copeland, of Ballarat, on accoant of the non-ful- filment of the conditions. WE would direct attention to the announce- ment, appearing in our business columns, of what promises to be a concert very well worth attend- ing, to be given at the Wombat Hotel, Kadina, on Friday evening. There will be a special truck from Wallaroo to Kadina on the occasion. A PUBLIC meeting has been held at Laura for the purpose of forming a Committee to memorialize the Government for postage com (sic) munication, telegraphic requirements, police pro- tection , the repair of roads, and the appointment of magistrates. The meeting condemned the Port Pirie Line as being too short to be of value. THE Commissioner of Crown Lands is waging war on unfortunate free selectors who have failed to carry out their agreement. The last Govern- ment Gazette contained notices to twelve that possession of their sections will be resumed by the Crown. Of thirteen who had notice, only one escaped the penalty of forfeiture. THE Port Darwin newspaper is to be called the Northern Times and Gazette. Messrs R. Stuckey, W. Wylie, E. M. Bagot, F. W. Barnes, and G. W. Cotton, form the Board of Directors of the Company. The plant is to be forwarded by the steamer Gothenburg, which was expected to sail this week. The brig Jemima, from Port Natal, arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday and the master, whom it had been found necessary to lock up in his cabin, was given in charge by the mate on a charge of assault. Subsequently the charge was withdrawn, and the matter will be brouerht be- fore the Court in another form. A NORTHERN Territoiy telegram received in Adelaide, states that some men have left the service of Reefing Companies, complaining of the method of paying wages, also in some instances of non-payment. Some cases are pending, and in consequence of dissatisfaction many workmen wish to return. WE observe a notice of some importance in the current number of the Government Gazette. Earl Kimberley, Secretary of State for the colonies, notifies Her Majesty's gracious permission to the Hon. W, Milne to continue to wear the Civil Service Uniform. Earl Kimberley, we perceive with regret, only speaks of the hon. gentleman as plain Mr Milne ! The concerts given by Madame Arabella Goddard were, to the credit, be it said, of the Adelaide people, a most unqualified success being largely attended on both occasions. Madame, as our readers are aware, gave three concerts in addition to three proposed by her. She brought her own piano, an iron grand, by Broadwood, and it is described as being one of marvellous power and tone. She left by the Aldinga on Tuesday. WE have been requested to supply a slight omission that inadvertently occurred in our issue of Sept. 27, relative to the number of ladies who assisted in making the Kadina Christ Church Bazaar, the unqualified success it was. Mrs Herbert was there, assisted by Mrs Corbett, Mrs Davies, assisted by Miss Restall; Miss Harvey, assisted by Mrs Anson. Mrs Richards, assisted oy the Misses Restall and Richards, had charge of the Refreshment Stall. A MOST disgraceful fight, between two men named Francis and Clark respectively, took place on the swamp to the north-east of Wallaroo, on Sunday-morning, during Church hours. There were several persons present. We understand that the police have laid informations against the principals in the affair, and when they appear at the Police CoUrt they will doubtless find that such an outrageous and unseemly proceeding as this cannot be committed with impunity. A MEETING of the Moonta Agricultural, Horti- cultural, and Floricultural Society Committee was held last week, the President, Capt. Hancock, being in the Chair. It was mentioned by the Secretary that a collector had been appointed to obtain subscriptions at Green's Plains. The tender of Messrs Rossiter and Davies to erect a verandah at the Exhibition Building, for £7 10s, was accepted, and it was resolved that the Presi- dent should invite His Excellency the Governor to the November show. The purchase of a zinc standard bushel was also agreed upon. The Committee, after transacting some formal busi- ness, adjourned. The hon. Thomas Reynolds was entertained last week by a number of his late constituents at Goolwa, prior to his departure to the Northern Territory. The hon. gentleman re- viewed his political career extending over 25 years, and remarked that he should go to his new home with a 32 years' character from his last place, that being the number of years he had been in South Australia. We may remark that should the Territory prosper and demand a separation from South Australia, Mr Reynolds will, from his ability and experience be a leading man in the new colony. ON Monday, about mid-day, an accident happened at Yorke Valley, whereby a man named George Bowden fractured his thigh. He was in the employ of a selector, and was told to fetch a fallen tree with a dray and three horses. After putting a chain round the trunk of the tree he started the horses whilst riding on the dray. It would appear that he had not perceived a root that prevented the trunk of the tree being moved. The two foremost horses swerved and pulled the dray and the shaft horse over, the dray falling on Bowden and causing the injury we have stated. He was removed to Wallaroo where he arrived at midnight on Monday, and was ordered to the Hospital. In the morning the leg was set by Dr Welsh, and the man is progressing favorably. The fracture was a simple one. His Excellency the Governor attended the 20th Show of the Northern Agricultural Society, at Auburn, last week. A large number of mem- bers of Parliament were present—thanks, we suppose, to the free pass system in vogue. At Tarlee Station these gentlemen rather came to grief, as they had to take to the road and there was but one carriage to be had. This was crowded, but a gentleman at Saddleworth lent his waggonette, and then the party pro- ceeded. Addresses were, as usoal, presented to His Excellency. After this His .Excellency viewed the Show, and then came the inevitable dinner and the speechifying. After leaving Auburn His Excellency went to Mr G. Hawker's station at Bungaree, and thence he intended to call at Watervale, as he returned to Adelaide. FROM the following remark, appearing at the close of a paragraph in the Register, r e the cost of the Telegraph Line—"We wish it to be dis- tinctly understood that in referring to this sub- ject we have not had any idea of casting any slur upon Mr Todd, or of suggesting that the discrepancy between the estimate and the actual expense of the undertaking is a matter for which he is particularly deserving of censure. We con- clude Mr Todd feels a little sore about the matter." • The actual cost of theline was said by the Tresurer (sic) to have been £372,000, and Mr Todd's estimate was £120,000. Mr Todd calculated on 25,000 messages a year to the old world, at the very least. There will not be 10,000. We do not wish to cast any slur upon Mr Tood (sic),but we may say that he blundered considerably in his cumu- lations. The two boys, English and Pearce, committed to the Supreme Court, for trial, on charge of putting a stone on the rails of the Glenelg railway, calculated to throw the train off, were committed for trial at the Police Court, Adelaide, and bail was refused. On an application in chambers, Mr Justice Wearing granted bail in the sum of £500 each, and this was forthcoming; so, as the Register, in deference to station, puts it,"the two youths were released without being incarcerated." English is a son of the Hon. Thos. English, and Pearce, of Mr G. Pearce, sen. It would appear that the boys put the stones on the rails, as a mischievous lark, something akin to larrikin- ism. Then they waited to see the result of their lark, were seen and captured. One can hardly help fancying that three dozen on the place which nature has given as a locus poenitentioe would be a more suitable punishment.for them than the imprisonment to which they are liable. A FEELING of indignation at the cowardly imbecility of the Victorian Government in per- mitting the escape of Mount and Morris, of the Carl outrage notoriety, from justice, has been awakened even as far away as England, and it is rumoured that proceedings against the two men will be taken at the instigation of the Imperial authorities. Meanwhile they have had the effrontery to threaten the Government with pro- ceedings for false imprisonment. Our idea, on seeing this was, their wisest course would be to clear out at as early a date as they possibly could and in some other part of the world lead a very different course of life to that which will render their very names infamous in the minds of the people of thig generation. What they have passed through will be, we may reasonably hope, a lesson to them; but, to our thinking, the Vic- torian Attorney-General deserves to be prosecuted for conniving at and being accessory to their escape. The Argus says:—"There is no political ten- dency so strongly marked, and so universal in its range, at the present time as that towards the provision of systems of state education. In the great nations of Europe, in Great Britain, and in most of the British colonies, this has been the question of all questions with which the Govern- ments have felt themselves called upon to deal. The advocates of national education have steadily kept two objects in view; first, to adopt the neceesary means for making education universal, and, secondly, to take it wholly out of the hands of the clergy. It has been universally felt by all who have had the progress of education at heart that the two objects were, in fact, one, and that it was useless aiming at the first without at the same time securing the second. It was quite in vain to extend education, and to bring it within the reach of all, unless at the same time it was taken from the control of a class who have exer- cised a very fatal influence in time past. In the new Ministerial scheme of education reform which has been introduced into the South Australian Legislature we find, as usual, these provisions side by side. Education is on the one hand to be free and compulsory, and on the other it is to be strictly secular. No religious instruction is to be given in school hours. The measure is, in fact, closely modelled on the Victorian act now. in operation. Perhaps in the whole history of the world there is no instance of such widespread concurrence in one opinion amongst the most, widely removed nations, differing in race, grades of culture, and political institutions, holding the most diverse of political faith, but yet all agreeing with overwhelming assent to the principle of state and secular education.'' THE town correspondent of the Border Watch, wrote that:—"Yorke's Peninsula just now is blessed with the presence of one or two congenial spirits who are leaving no stone unturned to get up a crusade against the Education Bill. By means of rousing telegrams to the newspapers, strongly worded memorials, and pungent appeals of various kinds, they are striving, and not with out success, to excite in the miners, who are quiet, well-disposed.men enough if left alone, a keen feeling of hostility to the new measure. It is true they confine their attacks to the proposal to have the Bible read only before or after school hours, but this proposal is so closely interwoven into the entire texture of the Government scheme that if they succeed in carrying their point they will destroy the national character of the bill, and thus rob it of its chief virtue. That this ques- tion of getting the Bible read in school hours, is in most cases a mere pretext for opposition, will become increasingly apparent as the discussion upon the measure proceeds. Those who favor religious teaching, those who support the volun- tary principle pure and simple, those who object to free and compulsory education, will in the rally round this special standard and make the taking cry," We won't give up the Bible," their watchword. It is a curious fact that in England this cry is principally echoed in Parliament, not by the thinking men, not by the religious men as. a rule, but by the rowdiest members—men who can sit far in the night over the bottle, or the card or billiard table, and I perdict that very much the same anomaly will be exhibited here. Legislators who manifestly take no pains to shape their lives according to the precepts of the Bible —who never think of studying the Scriptures, and who have only the vaguest notions respecting them, will be instant in their demand that the secularism of the teaching under the bill shall be so far modified as to include Bible reading as an item in the daily course prescribed for schools." WHAT wonders—we might almost say impos- sibilities—can be accomplished when people work well together—"one and all and heart and hand " is illustrated both at Kadina and Wallaroo at the present time. At Kadina but recently the members of the Church ofEngland were but few and they raised but a very small sum of money per annum towards the stipend of the clergyman, Now they have promised to raise an average salary, and they have found the cash to pay for a new commodious parsonage. Wallaroo is the smallest of the three townships on the Peninsula, and certainly, is in the least flourishing condition. But the people are building what will be by far the largest and most convenient Institute on the Peninsula, and they have every prospect of pay- ing for it. They have a good library to put in it; and also a nice house attached to the build- ing for the librarian to live in. Three years ago if it had been said that such an undertaking would be commenced in this small town, the prophet making the assertion would have had his sanity questioned. We cannot help fancying the Committee of the Institute might take, a hint from Kadina respecting the internal fitting of the room. Mrs W. W. Hughes has promised to a piano out from England for the Hall, but still, to fit it as it should be will involve considerable expenditure. If the ladies in the town could be induced we feel assured they might render valu- able assistance. They might get up a Baazar the proceeds of which would comfortably furnish the Hall, and they would reap the advantage of this at concerts, entertainments, &c.; There are num- bers who would assist them if they once set about the work. There is scarcely a captain in the Black Diamond service who would not contribute a few curios, for it has long been a rule of the Committee that captains of vessels trading to the Port should have free access to the library, perio- dicals, and newspapers in the Institute. And other friends would also assist if appealed to. We trust that this suggestion may not be lost sight of but may bear fruit. As in England, the female difficulty is just now making itself felt in various ways in America, and it has been the subject of much interesting comment in the New England States of late years to decide what shall be done with the surplus female population. The preponder- ance of the gentler sex has no precedent. They overflow the factories, fill the stores, overrun the streets, and hasten by the score to answer any advertisement for an employed. The women of Massachusetts are about to make an effort to im- prove this state of affairs. A fermentation has broken out in an open movement towards larger liberality for both men and women, which has culminated in a petition being sent to the State Legislature praying for a remedy lot the evils they suffer. It sets forth that "the law which now governs society says, practically, that women should be married, should engage in work at their own homes, and should look to the hus- bands for support. On the other hand, the Census reports show that it is impossible to carry out this unwritten but recognised law for the reason that there is an excess of women in the Commonwealth, and many of the women of law- ful age are idle, vicioust, incompetent, or other wise unfit to become the heads of households." The remedy they propose is the permission of polygamy. They say the Bible contains no in- junction against a plurality of wives, and,whilst affirming that they have no desire to interfere with the regulations of any existing household, "they deem it their privilege and their duty to suggest the abolition of the law against the marriage of a man to more than one wife in cases where the first wife does not object, and where it is made evident that the man is able to support the additional burden laid upon his resources." They say this will do away with much of the social evil, foundling asylums and child-murder, and lessen the vagabond child population of cities. They ask for no legislation in favor of free love, or the loosening of the marriage bond, and pray that the marriage of the second wife shall be made as binding and permanent as that of the first, and that all the children of the house hold shall have equal honor. This remarkable document has over 200 signatures, all of than belonging to women of American parentage and many of the family names have been well known in New England for a century. WRITING on the subject of 'Maori supersti- tion," the Auckland Star, mentions that "it was rumored shortly after the first report of the murder of Sullivan, that it was in consequence of a lizard having made its way into the stomach of the murderer; and it was alleged that this rather awkward circumstance imposed a necessity upon the man, as inevitable as destiny, that he should commit murder. There appears to be a basis in Maori usages on which "the rumor was founded, but none of the kind stated. We have it on the authority of one for many years intimately acquainted with Maori law and custom, that the swallowing of the lizard is a voluntary act, and intended to produce that courage which will dare anything. That the lizard should voluntary go down the throat of the Maori would argne great want of consideration on the part of a lizard, and great carelessness on the part of theMaori, in sleeping with his door open," and with vermin about. But it has been a frequent incident in Maori history that a great warrior has induced a green lizard, the kakarkiki, to crawl down his throat through the simple operation of pinching its tail. The purpose served was twofold. Not only was it believed that the reptile, for which a Maori has the utmost repugnance believing it to contain the ghost of his grandfather, inspired the warrior with fierce, and dauntless daring and implacable cruelty, but an equally important purpose was served in the moral influence ex- erted on the followers of a chieftain who had performed the revolting act. Not only was it accepted as a sign that the man meant to enter on seme terrible career, but it was believed that a man deliberately opening his mouth and putting a lizard into his inside was capable of stopping at nothing; in which latter idea most pakehas will agree. It is known that the chief Taraia, swallowed a lizard before entering on his career of massacre, and Hori Tupaia, who at Kati Eati swallowed even two lizards to nerve him for action, is believed to be the last that has practised the disgusting rite. That Sullivan's murderer swallowed a lizard is considered to be exceedingly unlikely, but if he did, it would have according to Maori lore, imposed no necessity whatever upon him to commit murder, but would have been done for the purpose of nerving himself to the daring deed, and confirming the faith of his followers." FREQUENTLY, whilst the subject was under debate, we warned the Wise Men in the East at Clare, and our sapient contemporary in that township, that the time would come when they would regret their opposition to the proposed Wallaroo and Clare Tramway. Backed up by Port Adelaide selfishness, and prejudice, they were successful, but it was a success not to be proud of. We were enabled at the time to threaten that if the interests of the Peninsula were always to be considered a matter of no moment, both by the Wise Men in the East and others, some different course to that being pur- sued would be adopted. Such is the case. The Peninsula is determined about the Port Wake- field and Kadina Line of Railway. This project the Clare Argus views with alarm. In its latest, issue our contemporary runs on in the following strain:—"What is wanted is a cross- country line from Clare to the seaboard at Wallaroo, as it would embrace an expansive tract of good country, and command a great amount of traffic. That route was agitated several years ago. The covntry (sic) was then surveyed in order to ascertain the gradients, and no engineering difficulties were in the way, as stated. It is true we then ob- jected to that route, on the ground that the would not have come within several miles of Clare, and in consequence the town would been somewhat isolated and its trade injured, but even with that drawback it would have been preferable to what is now contemplated. Mr Duncan and a few others in the House of As- sembly are fully persuaded that Clare Wallaroo is decidedly the best course to and we are surprised that they can, seeing the advantages that would accrue from the cross- country line, submit so quietly to let the oppor- tunity pass. It is not yet too late to take up this question, and if the Commissioner of Public Works was true to his constituents he would adopt a different line of policy to that he is now pursuing. We cannot imagine how the business men of Clare can remain so passive while such ruinous projects are contemplated, and which if not protested against will no doubt ere long be carried out. A large amount of money will be squandered to injure a district that has hitherto been to a great extent the stay of the colony. Several members we led astray with the idea that there are insurmountable barriers in the way, and that a railway to Clare is an impossi- bility, but this is altogether a mistaken idea. A railway could be made to come right into Clare without any difficulty whatever." Such friend- ship as is pourtrayed (sic) in the above is about as despicable in quality as can be conceived of. We know very well that if the Port Wakefield pro- ject could be abandoned the Clare Argus would at once veer round and be adverse to the con- struction of a line between Clare and Wallaroo. Such invidious treacherous friendship will im- pose on no person on the Peninsula. In another portion of the article from which we have quoted our contemporary ignorantly states:—"In all likelihood there will be a line constructed be- tween Adelaide and the Peninsula by private enterprise before long, and every encouragement should be given by the Government, instead of attempting to frustrate such undertakings, which virtually amounts to this, if such patchwork as the Port Wakefield and Hoyleton lines are car- tied out." We have yet to learn that there is the slightest probability of a Bill, said to be a private one, receiving the assent of the House after others of a like nature have been ruled public, only to be introduced by the Go- ment. But perhaps the Clare Argus knows better than the Speaker, the Parliament, or our- selves. LATE London Telegrams state that the Copper Market is depressed, and there are few sales to report. Cash quotations are £92 to £93 per ton. THE Balance Sheet of the Yelta Mining Com- pany has been issued. The Mine is said to be looking very well, and this number of hands em= ployed at it is 115. The expenses during the past month are said to have been £7,185 4s 4d., and the receipts £8,485 9s. AT the meeting of the Educational Board, on Monday, the application of Mr W. J. Phillips of Moonta, for a renewal haying been considered, it was decided to re-issue the licence from July 1\. Also Mr John Holt intimated that he had ended the legal proceedings which he had begun in order to obtain payment of his stipend for the quarter ending June. He asked that the amount should now be paid. The Board declined to make any payment. THIS is from a Warnambool police report:— "In extenuation of his conduct the husband pleaded the temper of his lately wedded spouse, describing it as 'nasty.' 'You should have ascertained all about that before getting married,' said the police magistrate. 'She was too artful to let me,' was the reply of the unlucky Benedict. A comforting assurance from Mr. Lane that men vere in a like predicament, and that he would just have to make the best of his bargain, good or bad, closed the solloquy. 