? SUPREME COURT—IN EQUITY. THIS DAY. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, [Before His Honor, the Primary Judge.] TOLMIK V. MAHONET. Mr. BoUcaut, on behaif of.the.plaintiff, moved for the appointment of Mr. Chiarles -F. Fenn, solicitor, as guprdia'n iad'iifew td the defendant, on the ground that suph defendant was of weak mind. r He stated that the application was made under Rule'3, chap. 7/of the Kquity Act, 1866. i Mr. Fenn intimated his willingness to act if appointed. . . . : 1 Order made. :• HOSIER AXD 'OTHERSf V. GILES. Mr. B. A. Moulden moved, for leave to set down h special ease for hearing, sdme ' of the parties to the suit being under aieataliiies. He mentioned that ithe ca?e arose^a. the;PpUr Btructiop of the will of James Elleiy, deceased, and he applied under Clause 135" of the'Equity- Act, 1866. — - — - ----- Application granted. 7 1 .7. C BFMPSOK AMD ANOTHER V. FUU^R AJOT) OTHEB His Honour intiniated that' b e . pf epari to express his opinion oii the'we^on^of the roposed amendments in the bul of complaint Eerein, but he would l&e; tohaeeaa oWKrtum of hearingihe learh^!couhie] iMr. W^gS,. the ^akiBg'of^all the cetiui^qiu ^K paraes tp ItheEult."' *' -- ' Mr. Boucaut -suggested that His Honor ... T - : 3 VAAI. BiUlMltfl mCbt express-his orSnion, and he(Mr. Boucaut); cMivey Hia Hohor's intimation* to Mr. Wav" ••"'.'• ' HiB Hiaor tiered tiiat the ctrtrai' qui tnuti sho^d be ^ iwrfies, because he felt very g^^y ^at 'even 'wiere a decree mfide m the guit as it"Ht present stood, the beneficiaries ^ ^ ^ ^JJI would not be . put m fonmedfete : possession ; of their propc _ By maBnglhem all parties, however, that diffic^lty w0l g d be trbmted, as the %»ney might be pttd direct. AsBOme:af ihem wei» out of the colony, he would suggest that.the least eipepriw aad most expeditious oourse^woula bo for them all to join in appointing an attorney to represent them, before thia Court. He thought the amendments ishould "be-made, but would like to hear Mr. Way first. Mr. Boucaut pointed out that the cestui qui trusts might be made parties at the.hewing if it were deemed advisable. He would com-, municate with . Mr. Way with regard to the matters referred to His by Honor. He understood the order might be drawn up. .. .' _ . His Honor thought, so; "and Mr. Way -could be heard at a subsequent fitting of the Court. Court adjourned till Tuesday next. I - INSOLE®! CY, COURT. APPoiNTMENTS. \- "TUESDAY," OCTOBER 7. r Hour ' Name ' : Objeot ; 10 John Flanagin Final hearing. . 10 Willliam Alfred-Wood Final hearing. 10 Thomas Broad Adjd. final hearing. POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY. • ADELAIDE; FRTDAT, OCTOBER 3. [Before Mr.-S. Beddome, P.MJ Sarah Billing, daughter of Jno. Billing, of Gouger-streefc, was charged, on the information f her father, with living in a brothel, and with being a neglected child.. Billing stated that defendant was not under his control, she havmg run away, but that .he was willing to take .ner home again and provide for4her if she would come. Constable Best-deposed -that he arreste l defendant in a-brothel'; near.. Lightfquare. Defendant promising to go home the.c'ase was dismissed. ,.. - , • , . _ r ' T Informations by District Inspector m. - J. Cavecagh -.—A&am.; J^'tc^-of - Edwardstosra, for allowing his horse to stray in Goodwppd-r<»d on Septe^er 28 was fined 5s. and costs ; 10s. m all. Gtorge Graham,. of Unley, dairyman, for neglecting to carry a lighted lamp on hie vehicle on September 24, was fined 5B. and costs; 15s. in all. - - - _ '.__ ; PRIMITIVE METHODIST NEW CHAPEL—The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel at the township of Dublin, in the Hundred of Dublin, was laid on Tuesday, September 30, by Miss S. Baker, of The Cedars, Goodwood. It was a delightful day, and there was a good attendance, visitors having arrived from Mallala, the Lower Light, Two Wells, and other places. The site of the building is a nice spot, and it is understood was presented to the Chapel Trustees by Mr. Baker of Goodwood. The building will cost about £300. About 3.30 p.m. the Rev. J. S. Wayland introduced the young lady who had to officiate. A bottle containing a copy of the day's Register and the following document was placed in a cavity under the foundation stone:- "To whomsoever it may interest. The foundation stone of this the Dublin Primitive Methodist Chapel, Hundred of Dublin, Province of South Australia, was laid by Miss Baker, of The Cedars, Goodwood, on the 30th day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, being the thirty- seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Anthony Musgrave, C. M. G. being the Governor of this province of South Australia; Revs. James Stuart Wayland and Arthur Wellesley Wellington being the Ministers of the Two Wells circuit, Henry Secomb the Circuit Steward, and Messrs. George Baker, Charles Burnard, Francis Diment, Charles Dodd, James Fabian, Arthur George, and William Temby being Trustees. In the name, and to the glory of Almighty God, The Father, The Son, and The Holy Ghost this undertaking is this day publicly commenced." A hymn was sung, the Rev. A. W. Wellington offered prayer, the ceremony was performed, and Mr. Wayland spoke regarding the doctrines that would be preached in that place of worship, and the church polity of the denomination. Contributions were then laid upon the stone, and the people adjourned to a tent where an excellent spread was provided. At a subsequent public meeting Mr. W. Temby presided, and the Revs. A. W. Wellington and J. S. Wayland spoke. The financial result of' the proceedings amounted to about £48. ' 