THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. NOTES OF THE MONTH. '(Yetna our own oobhespondbnt.) LONDON, Dec. 27. The month has been a dull one in respect to politics. Of home news, besides murders and strikes, there is little. Ministers have been keeping very quiet, and the entire Parliamentary utterances, save in one instance, have been confined to the lesser notabilities. Mr Gladstone has addressed the public twice; once on a supposed terra-cotta record of the Deluge, got by the decipherment of certain pottery at the British Museum, and another time in defence of revealed religion against the modern sceptics. It has been reserved for Mr. Lowe, who is just now the favourite Minister, to pronounce on party politics. At Swindon, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, at a Liberal gathering-the character of which may be appreciated by the fact that Mr. Bouverie, the most dangerous of all the critics of the Government, was in the chair-made one of his slashing audacious speeches, chaffing his opponents, declaring that all was for the best under the best of Governments, calling on the Liberals for their continued support, so that the Ministry might endure for ever, and assail- ing Lord Salisbury and the Tories, the latter being charged with having systematically trafficked ' with principles for place-a " cheeky" accusation, to say the least of it to come from the famous orator of 1866, who denounced the treachery of Mr. Gladstone, opposed his Reform scheme, maligned the working classes, and made that touching appeal for a reprieve for the Constitution, which once lost could never be replaced. In other respects Mr. Lowe's speech was without any interest, and not a single reference was made to the policy of the Government for the coming session except a pledge that the promised Land Bill would be in no respect a measure of confiscation. The Conservative journals have not been slow to retort upon Mr. Lowe his well-known antecedents, pointing out that this Minister, who now insists so strongly for principle in preference to place, is the same politician who declared that "Democracy they could have at any time," that " night and day the gate is open that leads to the bare and level plain where every ant's nest is a mountain and every thistle a forest tree, who was fiercely rebuked by Mr. Bright for his insult, ing [remarks on the morality of the lower classes, and who afterwards took office in company with the same statesman, and helped to carry, among other things, that very ballot which he had always steadily opposed. Of course no retorts of this kind have any effect on the slippery surface presented by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He is an avowed free lance in politics, and knows himself, and is known to be, indispensable to a Ministry who are so singularly deficient in that quality. As to the prosperity of the Government in the next session it is impossible to say anything with confidence. There is a kind of lull in politics just now, and no disturbing questions are before the public. The " humble pie" business- so quick is the rate at which we move in these days is already almost forgotten, and it is doubtful whether ] it will be brought up in judgment against the Ministry. The prevailing sentiment is expressed just now in every one's mouth that it is no use crying over spilt milk.'' We do not like the awards, and there is a strong feeling against the policy of concession, but we are rid of a troublesome question, and the public are not disposed to revive the memory of the unpleasant thing | by a criticism of the means by which it was got over. It might have been so much worse with a Government whose only motto in foreign policy is "yield." The leader of the Opposition, it is understood, is disinclined to make the arbitrations a matter of charge against the Ministry, and his cue has been pretty faithfully followed by his leading sup- j porters. Only two of the leading men in the Conservative ranks, Lord Salisbury and Lord John Manners, have openly protested against the Ministerial management of the American difficulty. But the former, unfortunately, has acquired a reputation for reckless hitting, and Lord John Manners is not a very strong man, though he made one good point in his late speech, when he declared that the Government had abolished purchase in the army only to introduce it into their foreign policy. A gloom has been cast over the Conservative camp by the death of Lady Beaconsfield. Although she had reached a ripe old age, being many years older than her husband, Her loss will be keenly felt by Mr. Disraeli, to whom she has ever been, in his own words, " the best of wives." A plain, homely woman, Lady Beaconsfield had some sterling good qualities, and was of more use to her husband in his political career in many ways than the world wars of. Everybody sympathises with Mr. Disraeli in his affliction, and one of the first calls of condolence was paid by Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone. In this country at least we do not allow any political differences to estrange us from one another socially. Every newspaper in Great Britain has had an article sympathising with Mr. Disraeli in his bereavement, and the universality and evident genuineness of the sympathy has really been very creditable to the British press. An anecdote illustrative of the deceased lady's devotion to her husband's political fame has been for some time well known in political circles, though only just now publicly related. On the occasion of an important debate in the House at which Mr. Disraeli had to speak, going down as usual with Lady Beaconsfield in their brougham, Mr. Disraeli in his hurry and excitement jammed her fingers in the rapidly-closed carring door. His wife, fearful lost his nerves might be affected by a knowledge of the accident, hid her agony and smilingly waved him an adieu. When Mr. Disraeli was out of sight, she fell back and fainted. Quite a bit of real heroism, of which only a woman could be capable. This is the age of strikes. Every trade and every calling now resorts to this practical mode of bargaining, and it is impossible to say where it will end. Even the policemen have struck, though, fortunately for the peace of London, not at the same time with the gas stokers. The railway servants, it is reported, are organising a gigantic conspiracy for the 2nd of January, and if it is universal, very serious consequences may be apprehended. What. ever the result, one thing always follows, which is, a rise in prices-a rise which affects not only one class, but all classes, In fact, the working men themselves are beginning to realise the truth that they punish themselves at least as much as olhorpeoplo by strik- ing. The attempt to get some advantage over capital for the benefit of labour, an advan- tage not warranted by the state of the labour market and the laws of demand and supply, must always prove a failure. Even the strikers who are successful have to pay increased prices for all articles of consumption, and thus do not get any sensible benefit out of their enterprise. Those who fail in their strikes, as the gas stokers, are still worse off, for while they have to pay more for the necessaries of life in consequence of the strikes of their fellow-labourers, they got no advance of wages. It is worth notice that a sensible change has come over public feeling in regard to these violent attempts to regulate the labour market. It was all very well to sympathise with a strike which did not affect you immediately, but when the result comes home in the shape of dear coals or ill. ' lighted streets, it is surprising how even the most enthusiastic partisans of the working man grow cool in their devotion. A great deal of mischief has been done by a mis- placed and unnecessary sympathy with the so-called claims of labour, and if we are now suffering from the effect of high prices, it " must be in a great measure attributed to the foolish action taken by certain of our politicians of the school of Dilke and Auberon Herbert. Another cause of the increasing stringency of the great problem of life is due to the enormous prosperity just now enjoyed by the commercial and trading classes. Never was wealth so abundant, and the signs of it so conspicuous in this country, as at this Christmas season Luxuries hitherto unattainable except by what were called the higher classes seem now attainable-at least many are indulged in by men of moderate incomes. It is not because the incomes go further or so far as they did, but the taste for extravagant living developed by the example of the nouveaux riches is now more universal than ever it was. The rage for spending money assumes all kinds of new forms, some un. known to our fathers. One of the com- monest dissipations now is to keep a theatre, with a portion at least of the dramatic company. I could name five members of the nobility who each own a theatre and a lessee-of course, not in their own names. The Vaudeville, the Opera Comique, the Royalty, the Court, and the St. James, are thus supported, besides others with whose history I am not acquainted. In one case of which I am aware, four gentlemen, not of very large in- comes, have clubbed together to keep a theatre. The result generally is loss to the enterprising proprietor, but he has quid pro quo in another shape. This connexion between the stage and the lunar is highly detrimental to the interests of the former, and both art and morality suffer. The winter session of the Royal Colonial Institute, under the auspices of the indefatigable Mr. Eddy, a most thriving concern, was inaugurated on the 17th instant by a banquet, with the Duke of Manchester in the chair. Among the company were several well-known Melbourne names. The annual report, read by his Grace, disclosed a highly flourishing condition of things. Perhaps the best and most striking evidence of the success of the Institute is to be found in the extraordinary unanimity which now prevails among all classes on the once unpopular colonial question. When we look back to what was the state of feeling in England, as represented by the Government and the leading politicians, only two or three years ago, on the subject of the relations with the colonies, it is surprising to find how much progress has been made in the education of the public mind on this question. For a great part of this at least the colonies are indebted to the devoted and self-denying efforts of a small knot of Australian colonists, whose untiring labours in the good cause of Imperial unity have scarcely received, I am bound to say, that tribute of appreciation which they so well deserve. No one knows, who is not in England, how great are the apathy and ignorance of the people on all colonial subjects. They are bored at the very mention of a colonial question. They know nothing, and once cared nothing, about the colonies. Mais nous avons change tout cela. Everybody is now found to be on one side, and the only danger is, lest this sudden and intense unanimity may lead us back to the same stage of indifference from which we have emerged. There is no public speaker that has not a word to say in favour of the colonial connexion, and I should not be surprised to find even Mr. Lowe, the bitterest enemy Australia has hitherto had in this country, and the supposed author of the late Liberal policy in regard to the colonies, turning round and covering with a shower of sar- cases the unhappy people who advocate Imperial disintegration. FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, Dec. 28. You perhaps remember the famous day of dupes (la Journal des dupes) of the 11th of November, 1630, when Richelieu fallen into disgrace in the morning through an intrigue framed by Mario de Medici, Anne of Austria, Gaston of Orleans, and their adherents, had, before the day was over, completely regained the favour of Louis XIV. after a short interview. The same time might justly be given to the 29th of November, 1872, the day on which the vote of the 372 took place which I told you of in the postscript of my last letter. At 7 p.m. the Assembly, having to decide between the twofold proposal of the Kerdrel Committee and the Government, voted in favour of the Government, and declared that the majority belonged to the Left side. Four-and-twenty hours had barely glided away, when, by a sudden change, one of the most important members of the Cabinet, abandoned by this pseudo majority, was voted out of office by the wrongly so-called minority of the day before. M. Victor Lefranc, the Home Minister, was blamed-by 305 eyes against 298 noes-for not having forbidden the addresses of different municipalities calling out for the dissolution of the Assembly. M. Lefranc was a republican of old, and therefore more especially disagreeable to the Right, whose appetite, sharpened by this first success, is now aiming at the overthrow of M. de Ramsay, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and M. Jules Simon, the Minister of Public Instruction, who are also deemed blame worthy for being republicans under a re- publican Government. These successive overthrows only one of which is completed -were illustrated by one of the leading men of the party, who quoted a famous saying of M. de Talleyrand, "That is what you call eating an artichoke one leaf after another." The Right was again successful in the vote which took place for the nomination of the Committee of Tim ty," having returned 19 of its members Extreme Right, Right, and Right Centre whereas the Extreme Left, Left, and Left Centre, only succeeded in returning 11 members. And even that number has been reduced to 10 by the entrance of M. de. Courtenay converted member of the Right-into the Ministry, his place being filled up by the Duc de Broglie, formerly ambassador to London, and the candidate designed by the Right to succeed M, de Remusat when the second loaf of the artichoke shall have been plucked off. To say the truth, there is no majority in the Assembly.. Were there one- strong, closely allied, and compact-the quarrel would have been over long since, and the strongest, as over happens in this sublunary world, would have put down the weak ones, and all would have been said. But this majority is not. The House is made up of five different pieces, which, according to the way in which they are linked together, displace the majority at every moment. The Government is a cake kept by five dogs, unable to come to an agreement as to the sharing thereof, but who agrees wonderfully well in preventing each of them from devouring the whole. This is why, amidst these surprises and continued changes, the situations of the different personages is over the same. The Republic and Monarchy, M. Thiers and the Assembly, remain in front of each other, each one holding his own ground. M. Thiers said to the Assembly, "The country has become republican let us move forward with the republic." " I'll have none of it I" was the answer of the Assembly. "Then establish a monarchy, if you can." "I can't." "Then allow me to renew the House in part." " I won't have that either." "Well, if you won't let me do that, I can't govern, and as I have not the right to send you about your business, I'll go about my own." "But I won't let you go; you shall govern with me." "But we can't agree together." " No matter ; with Ministerial responsibility, we will give you Ministers who think as we do, and you will do your best to agree with them if you can." "But then I sha'n't govern ; I'd rather go away." Such was a month since, our situation, and such it is to-day. Only M. Thiers no longer speaks of going away, but remains at the head of affairs, unchanging in his politics and more than ever resolved to maintain the Republic, thinking, as he does, that France can be saved by the Republic alone. Of this the Left is well aware, and therefore stands steadfastly by M. Thiers, despite the biting sarcasms and knock-down strokes they received from his Minister, M. Dufaure. The Right also is well aware of it, and the wind in vain seems fair- they are still full of mistrust, and are ever on their guard. The Committee of Thirty has held several sittings, and has named a sub-committee, charged with the examination of the resolution voted on the 29th of November. It will perhaps not be amiss to report the terms of the vote :-"A committee of 30 members will be named by the House, who shall lay before the National Assembly a bill to regulate the jurisdic- tion of public officers, and the conditions of Ministerial responsibility." Now, out of the 30 members appointed, 20 had voted against this resolution, and had declared in favour of the proposal of M. Bathie, which, you will remember, required that a committee of 15 members only should be chosen to present a bill concerning Ministerial responsibility alone. These 20 honourable members do not, it would appear, look upon the game as being lost, and with that view it is said they have resolved to examine nothing, nor will they even propose anything with the exception of what concerns Ministerial responsibility, which they care greatly for, as by that breach they hope to take the Government by storm before the Government has explained and set before the committee its own plans and desires. Now, M. Thiers has over and over again given his explanations. He has declared, and that most plainly, what, in his opinion, is necessary for him to be able to govern with responsible Ministers. The powers of the President must be prolonged for a stated time ; a vice-president must be appointed ; lastly, and above all, a second house must be instituted, having the power, conjointly with the Executive, to dissolve the first. But, after having thus made his views known, M. Thiers refuses most obstinately to propose a bill himself. It behoves the Assembly, and not him, to assume the initiative ; tins for himself, he takes his stand upon the ground chosen by him in his message, when he said, "All France is looking to you, and every one inquires what day and what form will be by you chosen in order to bestow on the Republic the conservative force without which it cannot exist. To you it belongs to choose both the day and the form. God forbid we should stand up in your place, but on the day you have appointed, and when you have chosen certain among you whose duty it will be to meditate upon this great work, if you desire to have our opinion, we will most sincerely and resolutely give it to you." But the committee declines the initiative. However little they may consent to do, the majority, whose creatures they are, will think it is too much. For, in truth, a fact is not acknowledged more or less ; it is acknowledged to be a fact or denied. Now, the question of to-day is the Republic ; no sooner will the committee have bestowed upon it even the slightest atom of organised life, who can say what will happen The little monster is not so sickly and ailing that it must give up all hope of life, so that while the committee and M. Thiers are exchanging their mutual invitations in the most courteous of terms, like M. Sterne and the Duchess de Bouillon, try to make way for each other without succeeding. " Now, Sir, I beg, do go on before," each remaining in his place, nobody wishing to be the first to go. Let us, however, hope that they will at last become good friends, like our sentimental clergyman and the fair Duchess. Meanwhile time flows on, and thanks to this exchange of courtesies, which leaves the principles of each party has sailed, it will be perhaps possible to hobble on till the day when the Prussians will no longer be on French ground. Money will not be wanting for our deliver- ance. Two hundred millions of francs, completing the third mill.ard, were told down on the 11th inst. By the instalments already paid in the loan has produced a capital of two milliards, and the Government is in a position to pay the whole of the fourth mile- hard. But so considerable an exportation of coin would, in all likelihood, bring on a serious monetary crisis. So that the Government has wisely decided to go on, as heretofore, paying over to Germany monthly instalments of 200 millions each ; but we can already look forward to the total deliverance of our territory to be effected about the middle of the year 1873. To obtain this the treaty of peace has declared that financial securities ore to be given to Germany for the payment of the fifth milliard, upon the ac- ceptation of which they will leave France altogether, and if the situation of affairs at home is the same as to-day, there is no reason why these securities should not be accepted. I am aware that there is no lack of croakers who foresee and prophesy all sorts of a catastrophes at home, together with the most fearful disturbances and intestine quarrels of all kinds, the whole to be followed by a new invasion of the Prussians. But I, for one, put no faith in such ill bodings, and I will beg you, Sir, not to put too much faith in our public press. For I beg you to remark that the French nation, so often accused of boastfulness and self vaunting, is always the first to speak ill of itself, and that we are behind nobody in blackening our own characters. I also know, as well as anybody what we are wanting in. and what we might borrow from America, or rather from England, to which M. Thiers is ambitious to lead us. Of course, I allude here only to our science of politics for other things it is not at all proved to me that we have anything to envy either one or the other for. The Anglo-Saxons do not believe in equality, which we are so mad for, and which is only a fiction ; but in return they firmly Soho we in liberty, which is a truth, and they prove this truth by putting it into practice. Nor is this a question of government, as with us we are too inclined to imagine a it is a question of temper and habits. Caesar would, in England, be compelled to be a Liberal, and Washington, in France, would, perhaps, be an autocrat; but temper and habits may be modified, and man sometimes learns wisdom at his own expense. Now, I see around me men who were not Republicans, and who perhaps are not so yet, but who accept the Republic for want of something better, and who, when they do accept it, are disposed to fulfil all the duties of a Republican. This takes away all my fears, and allows me to hope that a day will come when the party spirit which new rules us, and leads us astray, will give way to nobler and juster ideas, when the great bulk of the nation will recognise that every one has a right to think as he deems fit; that a man may be a Voltarian, a Jansenist, of a monk that he may love the Pope, the Count of Chambord, or M. Gambetta, without ceasing to be an honest man, and will even allow every one to say so freely and openly, keeping the rigour of the law only for those who attempt to uphold their convictions sword in hand and musket on shoulder. We are just now in a time of quiet, thanks to the fortnight's holidays taken by the Assembly for the festivities of Christmas and New Year's Day. The deputies have all started on their way to their homes in the provinces, with the exception of the Committee of Thirty, which remain at Versailles firm at their post. M. Thiers has come to Paris, where he means to spend the fortnight at the Palais de Elysee. He will, however, return to Versailles for the official levee of New Year's Day. This lovée might easily have been held at the Elysee, but you are not without knowing that it is the duty of the President to be the first to pay a visit to the President of the Assembly, the latter returning it on the same day. In obedience to this duty, M. Thiers will repair to Versailles on the 1st of January, and will there receive the foreign ambassadors and the great bodies of the state. But whether at Paris or at Versailles, the life the President leads is the same simple homely life of a private gentleman that I have more than once described to your readers. And speaking of this, I think they will not be displeased if I transcribe here a letter written by the mayor of a small provincial town, in which he gives an account of a visit paid by him to the President of the Republic during a short journey to the capital, the said letter being addressed to a provincial paper : " I was most desirous not to leave Paris without presenting ray respects to M. Thiers. But how was to obtain admittance Î I had just been told that the thing was quite out of the question, and, indeed, in the midst of such a turmoil of business, was it not to be supposed that not a moment of his time could be given to the reception of a more visit? However, I determined to venture. I left the debates in the House when it was quite dark. Accoutred as I was in my every- day clothes, without having even thought of erasing the marks of the mud gathered in the roads so drenched by the rain, I took my way to what is generally called the Hotel of the Presidency. On reaching this abode -a comparatively humble one, more especially when we go back in thought to the palatial splendours of our old monarchs-I entered a large hall on the ground floor, and there giving my name and title, I was politely answered, ' Go upstairs, M. Mayor ; you will find some one to give your card to, and if the President is at leisure, he will receive you immediately.' I obeyed. My card was couched thus : THE MAYOR OF BEAUNE is just now in Paris on business concerning the town, and has the honour to present to the President of the Republic the assurance of his energetic and most respectful devoted-, nest. "My card had scarcely been received, before it was given into the hands of M. Thiers, whose voice I heard inviting me to come in. "The President was all alone, seated by his fireside in his study, in the attitude of a man full of thought. He rose and greeted me most heartily, and desired me to take a seat. " his first question related to the character of our population. Most thoroughly repub- lican,' I answered. Full of trust in you, resolute to support your authority, and completely attached to public order and labour. The disturbances foreboded by certain people are impossible, and should any wicked attempt be made, it would be immediately put down by the population,' He then agreed with me that monarchy had no longer any chance, and that to dream of the return of the Bonapartes would be preparing the ruin and disgrace of France. He next inquired after our crops, he knew that our ^ stages had been very poor but that the other crops had in general given satisfactory results Then asking me if I was going home soon, he said, Strengthen the confidence of the confident reassure the timid, the few years I have left shall be devoted to the establishment of the Republic and I fully hope that 1873 will see our tern story entirely delivered ' We were at this point of our conversation when Madame Thiers came in with M Barthelemy St Hilaire The latter came to inform him of the result of the days debates in the Assembly The result was 'All light' I rose, for it was the hour when the industrious and worthy old man takes every day a few moments rest, and I left him, his hand pressed in mine, charg- ing him to be careful of his life, because at this moment his life is ours, and the life of France itself ' Some rather interesting news reaches us from Berlin Herr von Bismarck has resigned his functions of president of the Prussian Cabinet, and his resignation has been accepted by the Emperor ' You will continue to confer with me," says the Imperial Rescript upon the affairs of the empire and our foreign policy M de Bis mai ck still remains therefore, Minister of Foreign Affairs for the German Empire and above all, Chancellor of that empire M de Rood, being the oldest Minister, becomes president of the Prussian Cabinet M de Roos, the Minister of War, belongs to the old national and feudal party, which is so in fluential with the Emperor, and to which M de Bismarck is a declared foe The causes of this resignation appear to be so intimate and so perplexed, that it is a subject of debate in the papers whether, in this new situation, the influence of M de Bis mai ck will increase or decrease Two of the most reliable papers of Berlin speaking beforehand of the change which has now come to pass, concluded that M de Bismarck could throw off the care of the affairs more especially Prussian, in order to give predominant direction to the Imperial policy These two papers evidently expressed the opinion of tty Chancellor him self The policy of Prince Bismarck has just now some analogy with the conduct formerly held by the Count de Cavour, he is seen facing Prussia to Germany, as M de Cavour sacrificed Piedmont to Italy, he is giving himself wholly up to the accomplishment of German unity and the strengthening of the German Empire. It is for him a tempting task, for it is grand and difficult, and however angry I may be as a Frenchman against M de Bismarck, I have no hesitation in acknowledging that he alone is capable of its accomplishment The names of Bismarck and Cavour remind me of a saying of M Thiers, when talking a short time since with the former Prime Minister of Napoleon HE As you may suppose, they differed in opinion At length the president, wishing to give up something to his adversary, said, It must, however, be acknowledged that the empire has produced two great Ministers " The countenance of his interlocutor blushed with pride " It has," assured M Thiers, " formed two great-two very great Ministers, Cavour and Bismarck " Cavour is dead, and we may now form a correct opinion of himself and his work The fortune of Italy has achieved what his genius had begun "The Italians are a fortunate people," their old countryman, Cardinal Mazarin, would have said had he lived in our days For Juno, who was so long her enemy has made up for the past rigour Chance has done as much for very few nations For the last 20 years everything has conspired in then favour, and everything has been turned to account war and peace, revolution and reaction, the faults of her enemies, the faults of her friends, and even her own since it is by dint of being defeated that she won back Venetia Rome alone was wanting to fill up all the wishes of Italy Our recent disasters have given her Rome, as our preceding vic tones had given her Lombardy To day the unity of Italy is obtained, and the gates of the Vatican will not prevail against her rights conti acampo) ta> Vatican prevalebit In a synod held a few days since, the Pope pronounced a discourse, in which he gave vent to his usual complaints against the Governments of Italy and Germany, declaring beforehand null and void the sale of the property of the religious congregations of Rome which the new law is about to enact This declaration is not at all now, it has already been made when the law on religious corporations was enforced in the remainder of the kingdom of Italy This in no wise prevented a secularisation of church' property from being carried into execution. 1 remark that the pontifical harangue makes no allusion to the Pope's departure from Rome, although the Pope has declared over and over again he was resolved to quit the eternal city if ever the religious corporations were suppressed. This silence would incline us to suppose that Cardinal Antonelli, who has ever done his best to dissuade the Pope from leaving Rome, has at last won the day. For three whole days there has been no talk about Spain, but she appears again upon the scene in a somewhat noisy way. On the 11th inst. a riot took place at Madrid, and musket shots were exchanged. The con- spirators numbered 80 men as in the old ballad. Their leader was an unknown man of lofty stature, dressed according to classical tradition, including the ample Spanish cloak and the Calabrian wide-awake This little band suddenly made its appearance on the Place Anton-Martin, whence they bent their steps towards the Fuerta-del-Sol, crying out, "Hurrah for the Republic; down with the enemies of the Spanish honour." The rioters were charged by the troops, and took to their heels. They were followed, but vanished away like so many ghosts. Who were they? What did they want? Where are they? The report addressed to the Congress merely states that the conspiracy had no " avowed end, and that it was doubtless fomented by persons whose interest it was to create a disturbance on the eve of a public loan' It appears that the Spanish insurrection had not sufficient strings to its bow. Not satisfied with being by turns Carlist, Alphonsist, Republican, and a mob of smugglers, or all these things at once, it has now become financial. In unhappy Spain everything, even the good that is endeavoured to be done, becomes an arm in the hands of faction. For instance, the Government has just presented a Bill for the Abolition of Slavery in Porto Rico. The measure is most praiseworthy, and would have been more so still had it been applied to the island of Cuba, where slaves are more numerous and not so well treated as at Porto Rico. The debates in the Cortes were most eloquent, and the law will be no doubt voted. Meanwhile, the Opposition lays hold of this pretext in order to overthrow the Cabinet by means of a monster petition, bearing-and this detail is characteristic of Spain-the signatures of almost all the generals in the army, and in which M. Ruiz Zorilla is denounced as an accomplice. in the revolt of the West India Islands. From slavery to the importation of Chinese coolies the distance is not great ; the lot of these wretched labourers engaged in China for America is hardly more enviable than that of the African negroes. The St. Petersburg press published lately the most fearful details concerning this trade in human flesh, encouraged by the guilty connivance of the Portuguese authorities at Macao. You are aware that France and England have agreed upon certain regulations of this coolie trade, but the dispositions adopted by the two nations have not diminished the grievance in a sensible degree, and it is time to put in execution some more effective measures. Speaking of China, induces me to mention that we have now in Paris a Japanese embassy, which is a great attraction for our Paris cockneys. The ambassadors, eight in number, were received three days ago by M. Thiers at the Palace of the Elysee. They were all clad in blue coats embroidered with gold, and wore a sort of three-cornered hat, something similar to that worn by the sena- tors of the Second Empire, with white or black feathers. Another embassy, which also comes from the Far East, is soon expected to arrive at Marseilles, via Suez. It is sent by the Emperor of Annam, and brings with it several young Annamites, who are to be educated among us. One of these youths is a nephew of the Emperor, and is said to be very clever, though still young. The last days of the year are coming upon us, and the season, which began two months since, does not promise to be brilliant. All the official fetes, balls, and concerts are put off till such time as the Germans shall have left our territory. The great theatres, the opera, the Italians, and the French Theatre, have lost their brightest stars, and live as they best may upon old plays. Besides, the state of crisis in which we have been living since the Assembly resumed its sittings has exercised a regrettable influence over affairs in general, and has almost caused a panic. Foreigners who at this time of the year flock to Paris! have not come and those amongst them who have forestalled their visit, have packed up their trunks in all haste, and flown away. It has always been thus in all times, as is proved by the following dialogue I have copied out of an old comedy written more than a century firms " Pascarial.-What I you are packing up ? " Harlequin. Why, yes, I am. " Pose-What ! do you mean to leave Paris ? "Hark Of course I do. " Pase And why, pray " Paris have reasons of my own. " Rose Do you find anything to blame in the city? Harlowe in that respect there is not a finer city beneath the sky. " Pascale the wine bad? " parish just now emptied a goblet full of rubies of pure Burgundy. " Page And the women ? " Hark-Great hussies all of them, but incomparable " Pass Whence then this wish to run away? " Halls will tell you. Your Paris is too fond of change. One never knows what the morrow will bring forth, and I am over on the tenterhooks of disquiet. ".Pase-That is our business. How can that concern you "arisen every way so I am off to Naples, or perhaps to the moon." I have said nothing of the inundations caused by the overflow of the Seine, whose waters have risen to a height they have only once attained in this century. The flood has caused great devastations and considerable loss ; nor does this conduce to the improvement of our situation. Fashion, however, never loses her right, and has brought out her usual provision of novelties. For men they are scarcely perceptible. Their hats are made in the English style ; it is a somewhat long, high-crowned silk hat, slightly serving at the brims, and with something of the brilliancy of satin. The coat for walking out or riding is generally a vest of grey or blue cloth, cut away in front-a sort of Young England cut-away, with short skirts, the waistcoat being of the same stuff. The long cravat is as near as possible of the same hue as the coat. In the evening, the facings, of the dress-coat are lined with silk. The gloves are light grey for a concert or the play, and yellow for a ball. At the theatre black trousers are worn only by staid and aged people ; young men, or those who pretend to be such, wear light-coloured trousers of all kinds. As to the ladies-but this serious subject, to be worthily treated, requires more space than the length of my letter allows me, and I must beg my fair readers to bear with me till my next letter. DEATH OF DEAN RAMSAY. Late intelligence received from London announces the death of the Very Rev. Edward Bannerman Ramsay, M.A., LL.D., F.R.S.E., Dean of Edinburgh. From Men of the Time we learn that the very rev. dean was the fourth son of the late Sir A. Ramsay. Bart., of Balmain, born in 1793, graduated at St. John's College, Cambridge, B.A. in 1815, M.A. in 1831, the degree of LLB. having been given him by the University of Edin- burgh at the installation of Mr. Gladstone as Lord Rector in 1859. He was appointed minister of St. John's, Edinburgh, in 1836, dean of the diocese in 1841, and has written a " Memoir of Sir J. E. Smith, P.L.G.," published in 1827; "Memoir of Dr. Chalmers," 3rd edition, and "AdventSermons,"in 1850: "The Christian Life," and "A Manual of Catechising," in 1859, now in its 11th edition ; " On the Canon Law of the Episcopal Church of Scotland as it stood in 1800, in 1800; Proposals for Providing a Peal of Bells for Edinburgh, in 1863; and Christain Respon- sibility," in 1864. At various times he has published occasional sermons on opening of organs, charitable collections, opening Glenalmond, &c.; His " Reminiscences of Scottish Life and Character," which first appeared in 1857, has gone through 19 editions. In 1869 he published a letter to young clergymen on the ' Art of Reading and Preaching Distinctly." Dr. Ramsay, Who holds English orders, and for seven years served a curacy in Somersetshire, has been for some time a dean of the Reformed Episcopal Church of Scotland, and, as a church man, has advocated moderate opinions, both in ritual and doctrine. He always cultivated the most kindly intercourse with those who held different opinions in religion, and Dr. W. Lindsay Alexander, the Independent minister, dedicated to him his work on St. Paul at Athens, published in 1865. The dean in 1802, delivered before the Philosophical Institute of Edinburgh two lectures on the " Genius and Works of Handel," which were published in a neat volume by Messrs. Blackwood. In 1866 he delivered two lectures on " Preachers and Preaching," which enjoyed considerable popularity both in Scotland and England. Dean Ramsay set on foot the movement and subscriptions to erect a monument to the memory of Dr. Chalmers. DREADFUL MURDER IN LONDON, (mon the European m vil ) On December 25 a most horrible murder was discovered at No 12 Great Coram street, Russell square, the victim being a woman named Clara Burton The deceased had, it seems, gone out about 10 o'clock on the previous night, having previously borrowed it from a girl named Alice Nelson, who lives on the ground floor of the same house On her return deceased told Nelson that she had met a very handsome German gentleman," who had bought her a quantity of oranges and nuts, and these she gave to her landlady to take care of She went to her room with the "gentleman," who preceded her, as if he knew his way She came down directly afterwards with half a sovereign, from which the landlady Miss Wright) took 9s on account of rent, and returned Is to the deceased, as he then went to the room of the girl Nelson The deceased appeared as if she had been drinking a little, and chatted very freely, till Nelson warned her not to leave a strange man upstairs, and she went away, but again came down to the landlady, and asked for some bottled stout which, however, it was too late to obtain She then went upstairs, and nothing further was heard of either her or the man till about half-past 6 on December 25, when he was heard descending the stairs He walked measured along the passage, and slammed the street door after him Mrs Wright, the landlady, mentioned the circumstance to her husband, but no notice was taken of it, nor did anything at all suspicious transpire until between 1 and 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when the deceased not coming down, the landlady went up to call her As the girl Nelson was better acquainted with the deceased than anybody else in the house, the landlady went down to her, and upon then going to the room and bursting open the door, the dead body of the woman was soon lying in the bed, her throat being cut deeply under the car, and the jugular vein being severed There was another deep gash a little lower down extending to the upper part of the left breast Life was quite extinct An alarm was raised, and John Hoyle, 111 F, who was called in at once sent for Dr Murphy, of Great Coram street, and the circumstances of the discovery were then communicated to the Hunter street Police Station, where Mr Superintendent Thomson was on his afternoon v visit He at once personally undertook the investigation of the case The door had been locked on the outside, and the key taken away, but strange to say there were no marks of blood on the door or on the walls of bed The face of the victim was perfectly calm , but on the forehead there was the distinct punt of a thumb, and a little lower down of the palm of the hand in blood, as if after the first wound had been inflicted the poor creature had been held down by the left hand while the second cut was made The upper part of the bed did not appeal as if any body had lain upon it, but the lower part gave signs of the woman having struggled a good deal. The pillows were completely saturated and steeped with coagulated blood The most careful examination of the room and its surroundings failed to throw any light on the means by which the deed had been committed A basin and can filled with water had not been touched, but in a second large can there was a mark of blood on the side, and evidence that the murderer had raised his hands in the water In front of the washstand there were ten large drops of blood, and on the towel a mark as if a small pocket knife had been wiped and that was the only clue to the species of weapon that had been used for the accomplishment of the deed The room was usually assisted by a paraffin lamp, which the landlady lit at 8 o'clock, and an ex animation of it showed it to be rather more than half full, and turned down as if to extinguish it There were two empty match boxes on the table-one, a tin one, used generally for carrying wax vestas, and on that were two spots of blood The blinds were down and the windows closed, and there were no marks of blood on either, so that it would seem at all events that the weapon was not thrown out at the window The most active and diligent inquiries are being pursued by Inspector Ci use and Detective Sergeant Kerby, of Bow street, under the direction of Superintendent Thomson, and some circumstances have already come to light, which it is desirable should not at present be made public FATAL COLLIERY EXPLOSION (from the europe in h it ) A frightful explosion took place on December 21, in No C pit on the extensive colliery of Stainer and Co , Silverdale near Newcastle under Lyme, by which eight col her s lost their lives and others were seriously injured The explosion occurred in what is termed the "Buthurst seam But little coal had been got from the seam and there weienotmoie than 20 men at work in the place when the explosion occurred, though in other parts of the pit the full complement of colliers-between 300 and 400 were at work. The force of the concussion was felt over a long area An exploring party was at once formed, and Mr Lucas (head manager) John Downing (underground bailiff), and Mr T S Wilkinson (mining engineer) headed the company There was a scene of wild confusion in the pit, and the disastrous character of the explosion was at once observed The dead bodies of John Bainbridge (head butt)), John Edwards Amos Edwards (a fine young fellow, son of John) and another soldier named Hall were found rivemenshockmgly affected by choke damp were taken to the surface, these poor fellow we were we thing in anguish and dear mus The application of electricity proved very valuable in restoring the men. The other men killed were named Powis (a butt)) Blown Nicholls, and Mullineux William Burbery, looker on and several other men who were at the pit bottom, had a narrow escape from death They were blown down and crashed Burbery was in the stable and though he escaped, four horses were killed The pit workings were shattered very much No idea can as yet be formed as to the cause of the explosion TRAGEDY AT NAPLES A Neapolitan correspondent of a London paper, writing on Dec 9 says - Yesterday, at about Ham, the whole quarter of the Riviera di ClnajawoB thrown into a violent commotion, owing to a tragical affair which took place in the Villa Pacific, resulting in the death of Miss Ada Sclnassi and of Mr. J H Gordon Mr J H Gordon formerly of the British Indian Civil Service had been for some months living at the ' Pension Anglaise,' 111 Riviera di Clnaja, kept by Mdme Scluassi Among the four daughters of Mdme Schiossi were Ada and Louisa (twins) Some time ago Mr Gordon became attached to Ada and proposed to marry her but the offer was refused by the mother, as the young lady was already engaged to a naval officer Since then Mr Gordon (who was about 60 years of age, and a widower) thought fit to annoy Miss Sclnassi with his attentions to such an extent that the mother was obliged to request him to change his quarters as soon as possible This seems to have grieved Mr Gordon very much, and to have caused him to com- mit the crime of which you have been Yesterday morning, about 19.48, the twine Louisa and Ada Sclnassi, went to the gardens of the Villa Nationale for their usual morning walk, where they were met by Mr. Gordon, who accosted Louisa and asked her why they wished to get rid of him, and also the reason why her sister Adit refused to entertain his suit. On her return ing to listen to him he left her, and no proaching Ada, commenced upbraiding her and finished by commanding her to follow him, which she naturally refused to do, upon which he, stepping has " couple of paces, pulled a revolver from his pocket, and firing two shots at Ada, which entered her back, turned the revolver upon himself, fired two other shots and fell down a corpse. The police author! ties and a great crowd were immediately on the spot, but all efforts were useless, as both the assassin and his victim were dead At the inquest this morning, Ada was found to have been shot through the heart, in Gordon's case death was caused by one of the shots having completely severed the aorta. On Gordon were found a gold watch, albert chain with small gold whistle, and locket containing a portrait, supposed to be that of his late wife on the little finger of his right hand an onyx signet ring, with his initials T. H. G.,' and inside the gold of the ring were the words ' Sophie, Oct. -, 1806 .' a purse, containing 375. in paper, three sons in bronze, and one silver sixpence. Gordon had taken the precaution to destroy all papers which might lead to his identification and it was only through his bankers that the authorities have been able to find out any thing about him." THE NEW GERMAN PEERS. The following are the names of the 25 new peers created by the Emperor of Germany : Generals Herwarth, von Bittenfeld, Stein, metz, von Peucker, von Holleben, and Stosch ; Minister Freiherr von der Heyde Patow ; Diplomatists, Herr von Papen, Baron Magnus, Herr von Lehmann, and Herr Fleck ; Military Auditor-General, Herr von Bartle leben, chief president; Under-secretaries of State, Sulzer and Bitter; President Friedeberg; Herr Schumann, Chief Direc- tor of Taxes ; Herr von Philipsborn, Ministerial Director ; Her von Dechenil, President of the Directors of the Bank of Prussia ; Herr von Günther, President of the Maritime Institution of Commerce ; Dr. Heinrich, Vice president of the Supreme Court ; Dr. Weber, Chief Procurator- General and Herr Stephan, Director of the Postal Service. The remainder of the new peers are large landed pro- prietors. AN AMERICAN ROMANCE The New York papers contain the follow íngiomanticstory -Captain Charles Vincent sailed from Boston for Calcutta in August, 1843 He left in a quiet town near liner, Maine, a young girl of 18 to whom he was betrothed Captain Vincent was but 25 when his ship, Lauro Sheldon, stood out to sea Nearly a year elapsed and no tidings of either ship, officers or crew, had been received at home Years came and went, and hundreds of East India men sailed into American harbours but never a word regarding the ship Laura Shel- don was received in the meantime the young girl, faithful to the memory of her sailor lover, remained unmarried refusing many advantageous offers from suitors her equal in social position and intellectual culture, for she is a lady of superior mind Through all these 29 years of silence she has been hopeful, and indeed cheerful. she has never despaired of the return of her for a Qft September 15 last a letter was received by her aged mother post marked Liverpool The winner was Captain Charles Vincent, now a man of 5-1 years He asked her to inform him if her daughter was still alive and unmarried, and said if the reply should be to that effect that he should sail at once for America The mother immediately answered his letter, carefully concealing ev anything from her daughter. On the first day of this month Captain Vincent alighted at the door of his betrothed Captain Vincent's story would fill a volume The Lama Sheldon was shipwrecked in the Indian Ocean, and only the captain and one sailor survived They were rescued from their perilous position on a raft after tyro dajsbyabng bound to China In one of the Chinese seaports Captain Vincent lived for years a clerk man English trading house. He wrote several letters home, but received no answers He gradually become prosperous in business, and will return to China in a few months with his bride A WHIRLWIND OF FIRE IN ENGLAND (from the liverpool MERCURY DEC I) ) On Saturday a most remarkable pi eno menon occurred at King Sutton near Banbury by which a man had a narrow escape No less than 17 trees were torn up by the roots. 36 more or less injured and lib yet Is of stone wall thrown down About 1 o'clock in the day the people in the neighbourhood I saw something in the shape of a ha) cock of great size revolving through the air It via accompanied by fire and a great deal of smoke and sometimes was seen high in the air in I at others near the ground It made a great noise something like a railway tram travelling and progressed with great raj i bt It passed over the estates of Colonel North M P Sir William Brown Bart an 1 Mr Leslie Melville Cartwright 61 yards of whose park wall at one place has been thrown down horn the foundation It tore up one of the largest beech trees on Sir William Brown. estate and about 12 to 15 tons of earth with it and the branches were earned about in all three tions A man named Adams who was breaking stones on the road as) she heard a great noise as if a railway tram were coming in There was a dense smoke and a tree that he had been standing under a minute before was torn up There was a heavy rain at the time and a few minutes before a vivid flash of lightning 1 or a mile and a half there are traces of the destruction caused by the phenomenon which seems to have travelled almost in a straight line from south to north It was followed by a whirlwind that swept everything before it and a pond it passed I was dried up stones carried a distance of forty yards and railings knocked down frightened cattle ran about the fields many of which are strewn with the branches of the trees struck The people were greatly alarmed some of them say the noise was teinfio-and they thought the earth was about to open and swallow ev anything up After travelling for about two miles the fire meteor seems to have expended itself george francis train again A New York telegram dated December 21 says - Though George Francis Train full 1 to become President he has accord. shell the next dearest wish of his heart in getting into an American hostile Grant has been issuing here recently his little weekly, tailed 2 he Ï rain Ligue which he started ordinary at Omalux The last copy fell into the hands of Anthony Comstock whose self chosen mission is to stamp out obscene literature and who has succeeded in convicting more offenders than any of his predecessors tram was arrested at his residence, up-town last night and went peaceably to Mercer street gaol where he spent the night. The number of his paper seize I is the fifth published in this city It consists mainly of Trams letters of condolence to Woodhill and Claim while in prison and denunciations of the Bible for some time past Tram has been busy upon a volume with which he threatens the public bringing together all the coarse words and phrases of the Bible narratives admitted by the translators He has deemed the present an ot ; or tunity to put his beastly work in print no claims to have no religious belief and that is that there is nothing after death time mon is only an animal and must share the fate of the animals ter) natural "lea for Tram which argues self knowledge at least This morning he was arraigned before justice Boardman He appeared in cm fashionably attired with han wildly tumble i A crowd of about 20 of his eccentric feats were present including a bank female carrying a flag of the Intel nationals IT" pleaded guilty to publishing an obscene paper providing he said his Bible qr ore thousand obscene The justice was about to utter his plea of guilty when Rain fawn! blunder and pleaded Not guilty He was then consigned to the Tombs without Dei Gra ho didn t want any bail His assistant young man named Nichols was also committed in default of COOdol bail I am boasts that this makes the 13th time he has been in a hostile _ Inf Bn dish Medical Journal says Miss C J S Williams M D has been appointed city physician by the corporation of bprnifeiien Massachusetts 