ITEMS _OF NEWS. The usual weekly meeting of the Ladies' Committeo of the Benevolent Asylum, will bo held this afternoon, at the Town Hall, and. the monthly meeting of the Ladies Boardinc-out Children Committee, will be held at the same place at 3 p.m. There should be a good attendance at the Mechanics' Inatituto this evening, to listen to the lecture by his lordship tho Bishop of Mel bourne. A series of blunders liavo occurred with respect to tho subject mattor of his discourse; but it is now definitely settled to be — "The Bible : its characteristics and offects." : Through Borne mistake in transcribing or fill ing in_ a telegram from Hons. Cliiarini, the great circus was announced to appear in Market- square last evening, and actiro preparations wjere mado to carry out the preliminary arrange ment to that end. It now appoors that tho notice should have been for Monday next. This unintentionally caused .considerable annoyance, numbers having come in last evening from long distances, only to bo disappointed. The condemuod criminal Pierre Borhnu will undergo tho oxtreme ponalty of tho law this morning, at ton o'clock, at tho hands of the public exocutioner. Bumford arrived in Custlo- maine by tho 9.5o train yesterday, accompanied by a soiiior-turnkoy from Melbourne, and nt onco proceeded to tho gaol, whore I10 had an in terview with his victim. The time for recoiving nominations of candi dates for tho Castlemaino Board of Advice closed yesterday afternoon, at which time no loss than fifteen had boen rccoivod by tho Mayor. The following is the complete list Messrs. Henry Crow, Wm. Baker, George Ryland, II. Christophers, J. W. Burnott, Wm. Wilson, J. U Goldsmith, T. S. Barnes, John Farren, Jas. bliaw. Goo. Morrifiold, John Temple, M. M'Clel land, Colin M'Leay," Wm. Adams. Tho olootion takes place on Thursday, the 29th inst., so that t|iet;o is but little time to aparo to get up a public meeting, to onable the various candidates to enlighten the electors on their views and obieots in ooming forward. The contractors are making good progress with the works in connection with tho efeotloh of the now Barkly bridge. The fotindatioti wall in the centre of the creek, from which the arohes spring, is well forward, and should the present fine wCitlher continue, ovory effort will be made to have it built high onqugh to bo beyond the danger of floods. Tlio stones of the old bridge are utilised in tbe present erection as far as they go. There is one disadvantage in connection with the matter whieh is severely felt by the iq. habitants ef Campbell's Creek, and that is, that the contractors were obliged to cut off" the water- supply pipes, and "thuB pi-event any person enjoying tho luxury of a oopiops supply of that fluid by meanB of tho reticulation pipes. By the M. and D. Advertiser of yesterday, wo learn that Mr John Farroll, Sheriff's Officer of Maryborough, sucpumbed to the effects of the accident lie met With a week or two bkek While in tbo execution of his duty. While returning from Dunolly in bis buggy, the clips which con: neat the shafts with the fore axle broke, the re sult being that tlio horse became unmanageable, and bolted off after upsetting tbe trap, and pre cipitating Mr Farrell and his assistant into tho road. After being convoyed home, ho was at: tended by the best medical skill which could bo obtained, but to 110 purpose. Mr Fatrell was the brother of J miles Farrell, Esq., member for this district, and bis death hai Caused quite a - gloom over tho township and district of Mary,- borough, whore lie was woll known for the last eighteen years, and highly respected. He lekves a young wife and two childreu to hiourn iiii loss. , Our Guildford correspondent writes: — Mr Warr, who for many lias officiated at Guildford, - NewsteaU, and Muckleford, in tho interests of the Cluirch of England, lolt 011 Saturday for tho scene of liis future labours at Brisbane, Queens land. He was greatly esteemed by all classes, and tliie was materially expressed by a pnt-ae of L56, which in a few hours was collected and pre: seiited to him. Of this sum Newstead con- ' tributed L9, Muckleford L13 10s, and Guild, ford, with its accusiomed liberality, L33 10s. Mr Wair, as well as the members of liis family, : will recollect his residence iu Guildford as 6 pleasant one. The Church of Eugland is too tender, too exotjc, too aristocratic, for tho vigorous and democratic people of Guildford, and but for the liberality aiid patronage of a few energetic men, if would long sinco have died out, but as it is the Wesleyan body is surely and ; certaiuly sapping its foundations, and the with drawal of Mr Warr will only hasten the 0011 summation. Tho playing of tho members of the Guildford Quoit Club for Mr FarfoU's trophy was con tinued On Ssturday, and the list still further re duced. ' As there was hn odd man, it was de cided to draw u competitor from those who ball boon beateu, aiid Mr Spain was the lucky, man. It was nnahimousiy" agreed that tlie banquet : should take placo at a time to suit the convenience ' of Mr Farroll. Mr Sinclair, of Guildford, it soems is so cott: fulent of ultimate success in liis suit ogaiiist tlio '» sjiire of Mount Alexander' in re- tlie levels ques tion, tlidt d now. trial is to take place, which ia set down for 20th inst. Some ono wii! have a pretty bill of costs to pay, one itom of wliicb, tlie visit of tho twelve jurymen to inspect Mr Sin clair's premises at Guildford, will cost something like L70. The friends, of Mr Giles Ohurch' will bo pleased' to learn that lie is recovering from his recent severe illness, - aiid is now. able , to take ont-door exercise. The Presbyterian Church reserve at Guildford, which for a long time, had a naked and distressed look, lias been recently fenced, and the improve ment adds much to the appearance of what is really a fine site. Our Guildford correspondent writes that corpen- - ters and other iugeuious. people of Guildford have been lately " exercised " by a puzzle presented to thein by Mr Roberts of Bandy Creek, who is at \- work repairing Guildford bridge. Tlie atory is, that in the great wall of China — so many centuries old — six stones were found united, or somewhat dovetailed together, iu so intricate a manner that when taken apart not one in a thousand could put them together again. Anybody oan put them to- . getlior, except the last piece, and this defies all. The repairs to " long bridge " as the Chinese call the Guildford bridge that spans the Loddon at that place, are progressing favourably. The works are advanced greatly last week. Mr Garner, the con tractor had a " ticklish " tender, inasmuch as wet weather would have made him a loser, but a few more of .fine weather will see him safe. The re pairs to the bridge are simple, but ingenious. As all decayed timber is replaced hy new, the bridge will now stand until it gives lip the ghost alto gether. Diamond hunting has not improved the morals of the Msritzburg people. A corre- / spoudent, writing to a Natal puper, says Tho, Diamond Fields have not only allectod our material wealth, they have injured our morals and tain tud our social habits. The gambling mania which hns reached such viio proportions on the Fields has also been imported into the colony, "and is spreading with a rapidity most bansful to' society. Tbo evil grows uiiheeded, , and there are houses in our midst jvliich many will livo to curse, tho day they .e(ver: beheld thein, Gambling aiid. drunkenness go band in hand, and;. the. number of- victims continue to increase. : A Chinaman (says the Courier) enmo to the Towo police/ station, about eight o'clock on .Saturday lijqhtj. to lodge a complaint .against a brother Celestial for killing n favourite cat. Uonatublo Thompson proceeded to the residonce of the delinquent. Chinese, and ascertained that the, miscliievqus unci luxurious heathen had - chopped off the head, of the cut, dismembered it, tnd was iu tho act of mulling " chow chow" of it. He stated, in answer to the constable, that oat was welly good, und would make him strong. Tho owner of it, however, promisee to tako out si suinmons for L20, the price at which he eBti- mato'd tho value of his pet. His erring country man, who had been seen to kill and cut up puss, offered him LI to square tho matter, a sum which John iudignantly refused. The Tuapeka Times is responsible for the following " It is rumoured that a case will, during tile present year, be tried, which, from tbe exalted stution'of ono of the parties, will fur transcend in intorcst any that has ever come before a colonial court. Evoryono knows that our now Govornor, Sir James Fargusson, was recently marriod to u wealthy South Australian lady, and the story of tho young gentloman who claimed to have been previously engaged to ber will be so fresh aS to render recapitulation un necessary. It is now stated that a Wellington legal (ii-ra has received instructions from tlio ror jccled suitor to commonco an action for breach of promiso of marriago against Lady and Sir James Forgusson immediately upon their arrival in tlio colony. Damages are to bo laid at L50.000 !" Saturday's Evening Post reports : — " At tho ordinary meeting 0! tlio Ballarat Farmers' Clnb held to-day, Mr Bacohus showed it speci men of some rarely cultivated grass, and read a statement Bhowing it to bo 1I10 paspalum dilata- turn which had ovory appearance of becoming a very valuable grass, if brought into general use, both for pasture and hays. It lias strong numerous fibrous roots,- similar to tho kangaroo grass (anthisteiiia australis), and like it will probably stand tho summer boat well. Pigs and liordes ate with avidity tho BinalleBt quantities given to them. The root of tho plant bad been obtained from Baron von Mueller twelve months ago. Mr Bacchus ulso showed a rare potato plant which had grown about 60 potatoes, like fruit, upon its branches, which I10 though', might possibly turn out to boa now variety, and. not a mere vegetable curiosity.- He, inquired, of. persons in tho distriot if any 0110. bqd observed the samo lmbit of growth. No one present re- cognised tho plant," The Bendigo Advertiser reports tho death of Mr David Williamson, J.P., manager of the Bank of Viotoria, Sandhurst. Deoeasod was 46 years of ago. A caae of 10,000 Havannah cigars, manufac tured at Pink Lily Form, near llockhampton, Queensland, have beon forwardod to England for cxhibiton in tho Queensland Annoxo, adding another instance of the wonderful resourcos of Queensland# Clones will be pictorially represented in the next issue of tho Illustrated News. One of the staff was at Clunoa on Friday and Saturday, and visited tho water-works, New North Clones, and Port Phillip mines. He took Boveral sketchos of the former, and of the surface works and un derground operations of the latter. A membor of the Maryborough Presbyterian Church has presented the committee of that building with L500. lie lent tho sum twelve months ago, towards clearing off a debt of LC00. As Dame Fortune has been kind to him in tho meantime, last week he oancelled the debt by making thejoan a gift to the funds. In this case wealth has fallen into good bauds. Tho Colao Herald, 13th May, writes : — Tho particulars of what seems as nice a little bit of Government favouritism as could well be per petrated catne out at the meeting in the Shire- hall on Saturday night last. Some few, weeks ego the Government ateamer Pharos visited the Cape Otway coast, having on board ouo member or more of tbo Cabinet, togother with several of their friends. The ostensible reason of the visit was stated, but since thon matters have transpired which would load the impartial hearer to beiiove there was a second, and not avowed aim, which would provo the more power ful incentive for the visit. However this may be, the Pharos brought down several passengers, who thus, under the patronage of her Majesty's Ministers, took the opportunity to select some of the fertilu strip of land that lies along the coast. Among others wo notice that Colonel Anderson nnd Major Henth havo selected sites for marine residences, each to the extent of 320 acres. So far, wo have no objection to tho pro cedure, though perhaps it would bo as well if these gentlemen had chartored a vessel to make their raids upon tho public landed estate of the oniony. But what follows is what may perhaps need explanation on the floor of the House of Assembly ere long. Mr Casey; immediately on his return to Melbourne, gazettes the wholo sur rounding territory fur some mileB as the Cape Otway State Forest, with the important reserva tion of all lands for which applications to oc cupy had beon made, of' course comprising the applications of his friends of tho Pharos' pleasure excursion. From every point of view from which we have scanned this business, it presents the aspects of a job, though perhaps some parti culars, of which we are not in possession, will provo Mr Casey and his satellites guiltless of complicity in such an imbrogiio. Tho assertions we have made, however, as to the reservations of the forest can be continued by an inspection of tho files of- the Government Gazette, aud i the other particulars, were openly asserted at the public meeting, at which tho remarks passed showed that all present deemed tho whole trans: action hut another of those land 'swindles of which the history of tlie colony presents more than "one example. , . - i 