MY' PORTFOLIO. FAIR ADELAIDE AND FALSE ARTHUR. A Ballad of the North CoutUrie. As it fell out one July day Two lovers sat side by side, There was Arthur the bold, and fair Adelaide, Our gay Civil Service's pride. " I see no harm by you, Adelaide, And you see none by me; Before many days are past and gone Fll make things pleasant for thee. "Before many days are past and gone Thy Arthurs choice thou shalt be, And my gallant Scott shall lead thee home To my hall in the North Countrie." . Out spake Sir William of Everard, " On the far Victorian strand Dwells a maiden fair—her sire was a Knight— More worthy your noble hand." Fair Adelaide sat in her bower-window Reading a missal brown, When she saw false Arthur and his new choice Come riding through the town. Then down she dropped her missal brown, And eke she sighed full sore ; " Come bind up my head, my seven brethren, For soon I shall be no more." When .day was gone and night was come, And sleep was o'er the land, Her spirit came to falBe Arthur's bed And stood at his right hand, " Are you asleep, Sir Arthur," she said, ' " Or can you hear my voice ? Ob, give me joy of my shattered hopes, And you of your Melbourne choice!" When day was come and night, was gone, And.dawn began to beam, False Arthur said to his merry men four " I have had a gruesome dream. " I dreamt a dream, my merry men four; Such dreams may ill betide! I dreamt I saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at my bedside." f Sueh dreams, such dreams, my Chief so bold, Such dreams may ill-betide ! \- To dream you saw fair Adelaide's ghost Standing at your bedside." Bold Arthur called.to his merry men stout By one, by two, by three ; Saying " We'll away to the Parliament House, And see what hap may be." . _ Then up they'rose, his merry men stout, Sir Lavyngton rose and ran, With Bright, Sir Arthur's little foot page, And Charley, his serving-Mann. And when he came to the Parliament House He knocked with knightly din; And who so bold as the seven brethren When false Sir Arthur came in. There foremost stood vain-glorious Ward, Whose words like mill-wheels run, With Kxichauff, skilled in forest craft, And learned Stevenson. Hard-headed Pearce and Bray so brisk With wrath were boiling o'er, Wasp-Erskine, too, and high-flown Hughes, Who wrangled evermore. Oh, then outspake the seven brethren, They spake in angry tone; "Why take you up with your Melbourne choice While Adelaide sighs alone ?" "If I took up with my Melbourne choice It seemed.most meet to me That she with my gallant Scott should ride To my hall in the North Countrie. "Deal on, deal on, ye seven brethren! But note full well this sign; If to-day ye weep for fair Adelaide's death, Ye shall weep to-morrow for mine." Fair Adelaide sighed, fair Adelaide wept, But hers was a bootless sorrow, For as loud as they spake, those seven brethren, False Arthur survived the morrow. MORAL. Take heed, take heed, ye young men all To Parliament who go, And seek not yeur love on the Melbourne strand Or the choice may work you woe. That ill-starred choice may work your fall By Parliament's accord, For it may not be your good hap to see The foe led on by Ward. ECHCCA FLEAS.—The following "yarn" is published in the Geelong Advertiser:—"It is believed by those who have redded at Echuca during the height of summer that there is no place in the world like it for fleas, and an amusing story is told about them. Some time ago a railway official applied to be removed from the district, on the ground that the fleas,were unbearable, and theirattacks would be injurious to his health. His request was deemed absurd, but, determined to prove that he had told ths truth, he one night got up, lighted his lamp, went flea-hunting, gnd IQ the C9VWS9 9F W hour or two had fillecl an ordinary-sized matchbox with these bosom companions and backbiters. Next morning he sent his 'game' down to the department, and the 'powers that were' were so amused with his originality that they granted his request. In course of time he was succeeded by another officer, about whom nothing has since been heard." Loetr&M.;—'The Daylesford Mercury, a Victorian paper, says:—" There is every prospect of the locusts making their appearance among the crops of the district early this spring. Mr. Bradsbaw, of Glenlyon, has shown us a number of young insects, ranging from half an inch to jan inch in length. They were of a dark brown colour, and very lively, but with the wings undeveloped. He told us that while ploughing on his farm he could see numbers of these voracious creatures on the surface. If they should arrive at maturity in time to attack the tender wheat and oats, the consequences may be very serious. One can only hope that the heavy rains of September or the late frosts may destroy the pests. ITOKTOVED VEHICLE.—The Melbourne Argus reports:—"A specimen ef an improved kind of albert car has recently been turned out by Mr. D. Besley. The body of the vehicle is nearer to the ground than usual, and therefore a passenger can more easily get in or out; but the principal Improvement seems to be the comparative smoothness with which the car runs, owing to a peculiarity in the manner in which the shafts and footboard are connected with .the body by means of springs. The absence of the usual jerky jolting motion is certainly a great advantage, and mil probably cause the new cab to become a favourite with ladies." 