INTERCOLONIAL FREE* TRADE. Tlie subjoined telegram from Sir Hercules Robinson, received by Governor Du Cane, has, by direction of his Excellency, been courteously forwarded to us by the Private Secretary, under date 25tli inst. :— To Governor Du Cane, Hobart Town. I have received the following telegram from the Secretary of State, dated 22nd March:— Her Majesty's Government have considered the telegram from Conference, and will introduce immediately a bill to remove the restriction on the intercol">nial tariff arrangement. Transmit this to the governors of other colonies represented at Conference. (Signed) HERCULES HOBINSON, Sydney. RAPACIOUS HATS.—Not a little surprise and amusement were created in the Supreme Court yesterday by the uudaunted voracity of certain rats that had attacked a parchment document of importance in an ejectment suit before their Honors. These casual intruders having entered upon possession of this deed (which had inadvertently been left in an unlocked box), and having neither the fear of the law in their hearts, nor any respect for tlie feelings of the litigants, completely mastered both the instrument and it contents, leaving only a few jagged corners behind them. The "brief" to which this document had been appended they rejected, however, possibly considering it unsavoury, even for their not over-delicate palates.— Syd- ney Morning Herald, March 18. THE ROYAL COMET VARIETY TROUPE appeared on Monday to a better house than has been previously accorded them here. The performance was carried through in excellent spirit, and the audience testified their appreciation of the artists' efforts by frequent and enthusiastic plaudits. The dancing of Messrs. Holly and Lenton excited universal admiration. The marvellous leap for life was taken by Lulu in such a daring manner as to hold spell-bound the breathless audience, but yet it was done with such an ease and address that the fears of the moat nervous were allayed. "OVER THE ISLAND" is the title of a brochure from the Adelaide press, by J. C, F. Johnson, author of "On the Wallaby," a copy of which •we have been favoured with by the author through G. Robertson & Co., Melbourne. The pamphlet contains a number of short tales illustrative of life in the colonies, and calculated to interest readers. The titles of the stories are as quaint as the style is racy, namely, "Bob the Hatter, a tale of the Big Flood," ''Wallaby Joe's Ghost," "Chummy Charley," "Billy Perkinses Experience or (.(pen to Doubt," "Jack Thornton's Story," "Christmas on Rodney's," "Bertha Beaumont's Triumph," and "Damper and Tea." Wdfcig €mmxmx DUCIT AMOR PATBX2E. SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1873. 