Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTUEB. BY THE AUTHORESS OF ' LA.DY ATTDLET'S 8ECRET,' &o.; j [Tbe right ol publication has been purchased by the proprietors ! of the Sydney Mail.] j BOOK ni.— CHAPTER XVII. Lucius seeks Enlightenment. Lucius waB more than usually solicitous for the se curity of the old house in the Shadrack Road after Mb meeting with Absalom Schanck ; locks and bolts -were adjusted with an almost mathematical precision under his eye, or even by his own hand ; and Mr. Mags by, the ex-policeman, remarked to Mrs. Magsby, in the confidence of the domestic hearth, that for a young gentleman Mr. Davoring was the fidgettiest and woiritingest he had ever had dealings with. Whereupon Mrs. Magsby, who entertained a rever ential admiration for Lucius, protested that she could see no fidgettiness in taking precautions against thieves in a house which had already been robbed ; and that burnt children are apt to be timid of the fire ; and, in short, that in her opinion, whatever Mr. Davoren did, he was always the 'gentleman.' Early on the day following his visit to Batteraea, Lucius went in quest of Mr. Wincher at the address ?which the old servant had given him at departing. Mrs. Hickett's, Crown-and- Anchor-alley, was an abode of modest dimensions, the ground floor being comprised by a small square parlour with a corner cut off for the staircase, and an offshoot of an apart ment, with a lean-to roof, in the rear, which served as a kitchen. The parlour, into which the street door opened directly, was, in the continental sense, Mr. and Mrs. 'Wincher's 'apartment,' since it constituted their sole and entire abode. That convenient fiction* .a sofa bedstead, with a chintz cover which frequent wash ing had reduced to a pale pea-soup colour, occupied one side of the apartment ; a Pembroke table, a chest of drawers, and three Windsor chairs filled the re maining space, and left limited standing room for the inhabitants. But if the domain was small, it was, in the eyes of the Crown-and- Anchor world, genteel, if not splen did. There was a looking-glass in a mahogany frame over the mantelpiece, with a pair of black velvet kit tens, and a crockery shepherd and shepherdess in front of it ; a pair of fancy bellows hung from a nail on one side of the fireplace, and a fancy hearth-brush adorned the other side. Altogether, Mrs. Wincher felt that in Mrs. Hickett's ground floor she was sumptuously lodged, and could hold her head high in . the Shadrack Road when, in her own phrase, she ' fetched her errands,' with no galling sense of having descended the social ladder. She felt the strength of her position with peculiar force this morning when she opened the door to Lucius Davoren. Her first sensation on beholding him was, as she in formed Mrs. Hickett in a subsequent conversation, ' astarickle.' She fully believed he had come to announce the apprehension of the thief, or the re covery of the stolen property. But in the next moment her native dignity came to her rescue, and she re ceived her guest with a freezing politeness and an assumption of profound indifference. Some memory of the summer evenings -when Mrs. Wincher had played the duenna, the happy talk of a bright future to which she had listened approvingly, . came back to Lucius at sight of her familiar counte nance. He had once thought her the soul of fidelity ; even now he preferred to think her innocent of any complicity in her husband's guilt. Mr. Wincher waB sitting by the fireless grate in a somewhat despondent attitude. He had found ' odd jobs ' harder to get than he had supposed they would be, and enforced idleness was uncongenial. Nor was Mb slender stock of savings calculated to hold out long against the charges of rent and .living. ' Good morning,' said Lucius with cold civility. 41 1 should be glad to have a few minutes* talk with you alone, Mr. Wincher, if you'll allow me.' ' I have no secrets from my good lady, sir. You cbn say what you have to say before her. You haven't found out who took that silver. I can tell as much as that from your manner,' said Mr. Wincher quietly. ' I can't say that I have actually found the thief,' answered LuciuB ; ' but I have made a discovery ?which may helpme to find him.' ' Eh, sir ? What discovery ? ' ' ' Mr. Wincher,' said Lucius, seating himself op posite the old man and leaning across the table to look into his face, ' who was the man you let into jour master's house, by the brewhouse door, between 1 and 2 o'clock on the 17th of last month ? ' ' Sir,' §{iid Mr. Wincher, steadily returning the iitieStioiier's steady gaze, 'as surely as there is a Mgher Power above us both that knows and judges -what we do and say, I have told you nothing but the truth. I let no one into my master's house on that night or any other night.' ' What ! You had no light burning long after midnight — you set no candle in one of the upper looms for a signal— you never gave your accomplice a lodging in one of the attics ? Why, I tell you, man, I found tbe bed he had slept in— the ashes of the fire that had warmed him— his empty brandy bottle ! If you want to go scot-free yourself, or to be paid handsomely for your candour, the truth will best serve you, Mr. Wincher. Who was the man you kept Mdden in that upBtair room at Cedar House r ' ' I can but repeat what I have said, sir. I never admitted nny living creature to that house surrepti tiously. I never lodged bo much Us a strange cat in those upstair rooms. How could I ? Miss Lucille always kept the key ofthe upper staircase.' _ *« Pshaw ! What was to prevent your having a duplicate key ? ' exclaimed Lucius impatiently. This old man's protestations sounded like truth ; Jbnt Lucius told himself they could not be truth. After all, when a man hails once made things easy with -his conscience— settled with himself that he will mot attempt to square his life by the right angle of fair -dealing — there need be nothing so very difficult' in lying. It can only be a matter of invention and self possession. ' Come, Mr. Wincher,' said Lucius, after a pause ; «' believe me, candour will best serve your interests. I knew the name of your accomplice, and I am ready to believe that you were ignorant of -the darker pur- ' pose which brought him to that house. lam ready to believe that you had no hand in the attempt to i poison your old master.' ' i - - Sir,' said Mr. Wincher, with another solemn ap peal to the Highest of all Judges, ' all that yousay as incomprehensible to me. , I admitted no one. I know. nothing of any attempt to injure my old-master, whom I have served - faithfully and with affection for three- and-twenty years. I know no more of., til® jobbery I . told you when I informed you of it. IFhere is some mistake, sir.' ? ... - ' What, will you tell me that my, own senses haye deceived me — that Idid not see the door opened and the light in the upper window that night,? Who was there in the tiouBe to open, that door ojrset that beacon light in the .window except ypu-rrOr^Miss Sive »wrigbt?' , ?..- -? :-?» . Or MIbb Sivewright ! What if it was Lutflle who opened the door— Lucille who gave ihe man shelter in that upper room? Was she not. -capable bf any act, however desperate, for the sake of the lather she. loved with such a morbid affection. . If ha- came to her as a suppliant, entreating , for shelter, pleading, perhaps, for her influence to bring, about a reconcilia tion betpreen himself and his father, would this fond confiding daughter tefuse to admit him,? Would she foresee the danger of his presence in, that hopse, or could &er; innocent mind conceive so Seep a- guilt as that oif the would-be parricide r , , A new light broke in upon Lucius Dijvoren's mind, He remembered all ihat had been strange in Lucille's manner and conduct since the evening when they went upto the loft, and he saw the opening ofthe attic door. Hie remembered her anxiety on that occasion— her agitation on every subsequent recurrence to the same subject — her impatient denial of any foundation for his suspicions about the . Winchers — how she fell unconscious at his feet 'when he plainly declared his discovery ; and lost of all, that fever in which the mind rather than the body had been affected. He recalled her wandering words, in wMch the name of father had been so often reiterated, and, most signifi cant of all, that strange appeal which Mrs. Milderson had repeated to him, ' You couldn't be so wicked as' to poison your poor old father.' To whom but aspn could those wordB have been spoken ? And could delirium ;suggest so deejj a horror if it were utterly baseless?' ? ' No, it was memory, and not a mind distraught, that shaped those fearful words,' thought Lucius. He was silent for somte time, pondering this new view of the question. . Mr. Wincher waited patiently, his poor old head shaking a little from the agitation of the foregoing conversation. Mr, Wincher's good lady stood with her arms folded, like a statue of female stoicism, as if it were a point ot honour with her not to move a muscle. ' Well, Mr. 'Wincher,' said Lucius at last, ' it is not for me to decide whether you are guilty or inno cent. You will hardly deny that circumstances con spired to condemn you. I did what I felt to be my duty when I advised Mr. Sivewright to dismiss you.' ' After three-and-twenty years, and never a fault to find with neither of us,' interjected Mrs. Wincher. ' The result has in a considerable measure justified that act. The attempt to poison a helpless old man has made no further progress.' Mr. Wincher cast up his eyes in mute appeal to Heaven, but said nothing. ' We could have poisoned him in Bondrstreet, if we'd wanted to it, ' -protested Mrs. Wincher. 'It would only 'a been to cook his bit of minced weal or Irish stew in a verding-greasv copper saucepan, and all the juries as ever sat couldn't have brought it home to us,' ' Now, if you are, as you allege, an innocent man,' pursued Lucius thoughtfully, ' you will be glad to give me the utmost assistance. I have made a dis covery that may in some measure affect this question. Ferdinand Sivewright is alive, and probablv in Eng land!' ' Then it was he who stole that silver ! ' cried the old man, starting up with sudden energy. ' Is not that a hasty conclusion ? ' ' You would not say so, sir, if you knew that - young man as well as I do. He was capable of any thing — clever enough for anything in the way of. wickedness. The most artful man couldn't be a match for him. He deceived me ; he hoodwinked his father, over and over again. There was no lock that could keep anything from him. He robbed his father in every way that it was possible for a: man. to rob, and, looked in his face all the time, and shammed inno cence. His mother had trained Mm to lie and cheat before he could speak plain. If Ferdinand Sive wright is in England,- Ferdinand Sivewright is the thief.' ' And the poisoner Y' aBked Lucius. 'I don't know! Perhaps. He did not shrink fiom stupefying his father's senses with an opiate when it suited his purpose. He may have grown - more hardened in wickedness since then, and may be capable of trying to poison him.' 'Mind, I do not say that he is in England,' said Lucius, ' only that he may he. Now, there is one thing very clear to me, namely, that whoever put the arsenic in that medicine must have entered your master's room by the secret ? staircase. Mr. Sive wright's door was kept locked at night, and his room was carefully watched- by day — especially during' the two or three dayB immediately before my discovery of the poison. Now, you pretend to be ignorant of the existence of that staircase until I showed it to you.' 'I have told you nothing but the truth, sir.'* ' But if you, who. had lived in that house for several years, knew nothing about it, how should a stranger, coming into the house by stealth, discover it ? ' -« I cannot tell you, sir,' answered the old man helplessly. ' Does youx master know of that staircase, do you think r ' ' He may, sir, though he never mentioned it to me. He is a close gentleman at all times. He chose the room he now sleeps in for his bedroom when we'first came to the house. He would have ho painting, or i whitewashing, or repairs of any kind done-— saying that the place was good enough for him^and he didn't want to waste money upon it. My wife cleaned up the rooms as well as she could, and that was all that waB done. There were no 'workmen spying about to find out secret staircases or anything else.' ' From whom did your master take the house ? ' aBked Lucius. ' From an agent, Mr. Agar, in the Shadrack Road.' ' To whom does it belong ? ' ? \-- I've never heard, sir ; but I believe it's the pro perty of somebody that' lives abroad. Mr. Agar .always collected the rent half-yearly.' «« Then, no doubt, Mr. Agar knows all about that staircase,' ' said Lucius ; *' I'll go to him at once.' ' Heaven grant you may be able to come at the truth, sir ; though I can't see how that staircase can help you.' 'I don't know about that, Mr. Wincher,' returned Lucius ; and, with a hasty ' Good-morning,' he de parted. CHAPTER XVm. Me. Agak's Colonial Client. . Lucius went straight to Mr. Agar's office—a little wedge-shaped box of a place squeezed corner-wise off a larger shop, for space .was precious in the Shadrack Road. In this small temple of industry, Mr. Agar professed himself ready to value property, survey estateB, sell by auction, let lands, houses, ojr apart ments, collect rents, and even at a push to undertake the conduct of gentefil funerals. ? Here Lucius found him— a busy little man. with a bald head, and an ear that had been pushed into high relief by having a pen continually stuck behind it. ' Pray, what can I do for , you, sir ?' he asked, with his fingers in his order-bppk, readyto. write an order to view any species of property within, a ten-mile radius of the Shadrack Road. ... _ . ,. V.J want to flflk you a few questions about ft house in which I am interested.'; . ,s . ; V As.&n; intending,, ten&nt;, sir, , or pucna^er ? in quired Mr. Agar, turning round upon bib high stool, ' and nursing his leg,in'an attitude which wiafe ait once easy and inviting to confidence. * .' Certainly not as tenant, for the house is let.** ' An a purchaser, then ? ' exclaimed Mr.' Agar, stimulated by the.'vision of five per cent. ' Have wb '—a very grand we—' advertised the property r ' , ' No, Mr. Agar ; nor bave I any reasoi»-to suppose that it is for sale.' ' But. you tMnk that we might negotiate some thing—make a speculative offer-p-eh i ' inquired tbe agent .briskly. _ ' My dear sir, in any delicate little matter of that kind, you may rely, upon my discretion —and I think ,1 may venture to . say, upon my diplo matic powers.' 'I want you to answer two or three plain question*, Mr. Agar — that is all. , Some years ago you let Cedar House to my friend and patient, Mr. Sivewright.' ' Cedar House— dear me, that is really curious ; not an attractive property, one would think — no front age to speak of— house out' of repair, and yet — ' ' And yet what, Mr. Agar ? ' t' Let me answer your inquiries first, sir.' ' In the first place, then, to whom does the house belong?' ' To two old maiden ladies, who reside in I'ari*. Their grandfather was a great man in the City — a . brassfounder, I believe — and lived at Cedar House in very grand style, but not within the memory of any body now living. The house has degenerated since Ms day, but it is still a valuable property. As a public institution, now, it would offer great advan tages, or might be made the nucleus of a large fortune to a medical practitioner in the shape of a private (lunatic asylum,' added the agent, with a sharp glance at Lucius. ' Mr. Agar, I am bound to inform you that I am not on the look-out for a house for the purpose you suggest. But I am very curious to know all about Cedar House. When you let it to Mr. Sivewright were you aware of a secret staircase, which ascends from an outbuilding &t; the back to the first floor ? ' ' And to the attic floor,' said agent. ' What, does it go higher than the first floor i ' ' It ascends to one of the rooms on the upper story, sir. A fact you might have discovered for yourself if you had taken the trouble to examine the staircase thoroughly ; but it's an abominably crooked and dangerous place, and I don't wonder you left some portion of it unexplored.' ' To which of the upper roomB does it ascend r ' aBked Lucius eagerly. ' To the north-east attic. There is a door at the back of the closet in that room — you'd hardly dis tinguish it from the rest of the panelling — communi- cating with that staircase.' ' Did Mr. Sivewright know of the staircase when you let the house to him ? ' Mr. Agar was silent for a few moments, and rubbed his bald head meditatively. ' Well, no. I doubt if he heard of it ; that is to say, I don't remember mentioning it. You see to the candid mind,' continued the agent, taking a Mgh moral tone, ' there's something peculiarly repellant in secrecy ; even a secret staircase is not a pleasant idea. And the house had acquired a queer reputation in the neighbourhood. Noises had been , heard — strange cats, no doubt — idle people even pretended to having seen things ; in short, the ignorant populace described the house as haunted. Idle boys chalked ' Beware of the ghost ' on the garden* wall ; and when a tenant came forward at last in the person of Mr. Sivewright — a somewhat eccentric old gentleman, as ' you are no doubt aware, but most upright and honourable in his dealings- 1 was glad to let him the . old place at a ridiculously low rent.' ' And you did not show him the staircase f ' ' No, I certainly didn't show it to him.' ' Nor tell him anytMng about it ? ' , ' I cannot recall having mentioned it.' ' Then I think we may take it for granted that he knows nothing about it. By the way, how does the communication work with tbe room on the first floor — it's a sliding panel, I suppose ? ' ' Yes ; there's a bit of moulding on one of the panels that looks rather loose ; press that inwards, and the panel slides behind the ether part of the wainscot. I don't supposeit works very easily, for it must be a long time since it was used.' ' Do you know for what purpose this staircase was originally built?' ' No, sir ; that end of the house belongs, I believe, to Henry the Eighth's time. That staircase is built in what was once a great square chimney — the chim ney of the old banqueting-hall, in fact ; for there was I a banqueting-hall in Cedar House in Henry the Eighth's time,- though there is nothing left of it now ; that end is clean gone, except the said chimney.' I got an architect to look over the place once for the Miss Chadwicks, my clients; with a view to repara tion ; but the reparations mounted up bo, that when the elder MisB Chadwick got the specification she wrote and told me she and her sister would sooner have the place pulled down at once, and sold for building materials, than lay out such a lot of money ; for they are rather close, are the Miss Chadwicks. The arcMtect didn't seem to think that old cMmney over safe either, on account of their having pulled down the hall, and took away its supports, in a mea sure. ' But it'll last our time, I daresay,' says he ; ' and if it falls its bound to fall outwards, where it can't hurt anybody.' For, as I daresay you are aware, there's only a bit of waste ground — a cat-w-ilk, as you may say — on that side of the house.' ' Rather a hazardous condition though for a house to be left in,' eaid Lucius, thinking tluit this would give him a new incentive to find a better home for Lucille speedily. P' Then you don't know why that fetaircase was built, nor who built it ? ' ' WeH, no, Bir ; I can't say I do. I've often wondered about it. You see the staircase may not have been a secret one in the first instance, but may have been converted to a means of escape in the troublesome times that came later. There is no allusion to it in any of the deeds belonging to the house.' ' You spoke just now of my inquiry being curious,' said Lucius after a pause ; ' why was that ? ' ' I thought it rather strange that you should make an inquiry about Cedar House, because some six weeks ago I had another gentleman here who made die same inquiry.' ' About uie staircase ?' ' No, he didn't inquire about the Btaircase. I told him about that afterwards, in the course of conversa tion, and he seemed struck by the fact. We had a good bit of talk together, first and last, for he was a very free and open kind of a gentleman, and had just come from Australia or America, I really forget ' wMch, and he insisted on standing a bottle of cham pagne — a thing I shouldn't have cared to partake of in the middle of the day, if he hadn't been so press ing.' 'What kind of a man was he ?' asked Lucius, burning with impatience. 'Well, a good-looking fellow enough, but rather 'peculiar-looking with it. Tall and tMn, with a sallow complexion, and the blackeBt eyes and hair I 'ever saw in a European. The hair grew in a little pesk on Ms forehea!d, such as I've heard some face tious folks call a widower's peak. It wte Tathter ^noticeable.' , , ' The iiaan ! ' muttered Lucius. ^'^duicnojr'ttie : v- 3 j'-. ; ? \\-- .J ' Yes, I think he is a person I know. A_hd pray - ' , what inquiries did he make about the house? ' 'More than I can remember,' answered'thfi agent; there never was such a gentleman for asking ' ques tions, and so business-like too. He made me take a. ihtet of paper and sketch him out a plan of 'the? house in pencil — how all the rooms lay, and the : passages and stairs, and so on; That's how -we . came to speak of the private Btaircase. He seemed* quite taken aback by the notion. It might be handy; he eaid, and work into- something that he ' wanted.' ' M What motive did he state for -these inquiries ? ' ??They were made with a view of making an offer ? for the property, which I had reason to think my clients, the Miss Chadwicks, would be not unwilling-1 to part with. The gentleman is trying to get a patent' for an inventi6n of his, which will make his fortune when carried out,' he says, and he wants good roomy premises within an easy distance of the dbeks. A. ? thorough man of business, I can assure you, though only just returned from abroad,' added Mr. Agar, as if England were the only country in which business was properly understood. '* Has this gentleman made any attempt to forward the transaction r ' asked Lucius. ' Have you ever seen him since the day when he treated you to cham pagne?' *' Treated is hardly the word, sir ! ' said Mr! Agar with dignity. ' The gentleman stood a bottle of Peerer Jewitt. It was as much for his pleasure as for - mine.' ' I have no doubt of that, Mr. Agar. But have you | seen any more of this agreeable gentleman ?' 'No,' sir, he hasn't been in here since. I fancy there's some difficulty about the patent. It isn't easy to hurry things where you've got to deal -With* Government offices. But I expect to hear from him before very long. He was quite the gentle man.' ' I doubt if you will ever see him again, Mr. Agar, gentleman or not ; if he be the man I take him. lor.' ' Indeed, sir. Do you know anything to the gen tleman's disadvantage ? ' ? ' Only that he is a most consummate villain.' ' Good gracious me, sir. That's a sweeping charge.' ' It is, Mr. Agar ; and I am unable just now to substantiate it. I can only thank you for the infor mation you have kindly given me, and wish you good morning.' He left the little office, glad to be in the open air again to have room to breathe, and to be able to con template this new aspect of affairs alone. ' He is here then, and henceforward it must be a hand-to-hand fight between us two.' CHAPTER XI5C. Lucille's Confession. One of Lucius Davoren's first thoughts, after that interview with the house-agent, was of Ms' sister Janet and Geoffrey flossack. The discovery, which lifted a load from Ms conscience, changed the aspect of Geoffrey's fortunes. The man who had married Janet still lived, and whether the marriage were, legal or not — a fact difficult of ascertainment in . a life so. full of double-dealing — Janet would doubtless count herself bound to him. She had told Lucius* when they met at Stillmington, that she did so consider her self ; and he knew that calm proud nature too well not to know that she would be firm, whatever sorrow to. herself were involved in such constancy. Lucius lost no time in writing to Geoffrey, at the . Cosmopolitan, the only safe address for that nonfM^Uc gentleman. He knew that the people at the Cosmo politan were generally, acquainted with Mr. Hop sack's whereabouts, and had instructions to .forward, his letters. ? . , , , r.. - Lucius wrote briefly thus : — ?. ' Dear Geoffrey,— Tho last week has been'fuU pf discoveries. I have seen Absalom Schan&k;, itn^ learned from him that I am guiltless of that scoun drel's blood — a surprise which has infinitely relleYed my mind, but which has also given me new, cjmse foi; uneasiness. To you, poor old Geoff, I fear it vnjlbe a disappointment to learn that Janet's husband &$till in the land of the living ; but I hope that thip knpw ledge may have a beneficial effect, and help tp cure you of a foolish passion, wMch I told you from the first was hopeless. Would to heaven, for your sak& and Janet's, that it were otherwise ! But Fate is stronger than man. And, after all, there are plenty of charming women in the world who would be proud: to call Geoffrey Ho6sack husband. , ' ... 'I try to write lightly, but I am full of anxiety. TMs man's existence means peril tor those I loro, [ and I know not what shape tne danger may assume. Let me hear of you soon.— Ever yours, ' Lucius Davoehn.' Ferdinand Sivewright's existence meant peril for his old father and for the innocent girl who Relieved herself to be his daughter. Of that fact Lucius had no doubt, and the one question was how to meet the danger. That the old house was now securely de fended, he felt tolerably sure — as sure as one could be about a rambling old place which was all doors and windows, and for aught he knew might still be approachable by some Mdden way that had escaped his ken. The great point now would be to prove to Lucille that this man had no claim upon her ; that.no ! tie bound her to him, not even the duty of common gratitude for any kindness shown to her in her child hood,, since he had. made her existence an excuse for extorting money from her father. He, Lucius, must show her that the fancy which her girlish heart had cherished — the fond belief in this father's ? lpv&-^ was more baseless than the dreams of fever, wilder than the fancies of madness. How would he prove thiB to her r He might show her those letters^ But would the evidence of the letters be strong, enough to dispel so deep-rooted a belief, so long-cher rished a fancy ? . -? No, Lucius told himself. Hie letters, which toldi their story plainly enough for him, might fail to cos. vince Lucille. ? , ' I muBt have some stronger proof than the letters,' he thought. How to obtain that proof, how to begin the search * that was to end in the discovery of Lucille's parentage, was the question which now absorbed- all his thoughts. He had made up his mind to seek ho assistance in this difficult task, Whatever blunders he might make, however awkwardly he might transact a business so foreign to the bent offcis-life, he would do this work for and succeed or fail, unaided. . ' ' If there is a stain upon her birth, no one butl shall discover it,' he said to himnplf. . ' , Homer .Sivewright had read those letters as relating to a secret marriage, yet their wording might be taken to indicated less honourable relation between the gentleman who signed 'himself H. G* and the lady who called herself Madame Dumarqufee'. Throughout thie letters there was :\\-ut one bb&itiVe; clue to the identification of the writeis. ' fQ&t4ay; 'In. ?the address given by the lady at RoufenV1 S^e' was staying ia that city with friends1— rel^isns 'perhaps. It was just possible that Lucius tnight be B& fortunate as to find some of these people &^; raideht ' InPthe same city. The date of the letterafwfc,,bnly fotirteen ' years ago, and in some 'SlbW; tranbmT liVfes 'fdtatefen years make but. little difference.-':;The hail- Jgro#^ a shade greyer ; the faVotrntfe' o!fl; dog ; or tWe^ttuiXUftr iipusebold C»t die*, *-^er aad \- a- -JU A v. vl 'iv / lege cherished animal ; the ancient asthmatic can try iaJbuiid dead .in his . cagc ; the old Sunday silk . gown, v^bich has been worn with honour for a decade, if pcnverted into a petticoat ; the old husband - t&kgs; to «^it£ngf r spectacles, and shortens hits constitutional ?walk Pj' the length of a couple of streets; ttye *ij&,wi|e dies perhaps, and is buried and feebly j mourned for a little while ; and with suehj faint j Tipjplfg of changethe kIow dull river glides on to the ( etcrnnl ocean. _ LuciuB was hopeful that, in a quiet by-street in the j city.of Rouen, he might find things very mu«h j as they had been fourteen years ago. He made up* j hi$ jnind to start for that city on the following night. ? A train leaving London Bridge at dusk would take, j him to Newhaven; he would reach Dieppe by six o'clock next morning, and Rouen by breakfast time. ; Once thjere he knew not how long his researches j might detain him; but he could so arrange hist stairs, with the h-slp of a good- natured brother j medico in the Shadrack district, as to absent himself ; for a few days without inconvenience to hiB 'numerous ; patients. i That one dear patient whose safety was so near to j f hip heart was now out of danger. The fever waB | past, and the only symptom which now gave him cause for anxiety was a deep melancholy, as of -a mind overburdened with care, or troubled by the oppression of some painful event. * ?? Could I but dare to Bpeak openly I might dispel tovae of those apprehensions which now disturb her,' thought Lucius ; ' but I cannot venture to do that until she is better able to bear the shock of a great surprise; and until I am able to confirm my state ments.' Lucille was now well enough to come down to the old wainscoted parlour, where her lover had first seen her on that dark winter's night which, when looked back upon, seemed like the beginning of a new life. Mr. Sivewright still kept his room, but had improved considerably, and had relented towards Mrs. Milder son, whom he graciously allowed to minister to his wants, and would even permit to discourse to him occasionally of the domestic annals of those lady patients into whose family circles she was from time to rimft admitted. He would make no farther protest than an impatient sniff when the worthy nurse stood ?for ,a quarter of an hour, cup and saucer in hand, relating, with aggravating precision of date and ampli tude of detail, the little differences between Mr. Sinks the chandler and his good lady on the Bubject of washing- days, or the ' stand-further ' between. Mrs. Sinks and ' the girl.' Under the gentle sway of Mrs. Milderson, who was really an honest and sober specimen of her race, demanding only a moderate supply of those creature comforts which the Gamp tribe are apt to require, life had gone very smoothly at Cedar House. Mrs. Magsby took charge of -the lower part of the premises and her own baby (winch seemed to absorb the greater part of her attention), and was altogether a mild and harmless person. Mr. Magsby, as guardian of the houBe, did nothing particular but walk about with a somewhat drowsy air, and smoke his pipe in. open doorways, looking up at the sky, and enunciating speculative prophecies about the weather, which, as he sever went out of doors, could have been of very little consequence to him. 'ThuB administered, what citadel could seem more secure than Cedar House ? Lucius, after thinking of the subject from every possible point of view, decided thpt he could run no hazard in absenting himself for a fewdays. He went at the usual hour that afternoon, When his day's work was done. Lucille seemed a little brighter and happier than she had been of late, and -the -change cheered him. ?? My darling,' he said fondly, as he looked down at the pale face, which had lost something of its care worn expression, ' you have almost your old tranquil look — that calm sweet face which came upon tne like a surprise one dark November night, nearly a year ago, when yonder door opened, and you? came is, carrying a little tray. ' 1 *' How well you remember things, LuciuB ! Yes, I havebeen happier to-day. I have been sitting with grandpapa, and he really seems much better. Y ou do think hiim improved, don't you, Lucius ?' '-'v' I think lam on the high road to recovery. We may have him hale and Vigorous yet, Lucille — sitting by the hearth in our new home.' T' Our new home — yes,' said the girl, looking round herewith a perceptible shudder, ' I shall be glad to leave this dull old house some day! It is full of hor rible thoughts. But now that I am well again, I can take care of grandpapa.' *' Not quite well yet, Lucille ; you want care your- I self.' . , . ' :' J ' ? should think she do, indeed,' said Mrs. Mil derson, who came in with the tea-tray, having dis crtedy allowed-the lovers time for greeting ; 'and care she -shall have, and her beef-tea reglar, and no liberties took, which invaUdses' mistake is -always to think they're wfell fever so long before they are. There was Mrs. Binks.only the other day, down iti the shop serving the Saturday night, customers, which' is ne better than Injnri'American savages in the impatience of -their ways, before -that blessed baby was three weeks old.' ' ! ' ;'T think I can rely upon you to take care of both mv patients, nurse, while I am away fox a few dayB.' ^ .. i , ^ You are going away, Luciufe ? ' ' said Lucille 1 anxiously. ' ' Yes, dear; but for two or three days only. I I Ihipk I 'may venture to' leave you in Mw. Milderson* s ctfre for that time.' , ' I j should hope you could, sir,' exclaimed that ] matron, '' after having had two years' -experience of nife in all capacities — andeven the bid gentleman upstairs,1 which was inclined to be grumpy ant? stand offish at first, having $ook to me ps he haB.' I ahall be quite Bafe, LuciuB, but I shall miss you very much.' '1 ' It^aU J^only for a few days, dearest. Nothing but Important business would tem]5t menway from jjrpujeyen tor. tbat time.' ^^^jpbijtot.buirinere, Lucius .1 , What can that be ? ii itjahother visit to. -that tiresome friend of yours, ^Hr.'-HbBsack ??' ( -? r ? VUo, dear, itis.something which concerns 'our own ^teyfe^-Bomethirig which I hope may bring youuiiew liappiness. If: I succeed, in what I am going 'to ,a^^ipVyou sfcall know all about it, and quickly. If j t i ' -'What then, Lucius r ' she asked, as he hesi- \ : fated; Ji'L- , ! t Bgtter that you should never, know anything, no .dis^pdntoieiit'' i - W P) jpui iLucjale,, with, a little ilih of resignation. vt! suppose it |s' ^mething connected with your pro- j feBBio^ car-^ #ome a»i*iueu8 project which is to i . mrikt xne very /prbudof you if you succeed in it. Are .: p'Sanbru' ' , ' 't 'V^Soueh !' crietl Lucille ; 'Rouen in France?'; much astonishment as if -he had said the 7 Africa. '? .... ^Rpuen, in Franp^,* ' he answered gaily with ae&nmedgaiety; jfor |t pained . him even to leave her: M ^^Man take you toFrance?' _ j . i Simply that ambitious project you spake of just new^My deadest girl, you look as distressed as if I irere going to Ajjptialia, whenjny journey js only a ^aeEtiwi of three or four .days. I shall leave London to-morrow evening, and be in Rouen before noon next ' day. A. day, or' at most two days, will, X trust, accom* plish my busiiiess there. I shall travel at night both 'ways, sp as to Bave time; and on the fourth dayf j hope lb' be hick in this dear old parlour drinking tea j ?*Vt yon and nurse.' ? ' Of course ! ' exclaimed Mts; Milderson, as if she known all about it from 'die very beginning. 'Do you suppose Dr. Davoren would go wasting of preciouB time in France or anywheres else, with ^ i Pa^en^® fretting and worriting about him— Mid left to the mercy of a strange doctor, which don't know the ins and' outs of 'their caBeB, and the little peculiarities of their constituBhuns, no more than a baby i-5' ? tea 3drs. Milderson retired with the tray, and was absent for some time in attendance on Mr. Sive- i wright, who took his light repast of dry toast and tea | also at this hour. Thus Lucius and Lucille were j alone tpgether for a little while. They stood side by I Bide at the open window, which commanded no wider j jjroBpept than the bare courtyard or garden, where a i few weakly chrysanthemums languished in a lieg- .( lected bed, and two or three feeble sycamores invited t the dust, while one' ancient poplar, whose branches i had grown thin ahd ragged with age, straggled up towards the calm evening sky. A high wall bounded this barren domain and shut out the world beyond it. T ' nau8t go up to grandpapa presently,' said Lucille ; ' he likes us to sit with him for an hour or two in the evening now that he iB so much better.' ' Yes, dear, we will go ; but before we go I want to ask you about something that has often set me wondering, yet which in all our talk we have spoken of very little.' ' What is that, Lucius ? ' ' About your earliest memories of childhood, Lucille. The time before you lived in Bond-street with your grandfather.' To his surprise and distress she turned from him suddenly, and burst into tears. ' ' My darling, I did not mean to grieve you he exclaimed. ' Then never speak to me again 'of my childhood, Lucius,' she said with sorrowful earnestness, ' It is a subject I cui never speak of, never think bf, with out grief. Never again, if you wish me to be happy, mention the name of father. 'What?' said Lucius ; ' then that dream is )oveir?' ' It is,' answered Lucille, in a heartbroken voice, ! ' and the awakening has been most bitter.' ' Thank heaven that awakening has come, Lucille . — even at the coBt of pain to your true and tender heart,' replied her lover earnestly. 'My dearest, I iam not going to torture you with questions. The mystery of these last few weeks has been slowly growing clear to me. There has been a great peril hanging over us ; but I believe and hope that it iB past. Of your innocent share in bringing that danger beneath'this roof, I will say not a word.' *' What, you know, Lucius'? ' she said, with a per plexed look. 'I know, or can guess, all, Lucille. How your too faithful affection has been traded upon by a villain/' ' G, do not speak of him ! ' she cried. ' Remember, how 'ever dark his guilt may be, I once loved him — once, and O, so long, believed in him ; hoped that he was only unfortunate, and not wicked; clung to the thought that he was the victim of circum stances. Lucius, have some pity upon me. Since that night when you first spoke of your dreadful fear — first suggested that &ome; one was trying to poison my poor old grandfathier — I have lived in a horrible dream. Nothing has seemed clear to me. Life has -been all terror and confusion. Tell me once for all, is it true that some one tried to poison him — is it true?' 'Words failed her. She stopped, stifled by sobs. ' Lucille, do not speak of these things,' said Lucius, drawing the too fragile form to his breast, smoothing the loose hair on the pale forehead. ' Is it not enough to know that the danger is past ? That fatal blindnesB — the fatal delusion 'which made you cling to the memory of a bad man — has been dispelled. You will never admit Ferdinand -Sivewright to this house again.' . He looked at the pale face Testing on his. shoulder as he made this straight assertion. There was no indignant denial, not even surprise in the look of those plaintive eyes which were slowly lifted to meet his own— a beseeching look, as of one who asked for giveness for a great wrong. . ' I have been more than foolish,' she said, with a ] shudder, as if at some terrible memory, ' I have j been very wicked. If my grandfather had died, I should have been an unconscious accomplice in his murder. But he is my father ; and when he. came to me, after all these years of separation, shelterless, hopeless, only pleading for a refuge, and the oppor tunity to win his father's pardon— 0 Lucius, I can never tell you how he pleaded, by the memory of his old love for me— ' i ' His love for ; you ! I trust you may soon know, dearest, what that love was worth.' , . . : , \- ' Heaven grant I may never see his face or hear his name again, Lucius. -.The memory ol him is all horror;' ' You shall not be troubled by .him, any more if I can help it,' answered her lover, tenderly. ' But you will never again keep a secret; from me, will you, Nearest?'.., , . , Njever, Lucius. I,have suffeipd ,too much from this one sin against -your . love. Bat if you knew how he pleaded, you would forgive me. 4 You would not even .^rpnder that I.was $p ;weajL . Think, Lucius, a repentant son pleading .for , admission to, his \ lather's house, without, a, rpof^'to cover him, anil longing for a reconciliation witk the faiher he had | offended.' ?' \ . . .. t ? ^ i 'My poor confiding child, you were' made the j dupe of a villain. : .Tell me no more th^n you like to 1 tell; but if i£ is anyrelief to ybu ^B^eak—'.' j ' It is, Lucius. Yes,„it is. a,,kdi^ to , lipst; you. I thought I never, could have ;tol4' jrou... The . burden ! of this dreadful secret has Weighed down my heart, j I dared not tell you. I thought you would bitterly f reproach me for having kept such a .secret from you, j and then It is such pain to speak t pf him — now— now j that! know he was never worthy of my love. But you are so 'kind, and it will reli^yie my mind to tell I you all.' . '. ? ' ( ' Speak freely Aen, darling, and fear no reproaches t from me.' . i 'It, was while jou were. away at' Stillmington, ! Lucius, that this seeret began. I was in the j garden, alone, at dusk one evening.' r ! Lucius remembiered what Mrs. Wincher had told i: him about Lucille coming in irpm the . garden ysith a \ pale herror-Btrickeri facie, and saying that she had i I seen a ghost. .. . . * ?. ? » ' I was low-spirited because of ydur absence, and a i little nervous. The plaoe seemed so duU alid lonely. All the common sounds of the day were over, and' there .was something oppressive in the silfence, and the ? hot anioky atmosphere, and the dim grey sky. I was j standing in the old 'summer- house looking at the! creek, and thinking of . you, and Uy.ing- to have happy thoughts aboutbrighter days to come — ouly'the happy , thoughts would not stay vrith-me-^-whett I saw a man ety&e; bom % on the other side 9f fhe Wfrter, land step lightly from barge £- barge. I was fright ened, for tbe man had a strange look somehow, and Was oddly dressed, buttoned 'to theIneck'in a shabby greatcoat, £nd witii his face overshadowed by a felt Eat that was slouched over 'his forehead. He came eo quickly that I had hardly time Jo think before he had got upon the' low garden wall, and dropped down close to the1 summer- house. 'I think I gave a little Scream just thei for he came in, and putj his Jiand across my lips. T?ot roughly, bat so as to preveqt my bailing out. * Lucille,' he eaid, * don't you knoir Ce ? I so Changed that my dear little daughter, ho loved me so once, doesn't know me?* The voice was like the memory df a dream. I had not an instant's doubt. All fear vanished in that great joy. The sad sweet thought' of the past came back to me. The firelit parlour where I had sat at his feet— that strange wild music — his voice — his face — he had taken off his hat now, and was looking down 'at me with those dark bright eyes. I remembered him as well as if we had been only parted a few days.' ' And was there nothing in his presence — in the tone of hiB voice, the expression of his face — from which your better instinct recoiled ? Had nature no warning for yoa ? Did you hot feel that there was something of the serpent's charm in the influence which this man had exercised Over you ? ' ? Lucille was silent for a few momonts, looking : thoughtfully downwards, as if questioning her own memory. *' I can scarcely tell you what I felt in that moment,' she said. ' Joy was uppermost in my mind. How could I feel otherwise than happy in the return of the father I had mourned as dead ? Then came pity for him. His worn haggard face — his thread bare clotheB — spoke of trouble and hardship. He told me very briefly Ihe story of a life that had been one long failure, and ho^c he found himself at this hour newly returned from America, and cast penr.iless and shelterless upon the stones of the London streets. ' If you can't give me a hole to lie in somewhere in this big house, I must go out and try to get lodged in the workhouse, or steal a loaf and get rather better fare in a gaol.' That waB what he said, Lucius. He told me what difficulties he had encountered in his search after me. * My heart yearned for you, Lucille,' he said ; ' it was the thought of you and of the poor old father that brought me bask fironi America.' ' s ' And no instinct warned you that this man was lying J ' - ' O no, no ; I had no such thought as that,' ans wered Lucille, quickly. '-Yet I confess,' she went on more deliberately, ' there waB a vague feeling of disappointment in my mind. This long-lost father, so unexpectedly restored to me, did not seem quite all | that I had dreamed him ; there was something want ing to make my joy perfect — there was a doubt or a fear in my mind which took no definite shape. I only felt that my father's return did not make me so happy as it oughtto have done.' ' Did he see this, do you think r ' ' I don't know. But when I hesitated about ad mitting him to the house — unknown to my grand father — he reproached me for my want of natural affec tion. 'The world is alike all over,' he said ; * and : even a daughter haB no welcome for a pauper ; though he coines three thousand miles to look at the girl who used to sit on hiB knee and put her soft little arms i round his neck, and vow -she loved him better than ' any one else in the world.' I told him how cruel this ac cusation was, and howl hadremembered him and loved him all through these long years, and how the dearest wifih of my heart had been for such a meeting as this. But I said that I did not like to keep his return a secret from his father, and I foegged him to let me . take him straight to my grandfather, and to trust to a father's natural affection for forgiveness of all that had , severed them in the past. My father greeted, this sug : gestion with scornful laughter. ' Natural affection ! ' ?' he exclaimed. . 'Did he show mbch natural affection when he turned me out of doors ? Did he show natu ral affection to my mother when hi6 cruelty drove her ' out of the house ? Has he ever spoken of me with natural affection during the last ten years ? Answer me that, Lucille ! ' What answer could I give him, Lucius ? You know how my grandfather ha6 always spoken of his only son.' ' Yes, dear ; and I know what your grandfather's ' affection concealed from you — the shameful cause of severance between father and son.' 'I could give him no hopeful answer. * I see,' he said, ' there has been no Telenting. Homer Sivewright is made of iron. Come, child, all I want iB a shelter. Am I to have it here or in the workhouse, pr, in fault of that, the gaol ? If I sleep in the street another night 1 shall be in for a rheumatic fevgr. I've had all man ner of aches and pains in my bones for some days past.' 'You shall not sleep in the streets,' I said, ? while I have power to give you shelter.' I thought of all thoBe empty rooms on the top floor. I had the key of the staircase always in my own charge, and thought it would be easy enough to keep any one up there for weeks, and months even, without my grand father or the Winchers ever knowing anything about it. Or if the worst came to the worst, I thpught I might venture to trust the Winchers with the secret. ^Have you made up your mind ? ' ask/ed my father, impatiently. . ' YeB, papa/ I said — and the old name came back so naturally — ' I have made up . my, mind I told him he must wait a little, till Mr. and Mrs. Wigcher were safely but of the way, and then I would take him into the house, unless he would make up his mind to trust the Winchers with his secret. ' I will trust not a living creature but yourself,' he 6aid; ' and if you tell any one a word about me, I shall have done with you for ever. I come back to my father's house an .outcast and a reprobate. Fathers don't kill their fatted calves nowadays for prodigal sons.' I want no one's help, I want no one's pity but yours, Lucille, for, I believe you are the only creature in the world yvbo loves me.' This touched me to the heart. What could I refuse him after that ? I told him to wait in the summer-house till all was safe, and that I would come for him as soon as I pould venture to do so. I went in apd went straight upstairs to the atticB, where I dragged that old bedstpad into.the most comfortable room, and carried up blankets' from downstairs. I lighted a. fire, for the room felt damp, and made all as decent as I could. By the time I had done this the Winchers had gone to bed, and I unbolted the door of the brewery as quietly as I could — but it is a long way from the room where they used to sleep, a6 you know, so there -was very little fear of their hearing me — and went to the 'summer-house to fetch my father. We crept slowly past the Winchers* room and np the stairs, for I was afraid of grandpapa's quick ear, even at that hour. When I showed my father the rooml had chosen for him, he objected to it, and asked to Bee the other rooms on this floor, which I had told him were entirely unoccupied. He selected the room at the north end of the house.' 'Of course,' thought Lucius, *' he had' been in formed about tiie secret staircase ! ' ' I told him that . this room was exactly over my grandfather's, and that he couldn't make a worse choice if he didn't want to be heqxd. * I'll take care,' he said ; 4 1 can walk as softly as a cat when I like. The other rooms are all damp.' Hecarriedthe bedstead and an old table and chair into this room, lit a fire, taking great care to make no noise, and made himself tolerably comfortable, while I went down stairs to get what provisions I could out of our scantily-furnished larder.- After this he came and went as he liked ; ftQBietimes he would sleep away whole days ; some times he would be absent three or four days at a time. I had to let him out at night or let him in, iust as he pleased ; sometimes I sat up all night waiting for him. When he was away I had to keep a candle burning in one ofthe back windows on the top floor, to show that all was safe if he wanted to return. I cannot tell vou the anxiety I suffered all through this time. The power of sleep seemed to leave me alto gether. Even when I did not expect my father s return, I was always listening for his 6ignal— a handful of gravel thrown up against the window of my room. I knew that I was doing wrong, and yet could not feel sorry that I had granted his request. It seemed suca a small thing to give my father an empty garret in this great desolate house. So things went on till the day when you and I were in the loft together ; and Tphen you saw the door of my father s room, opened and shut. You can guess what I suffered then^ Lucius.' * ' Poor child, poor child ! ' he murmured, tenderly. ' And then came the day when you — No, I can t speak of it anymore, Lucius. All that followed that time is too dreadful. I woke up to the knowledge that my father had tried to — murder.' The words came slowly, stifled with sobs, and once more Lucille broke down altogether. ?* Not another word, darling,' cried her lover. 'You have no reason to reproach yourself. When vou admitted Ferdinand Sivewright to this house you only obeyed the natural impulse of a woman's tender heart. Had the most fetal result followed that man's baneful presence no blame could have_ attached to you ; and now, dearest, listen to me. Brief as my absence will be, I don't mean to leave you here wnile I am away. You have had enough of this house for the present. This faithful heart has been too much tried- — this active brain too severely tasked. As your medical adviser, I order change of air and scene. As your future husband, I insist upon being obeyed.' » ' Leave pour grandpapa ? Impossible, Lucius.' Poor grandpapa shall be reconciled to your depar ture. He is going on very well, and is ? in excellent hands. Nurse Milderson is as true as steel. Besides,, you are not going to be absent long, Lucille. _ I shall take you away to-morrow morning, and bring you back again, God willing, a week hence.' ' Take me away ! Where, Lucius ? ' ' To my sister Janet.' He had spoken of this sister to his betrothed of late rarely, but with a quiet affection which Lucille knew to be deep. The pale face fluB*hed with a bright happy look at this suggestion. I am to go to see your sister, Lucius ! ' she cried. ' I should like that of all things.' ' I thought so, darling. Janet is staying in a little rustic village in my part of the country. I had a letter from her a week ago, telling me of her change of resi [ dence. She is with an old woman who was our nurse when we were little ones ; so if you want to hear what an ill-conditioned refractory imp Master Lucius Davoren was in an early stage of his existence, you may receive the information from the fountain head.' Lucille smiled through the tears that were hardly dry yet. Everything relating to lovers is interesting — to themselves. ' I daresay you were a very good boy, Lucius,' she said, ' and that your old nurse will do nothingbut praise you. I shall be so pleased to Bee your Bister, and the place where you were born— if grandpapa will only let I 'me go.' ' I'll get his permission, dearest. Be assured of' that.' ' And do you think your sister will like me — a little r I know I shall love her.' ' The love will be mutual, depend upon it, darling. And now I think I'd better go upstairs to Mr. Sive wright and talk to him about your holiday.' ' My holiday ! ' cried Lucille. ' How strange thafc sounds ! I have not spent a day away from this house since I came home from school three years ago. ' No wonder such imprisonment has paled my fair young blossom,' said her lover, tenderly. ' Hamp shire breezes will bring back the roses, to my darling's cheeks.' He left her to propose this somewhat daring scheme to Mr. Sivewright, over whom he felt he had acquired some slight influence. In all his talk with Lucille to-night— which had taken a turn he had in no man ner anticipated — he had not asked those questions ; he meant to ask about her life before the Bond-street period. It did not very much matter, he thought. Those questions could stand over till to-morrow. But before he started for Rouen he wanted to fortify his case with all the information Lucille's memory could afford him. 'And the recollections of earliest childhood are sometimes very clear,' he'said to himself, as he went up. the dark staircase to his interview with Homer Sivewright. The, old man granted his request more readily than he had expected. Lucille's illness had served as a rousing shock for the selfishness of age. , He had* awakened suddenly to the reflection that this gentle girl, who had ministered to him with such patience and tenderness,, and had received such small requital for her love, was very necessary to his comfort, and. that even his dim grey life would be darkened were relentless Death to snatch her away, leaving him to end his journey alone. He had hitherto thought of ' her as young and strong, and in a manner warranted to live and thrive even under the least favourable cir cumstances. His eyes were opened now. The change which illness had wrought in her had impressed him painfully. For once in his life he felt the sharp sting of self-reproach. 'Yes, let her' go by all means,' he said, when. Lucius had told him his plan. ' I daresay your sis ter is a very nice person, and of course Lucille ought; to make the acquaintance of your relations. She has need/ of friends, poor child, for it would be difficult to- find any one more alone in the world than she is. Yes,, let her go. , But you'll not keep her away long, eh, Davoren ? I shall miss her sorely. I never knew that her absence could make much difference in my life, seeing how little sympathy there iB between us, until the other day when sne was ill.' ' She shall . not be away .from you more than a week,' answered Lucius. ' She was strongly op* posed to the idea of leaving you at all, and only yielded-, to my insifitance.' He then proceeded to inform Mr. Sivewright of his . intended journey to Rouen. The old man seemed more than doubtful of success; but did not endeavour to throw cold water on ihe scheme. ' It's a tangled skein,' he said ; ' if you can straighten it you'll do a clever thing. I should cer tainly like to luiow the history of that child's birth ; yet it will cost me a pang if I find there is no blood of mine in her veins.' Thus they parted, Homer Sivewright perfectly re conciled to the idea of being left to the care of Mrs. Milderson and the Magsbys. Lucius felt that justice demanded Mr. and Mrs. Wincher should be speedily reinstated, and all stain removed from their escutcheon. Yet, ere he could do this, he must tell Mr. Sivewright the true etorp of the robbery, and of his son's exist ence ; a sttory which would be difficult for Lucius to . tell, and which might occasion more agitation than the old' man, in his present condition, might be able to tear. «? Let time and care complete his cure,' thought Lucius, ' end then I will tell him all.' He arranged the hour of starting -with Lucille, after due consultation of the South-western time-table, ?which Mrs. Magsby fetched for him from the nearest stationer's. There was a train for Waterloo at a quar ter-past 9. «« I shall come for you in a cab at a quarter-past 8,' said Lucius decisively. ' Bless your dear hearts ! ' exclaimed Mrs. Milder son, in a burst of enthusiasm. ' It seems for all the world as if you was a planning of your honeymoon ; and I do think as how a fortnight in a quiet place in the country, where you can get your new potatoes and summer cabbages fresh out of the garden, and & new laid egg and a drop of rich cream for your breakfaates, is better than all your rubbishing « To Paris and back for five pounds,' which Mrs. Binks went when she and Bisks was married, and was that ill with the cookery at the cheap .restorers — everything fried in ile, and pea-soup that etodgy you could cut it with a knife, and cold sparrowgrasB with ile and vinegar — and the smells of them drains, as if everybody in the place had been emptying cabbage- water, as her life was a burding to'her.' ' We're not quite ready for our honeymoon, yet, nurse,' answered Lucius ; ' but depend upon it, when that happy time does come, we won't patronise Taris and the cheap restaurants. We'll find some tranquil corner in this busy world, almost as remote from the foot of man as the mountains of the moon.' . Mrs. Milderson charged herself with the responsi bility of packing Lucille's portmanteau that night, though the girl declared herself quite equal to the task. ' I won't have you worritin' andstoopin' over boxes and pulling out drawers,' said the nurse ; 'every- thing shall be ready to the moment ; and if I forget so much as a hairpin, you may say the unkindest things you can when you come back.' Having settled everything entirely to his own satis faction, Lucius departed, after a tender farewell whicn was to last only till to-morrow. He looked forward to this first journey with his betrothed with an almost childish delight. Only two ;or three hours' swift transit through1 green fields, and past narrow patches ol woodland, chalky hills, rustic villages, nameless streams winding between willow-shaded banks, white hSgh-road6 leading heaven knows where : but, with Lucille, Buch a journey would be two or three hoars in paradise. And then what a joy to bring those two together— those two women whom alone, of all earth's womankind, he fondly loved ! The clocks were striking 10 as he left Cedar House; after impressing upon Lucille the necessity for a long sight's rest. His homeward way would take him very near that humble alley in which Mr. and Mrs. Wincher had found a shelter for their troubles. He remembered this, and resolved to pay them a visit to night, late as it was, it order to tell Mr. Wincher that he stood acquitted of any wrong against his master. ?' I was quick enough to suspect and to accuse them,' thought Lucius ; ' let me be as quick to ac knowledge my error.' Crown-and- An ehor- cour t was still astir when Lucius entered its modeBt shades. It was the hour of supper beer, and small girls in pinafores, who, from a * sanitary point of view, ought to have been in bed hours before, were trotting to and fro with large 'crockery ware jugs, various in colour and design, but bearing a family likeness in dilapidation, not one being intact as to spout and handle. There were further in dications of the evening meal in an appetising odour of fried onions, a floating aroma of bloaters, faint breathings of stewed tripe, and even whispers of pork chops. The day may have gone ill with, the Crown and- Anchorites, and dinners may have run short, but the heads of the household made it up at night with some toothsome dish when the children— except always the useful errand-going eldest daughter — were snug in bed, and there were fewer mouths to be filled With the choice morsel. A light twinkled in Mr. Wincher's parlour, but he and hie good lady had sought no consolation from creature-comforts. A fragment of hardest Dutch cheeBe and the heel of a stale half-quartern alone adoriied their melancholy board. Mrs. Wincher eat with her elbows on the table, in a contemplative mood ; Mr. Wincher came to the door chumping his dry fare industriously. ' My good people,' said Lucius, coming straight tb the point, ' I have come to beg your forgiveness for a great wrong. .1 have only this night discovered the actual truth.' ?'You have found the property, sir?' cried Mr. Wincher, trembling a little from very joy, and making a sudden bolt of his unsavory mouthful. Mrs. Wincher gave a shrill scream, followed by a shriller laugh, indicative of that most troublesome of feminine ailments, hysteria. Lucius knew the symp toms but too well. . His lady patients in the Shadrack. Road were, as a rule, hysterical. They ' went off,' as they ealled it, on the smallest provocation. Their joys and sorrows expressed themselves in hysteria ; their quarrels ended in hysteria ; they were hysterical at ; weddings, christenings, and funerals; and they prided themselves on the weakness. After having tried all remedies suggested by the highest authorities upon this particular form of disease,- Lucius had found that the most efficacious treatment . was one ignored by the faculty. This simple mode ot cure was to take no notice of the patient. He took no notice of Mrs. Wincher's pre monitory symptoms ; and instead of ' going off,' that lady ' came to.' f *? ' ' No, Mr. Wincher,' he stud, in answer to the old man's eager question, ' the property has not been recovered— never' will be, I should think; but I am tolerably satisfied as to the thief, and I know you are 'not the man.' ? ^Thank God, sir — thank God ! ' cried Mr. Wincher . devoutly. ' I am very thankful. I couldn't have died eaBy while you and my old master thought me a thief . and a liar.' The tears rolled down Mr. Wincher's wrinkled cheek. He dropped feebly into his chair, and wiped those joytul tears with a corner of the threadbare tablecloth. ? *' I -wouldn't be so wanting to my own self in pirqper pride, Wincher,' said his wife, who was not disposed tb forgive Lucius at a moment's warning. Had uhe not liked and praised him, and smiled benig nantly on his wooing, and had he not turned upon her' like a scorpion ? ' We had the conscientious ness, of qurown innocence to support us, and with 'that I could have gone to Newgate without blinching. It'-s all very well to come here, Dr. Davory, and ...demean yourself 'by as tin' our pardiugs; but you : can't make *p to us for , the suffering we've gone through along of your unjust suspicions,' added Mrs. Wincher, somewhat inoonsistently. iucius expressed his regret with supreme humility. **'TBf ever I am a rich man,' he said, ' I will try to atone for my mistake in some more substantial manner. In the mean time, you must accept this trifle as a proof . of my sincerity.' He pressed a five-pound note upon Mr. Wincher — a rpoor solatium for the wrong done, but a luge sum for. 1he parish doctor to give away on the eve of an under taking which was likely to be expensive. ' No, sir — not a farthing,' said Mr. Wincher reso lutely. ' You offered me money before, and it was kindly done, for you thought me a scoundrel, and you didn't want even a scoundrel to starve. I appreciate the kindness of your offer to-night, but I won't take a farthing. We shall rub en somehow, I make no doubt, though the world- does seem, a little over crowded. You've acknowledged the wrong you did me, Mr. Davoren, and that's more than enough.' Lucius pressed the money upon him, but in vain. ' Do you find life so prosperous, and work so plentiful, that ^ou refuse a friendly offer ? ' he asked at last. ' Well, not exactly, sir,' replied Mr. Wincher with a sigh. ' I do get an odd job now and then, it's true, but tbe now and then are very far apart.' ' And you find it hard to pay the rent of this room and live without trenching on your little fund ?' ' Sir, our savings are melting day by day ; but we are old ; and, after all, better people than we are have had to end their days in a workhouse. There'6 no reproach in such an end if one has worked one's hardest all the days of one's life.' ' You shall not be reduced to the workhouse if I can help it, Mr. Wincher,' said Lucius heartily. ' If you are too proud to take money from me— ' 'No. sir, not too proud; it isn't pride but principle.' ' If you won't take my money, Mr. Wincher, I must try to find you a home. Come and live with me. My hsuBek'eeper haB given me a good deal of trouble lately ; in fact, I'm afraid she is not so temperate in her habits as she ought to be, and I sha'n't be sorry to get rid of her. I am not in a position to offer you very liberal wages — ' ' Bless your heart, sir, we've not been accustomed to wages of late years. ? Stay with me if you like,' said Mr. Sivewright, ' but I'm too poor to pay wages. I'll give you a roof to cover you, and a trifle for your board.-' And we contrived to live upon the trifle, sir, by cutting it rather fine.' ' I'll give you what I give my present house keeper,' answered Lucius, ' and you must manage to rub on upon it till my prospects improve. I t.hinlr you'll be able to make my house comfortable — eh, Mrs. Wincher ?— and to get on with its new mistress, when I am happy enough to bring my wife home.' ' Lor, sir, I can do for you better than I did for Mr. Sivewright, who's a deal more troubleBonier than ever you could be, even if you fried to give trouble ; and as to Miss Lucille, why, she knows I'd wear the flesh off my bones to serve her, willing.' It was all settled satisfactorily. Lucius was to give his housekeeper a week's notice, as per agree ment She bad burnt his chop and smoked his tea continually of late, despite his remonstrances. And Mr. and Mrs. Wincher were to take up their abode with him as soon as he returned from his foreign expe dition. They parted on excellent terms with each other. 