PASSAGES IN THE LIFE OF A NONOGENERIAN. CHAPTER IV. The Battle of Kororarika - Defeat of the Natives - Resumption of Friendly Relations - Faithful Conduct of the Chief Tupe - Deserters and their Punishment - Perilous Excursion into the Land of the Enemy - Escape from Death and Danger - The Devil in the Watch - Visit to the Friendly Islands, Tongatobu and Namuka - Reminiscences of Captain Cook - Tricks of Trade Explorations in Namuka, one of the Habais - The great Navigator again - Taomal wants to go with his White Friend - City of Edinburgh sails away from the Habais for Fiji. At that time there were two cannons on the beach, but they were not placed in working order ; and as I came out of my hut, I called on the officer who had charge of the camp (a 'cute Yankee), and asked if these guns were loaded. He said that they were not, and that they had no cartridges made. " Had he any gunpowder ?" "Yes, he had plenty." " Why then," I asked him, "did you not make cartridges ? " His excuse was, that he had not been supplied with any cartridge paper. I immediately ran back into my hut, seized my stockings, and converted them into cartridges, which were afterwards found to answer extremely well. During this interval, the hostile fleet had been collecting into one body, and they now began to move forward toward the camp. I had never fired off a big gun before, but I made shift to act as a gunner on this occasion. I took the best aim that I could, but the shot struck the water before it reached the canoes, and rebounding, rose again a little further away. At the very first discharge, there seemed to be some confusion in the fleet, and numbers of men were seen swimming in the water, and several of the canoes were capsized. I aimed with the second gun a little higher, and the ball went slap over their heads. The effect was electrical, for the whole fleet took to flight. There were two boats on the beach, and of these I at once availed myself. They were launched in an instant, filled with men with muskets, and dispatched against the foe. The hostile armament had retired beyond Kororarika Point to hold a council of war. As soon as the men in the boats came in sight of the canoes they began to blaze away, and thereupon the Maori warriors threw themselves into the water and swam ashore. My men immediately took possession of the canoes, and towed them into the bay, where all were hauled up high and dry, beyond the reach of the tide. I looked about me and saw that there were many more natives on the beach than usual, and I thought, and still believe, that if the canoes had been successful many of them would have joined those who came to attack us. I think so because, alter all the enemy had disappeared, one ot the Maories - a grim old warrior - rose and addressed me thus :— " You have conquered Waraki." Wariki was the commander of the fleet of canoes. He was the chief of " Waitangi," Anglice, the Waterfall. I had never seen this chief. But Metatau, the native I had brought from Sydney, was in command of some of the canoes belonging to Tippuna. As I have already stated, Tupé had left me early in the morning ; and on his way home he looked back and saw the canoes. He immediately returned to the ship, gave them warning of their danger, and went on board to assist in defending the ship. The vessel was then hove out and lying on her broadside. Some weeks after, Motara paid me a visit. He pretended to be very innocent of the attack upon me, and said that two of his father's canoes, having been stolen by the bad people, were then in my possession, and he therefore begged that I would return them. I did not believe one word that he said, but I felt really sorry to see him so much altered, and suffering from bronchitis. I gave him back the canoes, and he died shortly afterwards. Soon afterwards others came with the same fictitious tale, but I always returned the canoes. This may appear very injudicious, but I considered that they were so cowed by their abortive attack that there was little danger of their making any similar attempt ; besides which, I was well aware that the construction of these canoes was an affair of great labour to these poor savages, and of great importance to them for the purpose of fishing ; and further, that I was on intruder on their country for my own personal advantage. Some time subsequent to this, about ten or a dozen of my crew - all Sydney men - came to me one day and demanded that I should increase their rations during the remainder of my stay in New Zealand. I told them that their demand was perfectly unreasonable, and that I would not comply with it. " In that case," said the ringleader, " we will do no more work." " If you act in this manner," I replied, "I will stop your rations altogether." The ring-leader rejoined that they would " support themselves by fishing, and get other food from the natives." And thus we parted. Two or three days after - whilst I was standing on the beach, in conversation with Tupé and the captain \- the ringleader passed in front of us in a state of bravado. Having gone past us, he launched a canoe which was lying on the beach, and began to fish. Tupe looked at him, and then launched another canoe, paddled to him, and ordered him to take the canoe ashore. The man refused, and Tupé said, " If you don't go ashore instantly, I shall capsize the canoe, and leave you to swim for your life." The fellow went ashore, meekly enough, and the captain and I went to the spot where they both landed. Tupé addressed the man to this effect : - "You and your comrades are bad men, and disobey your officers, but I shall not countenance any such doings in New Zealand. I will neither allow you to fish in any of my canoes, nor will I permit any of my people to give you any food." At the commencement of this outbreak, the captain overhauled all the firearms, and accidentally exploded some gunpowder, which scorched him severely. He was therefore irritable and cross. The man I have been alluding to said something to him, and the captain turned upon him very angrily, and stopped him at once. I interfered and said, " Allow the man to speak ; I wish to hear what he says. Perhaps he is not so bad as you think he is." The man said, " Sir, I am glad to hear you say so, and will convince you that what you say is true. I will return to my duty, and will prevail upon my comrades to do the same. Thus this mutinous strike was quashed - mainly through the fidelity of Tupé. Sometime after this last affair was settled, I was informed one morning that the two sentinels who guarded the encampment had deserted with their muskets, being, of course, decoyed away by the chiefs. I immediately dispatched two boats with an officer in each, their instructions being to bring Tippahee and Waraki (the quondam commander of the fleet which had attacked me) to my camp. They arrived about breakfast time, and I invited them both to breakfast. After breakfast I entered upon the business of the day. I complained to these two chiefs that some of their subordinate had decoyed my two sentinels away, and that if they were not brought back to me I would take both of them away to England, and would deliver them both to King George. Tupé and Tarra atttended the meeting, and both were taciturn - never saying a word. At last Tupé said, " Will you take Tupé and Tarra with you to England, as well as the other chiefs ?" Now I was quite sure that Tupé must know perfectly well that I did not suspect him, and I thought he was fishing for a compliment. I therefore gave him an ambiguous response - that if I took all the chiefs of the Bay of Islands to England, I would take Tupe and Tarra also. Tupé replied : " That may be European custom, but it is not New Zealand custom. The New Zealanders never punish their friends because their enemies have injured them." He then said : " Give me three days' liberty, and I pledge myself to bring in the two men. And even if I do not succeed in recovering the men, I shall return at the end of three days, and you may do with me what you please." The venerable Tarra then arose and thus addressed me. " Tupé has spoken well ; do what Tupé says ; I know that Tupé will keep his word. Tarra will remain in the camp as security for Tupé ; and if Tupé does not keep his promise, kill Tarra." I was much vexed at my foolish joke being taken thus seriously, but I merely said - " I accept Tupé's proposal, and have no doubt but that he will keep his word." Neither of the other chiefs said a word, but looked very gloomy. They considered themselves my prisoners, but I kept them under no restraint, and they always had their meals at my table. I thought that Commodore Warriki aeemed unwell and inquired into his case. Ha said that a demon had entered into his body and was gnawing his entrails. I told him that I would give him something to expel the demon if he liked to take it. He said that he wished it very much. I gave him a few small doses of calomel, whereby the demon was effectually expelled.* Tupé returned, before the expiry of the three days, with the two deserters in custody, and both in hempen handcuffs. One of them was a native of Tahiti, and the other an Irishman, of the name of McEwers, who was rather a favourite. I was puzzled what punishment to give to the deserters, but ultimately sentenced the Irishman to receive twelve lashes, to be laid on by the Tahiti man, who laid it on so lightly that a schoolboy might have received it without wincing. After it was over, the Irishman turned round and said: " I am much obliged to you for being so lenient with me; I have acted like a fool, and deserved a much greater punishment." I was much pleased with having got out of this dilemma, and there was a fete at night, in which all the Maories joined. Amongst other things a mock English duel was fought with pistols, when Tupé expressed his abhorrence of such a barbarous practice. Then they showed a dramatic Maori fight. One man was slain, and all his party fled, the victors making torches of the old tarred canvas of the ship, and singing a song of victory. In the meantime the little boys prepared the body for roasting, and after- wards pretended to cut it up with shells, and 'said : " Who will have a piece ?" When the hymn was ended, the chiefs looked round, and saw that the little boys had let the cat out of the bag. The chiefs were much ashamed, and immediately that the fete was at an end, they left and hid themselves in the dark. The case was this - the chiefs had tried to persuade me that they, were no longer cannibals, and had now as much abhorrence of the practice as any European. I sent the two chiefs home next morning. A few days before the ship was ready to leave New Zealand, an old Maori lady called upon me. She said that her husband had been a great chief, but was dead ; and that she was now a poor widow, having a son (a little boy about six years old) who she was unable to bring up properly, and of whom she wished me to take charge. He was a smart little fellow, and his name was Taranui. I looked at him, and asked if he was willing to go ; and his reply was, " I wish it very much." There was a tailor on board, and I ordered the man to make a suit of clothes for this Taranui. He became a handy waiter at table, and a great favourite with every one. Some days after, as I was now idle, I went to Waitangi, the nominal residence of Commodore Waraki, tor the purpose of shooting ducks. I took my fowling- piece, and gave two muskets to the boy Taranui, who considering himself as my page, had asked to accompany me. I found neither houses nor cultivation nor any signs of inhabitants, and the country was wholly unincumbered with trees. I left the men at the boat, and walked along the banks of the river for some distance. At last Taranui said, " Come back, this place is dangerous ;" and he would go no further. I told him to stop where he was, and that I would go alone as I wanted to see the country. '"Oh don't," says he, "the place is not good." But I went on, wandering along the banks of the river for upwards of three miles, when I found myself at the foot of a low conical hill. Suddenly a smoke arose at the other side of the hill. I looked behind me, and was much surprised to find that I had wandered so far from my men. With some hesitation I mounted the hill, and then I saw before me about twenty or thirty men with fires, but no houses. They did not see me for two or three minutes. One of them at length saw me, and pointed me out to others. The men then all started up, seized their spears, and advanced towards me. I immediately descended the hill and trotted away homewards. On reaching the foot of the hill I looked back, and saw them all running down the hill. I now saw that my life depended on my legs, and I ran as fast as I could. After a little time I felt breathless and looked back, and I was happy to see that they had not gained ground upon me. I therefore determined not to run so fast NOTE * On my second visit to New Zealand, I saw a strange chief seated on the gangway and I asked him his name. He said he was Wariki, and that he had visited the ship in order to thank me for expelling the demon which was devouring him. for fear of breaking down. After, some time I again got breathless, and looking back again I saw that they were following at a considerable distance from one another. The battle of the Horatii and the Curiatii occurred to me, and I made up my mind that if any one reached me I would turn round and shoot him with my musket, and then charge the gun when running. I felt assured that they would be as exhausted as I was, and I therefore trotted away more gently. I became again very breathless and looked backwards, and this time I saw none of my pursuers from which I concluded that they had all broken down. Soon after I saw little Taranui standing in the same place where I had left him. I told him to find my men and tell them to come instantly ; and the two men with their muskets soon appeared, accompanied by two or three natives. I told them how I had been hunted, and that I was determined to overhaul the hostile party. The fact is that I was ashamed of having been obliged to turn my back upon the natives. On our way back I passed one of the pursuers, lying on the banks of a creek, chafing his legs and I afterwards passed three or four more at different distances. I did not even speak to them. On reaching the encampment, I found a number of men, most of whom retreated to some distance, but when they saw there were only three white men they again advanced towards us. I called to the men to follow me, and, presenting my musket, advanced towards them. They thereupon took to flight, and I followed them a little way, and returned. On again arriving at the encampment, I found only two or three of the original pursuers, but observed that my Maori followers had opened all the native ovens, where they had found a number of large fat dogs roasting, and had put them on their shoulders. I asked them what they intended to do with the dogs ; and they answered, " to take them to the New Zealanders who are on board ship." I ordered them to return the dogs to the ovens, and to cover them up again. I then told the two or three natives that my only object in visiting them was to purchase some potatoes for the crew of the ship, and that provided they had any potatoes to sell I would purchase them. They produced several basketfuls, and I told them to bring them down to the boat and I would pay for them. They shouldered the baskets and brought them to the boat, where I paid for them. On their way down they talked very sociably with my Maories. And thus I escaped being barbecued in a native oven. When the ship was ready the anchors were weighed, and we proceeded on our voyage. Tupé and Tarra accompanied us to the Heads. After some time I was alarmed by a sudden cry of terror from Tarra. I asked Tupé what was the matter, he replied, " Tarra is an old fool ; Captain Ceronie has dropped his watch overboard. Tarra thinks that the watch is a demon, or ' Etua.' This Captain Ceronie commanded a ship belonging to Simeon Lord, and in the course of the voyage entered the harbour of Wangaroa, where the natives received him in a very friendly manner. He was seen by the natives accidentally to drop his watch into the harbour, and the night after that he left the harbour without taking leave of any one. This they thought \- as they also concluded the watch to be a demon - was a very suspicious circumstance. Soon after an epidemic afflicted these natives, which occasioned a great mortality amongst them, their principal chief being one of the victims. " Tarra," said Tupé, thinks, that Ceronie has maliciously dropped a demon into the water for the purpose of killing all the natives of the Bay of Islands in the same way as he did at Wangaroa. I have vainly tried to convince Tarra that a watch is no demon, but he is such a superstitious old fool that he will not believe me." If my philosophical friend Tupé had visited England at the present day, he would not have made such harsh satirical remarks upon his worthy colleague, for he would have seen lots of grave Englishmen sitting round a table, and compelling poor ghosts to obey their incantation, and to perform all manner of monkey tricks. On the voyage to the Fijis we sighted the island of Tongatabu.* We did not anchor, but lay-to near the shore. The ship was soon surrounded with canoes, bringing refreshments consisting of pigs, fowl, bread- fruit, yams, coconuts, etc. They also brought off considerable quantities of sinnet, made of coconut fibre, and a brisk trade commenced. Some time after, two Tongese gentlemen came on board, very clean, fat, and comely ; their flowing robes reminding me of Chinese mandarins. They were invited into the cabin. They informed me that they had been sent by the great chief to invite me to come on shore, and that if I had any fears they would remain on board till my return. I expressed my thanks but said that as the ship was not at anchor, I could not leave her. They further informed me that there had been a civil war in Tonga, but that everything was now settled, and that a new chief governed. I could have gained nothing by landing, as the canoes brought ample supplies of everything the island produced. I made them some presents which they accepted, and courteously left the ship. After having purchased everything which the canoes had brought, we proceeded on our voyage. Next day we sighted the small island of Anamuka Namuka and here I determined to anchor. On nearing the shore, I got into a boat to search for the best anchorage. A long canoe came to the boat, and in this canoe there was an elderly chief seated in the stern, and a young man beside him. They told me that this elderly person was Kino Kino Loa, the chief of Anamuka, and that the young man was his son Taomaal. Taomaal asked what I was looking for in the boat, and I replied that I was looking for a place to anchor the ship. "Follow me," said the young chief, "and I will show you the place where the great chief, Toote (Captain Cook) anchored." I made a signal to the ship. It was about dinner time and I wanted them to come into my boat and dine with me. They both did so, but the elder chief first ordered his people to put a large pig into the boat. After they were seated alongside of me, Taomaal said : " I wish you to adopt me, and to become my friend." " With great pleasure," I replied, " but hope that you will adopt me too, and become my friend also ;" and so we shook hands, by way of confirming the contract. This conversation was not exactly in these words ; but that was the purport of It. There were plenty of fowls for dinner, and although neither of three two gentlemen had ever used a knife and foik before, they looked to what we did, and managed to imitate us wonderfully well. ' As soon as dinner was finished, they all left the table except Kino Kino Loa and myself, who remained in conversation together. When I came upon deck, some time after, I found Taomaal under the hands of the barber, who had already cut off his beautiful beard with scissors, and was besmearing his face with soap- suds. I was sorry for it spoiled his appearance. I told Kino Kino Loa that I would accompany him ashore to take a look at the island, and would come tomorrow for the purpose of trading with his people for provisions. On my way ashore, Taomaal offered to give me the same house for me to keep my boats in, which his grandfather had given to "Toote." I thanked him and said that I did not need it, but should like to see it. On landing, he took me to see it. It was a long, lofty structure, open at both ends; and on entering it, I was surprised to see upwards of a hundred people sleeping in hammocks suspended from the roof. It was still in good repair, but had many marks of antiquity about it. When I returned to the landing-place, Mrs. Taomaal, the wife of my friend - a handsome young woman, but decidedly fat, came up and accosted me. " Give me an alacoché," said she. I said that I did not know what an "alacoché" was. At length I ascertained that an alacoché was a pair of scissors to cut her hair. I told her that I could bring her a pair tomorrow. I was then surrounded by lots of females, all clamouring for alacochés. Taomaal conducted me to the boat, and I requested him to tell the ladies that I would bring "alacochés" to-morrow. Next day I came ashore with two boats so that I might trade with the natives, and of course did not forget to bring alacochés for Mrs. Taomaal and her friends. The two chiefs received us on the beach. The captain had accompanied me ashore, and I told him to attend to the trading while I examined the island. Taomaal attended me everywhere. On my return I found a crowd of natives on the beach, with plenty of produce. Kino Kino Loa waa seated at some distance m the middle of his chiefs for the purpose of preserving order. I asked the captain how he succeeded with the trading. " Very well," he said, and I am buying cheaper than at Tonga. I saw, however, that he had not purchased much, and had been haggling with the natives about prices. I told him to go away and amuse himself, and that I would become the trader. I advanced towards the traders. One of them offered me something for barter ; I gave him what he asked. Another man started up and said "Buy mine," which I did. Numbers of others started up, and there waa a regular chorus of "Buy mine." The purchases were laid in several heaps, and as soon as I had made a purchase I pointed out where the seller was to lay it. An old woman offered me something for sale, which I paid for, and pointed out to her NOTE - How it was they got so very far away to the eastward of the Fijian group, does not appear. (Ed.) whereto lay it, and then I turned round to another trader. The beldame did not lay down the article, but came round the other side, and again held it out to me, and so I paid, for it a second time. Kino Kino Loa observed the transaction, started to his feet, gave the old woman a hearty slap on her face, and drove her out of ihe market. The captain had sat down at the side of a screen to avoid the heat. He had two small steel pistols in his pocket. One of the natives put his hand under the screen and picked his pocket of one of ihem. This was detected by a young native of the Fiji Islands, whom we had brought down from Sydney, and who was then with the captain acting as interpreter between him and the chiefs. Through this man the captain stated his complaint to the chief. The chief gravely heard the complaint, took hold of the second pistol which the captain held in his hand, and started to his feet. The mob of people present were silent. There was not a murmur to be heard. Kino Kino Loa held out the pistol, and made a very short address to them. A man arose from the middle of the crowd and gave the name of the thief who had stolen the pistol. A poor trembling wretch arose and held out the stolen pistol. The chief seized a cutlass from the hand of the Fiji native, and rushed toward the culprit. I then interposed, seized the arm of the chief, and gently led him bock to his Beat. And so the matter ended. After having loaded the two boats with produce I sent them away to the ship, and told them to return with some more articles of trade. I told Taomaal that I would like to take a walk across the island, provided he would accompany me. He agreed to do so, but he first took me to see his house. It was very clean, and the floor was nicely matted. I observed one of his servants chasing a large pig in the yard of the house. The pig took refuge in the house, and the servant threw his club at it, hit it on the head, and killed it. I asked Taomaal if his servant was angry at the pig for defiling his parlour. Taomaal smiled, and said that the man had killed it for the purpose of cooking it for dinner. I walked across the island. The road was a passable footpath, but although the soil was rich I did not see much cultivation. On reaching the shore they showed me the island of Little Anamuka (Anamuka Ette*), but I had found that I had walked too fast for Taomaal. The calves of his legs were cramped, and his attendants vied with each other in chafing them. On my way back I passed a fortified village. The fortifications consisted of a double bamboo stockade. The entrance gate was long and crooked, and well supplied with bars. The city was compactly built together, the streets were narrow and crooked ; the inhabitants were all absent at the market-place. There was only one man that remained as a warder. He asked me to take some refreshment, and surprised me by the facility and expedition with which he cooked a bread-fruit, that I might eat it piping hot. I observed that we were close to the lagoon in the centre of the island. It resembled the crater of an old volcano, but I had no time to examine it. On arrival at the market place, dinner was ready. I ought to have called ii picnic, as we partook of it in the open air. The only animal food produced was a large pig, cooked in a native oven. The cooking was exquisite. I do believe that Soyer himself could not have cooked it so well. After dinner, a bowl of kava was introduced. They first gave the chief a cupful of it. The cup was made of a green leaf. After he had emptied the cup he tossed it away, and the attendant handed me another. I had seen them preparing the kava, and declined to drink it, but told the chief that I would prefer some coconut milk, which they immediately brought to me. They drew my attention to a pineapple. It was too green for use. The chief told me that they had not brought it for the purpose of eating, but to show it to me. He stated that it was a present which "Toote" (Captain Cook) had made them. I was delighted with the gratitude of these poor natives to our great navigator. During dinner Kino Kino Loa addressed me : " My son, Taomaal wishes to accompany you on your voyage ; will you take him ?" I heedlessly replied : " With great pleasure ; I like him very much." After dinner I proceeded to the market, and very soon cleared it, and loaded my two boats. There was some trade left. I begged that the chief would accept it. He smiled, took it, and calling his chiefs round him divided it amongst them. I then parted with him, and returned to the ship. Next morning, the wind being fair, we loosened the topsails, and began to heave up the anchor. Taomaal carne on board to remain (as he stated) another day. He said : " You had a great deal of trouble yesterday, but my father has made new market regulations, and the market will be better supplied." I replied that I was much obliged to his father, but that I had got sufficient supplies to last the crew for a long time, and that if I took any more they would be spoiled by keeping. He said that yams would keep a long time if we took care not to bruise them. At last he said : " You promised yesterday to take me with you in the ship and I hope you will do so." I replied : " I have been thinking about it all night, and I now think (although I would very much like to take you) the vojoge will be long and dangerous, and you would be exposed to many hardships. Besides, I might not be able to send you to Anamuka." He said : " Do take me ; I will risk it." Much more to the same purport passed between us. I pointed out that the ship had drifted a long way from the island, and that he ought to leave it. He replied ; "As you will not take me, accept my club as a keepsake." I gave him something in return, and did not forget to give him one of my best razors. This club was lost when the ship sank in the middle of the Atlantic. Thanks to God I did not take him. Some of the natives came on board for the purpose of visiting the Fiji Islands,' but they suffered much from sea sickness, and sorely repented what they had done. NOTE * Namuka. 