GOOD TEMPLAR ENTERTAINMENT AT GOODNA. (FROM OUR LUNATIC CORRESPONDENT.) The Good Templars of Goodna were "on the spree" last night, not with "ardent" but with "animal" spirits. The determined organization which has re solved to banish the curse of intemperance from Queensland soil has adopted the wise policy of adding amusement and recreation-the happy children of wit and humour-to the other powerful champions ranged under its banner; and its lodges have determined on giving a series of entertainments including musical performances (instrumental and vocal), light dramatic pieoes, readings,' and recitations, so that the assooia. tion of ideas and the concert of feeling produced by such gatherings may furnish an intellectual training of an order likely to elevate the mind above those erosser pleasures which the worship of Bacchus has too long consecrated among men. The entertainment given last night in the Primary School, Goodon, was a decided sueccess, and was lis tened to by an audience numbering more than 300 with great delight. Nearly 100 visitors from a dis tence were present. One end of the school was fitted up as a stage, with the usual theatrical surroundings ; end Mr. Blunt's services as scene- painter and stage. fitter, on this as on other occasions, deserves due aso knowledgmett at the hands of his brethren. The perfirmance was commenced by Mr. Jesse, head warder, Woogaroo, reading the following pro. logue:- "Green grow the rushes, O, Green grow the rushes, O; The wisest man this world e'er saw He dearly lo'ed the lasses, O." (Sung.) Old Solomon was right, and liked a ladies' "spree" A stunning example for the I.O.G.T. Let's mingle mirth with earnest is a precept handy; Stick to the girls and fun, and leave alone the brandy. The human mind is not a dungeon cell Of gloomy air, nor yet a mental hell Of self-inflicted punishment; the ring Divine of God's own voice sounds " Dance and sing." " There is a time" for love and kindly glee, Leading to "matching and hatching," d'ye see ? Thus fulfilling that pleasant Divine command, "Increase and multiply," in this goodly land. Here's Scott and Gimson, full of fun to the brim, But both " rayther" stout for the part of "Slim Jim ;" Here, too, is the whiskerless phis of young Kelly, Quite fit to enact either Sall, Sue, or Nelly. Our scenery is first-class; and on his flute Blunt is first fiddle, for our painter is cute. Then we have Mapstone, bold Cramb, and Deacon, Each in his own way a Goodna beacon. Nothing cures dulness like a musician, And Hegarty here will be head physician. Why, this is far better fun than soaking and drinking Till your eyes are bloodshot and your breath is quite stinking. Then give us, amateurs, your cheering smiles; Assist as, fair ones, with your kindly wiles; And I'll be sworn the Goodna Good Templars' spree Will end this night "wi' muckle mirth and glee." The first two parts of the entertainment included musical pieces by Mr. Hogarty-both solo, and with the assistance of his band-and songs, readings, and recitations by Miss M. Davis, Messrs. Jesse, Deacon, Scott, Blunt, Cliffe, Martin, Cramb, Davis, Kelly, and Beasley. Miss Davis's recitation of "The death of Hoffer" was well received, but being "her first ap pearance on any stage," sebs was, asbecame a blushing maiden, ratlher bashful. Mr. Jesse's reading of "The Lost Child" excited continued merriment throughout, and, if entertainments of this character carry the day in Goodna, his comic powers, and those of Messrs. Deacon and Blunt, will make a good start for the township theatre. Mr. Cliffe will make a valuable addition to the trio, for his recitations, given in the Lancashire vernacular, were of an improving sort. The patriotic voice of Mr. Cramb gave spirit-stirring emphasis to the song "Scotland yes," and, along wits his determined use of the red-hot poker in "Slim Jim," indicated the powere of a swell tragedian of an exceedingly energetic and truly Caledonian type. Messrs. Martin and ScBoott's singing earned the high compliment of being encored two or three times over. Meners. Martin, Davis, Relly, and Beasley were all that could be desired. The last part of the performance was the farce of the " Ticket Taker," or " Slim Jim," as announced in the programme. Mr. Jessess Barnam did the Ameri- can manager to a nicety. Mr. Deacon as Slim Jim, with the whole burden of the pieae on his shoulders, throughout never flagged for one minute, and suse tained the character amidst shouts of laughter during several ludicrous and grotesque incidents. His per formance deserves the creditof being carefully studied as to character and capitally carried out both in voice and action. The funereal tones of Mr. Gimson's Ghost were so natural as to induce the ides of the close proximity of a churchyard; and with the squealing of the ill-used and mismanaged Baby, and the caekling and crowing incidents of Rooster, Ban. tam, and Co. in the conoluding song, "The Men Con vention," formed marked features in a thoroughly well performed burleaque, which gave satisfaction and pleasure, and more than the worth of their money, to a well-pleased audience. After the entertainment a number of the performers and of their friends partook of Mr. Bexton's hospi tality in the form of a sipper, and all agreed that the Goodna Good Templar entertainment, got ap for the Good Templar Hall building fund, had gone off in a thoroughly creditable manner. Mr. Hogarty and his band deserve the thanks of the lodge for their services, and anyone who knows that gentleman's kind and open heart will appreciate his spirit and good will in lending his shoulder to the wheel on this occasion. Good Templarism has a very hard battle yet before it, but every year crowns the eanse with fresh laurels of victory, and reformed, happy, and contented fami lies are tripmphs which are far above the pleasures in spired by the pseudo-oonviviality of a flowing bowl pleasures which, when the fleeting hour of enjoyment is past, more frequently produce mental remorse and physical dejection than any permanently happy feel mig. The nerves, unstrung by dissipation, and the early grave of many a promising and talented man will always weigh the balance down against these vieious delights, and the increasing muster-roll of this great esoiety will end in a final peal of " Io Triumphe." Goodna, Nov. 8. 