CONSECRATION OF THB BOMAN CATSOLIO UlbHOP OF A.DKL&IUE.; (Prom ths South Australian Register.) On 8uf.ii*y, Norumbsr 2. tas-ay Sooth Aa-tnll»n- had an opportunity of witnewim one or the n«t im presalve oeremonl-.li of the Komau Catholia Church, an uvent wfaicb m*j be Been perhapi bac or.oe la ? lifetime, and wbiciioartainly will note»«llj bu forgoMenbjr tho-« ?who were ?pectatora on the occa ion. The njvAnoe ment of a priest to the digntcy of the e.iwopnta moat alwijB be regftrded as a eiroamawnoa nf lmporeance, and this being die first tlmo in the hlitory of the dlooete of Adelaide that tbe ohlef putot ot Che Komfeh Ohutoh here has been sonieerated amongit hlafloc., gave ftd iitloD»l intorcet to the event. Tnia wa- laten slfied by tbe presecoe of the Venerable Boman Catbolio Piiinitu --f AuntrJl . and ttiree prelatei from tits elstor colidies, who f.rmei inch an ameniblnge of thepllUn of the Ohnrch as haa never beforo been teen in this pruvuscc. The eetemn act of consecration took plaoa at St. FruuoUXivierB Cathedral, before a crowded con gregation, itclndiag man; membecs of other denomi nations. There Were no decorations la the building beyond the gsll ry and pulpit beiog draped with orlm Boa bat the panels of thech&uc.-l; h*ve litelr been rep&ln;'ed in a chaatg and appropriate Btvla, audthealtu w»s adorned with flowers. Ac 10 o'clock a juroocBslon entered. Vint came a b y b -ariuga large gilt cross, followed by about thirty aoolytes in ec^rlec »nd white, preceding the YenerabU ^robde&ODD; IJm»ell, master of the oeremomeB : the Rev. P Keogh, atalataut; the Hnv. Dr. O'Oo.jior (Sjdney), M Uager, T. Bongaerts, 0 Von der Heyden, J Qai.Ha, P. Mjore, P Hngliee, J. Mahor, M. O'Oounor, and J. O'Snlliviui; Mesas. Wllliims. C r.oll, aud Potzi'U. Nt-xt appeared the a«siit»ut conjecratora, JDc, Muriiliy, Buhop of Hobart Towa, ith his chaplain, the Bor. P, Sent edy ; Dc. Q icn. Bi-hop of Bivhurat, and his ohaplidn, tha E.v. P. C rcorau. The prelates were attired in mitr a and magnificent copes Of cloth of gold, the upper portion enibroi iored with fl jweta in natural colour*. Dc. Murrey. Bishop of Mait. lana, was attended by the Rot. Father Boutke as chapliin, aud had on the crdinary purple cf a Biahop The Arolibiuhop (the conzeor&tot;), who wai pieoededby anaoolyto beailug hia Biivtrpaa oral stiff, followed, aitiiea in ye.toiii'.ts of bluokfatiu, and sup ported by his ohapUUje, Fathers Colleai. of Sydoe , ucdStreie, S.J. At the 1 steams the Bishop Elect, the Vaii Kef. V. A. HeyaMs, weniiott h.s oiresta i-d-1 r«b d lifaoape of wiiitu moire antique, wo ked witb fl iv«rs and fringed tviih gold. His obapUlna were the Very Kor. F. Byrne anatau Kev. J. Tuppeiner, S J. Entering thesanotasrj-, theorgaa pl-ying the mean wu.'le, the Ale^ropolitaa was couduoted to bit throne a a town tur mass, tue venmtuts lnouiitog a tunic ot rich lace and a cream coloured satin ohassiibie, the ocas l:. whl.ii vru jewelled, sad u Gothic mitre. Be thn8i.au.-d hi: s»it belorethe altar, ai.d the Bishop £lLct w«s conducted before him r,y (he assistant ojBijops; aud bs all ilia diffsrejt offioiula took up htir positious, tho ss.ioe, temper d by the sab duid light which cjaio thtough the stained nU=a vindows, irna rery imposing. Ths o^iis ants haviug ducanded in Li'.iu (whica was the language throughout the proo tdiugs) oouaecratiou for the Eioof, the ounsccrittur's notary (Ciio ll';v F. ii-ra ) read the apostolio mandate author^siugit. The B.sUop Elco;, kneeling before the Consccrutor, took tbe outiinf »(.iritui: fnaUy and obmiienos aftsr whiob, in r- ply to au t-z«niinatlon from tho Oonsecrti or, hepromisid to bend his uude:standing tu the meaning of dlv.nu Scrip ture and couforoi to it to teach the people both by word and ix mplc, tu ke^p tbe traditious uf tho orthodox futh' r». tu restrain his conduct from evil, to obae:ve chuiy »ud aobiiety, to abstain from earthly buaiueaa, co obaerpo and teach humility, and to be com pnasionnicto all iu nued. Next followed »n examina tion a= to discipline of the Church on masts, a of faith. The t lect then ki«scd tho hand of the Coasecraior ou bU knees, en.i the Oouo crator, laying uni e his mi-ie, turned to tbe altar, and began the cotifitcor or con fession of faitb. Whilst ibe Mass was bel % pro. ctedud with, the aisistjnts led Futuer Beynol is to his owa chapel, where, taking off his cope, ho was vested u-ttii lull Od- aoaioala. His sontma was uf porjjle siik -ita luce tuuic and whitu Knd gold chasuble of elegant tv.irlrirmnchir- Aflvrrjniiinfr ihaKfoad-l/iB-n *j% tKd outrm l-iiint as the Consocr^tor, ho retarued to the middle' jthur, where the Conseorator prayed for the blaeiiiiiga of God upon hliu. 'l'he ciguicMUs prostrated tliom seivea while the Licany of the S^iuts was sun^, and x.t ' We bi-seeob thee to hiinr ui,' tha C^naecrstor rose, and making thutigu of tho cross throo times over the Elect, btsonghi. God to bices, nanotify, atid oonseorftte him. Th- Litany ended the B shop Elect kuelt down — th» b -ok o{ the Gospels being held o^un on his ueck and shouldeiB. Xho ConBeorator and atBifl'.aota touch ing his hea.i said, ' tteo-ive the Holy Ghost,' afior which the Uonacc ator olleioj up ibanks, and prayed tuut tte graoes which charmed tbe ojo, and were pre figured ill bi« variety of ornaments and cobUf appatel, miKht appear ia rhs co dust of the Bleat. Toe ' Veni Creator ' having been intoned, the Corporator anoiutei the hean of the Elect, and pray d thit he mtgiit be endotred with every grace and power. Tiie.-i tao Oousecrator begin th' amiphon, 'Lke ointment on tbe he id that ran down upon the beard of Aaron, which iaa down to the skirt of hU garment, the L-rd hath oomoianded blessing for over,' and the 132ad Psalm was said. The bauds of the Elect ware next aDbolnted, the Canseorator spying, ' May these haudu be annotated with consecrated oil and the chrism of GinoiinoMion. As Simuel Annoluted David King and Prophet, no bethou uauoicted and coDeeorattd in the n«mo uf God the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Gh»at, tniklag the iJksceai of the holy cross of uur Saviour Jusus Christ, who hath redeemed us from dtath and brought us to the kingiom of heaven. Hear us lorlogly, O Almighty Father, eternal God, and grunt that we ma; obtain what wo ask of Thte ; thvoush the same, &o.; Aaion.' Ttc pastoral cro-icr was then bleated and sprinkled with holy water.- and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now oillod tho Cong, orated, with these words : ' Keoeive the staff ol tho pastoral office, that you nuy be piouily severe in correcting vice;, holding judgment wlthont aug=r, toothing the minds of the hearers by promoting virtues, not losing sight cf Btriotnt*s in the cilvnness of severity. The Oonseorator then blesped the ring as follows ; ' Lst u- pray. O Creator and Preaeiver of maakind, oiver of spiritual grace, G'untor of eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, sent 'oith Thy b'eaiing upon this ring-, tbat whoever shall b-; signed with this a gu of our most huly faitb, may by tbe strength of this heavenly defence be enabled to ratao for himiolf eternal life. Through, 4a. Amen.' The rlfie; was aprlnklxd with holy water, aud placed on the finger tif ihe Consecrated, tho Consecrator Bay. Jnf, 'Beccivo this ring, the tign of fidelity, tbat. ?idorned with unblemished fnitb, y .u may, without staiu, guard the spouse of God, whioh i- His Holi iihuroh. Amen.' the Book of the G.ispels, whloh had all this time been held o . the shouldere of the Con aeerated, wat removed and delivered to htm, and tbe kba of peace given to him by the Consecrator and assistant*. The ConEeorator aad Consecrated proceeded in the Mass at (Far as the offertory, when th . latter ?.ffered to the former two lighted torches, two loaves, and two small barrels of urtue, to be used In tbe Saciifioe, Tbe ' Agnus Dt-i' haviDg been Bang, bath ajvanaed to the seme altar And proeeedec together In the Mesa, there bslng oao host and one ohalloo for both, The Consecrator gave the plaoe to the Ct)Et™rat;d and the assljtan's and administered tbo Communion, after which tho mitre and gloves wtre separately blessed, and assumed by the Some orated, who, having bo;n enthroned, puBed through the Church with the assistants, giving ois bribing to all, the 'Te Deum' being sung during his progress. Ou their return to the altar, more prayers and the Gotpel of St. John weie repeated, and the Primate and three prelates retired, the former reappearina during tbe delivery ? ol ! the sermon, which was preached In uugiuu ny me uunop oi aiaiiiRnu irom the following test: 'Take heed tn yonrselve* and to all tbe flock over whloh tbe Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Cauioh of God, which he hath puroha.ed with HU own blood.'— Acts of tho,1 Apostles, ohap ii. 5. 