THE HERMIT OF THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. BY AUSTRALIE. BOOK XI. GOVETT'S LEAP. A fitful day of storm and sunshine smiles; A time when e'en it seems that Nature's soul Is torn by diverse passions good and ill Warring for mastery in her troubled depths. Undaunted by earth's threats a traveller now Slow wanders upward, striving for some point Of vantage ground o'er elemental rage. Nothing for miles but spare trees shivering cold In thinnest garb of leaves that scarce can hide The greyness of the leaden vault, when lo! A sudden break reveals a scene sublime— A mighty gorge with gently wooded slopes Blue-green in mossy distance, velvet soft In rounded outline and moist-breathing bloom; Contrasting with the solid majesty Of crowning fortress lines that angry rise Above the valley, in defiance stern Outstanding strong, with thousand feet of wall Red-fronted, streaked with blackening lines of time. A view majestic ever! Ay, but now E'en awe-compelling in storm-grandeur fierce, When o'er the ramparts black clouds frowning brood, Hiding each lofty summit in a gloom Of shrouding mists that hang in cumbrous mass, Or, torn and jagged at the edges, send White cloud-bits straying to the vale beneath. A constant change!—now motionless and dark The vaporous volumes rest upon the heights, Then sudden sweep down in some glen-recess Dividing there in downy fragments white That sleep awhile upon the mountain's brow, Then, restless, swiftly upward climb, as if In haste to join the mother-cloud above. The gazer watches. For one moment now The quenchless sun, resuming power, strives To pierce the veil, just lights the nearer slopes, And 'gainst the white streaks of the shower- bank Throws up in black relief a bastion rock With sentinel tower beneath. The gleam is gone! A distant growl. A flash! Then from afar, Rolling resistless, sweep the thunder heaps From peak to peak till every towering height Is robed white with brooding cumulus, Throwing great arms into each hollowing gorge, Advancing, now silent, in suspended strength, Then firing forth its roaring cannonry With lightning fork that rends the steaming pall As fortress answers fort in echoing rage. The fight is won! The one-time glorious scene Of mount and vale is blotted out from view, Till naught is seen but one broad sheet of mist, And on the brink of a great sea of foam, Like skeletons in ghastly humid air, The gaunt trees stand with white arms stretching wild. But, no! a wind uprises, and once more The shroud lifts off, rock-guardians glower dark Amid file greyness, and from out the depths, As from some horrible infernal fire, The smoking mists seethe up. Again the towers And tree-clad slopes are clear revealed, while bright With recent moisture reddening rocks glare forth One instant, and the waterfall light gleams Against a background dark, like shimmering ghost. The sudden gleaming smile 'neath frowning brows Yet bides but for a while, for fuming down The vapours spread o'er all the scene once more— A blue flash quivers through the grey, a crash, The lulling storm returning, bursts as if To anger wrought by “cloud-compelling Jove,” Though fain its surging breast it now would calm And cease to strive in fierce electric ire. But first its pent-up moisture it must vent In passion torrent of great-drooping tears, Till all relieved by downward pouring rain Its will is gained. Yet once more Nature's face Is hid by dim-grey veil of blinding cloud, And then the sun o'erwhelms his watery foes As Heaven's blue eyes peep through the breaking gloom, The "brouillards" vanish, soft the landscape glows With purple tints—moist atmospheric hues, While wet rocks glittering in the sunlight, seem Like laughing lips rejoicing, and the trees Are diamond-laden all with glistening drops. The storm has passed. Earth breathes in sweet repose, The lowering frown has left the mountain's brow, In dream of blue the peaceful valley lies And world and sky in smiling beauty blend. Awhile Alfier Delorne, for he it is, Stands musing, rapt, entranced. To him, long used To English prettiness, such grandeur seems E'en like a revelation, striking out Some hidden cord of wildness in his breast. The Esau instinct hid in human being Awakes in him—Nature-thralled he moves From point to point to note each varying trait. Now from a jutting rock he looks adown The giant glen, and vainly longs to reach The unattainable rich depths that lie So like an Eden garden mid the wilds. A verdant grove of myrtle, currajong, Mimosas soft, and varied evergreens, With form and foliage full and rounded rich, In moist luxuriance of the sheltered warmth; While flowered creepers weave their tendrils bright From branch to branch, and, star-like, great tree-ferns Gleam singly, or in constellations green Cluster upon the damp earth's fertile space. Then on its course, between two rising hills, Swift runs a stream that headlong overleaps The sheer and deep terrific precipice In one unbroken line of twice four hundred feet, Losing its substance, melting into spray. And floating down like hundred rocket lights, Wafted and blown aside by every breeze, Or wreathing upward, as if loth to leave The dear warm heights, yet all resistless borne, —A cloud of mist—into the bosomed glen. The sun comes out. And lo, upon the rain Of falling crystals iris colours gleam. The cascade, ghostly pale awhile before, Is tinged and 'lumined with clear golden hues, Red, purple shades, bright emerald glories rich, And violet glows of glancing jewelled light. One tender touch of radiant loveliness!— A gem set in surroundings dark of rock Rising precipitous on either side, Above the slopes of the great tortuous vale Which seems like the dry course of some great stream That wound amid the mountains, and then left Its one-time depths to clothe their banks with green. Yea, more. The line of cliffs escarped and jagged So kindred look that they perchance were one Till some convulsion, strong earth-heaving force, Reft them asunder, fixing a huge gulf Between the frowning separated heights, That wept their parting aye with trickling drops, And glistening tear-falls down their riven sides. A lonely spot! that spite the soothing sound Of softly-falling water, and the hush Of wind 'mid rustling leaves, appalling seems, Soul-stirring, awful in sublimity Of savage grandeur. Lost in thought, he stands A breathing soul, a human being lone Amid the grand untrodden wilderness Of earthquake-builded towers, and forests hoar, That centimes long had gloomed, regardless all Of human life or care—and still would rear Their strong unconscious heights through ages far, Unchangeable, while generations pass And kingdoms rise and fall. At last the sun Declining bids him seek a shelter ere Night's gloom has hidden winding forest paths; So, turning from the GOVETT'S LEAP, he bends His steps to Blackheath, there to rest awhile, Until he morrow's dawn shall light him on To seek the Hermits in the wilderness. For days he wanders, till he grows to hate The endless gum trees; yet at times beguiled By glorious views or lovely picture bits— A babbling stream, or tiny foaming fall Storing its waters in some clear dark pool O'erhung by dryad's-hair, epacris flowers, With tremulous peals of scarlet white-tipped bells, While mossy-green in sheltered nooks there glow The feathery fronds of lycopodium rare. Oft sits he down to take his evening meal Beside a spring where bell-birds tinkle soft, The kookooburra laughs, and gorgeous flights Of gay Blue Mountain parrots screeching pass With blue, green, scarlet plumage, seeming oft As if some brilliant flowers had taken wing. Sometimes the kangaroos quite tamely bound Before his path, and quail and plovers rise From 'neath his feet to yield him passing sport; Or, in the eve, sad curlew's wailing cry, Like prisoned spirits grieving in the gloom O'er day's departure and earth's shadowing doom. One day, when at his weariest, bursts a scene, Glorious, refreshing, on the traveller's eyes, Resembling, though lovelier than, wild Govett's Leap— Atween two sandstone giant cliffs appears* An inland sea of mountains stretching far In undulating billows deeply blue— With here and there a gleaming crest of rock— Surging in stillness, vanishing in space, Seeming more liquid in the distance vague, Transparent melting, till the last faint ridge Blends with clear ether in the azure sky. A wide expanse of valley!—Somewhere here In this great bay of mountain-rippled blue Must lie the home he seeks. He strains his eyes To search for cultured spot; but not a sign Can utmost sight discern. But what that sound? A human footstep in the bush, behind! Quickly young Alfier turns. There watching stands A blackfellow, clad in blanket that scarce hides His lanky ebon limbs. "Go' mornin, sare; White man 'e likee budgery lookout dere? Boro pleeceman long, can speakee well!" "I want to go down there, how can I get? Tuomy take me?" "Baal he go that way! Boro go round, baal tumble him down straight! He often go long way, a down big hill, To takee thing to white man; sit down dere In gunyah wid him gin and piccaniny, And speakee no one more ten-finger year. ALFIER (aside). This seems a ray of light—must be the same! A white man, wife, and children living years Alone! “Now, Boro, show where white man live!” BORO. “Baal, baal! Budgery whiteman say me 'hush-sh-sh!’ No showee no-one where him sit down dere.” ALFIER. “I his friend—no he mind me; I give Boro much baccy!” A few moments more The savage ponders, faithful to his trust, Yet sorely tempted; but at last he signs Consent reluctant, and the twain set forth To travel for long days. Each hour more clear Does Alfier feel that sure success is near, And at the thought his spirit rises high. At night they camp beside a blazing fire, Lighted by grass-sticks rubbed together dry: And in the day-time riding, or in turns Leading the horse adown some rocky pass; Boro the while talking in lingo quaint: Recounting his deeds when in the “Native Force” He tracked bushrangers, hunted hostile tribes Who threatened squatters' safety; telling, too, Of white man's piccaninies—Missie May Who taught him “muchee English,” told him how The good God made the world. And at the name An eerie pleasure runs through Alfier's veins, The yearning of his heart for women soft Forming a home once more, the boy-love still For mother, sister, aching in lone depths, Now centres in the future. For himself E'en more than for his mission's sake he longs To see the Alice of his father's tale, And greet the long-sought Mabel. Oft he tries To gain description from the savage lips, And when he hears of “big eye, budgery hair, Like walla-walla (rain), that makee light As golden money”—in his fancy draws The youth some picture of a beauteous maid Blushing and gentle like her mother sweet. The last night closes in. But few hours more, And then the goal is reached! The morrow's sun Shall bring fulfilment of the cherished hope, That long desired and ever vanishing seems Dream-like in unreality. Yet now Almost within his sight his father's friend, —The link with his far youth—lives, moves, and breathes In actual being. Eager to onward haste, But little slumber Alfier knows that night, As, restless watching for the morn, he lies Beside the fire that casts weird flickering light Upon the wild bush scene; the pale-armed trees Standing like shades in purgatorial glare. At times he sleeps. But haunted then by dreams, Born of excited brain, one moment stands At foot of some great hill whose peak seems near, Yet as he upward mounts, still loftier looms, And though he toiling climbs, aye, mocking pointed Ever and ever higher. Then there comes A vision of a fairy-land wherein Fair Mab is Queen, and he the wooing prince, And the warm firelight to half-waking eyes Appears like gilded sunshine beaming through Their twain-ruled magic kingdom. Giving place To tantalising nightmare like to life— The ignus fatuus born of morbid mists— He seems to chase an ever-flying form That now is far away, then closer gleams Within his very grasp. He stretches forth An anxious hand to clasp what verily feels At last his hard-won prize. But no! again It slips beyond his reach! Pursue he must Some power compels him, still with fruitless hope For evermore—till wrought excitement breaks The anguish of his dream. Trembling he wakes, Fearing that vision may too truly prove A foretaste of the real. No more to sleep Save for a few sweet moments, when as knight Long-errant, seeking with brave mercy-acts To win the glory-meed, he sees through light Of melting gold, a blood-red aureoled glimpse Of that desire of purest chivalry, The utmost quest—the awful Holy Grail! Quivering with bliss, the boy-knight lifts his eyes To view the rich-hued joy—no mystic Grail, But the real day- god, that mid roseate clouds Gilded with hope rises to lead him forth Unto his quest’s fulfilment. * View from the Weatherboard. 