FICTION.' (Fran BuglUb, AaNicini and other Perlo-rUcAl*.) A LEAP 11 THE DARK; OB, WEDDED YET N0 WIFE. BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER I. DUKE MASON'S ADVENTURE. Duke Mason had lost his way There could be no doubt about it As he passed in perplexity and gazed around him, five struck sharply from the distant Speckhaven churches, clearly heard through the still frosty air, and at 5 IO theexpress train from London leftSpeckhavenstation Only ten minutes to spare, and completely lost and bewildered, a stranger m Lincolnshire, and with not a sotios of whereabouts he might be now Mr. Mason paused with a face of disgust at his own stupidity, and looked about him Westward lay the fens and marshes melting drearily away into the low gray sky, eastward spread tbe wide sea, a bleak blast sweeping icily up, with all the chill of the German Ocean m its breatb, and north and south, the dismal waste land stretched away treeless, houseless, unspeakably forlorn and deserted The month was .March, the day the 25tb Was Duke Mason likel} to forget the date of that memorable day, when he lost his way, and the romance of his life began P For seven and twenty years his life had gone on, as flat, as dull, as uneventful as those flat marshes that lay on every side of him as gray and colorless aa yonder cold griy sea, and on this twenty-fifth of March, wending his way at leisure, to catch the express train for London, and mistaking the road, an adven- ture so sisgular and romantic befell him, as to almost atone for those hopelessly stupid and respectable ?even and twenty years The abort March day was darkening already The yellow wintry sun had dropped out of sight down there behind the fens and sand hills, sky and sea were both of the same cold gray, except where one long yellow lme westward marked the sombre sun- set "It reminds one of Byron s poetry," thought Mr Mason, who, being an artist in a very Bmall way, had an eye for atmosphenc effects, lead-colored sea, melting into lead-coloured sky-dull yellow glim- mer westward Flat marshes, and wet fens, sea-fog creeping up, and solitary individual m foreground, gazing moodily at the creeping gloom Fve seen worse things on the line, in the academy, and hun- dreds of people agape with admiration, only unhap- pily this sort of thing ia much more attractive in oil or water colors, than m reality, at five o'clock of a cold March evening, without a house or a soul near, and just too late for the train I wonder where I am 111 try on a little way, and find out if I can, without going round to the town " Mr Mason gave up contemplating tbe general Byronic aspect of the scene, and west forward on hu lonely road He was mounting the ruing ground sow, and in ten minutes more stopped again and knew exactly where he was. " The Grange, by all that's mysterious m he ex- claimed aloud, " and five miles from the station if an inch What as ass I must have been, to be sire, to take the wrc ng turning, when I've been along here fifty times daring the last fortnight " It looked like the end of the world A high stone wall rose up abruptly, barring all further progresa two massive stone gates frowned darkly on all observers Within rose the waviug trees of a pirk, and in their midst you caught eight -if tall chim- neys and the peaked gables of a red brick mansion Duke Mason had come upon the Grange in tbe spectral twilight of the March day, and the Grange was that most awful habitation "a haunted house " It was a weird seene and hour He was perhaps as matter-of-faet and unimaginative a young man as yon will easily find, but Duke's skm turned to " goose flesh" as he stood and thought of the awful stones he had heard of yonder solitary mansion among the trees. It was so deathfully still-it was like the en- chanted castle of the Sleeping Beauty, only far more grim, else the bandeóme young prince had never summoned up courage to enter , it was like a huge mausoleum, no smoke curled up from the great twisted chimne}S, no dog barked, no sound ut the moaning of tbe wind among the treeB broke the ghastly silence " And yet people eat, and drink, and sleep there," mused Mr Mason, " and it's moie dismal and more dead than the tomb of the Pharaohs And they say there's a lady shut up there as lovely as all the houns of Mahomet's paradise If a fellow could only get in there now, and see for himself " The young man looked wistfully at the frowning gates, at the solid masonry, as be had many a time looked and longed before You have read bow African travellers brave burning winds, sandy deserts, fever and plague, to return to that fatal and fascinating land once they have seen it Some such irresistible witchery did this lonely, haunted house bold over this very commonplace young man from London. Day after day he had come hither asd sketched the grim stose walls, the massive gates, the tos- sing trees, and the peaked gables, but no sign of life bad he ever seen, no glimpse of the Sleeping Beauty, bidden away in its deselate walls, had he ever ob- tained The place was known as Lyndith Grange, and like sweet Thomas Hood's Haunted House, lay " Coder wine prodigious ban of exeommanloation. Two hundred odd years ago, before this gray March gloaming, in the days when gentlemen wore velvet doublets and slim rapiers, and pinked their neighbors under the fifth rib for very little provocation, there dwelt in yonder silent mansion, a fierce old warrior, woo had brought home to the Grange a pale, pensive young bride, as fair as a lily and almost as drooping. Inside those walls tbe honeymoon had been spent, and then Sir Mallee went forth to fight for his king, and the pale bride was left alone And then, the legend ran, of a fair haired, handsome cavalier, who made his way through the ponderous doors, of a servant's betrayal, of a fiery husband returning, full of jealous wrath, of a duel to the death in one of those oaken rooms, and of the handsome cavalier falling wibi a sword thrust through tus heart at the frantic lady's feet-of a mad woman shut up to shriek her miser- able life away m those same dismal rooms, and of a stern old general who fell at the head of his men And the fair-haired cavalier, and the lady with the wild streaming bair and woful face, haunted (said the legend) Lyndith Grange to the present day. No \- one lived in the place long, for certain, whether it was the ghosts, or the damp, or the loneliness that drove tbem away, and things gradually fell to decay, and the Lyndith family left the Grange to the rats and the spectres, and its own bad name for many and many a long year. But two years before this especial evening upon which Mr. Mason stands and scrutinizes it, the neighbouring town of Speckhaven was thrown into commotion by the news that the Grange was occu- pied at last. Furniture had come down from London-two ser- vants-a bard-featured old woman, and a stolid boy, liad purchased things m the town and brought them to the Orange. And m the silvery dusk of a May evening * tall gentleman-dark and grim-had been driven with a slender lady, closely veiled, to the haunted house from the Speckhaven station. After that, for three or four weeks, no more was known of those mysttnous people or their doings. Tbey were still at the Grange, but no one visited them ; tbeir very names were unknown, the great gates were always locked and bolted, and the hard featured old woman and stolid boy kept their mas- i tor's secrets well and told no tales I One stormy June night, as Br. Worth sat in his parlor, in the bosom of his family, slippered and dressing-gowned, thanking his gods that the work of that day was ended, there came such a thunder- ing knock at the front door, and directly after such «yeal st the office bell as made the chief physician <if Speckhaven spring to his feet and grind some- thing suspiciously like an oath between his teeth. " Ifs a lady took sudden and uncommon bad," his servant announced, " which the gentleman says bia carriage is at the door, and you're to come im t mediate, if you please, sir." Dr. Worth groaned, the rain was pouring, the night «ras dark as the regions of Pluto, and his ten o'clock glass of punch stood there untasted, and his bed all ready. In five minutes, coated and hatted, he joined the gentleman waiting in the passage. He had de elined-to enter. " I took a sharp look at the fellow, sir," Dr. Worth always said when relating this marvellous story, and it was a story he was very fond, indeed, of relating. " I had a sort of presentiment, if you'll believe me, .yen then, that there was something wrong about this sudden call. None of my lady patients were likely to be ' took sudden and uncommon bad.' YouBee that account could only appl} to one interest- ing class of patients, and I scrutinized my gentleman keenly as he stood in the passage. But his broad brimmed bat was slouched over his nose, and his overcoat collar so turned up that I could see nothing but a luxuriant crop of black whiskers and a cruelly aquiline nose." " Who's the lady, sir t" brusquely dmanded Dr. Worth. " No patient of mine, I know. And what's the matter ?" " For Heaven's sake, don't stop to talk now '" exclaimed the gentleman " We'»e five miles to go, and the road is beaatly. I'll tell you as we dnv e alone." The doctor hastened after him to the carnage-a handsome landeau and pair-and the driver whirled them off directly. Only once during that night drive, through the pouring rain and inky darkness, did tbe stranger open hie lips "We are going to Lvndith Grange, and the case is what you medical men call an interesting one, I be- lieve. I have only one request to make-that is, that you will talk of this matter as little aa possible. I will double, treble, quadruple your fee" And then silence fell. "And} ou might have knocked me down without a feather when I heard our destination," says Doctor Worth, when he tells the story, and he tells it to this day with the greatest gusto. " I was to visit the Haunted Grange, see the mysterious lady, and get my fee quadrupled. Not speak of it, vudeed-I who never had an adventure in my life. It was teeming, a clear case of cats and dogs, but what would a water-apout have mattered now ?" They reached the Grange-the ponderous gates flew open-they whirled up a long avenue and stopped A minute later and the doctor, at the heels of his leader, was traversing draughty corridors and endlees suites of dreary rooms At the door of an apartment, in a long, chill hall, the mysterious gentleman halted. " Your patient is here, doctor," he said, impres- sively. " Use all y>ur skill to-night. Remember, the lady must be saved '" And then he held the door open for the doctor to enter, closing it immediately, and Dr Worth found himself in a vast room, all oak flooring, oak pannel ing, massive old furniture, and a huge curtained bed in the centre of the room, big enough and gloomy enough for a sarcophagus. A wood fire burned m one of the tiled fireplaces-a couple of wax candles made specks of light in the darkness, and the hard featured old woman sat in a chair, sewing on little garments by the wan light. At half-past ten Dr. Worth entered that room At half-past two he left it The old woman held a fe- male infant, this time in her arms, and daring all those hours the Speckhaven doctor had never once seen the face of his patient. The heavy silken cur- tains shaded her in deepest gloom, and her face had been persistently turned from him and buried in the pillows. She seemed very young-on the delicate left hand a wedding ring shone, mosses of golden hair fell like a veil over her-the voice in which once or twice she answered him was sweet and fresh-beyond that all was guesswork. The man, still hatted and overcoated, was pacing up and down the long hall when the doctor came forth " Well F" he asked, in a voice of suppressed in- tensity. " Well," rephed Doctor Worth, rather shortly, " it is well. The lady's ' as well as cas be expected,' and the baby's about the size of a full-grown wax doll." " And she is sure to live ?" "That depends upon which 'ehe'youmean. They're both shes If you mean the lady--" " The lady, of course !" said the gentleman, angrii} and haughtily. " The lad}'a all right, then, with common care, but I wouldn't like to stake my reputation upon the baby's exiBtence Still, as it's a girl, and taking the natural obstinacy and contrariness of the sex irto consideration, I daresay it will insist upon living also m spite of nature and its present Lilliputian proportions. I'll return to-morrow, of course, and-" "And, with all deference to you, sir, you'll do nothing of the sort. You'U return no more. Here's your fee-I think you'll find it ample. My man will drive you back to town, and the less you say of this night's work the better." In another balf-hour the Speckhaven doctor was again is the bosom of his family, the richer by fifty guineas for his four hours' work. And just two week's later the mysterious inhabi- tants of the Grange vanished as suddenly and strangely as they had come, and the old house was gives over again to the murdered cavalier and mad lady. i or nearly two yeais, and then again, as unexpec- ted!} as before, a tall gentleman came down by the London tram, bringing a elim, veiled lady and same two servants back. The gentleman left the lady and returned by the next train, and who they might be, and whether they were ths same, and what they could mean by such unaccountable going3 on, all waa conjecture m the town of Speckhaven. This was two months before this twent}-fifth of March on which Duke Mason stands and gazes, and no one had penetrated the secret, or seen the lady yet. If he only could be the man. He had wished the same wish at least a score of times, and nothing had come of it. , On this evening Destiuy had made up her mind to let bim have his way. As he stood there m the gloaming, he hea-d for the first time, voices and footsteps within. His heart gave a leap. The footsteps were approaching, the voices drawing near, carriage-wheels ground over the gravelled avenue. " You'll need to drive fast, Joaeph,"88id a woman's voice. " You haven't ten minutes to get to the sta- tion, and it's as much as your place is worth to keep the master waiting " " Don't I know that-hang 'em !" responded a sulky voice, " a string o' oaths fit to sink a ship if : a chap's balf-a- quartjr of a second behind time. I tell you what, Misses Grimshaw, the wages is good, I don't deny, but I'll be jiggered if I can stand this life much longer Newgate s a pallis 'longsid of it ' The sound of bolts withdrawing, of a key turning slowly m a rusty lock, warned the listener they were about to appear Duke Mason darted behind one of the huge buttresses-the falling darkness screen- ing him as well He could see quite plainlj, himself unobserved A heavy -featured groom drove out in a two wheeled chaise, and an elderly, thin faced woman stood looking after him, and swinging a huge key "Look hore, Joseph,' she said, ' I wish jou'd lock the gate, and take the key with you , I've the master's dinner to get, and j ou know how particular he is, and it's nigh on a quarter of a mile's walk down here from the house, and it's no good fetching me down again when you're coming back Just lock the gate on the outside, Joseph, will you, and take the key along " She inserted the key on the outside, and burned rapidly up the avenue out of the cold, shutting the gate before she went. Joseph looked stolidly at the closed gates " I've left it unlocked afore, and no harm came of it, and I arn't going to get down now If there never was a lock on this old rat-trap, people would run a mile sooner than venture m, and wery right they is, I'll be back in an hour, and arn't goin' to get out to do it, and save your old bones, Mother Grim- shaw " With wbicb Joseph gathered up the reins, and gave the horse his head, and trotted off Duke Mason emerged, his breath fairly taken away with surprise and delight. At last ' There stood the gates unlocked and un- bolted, and the way to the hidden princess was clear He drew the key from the key-hole, opened the massive gate cautiously, drew it after him again, and in the chill gray of the March evening stood within the grounds of the Haunted Grange. 