LOCAL AND' GENERAL NEWS. Crowded Out. — Owing to a very heavy press of important matter, we are compelled to hold over till next issue correspondence with re ference t.o the Glen Morison diggings and other items of importance. Ai'i'MCATiojf fok Billiard and Bagatelle Licensks. — The following has been issued in the form of a,cjrcular to the various benches of magistrate's throughout the colony : — ' As great misunderstanding exists with respect to billiard and bagatelle licenses, the observance of the followitis rules will save, both to this clcnart mont and others concerned, much inconvenience and delay : ; 1. That the licenses ave granted by the Colonial Treasurer only. 2. That the licenses are granted only on production of tho written permissions of the Bench of Magistrates of the district, which must bo applied for, and presen ted wilh the license fees. 3. That the liceuses are not renewable by the production of the old licenses, as in the case of publicans' licenses, but that fresh permissions must e.ieli time be ob tained from the Bench. 4. That the licenses expire on the liOth June each year. 5. That tho license foes arc not charged proportionately, tlie full amount being payable for a year or any portion thereof.- 0. That the licenses are perso nal and cannot be transferred. The Treasury, New South Wales, 2nd .rune, 187:?.'' Facilities fok Siiii'L'ing. — We clip the fol lowing from U\e official report of the Commis sioner for litiilways. How far the statements made in this extract are reliable, we leave our readers to judge. JN'o doubt, if there were no delays consequent on the adjusting of vessels to the position of the cranes, tl'10 statements might be correct ; but, all tho attendant circumstances are considered, we can only look at what is said here as throwing dust in the eyes of the public : — The bulk of the coal is shipped from the Queen's Wharf, at Newcastle, which extends 2'A'iO feet along the southern side of the harbour. On this wharf, at the end of 1805, seven steam cranes had been erected. In July, 18(i!-, tha eighth crane was added to the list. This crnnc was erected principally for the use of steam col liers, which have a preference over sailing ves sels. Many complaints have been made of tho injustice of this preference ; but as the money was voted on the Supplementary Estimates for lS(i7 'for the creel ion of a steam-crane for the specific accommodation of steam colliers at !New castle,' nothing, I fear, short of an Art of Par liament, can alter the conditions on which this crane was erected. These cranes are capable of shipping 4000 tons per day. In addition to the cranes, new coal-staiths have been erected on thi! site of the old Bunvood shoots, at a cost of £30,000. They commenced work in December, 1870, and in December following, wore; lot to a contractor, who agrued to ship at three farthings per ton less than is charged at the steam-cranes. Those stailhs arc capable of shipping from 2000 to 3000 tons per day ; and though the facilities for shipment are now equal to the demand, pre parations are in progress for increasing the ex tent of siding accommodation for the growing requirements of the traffic. The coal is shipped for the various companies by Ihe Government, one charge being made for haulage and shipping. Tho rates are regulated by the distance from Newcastle; ; but tho minimum rate charged is lOd. per ton. Sale or K.\URt Pine. — Ifr. T\ Gardner an nounces that he will sell by auction, on tho steamers' wharf, on Tuesday next, at eleven o'clock. 150.000 feet of IGmr: liino. Newcastle School ok Arts. — A general meeting of the members of this institution is to bo held in the temporary reading room, at the Markets, on Tuesday evening next, at ck?ht; o'clock, to adopt measures for UiC'eveetion of new buildings, and for the selection of a design for the same. It is to be hoped there will be n full attendance, and a design chosen that will not only be useful, but creditable to our city. Tjieatke Eoval. — This house re-opens this evening, when Mr. \V. A. Chapman, tho cele brated wizard, aud anti- spiritualist, will perform some of his wonders, the first of which is entitled, ' a man sealed up in a sackful of ghosts.' Mr. Fred Jfillicr will also introduce some of the latest comicalities of the day. The entertainment is a most attractive one and will, without doubts draw a large audience, each night of performance. Khchaiiites' Hall, Lamiitos. — The grand bazaar on behalf of the new Jtecliabites' Hall, Lnmbton, will take place 011 Tuesday next. There are about 2000 prizes to be raffled for, some of which are very valuable, and to obtain them a small investment of only one shilling and sixpence is asked. Artillery Band.— By permission of Captain Holt, tho Volunteer Artillery Band will perform, on the ground attached to the Asylum for for Imbeciles, this (Saturday) afternoon, Juno 21st, at 3 o'clock sharp, the following pro gramme :— 1. Grand Parade March, by Giinolen; 2\. Tho Banting Quadrilles, Marriotte ; 3. Eosa Polka, Kiihner; 4. Quick Step (Shades of Evening), J. M. Gates ; 5. Fair Gertrude Valse, Vandervell ; G.Isabella Schotlischo, Streak; 7\. Huntsman's Chorus, from Der Freischutss, Weber ; 8. England Gallop, J. M. Gates ; God Save the Queen. The Stbkets. — Tho recent heavy weather has had the effect of damaging, to a great extent, many of tho streets within the boundary of tho municipality. Although, as far as the CityWard is concerned, very little injury has been occasi oned to any of tho thoroughfares, the outer wards have not escaped damage. In the vicinity of the Junction, Kenrick-street has been com pletely cut up, and is rendered almost impass able, owing to the accumulation of the water which has lodged in the various ruts in the road way. Some improvements in this quarter aro absolutely necessary to prevent accidents occur ring. The South Sea Cuuiositie?.— We aro in formed that Mr. Mullen, yesterday, added to his already fine collection of coral and shells, some beautiful specimens, of the former, making the number up to fifty pieces, those added being of a very superior quality, and are now on exhibi tion at Miss Walker's Drapery establishment. The list of subscribers is fast filling up, and an oarly application for tickots is therefore necessary. Newcastle Permanent Investment and Building Society.— The usual monthly meet ing of this society was held in the offices, Xing street, on Tuesday cyeniug. £275 0s. lid. was paid in for subscriptions. Mr. F. Ash was tho receiving director. The New Post-office. — It will bo seen, by our other columns, that this building was opened yosterday, by the Hon. G. A. Lloyd. The busi ness is now transacted at the new building, and the old post-office, in Watt-street, is closed. Bise in the Pbice of Co-l.— An advertise ment appears in our columns which unnouuees that, on and after the 14th July next, the price of coal is to he raised to 14s. per ton for best screened, and 13s. for unscreened, This rise, according to tho sliding-scale, will give the miner an advance of Is. per ton for getting. The Asvlum Gbounds. — The grounds of the Asylum for Imbeciles are Ben to the public every alternate Saturday »-\v7atherrpe'cmittingj the band of toe Volunteer Artillery, perfora^on Sons of Temperance. — Tho quarterly meet ing of the members of the Day Dawn Division, JNo. 5, was held on Tuesday evening last, when the following officers were clnclcd for the ensu ing six months : — W.P., Mr. David Gow; W.A., Mr. Edwin Ford ; li. S., Mr. W. L. Kidd ; J{. K. H., Mr. E. H. Smith ; F. S., Mr. H.Wells; Secretary, Mr. Thome ; Chaplain, Mr. F. Tur ton ; and Assistant Conductor, Mr. Donald Gow. Junction Bank. — This '? band, which was formed some nine months since, has been en abled, under tho couductorship of Mr. J. M. Gates, to appear in public recently. Although the playing on the occasion vras not the host wo hare heard, we nevertheless must admit that the members acquitted themselves very credit ably. 'Die greatest deficiency whichj^hc band appears to be subjected to is tho absence of a good cornet player, but it is to be hoped that this want will, be supplied before long. Half-yeakly Inspection. — On Monday next, tlie half-yearly inspection of the Volunteer Ar^ tillery and Itifle companies, in this city, will be held, before Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, commandant of the Volunteer Force. Should the weather prove favourable, there will probably be a large muster of both corps at the inspec tions, which are to take place at tho companies' respective parade grounds. We believe that tho parade of the Hides corps is to tuke place at St. John's ground, at one o'clock sharp, whilst the inspaction for the Artillery is fixed for a later hour in the afternoon. Newcastle Grammar School. — The usual half-yearly distribution of prizes took place at this school ou Wednesday evening. The Eev. L. Tyrrell, of East Maitland, who had kindly acted as examiner, read out the marks, and pre sented books to the successful competitors. First class : Prize not awarded. Second class : A. Cusack. Third class : B. Swcelknd. Fourth class: L. J. Hill. French. — First prize: George 1'rby. Second prize : Alfred Millard. English Dictation. — First division : Frederic Irby. Se cond division : B. Swcetland. Music : F. Irby. Drawing : Not awarded. Maps, during half year. — J:'irst division : C. II. Cox. Second divi sion : F. Loder. A special prize was also given i'orShnkspeare's 'Julius Ciesar,' which had been rend during the half-year. The questions were set bj* the .Key. John Shaw, of Scone, who awarded the prize to A. Cusack. A Curious Discovery. — A curious discovery is reported to have been made on Kangaroo Is land, near D'Estree Bay. Some persons have found there a thick liquid like tar exuding from the rocks, and the spot was quickly secured as a mineral claim. Tho ufliiir haying become knowu, the ground all around was taken up by gentle men well known in Adelaide and Port Adelaide. The stuit* has been reported upon by persons considered competent to give an opinion upon it, and they state it is of value, and probably indi cates the existence of co.1l beneath. — S. A. Ad vertiser. The New Divorce Court.— His Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court, and Primary Judge in Equity, has been ottered and has accepted the appointment of Judge under the Matrimonial Causes Act of 3S73, the first session of the new court commenc ing on the 1st proximo. — Kvenhuj Ifews. The Female Lajjouk Question in Victoiiia. — Messrs. Morrow and Parry, wholesale clothing manufacturers, of Melbourne, have had written and printed some statistical and other informa tion bearing upon the female labour question. The pamphlet was printed more c.wcssly to aid the Legislature in considering Mr. W. C. Smith's bill for shortening the hours of female labour. There are 205 women employed by the firm. This number includes one girl, ten years old ; two, eleven years ; three, twelvo years ; two, thirteen years ; twenty, fourteen years. Out of 108 girls below the age of tweuty-one, only two are living at lodgings ; the rest reside with their parents. The average working day is 7-.', hours. The following reasons aro {{iven by the firm for the preference given by girls for factory work rather than domestic service :— 1st. That thoy are more independent. 2nd. That they have their Sabbaths, Saturday afternoons, holidays, and evenings to themselves. 3rd. That thbv can live with their parents, relatives, or friends. ?1th. That they were never brought up to do mestic labour. The experience of the firm over a number of years, as employers of female labour, proves that young girls prefer learning to work a 'machine' to being taught hand:sevring (or piece-wook). The reason they give for the pre ference is simply this, that when tho factory closes their day's work is ended. — H. M. HeraM. An English Elevk.v for Australia.— Tho AiutnUwtiun, of the 14th instant, says : — A some what pruinaturc report in reference to the abovo subject having found its way into the columns of one of the daily papers, we deem it only right to our readers to place before them the exact position of the negotiations that have taken place with Mr. W. G. Grace, and which it was consi dered advisable, for obvious reasons, to keep as private as possible until the negotiators wero able to give the public the assurance that all the arrangements were complete for the visit of ano ther team of English cricketers to Australia. Upon tho failure of last year's committee to come to terms with Mr. Grace, a well-known cricketer determined to make another effort to elleet the desirod consummation) and with th'i object, communicated with Mr. E. A. Fitzgerald, the secretary of the Marylebimo Cricket Club. Thanks to the warm support accorded to the scheme by Mr. Fitzgerald, who placed himself at once en rapport with Mr. Grace, the affair was well taken up, and a letter was rccoired by last mail from the latter gentleman, stating the terms upon which he ' would bring with him an Eng lish eleven, composed of gentlemen and profes sionals, to play ten matches in Australia.' These terms have been submitted to an influential body of well- known supporters of the game hero, who have made a counter proposal to Mr. Grace by letter last mail, and thore the matter rests at present. If Mr. Grace accepts the terms offered him, he will have to submit the names of his team for approval before the afl'uir can bo considered finally arranged. In his letter (dated Mareh 20th), Mr. Grace'' says : — ' As far as I am concerned, the present year is tho last in which there will be the slightest chance of my ever leaving England on such a trip, as my studies for the profession of a surgeon will be completed this year, and I shall immediately settle down and prootice, and have to give up cricket. I havo endeavoured, in the oiler I havo made, to simplify and bring to a minimum the oosts attending the getting. to- gether a team, still making it my first thought and desire to obtain suoh an eleveu as will do honour to the national game with which my name has been so largely associated for some time past.' Mr. Grace states it would be utterly impossible to get together a full team of amateur players, but proposes to bring four or live gentle men with him. Should all go well, Mr. Grace and his confr&res; will come out by th« P. and O. Company's steamer leaving Southampton next October, arriving here about the ICtn Decem ber, and will return by the March mail. The first mutch will be played in Melbourne on Box ing Day and following days. 