HOCUS-POCUS AND SPIRITISM. "communicated. 1 After having discussed with my friend B the various provincial regulations of India, tho subject growing rather dry, I asked him if he had seen the basket trick performed by tho Indian jugglers. " Yes, twonty times," ho answered, and then proceeded to de- scribe the performance, which, although sir old, may bear yet another repetition. L must promise that B, having scon tho trick so often, and being unable to solvo tho problem, and having offered pretty heavy bribes to the performers at various times for an explanation of tho phenomenon, but without < success, (latterly, when tlio juggler presented himself at tho "com- pound," had all his trustworthy re tainers and friends stationed at intervals round tho scene of operations to try and do- tect tiro modus operandi. The performers were tho muntra-walla or juggler, a man. beating the tom-tom or drum, and tho girl. Tho two men woro no clothing but the brecch- elotb. Tho basket was minutely examined, immediately before and after the exhibi tion. The ground on which it was given was formed of hard smooth gravel, with no shrub or other object within twenty yards of the actors. B's friends and servants formed a cordon round tiro central . group just clear of tiro shrubs, so as to have an unbroken view of tiro whole business and of each other round the circle. The girl was then enclosed in a net like a large onion bag, wbich was tied at the neck, and in this condition tilaced in the basket. The sworil was provided by B himself, a large sharp instrument of his own — no hollow-handled affair, but a real practical weapon. Tlio drum- beater was seated on tbo ground, not any nearer to tho basket than was B and a few friends: all within tho circle of watchers. The juggler recites somo incantations, anil then, jumping on tho top of the basket, repeatedly plunges tbo sword through its wicker work and ap parently into the body of the girl. Blood comes from the basket unto the ground, tho girl shrieks, and shortly, from the ces sation of movement and noise, appears to bo dead. Tho juggler then feigns appre hension, lest lio should be punished for his apparent crime. Tho basket is opened, and tho girl not to be seen. As is usual, sho is then perceived in the distance coming to wards the party. None of B's scouts havo ever been ablo to detect the precise point at; which she first rc-appears. Colonel Stoddaco presented an inferior representation of tho performance in London, but his method was explicable on mechanical grounds, somewhat similar to Pepper's ghost: and tho - singing head. But tho thorough examination of tho basket, and tho open nature of tho ground, preclude any such solution of tbo original Indian trick. B narrated many other extraordinary tilings whieh ho had often seen done by these men. The tree? growing performance he thus describes - The juggler, ou tho gravelled compound, scrapes together a little loose dirt, and places the kernel or seed to ho operated oil in it. I do not remember whether or nob B supplied the seed. However, after water ing the little heap of soil, tho juggler covered it over with a conical basket,, opened at each end, which -.van closely examined before it was placed over tho seed by B. Then every one withdrew a few yards from the spot. After a few minutes, on lifting the basket, tho kernel was found to be sprouted a fow inelros , a little move water was added, and tlio basket replaced. I forgot to statu that the usual incantations preceded the performance. The troo now lifted tiro basket off tbo ground, tho juggler took off liis lireecn-clotli, shook it out well, and taking off the basket, replaced it by throwing the cloth over tho fast-increasing tree. In a short timo tlio elotli was taken away, and a miniature tree,, covered with ripe fruits, was presented to view. Of course many questions occur on ' subsequent rellcction on these curious ex hibitions. To ono amongst tlioso occurring to mc at the time, B said lio had, when the performance was over, pulled tho tree up by tbo routs, and thus satisfied liimsolf of tlie real nature of the thing. The muutra- wallas, 11 said, were held in dread by all tho castes ot sects of India. Brahmins, , Jlussuhncn, Hindoos, all alike entertain, a lively horror of tho muntra-walla. Ono most singular peculiarity the class have is, thattlic crows will dart down on their heads and peek at them. Thu dogs give vent to a most unearthly howl when they como near. To protect themselves from the birds they carry a stick, whieh they wave over their heads when they are near. The rest of tho population fear their curse as ono of tlie greatest possible calamities. Now, notwith standing Lccky's History of Rationalism in Europe, aud tiro claims of positivism as tho only resource of enlightened humanity, may it still ho predicated of India that sho is .one of the dark places of the earth, where tho occult power of evil assumes a visible form. . You ridicule tlio idea, ihy worthy sceptical friends. Why, do I not 'see you supporting, as reported in this day's paper, another phase of an apparently similar motive power? Is ill's. Gitppy's flight more rea sonable than the juggler girl's movements ? Cultivating the " power of disengagement. " X. QU3|7bim jUtllilLlliij U11U li ItU vlUvtllv Ugtk for " moro light." W.H.G. A ntETTV girl lately entered a saloon at Dubuque, la., kicked over a table, drew a revolver on tho bor-tcudur, and led her father out by the car. 