HIS OWN EXECUTOR. , (from chambers' journal.) IS TWENTY- FOUR CHAPTERS. CHAPTER m. — A REPENTANT FATHER. Procul had cot proposed to himself to entertain his nrwly-fouud son at dinner ; indeed, he fathsr intended to put the boot on the other leg, as the saying is ; bnt wisely iudene him to be youth of rather unpaucttal habits, he did not count with any certainty on seeing him again tbe same day ; and that was fortunate, for he didn't see anything more of him for a fortnight. Indeed, Procol had already began to regard his visit as a vision, or a hoix, or something that had nothing in common with his present troubles ; for he was now getting so ex tremely hard np, that if the most for midable ghost foil made its appearance in his chambers, he would have probably have asked it if it had any objection to giving him a three months' bill for a hundred and fifty. And yet what had happened was no delusion, for Procul, finding himself in the City, intend on some unpleasant financial business, looked in at tbe offices of Messrs. Campion and Cromwell, the ship-brokers, and fonnd that they had not the slightest doubt but that the young man was exactly what he bad represented himself to be. He had mentioned to Mr. Cromwell certain circumstances connected with the voyage out that had convinced him of his identity with their runaway apprentice ; besides, he had 'offered to pay any compensation they might like to ask for tbe loss of his services ; and when this offer was declined, he had proposed to stand a dozen of champagne. And what sinister motive conld a man . have for identifying hinraalf with a runaway apprentice % Although Porldngton had, npon the spur of the moment, decided ou claiming relationship with Harry Butt, yet he had not been altogether satisfied that he had done right Under more prosperous circumstances, he would have preferred that the whole affair might have remained in oblivion ; but now his needs were more pressing than any problematical dangers, and tbe idea of a son worth a hundred thousand or so cast a pleasant glow upon future prospects. Uneasiness, therefore, and expectancy predominated in Porkington's mind, and he had even thought of putting the matter into tbe hands of the authorities morning his anxieties were relieved by a visit from Mr. OrlandoCosticle. Mr.Pork- ington was urbane and accessible on principle — he never refused to see a visitor, even although a possible dun or creditor. Fair promises, and a sight of their debtor, calm and unruffled, often re store confidence to the breasts of sus picious traders. Probably, Mr. Orlando Costicle's business was disagreeable, still, it wouldn't mend by keeping. Orlando Costicle was of abont the same age as Poritington — that is, fifty or so, and in his way was as well preserved ; he was bald, indeed, save for a fringe of hair at the sides and back of his head ; and . his whiskers — they were carefully trimmed into a neat mutton-chop shape ; and his chin and upper lip cleanly, scrupulously shaved — his whiskers were gray, almost white ; bat there was a briskness about him, a jauntiness and elasticity of bearing,-4hal seemed to indi cate a man to whom age had given ex perience and wisdom, but who had not yet lost the energy and vigonr of maturity. This carefully balance ap pearance was, . however, in some degree contradicted by the lines of his month, which betrayed appertain amount of weakness, that not all the training of a professional life conld quite conceal "I must ' introduce mySelf" Mr. Costicle went on in a light : and airy manner, " as tbe representative of the parish of St. Cuthbert, a parish of which I daresay yon know-little, but which is not equally unmindful -of you. We have tbe honour, in our humble graveyard, to contain the bones of Sir Jasper Porkfog- ton, yonr distinguished ancestor." "Nay! I'm not. quite so unmindful of you, as you think, Mr. Costicle ; I've a particularly lively recollection of being asked for a contribution for tbe restora- tion oi my diEtingmsnea ancestors tomo, and I thought it rather hard, seeing that I didn't inherit any of his money." "Ah, you must come snd see us, Mr. Porkington, and- admire our . improve ments; you 'won't grudge us -any sub scription yon may have honoured as with. But my visit to-day is not paro chial ; iPe a sort of family matter. We have a young gentleman staying with us ; Syoung colonist— Mi. Butt" '-Tm gled he's in such good hands,, Mr. Costicle;" said ProcoV who really did feel relieved at the purport of the law yer's visit. " I was afraid . he had come to some harm. ? He.ieft me A fortnight ago, promising to retarn the same night, ' and i haye seen hotMng of . him sihii&f; ' : : thoughtless, indeed, of Wjr- Young jErifiridryeiy, Jboughtiess. So JifopQiy;:-pTO;;h present travelling— in 'the colonies, in- fact— would "leave ns sometimes -for ja whr'e week." " "We must remember what we were in our young days, Costicle — we fathers." " Ah, just so. Then I infer from that remark that my young - friend has in formed me correctly, and that he really is of distinguished parentage." " Look here, Costicle; the fact is jost this : in early life, I made a sad im prudent marriage, which I concealed from nfy friends. My poor wife died when the boy was a few years old, and I was in very low-water ; and, by the ad vice of a friend, I sent the lad to sea, when about seven years old, to harden him a bit. Well, the lad ran away, and I conld never, notwithstanding all my inquiries, make anything out Now, there are certain family reasons, apart from the scandal and so on, to which my public acknowledgment of the boy as my own wonld give rise, which render it de sirable that — in fact; that he shouldn't openly appear as my son. I needn't tell you that I'm on very unpleasant terms with part of my family, and that if they kuow that I should leave an heir, they would take care he Bhould be excluded from all share in the family settlements. And yet, of course, you know a father's feelings, Costicle : I should like tbe lad to come and live with me, and share my home ; and so on." jx veiy proper leeung, bit, said Costicle ; " bnt there are certain arrange ments." " I'm afraid I must go down to the Honse now," said PorkingtoD, looking at his watch. - "Can I set you down any where ?" . " Thank you ; no. I am going City wards ; but my — the object of this visit —in point of fact, our young friend has put his affairs entirely into my hands." " And I shall be glad to discuss them with yon some other day; but just now" — " Perhaps," said Orlando eagerly, "you would honour ub with your company at dinner, to talk over this matter I Say to-morrow at eight. Mrs. Costicle will 6end yon a card." "Oh, yon're very good. I shall have to put off the Duke of Grnffham. Yet, nevertheless, I'll come. Pat down the address, please, Anionic, and remind me that I dine to-morrow with Mr." "Costicle, of Costicle's Grove, Chel sea, ahem !" cried Orlando. " We shall be much honoured, sir. I have the pleasure of wishing yon good morning." Costicle went off highly delighted at having secured the Honorable Procul for his dinner-table. "How pleased Mrs. C. will be;" he said to himself ; " and how adroitly I managed it ! I'll ask Depnty Dibble to meet nun ; 1 11 tell him abont his put ting off the Duke of Gruffham. It will go down with the vestry, that, I think." Meantime, Porkington drove off in his cabriolet, bnt he did not go directly to Westminster ; he called first at a large honse in South Kensington, No. 173 Gulliver Terrace, and inquired for Lord Sertayne King. Hia lordship was at home, and would see Mr. Porkington in his stndy. _ Procul was shewn info a room on the second floor which looked over the mews at the back. The windows, however, were of ground glass, so that nothing was to be seen but tbe indistinct outline of low roofs and chimney- stacks. It was a cheerless-looking room, covered with a faded Turkey carpet, about which was scattered much cigar ash ; and it was famished with a leather- covered writing-table, on which rested a Buffs Guide, an old Army List, and the Bed- book for half-a-dozen years ago. A shabby old leathern easy-chair, and a few battered library chairs, completed the furniture of the room, which smelt powerfully of tobacco. This little room was the usual refage of Lord Sertayne King when, at periods of pecuniary exhaustion, he was driven perforce to the shelter of his own roof- tree. His wife, Lady Jane, who was of Scotch extraction, managed evervthinv there : all tbe money that supported their establishment was rigidly secured to her ; the furniture was hers, every thing in the house. Lord Sertayne was only a lodger in his own honse, though, indeed, he was hardly treated with the consideration that a lodger usually is. Imagine a lodger who is in arrears with his rent, and who relies npon his land lady for the supply of daily necessaries, and yon will form an idea of Lord Ser- tayne's position at 173 Gulliver's Ter race. " Ah, Procul, my boy," cried Lord Sertayne, " Pm glad to see ye. Come, sit down, and tell me what brings yon here.' Ye'll have something to drink V He tang the bell, and a servant ap peared. " Bring soda-water - and a bottle of brandy, do yon hear !" he cried fiercely. Presently, the man reappeared, having a covert grin on hisface. " Please, m' lord, my leddy sayB there's no soda-water in the hoose, and it's too soon for any brandy yet" " Here, go out, and . fetch some, do you hear|!" cried Lord Sertayne. " If your lordship '11 gie me the siller." " Here, Procul, fend me half a sove reign, will yont" - "Oh, hang it! Sfertayne, never mind the brandy. One doesn't want to be always drinking." " f'Away, Sandyt'. we'll have nothing to drink at alL" "Bnt, I say, Procul," said Lord Ser tayne, after the man had retired, "This iB "unendurable, isn't it 1" "You've stoodji a good while now, Sertayne." '"And why i Because I can't help it It's this want of money that cripples me. That's where she has me." "A very good thong too, Sertayne: yon wans Bomeoouy so.noia yon pretty tight" " But it's outof all conscience. - Why, what do you think— how do you think she serves me at dinner Bowes has his orders,, and when I have had my too glasses of sheny, he fills me np with foast-and-water. . Oh, it's, too .scahdalonA! ' "You get your board and lodgings, anyhow." "What Of that! Yon could get that in a workhonse," ... . JProcol laughed iiqartily. " Anyhow, ;it's good for your liver, Sertayne why, you look twice the man you did. And jour hands as ' steady as a bit of .steei, lidaresay. Do you play billiards much, nqw.f' . -: ;; f JSobqdy foflll- play with me," said Serteyhe .gloomily; "and they bar ine tpqlnow"ifa Fllhave a ifife -knocked off : And that I "can't Wand." " And how do you get on at ficartfi J" Sertayne shook his head. There's- nothing to be made out of that now ; fellows are too sharp. But hang it, Procol, you didn't come hereto talk oyer my affairs. What wickedness have you afoot now " " No wickedness at all ; jost the other way. A bit of well-doing." " What ! are you going to get married, Procul f " No, at least; not now. I'm going to undertake the education of a yonng man." " That's had for him, I should say. Who is he t" " A lad just come home from Aus tralia with a pot of money." "And what is he to yon, Procul " " He's my son." "Wei, that is something strange;" said Sertayne gravely. " But what are you going to do with him f " Show him the world." " Help him to spend his money too." " Somebody will get hold of him, if I don't." "Does he play f " We'lJ teach him, if he doesn't" "Ib there much to.be made out of him?" ..-j . " He's worth a hundred thousand, I " And what do yon want me to do f "To become his tutor. Some city people have got hold of him now ; want him to marry a daughter, or something of the sort But we'll spoil their game. He'll soon tire of them, when he sees what real life is." " We'll introduce him to the Asphodel — eh, Proc !" Proc nodded. " And we'll play the old game. " O Proc, it quite warms one's heart to think about it ; only, you see, it wants a little ready-money to start with. Yon must lend me fifty ponnds, my boy " "I'll see what I can do, when the time cornea But we mnsn't be in a hurry. The yonth is moral at present ; I daresay, probably, has never touched the bones. But he has got it in bim - a chip of the old block — eh, King and it is only a question of time if we handle him properly. The best thing will be to get the Asphodel to take him up, and draw Mm on to begin play with her mildly. A lad like that would be as soft as wax where a woman's concerned. Yon most see the Asphodel." " I don't know whether I can do anything with her ; she has been very cool with me lately, and she don't half like you, my boy ; but if the youth is good looking, she'll take him up fast enougn. wnat qo you cat! tne young cubf" " Butt — Harry Butt" " An ugly name too. When' shall we begin to tap bim " " When you see Mm abont with me, you must come up and be civil to him. I'll take care to give you a character for once !" CHAPTER IV COSTICLE'S GROVE. All this time Harry Butt had been staying with the Gosticles, at No. 1 Costicle's Grove, Chelsea. Bis acquain tance with Sam Costicle had been a sufficient introduction to the good opinion of Mrs. Costicle and her/laughter Ellen. The fact of his having a hundred thousand pounds was a passport to tbe good graces of Orlando Costicle and his son. In the society of the fair Ellen, who was a pretty, lively girl of some twenty y&rs; of age, Harry became acquainted with all the remarkable scenes in Lon don. He was taken to the Academy, to the South Kensington Museum, the Albert' Hall, to his great mental weariness and torture ; but he also made acquaintance with the horsewomen in the Bow, whom he greatly admired, and with the band in Kensington Gaidens, and at times with "the zoo," and other innocent, if. not exciting resorts. And at nights they went to the theatre, -Harry baying boxes like a millionaire — no "orders" for Mm if yon please ; and altogether they were very gay and happy, only, like eveiything else, it could not last. This is the night of the dinner-party, and Porkington is coming to put an end to all this idyllic life. Ellen Costicle, as she sat in her own room, ready dressed for dinner, was a'foir and pleasing sight. Her head was resting on her hand, and she was looking thoughtfully at a bouquet of flowers that had just come in for her, and of wMch she dinned that Harry was the sender. She wore a bine dress of some light gauzy material, which elirtwrul linv ofinnlrlani onil hanlr sTifinfllir and -fair, and smooth ; her face was oval, rather dark, with a bloom npon it like that of a ripened plum; her hair was dart too, and was partly disposed in bands round her head, and partly gathered into a great fold at the back. Ellen was proud of her hair, and of the fact that she had more than she could well dispose without the aid of artificial plaits. She was a little flushed, for ehe had an idea that this night would Jie an import ant one in her life, and she didn't exactly know how it ' wonld go. She thought that Harry meant to say something de cisive to her, and she hadn't exactly made np her mind whether she liked bim or not.' She was sure that she liked' Mm, bnt not equally-' sure whether she liked hini enough to marry him. Ellen would never have thought of allowing herself to entertain the question at' all, if she had not known that Hairy was undeniably eligible on the score of wealth. Ill education arid .refinement, there waft fa was true, a good deal want ing. Bnt then, after all, there was more real knowledge and amore gentlemanly spirit abont Harry, Ellen thought, than abont the other men she knew. as Asuen was srsung waft winning over matters; Mrs. Costicle bustled in. She was gorgeously apparelled fa plum- coloured satin, and was altogether a very nice, plump, matronly figure; as she turned herself round before Ellen and asked if " she'd do," "Capitally, mamma," said Ellen. " Yes ; you are all right everywhere, and you look very nice." " Oqe mnst needs look nieb when one expects " an honourable " to' dfae with us," said -Mrs. Costicle. My dear, Fve borrowed a Peerage from theErowrift -and Pve looked out all about Porkington. He's most splendidly conriected. -He's the son of "Viscount Porkington, by Lady Emily, daughter of : Lord Arthur Procul, who was a younger son' of the Duke of Grnfiham. Fancy! what a fine connec tion for our young friend Let .pie See; —if '. Lord Heriiy arid ; LordyCharlejS should die without leaving sons, and they've only four apieoe, and if anything should happen to Lord John's seven, why,- he might be heir to a viscounty. Ellen, dear, think of that -!" . " That isn't at all likely," said EUen. ' "No; baf> it' might happen, dear;' and'Firi'sure, among all his grtfpd rda-; tionft he'll never find a prettier girT than yon. Only, Ellen, mind what you're abont — Strike while the iron's hot" " That's all nonsense about striking, mamma." "It isn't nonsense; EUen ; yon look your veiy' best, and HI lend yon my amethysts, if yon like; dear." Ellen didn't wear the amethysts, how ever— mnly a plain gold' band, with a > turquoise locket, that set off her dark skin very nicely. She felt a Utile nen-t Tons as she went downstairs, partly, at the idea of meeting a man so far out of her " sphere." She' was not a bit of a snob, bnt shie had been brought op to take an. interest fa the affairs df people she knew nothing about, but who - were supposed to be the high-priests and exemplars of the faith, the one 'ssying faith- that secures the progress, riij, the very existence of society. When Ellen went down fato the drawing-room, she found Hairy Butt sitting by the fire. ' He was drrissed fat- dinner, far Orlando had persuaded bim fn lantv a J M ««« J i r. .It Alii w MUJ a iwuj'uittuc unssB ouib uu a proper evening costume could be made for made for bim — but he looked large and awkward fa it EUen eyed bim with a little dissatisfaction. She wanted bim to look. nice, and she didn't, exactly.' Why, even William, for all his plain looks and downcast ways, was more of a gentleman fa appearance; and papa — papa looked qoite radiant and aristo cratic, he appeared in the . drawing- j room iri the most faultless attire; as gay and demnair as if he hadn't a care in the world. Mamma was radiant too, fa the plum-coknred satin with the amethysts, and a heal-dress of black and gold ; arid altogether \hey looked a very nice party, Ellen thoojjit, if it hadn't been far Mr. Butt, who teemed so awkward rind un couth. ; Then cane Mr. Deputy Diddle, a little florid Man, with a protnberant paunch and week little haridft which gyrated on hh wrists as he pointed a period or conmenced a narrative- He wore a frilled shirt, and a diamond brooch fa it, And as soon as he came fa, he began to flatter Mrs. Costicle, who, nevertheless, was silent and distraite; indeed, her can were at full-cock listen ing for the arrival -of her aristocratic gust He came at last — half an hour late for dinaer, with an air of ineffable calm, that riuiu inougni was cnarming. Alter ne had spoken to Mrs. Costicle, he made Ms waj round the room, and came to where Hetty Butt was sitting, and put his hand on Ms shoulder with a familiar, easy gestire. Then the two began to talk ; and Ellen felt more than once that the keeri observant eye of Mr. Porkington rested npon her. What could they be talkhg about, those two ! Ellen's re flections were interrupted ' by Deputy Dibble, who' advanced with his arm stuck out like a catapult "Permit me, my . dear Miss Costicle, to have the pleasurable honour of con ducting you to dinner 1" ' -'.ti " Thank you, Mr. Dibble," 'sheai&j; rising and accepting his arm. - "I kuow how much pleasure you take — all gentle men do; I suppose — in your dinner !" - " 'Pon my word Miss Costide, I take far more fa the charming companion that' I am blessed with !" - " Ha !" said Orlando, seating himself opposite the soup, "what have we. Jiere ? — My dear, what do I see at your end of the table ?" "Everything is down on the card, Costicle," said Mrs. Costide with dignity. " Ho, ho ! What ! we've got a bill of fare, have we ! For my part, I like the goqd old- fashioned English ways — don't you, Deputy 1 — see your joint; and carve yourself Well, wdl, there's one thing they shan't depriven with their new fangled ways, and that's the pleasure of taking wine with a friend. — Mr. Pork- inton, my dear sir, a glass of sherry. — My dear Deputy, will you join us t" The Deputy swelled out like the frog fa the fable. " Quite unfashionable, my dear fellow-; but still I agree with yon ; -nothing like the old customs — eh, Me. : PotMngton" "No custom can be a bad one that in troduces one to a glass of good sheny," said Porkington goodkumouredly. "Very good, very good!" said the Depnty, turning quite purple with pleased CftUUCLUCUh XUall ICIIIIIHII) 1UO U1 Ot remark that was made at the Lord Mayor's .table, a good many years ago, on an occasion when your father — if Pm not mistaken, Mr. Porkfagton, your father, the "Vfacount — when he was present, along with Her Majesty's ministers." "Bun a pin into bim," whispered Harry — "run a pin fato .the poor Deputy." " Gracious F' said Ellen ; " why f "To let the talk out of him" he'll drone on for ever if you don't " "I like Depnty Dibble's stories very much," said Ellen demurely, 'and I beg yon wont distract my attentiori." "When Her Majesty's ministers' were dining at my Lord Mayor's .table," went, on Dibble; "it was the year of "the Chutist riots, if I'm not mistaken What's the matter Mr. Porkington— Good gracious, madam, loosen ;his neck cloth!" : ; - ; Porkington had turned deadly|pale all of a sudden, and clutched at the 'air with Mb hands ; bnt he recovered himself fa a moment There was riothing to account for it, only Mr. Costiole's ancient butler, was tottering .round.; the table, murmuring : " 'Och or Sherry i". ' K a iii4.t< TI. xa. Jibuc nimiiraB, xui that's all," 8aid Porkingtoh : "ths;late, sittings at the House, I fancy, predispose one to thatsort of tiring." " The very thing that happened at the Mansion-house table f cried Dibble. . " Ah, sir !"said Mrs. Costicle archly, "yon shonld get a wife to look after yon, and prevent - yohr keeping such late hours!" - : " I'm afraid the wives of most of my friends keep worse hours than their husbands.!! - ' ( "Ah, ihatVl)ecaiise ijiey maixy giddy,: fashionable creatures ! Some nicpodo- mestic&ted; girl, jmy drier sic, who's been brought np in r quiet family." said Borkfagtori, vvith (i mock- sigh, "where, shall .t;%d$u(&Wph;<£bix:i,j The y % i-ijfjSff; do '? the'-emc ifojuritice ; - they ''-are; -ito Ibe: .fonnd, If jfoni. vriljvdi them."- "Hollo !" eaid Hany Bntt — a couple of glasses of wine had removed his shyness — " hollo ! why, there's Mother -Budgeon .ppeping in at the door ! .What 'is she doing here " i - i" Don't expose the secrets of our grandeur," said EUen. "Is it possible yon haven't recognised our butler 1" "Why, it's old Budgeon the sexton!" "Hush ! don't talk so lond. When ever we have a dinner-party, they come here. He waits at table, aad she helps fa the cooking— only yon mustn't tell anybody." " . " I shall bo glad to have a secret with you, Miss Costicle." -. "Yes; that will do, "said EDen, nodding her head approvingly— "that will do far a beginning. We shall begin to civilise yon soon. Let us once get yon to begin saying what yon don't mean, tbe rest of yonr progress will he rapid." "Bnt I do mean it, Miss Costide; only I wish fiat the secret were of more - importance.". H Aft for instance !" said Ellen, raiting her eye-brows slightly. "Well," said Harry, somewhat non plussed, " if we were more of friends than we are, you know." "Ah,. yon are veiy maladroit, Mr. fotti : you should never- — your friends win reacn you that when they teach you whist — yon should never lead from a single card ; if yon make a pretty speech, you should be prepared to follow it with a prettier." " And didn't I f" "No, certainly not; you insinuated that we were not particularly good friends ; and, in fact, yon nude a mess of it altogether." " Well, that's not veiy encouraging." . " No ; you want practice ; that's all ; these things don't come naturally. Put your brains through a sieve, mid then fry them into crisp little morsels ; else yon will never make a figure in good society." " What's that about fried brains Ah, a very nice dish too," said the Deputy, prickfag up his ears ; " taken out of a calf's head, yon mean, Miss Costicle " " Precisely so, Deputy; the very filing we were falling about." " Hang it, Miss Costicle ; don't hit a fellow like that;" said Hany; " wait till I think of something litre a repartee." "Too late, sir ; mamma fas given the signal for retiring ; yon mnst jump np and open the door, sir, quick. — There, you did that veiy nicely," she whispered encouragingly to him as she passed out of the room. " My dear," said Mrs. Costicle to Ellen, " Fm veiy much pleased -with you ; you did every thing beautifully. And he was watching you all the time — Mr Porkington, I mean, — so fatherly; oh, it was beautiful ! So romantic, isn't it, dear ; only cook made such a mess of the sweets ; however, Fm thankful things have gone off as they I wonder what he'll settle npon Master Hany. A nice fortune that yonth will have, what with his own money and what his father gives him. Well, it'ajbetter to be born lucky than rich, they say ; and, uponmy word, I think there's a great deaTof truth fa the proverb/' To be continued. ) 