SUMMARY FOR EUROPE INTRODUCTION. The Parliameritary session is fast draw- ing to a close ; nearly all the public mea- sures of importance have left the As- sembly and those which have not yet been dealt with are now before the Legis- lative Council. The prorogation will probably take place in about a fortnight's time and then the last will have been seen of the present Pailiament, as the existing Assembly expires by effluxion of time in February next. Before the arrival of that period, however, a disso- lution will most likely take place, and it is anticipated that the writs for the new elections will be issued about the com- mencement of March. In our last Summary we gave the par- ticulars of the Railway Construction Bill introduced by the Government. The measure has since passed the Legislative Assembly, has been read a second time in the Council, and is now being consi- dered in committee by that body. Some amendments were made in the bill before it left the Assembly, and those amend- ments will entail a larger expenditure than at first was contemplated by the Government. It will be remembered it was proposed that the railway from Melbourne to Sale should join the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Company's line at Elsternwick, running powers being taken over the company's line. By this means, it was argued, a very considerable saving would be effected. The proposition, however, proved very distasteful, both to the members of the Assembly and the public generally. It had been anticipated that the Govern- ment scheme would have included the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay line, and negotiations had been opened up with that view, but had been broken off in consequence of what the Government considered the exorbitant demands of the company. It was there- fore argued in the House that it would be most absurd, under these circum- stances, to make such an arrangement as was proposed, because that would ma- terially increase the value of the com- pany's property, and make the purchase of it at any future period a matter of still greater difficulty. It was eli- cited that the value placed on their lines by the company was £1,320,243, and the necessary repairs to place them in efficient working order were estimated by the engineer-in-chiof of the Victorian Railways to cost £128,112. The price of the company's shares in the open market is quoted at from £63 to £65 ; the sum asked for the property represents a value of from £70 to £75. Still, a portion of the Assembly seemed to be of opinion that another attempt should be made to purchase the property in question, because it was deemed most important that the whole of the railways in the colony should be in the hands of the Government. Another proposition was also submitted, to the effect that the Gipps Land line should take what was named the outer circle route, skirting the suburbs of the metro- polis to the north, and then bend- ing to the south-east, join the route originally proposed at Oakleigh. This suggestion, if carried out, would render unnoceBsary any 'junction with the Hobsoh's Bay line ; it waa regarded with great favour, and in some shape or othor will doubtless bo ulti- mately adopted unless the company's property is purchased. The additional expense which this route would entail was estimated at £104,000, besides which the line would be five miles longer than that suggested by the Government. The result of the discussion on these various propositions was, that the matter is left an open question. Oakleigh is made the present starting-point of the line to Sale, and the way by which Oak- leigh shall be joined to Melbourne has been left for the next Parliament to determine. Of course, if terms for the purchase ol' the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay line are agreed upon, there will be an end of the subject. The other alteration made in the bill was the substitution of the "Black" line to Co'oo instead of the " Green" one. The Black lino goes through the town of Geelong, whilst the Green one branches off at Leigh-road. The Black line, it was estimated, would cost some £00,000 more than the other, and that has always beon the principal objec- tion to it. The Government, however, professed to have discovered that some deviations on the " Green" line would bo necessary, which would reduce the differ- ence in the cost between the two routes, and also to have found some additional advantages in the " Black" line which in- duced them to make the alteration. The fact was heads had beon counted, and it was found that there was of majority in the House opposed to the Ministerial proposition. Intimately connected with the Railway Construction Bill is, of course, the Rail- way Loan Bill. Besides the special appro- priations under the Land Act, it yvill be necossaiy, to complete the whole of the lines proposed by the Government, and carry out other ivorks in connexion with them, to borrow £1,500,000. A mer.suro sanctioning the loan has passed the Assembly. The money is to be obtained in the London market, and the rate of interest is fixed at 4 per cent. The Victorian loan at the tame rate is gradually being absorbed at par, and the Treasurer hopes that with- out submitting to any discount ho will obtain the money as fast as it is required to bo expended. The Legislative Assembly has passed the Amending Land Bill, but its rej ec tion by the Council is considered almost a certainty, tlie second reading having been postponed until Tuesday next. The outside public appear to take very little interest in it, and the genoral opinion is that it is a piece of un- necessary and superfluous legislation. Under tlie existing law tho land is be- coming rapidly settled ; and as it is, fanncre, as well as other- employers of labour, find the greatest difficulty in get- ting their yvants supplied. Many of tlie local bodies Jiav-e passed resolutions and memorialised Parliament in favour of the resumption of assisted immigration, and la all probability this subject will com jaand great attention at the next elec- tion«. The number of fatal accidents yvhich have recently occurred on our principal gold-fields havo pressed upon the atten- tion of Parlianfent the necessity of doing something to stop the fearful loss of life which has recently been taking place,-anil »mil with this object has passed tho Legislative Assembly and ia now before the'Council. Its distinguishing features aro that it places upon tho managers and proprietors of mines the onus of proving that they are not responsible, by defective machinery or otherwise, for any accidents which may occur in working their pro- perty, and makes any damages recovered a first and pi-cfcrent charge upon the minc and plant. The Supreme Court Bill, which pro- vided for the concurrent hearing of the issues of law and equity in cases before tho court, and which is almost a copy of tho English law upon tlio samo subject, passod the Assembly, but was yesterday laid aside by the Legislative^ Council. The reason given by tho Council for this proceeding is, that, at this late period of the session, there is not sufficient timo for the consideration of so important a subject. It was also thought botter to obtain the English rules undor the act before dealing with the measure itself. SOCIAL. The events of the month have not been of a very interesting character. One of the most prominent was the opening of the North-Eaatern Ballway line to Wangaratta on the 27th ult. The day was made one of festivity at Wangaratta, where a banquet and ball were given by the local bodies. His Ex- cellency the Governor and several members of the Ministry accepted invitations, and there were present altogether at the banquet and ball some 700 or 800 guests. The line waa found to be in excellent order, and the speeches at the banquet were of course of a highly congratulatory character. The length of line now open for traffic is 145$ miles, and there remains to be completed 42 miles. The work between Wangaratta, and Wodonga, the terminus, ia in an advanced state, and the whole of the line ia expected to be in uae by the end of the year. Hia Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen, accompanied by the Governor of New South Wales (Sir Hercules Robinaon) and Lady Robinson, who are on a visit to this colony, viaited Sandhurst on Monday, and experienced a handsome reception from the iuhabitanta of that important goldfields city. Six niembera of the Ministry wero amongst theviaitora, the greater portion of whom, in- cluding the Governor, Lady Bowen, and Lady Robinson, descended the shaft of the Great Extended Hustler's mine to the 600ft. lovel, where the miners were engaged in breaking down auriferous atone. There was a lun- cheon in the afternoon and a ball in the evening, at which the two Governora were present. The report of the proceedings of the con- ference of the principal officers of the Marine departments ot the Australian colonies, re- cently held in Sydney in accordance with a reaolution passed by the late Intercolonial Conference, baa been preaented to Parlia- ment. The conference express their belief that the ligbt8 on the Australian coast hear favourable comparison with those of other parts of the world. They lecommend the expeditious erection of a number of new coast lights, those of Victoria being at Cape Nelson, Split Point, Cape Liptrap or Anser I Group, Cape Conran or Cape Everard. They also recommend that the coat of erection and maintenance of lights on the main coast line should be defrayed by the colony in whose territory they are situated, except where coast lights are maintained espe- cially for the use of the vessels of another colony. I Following the investigation by the Stawell Special Land Board into alloged acts of dummyiam on the pai t of pastoral tenant« in tho Wimmera District, action is being taken by the Minister of Landa with the view of punishing the offenders. The licensees of the North Brighton, Warranooke, Carr'a Plains, Wallaloo Creek, and Marnoo runa have accordingly. been summoned to show 1 cause why their licences should not be for- feited for violation of the conditions of the Land Act 1809. The cases were to have been heard last week, but they have been post- poned on various grounds until Tuesday, the 11th inst. The commission appointed to report na to the best means of making available the low lands adjacent to the western and southern aides of the city of Melbourne have, after prolonged inquiry and investigation, brought up their final report. They recommend that the Weat Melbourne Swamp be drained, in accordance with a plan submitted by Mr. Gordon chief engineer of yvater supply believing that the land so reclaimed may be converted into a valuable publi property They recommend the construction of docks on the north and south sides of the river Yarra and that the necessary land be reserved forthepurpose Thecommissionersdisapproye of the concentration of yvhat are known as noxious trades in one place andadyise that each local body Bhould be left to decide yvhether it yvill Lave such businesses earned on within its boundaries In order to en able local bodies to effectually suppress the nuisances which are undoubtedly caused by these trades when they are not under strict control an amendment of the Health Act yvould be required The Yarra, the commis sioners point out is a public highway yvhtch should not bo rendered offensive to any of tho senses by noxious trades on its banks or polluted by the drainage from them into it. Btream besides yvhich if the proposed canal yyere earned out the loyv lying lands betyveen the railway and the river will speedily be occupied by an indus tnous population and be used for yvaie houses and othor buildings connected with the trade of the port They therefore recommend that all no\ious trades be re moy ed from the ban! s of the Riy er Yarra and from the low lands lying betyveen it and tho Hobson s Bay Railway and that no dr un ago from any establishment where a noxious trade is earned on should bo allowod to cntei cither the uppei or lower portion of the mer Hie estate of tho Hon Henry Moigan Muiphy M L C has been sequestiated on the petition of the agent of Mr W Udall an 1 nghsh creditor of Mr Murphy A vacancy is thus caused in the representation of the Lastern Province m the Legislatiy e Council and five candidates for the seat are already m the field \i_ Mr William Winter of Stanhope Mr George Coppin Mr G Sharpe of Benalla Mr Lssenton lung anlMi J A Wallace The council of the University of Melbourne has lately made several material alterations in the regulations for the degrees of B A and LL B. The object of the alterations is to make the course of study for the two degrees more distinct than at present for it is said that now the LL B course is little more than an extension of that for the arts degree. The new regulations contemplate the making of the laws degree partake more of a pro- fessional character, by adding to it the study of Roman law, international law, and juris- prudence. According to the statute by which the University is founded, it is necessary that these regulations should be approved of by the senate-a body consisting of all graduates who have attained the degrees LL.D, M.D., or M.A. The senate has lately held several meetings to discuss the proposed regulations. Those relating to the arts course have been adopted ; but those relating to laws have provoked a good deal of opposition, partly because it is imagined that they interfere with vested interests, and partly because they necessitate an increased expenditure on the students. The meeting of the senate called to consider the subject was adjourned without any decision being arrived at, in consequence of those members opposed to the propositions leaving the meet- ing, and those who remained were not suffi- ciently numerous to constitute a quorum. A meeting of the senate is, however, convened for Monday next, at which a final decision will probably be arrived at. The dispute as to whether the allowance of draft on wool shall be permitted has been brought to a crisis. The buying brokers having demanded the re- establishment of the custom, the woolgrowers held a meet ing a tMenzies Hotel, Melbourne, when a reso- lution waa carried to the effect that the wool growers should adhere to the arrangement made with the woolbrokers last year, and that no allowance of draft would be allowed to the buyer of wool. The resolution was carried by a large majority, only six hands being held up against it. On Monday a meeting of woolbrokers and woolbuyers took place at the offices of Messrs. Renard Brothers and Co., Market-buildings, at which about 30 gentlemen were present. Mr. Hugh Parker, as the representative of Messrs. R. Golds brough and Co., and speaking on behalf of the selling brokers generally, expressed his regret that they could not concede tho draft, as the orders of their constituents were imperative. It was then carried unani- mously, " That all the buyers solemnly pledge themselves not to buy unless the draft be allowed." A document setting forth such pledge having been drawn up, the signatures of 19 brokers and broking firms were appended to it. At the close of the meeting, all pre- sent adjourned to the sale held at Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co.'s, where the chairman put the question to Mr. Parker, whether an allowance of draft would be made on the catalogue of 91 bales offered for sale. The answer being a negative, the buyers, with the exception of two, who were fellmongers, left the room. To these two, who were the only bidders, most of the small lots offered were adjudged. General Norton, of tho American Conti ncntal Exhibition Bureau of Information, has written to Mr. Thomas Adamson, jun., United States Consul of Melbourne, exprès sive of his desire to como out to theso colonies to collect yvhat information he can respecting them, and otherwise to promote the objects of the exhibition, if it can be shown to him that it is yvorth his yvliile to do so, and hoyv this can best be done. Mr. Adamson takes a very favourable view of General Norton's proposition, and has, yve understand, been at some pains to point out to that gentleman hotv he might usefully em- ploy himself in the collection of information about Victoria on behalf of the exhibition, The desire of the Americans for the fullest information about the Australian colonies is every day increasing. The proposed new buildings at the Na- tional Gallery are obtaining shape. Mr. Wardell, one of a special committoo of advice appointed by the trustees^ received some two months ago from Mr. Herbert a letter en- closing a pencil sketch of the room at the House of Lords for the decoration of which he painted the great "Moses." Mr. Herbert pointed out that the special conditions of light, &c;, to suit which he designed tho fresco, should as nearly as possible he repro- duced in the chamber where the oil copy of it was to he hung. This letter was sent to the architects, Messrs. Reed and Barnes, and they have submitted a deaign which purports to comply as far as possible with Mr. Her bert'8 wishei'. The proposed gallery will measure 105ft. long by 40ft. wide, and will be 30ft. high to the top of the cornice, and 37ft. high to ceiling. Mr, Reed has been instructed to preparo an alternative plan showing how a room planned and b'ghted precisely like the painted chamber of the House of Lords could bo arranged so as to form a part of the gallery without materially deranging the general scheme, in order that if possible the "Moses" may be exhibited under exactly similar cir cumstancea to those existing in London. The Melbourne Hospital Sunday Fund has been distributed. At a meeting of the com- mittee, the mayor presiding, the honorary secretary read a report of the state of the fund, from which it appeared that £3,G89 0s. 7d. had been received from .hurdles and miscellaneous sources, £114 0a. 3d. from the scholars in Sunday and state schools in and around Melbourne, and £310 0s. 2d. from workshops and factories, making a total of £4,122 la. The report of the finance com- mittee waa presented by the non. C. J. Jenner, recommending that after payment of expenses, amounting to£M2Gs. 4d., the sum of £3,940 19s. 9d. be distributed between the aix inatitutions to participate. The plan of distribution was presented, and adopted, the division being as follows :-Melbourne Hos- pital, £1,927 10s. 5d.; Alfred Hospital, £537 lGs.; Benevolent Asylum, £715 11s. 5d.; Lying-in Hospital. £379 Os. 3d.; Sick Chil- dren1- Hospital, £223 0s. 8d.; Eye and Ear Hospital, £157 lus. The Microscopical Society of Victoria, yvhich, at this early stage of its existence, has a good momber-roll, held its first general meeting in the hall of the Royal Society on the 10th ult. About 40 gentlemen wore present, the president (Mr. W. H. Archer) being in the chair. A rich and varied col- lection of microscopes and objects was shown by members of the society, and during tho evening ther,e exhibits were examined with interest. The president, in delivering his inaugural address, explained that tho socioty yvould consist of two classes of persons-viz., skilled yvorkers, yvbo were called members, and students and amateurs, who yvere called associates. Mr. Archer yvent on to say that in Victoria there yvere microscopists yvho were possessors of good instruments, and yvho knew' thoroughly how to use them. The establishment of this society, it was hoped, would induce most of these gentlemen to co- operate, sooner or later, yvith one another, for though at intervals certain very valuable special professional yvork had beon accom- plished m Molbourno and elsewhere, yet so far aa published results yvere concerned, not only Victoria, but Australia generally, yvas, microscopically speaking, almost altogether an unknoyvn land. Tlie address was fofioived by some interesting statements and demon- strations, and altogether the inaugural meet- ing was a very successful one. The holding of ordinary meetings has commenced, and the society appears to havo a useful career before it. Returns ol' the savings banks of Victoriafor the year ending 30th June,' 1873, yvhich have been presented to Parliament, shotv that the total amount received from the depositors during the 12 months ended the 30th June last yvas £530,71712s. 4d.; the total amount of repayments to depositors, £52S,041-Is.; and the total amoiv.it of interest allowed to them yvas £30,10915s. Gd> The total amount of depositors' balances at the 1st July, 1872, having been £802,307 18s. 5d., and at the 1st July, 1873, £895,0945s. 3d., the difference is an increase of £32,780 Gs. 10d.; equivalent to £3 lGs. Id,, or 3-80 per cent. A passenger by Messrs Creen s ship | Anglesey which sailed from Melboumo on the 5th March for London Ins vv ritten to a friend here complaining bitterly of the con duct of the captain in navigating a leaky ship from one end of the world to the other Ile declaies that the ship was leiky when she started and that the passengers when at Queenscliff sifened a protest against being tal en to sea in such a v ersel whilst the crew were in a state of mutiny The captain how ev ei refused even to look at the protest The mates cuday sen ants and v oluntcers among the passengers worked the pumps for three dajs when the cievv turned to as thej found it nause sticking out furthei and so we pumped night and day for 74 daja till we reached St Helena the ship mal mg from 9m to 14m per hour all the way WP stajed 10 daja at St Helena dis cbaited 3 000 biles of wool had an evtia pump fixed and lots of other things done to trj and make the old siev e float home The captain w e aie told vv ould not put into the Cape for fear the ship would he con demned but thought that she would not bo mterfcied with at St Helena Some of the ciew however managed to get ashore and saw the magistrates who made an order for a survey and stopped the ship The next day tho surveyors came on boaid and had the ship pumped out Then let all the 1 umi a stand for an hour when thoy sounded the vv eil and found 9_in the ship lying per fectly still at anchor They then ordered carj,o to be discharged till the leak had been reduced one half 3 000 bales of wool were taken out and sent on shore to be fonv aided by another \ essel This reduced the leak to öjin i ei hour when another survey waa held The icsult waa that an extra 1 ump should bo fixed and 12 more hands shipied On the8e conditions thoy thought she might pioceed on hei \oy n_e Tlio captain shipped the extra men (but they would not come on boaid) and also got another pump and finding that the ship would be condemned if he laid there another day ho determined to go short handed having made arrangements with the crew for double nay grog and other extras We at last got undei wei¡,h having been at St Helena 10 dajs Wo looked m at Vscen sion to try and get more hands but it was a failure ship making Oin The next day the Bhaft of the main pumpa I roko (which to use the skippc a words was a bad job), and we had to shape our course for Pernambuco which took a week We laid theie a week had the shaft mended anothei one made and shipped a lot of hands The captain took jolly good care not to let any boats come near the ship-we laid five miles from the barbour-for fear of another conti etemps Five weeks from Pernambuco brought us to Blackwall five pumps g_omg all the time night and day, and making quite loin per | hour. Time occupied in making the passage, 141 days," Captain Samuel Picken, yvho as shipmaster and marine surveyor has for many years been identified with this port, died on Monday. Captain Picken, yvho was anative ofRothnay, between 1851-05 commanded the ship Mel- bourne, in which vessel he took home 70,000oz. of gold, confirming tho Tumour at home of the discovery of gold in Victoria. In 1858, Captain Picken settled in Victoria yuth his yvifc and fumily, and since then, until his last illness,_ he was encaged as a marino surveyor in this port. In the course of some remarks, upon the I'aihvay Contraction Bill in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Hanna, M.L.A., alluded to the discovery in the county of Mornington of a permanent and substantial coal-field. He was referring to the ground occupied by the Great Victoria Gold-mining Company, in the Strezlecki Ranges, Gipps Land. They claim to have discovered valuable deposits of coil, iron, und fireclay. At a dopth of 20ft. a seam of coal 2ft. lOin. in thickness yvas found, at 278ft. a Beam 4ft. in thickness, at 298ft. a Beam of 3ft., and at 310ft. a seam of lft. Din. The company's manager considers that the first seam yvill supply 7,528,887 tons of coal, or, alloyving 15 per cent, for yvaste, 0 399 55J tons, the second seam is estimated to yield 3ft of yy orkabie coal or alloyy ing for waBte 9 854 212 tons Iho third and fourth seams are estimated to also yield 9 8.>4 212 tons of coal A fine sample of Gipps Lind coal has been brought to Sale from near the Moe Mr Robert Pitcairn barrister at law has been appointed police magistrate at Heath cote vice Mr R W Shadforth retired upon half pay after over 30 j ears ot Goy eminent service The Rev rather Coll of St Mary s Church Castlemaine baa died of consumption He had been stationed at Geelong Ktlmoie Lmcrald hill and latterly at Castlemaine The Retreat for tho Cure of Inebnates has been opened for tho reception of patients but the accommodation is only sufhcient for 12 and tho promoters of the institution are endeay ounng to obtain funds for the en largement of tlie building A portable ippintus for the manufacture of ¿as has been erected at the Union Hotel Collins street It has been constracted m accordance yyith the pitent of Mr George Sjmes an English engineer the right of m troducing yvhose myention into the Aus tra han colonies and Neyv Zealand has boen pur chased by Mr I1 dyy ard O Kcefe The annual meetings of tho Victonan Church Missionar) Society and the Wesley Church branch of the Austialasian Wes Icy in Missionary Society haye been held 1 lie report of the former society íeferred yyith satisfaction to the progiess of cony er sion amongst the Chinese in Victoria and makes reference to the Melanesian Mission yylnch itsays continues to be ywthout a per manent head in tho person of a bishop Hie Rey R H Codington with his junior fellow yyorkers how ey er still maintain tlie mission in as great a state (tf ^efficiency as is possible m the circumstanbetf' The îeport of the Weslejan Sociel) stated that the ex pendituro for the year had been £13 250 us 4d and the income £13 917 Os 5d leaving a balance of £fOG 14s Id to the credit of tlie Home Committee The operations of the societ) gencrilly yvere spoken of as having been of a satisfattoi-j nature The thirteenth annual sittings of the coun- cil of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria have been held. The report of the executive committee stated that during the past year threo new mission stations had been established. The treasurer's balance sheet showed a large increase in the year's income above that of any previous year, the total income this year having reached the sum of £1,070. The Rev. J. Legge, M.A., of Brighton, was elected chairman for the year 1874-5. » The fund contributed for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Captain Rouse, of the s.s. Claud Hamilton, who was washed overboard on the voyoge to New Zealand, has amounted to £002 0a., which is to be invested under the management of trusteea. The prosecution again8t Mr. Wm. Morley, who had been a carrier in a large way of business at Sandridge, for having made a false declaration at his marriage on the 12th September, 1800, is at an end. The alleged offence was that he had mado a declaration that ho had no knowledge of any just impedi- ment or lawful objection of lelationship to his being nu^ried to Muiy Ann Morley, iv-Ueroas she waa m truth the daughter of his brother, Christopher Morley. The defendant was tried at the last Geelong Cil cuit Court, and tho case terminated in a singular manner. All the evidence had been given and the jury retired, when one of their number (Mr. Roberta) was seized with sudden ilhiess.andwasunabletotakeanyfuitherpart in the proceedings. The jury was thereupon discharged, and the defendant remanded to the next sittings of the Court. Subsequently, an affidavit was made by one of the jurors, on behalf of the others, to the effect that they bad unanimously agreed to a verdict of " Not Guilty " when Mr. Roberta was taken ill. Under these circumstances, the Attorney General has decided to proceed no further with tho case. Bridget M'Carthy, the girl charged with killing her infant at Eaglehawk, and throw- ing it into a pig8tye, has been convicted at the Sandhurst Circuit Court on the minor count of conceolment of birth. The pri- soner was sentenced to two years' imprison- ment. An illicit still in full work has been dis- covered by Mr. Moody, inspector of dis- tilleries, and Detective Lomax, in tho- yard of a cottage adjoining the West Melbourne Hotel, corner of Miller and Stanley stieets, West Melbourne. It was found that there was communication between tho yard of the cottage and the yard of the hotel by means of a drain, and Michael Keane, keeper of the hotel, yvas looked up on a charge of having an illicit still on his premises. Spirits to the amount of 150 gallons yvere found in casks. Keane yras subsequently brought up at the City Police Court and discharged, but the occupier of the cottage, a man named Malachi Taylor, was committed for trial on the charge of supplying the means for work ing an unlicensed still. POLITICAL. The political events of tho month have not been ofaspecially interesting character, but a great many useful measures have boen rapidly dealt with, and tlie Parliamentary session is noyv near its close. Tho most important bill that has been under consideration is that providing for the construction of the eightpro posed neyv lines of railway. This measure has passed the Legislative Assembly yvithout any very substantial alteration of tlie Govern- ment scheme, and there is every probability of its provisions being endorsed in the Legis- lative Council, where the bill has been read a second time, and is now boing dealt with in committee. THE 1UILWAÏ CONSTnUCTION BILL. The second reading of this measure waa agreed to on the 14th October. Tbo diacua sion which took place showed that there was no dissent from the principles of the bill, but there was a groat variety of opinion as to the beat îoute for some of the proposed lines, and many lion, members had ad- ditional lines to propose which were not included in the bill. The constituencies had evidently brought their influence to bear upon the representatives, and the Gov ernment was largely deputationised on the subject. All this, however, only resulted in a pi omise that provision should be made for additional lines in a future measure. In committee Mr. Grant moved an amendment having foi its object the adoption of what is known as the outer- circle lino of railway, as the commencement of the Gipps Land line (an airangement which, it was contended, would give the suburbs of Melbourne the benefits of railway communication), in- stead of the Government proposal to form a junction of that line with the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company's line at Elsternwick, and benefit that company, as it was oiguëd, at the ex- pense of tho state. Tho amendment was in effect that the line should commence at Noi th Melbourne and go via North Carlton, North Fitzroy, Northcote, Kew, Camberwell, Upper Hawthorn, Loroondara, Gardiner, Caulfield, and Oakleigh, to Sale. It was objected on the part of the Government that this proposal involved tho erection of a central passenger station in Elizabeth- street, while the difference in cost between this route and the one proposed by the Govern- ment nos £1G4 000, besides the cost of level cfossmgs, and the permanent maintenance of fiyo additional miles of railway Tho amend- ment v..is not earned, but tbo Goyernincnt proposition yvas negatiy ed by a majority of 33 votes to 31 Dnnng the discussion a strong opinion yyaa expressed that the Go eminent ought to purchase the lines of the Melbourne and Hobson s Lay Company Air Gillies said the Melbourne md Hobson's Bay Company's lines ( ould be pure linsed for £1,320 213 Hie engineer m i Inef estimated tlie immediate necessary repairs at £128112, yvlnlst tho engineer of the company estimated tho cost of tlie same at only £50 000 Consequent upon this statement an opinion was ex pressed that further negotiations should be opened up with the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Company, with a view to the pur COOBO of their line At tho Bame time it yvas y ery plainly intimated that the House yvaa not likely to agree to the terms proposed by the company Under theso circumstances an nmcndment th it the Gipps Land line should start from Oakleigh, was agreed to, it being understood that the Government yvould see ii the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Com- pany's line could be bought at anything like a reasonable price, and if not, that some other route of connexion between Oakleigh and Melbourne would be recommended The respective monts of the line from Leigh road to Colac, Known as the green line, and that from Geelong to Colac, known as the black line were much debated during the progress of the bdl, and the Goy eminent ey entually determined to amend the measure by sub stituting the black for the green line Mr MacBain, by a majonty of 30 votes to 2% carried a new clause providing tor tue con- struction of a line between Stawell and Horsham , but upon Mr Francis telling the House the follow mg da. that if this proposition, which was looked upon as tho first of aseries of the kind, vveie insisted upon, the Govern, ment would withdraw the bill, the new clause was nefcatived on the question that it bo added to the bill, by a majority of 12 votes to 27 All the proposals for new hnea not con- templated hythe Government wero negatived or withdrawn, on the understanding that thej would receive consideration next ses Bion If the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobsons Bay United Railway, Coinpinys lines is determined upon, it will be neces sary to raise a much larger lo in than that originally proposed The bill was read i second time m the Legislative Council on the 29th ult, and it is now being consideied by that body m committee IiAILWVY LOVN BILL The Railway Loan Bill, which authonsea the borrowing of a million and a half ster mg m the London market at 4 ppi cent, baa passed the Assembly The Treasurer explained to the House that the railway lines already aanctioned would abaorb the accumulations of the Railway Loan and Con struction Account It was proposed to an ticipote thoae accumulations by the isane of debentures havmç no more than a feWyeaia' currency and which would bo paid off as they fell m Another freah feature included in the lull was the proposal to borrow an additional sum of £50,000 for additional works and machinery requited at the Alfred Graving dock After careful con sideration, the Government had come to the conclusion that it would be impossible for thom to work the dock properly unless mochinerywas provided for making repaira to iron vessels That would necessitate a considerable expenditure the estimated cost being something like £18 000 for that pur- pose alone A good and substantial jetty lina also to be erected in place of the old one, so that mail steamcre could take in coals and possibly their cargoes Tho cost of the jetty was cstimotcd at £9,000, the labour j ard, sheds, &.c, would cost about £10 000, and altogether, about £50 000 would be required MIMhO ACCIDENT3 BILL Mr Mackay has succeeded m passing through the Legislativ e Assembly a bill for the pro\ention of mining accidents, a sub- ject on which legislation has loni? been called for The bill provides for the inspec- tion of mines by nuning sun ej ors, and throws upon the mine owner tlie onus pro bandi in regard to accidents He will be bound to show that all reasonable precau- tions haye been adopted to secure the safety of persons vv orking in the mino or anionrat the machiner}, and fading this he will be liable to compensate any yvoikman yvho may be mjuied, or the lepresi.ntal'.ves oi anyone who may haye been killed in the mine JÑo boj under 14 j ears of age, and no girl or woman is to be employed underground Neither is any jouth under l8 to be employed for more than 48 hours underground m any one week No gunpowder is to be stored in the mine nor is any case or canister con- taining more than 41b to be .aken thither. Some îegulations aie to be obsery ed for the better ventilation of mines Where vertical ladders aro emplojod m the ascent and descent of shafts there aie to be platforms at mten als of 40ft, and at those of bUft v> hei e the ladders are inclined Mining managers yvill be renuned to examine the plant and machinery under their control once a yveek, to record their observations thereon in a book to be kept for that pur- pose, and to state yyhether in their opinion, an) and yy hat repairs and alterations are re quned in ordei to ensure the greater safety of the persons employed in the mine It was objected aftei some discussion, that the regulations proposed w ould be calculated to interfere with the operation of the bill, because all the regulations might be ob Berved and jet accidents happen, for which the manager and proprietors of the mino should be responsible It was therefore feared that the obseivanee of tho íegulations might act as a bar to an action, which m equity ought to lie Hie measuie how ey er, passed the Assembly yvith a few amend ments, but the mining managers haye petitioned the Legislative Council to make Bome important alterations in it TUP VMLNDlNQ lAND Birt This measure was finally passed m the Legislativ e Assembly on the 28th tilt and is now under considei aiton in the Upper nouse In committee of the Assembly on clause 19 prov iding that vv lth retard to land selected under the acts of 1802 and 1865 ujoii which the peualtj of Is peracio had accrued the Ciovvu giant should not issue unless the penalty was paid within three months after the passing of the amending bill, or mtetest paid for the period durnifc, which the penalty remained unpaid Mi Higinbotham maintained that no further consider ition was due to persons w ho had deliberately evaded the law and upon his motion the clause was so amended as to enact that the Ciown giant should not issue unless the penaltj was paid within three months after the passing of the act with îegard to such lands upon w Inch the penalty waa already due or within throe months after the penalty became duo upon such lands upon which it had not already accrued Consequently after the passing of the bill all title to the Crow n grant will bo forfeited unless the penalty is paid within three months fiom the time when it becomes due Another amendment of Mr niginbotham providing for the Bale of land fora terra of i3 j ears instead of total alienation waa nega tived by a majority of 44 votes to 9 A new clause proposed by that gentleman m place of the 18th section of the act 180J WBR however agreed to It provides that unless the penalty of 5s per acre which has accrued upon certain lands winch hav e been selected shall bo paid before tho 3l8t of March next in addition to tho purchase monev all such allotments shall from tint dav become and be absolutelj forfeited GEt.ntVX BUSINLSS A lull, introduced by the Chief Secietaiy, for the regulation of the police foico has boen passed through the Assembly It provides foi the snpei animation of members of tho force at the ago of 55 hut does not deal with the general administration of the force Under this bill, in 1881 a senior constable yvho has then served 25 years yvill leceive on retiring £1} a year, another yvho at the same period has served 30 years will receive £104 a year, and anothei yvho haB served 31 years yvill receive £111 The Fencing Bill appears to have no prospect of becoming law. Tho forms of the House havo been twice resorted to m the Assembly to impede its progress, and it will probably ney er reach the Upper House The Permis sive Bill is m a similar plight Inconse- quence of an informality noticed last month, all the formB of its introduction had to be gone over again. It was road a Bocond time by a majonty of three, and the large minority who voted against it aro determined that it shall notpasathrongh committee The Statute of Evidence Amendment Bill vvhuh gives boards appointed under the Land Act po« er, at the discretion of the Minister, to take evidence upon oath and compel the attend- ance of witnesses passed the Legislative AsBcmbly without much opposition A new clause was however, introduced, limiting the operation of the measure to the end of next session of Parliament 'Hie Supreme Court Bill, which with two unimportant exceptions, is the same as the 1 nglish act, a bill to continue the expiring act leinung to diawbatks, and a measure amending the Shires Statute so us to continue the subsidy to shnes for another j ear, have also passed the Assembly Till LI C1SLAT1V F COUNCIL Hie Lppci House has thrown out the Mining on Private Property Bill, the Savings Bank Amendment Bill, the Market Laws Amendment Bill, and the Statute of Lvidence Amendment Bill 'Hie Gaols Act Amendment Bill, tho Gomo Act Amendment Bill (both have received tho Royalassent) the Employ- ment of reñíales Bill, the Fisheries Bill, and the Trust Estates Bill, have been passed The Impounding Bill has been put through committee but it is not to bo proceedod with further untü the Fencing Act has been received The Council has now under its consideration the Railway Bill the Vinend mg Land Bill, and the Supremo Court Bill lilrOBTWIOV OF CATTLE FItOM NEW ZEVLV.VD A press telegram was received fromSjdnoy on the 23rd ult, to the effect that the Go v ernment of New South Wales had issued a proclamation piohibiting the importation of cattle or fodder from New Zealand or Vic tona, because the latter colony had refused to prohibit the importation of New Zealand cattle, m accordance with an agreement entered into at the last intercolonial con- ference The Victorian Government imme diately issued a Gazette Extraordmai u pro hibiting importation from New Zealand, and upon this being telegraphed to Sydney, the prohibition of the Now South Wales Govern. ment was removed. It Beems, however, that after all the Neiv South Wales Government only prohibited the importation of cattle from New Zealand via Victoria, and not tlie importation of Victorian cattle. But Mr. Parkes suffered Mr. Francis to remain in the belief that the tenonr of the proclamation was as has been stated, and hence the pro- hibition of the importation of New Zealand cattle upon the part of Victoria. It seems singular, to say the least, that the Govern- ment of New South Wales should havo taken the action it did, at BUCII an inconvenient per¡od¡ yvitliout first communicating with the Victorian authorities, and that Sir. Parkes should then have allowed Mr. Francis to act under a misapprehension. As a matter of fact, it may be stated that no cattle or sheep have been imported into this colony from New Zealand since the 1st of August last. GOLD AND THE GOLD-FIELDS. Gold-mining has been carried ou steadily and successfully during tho past month. The yields, so far as can be ascertained, aro quite equal to the averages that have been re- corded during the last few years, and so long as they evince no falling off, it may bo said that tho industry is becoming indi vidually much more profitable. For some years paBt there has been a constant diminu- tion in the number of minora actually at work, oyving principally to the fact that many of them left mining to settle down on the land, or follow trades and other occupa- tions. The natural consequence to be ex- pected from the reduction in the number of miners yvas a large reduction in tho yield of gold, which, however, lins not talton placo, so far, at least, as the last two or three years were concerned, tho overage yields for each individual minor having boen so iiuiLli more tuan lormeriy, tuai wey have kept up the total returns to an amount equal to yvhat was obtained from a groater number of miners sevcial years ago The increased jield, as compared with tho miners employed is due to tho great pro grcss yvhich has been made m tho develop ment of quarts mining by the successive dis covery for a long time past of now quartz reefs and the uuproy emente and extensions which have been added to the machinery emploi ed for crushing and extracting gold from quart/ stone Tlie quartz minmi, in dustry has now indeed attained to such dimcnmnns that the returns from it exceed those from alluyml mining which was too original and, until íeccuUy the principal mode of obtaining gold Scarcolv a month ever i asses by without be mngits testimony to the increase of quat U mining by the record of a new discovery of a gold bearing quart? leef cither in a well known quarts district or in a distnct where previously quart? mining if followed at all was only earned on tentatively Sandhurst especially has been yeiy lemarkablo for the great atndes made theie m quartz mining ilunng the last three or four years and it has been mainly through the reofs which a] pear to run in and around tho city of Sand hurst itself that tho yield of gold has been kept up notnithst Hiding the falling off m the number of miners employed in the coloni I hei e hay e been scv ei al announce meiits made duane the past month of the still mg of new reefs 01 indications of reefs in some of the many prospecting compmios now at yy ork at Sandhurst and though there has not as yet been sufficient time to asccr tam the vnino of the discoveues they add anothei proof to the now almo3t universal opinion that the riches of Suidhurst aio comparât, c'y speaking inexhaustible At the present time the greater proportion of the Sandhurst mines aio doing yvell but none are givwgsuch extraordinary returns as were furnished some months back by the Great Extended Hustler s Company by its tribute company and by the Johnson s Roof Goldmines and the result is that tho shaic marl et is somewhat dull at present Tho Bharo maiket cannot hoyvevcr alter the returns from the mines as they will con tnmc m iccoidance with the succoss of the various claims yvhether the unieasonable speculation with IIIL.1I prîtes of shaies which too often j rev ails here ia tho nile or not Hie accounts from Stawell the quarts numngdistiict which is second in importance in the oolony aro also encouraging as from time to time new reefs are found each of which shows the iichness of the country thereabouts m quartz gold It is now con sidcrcd by many that Stayvcll will m the long ran be quite as good a matt/ distnct as Bnndhuist Ouite recently too Blackwood -w Inch ia situated in the Ballarat district but a long distance from the city of Ballarat \- baa como prominently into notice m con aequence of the TCIJ rich i durna from some of its quaiU îeefs especially one m the Sultan claim the last return of that claim was at the rate of 2oz of gold per ton fiom 2 K1 tons of stone and it is aaid the company havemanj years of piofitablo work before thom On Ballarat itsolf winch has boon pcrliai s the nt best alluv i d milling disti ict m the world attention ia now being constantly directed to quart/ mining in somo in stances with success and it ia hoped and believed that Ballarat will yet bo a great quart? mining tow n A few vv ceka ago rhcro was a rusli to some new alluvial diL.giiiL,8 at Lal Lal near Ballal at and it waa stud that a fair quantity of hno gold and niifctcts were obtained there one ot the 1 it ter 1 cinfe of the weiüit of bOo/ lhere have often been fetus in the minda of ovvneia of buildings at Ballarat when it liaB been known oi suspected that minors were at work bunovvmg underneath ti en ground that their properties would be in jured by subsidence of tlio ground caused b> its being undermined Vory httlo in jury was really caused but now tho trustees of St Paul s Church Ballarat Fast feeling satisfied that a uch quart/ reef exists undei their chinch îcserve if not undoi the chuich itself and noticing the increasing desire among miners to open up claims on that particular line of reef ¡the Danish) have piudently determined instead of ro fusing all right to mine to adopt a mining policy for tho protection or restoration of their property and recently invited tenders from persons wilbng to mino thero under certain stringent conditions Thoso tenders were opened and one of a party represented by Mr J II Whitby was accepted The terms aro said to be £1 a week for rent of ground and 10 per cent on all gold obtained, with a deposite to meet demands for damage to property lease to be for five years and if within a given time the property romanía un injured the deposit with intorcst, ia to bo returned to the lessee The total quantity of gold exported from the commencement of this year to the 11th ult. wan, according to the Customs returns, l,0I8,037oz., of which 102,250o_. waa tran- shipped from New Zealand. The total ex- ports during the corresponding period of last year amounted to l,042,83Soz., of which ii9,391oz. was the produce of New Zealand. The Customs returns cannot, however, ho taken as any positive test of the athount of gold obtained in the colony, as the Royal Mint, now in operation here, received gold during n part of last year and throughout this year. As it received more gold during tho few months at the commencement of its operations than it did in subsequent ones, it is probable that it received oa much from Moy to October of last year as it did from January to October of this year, and if that were BO, the total yield from January to October of each of tlio two years would be about the same quantity. AGRICULTURAL. Tho season continuée to reaomble in its general characteristics that of tho last springr in Great Britain, Great heats have occurred rtt an unusually early date, leading to feara that drought would ensuo ; and auch, in- deed, actually took place, but its continuance was brief. On the night of the 30th October a strong rainfall commenced, and continued long enough to dispel all anxiety, with regard to tho safety of such crops as were merely wanting supplies of moisture. This, tho principal source of anxiety, has thus been re- moved for tho present ; and in somo of tho earlier districts, it ia said, tho wheat crop may be regarded as safe. Oats promise badly in many localities, and in somo parts they have Buffered severely from tho disoase known as takeall. The appearanco of young locusts is reported in several districts, and over the Murray caterpillars aro spoken of, but it is rather too soon for this last pest to make its appearance further south. Pros-.. j it; CI H, upon eue yvuoie, cannot ue regaruoa as favourable, but it must bo rcniombercd that crops in this climate are never past recovery whilst life is in them. Some of our best returns have boen garnered from crops yvhich yvere very unpromising a couple of months before harvest. The spring exhibition of tho National Agri- cultural Sociotyof Victoria took place the third week in October, near Melbourne, at the so- ciety's grounds on the St. Kilda road. The show was in many respects the best the so. ciety has held. Shorthorns yvere more mime- rons] y and better represented than at pre- vious shows, long-wool sheep also were in greater force, and the implement and ma- chinery sections were wcll'filled with mechan- ism of the most improved construction. It is noteworthy in connexion yvitii this depart- ment of the show that no colonial-made Eortable stcam-engineB were this yoar cxhi ited, although the manufacturo of railroad engines is now being undertaken in tho colony for the Government. Imported im- plements and machinery are still largely used by farmers, but at the exhibition the greater part of the ploughs, liai rows, reaping and mowing machines wero of colonial manufac- ture. The stile of stock which took place after the show was not so yvell supported as late sales hare been. On account of Mr. John Mickle (England), the following im- ported Btock were Bold, viz. :-Royal Duke, 2 years and G months, to Mr. A. Booth, Coburg, for £510 guineas (privately) ; the Earl of Waterloo, 2 yeara and 8 months, to the Hon. Niel Black, for £500 ¡ Lord George, 2 years and G months, to Mr. F. B. Hann, Dande- nong, for 270 guineas ; Grand Prince, 19 . months old, to Messi-s. Roy, Simpson, and Co., Loddon River, for 210 guineas ; and Baron Acomb 2nd, to Mr. Gardener, Essen- don, for 170 guineas. For Mr. Chappell, Restdown Station, six colonial-bred heifers yvere sold for £1,250, and ono bull for £150. Mr. Chappell has been using Biics of the Butterfly tribe. A con. siderablo number of bulls of all ages found purchasers at from 30 guineas to £100, the supply being rather in excess of demand. The coloniul Heroford bull Regent, 14 months old, yvas Bold for £140, and Royal Butterfly 23rd for 110 guineas. A sale has since taken place at Melbourne of the herd of Mr. God- frey Mackinnon, of Riverina, at which tho ' imported Biro General Hopewell realised 380 guineas, and Roan Butterfly, colonial-bred, 115 guineas. MEAT-PRESERVING. Shearing having been finished, the supply of fat sheep in the market lins increased, and-" is likely to increase still further, and the prico ia consequently diminishing. It is oxpected that the preserved meat companies will extend their opeiations. Owing to tho high price of cattle, the increasing scarcity of rabbits, and the fact that this is the close season for other kinds of game, operations have been temporarily suspended at the Colac meat-presorving factory. The newa of the failure of Mr. Harrison's frozen meat experiment, through tho defec- tive construction of the tanka used and other causea, produced a feeling of general regret in the colony. But tho failuro does not aeem to have led anyone here to disbeliovo in tho proce88. _ THE LABOUR MARKET. There is still the same demand for skilled abour in nearly every trado that has beon noticed for many months past. Tho building trade is brisk, and the workmon have taken advantage- of this circumstance to domand higher wages. The bricklayers' labourers have struck for 8s. per day's work of eight hours. An attempt ia about being made to form a trades union in this branch of labour. BO as to compel all men at this work to join in the demand for higher wages. The tailors have succeeded in forcing the employers to accept the now log, which it ia hardly necea sary to say ia in favour of the mon. Good workmen in tina trade are acareo. In tho boot trade matters are at present in a very unsatisfactory state. Buaiueas is slack, and one or two of tho larger factories have taken the opportunity of reducing their rateB to those generally given, and a half sort of strike boa taken place. The bakers aro holding out for shorter and more convenient hours, but these demands tho employers cannot well give and;supply hi ead at the usual times in the morning. A strike is threatened in the largo eatabliahmonta. The clothing fac- tories are still in full work ; there is no altera- tion in the wages paid. In the country labour is becoming very acatce for farming work, and tbcie is a pioapect of a vory difficult hal vost time for the farmers. The difficulty in supplying the demand for domestic ser- vants ia becoming greater cvory day. Country ordeia aie now coming in very heavy, but tho supply ia moro scarce than ever. The demand for labour is beginning to havo the usual effect in mining as well aa other branches of industry. At Stawell the miners are paid at the rate of £2 10s. per week, and of late thoy have struck for a re- duction of the day's labour from eight hours to six boura. The following are the laica of wages paid : Domeatic Servants.-For Town-House- maids, £2G to £30 pei annum ; female cook» leceive fiom £35 to £52 per annum ¡ male do., 20s. to 70s. per week ; nuisemaids, £25 to£30 pei annum ; Iauiidresses,£30to£40perannum. For Hotels- Cooks, malo and fomalc, £50 to £100 per annum ; housemaids, £30 to £35 perdo. For Stutions-Fii-st-closs married couples for home stations, £70 to £90 per annum ,-socond cluss do., with childi en, £10 to £50 per do.; cooks, £40 to £52 per do.¡ housemaids, £30 to £35 per do. For Farms-Mon cooks, £40 to £52 jier annum ; married couples, £50 to £00 pei do.; female general servants, £30 to £35 per do. AVaiters for hotels, 20B. to 30s. per week; groceis' assistants, 15s. to 30s. do. ; general stoie do., 20s. to 40s. do. ; drapers' assistants, 30s. to 40s. do. ; nursery governesses, £30 to £40 poi annum ; finishing do., £60 to £80 do. Station Hands.-DroveiB, from 25a. to -10a. per week; giooma and atockmon, 20a. do.; farm servants and ploughmen, £40 to £50 per annum ; stock-ridors and boundary-men, £35 to £60 per annum ; ahcpheids, IBs. to 20a. per week. Sheareia in Riverina receive from 17a. to 20a. per 100 sheep, without rations : in Victoria the rate ia from Ila. to 12s. per 100 sheep, with rations. The following wogea for skilled labourera and othor tradesmen aro without rations, unlesB wlicro specially mentioned : Building Trados.-Stonemasona, 11s. ppr day ; plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, 10s. per do.jcaiiieuters, 10s. tolls, pei do.: labourers. 6s. to 7B. per do.; piok-and- shovel mon, Gs. per do. The day's work is eight hours. Bootmakers.-Forrivettinixcliildren'sboots tho rate is Gd. per pair ; boys, 10d.; women's, Is. ; and men s, Is. 3d. The same rates are paid for finishing. In some of the best order shops the rates paid aro :-Wellingtons, 10s.; elastics, 7s. Gd.; closing, 8s. Good hands for ladies' boots are scarce. Bakers. - First-class workmen (foremen) average £3 per week ; second handB, £2 to £3 2s. In inferior shops the rates are slightly lower. Butchers.-Shopmen receive from 35s. to 40s. per week ; boys, 15s. to 20a. per yveek ; slaughtermen receive from 40s. to 50s. per week ; small-goods men (pork butchers) re- ceive 30s. to 40s. per week, with rations ; superior men receive more. Brassfinishers and Coppersmiths.-Thoie is a full supply of labour in this trade. The average rate of yvoges paid ¡B 10s. per day, the payment being 15d. per hour. Cabinetmakers.-The average earnings of good tradesmen is 9s. per day, though some superior hands get higher wages. Second class workmen earn from 35s. to 40s. per week. Upholsterers can earn from £2 10a. to £3 per yveek. Coopers.-Most of tho work in this trade is done by tho piece ; the wages fixed by the trade are 10s. per day of 10 hours. Tallow casks are made at 5s. Cd. for thirds and 4s. Cd. for fourths, yvhich latter are now most made. Coachbuilders.-Smiths receive from £210s. to £310s. per week. A few bands earn as high as £4 per week. Bodymakers-Most of this work is done by the piece. The average earnings of good hands aro from £210s. to as high as £4 per yveek. Wheelers-Most of this work is done by the piece ; the wages made are from £2 10s. to £3 10s. per week. Painters receive from 9s. to 12s. per day. 'Trimmeis eani from £3 to £3 10s. per week ; and vyee men from £2 to £2 10a. per week. Clothing Factories.-Whero the yvork ia .done on the premises, the yvage3 earned .arc ' as follow ?-Tailoresses, from £1 to £1 15s. per week ; prossers, £2 to £2 15s. and upwards. From 12s. to £1 is earned at shirtmaking in factory hours, but the greater portion, is taken home. Clothing machinists earn from 15s. to 30s. per week in factory hours, from 9 till 0. Farriers.-Firat-class firemen get £2 15s. per yveek ; door-men receive £2 5s. per do. ; inferior yvorkmen receive from £110s. to £2 per week. Farriers for the country receive from 20s. to 30s. per yveek, with their board and lodging. Grooms in livery atables get from 30a. to 40s. per week ; coachmen receive from 40s. to 50s. per do. Gardeners.-The best men for situations near town get from 3Gs. to 42s. per yveek without rations ; for situations in the country, 20s. to 25s. per week with rations ; inferior bunds.receive about 15s. per week, yvith ra- tions. Hatteis. - Bodymakers receive 20s. per dozen ; finishers, 24s. por dozen ; simpers, 6s. to 12s. per dozen ; crown sewers, 5s. per dozen ; trimmers, 8s. per dozen. Ironworkera.-Boilermakers, smiths, fit- ters, and turners, 10s. to 12s. per day ; labourers from Gs. to 7s. per do. Jewellers.-In theipanuf acturing jeyvellers' establishments the workmen receive from £2 15s. to £3 15a. For the finer work the wages range from £5 to £G per yveek. Good tradesmen can get full employment. Good seal engravers are scarce, and can earn as high as £6 to £8 per week. Fiist-class jew euere' enamellers arc much wanted. The work is highly paid and not well done. Enamellers can make the same wages. Hair workers and jewel-case makers are also much wanted. There is not an opening for a large number of men in these trades, but tho sup- ply of good tradesmen is short. Miners.-The average rato for miners in the Ballarat district is £2 5s. per week, eight hour shifts ; breaksmen get a slightly higher Tate of vv ages. In Bendigo district, quartz miners in deep sinking, foi pit work, get £2 10a.; ordinary quartz-minera get £2 5s. per week; engineera receive £3 to £3 10s. In Bendigo, moat of the work is done on tribute. In Alexandra, Maryborough, and Dayles- ford, miners receive £2 10s. per week. Most of the work in Gipps Land ia done by con tiact ; where wages are paid, the men receive from £2 10s. to £3. Navvies.-The rate paid the men em- ployed on the North-Eastern Railway ia9d. lier hour. Manufacturing Stationeis.-Vellum and book binders receive GOs. per week. Rulers are paid at the same rate. Lithographic printers aie paid at the rate of 50s. per week. Machine printers receive 70s. per do. Ma- chino and letterpress printers receive from 60s. to 70s, per week. Painteis and Glaziers.-Fail tradesmen re- ceive fiom 8s. to 10s. per day. This trade ia fully supplied. Plumbeis and Gasfitters receivo £3 per week of eight hours per day. Printers. &c-; The rate paid in this trade is IB VIM 1.000 TV. rv">,."{"o*,,|¡ntj ^fnUrmon,' establishments lithographers are paid £210s. lu Si los. per week : bmdeia, £2 to £3 per week ; paper miera, £3 to £3 10a. per week. The demand for labour in theao tradea ia limited, and ia at present fully supplied. Stevedores' Men, &c-Lumpers; get 12a. per day when in work. Engmeers.in tow-boats and donkey-engine drivera receive £18 per month. Ship Carpenters.-The rate paid in thia trade ¡8 13a. per day of eight hours. Work irregular. ¡sailors receive to per montn in sailing vessels, and £6 per month in steamships. ?"The men resolved to demand £8 per month for homeward-bound vessels; but'yvere unable to obtain it, and have gone back to £5. Saddlers.-The supply of really good trades- men is short, bnt second-class workmen are plentiful enough. The earnings are about £2 10s. per week. The commoner sorts of work are not paid for so well, and wages vary from 25s. to 30s. per week. The work in this trade is nine hours per day. Tanners and Curricre.- Beomsmen receive 40s. to 50s. per yveek ; shedsmen, 42s. to 45s. per do.; tanners, 38s. to 45s. per do.-time, 10 hours per day. Curriers, at piecework, can earn from 50s. to 70s. per week. Tailors.-In first-class establishments the rate paid is Is. per hour. In second-class shops the earnings are from £210s. to £3 per week. In factories the rates vary, tlie men being often paid by the piece. Where wages are paid, the rato is 40s. per week in factory hours. Tinsmiths.-Owing to tho meat-preserving companies not being fully employed, a good many men in this trade nie out of work at present. In the trade the rate is from £2 10s. to £3 per week of 10 hours per day. Watchmakers.-The general rate of wages in this trade is £4 per yveek, though some of the superior workmen get as high as £G. CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The annual session of the Church of Eng- land Assembly of Victoria was commenced on the 21st ult. in tho Town-hall, when there was a very large attendance of lay and clerical members. The Right Rev. Dr. Perry, bishop of Mel. bourne, in accordance with his usual custom, delivered tin opening address, in which he mentioned the various funds of tho church, regretted the slow progress the church was making in the largo centres of population, and announced that three bills of consider- able importance would be introduced during the session, namely,-one for the creation of a new diocese in the colony to be called the "Ballarat diocese ; another to provide for the appointment of future bishops of Melbourne ; and a third to provide for imparting systema- tic religious instruction totlio young, and ap- propriating the moneys derived from the sell- ing or letting of school lands. Of tho three bills introduced, the most important was the one for the creation of a new dioceso in the colony, yvhich has hereto iore been all included in the dioceso of Mel- bourne. The measure was culled, shortly, the Ballarat Bishopric Bill, and it provided that tho portion of the colony lying to the west of ?the 144th meridian of longitude should bo erected into a now dioceso to be called the Diocese of Ballarat. The aiea of the colony thus severed from the diocese of Melbourne comprises about half of the colony, so that the two dioceses of Melbourno and Ballarat will be about equal in size. Tho Melbourne diocese, however, contains a much larger liopulal ion than the new dioceso will ; but there aro a number of gold-fields, agricultural, and seaport townships included in the latter, besides a largo extent of rich grabine country, so that there ought to bo no difficulty yvhat evor, if the members of tho church in the dioceso aro only fairly liberal, to support a bishop in a manner suitable to the dignity of his office. The two prin- cipal points' of the bill wove, the mode of election of the bishop and tho timo when the'dioceso should bo constituted. It provided that tho first bishop should bo nominated by tho bishop of Melbourne for the time being, acting with the advice and consent of a committee consisting of tho archdeacon of Ballarat and Hamilton for the lime being, and two other clergymen and two laymen. The mode of election was strongly objected to by a number of mombera, who wished to have it conducted ao that a colonial clergy- man might be appointed bishop-the gentle- man whom it waa their wiall to aelect being evidently Archdeacon Stretch, who had been mainly ui8trumental in îaising a large por- tion of the endowment fund necessary for the now diocese ; but that gentleman himself waa opposed to the wiah, and strongly sup- ported an understanding expressed, but not placed in the bill in actual words, that the bishop should be selected from the United Kingdom. It was then pointed out by other speakers that, as Archdeacon Stretch could not and would not accept tho office, as it might be invidiously said he bad collected the fund for himself, it would not, he being archdeacon of Ballarat and Hamil- ton, he right to place any other clorgyman over him. Eventually it waa decided that the Bishop of Melbourne, acting with the advice and consent of the Archbiahops of Canterbury and York and Sir W. F. Stawell, Chief Justice of Victoria, ahould name the first bishop. As introduced, the biU provided that the appointment ot the new bishop should be made when an endow- ment fund returning £500 a year, and an additional incomo of £500 a year, had beon secured ; but an amendment was moved by Archdeacon Stretch, that the Bishop of Mel- bourne should as soon as possibly might he after the passing of the bill, proceed to nominate the new bishop, Tho mover of the amendment protested agahist the policy of waiting any longer before they proclaimed the new dio- cese. Thoy had now, he said, within £1,400 of the £10,000 íequired for the endowment. They had also £2,000 promised under certain conditions from the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and they had a reso- lution on their records that not more than £10,000 from the money set aside from tho Victorian State Aid Fund might be given for the endowment of a new bishopric, so that if they only reckoned £8,000 of that money to be devoted to the purpose, they would have the whole of the £20,000 which was required to secute the necessary income of £1,000. The amendment was carried, and the bill was agreed to without any fuither material alteration, excepting one of boundary, it being agreed to adopt, instead of the arbitrary line of the 144th meridian, another division following natural or known lines of demar- cation, but running as near as was possibly convenient to the 144th meridian. The bill to provide for the appointment of future biahopa of Melbourne wa8 passed with- out any material alteration from the form in which it was introduced. It was pointed out by the gentleman yvho had charge of it before the assemblj that it was only recently thei had been enabled by an act passed m the Victoiian Legislature to elect their own bishop Tlie bill provided that the church assembly should elect a board of nominators consisting of six clergj men and six laymen, and that yvhen a vacancy occurred ni the see, it yyould be the duty of the board imme- diately to select three clergj men for nomina- tion, after which they would report their selections to the person vv ho vv ould at the time be administering the allans of the diocese, and he yv ould then call a meeting of members of the assembly, who would by ballot elect a bishop from the three clergy- men who had been selected by the board The bill to provide for the systematic reh gious instruction of theiouth of the colony from money B to be deny ed from the selling or letting of school lands was introduced at a later period of the session than eithei of the two diocesan billa Itvvasexplained thatin consequence of the new state system of edu- cation here-under which all are taught free -being likely to take away all the children from other schools it was necessaiy that some provision should be made for the reli- gious mstmction of children, the education giv en in the Btate schools being 011I5 secular When the Education Act constituting the state schools was passed, the Legislature gaye over to the denominations, all of whom had îeccivcd giants of land and money for the building of then schools and foi the salaries of their schoolmasters, whatever schools or school lands had been given to thom w bolly or m part by the state, and it was by that money tlie bill introduced this session into the Church Assembly pro- posed to cany on the sjstematic re ligious mstmction of children Tho mode of imparting the religion waa not stated, but under the bill a board con sisting of the bishop, the dean, the arch- deacons, foul persons to be appointed bj tho bishop, and two clergj men and two laj men to be elected by tlie assemblj, were to íeceive all the moneys and appropnate them as they considered advisable The bo trd was elected as pioposed, but stiong objections were raised against trustees of schools hay nig to hand oyer the proceeds of school pionerty over yvhich they had contiol, and after a long discussion it was agreed that m parishes or distnets vvhcie the trastees let thopro ijorty which had been mudo o>ci tu the denomination thai ol rmld 000 tint all tho local requirements 111 the way of Sunday school and other religious nistiuction were given first 111 their ow 11 districts and then hand over any surplus to the board The absolute nght to the school properties was not, hovvevei, given by the state to the trus- tees, but to the denominations, and it was agreed that in case any trustees thought it advisable to sell the property under their control the moneys derived should be paid over to the board for the furtherance of 'religious instruction in the colony gene- rally. ' A private bill was introduced by Mr. R; A. Billing to conatitute the colony of Victoria a province on the creation of the diocese of Ballarat, which will be effected when the new bishop ia appointed. The bill aleo pro poaed that the bishop of Melbourne 8hould be the metropolitan of the province, and although it met with the support of a ma- jority of members, it waa brought forward at too late a period of the session to allow of its being passed In accordance with the standing orders. It ¡3 probable that it will be intro- duced again in a short session, which the bishop has announced his intention of call- ing in February next. The assembly sat for nine days, and dealt with a largo amount of other business of local importance. The Right Rev. Dr. Perry in his closing address, delivered on the 31st ult., expressed his approval of the Ballarat Bishopric Bill and the bill providing for the appointment of future bishops of Melbourne, and stating that ho should proceed to Eng- land about March next with the view of selecting a bishop for the new diocese. * TnE WEATHER. During the three weeks after the last Eng- lish mail loft hero the weather was very fine, and on some days unusually hot for tho season of the year. In the first two of the weeks named only little rain fell, while in tljo third there was none at all, and in con- sequence complaints were heard that the country was fast becoming dried up, and the grass would Boon disappear if rain did not fall, All other kinds of vegetation also began to suffer, and there were fears that a dry summer waa coming on but a splendid rainfall occurred about the 31st ult which altogether altered the appearance of the countrj, and prevented anj chance of dionght for some time to come even should there be no ram The highest tompeiature m the shade dining tho month was 81 Sdeg on the after noon of the lGth ult and the theimometer registered neirly as high on several other dijs 'Die lowest temperature was 42 2deg on the early morning of the 20th ult Tho highest leading of the barometer was 30172m on the morning of the 19th ult and the low est 29 377m on tho afternoon of the 31st ult The amount of rainfall in the month was 2 Glin , ofwhichlGGin fell on or about the Ust ult The measuiement of the lain which fell dilling thejcai up to the 1st mat was 23 5Gm , as compaied with 21 run dunng the same period in 1872, 23 12m in 1871, 28 lim m 1870, 21 52m in IS».«) 1177m m 18G8 21 Win m 18G7, l8 Glin m 180(1 13 80m m 18C5 2137in m 1SG1 2173111 in ISO i 20 G5in inl8G2 2" 10m m 18(>1, 1711m in 18G0, 19 Oom m 18>9, 10 3 >m m 1858, oi an aveiage of 21 04m RAILWAY RETURNS 1 ho returns of the traffic on the Victorian lines of lailway continue to show a consider- able mci ease over the returns of last j ear Hie îeturn of paasengei traflto for the week ending 23rd October is £1,80914a , as againat £4 331 38 foi tho corresponding period of last j car, showing an increase of £178 11s in favour of the present >ear The goods trail"e gives a return of £12,809 10s 7d , as against £11,087 5s 8d last veai, showing an increase in this blanch of tiaflic amounting to £1722 4a lid Tho total returna for tho week amount to £17,019 4s 7d as against £15.418 8s 8d giving an increase on the week's traffic of £2,200 15s lid m favour of the present >ear The aggregate returns to date from 1st July aro £219 239 18s 8d, as against £208,198 17s lid , tho returns for the cor responding period oc last year, giving an in- crease of £41,011 Os. lOd. in favour of the present year, with one day's returns less. The weekly average for 17 weeks is £14,661 3s. 6d., as against £12,24619a. 10d., showing a weekly increase of £2,414 3s. 8d. as com- pared with last year. The returns of traffic on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Com- pany's line for the four weeks ending October 23, 1873, compared with- the four weeks ending Octobor 24,1872, show receipts from passengers, £7,905 13a. Gd., against £7,157 14s. Gd. for 1872, an increase of £747 19s. Receipts from merchandise, £4,222 15a., against £3,929 10s. 2d. for 1872, showing an increase of £292 18s. lOd. Total receipts, £12,128 8s. 6d., against £11,087 10s. 5d. for 1872, giving a total increase of £1,040 17s. lOd. The aggregate receipts from 1st July amounted to £40,011 8a. 5d., against £40,440 Is. Gd. during the cor- responding period of last year, giving an increase of £5,595 Ga. lid. The weekly average for 1873 amounted to £2,802 10a. 5d., against £2,440 14s. 3d. for 1872, an increase this yeor of £3G116s. 2d. THE VOLUNTEERS. Great interest is felt in the rifle competi- tion, yvhich will commence ut Melbourno on the 12th November. It is the 13th ineoting held m connexion with the Victorian Ride Association. A very largo number of entries haB been received, both in this colony and from New South Wales and New Zealand. Repiesentatives from each of the three colo- nies will compete in the Intercolonial Small- bore Match. As this is the first occasion on which volunteers from the neighbouring colo- nies will have visited Victoria in their military capacity, the volunteers of this colony are making preparations to give them a hospitable reception. RACING. The annual steeplechase meeting of the Flemington Hunt Club was held at Kyneton on the 14th October. Tlie weather was vory fine, and the attendance large. Tlieipro gramme commenced with the Handicap Hurdle Race, which was won by Native ; Maori, the favourite, was second, and Ulysses third. Eight horses started for the Flemington Hunt Club Cup. Tlie winner yvas old Babbler, yvho was ridden by his owner, Mr. H. Wilson. Morisco finished a moderate second ; Caliph was third. Phillis and Mocking Bird were the only starters for the Selling Flat Race. The fermer proved the winner after a dead heat. Six horses started for the Handicap Steeplechase. Trumpeter won in good style. Sebastopol y\as second, and Murat third. Marmion won the Selling Hurdle Race, Orlando being the only othei starter. The Selling Steeplechase was won by Eclipse. The geneial entry for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting took place on the 21stOctobcr. Though considerably larger than last year the entries were not quite so large as yvas expected from the number of horses in baining. The iii st day o£ the meeting was the 1st November. The weather was duli; and threatening rain, consequently the attendance yvas below what was ex- pected. The first race was the Melbourno Stakes, yvhich was won easily by Dagwoith, beating five others. The Hotham Handicap was won by Imperial, who was never mentioned in the betting, Nimblefoot was second, and King Tom thud Stockbridge, bj Stockham, won the Maribyrnong Plate, Jacko, aSjdncv bred colt, by Kingston, was second, and Mcnindie, by Australian, third None of the Maribyrnong bred two j ear olds seemed a place T vventy tw o started for this race The five fuilongs were covered m limn 9sec The Derby was won by Lapidist, by Iire vvorks Mountaineer was second, and Maid of Avenel third Eleven started The Es sendon Stakes was won by Don Juan ; Fitz Yattendon was second, and Horatio third In the lootscraj Plate, Latona easily de- feated a verj moderato field It has been the custom since the formation of the Vic tona Racing Club for the Melbourne daily journals to he furnished with passes for the reporters to attend the races 'tt ithout the slightest explanation these passes were not sent on the occasion of the present Spring Meeting, and the discourtesj of the com- mittee of the club was resented bj the daily papera which took no notice of the meeting bejond giving a bare record of the iesult3 of the racing The absence of all racing in- formation m the morning papers has caused the greatest o> «tennent both in town and country, and ahowa how widespread ia thfe mteiest taken m the subject in Victoria OUT-DOOR AMUSEMENTS. The 'approaching visit of the All-England Eleven, who aro now on their way to .Vic- toria, has cicated an unusuaL stir in cricket- ing circles, not only here, but in other colonies Of course the "etiipf Victoria 'v. England match w'ill be'pliijed in Melbourno, but our kinsmen from beyond the seas will alBO play in some of our country districts. The]* yvill likewise visit South Australia, and possibly Now South Wales and Tasmania. The annual Parliament v. Piess oricket match is fixed for the 21st inst. MUSIC. ' Madame Arabella Goddard closed her highly successful > tour i in Australia at the Melbourne Town-hall, on the 9th October, and left this part of the ¡world for India and the East on the Uth of that month, by the P. and 0. Company's steamer China, taking with her Mrs. Smythe and Signor Susini as vocalists, and Mr. Smythe as agent. The inteicst attaching to high class performances by a lady soloist, was not allowed to Hag after the departure of Madame Goddard. A scries of concerts was given at the Opera-house, commenting on the 13thult., in which Mademoiselle Jenny Claus, a joung Parisienne of gteat talent, appeared as the leading atti action. A pupil of Vieux terops and a y lohnist of finished excellence in playing, Mademoiselle Claus has become an a8suied favourite with the Melbourne musical public. Aftei the conceits at the Opcia- house, which were undertaken in con- nexion with Mr. Lister, the manager of that establishment, an eiiteitainment was given at the Town-hall on the 27th ult., and tho following day Mdlle. Claus left for Adelaide. Mdlle. ClauB is accompanied by M. Rekel (pianist), and Mdlle. Rekel, a young vocalist of promise. The other singeis at thebo concerts were Mrs Cutter, Miss Cbnstian, Mr. Beaumont, Mr.Templeton, and Mr. Farley. Mr. liait (violoncello) aud Mi. Lascelles (piano) also took part in the enter- tainments. Miss Christian goes vuth the Claus and Rekel company to Adelaide. They will shortly return to Melbourne, which they make their head-quarters. The EngliBU. opera company finished an extended season on tlie lltb. ult. Since they commenced, on the 9th of last June, they hav e played the following works, namely -"Barbe Bleue," "Bohemian Gul," "Giand Duchess," "Sa tanella," "Muntana," "The Daughter of the Regiment," "The Lily of Killarney," "The Rose of Castile," " Maitha," _ "Fia Diavolo " " Der Freischutz," " Geneviève do Bialmil,' and "Cinderella ' In addition to these there were various musical tiiflea of the Offenbach stamp given as well aa selected scenea fiom other opeiaa Miss Alice Maj, the prim t donna of the English opera season, goes with a small company on a provincial tour, undei the management of Mi G B Allen The Open house, after Icing closed foi a few dajs opened again on the 1st inst, with the company of Italian singers Then fust performance vv as given undei difficulties as the singers themselves i had little more than tune enough to leach Melbourne in order to meet their ad veitiBed appointment, the steamei Alex andia, which brought thom from Sjdney, having run agiound in Hobson's Baj, and tlicir wardiobc and music being loft behind them Thej manated to give a fair performance of ' Lucia and have since then settled down to habitual vv oik The present season is to last for 24 nights, and thus far thej have plajed "Lucia di Lam meimoor," 'Luctezia Borgia' "La Son nambula " and "Noima' The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave a performance of najdn's " Cieation at the Town hall on October the 21st, the principal v ocalists being Mrs Howitz, Mr Beaumont, and Mi S Lambie Signor Gioiza produces this evening, November 5, at the Town kail, and for the first time m Melbourne, a work by Mcrcadante, which, undei an English title, is known aa "The Saviours Last Words* Mr Summers, an oigamst of repute m this place, gives " organ con certs" each Satuiday night at the Town hall Tvvo have taken place already, and there aro four moro to come The programme is varied hythe performance of vocal selections, but the attendance on the part of the public thus far has not beon great There has been plenty of mixed music at bazaars and flower shows, and the musical societies, which aro numerous about Melbourne, are all in active practice. The new band attached to the Victorian military head quarters will sooa make ita oppcaranco in pubbo THEATRES. Air. Dampier made hia first appearance at the Theatre Royal on the 9th of last month as Othello. He appeared in the character of lago the next evening. In the latter part he achieved a fair amount of success. "Ruy Blas" followed, but it was not received with much favour, and soon made way for the "Sea of Ice," which gave greater satisfac- tion. In each of these pieces Mr. Dampier proved himself a very useful mem- ber of the company. Of late the prin- cipal feature of the performances at the Theatre Royal has been the troupe of Siamese jugglers, who are very clever, but seem hardly at home in uur leading theatre. On the 1st inst. the comedy of " Pygmalion and Galatea " was reproduced at this thcatro with the original cast, Miss Caroy, Miss Shepparde, and Mr. Coppin resuming their parts. Miss Carey was warmly wel- comed back to the stage after her short re- tirement from illness. The Emerson troupe at St. Geoige's Hall have been drawiug good bouses during the past month. Their season will terminate in a few weeks. The Princess's Thcatro has been opened by Mr. John Smith with what is called a combination troupe, consisting of concert-hall singeis, who, it is creditable to the taste of the colony, do not tako well ; a clever ventriloquist, wnose entertainment is much moie suited to the public taste ; and some íemaikably active acróbata. DEATHS IN THE HOSPITALS. The following are lists of the deaths (ex- clusive of natives) that havo taken place in the Melbourne and Alfred hospitals aince our lost summary, specifying as far as they are known the names of the deceased persons, their ages, places of birth, dates of arrival in the colony, the names of the vessels in which they arrived, and the causes of death : MELUOllUNE HOSPITAL. , Ah Cheong, fisherman, aged 50, native of Canton ; arrived in 1857, ship unknown ; died October 2, of disease of tho heart. . Baron, James, clerk, aged 19, native of Manchester ; arrived in 1873 hy the Van Dieman ; died October 10, of phthisis. Bos wett, James, cutler, aged C7, native of Dover; arrived in 1848 by the York ; died October 28, of rheumatism. Bolton, Charles, store- keeper, aged 20, native of Suffolk ; arrived in 1872 by the Lincolnshire ¡died October 22, of accidental injuries. Barnicle, Joseph, basketmaker, aged 40, native of Warwick- shire : arrived in 1854 by the James Cairns ; died October 7, of pneumonia. Cain, Henry, seaman, aged 40, native of England ; arrived in 1873 by the Antiope ; died October 9, of injury from a fall. Cock- ing, Joseph, lamplighter, aged 25, nativo of Cornwall ; arrived m 1855, by the Dunbar ; died October 21, of fracture of tho skulL Crawley, John, groom, aged 40, native of London ; arrived in 1853 by the Asia ; died October 14, of phthisis. Durband, Robert, aged 33, native of Liver- pool ; arrived in 1873 by the British Army ; died October 24, of phthisis. Hup Sing, hawker, aged 40, native of Hong Kong ; arrived in 18GG, ship unknown ; died October 12, of phthisis. Jeffrey, Charles, butcher, aged 41, native of Cambridgeshire ; arrived in 1854 by the Great Britain ; died October 30, of phthisis. Jenkins, William, seaman, açed 42, native of Pem- brokeshire ; arrived in 1851 by the Arabian ; died November 1, of pneumonia. Jones, Fiancis, waiter, aged 32, native of Spain ; arrived in 18G2, ship unknown ; died October 22, of poisoning ; Johnson, Robert, up- holsterer, aged GO, native of London ; arrived in 1853 by the Victoria ; died Octobor 5, of phthisis. Keating, John, shipwright, aged GO, native of Liverpool ; an ivcd in 1859 by tho Queen of England; died October 12, of pericarditis. Keating, John, Beaman, aged GG, native of Newfoundland -, arrived in 1853, ship uu known ; died October 14, of delirium tremens. Miller, Margaret, aged C8, nativo of Scot- land ; arrived in 1861, by the Atalanta ; died October 15, of moibus Brightii. Mitchell, Kichmd, master mariner, aged 5G, native of London ; arrived in 1873, hy the Dunmore ; died October 13, of pleurisy. Moore, Henry, sawyer, aged 3G, native of Wiltshire ; arrived in 18G5, by the Sultana ; died October 10, of typhoid fever. Maloney, James, labourer, aged GO, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1865, by the Western Ocean ; died October 30, of senility and debility. Murray, Mary, aged 48, native of Ireland ; ship and date of arri- val unknown ; died November 1, of phthisis. Minihan, Patrick, labourer, aged G1, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1840, by the Middle- sex ; died October 20, of phthisis. Nelson, John, carter, aged 43, native of Sweden ;? arrived in 1849, ship unknown ; died October 20, of aneurism of the aorta. , Peny, Robert, miner, aged 33, native of Wales ; arrived it) 1854, by the Mermaid ; died October 24, «ifmorbus Brightii. Painter, Jiuvvard, plumber} aged 43, native of Man- chester ; arrived j in 1859, by the Great Britain ; died November 1, of ulcération of in- testines. Paybody, Julia, aged 3G, native of England ; arrived in 1850, by the Tamar ; died October 17, of apoplexj'. Robertson, Daniel, clerk, aged 32, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1871 by the Agamem- non ; died October 17, of phthisis. Sinclair, Henry, miner, aged 41, native of Scotland ; arrived in 1863, ship unknown ; died October 12, of pleurisj'. Simmons, George, cook, aged 47, native of London ; ai rived in 184G by the Maitland ; died October 16, of aneurism. Sutherland, Marj-, aged 2G, native of Glasgow j arrived in 1807 by the Oceánica; died October.20, of delirium tre- mens and pneumonia. Smyth, James, car- penter, aged 42, native of Cambridge ; arrived m 1852 by the Isabella ; died October 0, of morbus cordis. Sharpe, John, miner, aged 31, native of Ireland ; arrived in 1863 by the Great Britain ; died October 8, of morbus cordia. Troveil, Henrj*, joiner, aged 47, native of Huntingdonshire ; arrived in 1854 by the Queen of Sheba ; died October 8, of phthisis. Tapp, Jane, domestic, aged 50, native of Plymouth ; arrived in 1871 by the Colonial Empire ; died November 2, of hypertrophy of heart. Walsh, John, seaman, aged 4G, native of Dublin ; arrived in 1873 by the Yorkshire ; died October 19, of phthisis. ALFIIED HOSPITAL. Menee, Thomas, aged 16, native of Vic- toria ; died Octobor 12, of chronic pleurisy. Harrison, Edmund, aged 49, clerk, native of London; arrived m I860, by the Kent: died October 14, of mitral valvular disease of the heart. Kollmorcn, Henry, aged 53, baker, native of Germany ; arrived in 1848, by the Australia ; died October 21, of chronic Bright's disease of kidney. ClementB, William Henry, aged 22, printer, native of Somersetshire ; arrived in 1857 by the Mary Ann ; died October 21, of phthisis. Pond, John, aged 23, printer, native of Sussex ; arrived in 18G9, by the Phoebe ; died October 22, of enteric fever. Roberts, Mary Ann, aged 39, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1865 (vessel unknown) ; died October 23, of phthisis. Edwards, Leatham, aged 41, sailor, native of Chester ; arrived in 1852 by the Cecilia ; died October 2G, of phthisis. O'Reilly, Bridget, aged 43, native of Ire- land ; arrived in 1852 (vessel unknown) ; died October 27, of advanced phthisis. Gagette, Frederick, aged 40, painter, native of London ; arrived in 1851 by the Helle- spont ; died October 28, of apoplexy. Garon, Ellen, aged GO, domestic, native of Ireland ; arrived m 1865 (vessel unknown) ; died Oc- tober 29, of acute dysentery. INTERCOLONIAL. NEW SOUTH WALES. The most important political event of the month was the delivery of tho Treasuier's financial statement It was looked forward to with considerable anxiety m commercial cueles, as the Government bad already inti- mated theil intention of proposing material alterations in the existing t inff On Oc tober 10 Mr. Llojd delivered his budget speech It was íegarded ns most satisfac tory, and as disclosing an unexampled pro- sperity m the public finances He explained that the surplus balance from last vear amounted to neatly £544 000, of which it waa pioposed to apply £120,000 towaids the liquidation of the deficiency debt of £800,000, which had resulted from over expenditure during two bad years, when the lev ernie fell very short The remaining portion of the 8urplua, amounting to £124,000, would he carried forward to the current j car The revenue for tina year waa estimated at £3,241,000, and the surplus was considered likelj to amount to £055,000 It vvusanticipatcd that thedeliciencj deot would finally disappear with the ledemption, in Julj next, of the outstanding Treasury bills The changes in the tanff were considerable Thead valorem duties, itwasproposed, should cease at the end of tho year, which will in- volve a loss to the revenue of about £200,000 The late Ministry, m ita zeal for rovonue, brought within the rango of taxation a host of articles which really yielded very littlo. For instance, there wcro in the list of fixed duticB 32 which turned in only £13,174. TheBe are all now to be put on the free list. The ad valorem duties covered 143 articles, and the specific duties about 100. The tarin" now proposed contains only 55 articlea, and is, according to Mr. Lloyd, aa near an ap- proach to free trade as it could consistently be made at the present moment. An increase of Cd. per lb. on all kinds of tobacco was included in the new proposals. It was esti- mated that this extra tax would bring in about £40,000. The debate on the tariff has not yet concluded, but the principal opposi- tion was with respect to the increased duties on tobacco, and the Government have been compelled to withdraw this part of thoir scheme. The Aasembly bos hy a majority of 38 to 8 approved of the action of the Government on the mail service question. The contract for the temporary San Franciaco Bcrvice enteied into with Mr. Hall is £00,000 for a 10-knot service, or £75,000 for 11 knots, The fiist steamer-the Mncgreçor-hos been ordered to Sydney from China. Sho has boen running between San Francisco and China under charter to tho Pacific Mail Com- pany. She ia íeported to be a vessel of 1,320 registered tonnage, and 320-horae power. The Tartar and the Mongol have been char- tered for the temporary service, which will terminate in 12 months' time or less. Dummyism is being extensively practised in New South Wales. The Minister of Lands baa publicly stated that squatters and selec- tors yvere equally bad in this îespect, but that he waa trying to checkmate thom. He slated at the same time that the selections this year would amount to about 13,000, and that the land now applied for to be put up to auction was not less than 800,000 acres. It was suggested that the Government should treat tho money realised from the sale of land as capital, and not use it for the purposes of annual revenue. The «".en belonging to the iron trade re ccnlly, demanded the eight-hours system, and an advance in wages per hour of about one-sixth. They have virtually gained thoir point. . , , ÖUUJLJti AUÜ-KALilA. The financial prospects of South Australia aro as bright as those of New South Whiles. The Treasurer anticipated a revenue of £749,000 for 1873, and'the returns for the firsts three quarters amount to £727,000. The total reoeipta are now eatimated at £980,000. The aurplus will be expended in public worka, in providing for tho new edu- cational aystem, and in increasing the aalaries of civil Bervanta. » The Education Bill ia 8lowly progreasing. Its opponents have forced upon the Govern- ment the adoption of a provision in favour of having the Bible read every day during the half-hour immediately preceding the four hours set apart for secular instruction^ The compulsorj' clause was agreed to without demur. The Transcontinental Railway Bill baa still to be considered. A feeling exista that the inducements it offers to capitalists are not sufficient. Exception has been taken to the clauBe reserving the precious metal, and the Ministry will probably have to agree to considerable modifications of the bill. It has been suggested that no land should be alienated in freehold for railway endowment purposes, but that the concession should be for the term of 99 years. The Government, however, intend to support the granting of the land in fee, and they will carry three fourths of the House with them on this point. The accounta received from the Northern Teiritory have been rather diacouraging of late. An impression ia gaining ground that the repoits respecting the richness of the îeefs haa been much exaggerated. Some- thing like 13,000 acree have been taken up on lease for gold-mining purposes, but many of the claims have been abandoned. The rush to Port Darwin, however, still con- tinues. A month or two ago the population did not exceed 1,000, but now it is estimated at close upon double that number. The University Association have resolved to accept Mr. Hughcs's gift upon his own terms. They will probably apply to the Go- vernment and the public for the additional funds they require to enable them to com- mence operations. QUEENSLAND. The excitement attendant on the coming general election has somewhat subsided. The Premier has «announced his intention of introducing to Parliament, on his indivi- dual responsibility and not as head of the Government, an Education Bill similar in its aim to the one rejected last session. It will provide that the state education in the' primary schools shall be free, secular, and compulsory. The scheme to found a Queens- land university is abandoned, and instead it is proposed to promote clever lads from the primary to the grammar schools, and to still fuither assist lads of conspicuous ability who have been so promoted by gifts to them of scholarships of £100, tenable for three years, on condition of their passing the matriculation examination prescribed by any | university which the Governor of Queens- land in Council may approve. The Government profess to be confident of having a working majority in tho new As- sembly, but it ia almost impossible to esti- mate tho probable strength of parties in any district ot the colony. Many of the consti- tuencies, especially those in the country districts, seem to have difficulty in inducing eligible candidates to come forward, and wages aTe so high and there is so much activity in trade that the coming elections cause but little excitement. Fair progress is being made yyith the rail- way and other public works thioughout tho colony. The Queensland fal mers are in need of rain, but the squatters aro rejoicing in weather admirably suited for the shearing operations in which they are now engaged. The Government havo appointed a commis- sion to toko into consideration questions in relation to the amelioration of the condition of 'the aborigines, and the possibility of ren- dering their services available to settlors and beneficial to themsely eB. Some of tho sugar planters in the Mackay district have recently tried the experiment of utilising aboriginal labour, and their success is Baid to have boen far beyond their anticipations. TASMANIA. . A collision between the two branches of the Legislature waa imminent aome daya back, but ha8 boen ataved off through tho moderation of tho Ministry. Tho Govern- ment, succeeded in passing an Income-tax Bul in the Assembly, which was, howover, rejected by the Council. A dissolution of the Lower Chamber or resignation of the Minis- try was anticipated, but the Government contented themselves vvithasking Parliament for Treasury bills at a year's date to cover the amount expected next year from the income-tax. Thej', however, intimated that next session they would reintroduce the rejected bill, and would probably double the amount of the tax. The Treasury bills were voted, and Parliament was prorogued on October 31. Mr. Innes, the Premier of the late Govern- ment, haB decided to leave Tasmania and settle in Victoria. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Excellent accounts have been received of the success of the pearl fisheries in Shark's Bay and the northern settlements. It is stated that in one month 420 ounces of pearls have been taken. Intelligence of the I discovery of a rich quartz reef at Albany, in the southern part of the colonj', has also come to hand. A gold-prospecting party is | being fitted out by the Government, and a reward of £5,000 bus been offered for the dis- covery of a payable gold-field. llcieiring to these discoveries, The Argus correspondent at Fremantle writes : - "Should the sanguine hopes now entertained he even in part realised, the change which West Australia must experience will be re- markable. The old stagnant apathetic Btato of affairs will vanish, companies of enter- prising speculatois and miners will bring knowledge and capital to work, and popula lion-our great necessitj'-will speedily fol I low." NEW ZEALAND Parliament waa pioiogued caily in last month, after a sesaion of a little over 11 w eeks The conflict between the two Houses has resulted for the present m a victory for the Council or Upper House There has been foi some time past a groat difference of opinion between that House and the Minis trj. as well as tho Lower House or House of Representatives, on tho subject of the re- spective functions of tho central govern- ment and the provincial governments Seven bills were introduced by the Government, and quicklj passed by the House Of Uepro sentatives, authorising the raising of certain specified loans by the provinces of Auckland, Wellington, Taranaki, Hawko's Bay, Marl- borough, Nelson, and Otago. On reaching the Council, not a word was «aid in favour of, though several speeches were made against, theso measures, which were i rejected there by overwhelming majori- ' ties. Throughout the debate it was re- markable that the importance of the work mentioned in the schedules of the bills was generally admitted ; but it was urged tliat the colony should borrow the money, as it could raise it more cheaply than the pro. vinces, and it was absurd to suppose that the colony could possibly avoid its ultimate liability for whatever the provinces might borrow. The members of the Council also expressed their perfect readiness to accept the alternative of a property-tax, with which the Premier had threatened them. The Government gave way. Thoy spoke vaguely about introducing a measure for the recon- struction of the Council next session, but announced their attention of bringing the present session to an immediate close. Throughout the colony public opinion is very much divided regarding the action taken by the Council. In some provinces it is ap- proved, in others condemned, but in nearly all there ia a strong feeling that a nominated Upper House is out of harmony with the spirit of the other institutions of the colony : and that it must, if possible, be remodelled on an elective basis. One of the resulta of the soaaion has been the paasage of the ghost of a Permisaive Bill. As introduced by the Hon. Mr. Fox it was a highly elaborate measure, founded on and almost identical with Sir Wilfred Lawaon's model bill. It waa very warmly oppoaed in the Lower nouao, and Mr. Fox accordingly abandoned about two-thirds of it. The only real alterations which it effects in the licensing law are as follows :-First, it removea the power of granting licences fiom the bench of justices, and vests it in the resident or police magistrates of the district, and not less than three, or more than seven, licensing commis aioneia specially appointed by the Governor. Second, it forbids tho licensing bench grant- ing any licence the issue of which ia formally objected to in writing by two-thirds of the adult inhabitants of any district. A pro- vision similar to tina baa been in force under a provincial ordinance in Auckland for up wards of two years, but has never once been acted on, nor indeed is it ever likely to be acted on in any part of the colony now. An Education Bill, introduced by the Go- vernment, and entirely on the side of the eecularista, was passed hy the Lower Houso ; but the Council having struck out clauaea relating to grammar and high achools, on the plea that to support such establishments by rates, as the measure proposed, would be to tax the poor to educate the sons of the rich, and the two Chambers being unable to agree on that question, the bill was dropped. A Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister Bill, passed for the third time by the Lower House, yvas again thrown out by the Council. Tho bill authorising the laying of a tele- graphic cable to Australia has become law. The agreement relative to a Francisco mail service made between the representa- tives of New Zealand and New South Wales has been ratified by the Parliament of the former colony. With regard to immigration, an act has been passed authorising the grant of a land purchase remission certificate of the value of £20 to every adult immigrant who pays his or her own passage to the colony, and is willing to settle on the land granted. Stringent provisions are made to insure the latter condition being complied with. The agent-general has also been positively in-. Structed to grant free passages to immi- grants. Native affaira havô recently assumed quite a new aspect. For years post it has been the object of the Government to with- draw the Maori King from the state of sullen isolation in yvhich he dwelt. On one occasion Governor Bowen was kept shooting in tho Waikato, in the hope that the King might be induced to meet him. Tho Native Minister has at various times, but ahvajs unsuccessfully, sought an interview. AU his emissaries have been similarly îepulsed. A few weeks ago, however, the startling in- telligence yvaB received that the King had voluntarily visited the frontier town of Alexandra, had walked about the settle- ment, stayed all night at the house . of a settler named Morgan,' expressed himself in the most friendly way towards PakehaB f'enerally, appeared much pleased by his laving visited the place without being known, and had quietly returned to his own people, after promising shortly to give a great feast to which the Pakohas should be invited. It is almost impossible to overrate the importance of this event. Tlie isolation of the King has been the one dangerous feature in the King movement, and the Maori difficulty will be practically at an end if onco friendly and intimate relations aro established with him. The King's visit,to the settlement yvas followed by that of other Kingite dignitaries, who manifested a friendly spirit. Native matters at present are very quiet, and there never were more peaceful prospects. , Mail services will probably soon be estab- lished between New Zealand and the Navi- gators' Islands and New Zealand and Queens- land. Auckland yvas visited by another great fire on the 15th October, and a number of houses in Queen-street were destroyed, of the value in the aggregate of £GO,000. The insurance losses aro as follow :-New Zealand, £1G,650 ; South British, £5,850 ; Victorian, £0,000 ; Im- perial, £700 ; Pacific, £2,000 ; Norwich Union, £1,000; Northern, £3,000. The insurance companies havo lost £73,000 in Auckland by fires dilling the last 12 months. FIJI AND THE SOUTH SEAS. The liewa received from Fiji up to tho de- parture hence of the last English mail re- vealed a deplorable Btate of affaira in thot kingdom; According to auch nowa, anarchy prevailed there : the disaffected whitea had refuaed to pay taxe8, and were in arms against Cakobau and bia Government, and bloodshed waa impending ; indeed, there had been a "scrimmage" between a body of the king's native troopa and aorao Euro pealia, in which ono of the former was wounded, and several of the latter received "ugly bruises." The tidings which have since reached here, however, notify that the storm has subsided, or at all events that there is one of those calms which, in countries which are a prey to civil tumult, occasionally occur when one of the contend- ing parties obtains complete mastery of the situation. Cakobau's Government has re- established its authority, thanka to Captain Simpaon, of H.M.S. Blando. This Britiah Prospero had full power over the tempest, and he allayed it by means of pro- clamations addressed to_ his fellow subjecta. In the firat of these notifications he warned all British subjects against taking up arms or disturbing the peace, and gave notice that ho would hold every such individual resorting to violence personally responsible for his actions. This, of course, hampered the Government as well as the Opposition, most of the members of the Ministry still being Her Majesty's subjects. The situation was peculiar, and the fact appears to have been recognised by Captain Simpson, who speedily determined to abandon Ins neutrality, ranged himself on the side of the constituted autho nties, and has threatened to airest any person -who íesisted the authority of the Thuiaton Ministry Under these circum- stances of course the threatened levo lution collapsed Taking advantage of the confusion which tins last piocla mation caused in their opponents' camp, Cakobau and his advisers began to rule again with a high hand, put into execution a long cherished design, and framed i new consti- tution, which throws the entne power into the bands of the natives , and nitive rule, of couise, willatmplj be the despotism of Messrs. Thurston and Co, 01 any other set of men who can "jump then claims This new constitution pi ovules for a legislative body which shall consist of 20 liommoo native membeis of whom eight mav be dismissed by the King at any time, and eight elected whites The Cabinet, which will bo a body distinct fiom this Assembly, will hold office dining good behaviour, but no parliamentary representative of the whites is to hold office m such C ibmet oranj office of pioht The Sydne)/Mo)¡uni/ Heralds correspond- ent in FIJI, who writes stronglj in the interest of tbo local Government, st ites, with regard to the negotiations between the Government and Captain Simpson, that the latter "was made a sort of umpire," that the new constitution waa aubmitted foi his approval, and that Mr Thurston alaosub mittcd to have bia conduct judged by him As, however, all the white settlers aro not British subjects, it is poBSible that the naval representatives of other nations besides England visiting Fiji may ohoose to inter- fere in its affairs, and that they may hold different views thereon to Captain Simpson. The course pursued hy a, Mr. Hedomann, a German settler, was tho immediate cause of the late suppressed rising of Bettlers, On behalf of the German residents he UM taken certain steps which they expect will result in the speedy arrival there of a Ger man war vessel. An American subject was arrested by the Government in connexion with the recent disturbances, and the United States Consul "guesBea he will bust thom if they crack their whip againat an American citizen." The French settlers have asked the Government of France for a man-of war for the protection of their property, and to compel tho restitution of French mission lands. With regard to tho British settlers, those who are dis- affected to the Fijian Government seem to be ineconcilable. A violent letter from one of them was recently published in Tlie Argus, and in it the following occurs : " if we had 200 Snider rifles, with 200 rounds of cartridges for each gun, we could take those men (Woods and Thurstan), and hang them, in spite of their savage army, or of the Blanche. There is, of course, much virtue in an "if," but the author is doubtless a representative man. It is stated in the lateat intelligence that Cakobau's advisers enlisted Captain Simpson on their side by declaring that on the first step he took in opposition to the course the Government meant to adopt, the Ministry would at once surrender the rule of the island into his hands, lower the Fijian flag, dismiss tho troops and police, close tho courts and public offices, and address a pro- test and remonstrance to tho Governments of America and Germany, by whom tho Fijian Government had been recognised. That bold declaration brought the captain to terms, and he then withdiew his first pro- clamation, and consented to use his men, if required, for the support of the Government authoritj'. In New South Wales a deputation of gen tlcmen more or less interested in Fiji, re cently waited on Mr. Parkes, the Colonial Secretary, and asked that the influence of the Government of the colony might ho exerted to bring about a better state of things. Mr. Parkes would not definitely promise anything more than that he would consult his colleagues, but at the same tim» did not hesitate to express his own personal opinion as being strongly in favour of the British colonisation of Fiji. He sympathised in the main with the British policy of not ex- tending the area of its territorial dominion, but considered that tho case of Fiji was ex- ceptional. He subsequently stated in his Elace in the Parliament that the Governor ad sent a despatch home " advising British interference" in Fiji. As there has beeu a good deal of "British interference" there already, it is assumed that the despatch really advised annexation. < . The Government and the rebellious moun- taineers have for some timepast been cal rying on a desultory yvarfare, but it is now stated that it is at an end, and that the autuori. ties are completely victorious. It was stated in last month's summary ^hat Colonel Steinberger, on American special commissioner, had arrived at Samoa on a "secreterrand." The nature of this errand has been since published, ne is simply representing the U.S. Government for the purpose of annexing the Navigators' Island to America, and tho making of Pango Pango a naval settlement and port of catt. Our special correspondent, continuing his letters on the labour traffic, says;-"The missionaries living in the islands froin yvhich the foreign labour ÍB drawn, and who are the warmest opponents of the traffic, assert that the transfer of these savages to the plantations of Queensland and Fiji for a timo has, instead of a Christianising and civilising tendency, a direct demoralising I effect, and that none of tho men under their I control are so difficult to manage aa those who have had thia experience. This opinion | seems to be baaed upon the remarkable as- sertion contained in a pamphlet issued by the New Hebrides Miasion, that, 'while it is impossible to civilise the islandera till you Christianise them, it is easier to Christianise them than it is to civilise them after they are Christianised.' Without stopping to discuss so wide a subject aa that of missionary effort in the South Seas, it may be remarked, as regarda the civilising and Christianising effects of plantation life on the imported labourers, that there has not as yet been much opportunity for what those who have had high expectationB would regard aa a favourable report. But that the men do gain some advan- tage no reasonable person can doubt. A very large pioportion of the foreignla'bourers in Fiji are on landing savages of the most degraded type, who have never lived any but the most Eurely animal life, and who have previously ad no knowledge of any other kind of existence. These men are greatly benefited by the change. When the Alacrity íeturned the Carl kidnappées to their homes, there waa aa much difference in the appearance of the men who landed from the vessel and their countrymen on the islands as there ia between a wild animal and a domesticated one. There aro thousands of these islandera who will never come within the range of missionary influence,' and whose only chance of seeing a better form of life than that of the eraba upon their coral beaches lies in emigration. Tho imported labourers undoubtedly have their wita sharpened by contact with Euiopeana, and they neces- sarily see much that must hove a tendency to raise them in the acalo of civilisation. They generally improve in bodily condition, and the more inteUigent ones acquire habits of civilised life that aro likely to cling to them. Not a few of the labourers when first landed are cannibals of the worst type, whilst others have never seen a house, for in the Line Islands the dwellings are o£ a rudimentary sort, consisting of a roof with- out sides. Imported labourers have been known when short of food to kill and eat Fijians. There is a case on record at Taviuni where one of their own number, a woman, who died of a loathsome disease, which left her in an emaciated condition, was eaten by them. Such degraded beings cannot but gain something by association with yvhito men, and participation in the customs of civilised life. Sonic of these Poly- nesians are extremely intelligent. Messrs. Brewer and Joske, of Suva Harbour, leave one of their small schooners entirely Mi tho hands of Solomon Isländers, and this confi- dence has never been abused. Mr. Brewer has sent one of his Solomon Island boys, a lad of 10 years, to school at Albury, New South Wales, with a child of his own. When Embarlo, for that is his name, had been at school six months, he was able to write very sensible letters iu a fair schoolboy hand. If every plan- ter could adopt the humane plan Mr. Brewer has carried out in this instance, the degraded condition of the Polynesians would be revolutionised in a few years. The labourers from many of the islands do not at first understand the use of so simple an instrument as the hoe, because agricul- ture is not practised in their own country. All leam how to cook European dishes, and some of them make excellent ser- vants and waiters. Nearly all the servants in Levuka, as well as in the outlying planta- tions, are imported labourers. The savage yvho has learned to bo obedient, and to change a plate at the'right time,' has made a decided advance, besides having acquired o knowledge which will bring him the moans of living in a better way than he can in his own country, where his property is always the prey of the chiefs ; and yvhere, in some cases, he is liable to ho starved in bad seasons. With regard to the labour brought to Fiji bj- tho Carl on her second voyage, 27 were returned to their homes by H.M. schooner Alacrity in Juno last. Ten had previously been sent home by Mr. Consul March in the schooner Rifle, and the remainder, if willing, were to be taken to their islands by another of the war schooners. Tho time of the men landed after the hist voyage being nearly up. these will bo left to be returned in the usual way by the planters. H.M.S. Dido also re- turned last August to their homes in the Solomon Islands the 11 natives found by H.M.S. Basilisk on the water-logged Peri, off Caldwell. These were the remnant ot 80, who, having been Btarvcd on their way from the Rewa to Taviuni, captured the vessel they were in, and drifted about for months, living on each other, until the . schooner was found by the Basilisk. The greater part of the New Hebrideaus on the plantation of the late Mr. Underwood, who was killed by his labourers for keeping them bc-'ond the time agreed upon, havo been sent home by means of o. public subscription initiated by the Americal consul. When H.M.S. Alacrity visited the lia coast to take on board some of the Carl kidnappes, lo return them to their homes, the foreig/n labourers, all but two old men, stated on leaving the plantations in tho monvuig, that they were only going on board as a matter of form, and declined to tak.e with them clothing and many little articles of value they had accumulated, saying they yvould como back, as they preferred finishing their term of three years, and receiving full payment at tho end of that tirae, A Drum- mond Island ghi called Margaret, whoso personal attractions and acoomplisliments in the cooking and vvafihing line wo found tho t subject of frequent remark alonij the Ba ooaat, had specially stated her desire to remain on the plantation and abo went to.tho ship, leaving a valuable box of thmga behind. But when they got on board, and found the Alacrity such an extremely comfortable boat, with 17 of their compatriots thoro cn route .for home, and no plantor within reach of them, they began to waver. When the inter ureter addressed them the younger members were uncertain what to do, but the old men soon talked them round. The prospect of seeing their homes in a fortnight proved sufficiently strong to overcome oyery other feeling and the upshot waa that in half an hour they had all expressed their desire to return home, leaving their llttlo personal Tiroperties behind, and forfeiting every penny of wages that had accrued to them. All they will get ia a share of the £12 worth of trado nurcbased for them by Captain Chapman on behalf of the Queen'a Government. Permis, sion was given to Margaret and the otbeis who had property on ahoro to go back to the plantations and bring their goods on board, but they one and all declined, saying that if they once got on shore tho white mon there .would never allow them to return. On the voyage to the Line it appeared to civo the islanders unbounded delight to ex- plain how the Carl men chased them in their boats, fired at them if they did not stop, seized them by the hair of the bead, dragged them from their canoes, bound their .hands together, and bundled them neck and ,,,"" into the hold of the ship. The whole thing aeemcd to present itself to their minda in the aspect of an excellent joke, and thoy always laughed prodigiously during the reci- tal, Bhowing the rough usage in very ani- mated pantomime. When asked if their .countrymen would kill any white mon who now visited their islands, thoy seemed indig- nant at the idea. On the contrary, they said thero waa nothing to avenge, and they were alwoya glad of a viBit from white men. Yet the crew of the Carl killed a Tokelau in the small town to which the man who said this belonged, and he must have known it. With regard to plantation life in Fiji, they all agreed that there was too much work ; that with the planter it was alwaj-s "kuaa, kusa" (quick, quick), and that when they were not quick they got their heads punched (this represented by very expressive panto mime*. As to the kindness of their masters, whom they named, they said that one was a moderately good man, and that the others were bad men. None of the party bore the smallest mark of ill-usage, nor did any of .them complain of having been flogged. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The R.M.S.S. China, Captain Charlea G. Perrins, after taking on board her mails, specie, and passengers, left the bay on her t .outward voyage at 2 o'clock on tho morning of the lltb ult. The R.M.S.S. Baroda, Captain J. C, Al .mond, with the foreign and English mails inward, anchored in the bay at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 20th ult. STATE OP TRADE. Business generally has this month not been marked by anything like activity or anima- tion, nor has there been an appearance of life imparted by a continuous run on one or two specialities, to the total neglect of almost ev ery other description of merchandise, as waa so prominent a characteristic of last month's trade ; but we have had instead a very much improved demand for actual requirements, and though large transactions have not been the rule, goods have moved off freely enough, vvhile, in addition, a yveek seldom passed without some heavy sale being reported . which no one expected could bo carried through. Not that speculation was aroused, lor on reviewing the trade of the month few if any transactions of a speculative character have been recorded. The dulness and heaviness which has hung over the brandy market appears the more extraordinary on account or the excitement and activity which prevailed last month, and the sudden cessation of the demand is all the more felt in consequence ; scarcely a transaction worth noticing has been recorded since the commencement of October. That a lull mightset in is nothing more than wa? to bo expected, as the prices having been forced up by speculation rather than by any demand for oonsumption, it is only reasonable to Bunnose that the trade will hold off from pur chasing until their stock ia entirely exhausted rather than pay the pricea now ruling. On thia ground, then, the exceaaivo dul ness experienced admits of explanation. The market for breadstuff's has been somewhat . of a puzzle to many. The supplies of 'wheat have come forward so sparingly, aa to induce the belief that a steady if not a firm' market must he the result. Yet scarcely a week baa pnssed without flour giving evidences of weakness, and a reduction in price, without a corresponding decline in tho value of wheat ; yet thia un8atiafactory atate of mat- tera htt8 now continued for some time without any appearance of improvement. A point, however, haa been nearly reached which wall enable shipments to bo made profitably to the London markets. Al- ready ICO tona have been engaged to go by the Sam 'Mendal, and ahould the price of Hour drop to £1310s., it ia more than probable that much larger quantitiea will go forward. The want of rain was beginning to create feara in regard to the coming crop, but some -seasonable showers with which we 'were blessed "last week have removed for the present any «rounds for apprehension. Coffeei owing to'tno advices from all the pro. ducing districts, is likely to advance. Stocks are light, but being entnely in the hands of the trade, there ia not much room for apecu lation ; deapite of all that, however, higher rates must rule before tho price can be lower. Keiosene oil baa not shown much life. The arrival of the Flying Eagle waa followed by the immediate 8ale of her entire shipment, and the market, which previously showed unmistakable signs of weakncSB, improved again, and has been firmer ever since, ithough tho sales effected have not been extensive. The sugar market lias been the cause of a good deal of anxiety, and no little loss, owing to the very un- satisfactory position which it has occupied for some time. The very high prices mling 'in the producing districts not being responded to heie, it has been found almost impossible for months past to import a Bingle cargo v. iii the prospect of a profitable return As jet theie is no appearance of a declino in Mauritius and here there is certainly but very little chance of an lmpiovement Tortea importers there is a v ery poor prospect indeed Shipments have hitherto been far in oxceas of requirements, and the probability is that a lout period must elapse before a reaction can set m A laige business has been done üobaccocs have been more prominently noticed this month Timber has also been verj extensively sold, deals moro especially Hie opening of tho wool season is a pro- minent and interesting feature in tho trade of the month The first sale of tho season was held at Messrs R Golds brough and Co 's warehouses, and the Sarge sale room was ciowded to excess by bujers and others interested m the trade Before the sale commenced the question of allowance for draft was agitated bj the buyers and the brokers, m responso to the rushes of the buj eis promised to com- municate yyith the owners on the subject uwo dajs afterwards the second sale was held at the stores of Messrs Hastings Cuiungham and Co, and they havo con tinued to progress since The arrival of tie mail steamer m Hobson's Bay on the 20th ult placed us in possession of adv ices from 1 ngland to the 4th Sep tomber The shipments to Melbourno ad- vised for the month amount to £181 200 Om dates from Now York reach to 21st August Tho clearances for tho colonies during tho month amounted to six vessels, while two were reported as loading Iiom Calcutta to 17th September, wo havo notice of the Coldstieam having cleaied for Adelaide Trom 1 oo Chow our advices rench to Gth September Shipments to tho colonies arc reported as being 2,200 0001b in excess of tho pievious year, and of the Uepartures for Melbourno reported tho August and tho Chanco have both arrived rroiii Batavia our advices como up to 10th »epttmbei, and of the several depai tures lor Melbourne the Glaslyn alone remains Sun ^r°m Smgapoie wo have dates to «til September, from Colombo to 26th jeptçmber, from Saigon and from Bangkok to 4th September, from Rangoon to 3rd Sep icmbci, and from Manila to 1st September in the more prominent transactions of ¡jT "louth we note tho quittance of about *» hhds bulk ales, chiefly Marrmn's In wots a good business has been reported In «»rnsacks we note sales to the extent of about 300 bales Candles havo been fairly noticed, and values hayo improved a trifle oÄThave found buyers to the extent of «¡«TO barrels In dned fruits, raisins have T«i in value, but currants aro yvithout wango In malt, some 10,000 bushels have S a'¿en "P on speculation, without, how w affe<"t"'ß Pnces In metals the only n" i .,° 1B ,a Pechase of 300 tons pig iron, ann Hie advance of the price fully a pound por ton. In kerosene wo note eales to tho extent of 13,000 cases. On quicksilver a rise of 20 per cent, baa been eatabliahed, in ro aponse to an advance in the home market. Operationa in aalt embrace COO tona, and an improvement of 10s. ia Bought to be esta- blished. Transactions in sugar amount to 76,000 bags and mats. Operations in teas comprise the quittance of about 25,000 pack- ages. Timber business embiaces, besides the disposal of aome smaller parcels of less importance, a sale on one day of 60,000 pieces, of a money value amounting to £30,000. Transactions in tobacco include 400 packages twist and about 3,500 packages flatwork. EXCHANGE AND MONEY. Tho rate of exchange this month has de- clined, the banks' selling rate being ono half per cent, premium for GO days' sight drafts on London ; the buying late is one-half per cent, diacount ; otherwise, there ia no alteration on the value of monoy. Dis- counte remain at six and aoven per cent, for three and four montha' bills, eight per cent, being charged for a longer currency. Threo per cent, interest ia allowed upon aix months', and three and a half per cent, on 12 months' deposits. STATIONS. The following properties havo changed banca in the course of the month :-Messrs. Dal. Campbell, Hepburn, and Co. report the aale by auction at Scott'a notel, of 11,033 acres of freehold land in the parishes of Koort Koort Nong, Taaraak, and Picarra, near Camperdown, in one lot, at£5 7a. Gd., to Mr. John Ware, of Yalla-y-poora, Streatham. The same firm also sold, in conjunction with Mr. A. Stokes, of Forbea, on account of .Messrs. Thomas Fldols and Co., tho Island and Moonby stations, on the Boutb aide of the Lachlan River, together with 1,000 head of cattle, at a highly Batiafactory prico, and on the uaual terma. Measrs. King and Cuningbam report the sale of Togonmain Station on the Murrum- bidgee, the propei ty of Mr. George Macleay, consisting of the Togonmain and Singorumba blocks, B, C, and D, with 14,000 acres of free- hold land and all improvements, and 158,000 sheep, 850 cattle, 80 horses, and all station plant, to Mr. Thomas Robertson. WOOL. The opening sales of the season were held on the 23rd and 25th ult., at the storea of Mesara. R. Goldabrough and Co. and Messrs. Hastings Cuningham and Co. respectively, and five sales have since been held in all, at which 12,707 bales have beon disposed of at prices varying from 7_d. to is. 3d. for greasy, and Is. 6d. to 2s. 5Jd. for fleece. BANKS AND rOBLlO COMPANIES. Colonial Bank of Australasia.-The half yearly general meeting of this bank waa held on the 27th ult The directora' report waB as follows :-" Tho directors beg to sub- mit to tho proprietors the accompanying statement and report of the affaira of the bank aa on 30th September laat :-The net profits, after deducting expenaes of manage ment, repairs to premises, stationery, renta, rebate on bills current, &c;, and allow- ance for bad and doubtful debts, amount to, including the debts from last half-year, £20,9512s. 2d,, which tho directora propose to apportion as followa, viz.:-Dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum on £610a. per share, £16,250; reaorve fund, £9,950; balance carried to profit and loas, new ac- count, £7C1 2a. 2d. The business of the bank has increased during the half-year, re- sulting in greater net profits, and your direc- tors solicit the continued co-operation of the shareholders "to promote the prosperity of the institution. Your directors regret tbo frauds committed upon the bank by one of its oldest officers ; they are glad, how over, to inform tho proprietora that the profits for the half-year enablo them to provide fully for the loas sustained, after paying the usual dividend. The balance-sheet showed the amount of de- posits to be £1,168,561, and the reserve fund to be £30,000. Tho chairman (the Hon. E. Cohen), in moving the adoption of the re- port, alluded to the frauda which had been committed by Goodwin, an old and truated officer of the bank. The total loss to the bank was £9,950, but that amount might be reduced. He considered that no foresight could havo averted those fraudB, as they were committed through the help of customers of the institution, but a system of checks had now been established which would prevent any similar frauds in the future. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The National Bank.-A special general meeting of tho shareholders ot the National Bank of Australasia waa held at the head office, Collins-street, on October 2L There were between 50 and 60 shareholders present. Mr. Thomas Smith, the chairman of the directors, was voted to the chair. Aseries of resolutions, embodying the alterations pro poBed in the deed of 8ettlement by the com- mittee appointed at the lost half-yearly meet- ing ' to confer with the directors, waa aub mitted to the meeting. The principal obj oct of the i re8olutiona waa to re8trict the use of proxies, and to provide that no shareholder should bo enabled to hold proxies for more i than three times the number of votes to yvhich he was entitled in his own right. A strong opposition to the resolution was mani- fested. The South Australian shareholders were especially averse to the proposals, and a vigorous protest against the alterations was submitted by the Adelaide directory. AU the resolutions wore negatived, with the ex- ception of one providing for the augmenta- tion of the reserve fund, which was generally acceptable, and yvhich was agreed' to. The half-yearly meeting of tho National Bank was held on November 4. ? The following was the report of the directors :-"The directors now submit the balance-sheet of the bank to 30th September last, accompanied by the profit and loss and reserve fund accounts, the whole Allowing the result of tho business for the half-year lately closed. The balance of un- divided profit from the previous half year amounted to £4,076 13s.; and the net profits for the half-year to 30th September, after pro viding for bad and doubtful debts, rebate on bills not yet due, and interest paid and ac- crued on deposits, amount to £45,402 3a. Id., leaving to be disposed of £49,567 16s. Id. This sum the directors proposo to appropriate as follows :-To declare a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum on tho paid up capital of £660,000, £33,000 ; add to tho re- serve fund (making same £205,000), £2,000 ; reduction of premises, £5,000 ; balance to next half-year, £9,567 10s. Id. During the half year branches of -tho bank have been opened at Euroa, Violet Town, and Dookie South in Victoria, and at Laura, James Town, North Adelaide, and Norwood, in South Australia. The continued ex- pansion of tho bank's business, both in this' colony and in South Australia, has en- gaged the earnest consideration of the board, and after careful investigation they havo decided on issuing 22,500 of the 35,000 shares remaining unallotted, yvhich will be offered in the first instance to proprietors now on the register, at an early date, of which due notification yvill be given by circular." The balance-sheet showed the deposits to be £1,882,378, and the reserve fund to be £203,000. Victonan Tinance and Agency Company - The half yearly meeting of tina company was held on October 28 The directors first half yearly report showed a balance at credit of profit and loss account of £1013 15s lOd tho gross amount of interest and commis sion received since the commencement of business bemg £2 803 Is Id The amount paid foi same w as £GG118s the chai gea were £1 127 7a 3d total ti 781 5s 3d leaving a balance aa above of £1 01315a lOd Taking into consideration the very limited amount of capital employed in creating and carrjing on tho business of the company since its formation (showing a weekly average of £8 500 only for a period of less than 10 months) the duectors regarded the results as satisl ictoiy V very marked increase in the general business bad taken place during the last three months and there was evory ap] eaiance of a rapid and continuous im piovemcnt when a sufficiently strong basis had leen create 1 foi fuithei ex pansion That result could be obtained only by an increase of capital as a means to strengthen public confidence m the institution The capital is nowicpresented bj 10 000 shares of io each-vi/ £o0 000 on which £1 10s per share has been paid-viz £15 000 The report and balance sheet were adopted and the recommendation of the auditors that 20 por cent per annum should be written off the preliminary expenses account and that 8 per cent per annum dividend be declared wasagreed to It was resolv ed to change the name of tho company to the City of .Melbourne Bank Limited The Polynesia Company-Tho tenth ordi nary meeting of the shareholders of this com pany was held on October 29 In their report the directors regretted that during tho com Íiany a existence of five years so little should mc been done where so much was pro mised and submitted among the causes the difficulty of dealing with their representative in Tiji Vanoua methods have been tried for the management of the company m Tiji but all bad hitherto failed For some months past they had been without any commumca tion from their representativo in Fiji but the disturbances which had occurred thore lately might account for that. The company held a valuable chailei from tho King and the chiefs of Fiji, and up to the present timo all its conditions had been faithfully carried out by <the company, but from a report in the papers if appeared that a company was now forming to carry on bank- ing privileges in violation of the Polynesia Company's charter, showing the necessity of vigorous action on the part of the share- holders. The directors had never lost an opportunity of forwarding annexation, and had addressed the Government of Victoria, asking it to support the movement. Tlie action with the Bank of New South Wales was likely to bo satisfactorily settled. A sub-committee was appointed to inquire fully into and report upon the present condition of the company. Tho Theatre Royal Proprietary Associa- tion.-Tho second half-yearly meeting of the Theatre Royal Proprietary Association was held on October 31. The report stated that the rent received from nanvood and Co. for the theatre for the 12 months was £5,166 3s. 2d. The rent from the Cafe exceeded the estimate by £450, fully justifying the addi- tional expenditure that had taken place upon that portion of the property. In order to carry out important improvements not contained in the original plans, the directors availed themselves of an overdraft at tho Commercial Bank, at 6 per cent., in pre- ference to increasing the capital of the company, to meet the additional outlay. This liability was now reduced to £2,15610s. j Gd., and could be discharged during the pre- sent half-year, leaving a satisfactory balance in hand, if the payment of a second divi- dend were postponed for six months. Notice having been received from England that the rate of insuring the theatre would bo in- creased to 10 per cent., the directors had bor- rowed £G,000 to be invested as a reserve fund against damage to the theatre. They had also insuied the hotel and shop for £2,000, and the vestibule for £500, with the National and Imperial Insurance offices. The property was therefore covered to the amount of £8,500 at a cost of £207 10a. per annum, and might be considered quite safe, taking into consideration the water facilitiea that exist against fire. Mr. Aarons, one of the retiring directors, criticised the manner in which the operations of the company had been conducted, and expressed the opinion, that, instead of borrowing money, the capital of the com- pany should have been increased. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Carlton Mutual Permanent Building Society.-The annual meeting of the society was held on Octobor 14. The report showed that tho profits of the past year amounted to £847 3s. lid., and for the four years a total of £2,268 6s. 4d. The actuary's report spoke in very encouraging terms of the soundness of the institution, its equitable practice, and the caution and energy displayed in the management. After the election of officers for tho current j-ear, a apecial meeting waa held for tho purpose of making certain altera- tions in the rules still more conducive to the intereats of borrowera. Second Carlton Bowkett Building Society. -The third annual meeting of this society waa held on October 16. The report stated that the committee bad to congratulate the abarcholdera upon tho continued healthy financial poaition of the society. The total advances made since the commencement of the society was £7,665, and no loss had been sustained on any security. A small balance of £24 19s. 4d. had been carried forward to the, credit of next year's account. The report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. The following table givea the importa and exporta of the port from the beginning of the, year to the 25th ult., aa compared with the (Corresponding period of 1872: 205,0127 804,510 187,210 260,630 403,827 27ß,7C2 198,022 200,812 215,070 237,250 190,038 137,225 110,837 145,500 107,108 135,700 161,003 178,080 238,827 221,011 04,009 235,433 220,434 178,117 £09,200 174,074 240,329 227,702 234,700 816,430 207,845 180,800 147,828 359,352 200,890 247,654 182,838 200,653 814,225 239,880 103,738 844,100 [218,834 194,374 801,164 800,353 202,202 469,152 403,804 807,278 821,803 285,538 241,487 315,603 131,051 109,710 189,241 128,698 219,057 248,610 850,837 285,801 205,002 211,103 221,026 190,081 105,003 207,943 208,949 257,165 203,408 808,610 350,002 255,738 180,834 120,070 295,010 807,057 292,102 238,519 859,007 350,670 206,273 201,083 801,600 203,017 Exports. 653,020 168,000 225,602 876,584 676,300 177,707 215,609 05,180 510,280 304,199 40,172 210,045 823,101 125,711 142,020 60,322 851,911 64,822 115,105 150,325 843,186 44,791 01,505 07,183 046,098 42,054 00.0S2 40,189 454,104 103,626 71,281 82,002 477,152 100,684 73,820 60,257 807,526 70,042 120,450 236,777 890,003 205,868 018,074 9,621,779 11,329,038 0,608,830 10,213,710 During the first period the account stood thus : Imports .. .. ,. .. £9,521,779 Exports ., 9,503,830 Balanco of exports ovor importó £47,051 During the second period : Imports .£11,329,033 Exporta .10,213,710 Bataneo of imports ovor oxports £1,116,310 Comparing the abovo periods with each other, the results aro as under : Imports In 1872 .£9,521,770 Imports lu 1873 .11,329,033 Increnso In 1873.£1,807,269 Exports in 1872 .£0,608,830 Exports ui 1878 .10,218,710 , Increase lu 1873. £014,889 STOCKS IN BOND. The following were the stocks in bond at Melbourne on 25th October :-Brandy, 7.192J hhd., 38,513 cases ; rum, 041} hht). 334 cases ; geneva, 75 hhd., 17,688 red cases, 2,832 green cases ; whiskey, 862 hhd., 7,622 cases ; gin (sweetened), 3,301 cases : cor- dials, 729 cases ; spirits of wine, 50J hhd. ; other spirits, 3^ hhd., 8,957 cases, wine 4,2901 hhd., 15,871 cases; beer, 1,940 hhd., 4,030 cases and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 524 half-tierces, 717 quarter-tierces, 7,870 three-quarter boxes and boxes, 5,514 cases; do., unmanufactured, 120 hhd. and casks, 64 cases, 817 bales ; candles, 10 chests, 6.287 boxes ; cigars, 1,075 cases ; kerosene, 55,508 coses ; flour, 718 bags ; cocoa and chocolate, 36 packages ; tea, 8,213 chests (679,7461b.), 69,137 half.chests (2,G28,6511b.), 49,359 boxes (1,011,1661b.) ; coflee, 1,532 bags, 58 tierces, 79 casks, 304 barrels; wheat, 2,808 bags; sugar-Mauritius, 16,009 bags, 725 pockets ; Java, 5,163 bags, 12,218 baskets, 5,489 mats; Manilla, 20,476 matB ; Reunion, 53 bags ; other ports, 4,585 bags, 790 mats; other (re- finery), 1,452 tons, 91 cases and casks ; opium, 373 packages ; oats, 5,835 bags ; chicory, 300 packages; hops, 1,435 pockets; rico, 06,236 bags ; Bait, 10,052 bags ; vinegar, 516 casks, 1,083 cases. BANK RETURNS The general abstracts showing tho average amount of the babihtica and asseta of the following banka taken from the weekly átate ments dining the quartei ending the 30th September, 1873, have been published in tho Qoieinmcnt Gazette - VICTORIA BRANCH Or THE BANK Or NEW SOUTH WALES liabilities - Notes in circulation not bearing In- terest, £151,087 On 2tl , billa In circulation not be irliig Intel cat, £1,007 18s Du , lialances duo to other bank», _,12,S120 0s -ti , dopoBitB not bearing interost,-£032,OSl 1JS 8tl , deposits bealing interest, £701,085 7s lOd lotnl tiiiioimt of liabilities, £1,558,712118 ad Assets -Coined gold and silver and otber coined motáis, £103 008 09. 5d , told and ally el ¡n bullion or bars, ¿ni 0.10 0s lOd , landed proport), £47,741 11s lid, notes and bills of oth« banks, 1.1,195 IBs Gil , b dances duo from other banks, £110,710 2s Dil , «mount of all debts duo to tlio bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock, and funded dclita of ovory do Bcription, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tlio u-iid bink fiom other banks, £1,740,57017a 8d ïotal amount of asset«, £2,41! 1, 111 0s bil Amount of the capital slock paid up at the close of tlio quartei cndlntr aoth September, 187J, £1 000,000 ; rito of tho last dividend declared to the sluu»holders, 15 per cent, amount of tho last dlvitlond declared, £75,000 , amount of tho reserved profits at tho timo of de- claring such dividend, £333,333 0s 8d TUL LONDON CHARTERED BANK Liabilities -Notes in circulation not bearing in- terest, £129,037 17s Sd ; bills In circulation not bear- ing- interest, £1,872 14B lQd , balances duo to othor banks, £1,207 15s lid , doposlta not bcarlna in- terest, £144,301 17s 0d ; doposlto hearing Interest, £805,770 0a Total amount ot UabiUtlo., Jf-l.^sa.-iDO 12e 2d Asset*] -Coined f,old uni siher and oilier coined ¡net ils, £250,72.5 8a lid , gold and Bihcrin bullion or Mrs, £20,8i5 17s 8d , landce1 pro pcrty,£103,12017s lOd .notcsanaiilllsof olliei banks, £13,113 0s Od ; balances duo from otner banks, £15,01213s 7(1 , amount of all debts due to the bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded debts of ey cry description excepting notes, bibs, and balances duo to tho said Dank from other banks, £1,083 922 Is fld Total amount of assets, £2,097,788 Ds Od Tlie return also includes-Amount of the capital stock paid up at the close of the quarter cudnia; 30tb Scptombcr, 1873, £1,000,000; rate of tho last diyldcnd declared to the shareholders, 8 per cent per annum, amount of tho last dividend declared, £40,000, amount of tlio re- served profils at the tune of elcclanng Bueh dh Idend, £108,803 28 3d _ BANK OF VICTORIA. Liabilities-Notes In circulation not bearing in" tercst, £300,420, bills in circulation not Mar- ing interest, £11,780 8s 2d ; balances di e to other binks, £70,214 12s 6d ; deposits not bearing interest, £1,207,062148 3d ,depositsbcarmglntercst,£l,353,810 Total amount of liabilities, £2,955.277 14s lOd Assets -Coined gold nnd Bilvcr and other coined metals, £364,134 Si lid , gold and sill cr in bullion or bira, £104,243 28 ; landed propertj, £110,100 2s 8d , notes Mid bills of other banks, £32 073183 8d , batanees due from other banks, £150,2J3 6s 8d ; amount of all debts due to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange, and all stock and funded dobts of ey erj description, excepting notes, bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from other binks, £2,893,510 3s Id Total amount of assets, £3,000,304 10s Tho return also includes-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho close of tho quarter ending 30th June, 1873, £600,000 ; rat« of tho last dividend declared to tho shareholders, 10 per cent per annum ; amount of tho last dh Idend declared, £25,000 ; amount of the resort ed profits at the timo of declaring Buch dividend, £180,000 THE COMMERCIAL BANK OF AUSTRALIA (LIMITED). Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not boarlng Inte- rest, £107,587 3s. Id.; bills In circulation not bearing interest, £015 103. Od.; balances duo to other banks, £73,010 7s. lOd. ; deposit- not bearing Interest, £324,788 Is. lid. ; doposita bearing Interest, £354,807 10s. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £801,709 3s. Assots. -Coined gold and silver and othor coined metals, £51,11513s. 2d. ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £103,220 is. Id.; lauded property, £11,30518s.; notes and bills of othor banks, £22,834 0s.4d.; balance-due from othor bankB, £6,05210s. 10d.; amount of all debt duo to tho bank, Including notes, bills Of oxchango, and all stock and funded debts of overy description, ex- cepting notes, billa, and balances duo to tlio said bank from other hanks, £012,200 14B. 2d. Total amount ef i assets, £1,105,32512s. 7d. Tlio return also! Includes Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tlio closo of the quarter ending 30th. September, 1873, £207,108 ; rata of the lost dlvidond declared to tho shareholders, 8 par cent, per annum ; amount of tho last dlvidond J declared, £8,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at tho time of declaring Buch dividend, £31,41410s. Od. NATIONAL BANK OP AUSTRALASIA. Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not bcarlntr In- terest, £145,67210s. Od.; bills in circulation not bear- ing interest, £6,053 Os. lOd. ; balances duo to othor banks, £8,637 14s. Od.; deposits not bearing Intorcst, £680,843 14s. 10d.; deposits bearing interest, £438,620 13s. Od. Total amount of liabilities, £1,179,127 14s. 6d. Assets.-Coined gold and sllvor, and other coined metals, £150,691 4s. Od. ; gold and silver In bullion or bars, £30,010 Is. Od. ; landed proporty, £04,031 17s. Gd. ; notes and bills of other banks, £23,091 Is, Od.; balances duo from other banks, £8,713 7s. 7d. ; amount of all debts duo to tho bank, including notes, bills of exchange and all stock and funded debts of ovory description, oxcoptlng notes, bills, and balances duo to the said bank from other banks, £1,457,744 Os. 3d. Total amount of assets £1,774,788 2s. 4d. Tho return also includes-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at the closo of tho quarter ending 80th Soptcmbor, 1873, £600,000 ; rato of tho last diyldcnd declared to the shareholders, 10 per cent, per annum ; amount of the last dividend de- clared, £33,000 ; amount of tho reserved profits at the thne of declaring such dividend, £207,07513s. UNION BANK Ol' AUSTRALIA. Liabilities.-Notes in circulation not bearing in- terest, £01,053 8s. (k1.; bills in circulation not bearing interest, £31,080 4s. lid. ¡"balances duo to other banks, £2,182 3s. ; deposits not bearing Interest, £620,020 0s. Od.; deposits bearing interest, £800,178 15s. Od. Total amount of liabilities, £1,614,432 18s. 6d. Assets.-Colnod gold and silver and other coined metals, £373,500 5s. 10d.; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £05.208 18s. Od.; landed proporty, £01,000; notes and bills of other banks, £17,74018s. 3d. ; balances duo from other banks, £0,70112s. 7d. ; amount of all debts duo to tlie bank, Including notes, bills of ex- change, and all stock and funded debts of ovory description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to tho said bank from other banks, £1,424,590 10s. Total amount of assets, £1,951,007 9s. 6d. Tho re- turn also Includes-Amount of tho capital stock paid up at tho closo of tho quarter ending 30th Soptcmbor, 1873, £1,250,000; rate of the lost dlvidond deelatcd to the shareholders, 13 nor cent, per annum ; amount of tho last dividend declared, £81,250 ; amount of tho re- served profits at tho timo of declaring such dividend, £488,550 12s. 8d. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tim Anous Office, Tuesday Evening. In tho import markots business this month has not been characterised by any degree of activity whatever. Bulk beers havo beon moro prominently noticed. Bottled alea and stout havo been lu very good de- mand. Dundoo gooda havo not boen much run altor, cornsacks only meeting with attention. Boots and shoes havo been dealt In. Candles havo Improved. Cements aro cosier. In chemicals, chicory, coffoo, confectionery, cordage, fish, blasting powder, hops, provisions, rice, wo havo nothing of linportanco to refer to. Fruits have Improved in valuo. Malthas been moro noticed. In metals,'pig Iron has bocomo moro prominent. In oils kerosene lias had only mode- rate attention. Quicksilver lias rlson In prioe. Salt has gone higher. Sugar has been largely sold. Con- siderable sales of teas havo also boon made at auction. Timber has mot vv ith buj era to a fair extent. Tobac coc8 havo risen into favour again. Wines and spirits hav o gone completely out of notlco, and only tho most trifling sales have been effected of eltlior wines or brandies. Ale and Stout.-Tlio season for bulk ales drawing to a closo, more interest has been imparted by tlio neces- sity imposed upon holders topart with their stock, even though at low- rates, rathor than by holding longer bo forced to accopt of still lower rates further on. Sales of Bass hav o been making in small lots at £810s. to £8 15s. Somo timo ago a pareol of 100 hhde.of Marrlan's was quitted by auction at £7 ; sub- sequently tho agents wore induced to clear out W re- edy Ing an offor for tho entire balanco on hand, abou 320 lind., chiefly on Bjdnoy account, and for that which Is retained tho bujer has slnco boon asking £7 1GB. to £8. Tho Cnrllulo Company's lias been oifonng at £7 10s. to £S. Tho small lot on hand of Borry's Lion brand was sold to go to Sydnoy somo time ago. Negotiations havo also beon pending to clear out all tho Staines alo In tho market, which It IB expected will lead to business. For bottled alea a good demand has beon experienced. Tonnont's has boon selling at 13s. For Foster's wo quote 18s., though thoro has hoon no stock to offor for somo timo. Bj ass's trianglo Is worth 12s. Gd. Altkcn's has been advanced to 12s., but tho demand since has been vorysloyv. M'Eyvan's Is now worth 11s, Od, to 12s.; thora has, how over, been vory llttlo of tho brand on tho markot for a good while. Jeffrey's was pretty well cleared out early In tho month at 10s. Od., mid resales havo slnco been making at 11s. 3d. lo 11s. Od. Arrol's is saleable at Ils. Battled stouts have been in good request and values steadily supported. ' Edniond's pig brand has been sold at 13s. Od. Burke's has also realised 13s. Gd , but supplies havo been on a very moderato Beale. Foster's has boon soiling at 13s. O'Brion's dagger has been in fair request at 13s. for common, and 13s. Od. for champagno bottles. Offers of 12s. Od. for largo parcels of tlio former yyoro re- fused. Blood's has beon disposed of at 12s. Od.' to 12s. Od. Byass's can now be quitted at 11s. Od. Jeffrey's, disposed of at 10s. Od. to 11s., is now bolng resold at 11s. 3d. to 11s. Od., Arrol's commanding 11s. Bacging.-Wo noto a vory dull and heavy market. Tho extensiyo shipments of corosacks known to bo coming from Calcutta and England, combined with somo uncertainty which has arisen in regard to the crops has had tho effect of doterring tho larger buyers from operating, and, in couscquonco, tho usual spoon latlvo inquiry common to this period of tho, you: lias boen completely missed on the presont occasion. An improved demand for tredo purposes has been expe- rienced, hoyvovcr, and sales havo been recorded to tho extent of about 800 bales at 12B. to 12s. 3d. In wool packs thoro has beon nothing yvhatovcr doing, thofow orders which continuo to drop in at tho end of the season being too trifling to bo worth Bpoclal notice An occasional inquiry comes before us, but as there aro now no sellers at last month's rates buyers havo been compelled to pay 3s. 7d. to 3s. 8d. Bran bags havo only beon in very moderate request at Sa. 3d. Gunnies have been hold for 7s. 3d. : sales havo been reported at tho price, but to no great extent ; 100 bales yvoro sold yester- day, j Boots and Shoes.-Wo woro without much busi- ness to refer to in the early part of tho' month, but towards the closo thoro has boon moro doing. Last week, on Wednesday, a salo of English and colonial manufactured "boots, calf uppers, welling- ton legs, St, yvas held. Women's glovo kid boots, soyyii, F.S., brought Os. Od. per pair ; do. all kid, F.S. do., 7s. Od.-to 8s. 3d. por pair; do. peeress do., 8s. per pair; do. lioBsians, 7s. Od. nor pair; do. do., rivottcdj 7s. Gd. per pair; do. plain do., T.C., Gs. Od. per nair; E. cashmere do., yvlngs, 3B. Od. per pair; do. do., BOW«, 4s. per pair; do. all lasting do., 6s. to 7s. perpair ; girls', 11 s to l's, 6s, 3d. per pair ; do., 7's to 10's, 4s. Od. per pair ; do., 4's to 0's do, 2s. 6d. to 3s. Od. por pair; mon s nailed bluchers, 8s. per nair; do. light do., pegged, 7s. lOd. per pair ; do. lace Balmorals, 11s. 3d. per pair ; boys' lacoups, 6s. Od. por pair ; can- vas shoes, 3s. 2d. per pair ; youths' Balmorals, 0s. 3d. per pair ; men's E.S. Almas, 73. 3d. to 8s. Od. per pair ; do. calf U.S. Cholsoii uppers, Os. Od. per pair ; do. do , Alma do., 6s. Od. to 69. Od. por pair; do. yiclliiigton legs, 11s to 13s. por pair ; do. half do. do., 9s. to Ita. Od. por pair ; woman's. Chelsea uppers, 4s. 3d. per pair ; do. leather lineal do., 4S. Od. per pair ; men's Balmoral do., 6s. 3d. to 5s Od, per pair, &c.; On the following day another salo yvas hold, when 350 trunks boots and shoes wero disposed of at tho folio« lug satisfactory prices ¡-Women's sprlng-hcclcd cashnicro brought 3s. to 3s. Oil. ; do. T. 11. do., 3s. lil. to 4s. ; do. kid U.S., H.H., 5s. Oil. to Os. ; maids' half kid E.S., 4s, 0d to 8s. Od. ; girls' 7-10, 3s. lid. to 0s. ; do. 4-0, 2s. 8d. to. 4B. ; also, about 3,600 palra colonlal-inado, as under : Men's U.S. boots, 8s. Od. to 10s. ; bluchors, fls. to 0s. ; jouths' bluchers, 4s. 6d. to Os ; w onion's nlinas, 6s. to 0s. Od.: men's canvas o\onlans, 3s Od.; maids' almas, l8 fid to Oa Od , glrlB 1013 do , 4s to ßs Candles -The market has been stiffening foi while 1 ast, but competition is too treat to admit of an} marked advanco Supplies aro not heavy, lint quito sulllclcnt to moot too demand como forward, transactions being as a rule confined to suppl) big trade requirement- At auction Goudas havo been selling at Hid , last week, lion over, llijd waa realised I) It, O havo boon moving off rcadll) at 11 Jd for parcels, vy hilo 113d has becu got for smallor lots Cement.-Fortland has boon less firm of late, prices until tho Government contract for about 1,800 barrels was settled, woro well Bustdinctl, Slnco thoo, how.-» ever, an easier feeling ippe-ired in tho e-to3 to arrive, which afterwards was eouimuninted to spot parcels, and dunn" tin! dist ten dajs a decline of Is al least mut, bo reported About 3,000 barrels Knight, Bevai, and Co 'e, and Whites, have changed hands In parcels of 1,000 and 500 barrels in a Uno at Sh- ed , 21s 3d , down to 213 For trado parcels We now quote up to 21s Od to 22a for best brands, vvhilo Bccond brands coran and 20ä Cd to 21s American plaster has been firmly maintained at 20s to 21s , but sales hav e not been large Chemicals havo beon quiet and without alteration; the sales effected have been of verj llttlo account, and as a rule last month's quotations hay e boon realised Soda cr} stals hay e been disposed of at £12. Carbonato lias stood at £21 10s Caustlo Boda has had an easier fooling, and w c now qnotc £25 to £20 for 00 per cont, and £30 to £31 for 72 per cent. Holders of flowers of sulphur ask £1410s, but sales aro not important. Turtanc acid In jars has been sold at 2s 2d , and in kegs at 2s Id Cream of tartar though till latolj quoted at Is 3d., can now bo bought at la 2jd Prepared opium In consequence of cxccssli o compctitlou has dropped to 22s I Chicory -Movements have been slow this month Buvcrs will not operate boy ondBupplving trade wants, which as the season progresses ai o becoming moro re- stricted Colonial grown and manufactured is dis posed of at 3Jd per lb Coffee -A satisfactory business lias been dono Stocks aro not cxccssli o, and dealers, expecting from tbo tenor of advices from the producing markots higher rates, have been keeping bock rather than pressing sales On the other hand, preferring a steady trade to the irregularities, oven with tho excitement of a speculative business, anj thing like speculation has been eschew ed Prices as jet nave remained un- altered, though an odv anco may. be announced before tlio week closes Such an occurrence, how over, is usually declared at tho beginning of a new month, when the trade circuí ira are published Meantime best plantation has been selling at Is Id Ordinary Jay \ has been quitted at Is to Is OJd , but ti p ireel of 330 bagsflne Java was sold by auction at Is OJd. Native Cevlon Is salcablo at 12d Confectionery has not altered, nor has much anima- tion been pcrcoptiblc throughout the month Hellier s assortments hay e been quoted at lOhl, but as supplies havo como forward vcrj sparingly, fow opportunities havo been presented whereby to test tno market Assortments of Victorian mado, to which attention is most directed, aro In fair trade request at 9d to OJd Candled peel is now quoted at 14Jd , and jujubes aro solllnir at 13d Cordage.-Trado in this niaikct has sho« n littlo actiyity, and complaints haye been experienced that business, though not altogether unsatisfactory, might bo brisker. Tho local demand has been of a moderato character, nor hayo export orders como forward so freely. Best Manilla hemp Vietorian-mado rope has been selling at £63 for assortments Nos lto5, whllo sizes under lin. havo been quitted at 8Jd. ; second quality has found buyers at £00 for ropo, and 7W. for cordage sizes. Flat ropes hal o been disposed of at prices ranging, according to size, from £76 to £81. Now Zealand rope sells at £40 for large, and Sjd. for lines and sizes under lin. Shop twines aro quoted at Is. tolid., while seaming twines, best, sell, though y cry slowly, at 14d. to 14 Jd. Now Zealand flax yvas quoted at £22 to £24, but tho qualities coming forward now necessitate the wider range of £20 to £24. Fish.-Wo noto a stead)' inquiry at full rates. Now ling has been taken off tho market as readily as Blilpmonts havo como to band at Gd. per lb. New herrings hayo not jot reached; being wanted, hoyyeyer, tho first which como to hand will com- mand a ready sale. One-pound fresh herrings aro a trifle easier, being offered at 8s. W. to (Is. 3d. Red herrings, in tins, are saleablo at 82s. Ono-pound salmon is in good demand at 15s. Od. to 16s. Tho greater part of the T. Lucas's shipment of Californian (1.500 cases), just arrived, v\ as sold afloat at our quotation. Ball CB sardines aro quoted at 10s.; andquarters at 5s. 3d. Tho Bales effected hay 0 chiefly been by auction, and on ono occasion 220 cases yvero cleared off at Ss. Od. for the former and 6s. 3d. for the latter. One pound oysters aro lower; v.o quote 8s. to 8s. 3d., while lib. lobsters can bo bought at 12s. Od. ; tho demand for shell fish is, however, not great at pro- sollt. Fruit.-Supplies of raisins hay lug beon somow hat clrcuniBcribed, a y cry good demand has been expe- rienced at Improy ing rates ; indeed, all descriptions of dried fruits, yyith tho oxcoptlon of currants, havo gone off very frcoly. Sales of currants hayo boon making at 4*|d. Capo raisins aro quito out of tho market. Elemes havo advanced to 73d., and Valencias are saleable at 7Jd. to73d. Sultanas have been dis: posed of at 7Jd. Muscatels aro wanted, but thcro aro no shipments to hand. Figs aro in y cry good request, and sales arc making at Dil. to 9jd. Flour nnd Grain.-Tho market for brcadstuffs has maintained a uioBt unsatisfactory aspect throughout the cntlro month, and though our trado quotations for flour do not show much of a declino nominally, y et that does not exhibit tho real stato of tho markot. As tor quantities there is no demand whatei or, tho larger buy era holding back, and refusing to operate at almost any prico A nominal quotation of £14 has mied, but for tho post yveek or so 11 has boon yy eli known that if sales vvoro pressed low-or rates would i have to bo taken ; a point, now-over, appears to havo been reached for shipment to England of £1310s., but | which has hitherto been refused, and except tor a small parcel, not considered lino, no sales have yet been effected so low. Tho high roto of freight has till now- effectually checked tho shlpmont of flour, hut wo understand that a parcel ot 100 tons has boon arranged to go by tho Sam Mondol. Tlio month closes with quotations for bakers' lots at £14 5s. to £1410s., whllo dealers' pareols may bo obtained at £18 15B. to £14. Wheat has occupied a more real position than flour. Supplies have not como forward on a seale to affect prices, and buyers havo had moro difficulty, to moot with parcels suitable for require- ments rathor than otherwise. Tlio Bales recorded havo in consequenco been limited to tho qulttoneo of a fow thousand hushols from vvcok to vvook at tho auction sales, and qalto a hand-to-mouth trado only has boen dono privately. Primo wheat Is still salcablo at up to Cs. 3d.; for good wo quotoOs., and low to ordinary samples can bo got rid of nt 5s. Od to 5s. Od. Fears, not altogether without somo ground forapprohonslon, vvoro beginning to bo entertained both here and In Adclaldo regarding tho coming crops. Tho season, hovvovor, may yet provo moro propitious as It advances ; moroespoelallyas towards thoeloso of last w eck somo fino rain fell. Oats, In Uko manner, havo pre- sented a declining tendency. The numerous pareols of Inferior placed on tho markotr, and tho frequency of tho auction sales havo had a most prejudicial effect upon Bound grain, causing prices to drop to 4s. 2d. to 4s. 4d. for discoloured and Inferior feeding sorts. Common to good feeding havo of lato been realising 4s. Od. to 4s. Od., and milling samples, which aro vory scarce, do not realise over 5B. to Ds. Sel. On maizo a further declino must bo reported. Of lato tho quotation has stood at 3s, lid., and sales havo boen making to a consldorablo extent at this figuro ; but tho market Is again showing such evidences of weakness aainust oro long result In prices going still lower should nothing interioro to I «event that contingency. Capo barloy for feeding iaB been sold at 4B. 5d. to 4s. 8(1. Faulty Californian has beon soiling at 5s. Sound Oregon browing has been moving off at 5s. Od., whllo primo malting has been wanted, and a ready salo could bo met with at Os. to Gs. 3d. Bran from Is. 4Jd. has dropped to Is. »lil. Pollard has stood at Is 3d. to Is. Od. Victorian oatmeal has commanded fair trado notico at £31. Now Zealand has boon sold by auction at £27. Gunpowder_On blasting powder not tho slightest improvement has taken place Sales have been of tho most trifling description, bolng solely confined to Bupplv ing actual requirements, and not a singlo trans- action worth special notice has been allowed to como heforo us. Hull's has beon quoted at OJd. Moro money has been asked for Kamcs, hut it is well known that holders would bo glad to quit at Od, Other brands range from OJd. to Od. liops.-Tho Impetus imparted by homo advices at the closo of last month has not beon moro than barely siiBtalucil since, holders haying little in tho simpo of a demand to oncourago firmness. Tho season's demand ought now to assumo somo appearance of activity, but as yet sales havo been unimportant. Tho larger buyers purchaso with oxtromc caution, lu con Bcqucnco of tho heavy losses sustained last year. A samplo of now Kent has been rocolvcd by tho mall steamer yvhich lookB vory yvoll indeed, though it is oxpected that owing to tho Injury dono to tho crop just before picking, tho quality os a rulo yvill bo In- ferior. This parcel has been sold, to arrive, at tho extremo figuro of 2s. 4Jd. Tho salo, howovor, Is one of an exceptional oharactcr, the shippers haying gono to tho additional oxponso of repacking in coses to provont injury on tho way. 1872 Kent, according to quality, rango from Is. to Is. Od. ; Tasmanian 1878 aro quoted at Is. to Is. 3d., while- 1872 aro offering at all prices from Old. upwards. Malt.-A speculative demand wasoxporicnccdawock or two ago, leading to tho disposal of a good few thou- sand bushels, at l18. In quantity, but as this Is a prlco below tho cost laid down, there aro still parcols In tho hands of outsiders yvhich cannot bo got hold of under 11B. Od., and as our trade quotation does not exceed 11s. Gd. to 11s. Od., wo do not at present seo much pro- bability of the prlco advancing ; an improved trade demand yvill, howovor, at once impart a hotter tone. Metals havo not hcou marked by anything Uko ani- mation. Pig Iron, yvhich yvas lost mail quoted at £0, has Improved In valuo. All In first hands, to the cxtont of 800 tons, yvas takon up by ono buyor last weok, and tho prlco for trade parcols has In conso quonco beon raiBcd to £10. Galvanised iron has beon in fair request. Scotch, 28-guugo, Is quoted at £82. Ordinary brands of English aro yvantcd, and sales, aro making nt £33. In best brands buslnoss is also reported at £31 to £34 103. A parcol of Star brand was Bold, with all faults, at £28, £20 to £32 10s. ; for 5ft., 7ft., and 8ft., 20-gauge. Bar and rod iron brings £17. Sheet iron has maintained a uniform quotation of £18 for assortments of Nos. 8 to l8, whllo Nos. 20 to 20 havo been soing at £22. Plato iron Is quoted at £10. Hoop Iron Is in improving demand, as tho yvool season Is now on, and sales aro making nt £17 to £17 10s. Fencing wiro has liooii Blow. Nos. 0, 7, and 8 drawn aro quoted at £22 10s., £2310s.. and £2410s. respectively. Lead Bhot Is worth £30. Tin plates aro not moving nt all. Wo continuo to quote 10 por cont. advance on Invoice, but this is in a measure nominal. Muntz motal has boon sold at llid., but recently inquiries havo slackened. Ewbank's nails aro vaincu at 5 per cont. iidvanco. having been for some timo steady at that unco. Amorlcan nails at 28s. havo beon y cry littlo noticed. American hardware obtains only very modorato attention. Collins'B and Sharpo's heavy axes aro quoted at 80s., and sales haye boen recorded at tho prlco. Collins's heavy picks aro worth 62s. Ames's shovels havo been sold at 73s. to 74s. Day's D-II. shovels, 841u. to 861n., bring 60s. Othormakors', samo size, can lw had at 60s. Ilollowaro has remained unnoticed. Wo do not quoto over 10 percent off list Oils havobecn without tho slightest appcaranco of animation Lvon korosonofor the last two or throo weeks has failed to attract attention, although utan earlier period somo rather largo parcels vvoro placed Business for thq month opened bj tho salo of tlio 1' 1} in. hagle s shipment of 8,000 cases diamond In one Milo, an operation which steadied tho market con- siderably , then beginning to look " shaky ' Tho foi lowing vvcLk S01U04 OOOcoscs Dovoos were placed in tw o lines but since that onli one parcel of 1,000 cases Dt y oe s has licen Bold Dovoe a l8 quoted at Is lOd in small lolB and other brands range at from Is (id to Is Old Advices from New York this last iiiull, which leach to 21st August, re port Bullio 15,500 cuses having been Bhippcd foi Melbourne Castor ed la a tiU'o easier, being quoted this month nt 4s Od (lutj paid Linseed has not been much dealt lu. Drums aro saleable at 4s 7Jd , for hulk 4a 2i_ to 4s 3d Is wanted I»oi Colza 6s In drums ia rr quired, and hulk tan bo bought at 4s. 7d Olivo ia hold forGs 6d In dmuifl,and5s inwood Chinese oil has rulodatSs Votar oil Is worth £30 to £¿2. Oilmen's Stores havo mot with a good deal of In qulrv.nnd in addition to the usual salos at auction about 3,r.oo casos IHN O changed hands private'}', clitofli falad oils, &.C Sales of Stow er s pickles have been made at ßs Cd , whllo other brands have been quitted at nil prices richie; tolls Gd lib jama havo been disposed of at Gd Gd to Os Salad oil- havo improved in value Quarta arc selling at 18s Gd to 21s, pinta haye been sold at Os Od to 10s, and up to 10s Gd, half pints are quitted at 5s M to Os Castor oil has been selling at7s nd , but for halves we quote6s to C9 3d Sauces aro completely going out of uso ; thcro is very little demand, prices rango from C3 to 12s Capers are vv orth Cs Od to 6s Colman a mustard, in 7I0 tins, Is disposed of at -Id., lib tiusbringloa , and half pound Gs Keen's DSF mnstoid Is got rid of at ISs Gd in lib tins, whllo halves sell at 10s Gd White and blue starch has been moving lately at 6 jil. ; Kensington, Victorian made, sells at 4ÍJ. Tand stlcker matches liave beon sold (it 2s. Uti, Thumb blue is salcablo at lOJd. Sago ia lu moderate request at 2Jd. Cocoa nibs havo boen placed at Is. 41d. Macaroni and vcroilcolli command lOd. White pepper for trado purposes realises l8. 3 Jd., and black pepper is quitted at 7^d, Provisions.-Butter Is selling: at lower rates ; this week the prlco has declined to (ki. to 7d. Cheese is also quitted at a shade less money, Victorlaii-mado being disposed of at Old. to 7d. Ilams and bacon aro in fair trade request ; there has been very littlo doing at auction of late. Tho trado quotation for the best quality of haniB is l8. Id., whllo bacon finds buyers at lOd. for sides and lid. for middles, rolls I bofng Bupplied at Od: j Quickslfy cr.-Thoro has been little or no moroment for the greater part of tho month ; last week, how- ever, a telegram was received advising a riso In Eng- land of 20 per cent. An inquiry arose at onco ; sales vtcromadoat up to 4s. lOJd., and holders havo sinco been asking 5s. Bice.-A very doad and heavy market. Stocks aro largo, yot supplies s*.HI e-untiuuo to como forward ; wo do not now, however, antlcipato much more, if any, licforo the now year, when Patna will bo arriving. Of tho Kcdar's shipment about 200 tons havo been cleared off, but littlo elso has been done ; tho damaged portion of tho shipment was sold at £1678. Gd., not. Sound, in bond, is quoted at £18, though a less figure y\ ould not bo refused ; duty paid, we quote from £22 10s. to £23. Java dressed sold at £22 to £21. For Japan dressed, £22 is going. Bangkok dressed has been disposed of moro than onco at auc- tion as low as £17 to £17 10s. For Rangoon and Saigon dressed, £10 is wanted, but movements uro exceedingly sluggish. Tho Ashburton has arrived from Rangoon. Salt has riBcn in value. Stocks in tbo hand of the trade are very low, and tbero is, in couscqucnco, a speedy responso to any movemont whioh occurs. After the mail's arrival, advising a riso in freights, the market yvas cleared of all lots offering on tho spot and to nrrlvo, to tbo extent of 000 tons coarse and Ano ; and from the rates paid dealers have since been com- pelled to raiso thoir prices 10s. por ton all round, with tho prospect of a further advance ; and wo uow quoto 100s. for coarse and 110s. for fine Liverpool ; 120s. being required for fine London stoved. Im porters' hands aro completely cleared out at present ; but, for entire shipments, 10s. undor this quotation would havo to bo taken to effect sales. Slates.-A good demand has been experienced at last month's quotations, in addition to yvhich specula- tive purchases to the extent of 300,000 have como be- fore yis, by -which tho market has boen greatly strengthened, though thoro Is no actual alteration In values. Tho arrivals during tho month amount to 200,000. Tho shipments advised about equal require- ments. We quoto 24 x 12 at £10 ; 22 x 12, at £14 ; and 20 x 10, at £12. Sugar.-An extensivo trado continuos lo bo dono in Ulis staplo, but at most unsatisfactory prices as com- pared w 1th coBt. values in tho producing markot being too high to admit of um thing Uko a profltablo return SupplieB to band hay o been on a considerable scale Business for tho month opened out on Monda), tho 13th ult, by tho offei of tho Coorong s cargo of Java, but the auctioneers only succeeded in dis posing of 2,000 mats, nt 37s for medium whites Hie j ollovv s in tho samo cargo vv oro w ithdraw n About 1,000 bagB damaged Mauritius ex Commergant, woro cleared off nt £28 to £3715s. On tho 11th consldoi ablo sales of Mauritius were offccted prlvatel) tho business dono embraced ono or two ratlior largo lines, about 2 500 bats, and nu ndvancc of 20s on ) chows, 15s on medium whites (previously most depressed) nnd30s on superior whito browing was established Tile jubile sales comprised 1,300 mat- Java, sold ns per bulk, at £3110s to £35 10s , mid > letorlan beet root BUgai was quitted at£"bl0s Oil Vedncsdaj, tlio 15th, about 3 000 met.; Java changed hands at£3. for )chows to £37 to £37 10s for medium whites. 3,000 kegs Honolulu Bugnr vvoro cleared off by auction, with all faults, at £25 16s to £35 15s tho quallt) of this description Is quito equal to Mauritius On Thursday, tho 10th, under tho hammer, tho cargo of Mauritius ox Flodden was offerod, and somo 5,115 bags wero cleared off at rates full) supporting tho improvement notod Hattons brought -is fld to 25B 3d , low ) ollovv 8, 32s Od to 33s Od , medium counters, 34B Gd to 36s 3d , good, 3Cs Od to 30s 7_d , and grainy ) ollovv counters, 34s 3d to 31s 0d Low j ollovv crj stals realised 33s. to 34s 3d , and j el low browing bl ought 37s Privately tho balance of tile Coorong s shipment of Jay a was got rid of tho samo daj About 12,000 mats vv ero, In addition to tho sales previously roported, quitted at £32 for) ollovv to |£37 and £3710s for medium whites A parcel of groylsh Mauritius was also placed at £37 and COO bags China llcllncry counters were sold nt C35 to £30 10s On tho 17th ro sales of Mauritius fino whites wero mado as high as 41s , a strong demand was also experienced for ellina Refiner) sorts at 34s to 30s for good to fino lightyellowcounters, 600bags grain) rations wero placed at £20 to £27 10s for good to fine On Tttcsda), tho 21st, sales privately woro reported of China refiner) sorts at £3410s to £3010s for good to Uno counters 1,102 bags Mauritius woro dlsposod of by auction at £3710s to £3310s for white cr)stals, £35 16s to £30 for fino j cliow counters £33109 for medium counters, £30 to £30 5s for brow ns, £2810s for fino rations, and £24 to £24 15B for low rations. On tho 22nd, 4,708. bags and pockots wero cleared off Good ) ollovv counters brought 35s Od , ) ollovv crystals, 35s 3d to 30s , groy costáis, 30s Gd to 37s Gd , browing crystals, 30s Od , medium Java crystals, 37s Od to 3Ss 3d On rrida), tho 24th, sales of China counters vvoro roported nt £35 Undor fio Immmor 5,600 bags and mats Honolulu sorts were disposed of, as per bulk, a( £21 to £34 6s TRI) hairs Mauritius vvoro quitted, also, with all faults, at £24 to £38 10B. net. On Mon- day, the 27tll, tho cargo of tho Orienta! was sub- mitted to public competition, when tho auctioneers suc- ceeded In disposing of 3,507 bags, but a declino of at least los. per ton had to bo submitted to. Lo«-yellows Bold at 31s. to 818. 0d" medium at 32s. Gd. to 83s. 3d., good at 84s. 3d. to 35S. Gd., grainy yellows at 34s, to 35s. 3d., medium whites at 37s. Od. to 38s., and yellow crystals at 35s. Od. Sales of China counters yvere re- ported privately at 30s., of browing crystals at £3710s,, and at up to £41 for vory Uno yyhltcs. Ex tho Fleur do Meurlcc, from Java, about 12,500 mats woro dis- posed of onTucsday,tlic28tli,atpriCcSBliou1nganyth!ng but a firm market. Middling white crystals realised £80 16s. to £37 ; fine yellows, £35 15s. to £30 ; groy counters £35 6s. to £35 10s., and medium counters £31 10s. Tho damaged portion of tho Coorong's shipment, amounting to 3,857 mats, yvas like- wise quitted at from £23 15s. to £31 153. net. On tho 31st, 1,000 bags yvoro got rid of prlyatoly at £35 for grainy yollows, to £38 for light browing crystalB. Tlio arrivals during tho last yveek nero numerous. Tho Dover Court carno Into port In tho beginning of tho yvook from Java ; tlio Earl of Southesk, the St. Moro, tho Peony (tho last-named went on to Sydney), mndo their appearance at tho samo time from Mauritius ; yylillo tlio Syrluga and Sempiternal yvoro reported at tho closo of tho weeli, also from Mauritius ; the Bengal, dropping in from Manilla. On the L3rd instant tito cargo of tho St. Maro was submitted to competition, 5,750 bags finding purchasers nt 31s. for low yellows, 32s. to 33s. for medium counters, 34s. to 34s. Od. for good, and 36s. 3d. to 87s. for lino groy counters, and 878. Od. for good whites, prices yvhich show a reduction on pre- vious sales. To-day tho cargo of tho Sompltornal was offered. Our latest advloes from Mauritius, yvhich have been rocolvod by telegram from Aden, aro up to 10th ult. Timber.-Wo report a fain amount of activity. On deals, howovor, in whioh alargo businoss has been dono, a reduction has lind to bo submitted to. In tho beginning of the month sales woro oluofly limited to tho disposal of colonial tiuiber. The cargo of sawn kauri ox Moa (140,865ft.) yvas disposed of on tho 14th tilt, at 14s. 3d. to 18s. per 100ft. Bupor. Tho cargoes -ex Naiad, 180,000ft. cedar, rcalfsod 80s. Gd. to 38s. 3d. per 100ft. ; ox CrlBhua, 55,000ft. cedar brought 25s. 3d. to 278. Gd. per 100ft,, 38,000ft. sawn pino 14s. Gd. to 16s. 9d. por lOOfte; ox Yarra, 55,000ft. codor fotched 27s. to 33s. por 100ft. ; 17,000ft. do., 80s. 3d. to 83B. -per 100ft.; S02,<XWft. 0 x ti und Ox} red and white T. and G. flooring, damaged, were likewlso disposed of at full rates, On Tuesday, tho 21st, tho sales embraced the quit- tance of 300,000ft-T. and O. ox Peuthosllca and Sam Mendel, who»0x1*, brought 15s.,and 0x3 10s. Od. For 6 x J yvo quote 7s. Bd., yvhllo 0 x J fs worthlls. Gd. On tho 24th, the sale of deals yvas a most oxtonslvo ono ; red Baltic deals representing a molloy value of £80,000 wera then, disposed of at 5¡d. to (k1. 0-10tlis per foot 0 x 3. On Tuesday, 28th, 2,700 pieces, 11 x 3, spruce deals ex Van Diemen, yvoro quitted at Cd. to 6d. 5-lGtliB per foot 9x3, and 1,000 pieces rod deals, 12, 11, and 10 x3, ex Vak Wan, disposed of at 5d. S.lOths to 5gd. per foot 0x3. On the 31st, sovoral. laroo sales yvere advertised to como off, but owing to tho wet weather thoro yvas little dono. lll.OOOIti yvliito pino shelving wera disposed of at £12 15s.; 81n. to ?litu. clear pino Bold at £17 15s., and 100,000 4ft. laths were ouitted at 28s. Od. to 28s. 3d. por 1,000. Tohiccocs havo vor) much Improved, mid the market now presents quito n dlfforont aBpoct to w hat it did a month ago A largo trado has rocentl) boon dono In tens nnd flatvvork In tho beginning of the month attention was dlroetcd towards twist, when one firm bought up all tho St Andrew and Raven advised and on tho spot, to tho oxtont of 400 packages 210 packages navies vvcro also amongst tho private business recordod that vvook On tito 17th tilt an auction sale of Ohlldro) s goods was hold, at which wero sold 280 packages, realising fon- pocket pieces 9jd to ll»d , fives 81d to Od , throes 8Jd to 10Jd , double thick 8d to lOJd, half pounds 9d to le, fours Od to 11 Jd , mid black twist/18. Mil per lb, also, with all faults, 10s 10Jil t» Hld per lb, and black twist in cases Is lill per lb Advices from England b) tho mall rogardlug ship- ments nro oxcoodlngl) favourable Cameron's agents report that no shipments of this, brand aro advised, tho total quantity coming from England doos not e\ cecd 41,2051b , w hilo from America direoti on!) 150 Packngos havo boon shipped to Molbouruo 40» pack ages being roported an for Dunedin, 38 to Wellington, and 20 linds to Sydiiej, information which was lui mediator) followed I)) nniovomcnt In fhitwork, re suiting In the Salo »f -,500 packages Cameron s V onus mid Two Seas nndother smaller parcels bonig effected At auction 294 pack-ges Cameron's damaged eoodB woro lasà week also quilted- lons, damaged, rought from Is ijd to la 4\ik lives la .¡iii , for net caBlv _lso, sound long tsns, ll^d Uvcv l8 lid to Is 2UI , half poiuidu, 1B 3d , foiuN, 1B OJd , tttxtcous, Is l\ú , peckot piece«, la _',d Our trade quotations are-Common and medium bcuB, 9d tolOil , good, la to-14i_.; Venus nnd lu. bea- nie held now for Is. 4Jd to Is. 6d , li ilf poim-B.com mond »tom Is. to lOd Durk navies realise Is. 3d to 1B Gd , and bright WAICS a similar milgo ot prices lniictesruloat Is Od to Is Od T« 1st, common and lneiliuiyi, 1B 3J1 to Is. 4Jd Good to, heet brands bring l8 5Jd lois 7d Ormond s Swiss ci(, un) Bell ni S»s Gd. Maullla raugo from 02a. Gd. taUCu Ocrainn clears al 0 quoted at 40s to 00s Hamburg mado at, ( 0s to 200s Genuino Hay annoi fetch from £10 to A10 Vines and Spirits- A very good trade inquiry has been experienced for wine«, no large transactions hav r. liow ever, been roported, the demand being sole!) for tho supply of rcqcilrcmcnU A telegram was re. ceived early hist month from London advising tho imposition bj the Spanish Gov onitnont of a tax on all Spanish wiiio» ot 6 per ççn,(, but (ho çirçumstanoo Jill not leid lo any apcculath e in jiilr) Sherries hal o boen nioyingatall prleis rising from £2. ¿20 £18 £52, £64 £70, while »ort lino been quitted at £.¡5, £30, £30, £o0, £5', £70 An attempt was made to sell at auction, hut without any result Ordinary claret was disposed of at .iii lu hilda Cuxmuaguc0, fine brands, arc In good request at prices rang-uir from 70s to 00s Brmdlcs have prcsontcd the most extriordinarj contrast t-o the nah it) which pro\ ailed lost month Slnco the dc)iurture of last mall scarcely a solo has boen re- corded, and the utmost dulness has prc \iilcd Tills, howcycr is uot more tlian might bo expected Tho price was forced up moro by speculation than anj actual demand for consumption, and until tho Btock In tho hand» of tho trado is vforked off, it is not likely thoy can bo wllllne buyers at present rates, tho market must, howorer, right Itself ero long Values hal o bum well sup- ported notviithstaniilng tho only rodirction being lu Hennessy s, w hich w as forced up lilghor in proportion to tho valuo of othor brands Hennessy s 1872 ha» been selling in small lots at 9s 3d for parcels, 0s. ljd would bo taken, and a disposition wa» evinced to gho Os., but such offer would not bo mado now Martclls 187- is quoted* at 8s. Od Otard s can bo bought at 7s 9d to 8s Chani paprno Vineyard Is We-rth 7s Od to 7s 0d A pura.I of Marett s yvas pi iced at 7s Od Jules Robin and Co Is y allied at 7s Gd A shipment of Bisqtut Duboucho and Oo , about 40 hhds , was sold at 7s 4d fror ynicprowcrs wo quoto 7s 3d to 7s Gd A parcel of 70 hhds of this brand, about turca years old, yvas quitted at Sa 3d For Contrai \ ine yard Os 1X1 to 7s is required Considerable lines of Onrtlllon and Rouiller s hayo of lato been quitted at about 7s and 6s 9d respccthelj Caso brandies haye beon equally neglected, and scarcely a sale can bo reported Hennessy s has maintained »" nominal quotation of 80s. Martclls has bee» quoted at -7s (k1 to 28s Associated has been Bold at ils 1,000 casca La Grand Marque woro cleared oS in the bei, inning of tho month at 16B IM, but IBs lias slnco been « anted from tlio trade Kum took a sudden start and roso to 4s for 10 ]>tr cent o p , at which it has been Boiling on tho spot and to arru o Geneva -JDK/ is easier 15 bottlo oases havo boon moy nig off at 15s Od , w hilo 20 bottles hay o realised 10s Od Key was sold last « cek at 13s. Od , and Juniper at 11s 7jd IMilskey las realised 4s Od to Gs anilOs Gd air It Burnetts old tom has brought 13s 6d REVIEW OF THE STOdC- AND SHARK MARKET. Tho increased activity which characterised- tho market for mining shares at closo of previous month . continued during tho greater tyirt of the four.weoks included In our present report, but for tho lost 10 day. business has boon extremely dull, partly lio doubt owing to tho counter attractions presented'-) tho Spring Unco Meeting and tho general opportunity willoh it affords for holiday-making. In Investment stocks vvo have to noto a vory quiet market for .Govenuaont dobenturos, at rates in favour of buyer«. .Bank shares, on Mo othor hand, have Improved ia valuo, and changed hands to - fair oxtent. Gas share» 'dull of sale, as also Insurance, with tho oxceptlon oC 'Australian Alllanco, which havo been in good request, and placed at'full rates. Melbourno and Hobson'» Bay. Ballway shares havo been In demand, owing to prospect of tho Uno bolng purchased by Govcm 'ment, and the nominal valuo lias been advanced, but shares too stlflly hold to permit of much business. In mining, by far tho largest ex- tent of business has been In tho sharcB of some half dozen companies on tho South Gardon Gully Uno, Sandhurst, consequent on tho striking of golden stone .in ono of tho claims-tho Burrowes1 Freehold. AU thoso havo largely advanced In valuo-lu sovoral In- stances moro than doubling previous rates-anil although thoy havo cased a llttlo from top rates, yet thoy, closo very finn, with prospect of still further Improvement on further development. Golden Flcoca havo receded from opening rates, but closo at an im firovcmcnt on lowest prices. Hustler's stocks have» lad a depressed market, oxcept City of Sandhurst, which have advanced, owing to striking reef, of which however llttlo Is yotknown. Coinpauios on tho John- son's Uno havo had a quiet market. Outsldo of Sand- hurst, vvo noto an Improvement In Now North Clunes, which aro reported to havo struck payablo »tono nt a depth of 1,000ft. Pleasant Creek stocks havo bad on tho wholo a fallinc market. Long Tunnel, Stringor's Creek, have had little business, but nro in request at full rates. Tlio Victorian Finance and Agency Com- pany aro about to increnso their working capital, mid aro also taking pow-ers to asstmtlato their business In some degreo to that of local banks, but not . to include the Issue of notes or the establishment of branches. They show good progress, and havo de- clared dividend at rate of 8 per cent, per annum. Tho Colonial Bank of Australasia havo doclarcd dlvi- . demi at rate of 8 per cent, mid the National Bank of Australssla at roto of 10 per cent. Tho latter, as will bo seen by roport, aro Increasing their capital by tlio . Issuo of one sbaro for every seven now hold. The mining dividends for tho month amount to £03,251 lbs. 4il., as partlculariscu below. Dobonturcs.-Victoria Govoniinont six por cents, hal chad oriyaieryHllcht demand,andnrolnthcinarkot at £116 10B.; for bonds duo 1885 a foyv small lots woro quited nt price withheld ¡ do. do. fivo per cents, havo ! seller at £109, and Molbourno Corporation six per couts, at £112. Now Zealand tour per couts, and Queensland four per cents, placed at rates withheld, and aro nominar about £0210s. formor and £03 10s. ' latter. Now South Víales fivo nor couts, had a limited business nt £107 10s. and at price withhold. Banks.-Ballarat'wuuid bo taken at £7 2s. Colonial have had fair Inquiry, yyith transactions of modcrate oxtcnt at £8 8s. Gd. to £8 4s. cum dir., closing nt £8 Is. seller ox dlv. Conuuorclal hayo beon in improved demand, and changed hands to a good extent at prices ranging Iw tw con £610s. Ik), and £5 17s. Gd., cloBlngat £5178. Gd. seller. Land Mortgage dealt in to a small oxtent at 58s. 0d; to 60s., and oro in tho market' at latter price. National (Molbourno rcglstor) hayo had a steady de- mand throughout tho month at advancing ratos; sales havo boon mndo from £7 3s. to £7 8s, oum dlv., but closing quiet nt £7 6s.; do. (London roglsterji woro placed at £018s., and would ? And bilyera at £7. ; do. (Adolaldo register) changed hands at £7 to £7 2s. , Od., and yvnntod nt £7.28. Now South Wales would find buyers nt £48 103. Union wanted at £47 10s., and held for £19. Victoria havo boon lu demand, and changed hands to a good oxtentot.CID 10s. to £60, . , closing firm. Gas.-Ballarat nominal about £11 10s. seller, £11 butcr. Collingwood lu theniarkot at£'.) iris. Goolong' obtaliiablo at £0 10s. Molboumo, old Issue, quiet, about £516s. sullcr ; do., £10 paid-up, were placed at £11 8s.; do., now issue, changed hands at 65s. Od., mid hayo sellers about 07s. Gd. South Melbourne neglected, sellers about 15s. insuranoo, Ac.-Australian Alltanco yvere placed to a good oxtent nt48s., and aro obtainable abouttlilg price. National woro quitted at Ss. 3d. to 3S. lid., but hayo slnco Improved to buyor at 8B. Od., and cfoso 'finn. Southern hay o lind a dull market ; shares oftoied nt ITS., with no doolorod buyor over 168. M. and II. B. Ii. Railway oponod with salo at £63, and nftoryvards carno Into domand and advanced to buyers at £68, closing £60 buyor, £00 Bollor. Melbourno Omnibus Company in the market nt 48s., and Malbourno Moot-prosorving-Company at 60s. Mines.-Ballarat and Other Districts-Alum Consols havo been quitted to a limited extent at 01s. to COS., and aro offorcd at latter ; 2s. Gd. dividend paid durlnx tho month. Argus United havo been quiet, and offered at 41s., buyer at 87s. Band and Albion. Con- sols have been dealt In to a small extent at 0s. Gd. to 10s. 3d., closing seller at latter. Black.ltorso have had a depressed market ; shares qulttod from ,348. to» 24s. Bonshaw aro offered at £0j buyer about £8. Crown Cross havo had a. rather qulot but firm markets sales to a moderate oxtent at £43 to £41, eloslug buyer at lattor ; £2 dividend paid. Olly of Ballnrat nominal at 20s. seller, 26s. buyer ; profèrent shares offorod at COS., with buyer about 52s. Clunes Cousols-havo been, quitted to a limited ox tout nt 33s. to35s., closing about 35s. buyor. Cornish, Bright, offered at 10s. Od. Duke of Cornwall had a few transactions at between 0s. Od. and OB. 3d., closing- at Gs. Gd. seller. Devon- shire woro in good request early in tlio month, and, had salCB from 13s. 3d. up to 18s. Gd.; tnoy have silica receded, bowoyor, and won quitted down to 148., cloBlngat 16B. Gd. sellers. Eaglehawk Union, Maldon, have had a very dull market, and receded from buyer» at 80s. to Boilers at 27s. Englishman's havo changed hands at 8s. Od. to 4s. Od., closing about 4s. 3d. Ex- tended Cross Reef woro placed early at O29;andiclo«o dull with seller at samo. Good Hope funnolllnir. nominal at 83a. seller. Golden Hoof quit« neglected. Ifopo havo been dealt in at 16s. to 10s., and aro obtainable at 17s. Koh-i-noor hod a Blight Inquiry early in the month, and Bold up to 40s., but havo slnco fallon dull again. Leviathan nominal at-00s¿ Boiler. Long Tunnel haye had a quiet market, mid declined; hut close lui) or £123, seilet £127, div Idoud of £3 palih Lothalr had moderate Inquiry lu tho oarl) pal t of tho month, vv 1th sales from OSs lo 100s, but thoy hav s slnco been pressed on tho inarkot, and receded to sejlers 00s , closing dull owing to minors being on strike Magdala hav o had a dull market, and recede., consideráis]) ; opening with sales at £5 IB , UiO) havo slnco been quitted down to 80s, closing about 83s. Bullers Noyyingtou and Pleasant Creek havo boen pressed on tbo market and fallon hcav II) , patd>-ups quitted from £10 down to £818s , do , intormodiato, offered at £810s Now North Chines had n limited business at £65 to £03 10s. but carno Into strong demand towards closo, and havo risen to £72 sales. North Cornish havo hoon offered at 35s , bli) er 25a. Noith Gipps Land dealt In to a small extent at 78s to 80s, closing at 83s sollor, 78s bli) or Nuggetty Alliance havo sollors at £8 10s Park had a tory limited business at Gs Od , mid aro offorcd nt 7s. Prlnco of Wnlos, Sebastopol, nomlnnl nt about Us Od l'rlnco 1'atrlok, Stau oil, opened In demand Mid ad- vanced, withsalos from £5 Gs up to £0, thev havo slnco, how over, beon pressed on tlio inarkot, and shares quitted down to £4 10s Reform, Haddon, nominal about 41B Sloanes and Scotchmans ha/I numerous transactions during the past month, huit at almost dull) fluctuating rates, Bales have ranged from 41s up to 51s Gd , falling slnco to 34s, and flnall) closing about/ 35s Saints wore In demand, and roso to sales nt 409 , hut fell again to 32s., and closo dull South Chinea lu tho market at Ms South Cross havo had a very dull inarkot, and re- ceded hcav II) , Bales from £5 0s down to £4, and closing dull with Bollora nt samo, do do Noa 14,15, mid 10 Company havo also rocodod , aliaros quitted from lils to 60s , closing 509 seller buU-ii, Black- wood, woo quiet, mid onsod to Boilers at ii 1(1, hub have slnje como Into roqucst (uni advanced to buyers, at £18 ; 7s Gd dil Idend paid Sultan«, hay e beon dealt Into a limited oxtont at-70s. Gd, to7l.s,,closliifc 70s bli) or Tookey w llhoiit ropoi titi business, anitj olTcrsd at £18 10a. poi full Bharo United Hand and; Band doubio sold to a small oxtont ut 10s., and aro lr i tbo market at same Walli illa not mentioned for buslncBB >v Intel s rrcohold, havo Iwon u> au In to n limited oxtont nt> £17 15s. to £in closing at £18 6s huvcr, til) 5a. 'B0il_v. Sandhurst) -Albert neglected, nominal ruf ¿ 2â*" seller, 18s bii)cr. Arcadian wero placed at ' irovu ia Gd to OB 2d cum dil , but have slnco f- lUul ¿"jj and Tiaodod to Bollera ut 3s* Gd e\ div o' nj RUI-' rows.' 1 rechoîJ opened willi buyers at 10s. |,ul 0" ro port of reef being struck calilo Into Btr on" domniitt -Md rapid») advanced, with »mnuroua I """actions at all rates from IBs. »4. up to .Is. »d. flimm closing about 218 seller, SOsb.)cr Callie a'no Heef Unllc nouilnal about Us. Gd sellers C1'. o(s.imlliur8t hld au activo demand m consoquor ¿a of Bt0HC Uomff Btruck In the shaft, and WOT» ,lIaCLd llt from n, up to 14s Oil, sbicc eisln"- t0' ," ",", cl()t)ll)(f quiet Constellation havo |IRU ,",, ')liqull/ ""H changed hands at from 7ll nj tü g/ JJ closing fliin »I 8s. 3d ^."g 8ä (k1 seller Colorado Tribute woro nu' uCd fiom 4s Od to Is, but advanced agalnto 5s 5d nnl nnnllj clo3od about 5s seller Cosmopolitan lla(1 "" RClho \n}uir. _"" advanced with salo^ from 09 to l(ja 3], hut the) receded Hitor ,n"t8 ^ 80ncrs "tIIB, and CIOBO dull Extended North Johnsons dealt into a fur extent at Os to 9s Od , ».losing at Os 3d sellers. Lx tended Hustler's Freehold ycry dull, and havo sellers at 22s., with buyer about 20s Garden Gully United were dull at 80s sellers tiîl towards elose, when they came into demand, and advanced to £5, clo-jlng firm. Garden Gully Railway Boscrve were ia fair request, and placed from Os. Gd to 10s Gd, but have since fallen to 8s. 9d, and closed dull Carden Gully Freehold hayo had only a very limited business at 22s. to 23s. Gd , and close dull, Is dlvi dend paid Golden Stream Tribute had a strong demand with the Burrows Freehold, and advanced, with sales at all prices lrom 4s Od. up to 12s 9d , since receding to 8s Od-, aud finally closing about Ofl 3d G G Consolidated asked for at 10a Golden Age were in good request, and changed hands from 12a Gd to 13s 9d , closing 14s. 3d. asked. Golden Fleece bad a finn market, with transactions to a fair extent at 97s. Gd. to 9Sc 6d. till last yvcok, yvhen they were pressed, and quitted down to 88s., re covering sinco to 903., and closing with 02s asked, 3s. dividends paid , do Tributo No 3 haye been sold to a moderate oi tent at prices ranging between 8s Gd. and 9s Cd , closing at Os. sellers Great Extended Hustlers havo had a declining market, and shares quitted to a small extent at from 87s Od to 80s., closing dullat82s soliera, "a dlyldcnd paid , do Tribut« No 1 hr\o hod only a slight in quiry during tho past month sales to a small extent nave ranged between 41s Od and 46s , closing a* 43s sellers. Hartmann s Concord havo had numerous transactions during tho mi nth tit ycry fluctuating prices , opening at 2s Sd thoy were sold up to os 9d , since falling to 4s Gd , and closing about 5s sellers. Hustlers Reef haye not Biistained last month s closing ra»es shares having been quitted from 009 to 60s, closing with seller at 62s. Hustler 9 tcescrvo offered at 10s. Hansel Monday Tribute had somo demand, and were sold at 7s Bd to bs 3d , closing about 8a , Is 3d paid in dividends. Imperial Hustler's Freehold nominal ahcut 4s 3d Johnson s Reef opened with a strong demard, and wore placed at from 77s Gd toals., they afterwards cased to 75s, «ince improving again to 77s. Gd , and finally closing about 77s. seller, Is. dividend paid Koch and Hilde -randt Tributo wanted at 7s Gd , with 8s Gd asked I-izarus without business, nominal rate, 23s seller Lazarus, No 1 Company, were In request, and placed at 23s. to 23s Od , but closing quiot Londonderry had a very activo market and advanced, with sales from £35 up to £55, afterwards reccdlug to £15 and finally closing tlrm at £17 Now Chum and Victoria "Were lu request at close, 45s being offered, and 47s Gd asked New Hustlers wero dealt 111 to a moderate extent at 0s to Og Gd , but closo quiet at -a, 9d seller North Hustler s asked for at 7s 3d , nnd hold for 8s. 3d North Johnson 3 hay 0 again had a restricted business at reduced rates , sales at 24s Sd to 22s, closli'.e, 21s seller New Chum aud SellcYUo Extended were placed to a limited extent at 2s Od to 3s , closliiL, dull North Old Chum hav e had a qulot market sales to a small extent at ?40s. to 48s Od , closing 48s seller, Is dividend paid Oki Chum not mentioned for business Princess Dog mar nominal, about 12s buyers, 11s Gd sellers Koch's pioneer were quitted to a limited extent at 4°s -to 50s Richard Hcalcs have had a few transactions at 38s. to 19s, closing at '8s bu)cr, 20s seller Itojal Hustler's had an active inquiry ,-nd advanced with sales from 35B Gd to 45s Cd , but sinco casing to sellers at 39s. Sea advanced from Is 9d to 11s , but have fallen dull, and closo about 8s South Stafford nominal, at 7s Gd sellers Union Tribute hada few transactions at 4s. to 4s 3d . but close at is. Sd seller United Perseverance would find buy cr at 7s. Gd , seller 10s Ulster adv anced from 5s to 83 , and close about Cs Gd Thc mining dividends declared during tlio month ending Nov 1 amount to £GS,2ol 183 4d , of w hieb £60,081 18s 4d are from quart?, and £8,570 from alluvial mining companies Tlio dividends In detail I aro as follows -For week ending October 11 Passby, Sandliurst, £50 per 21th £1,200, Hopewell, Sandhurst (final), Jd per 24,000th, £50 Golden Fleece, Sandhuist, Is Gd per 20,000th, £1,500, North Cid Chum, Sandhurst. Is Gd per 27,000th, £2,025, Long Tunnel, Stringer's Creek, £3 per 2,400th, £7,200, Oriental, Pleasant Creek, £87 10s per 80th, t.7,000 , E. H Union, Maldon, Gd per 22,000th, £J50 , Clouji and Burrell s Tribute, Sandhurst 4Jd per 24,000th, £450, NeyvChum and Victoria Tribute, S ludhnrat, £1 per SOOtb, £800, Park, Ballarat, Is per 12,800th, £040 lor tho week ending October l8 -Cor- nish, Daylesford, Cs por 1,300th, £325, Walhalla, Stringer's Creek, £2 per OOOth, £1,¿00 , Tommy Dodd, Malmsbury, 3d pel 10,000th, £125, Sultan, Black wood, 7s bd per 2,500th, £037 10s , Devonshire, Cas tlemaine, Gd per 20,0o0th, £500, Soaham, Mary fcorougb, 2s per 0 OOOth, £G0O , Band of Hope, Mary- borough, l8. pcr6,000th, £300, Crown Cross, Stawell, £2 per 2,100th, £4,333, New North Clunes, Clunes, £1 per 2,056th, £2,0J6 , Reform, Haddon, Is Gd per 10,000th, £760 , Queen s Birthd ey, Dunolly, Is. per 0,000th, £300, Lticlmrdt's United, Sandhurst, tkl per 24,000th, C000, Johnson s Reef, Sandhurst, Is. per 28,000th, £1,400, Garden Gully Tribute No 3, Sandhurst, 2s. per 23,760th, £2,375 , Brown's, Sand hurst, 1B per 24,000th, £1,200, Arcadian, Sand hurst, Gd per 24,000th, £000 , Hansel Monday Tri tute, Sandhurst, 9d por 24,000th, £900 Great Ex tended Hustler s, Sandhurst, 2s per 28,000th £2,800 For yveek ending October 25 -Tcmpcnuico, Ballarat, £llpor28th,£S0b. North Old Chum, Sandhurst, Is per 27,000th, £1,350 , Golden llccco Suidliurst Is Ikl per 20,000th, U.500 , Clough and Horrell B North Devonshire Tributo, Sandhurst, Is Id per 24,000th, £1,300, North Dey onshirc, Sandhurst, 4d per 24,000th, £400, Princess Alico, Sandhurst, 4d per 24,000th, £400 , South Catherine, Sandhurst, 4d per 25,000th, £410 13s 4d , Alma ConsolB, Maryborough, 2s Gd per O.ÖOOth, £760, Lowers Ireehold, Creswick, Is Od per 16,000th, £1,400, Grand Duchess, Ballarat, £3 10s per 40th, £110, North Cross, Stawell, 0s. per 10,000th, £3 000 For w^ok ending November 1 -Seaham, Maryborough, Is per U.OOOth, £300, Golden Lake, Smythcsdilc, 68\. per 4,400th, £1,100, Eldorado, Smythes- dale, £20 per 80th, £1600 , Koli I noor, Bal- larat, 3s per 3,200th, £480, Cornish United, Bright, Gd per 20,000th, £500, Lcwer'a Free Isold, Creswick, l8 per 16,000th, £S00, Garden Gully Tribute No. 2, Sandhurst, Gd per 23,750th, ¿593 15s ; Garden Gully Tnbuto No. J, Sandhurst, 4s. per 23,760th, £4,760 ; Hnnsel Monday Tribute, Sandhurst, «d. per 24,O00th, £000; North Garden Gully, Sand liurst, £100 per 24th, £2,400; Indefatigable, Sand- hurst, £2 per 24tb, £48 ; Folio s, Sa ldhurst. Cd. per 30,000th, £750 ; Tomrn) Dodd, Malms- bury, Cd. per 10,000th, £250; Specimon- hlll, Daylesford, Od. per 21,700th, £514 Tho dis- tricts from which the above nuning dividends were derived rank as follows In order of amount distributed, viz -Sandhurst, £30,403 8s 4d , l'lea Bant Creek, 14,338; Gipps Land,£8,IM ; Smythes- dale, £3,000; Creswick, £2,200; Clunes, £2,050; Maryborough, £1,050 ; Ballarat, £1,568 ; Da)leaford, £1,419 ; Blackwood, £937 10s ; Castlemaine, £375 Bright, £600. The total mining dividends for tho several mall periods since Januai) 1 stand thu3:-Four weeks ending January 26, £70,291 0s 8d ; four weeks end- ing February 22, £81,000 3s ; four wcoks onding March 22, £00,3b- 13s; four weeks ending April Hi, £67,691 ; four weeks ending Ma) 17, £02,051 ; four weeks ending Juno 11, £80,004, four weeks ending July 12, £75,022 : four vvcokB ending Angust 9, £00,098; four weeks ending Soptembor 0, £01,701; four weeks ending October 4, £02,370; four weeks ending November 1, £03,251; making a gross total for the year to date of £787,631 reported by public companies, to which a considerable further sum w ould require to ho added for private coniplines and for public companies not reported. The dividends from public companies other than milling arc:-Tlio Colonul Bank of Australasia, at rate of 8 per cent, per annum. WELBOURNE MONTHLY WOOL AND STATION PRODUCE REPORT Messrs B GOLDsnnoioii and Co report -"Wool -Tbooponing sale of the season lu Melbourne was hold at our warehouses on the 22nd ult, tlio catalogue comprising 7,435 bales, consisting chlofly of clips from the Ilherine district There was a largo at tendance of buyers, mid tho biddings opened yyith considerable spirit, competition boing vieil maintained throughout tho sale The auction sales that hay c teen held since hay e also passed off satisfactorily, though a somewhat e isier feeling has been prciulcut during the post fow days, and quotations aro scarcely BO Brui BB they w ore durhu, the first week of the se ison The quantity sold has been fully up to tbo al era"e about 15,000 bales hayhiL changed hands to date The prices realised lune not been equal to those xvhlch yyero current at the corresponding porlod of last y car, and yyo should estimate the reduction at about Id per lb This might hay e been autieip ited when tho unfay ourablo result of last y car s operations is taken into account At that time the buyers ueic Induced to purchase at hi3h rates, on the strength ui favourable adv leos from tho homo marl cts, and before their consignments could be realised prices declined consequently tho returns yi ere not satis! ictory The position now IB y cn Binular to that of I ist No\ ember, tho English news being faiourable, md the trade apparently In a satisfneton utatc Still there is a feeling that a possible reduction must not bo o\ cr looked, the extremo rates noy\ euri out in Lou ion being generally considered as exceptional, and scarcely likely to be m untamed when tho now clip becomes available When this is taken into con sidcration, It becomes ey Idcnt that the buy erd h i\ e been giving excellent prices , and we are Liad to note that the growers arc, in most casca, y\eil satisfied to realise at the rates yvhich are obtainable In tho colony, rather than incur the uneci talnty attendant on ship mont to a distant market Hie clip, so far as wo ha\e Been It, IB lu y cry good order, being strong and w eil jrroyvn Tho splendid season has cildentlj had a beneficial Lffcet on the wool, and tho yield per sheep yull no doubt bo o\er the average judging by the dllfcront Hooks wo hay o socu Molo thin usual attention has In the majority of Instances been paid to tho classlnu the lots bchii, carefully and liberally skirted SOIUL of the washed lots arc beautifully tot up, mid more free from dust than Is Scncrally the case, w hlch Is no doubt attributable to lie abundance of grass and horbage on most of tlio Mations. Tlio question of an allowance for draft has -leen tho subject of consideration between the bujers and sellers during tho I ast fortnight, and no definite arrangement has as vct been arrived it It will be remembered that lost season tho woolbrokors lu Molbouruo and Geelong, acting in accordance with tho wishes of a largo section of tho growers, agreed to soil without tho usual trade allow ance of one pound per hundredweight for draft The lnijcrs objected at that timo, hut their objections wero overruled, and snl03 without draft vvoro esta Wished Ibis season howcvei, thoy contend that tlic withdrawal of tho allowance for draft In tho colon) has operated prejudicially against them, as tho Loudon brokers continuo to make it, consequent]), w lieu their wools arc bold lu I undon, thoy have to submit to tho reduction riley arguo that when thoy first agreed to the alteration In this market It wa3 with the anticipation that asimilar concession was about to bo made In Londonr mid, finding that it has not been granted lhere, the) wish to return to the old 6) stem hero Both buyers and sellout liavo held meetings on tbo subject, and thoy appear equally determined not to yield the point, but In tho meantime a number of the growers havo recognised tho custom b) olfcring their clips with tho understanding that tho nllowaneo will be mado Thus tho question tests at present, and, pending a sattle ment, the auction sales liavo been postponed till next week, before vv hieb it Is to bo hoped n satisfactory ad justrccnt of tho dllllcultv will have been arrived at The shipments for tho Icbruary sales will, according to present appearances, bo equal to thoso of last year, which were unpreccdciitcdly large To this date 42,470 hales havo been cleared, in addition to which tho following Bhlps are loaded or nearly so, and aro expected to leave during the next few days, viz -Tlio Agamemnon, with about 5 GOO bales, Miltiades, about 7,700 bales, Hampshire, about 4,500 bales, and the Prince Oscar, w 1th about 6,*00 balea all for London There is thus ey cry probability of over 00,000 bules being forward in time to include m the series of sales referred to Tho Envoy and Maggie Leslie aro loadlnufor Boston and New York, »nd pur- chases haye a'-o been made for shipment to Amerlea, vii England Should the manufacturing interest in the United States recover from its present depression, doubtless the orders already received will bo largely supplemented, now that télégraphie communication is open Clearances during the month are -October 15-Wave of Life, Melbourne to London, 4,360 bales, October 10-Forenlngen, Melbourno to London, 8,149 bales , October l8-Supírb, Melbourne to London, 4,910 bales, October 28-Somersetshire, s s , Melbourne to London, 3,041 bales; Octobor 20-Gooree Thompson, Geelong to London, 0,887 bales, November 1 Duke of Athole, Melbourne to London, 3,069 bales , Noy ember 3-City of Cashmere, Melbourne to London, 4 OiObalcs, Novembers-Ranee, Geelong to London, about 0,500 bales, November 4-Macdim, Melbourno to London, about 6,700 bales,-total, 42,470 bales Prices current -Greasy-Inferior, 7d to Od , ordl nary to average 9{d- to lid , good to superior, Is to Is. 3d Fleece, washed- In'enor, Is 3d to Is. 6d , ordinary to iv crate, Is. Od to Is. 8d, average to tood, Is Od to Is lid , superior, 2s to 2s 6d Scoured-Inferior, Is 2d to la 4d , ordinary, Is (¡d. to Is 7d , middling to good, Is. 8d to l8 lOJd , superior, Is lid to 2s 2d Sheepskins.-Since the departure of last mail our re- gular sales haye been wall atU tided, a largo quantity of both station and dried skins having passed through tho stores \\\c haye a good demand at about into rates, but as the quality *f tho principal lots offermg is not up to tho ay erage, quotations arc slightly lower, viz -Butchers green skins 4s bd to 7s Od and superior up to 8s 6d each , station drlfd, 6d to8Jd per lb Pelts up tolo 3d each Hides -Tills mar itct has been fairly supplied for tho month, all sent forward being takon by ti o local tanners at the fol- lowing prices -Oxhides, 22s to 32s Gd each , cow ludes, 11B to 22s each wet salted, 4jd to 6W per lb , and calfskins, to 7Jd per lb Kangaroo Bkms are ycry difficult to dispose of, even at greatly reduced prices, auiLtho market is almost glutted Wo haye sold a few parcels at from 8d to lOd per lb Tallow -During tho month we have sold 720 casks of all descriptions at rather lower rates, our puncipal sales being for Bhlpmejit. Wo think tho market will remain stationarv for some time at the following prices -Mutton, £32 If" to £34, beef, £31 to £3210s., mixed, £30 to £32. Inferior, £20 to £30 per ton 1 ho clcarancca from this port are as follows -October lo, rorenmgen, 700 casks, Octobe1- l8, Superb, 3'3 casks, October 28, Somersetshire, 411 casks, Noy ember 1, Duke of Athole, 727 casks Novem bor 3, City of Cashmere, 65 casks,-total, 2.8J2 casks, l'rescrycd Meats.-The operations of the companies vthich contLiuc at work aro on a comparctii ely limited scale, the lurli price of stock having a prejudicial effect. Cona dcrablo disappointment has been folt at tho failure of the shipment of frozen moat per Nor folk, but it is evident that this has araren from clr cumstanccs which ought to hayo been provided for, and that it in no degico pro es that the process y\ 111 not bo successful vi hen proper appliances aro pro vldcd In the case of the Norfolk, the fell ure Is attributed to tho defectiye constructiou of tho tanks, and also to the meat s hay ins been too long Bul Jectcd to atmospheric influence before packing The process yyill, no doubt, again be tested, aud yvo Iiave little doubt the result will be satisfactory Tho .following shipments of preserved meats haye been .made durliiL the month -October 16, rorciiingcu, from Melbourne for London, 2,488 caseB October IS, Superb, from Melbourne /or London, 2,553 cases, Oc tobor 28, Somersetshire, from Melbourno for London, - 3,704cases, November 1, Duke of Atbolo, from Mel bourne for London, 2,415 cases, Novembor 3, City of Cashmere, from Melbourne to London, 233 casca, - Siles. Bales Cata- logued. Bales Sold. R. Goldsborough and Co... Hastings Cunlngham & Co. C. J. Dennys and Co. George Synnot »nd Co. .. Mellish, Vines, and Co. .. Buckland and Burnett .. Guthrie, Bullock, nnd Co. 3 2 2 1 1 Ï 12 13,605 0,090 4,200 1,702 352 238 101 27,008 0,005 4,040 1,207 323 133 110 78 14,035 Messrs, HVSTIXOB CUMNOIHM and Co. report: "Wool.-Since our last monthly Bummary largo quan- tities of the clip have reached town, nnd a brisk busi- ness has been done, the number of bales sold lu Mel- bourne to date showing a considerable excess over last season. The opening sale was held In Geelong on the 21st ult, when only a limited number of bales changed hands, and was Immediately followed In Melbourne. At four sales held sinco 22nd ult. cata- logues amounting to 20,000 baies have been submitted for competition and 13,000 bales sold. Sev cn sales w ero held In Geelong-0,000 bales catalogued, 1,890 hales sold. There were full attendances of bu)crs; com- petition well maintained throughout tlio sales, and although prices show- a declino upon the ruling rates at the opening sales last) ear, they may bo con- sidered very satisfactory. Quotations are for: Greasy-Inferior to medium, 8d to 10Jd , medium to good, lid to 13d , good to superior, lJJd tolSJd Scoured-Inferior to medium, 1 id to lOd , medium to good, 17d to 21d , good to superior, 22d to 20d riccco-Inferior to medium, 18d to 20d , medium to good, 20Jd to 23d good to superior, 23Jd to 27d. Freights aro obtainable at fid for greasy, and ^d per lb for washed The shipments since last report aro a9 follows -ror london, from Hobsons Ba)-Wavo of Life, 4,350 bales, cleared October 15 , Forciilngen, 3,149 bales, cleared October 10. Superb, 4,910 bales, cleared Octo her l8 , Somersetshire, 3,941 bales, cleared October 28, Duke of Athole, 3,010 bales, cleared Nov ember 1, Cit) of Cashmere, 4,970 bales, cleared November 3, from Gcciong-George Thompson, 5,887 bales, cleared October 29 , total, 30,223 bales , corresponding porlod 1872,44,050 bales, 1871,31,570balcs, 1870,9,910 bales, 1869,22 379 bales, 1808,29,733 bales, 1807,30,760 bales Tlio follow lug ia a list of ships now loading and pro bable quantities to be taken -trato, 6,000 bales, HolmEdalc, 6,000, Miltiades, 7,600, Jerusalem, 4,200, J M loflhua, D,000 City of Perth, 4,000, Agamemnon, 5,100 , Penthcsilea, 9,500 , Van Diemen, 4 fOO, Prince Oscar, 0,400, Zoroaster, 0,000, Mac duff, 6,700, Hampshire, 4,000 At Geelong aro load- ing Mcrmcrus 9,000, Raneo 6,000 Tho Envoy Is laid on tho berth for U S America. Sheepskins.-Wo havo no alteration to report in tills market during tho month, last quotations being fully main- tained Butchers' green skins sold at from 4s to 8s Gd each , dry station skins from 5d to 9d per lb Hides-Tills market has been stead), the local tanners bti)iiig all brought forward at firm pricog Ox hides brought from 24s to 33s each, cow hides IDs to 25s. each, calfskins from 6Jd to 7Jd per lb , salted hides from 4Jd to 6Jd per lb Thcro are no shipments to adviBc Tallow -The dulness lu sales of this article lately roported continues without signs of improvement Sales were confined to lots for local manufacture, bli) era for Bhlpmcnt hold mg back on account of extrema rates of freight to London We havo sold 200 casks since last sumniar), mutton fetching from £33 to £34 per ton , beef £30 to £32 per ton , mixed, £28 to £33 per ton The exports amount to 2,892 casks Freight rules at from GOs to 05s per ton Kangaroo Skins-lhere IB ter) little demand, and prices Bliow a downward tcndenc) this month Wo have sold 400 dozen at from 8íd to lid per lb Leather -At tho sales held since departure of last mail competition lins been w eil maintained, and quotations aro-for kip, from Is 9d to 2s 3d per lb , crop, lOJd to Hid Çer lb , dressed kangaroo, from 2s to 2s Gd per lb ho shipments of leather amount to 945 bales Messrs J II Ctoioii and Co report -" 1\ool - Slnco our l'cpoi t ¡J the mail steamor on the Oth ult, the wool market has opened °»t he[°"'H' «»mohea y salts by auction, four public salea flaying hoon held, at which 10,005 bales were catalogued alla sqljmlttcd to competition, and of which 13,045 bales ,liaVo changed hands, cither under the hammer, or by pn y ato contract subsequently lhere has been a good deal of spirit displayed in the biddings, and tho prices realised, though not up to tho opening rates of last season, hayo been satisfactory, and may bo quoted as follows -For greasy flocce- In fcrlor, Sd to 9d , medium, OJd to lOld , ay ont¿e to good, lid to 12¿d , superior, 13d to 15Jd ricccc, yvashed-Inferior, 14d to lOd , medium, 17d to 19d , average to kood, 20d to 22Jd , superior, 23d to 2B 3d Scoured and handwashed-Inferior, 13d to 15d , medium, lOd to 20d , good to superior, 21d to 2s Id Hie question of dnift on wool, which has aire uly been tho subject of much dismission In the London market, has been again agitated boro « ith out any mutually satisfactory determination haying as yetljccnarnicdat Lastscosoitattholnstancoofaeon sulcrablo number of largo and influential woolgrow era, who addressed a requisition to the selling woolbrokcrs on the matter, the allowance for draft was dono away with, the buyers acceding thereto under the lui pression tluita corresponding chango would hayo been effected In the London market This not haying been the case, they are desirous of rciertiug lo tlio old custom of hay ing the draft allowance made, natu-allv objecting to haying the loss of 1 per cent soddlcd upon them The cup this jeir la yyoil grown, and In good condition 1 rom the iuxuriant feed elnco last shearing, the v. ool yiill be found yciy sound ami healthy, though m eomo quarters tho burr proiails moro than in former j cars, and proportionately in festing the (leece Tlie shipments during the post month ha\e been-Oetobor 10, lorcnltigen, 3,110 bales »rule of Life, 4,850 bales , October l8, Superb, 6,0rJhiles, October 20, Somersetshire, 3,850 balos , Noy 1, Duke of Atholo, 3,000laics , total, 111 441 hiles Shcepsl ins -\\\ o havo had a fair supply forward at our iiBiial eales during tho month, prices ruling slikbtlj lower, most of the skins not being up to the avunto quality Our Eales baie been-lor butchers green skins, fs to 8s., dry skins, 2s to 7s Gd each , and station BkniB, OJd to 9d per lb Pelts aro now coming forward, mid sell at Gd to lid each Hides -Hiero has been an average suppl) forward, and all offering are lendlly taken up b) tho local tanners at tlio follow lug pneos y iz. -For green ox hldos, 25s to34s , cow, Ida to23s each, wet salted, 4Jd to 5Jd , and calfskins, OJd to 7Jd per lb Tallow -Tho market during the month has not shown much activity, and prices show a slight declino freight Is no» 00a Wo have disposed of 330 casks nt tho following prlcos, v iz. -Inferior, £20 to £29 , mixed, £30 to £32 , beef, i.3110s to £32 10B and mutton, £33 to £34 per ton Leather -Tho trado Btdl remains dull, and until tho strikes discontinue, is likely to remain so as tlio fac tories arc not In full work at present Wo hav o held our usual sales, and havo disposed of an averago Biippl) at tho follow mg ] rices viz -ror crop, lOd to HJd , kip, lOd to 2s , calf ¿8 Id to 4s., i axed kanguroo, 2s. to 2s. Gd , brown kangaroo, Is. lOd to 2s -ti , wallah), 2s Gd to 3s. 3d , harness, 13d to ll)d , and runners 2s. 2d to 2s. Gd per lb basils, 5s to 10s por dozen Kangaroo Skins -During tho month wo have sold about 800 dozen, prices however, aro ruing lower Our sales have beon-For small sizes, Gd to 7d , medium, Sd to Od , and large sizes. Uki to 12d per lb Mimosa Bark.-We have sold ground in bags at £6 to £6 CB., and bundled, at £3 10s to £315s. per ton ' MONTHLY SHIPPING AND TREIGnT REPORT Mr S. vr Urn reports -"During the curroncy of tho month which has intcrv ened slnco my last circular advices of 0th ult was Issued, tho period referred to has been conspicuous for tho very largo quantity of wool received from the interior, which is ovidonced by there having been no less than 30,833 bales of wool despatched, as against 6,454 belles during tho pre- ceding month, and notwithstanding the large amount of tonnage on the berth, and available for receipt of cargo, freights have been firmly maintained Th° departures during the rrall menth amount to eight ships, comprised In the Wave ol Life, EE8 tons, Foro nlpgen, 1,061, Superb, 1,451, Somersetshire (es), 2,342, George Thompson, 1,127 ,Duke of Athole, 903 , Ranee, 1,264, City of Cashmere, 979 their clear anees show ing a total, as ahoy c referred to, of 36,833 bales wool, besides considerable quantities of other general produce The following ships arc on the eve of leaving, having almost completed loading - Agamemnon, 1,430 tons, Hampshire, 1,104 , Macehiff, 1,130, Mermcrus, 1,671; Prince Oscar, 1,292, ami MiUI-de«, 1,462, and leaving the berth oocnpl.d by 17,609 tons register, represented by the following magnificent ships, viz. -Erato, 1,200 tong , Holms dale, 1,267, J M Joshua, 1,14a, Jerusalem, 901, Juliet, 1,243, PcnthcsUca, 1,668, Renown, 1,292, barn Mendel, 1,033, Yan Diemen, 1,050 ; Zoroaster, 1,138, Kosciusko, 1,192, Haddon Hall, 1,410 Asia, 2,054, and Highflyer, 1,011; in addi tlon to which there aro tho Envoy, 589, and MaggJo Leslie, 430 tons, loading lor Boston and New York (US) As stated above, freights for pro- duce to London have beon well maintained, mid with exception of that In connexion with tallow, scarcely any alteration requires to be referred to, present quo tattons being-Wool, scoured, OJd per lb , greasy, OJd. per lb, leather, 70s to 75a, tallow, Cos. to 05s per ton of 20cwt, cased meats, 45s to 60s per 40 cubic feet, while for Boston and New "iork, OJd per lb far wool, scoured and greasy all round, is tho figuro required for the ships now on the berth for these ports Tile supply of tonnage for general employment during tho month has been considerably over theaavcrato of late, still rat-S of freight have been well maintained, and for tbo conveyance of coals from Newcastle (Now South Wales) to tho varlouB ports in China, the de maud for tonnat,e has increased, fresh orders for ship nient having recently been received From tho latest advices as to tho result of tho approaching wheat harvest m South Aastralta being of a somewhat dis couratlng nature, it Is posslblo that tho favourable anticipations recorded in last circular as to the amount of tonnage required for convo) ance of tlic surplus to England, to bo drawn from this, may bo fully realised , hut notwithstanding, a largo amount of our available iounogc will be called for to load at Adelaide, while nt tho same time freight engage incuts for at y superfluous tonnage arc available at remuneratlv e rates, to load homo from the rico ports, mid with guano from Malden Island -ho Hawarden Castle, 1,101 tons, and Bedfordshire, 1,155, have cleared with full louis of horses for Calcutta, vU Madras, tho former having on board 110, and the latter, ISO head, the berth for Calcutta direct being at present occupied by the ship Antiope. I or Haunt UB tlio uritian oarque jurniiy nas mi with a cargo of animal ni mure, und yvlth a Bimilar cargo, for same destination, the Ireneh barque St Mare, 2í}¿ tors, and British barque Oriental, are no» engaged loading Tile Auic ricau ship Gomo Cock has left in ballast for Hong Kong, and for same port tho Matilda Athehng has just been despatched with a full compl«nient of Chinese passengers Thn following engagements com- prise the chartering opoirtious of the month viz - Shannon, 295 tona coal, Ncyvcastle to Calcutta, and back to Melbourne or Sydney, 05s for tho round, Mocq Bailly, Newcastle to Hont Kong, and from FormoBa or the Ihllippines to this port, nt terms withheld , British barque Kedar, 632, from a port in Java to Melbourne 40s , Envoy (American;, hence to Boston or New v ork, with wool, on terms kept prl vato, British barques Dunu-ore, 439 and Echo, 309, Malden Island to Hamburgh, 70s per ton, Antiope, 1,442, hence to Calcutta with horses, £1,000, colonial barquo Georgina, 815, coals, Sydney to Saltón, 32s (K1 , American slut, Mcinnon, 819, Newcastle to Hong Kong, 30s., and for Batnc destination, the Danish barque Fycn, 312, 31s There Is little improvement noticeable in rates of fxchrht for coals loading at New cast'c for foreign ports, prese it quotations being, for Hong Kong, 30s, Shanghai, 35s , Manila, dis, Java, 25s, Galle, 20s., Bombay, 36s , bau Francisco, 25s , tho general ten dency being upwards As indicative of tho abun dance of produce now avnijablc for shipment from this port, especially that of wool, It Ia worthy of re mark liiat too sliips(American), viz , the Emoj, 689, and Isadflvyiska, 611, have recently arrived from Buenos Ayres, in ballast, one of yvhich vías immediately taken up on "vrrjval tor yyool to Boston or New 1 ork, the other having been chartered afloat to load either at Ulis or an outport for samo destina tion lhere Ia very little chant,e In the intereolonlii business, the only exception being the coal trade from Newcastle to this and the various ports of Neyv Zealand lreights have considerably declined, yvhich is usual at this season, but we may shortly anticipate a demand for tonnage for tho convey aiiee of coal to the various stations in the South Pacific on the new San Francisco steam, route For im estaient in shipping a fair demand continues, and the sales comprise the Llderslie, 215 tons, built at Peterhead InlbflS then classed Al for eight j ears, £2 750, Star of the Mersey, 254, built at Sunderland in 18UJ, classed in Lloyds m 1807 for nine years, £2,800, I Sarah, 283 tons, built in Sunderland In 1S63, then classed Al for 10 years £1 375 ' Messrs ALIRM) WOOLLEV and Co report -" Our last advices reached to the 9th ult In tlio interi al a large number of v essels hay c come into port, but busi- ness, notwithstanding the influx of shipping, has not been particularly brisk, the transactions, is will be observed, being neither numerous nor important. Coal freights have Blight!) improved for Chinóse ports, and for the other ports named herein rates i eniain the same as before, and would readily bo pud, but as thoy arc not considered to be veiv tempting shipmasters hesitate doing business, w Inch accounts for the unusual number of disengaged vessels remaining unflxod at present 1 or London, the clearances comprise the vVavc of Life, Torenlngen, Superb, s s Somersetshire, Duko of Athol, and City of Cashmere, from Mel bourne, and George Thompson and Ranee, from Geelong, taking in the aggregate 37,000 bales wool On the berth there is left tonnage sufficient to carr) 120,000 halos, which, however, will bo re- duced in another ten days hythe doparturo of the Macduff, Miltiades, Jerusalem, Agamemnon, Holms dale, Juliet, Prince oscar, and Mérmenla, with about 47,000 bales Durinc, tho last iortnlc,ht the loading of wool has been carried on with tno utmost rapidit), and all the ships Intended for the February sales havo completed engagements at £d to la per lb, hut it now becomes questionable if these rates will be sustained after tho rush is over For Boston and New York the Em oy and Moggio Leslie arc adv ertiscd to load wool for tno respective ports named For Cal cutta-the Loch Lomond and Rose M left in ballast, the Bedfordshire with 180 horses, sailed via Madras, and tho Shannon vid Newcastle Tho Antiope has been chartered to follow w ith a full cargo of horses Tor Hong Kong-The Matilda Athehng sailed with a full complement of Chinese passengers Tlio Mcmuoti and Fly nig Eagle have accepted coal charters For Shanghai-Ships aro in request to load both at S)dncy and Newcastle For San Francisco-The low rates latterly ruling uo not offer sufficient Inducement for ships to proceed ¡n that direction For Malden Island-The Echo and Dunmore were engaged to load guano there for Hamburg, at fair rates of freight. Charters reported are as follow -Roso M , 800 tons, Calcutta to Dunedin, 80s. per ton, Shannon, 295 tons, Newcastle to Calcutta and back, 95s per ton; Antiope, 1,443 toiiB, Melbourno to Calcutta, £1,000, ship Unding water Envo), 589 tons, Melbourno to America or London, private Kcdar, 632 tons, Sournb_)a to Melbourne, 40s per ton, Memnon, 849 tons Newcastle to Hong Kong, 80s. per ton, Hy mg Lagle, 1,004 tons, Newcastle to Hong Kong, 30s per ton Georgiana, 316 tons, Sydney to Saigou, 32s Gd per ton, bebo, 369 tons, Malden Island to Hamburg, 75s per ton, Dunmore, 43.) tons, Milden Island to Hamburg, GSs Gd per ton Freight Quota- tions -Melbourne to Loudon-Wool, gd. and 3d per lb , tallow, 058 per ton, leather, 70s per ton, meats, 60s per ton, bark, O0s per ton faydne) to Shanghai, 32s Gd per ton, Hong Kong, 21s per ton New castle to .Shanghai, 37s per ton , Hong Kong, 30s lier ton, Singapore, 303 per ton , Manilla, 30s per ton, Jay a, 24s per ton , Mauritius, 303 per ton , Bomba), 3Gs per ton, Calcutta, 24s per ton , San Francisco, 25s per ton Formosa, or Manilla, to the colonies, 40s poi ton Newcastle to Mauritius and back, 60s per ton," *iALES Or PROPERTY. Messrs GiuHELL, TUCKI TT, and Co report the following recent sales of property -Allotment 17, seo, Melbourne, having GCft to Bourke street, by depth through to Little Collins street of 312ft with Lincoln s mu chambers and other buildings thereon, £12,000 Dight's flour mills, corner QueenB berry and Leicester streets, land 132 N 165ft, £7,500 Allotment, sec 1, Melboui ne, hay h g 00ft to Albert street, by 165ft deep, w Ith iron buildings thereon, £2,211 Allotment comer Grattan and Berkeley streets, Hotham, 46ft 2in by 132ft, £774 Allot- ment on Esplanade, St Kilda, having 129ft. Oin frontage, £12 per foot, £1,557 Allotment luv lug 123ft. to Packfngton Btrcet, St Kilda, £5 per foot, £010 Allotment on Esplanado, having 53ft Jin frontage, £10 10a per foot Allotment having 70ft to Acland street, £10 per foot Allotment in Funden) street, hal lug 26ft frontago by 90ft deep, with old buildings thereon, £2,000 Auburn y illa Auburn road, Hau thorn, with thrco acres land, £1,720 Three acres of land in Auburn road, £134 per acre 297 ncrcs of land at Dromana, £400 Allotments in Mannlngvlllc road, Hawthorn, from 26s to 30s per foot About 21 acres of lauiLat Merri Creek, fronting Nicholson street, £110 Allotments 3 and 4, sec 7, Llsternwlck, £100 per acre Messrs C J aiidT HVM report having effected tho folloyviug sales curing the month of city and suburban property -Bourke street east, 18ft Oin x 82ft, v\ ith two story brick Bhop thereon, £2,760, Commercial road, Prahran, 284ft. x 140ft, with 84ft to Surrey street by a depth of l8'ft., £1,110, Riversdale roid, Hawthorn, 34a. 3r 8p , at £120 per aero, £4,191, Commercial road, Prahran, 134ft. x 147ft, £458 Richmond-Lennox street south, 132ft x 114ft, at C6 per foot, £792, Rowena parado, 43ft \ 207ft, with brick cottago, £540, 37ft 8in to Rowena parado by a dopth of 107ft, with brick cottage, £700, Lennox street, 5Sft x 56ft, at £6 per foot, Rowella parade, 62ft Bin x 135ft, w Ith brick cottago, £710, Rowena parado, 20ft 41n x 135ft., with brick cottage, £485, Lennox street, 83ft x 04ft, £160 l63 East bt Kilda- Chapel Btrcot, brick cottago with about half au aero of land, £804 Albort-aticct, GCft x 105ft, opposito I'arllniuont reseño, £2,201 St Kilda -Chapel street, land 828ft x 615ft, dwelling thereon £1,276 Hayvthom - Brook and Muir streets, 11 allotments of land, £1,274 13s Gd Kew- Bulleen road, 60ft x 92ft, bnck cottago, £248 Boroondara-2 roods of land, £16316s , do , la 23p , £358 16B St. Kilda-Charlotte place, land, 50ft x 121ft, £112 North Richmond-Littlo riizabcth strcct, land, 25ft x Wft 31n , w catherboard cottage, £67 Carlton-Palmerston stroot, (land 33ft x 132it, and two brick cottages, £S75 Molbourno-Stophon Btrcet, land 20ft x 06ft, two story brick house, £760 MELBOURNE MARKETS. SATUHDAY, NOV. 1. THE MILLS. Business throughout tho week has been very quiet, mid transactions have been limited to tlio supply of Im- mediate wants. Quotations aro as follow :-Flour, £14 6s. to £14 10s. (bags back) ; pollard, Is. 4d. to Is. Od.; bran, la 5d.; pearl barley, £32 ; oatmeal, £31 to £32. RETAIL MARKETS. Butchers' meat and poultry aro finn ; but eggs and butter aro well supplied at the late reduced ratos. The following aro tho ruling prices :-Beef, 4d. to Sd. per lb.; pork, 7d. to Kid. do.; mutton, 3d. to Gd. do. Poultry.-Fowls, 6a. to Oa. Gd. per pair ; geese, 10s. to 14s. do. ; ducks, 6s. Gd. to 7s. do. ; turkeys, 10B. to 22s. do. Dalry Produce.-Cheese, lOd. to Is. Gd. per lb. ; eggs, la. to li. 3d. per dozen ; butter, 6u. to le. per Jb. ; bread, 7d. per 41b. loaf ; milk, Cd per quart, hams, Is. 2d to Is. 4d per lb , bacon, Is Id to Is .d do WOOD \ND COAL. The fuel market continues without change, the ruling pnces still closing as follow - Coal, 3Ss to 40s. per ton, 2s. 3d to 2s Gd per cwt , wood, 1 foot billets, 12s to 12s. Gd per ton of 40 cubic feet, do , retail, Is. 2d to Is. 3d per cwt , charcoal, 2s. to 8s. per bag of three bushels, coke, 38s. to 40s per ton HAY MARKET Mr Jys FKXTON report« -"Business continues vtryjull, tho principal Inquiry being for really first class or new hay The ruling prices aro -Old hay, £4 to £616s. now, trussed, £4 to £5 do bundled, £216s. to £3 10s., straw, £2 10s. to £3 EASTERN MARKET The supply of vegetable products brought forward to market tlusraorning yvas short of the requirements. An early clearance yvas effected,atan advance on last Saturday s prices In f raits, Btrawbcmos weroplcnti ful and cheap, there were a fow samples of cherries, but barely ripe In dairy produce, butter of prime quality was short supplied Iggs same as last week Poultry and pigs y\ere equal to the demand The following pnces ruled -Vegetables-Asparagus, 6d to 2s. i er 100 , beans, broad, IA to Id per lb bou Suets, JB to Os per dozen , cabbages, Gd to l8 Oil o , carrots, Gd to 9d per dozen bunches, cauli flowors, 9d to Js per do/on, celery, Is. to 2s Gd per dozen , cress curled, Gd per dozen bunches do, water, 4d. to Gd do . cucumbers, prickly, 2s Gd to 4s per brace , garlic Gd per lb , horseradish, Is to 9s per dozeu bunches, lettuce Gd tola perdonen marjoram 0 I pr dozen bunches, mint, 4d_ to Gd do onions, dried 10s to 16s per cw v, do , green, Od to 9d per dozen bunches, parsley, öd. toOd. do , par snips,!)d to Is ßd do , peas Id to ljd por lb , pota toes, 2s Gd toJs Gd per cwt, do . new, C3 to 8s do , radishes, 4d to Gd perdozonbunches,rhubarb, 9d to 2s do , sage, Gd. do , savoys, Gd to la per dozen , shallots, Cd per lb spinach Id to lad do , thyme, Gd per dozen bunches, turnips, 4d to 9d do Fmits - Cherncs, Is to Is Gd per lb , green goosebemes, 3d. to 4Jd per quart, loquats 01 to Od per lb strawberries, Gd to la. do Dairy Pro- duce -Butter, Gd to 9d por lb , cheese, Gd to SJ. do , ducliB, 6B to 6s per pair , eggs, lOd to Is. fier dozen , hens, ia to 6s per pair, lionej, 6d per b , pigeon«, 2s to 3s per pair, pork, Gd to 7d per lb , rabbits, 2s. to 4s per pair, sucking pigs, 9s to 12s each , turkeys, 10s to 20a. per pair, hams, lOd to Is. per lb , bacon, 8d to lOd do SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AnnivAts AND CLKARANCBS sisee OUR LABT SOHMAIIT. [B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., .Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; I., Italian ; N. Norwegian ; G. Gor ,man ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Bclg., Belgian ; lt., Russian ; s.,ship; b., barque; hr., brig; se, schooner; s.S.,steamer.) Oct. ARRlVED. 10\. Coorong, B.b., P. Slater, Batavia. - Fanning, Nankivell, una Co. IL City of Tcrth, B.B., 1.188, A. Becket, London. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 12\. Flodden, B.b., 237, H. Batt, Mauritius.-Joshua Brother!. 12\. Kosciusko, B. s., J. Lawson, London,-Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. 13\. Pak-Wan, B.8., 705, M. Upton, London.-J. H. Wbltojand Co. 13\. Flying Eagle, A. 8., 1,004, W. S. OrowclL-Stuart, Couche and Co. 13\. Fycn, D. b., 317, J. Cospersen, Foo-chow-foo_ W. Peterson and Co. 16\. Onward, B. a, GOG, D. Stimson, Hong Kong_ L. Kong Hong and Co. 16\. Envoy, A. h., 680, J. D. Berry, Buenos Ayres. Osborn, dishing, and Co. 17\. Bella Gaditana, S. s., 760, A. G. Brobeck, Ljiisno. -O. Tondeur and Co. 17\. E. M. Young, B. b., 315, R. M'Michcn, Foo-chow foo.-Lange and Thoneman. 17\. Georgina, B. b., 316, Wm. Dalgleish, Foo-chow foo.-Charles Watson. 27\. Charlotte, S. b., 428, F. L. Hakansson, Ho Ho_ Victorian Sugar Company. 20\. Baroda, R.M.S., J. C. Almond, Galle. - F. R. Kendall. 22\. Albert Victor, B. b.,3S4, N. MT-iuchlan, Hollo. -Victoria Sugar Company, 22\. Oriental, B. b., 280, Albert Jarvis, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 23\. Fleur do Mcurlce, B. U, 333, Mat. Galllehaw, Batavia.-Rolfe and Co. 25\. Jessie M'Donald, B. se., 376, Wm. Sivewright, Foo-chow-foo.-R. Tiventyraan and Co. 25\. T. W. Lucas, A. s., 307, T. Merril, San Francisco. -J. B. Swascy and Co. 20\. Earl of Southesk, B. b., 330, J. Laird, Mauritius. -J. Henty and Co. 26\. Dover Court, B. b., 480, J. O, Monroe, Batavia. Master. 27\. Ashburton, B. b., 606, C. Smith, Rangoon.-Cap- tain Smith. 27\. Lunan, B. br., 201, Wm. Whitton, Foo-chow. Gricc, Sumner, and Co. 27\. Thomas Bell, B. s., 838, P. Donnan, London. Bnght Brothers and Co. 28\. August, G. br., 274, P. Rois, Foo-ohow-foo. Lorimer, Mnryvood, and Romo, 2a St Mare, F. b., 202, P. Joyaux, Mauritius. Joshua Brothers. 28\. Asia, B. B., 2,054, Wm. Cumming, London.-Mac farlau, Blyth, and Co. 28\. Eurynome, B. s., 1,163, W. Watson, Liverpool. Geo. Martin and Co. 30\. Maury, N. b. 578, J. Somme, Sundsyvall.-Dalgoty, Blackwood, and Co. 31\. Highflyer, B. B., 1,011, Henry Berridge, London. J. H. White and Co. 31\. Brilliant, B. b., 303, Chas. Newman, Hong; Kong. -L. Kong Meng and Co. 31\. Sompltonial, F. b., 278. Ambrose Maurln, Mauri- tius.- F. W. Prell and Co, 31\. Syringa, B. b., 379, B. W. Hick, Mauritius.-Fan- ning, Nankivell, and Co. 31\. Bengal, B. b., 323, J. F. Hummel, Manilla,-Vic- toria Sugar Company. Nov. 1\. Wakefield, A. b,, 860, Charles Carvor, Boston. Newell and Co. 1\. Legal Tender, A.b., 210, E. A. Nickels, San Fran- cisco vii Humboldt Bay.-J. B. Swoscy and Co. 1\. Chance, G. b., 315, Otto Ulrich, Foo-chow-foo. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 3\. Victoria, B. s.S., 1,000, Frank Moore, Batavia. W. P. Whlto and Co. 3\. Rachel, B. b., 282, iVm. Firth, Foo-ehow.-F. W. Prell and Co. Oct. CLEARED OUT. 10\. Clilua, 2,010, C. G. Perrins, Gallo, via King Gcorgo's Sound.-F. R. Kendall. 10\. Loch Lomond, B. s,, 1,200, C. Groy, Calcutta. Holmes, White, and Co. 14\. Emily, B. br., 290, G. Graves, Mauritius.-Joshua Bros. 16\. Wave of Life, B. s., 887, J. Watt, London.-Dal- gety, Blackwood, and Co. 15\. Kcdar, B. b., -632, C. Bartley, Guam.-W. C. Willimott. l8. Forcnlngcn, 8. s., 1,001, B, Fahlman, London. Maciarlan, Blyth, and Co. IS. Superb, B.s., 1,451, E. Jones, London.-J. H. White and Co. 20\. Rose M., B. b., 300, F. Dennis, Calcutta.-Lange and Thonenian. 23\. Matilda Athcllng, B. s., 670, W. J. Whereat; Hong Kong.-Blackham and Compton. 23\. Dunmore, B. b., 439, R, Woolgar, Malden Island. -W. C. Willimott. 25\. Bedfordshire, B. s., 1,155, A. Williams, Calcutta viil Madras.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. 25\. Echo, B. br., 809, G. W. Tozer, for Malden Island.-C. J. Perry. 28\. Somersetshire, B.B.S., 1,593, J. S. Atwood, London. -W. P. White and Co. 30\. Fycn, D.h., 311, J. Casperscn, Guam, via New- castle,-W. Peterson and Co. Nov. 1\. Duke of Athole, B.s., 064, D. Peebles, London. Macfarlan, Blyth, and Co. 3\. City of Cashmere, B. B., 079, T. Bryce, London. VIrgoc, Son, and Co. 4\. Prince Oscar, B. s., 1,292, T. Y. Powles, London. Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome. SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE OCT 10 China, R.M S S , Point do Calle -1 caso toys, 6 packages liaints, 1 quarter cask rum, 1 hhd 3 casks 27 cases wine, 68 casks potatoes, 125 bags floui, 1 case apples, 3 cases seeds, 45 cases jam, 30 barróla tallow, 14G cases meats, G tierces beef. S cases biscuits, 0 cases butter, 1 case beeswax, 2 casos plants, 1 caso provl sions, 1 case specimens natural history, \ case pictures, 1 bale newspapers, 1 case deeds, 1 case drapery, 1 case documents, 1 ca.se bookB OCT 14 Emily, for Mauritius.-302 casks sulphate of am moma, 6,398 bags animal guano OCT 16 Wave of Life, for London-1,350 bales wool, 202 incots spelter OCT 10 roreinngen, for London -3,119 bales wool, 77 balos leather, 7GG casks tallow, 34 b iles basils, 5 bales spices, 2,188 cases preserved meats, 2 cases swan skins, 24 bales scrolls, 05 bags rags, 112 bales sheepskins OCT l8 Superb, foi London -5,053 bales wool, 600 bales leather, 27 bales basils, 27 bales shccpskuis, 55 bales fibre, 20 bales cloth clippings, 12 bales gluo plecos, 2 bales pelts, 1 bale rabbit-skins, 705 casks tallow, 6S casks tallow oil, 13 casks beeswax, 7 casks auriferous earth, 4 quarter casks wine, 2,600 cases preserved meats 1 ease plummer blocks, 2 cases ingots copper, 7 eases merchandise, 1 case picture, 7 cases wine, 5 cases auriferous copper, 1 c) hilder, 70 blocks anti mony, 1,190 cakes copper, 490 ingots copper, 423 bags lead ore, 120 pigs lead, 178 share plates, 40,000 horns, 33 tons shank bones, 9 toiiB hoofs OCT 20 Rose M, for Calcutta.-201 tons coal, 40 coses hams. OCT. 23. Matilda Athcling, for Hong Kong -50 tons broken glass, 60bags oats, 8 packages (a gravestone). OCT. 25. Bcdfordshiro, for Calcutta, vii Madras -2 packages containing a boiler and condensor, 2 cases jam, 2,500 bushels bran, 80 tons hay, 20 tons chaff, GO empty tanks, 180 horses. OCT. 28 Somersetshire, for London-3,850 bales wool, 132 bales leather, 419 casks tailovv, 3,724 casis preserved meats, 2 cases gum, 33 bundles 39 casks skins. 1 hhd 10 quarter casks GO cases wine, i cases birds, 30 packages sausage skins, 80 bundies basils, 162 kegs butter, 3G casks antimony, 269 ingots tin, 20 casks black sand, 599 slabs tin, 70 bundles metal, 17 pack- ages plants, 40 packages sundries. OCT SO. F)cn, for Guam, vin Now castle-71 cases wine Nov. 1. Duke of Athole, for London.-8 cases books, 2 troc ferns, 1 ton 1,527 bags lead oro, 10 casks pearl sholls, 225 bags wheat, 11 b_les basils, 270 Ingots spoltci, 21 hales rags, 10 tons horns, 78 tons chopped bark, 5 bales woollen cuttings, S3 bales sheepskins, 2,415 packaccs preserved meats, 158 pipes 6G9 casks tallow, 61 bales basilB, 1 casclurs, 8,000 bales wool. Nov. 8. City of Cashmcro, for London.-4,070 bales wool, 233 cases preserved meats 164 bales leather, 61 hales sheepskins, 16 bales scrolls, C5 casks tallow, a quan tit) of horns and hoofs, 3 cases tortoiscshclls, 10 cases pearl shells, 4 packages sundries, 201 bars Iron, 190 bales cotton. Nov. 4. Princo Oscar, for London.-0,028 bales wool, 1,200 cases preserved meats, 497 casks tallow, 80 bales leather, 22 tone bones, 24,000 horns. PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE- PARTURE OF THE LAST MAIL. OCT. 10. Cliina, R M.S.S, for Galle, vl.l Klug George's Sound. Passengers - cabin :-For King George's Sound-Mr. Jacobs. For Bombay-4Ir. G. Fitzgerald, Mr. C Williams, Madame Arabella Goddard and ser- vant, Mr. and Mrs. Smvtho, Slgnor Siisini, Mr. F. L. O-'Callsg'han, Col. and Miss M'Gregor. For Brindisl Mr. and Mrs. r. S. Lang, Very Rev. Dean Moora, Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Mr. A. J. White, Mr. ' 0. .Bennett For Venice-Mrs. W. Morrin, Mr. 8. Morrin, Mr. .Beckwith Smith, Mr. and Mrs, Rensamen, child, and Infant. For Southampton-Mr. E. R» Norman, Mr. and Mrs Gill, Mrs. Carglll and infant, Mrs. C. Johnstone and Infant, Mrs. Berg, and Infant OCT. 16. "Wave of Life, for London. PasssengerB-cabin : Mrs. J. Erskine, Miss Maggie Erskine, and Captain Duff. OCT. 28. Somersetshire, for London. Passengers-cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Campbell, Infant, and servant ; Miss Helen Campbell, Misa Florence Campbell, Mrs.. Couche, infant, and acrvant; Misa Couche, Mrs. D. W. Lockhart, Mrs. Messenger, Mrs. F. Rodway, Mrs. Prrtchard, ¿lisses Pritchard (two), Mr. T. K. Grieves, Miss Mary Grieves, Miss Jane Grieves, Miss Florence Grieves, Masters Herbert and Walter Grietes and servant; Mrs. J. S. Atwood, Miss Atyvood, Dr. Horsford, Messrs. Jno. Bishop, T. W. Thomas, C. C. Williamson, li. Frazer, P. R. Freer, J. E. Parker, F. Robertson, Jno. Duerdin,- Captain T. It Mouat, Captain H. Batchelor; and 108 in the second and third cabins. GOLD SHIP THAT HAS SAILED. Tlie following is the only ship taking gold which hag sailed from this port Bluce the publication of our last Summary, together with the quantity and des- tination :- ' Date of Sailing. Sldp. Destination. Ounces. Oct. 10 Chilla ., Gallo .. ..1 97,650 The total amount of gold exported from tho colony Since the begmnlng of the year 1873 is l,048,037oz., of which 102,2o0oz. was transhipped from New Zea- land. During the )car 1872 tho entire quantity ex- ported was l,098,608oz., and of this total 182,B91o_. was from New Zealand. STOCK AND SHARE LIST. TOE8DAT, NOV. 4. Amount of Loan. DEBENTtJB.ES. Closing Prices. £ £ 1000000 Viet. Gov. Rlvvy. pocal), 6 per cent. 115} 300000 Viet. Government (local), 6 per cent. 109 100000 Melbourne Corporation, 0 per cent, 112 10000 Ballarat Water, 8 per cent».. Ballarat Municipal, 6} per cent. .. - - Collingwood Gas, 0 per cent. 50000 Melbourne Gas, 7 per cent - 80300 Melb. & H. B. United, 8 per cent. 135400 - 163300 Ill 100000 20000 Nelson (N.Z ) Oov., 8 per cent. - B7290O0 (Tew South Wales, 6 per cent. ., 108. 609780 5C0O0O New Zealand, 4 per cent. ,, .. 92. 600000 Queensland, 4 per cent .. ,. 93. Last 1 § j POBHO COMPANIES. div. percent Closing Prices. s & I s per annum. £ T £ HANKS. 1 £ 560O0 1 10 10 6 Bal. Bankg. (Limit) 1 Do., newissuo .. 10 437500 10 c IJ Colonial of Austral; "i ' 8 220000 10 4 Commercial of Aus- ! tralia (Limited).. 8 61 100000 10 2Melb. Bank Carpo. ration (Limited).. 1 - - 600000 c 4 National of Austral. 10 n 1000000 20 2 ONcyv South Wales.. 12* 40 500000 z% fi ( Victorla(McI.rcg.) 0 \ Do. (London reg.] }10 60 600000 10 ! Land Mortgago 10 583.-59S. 600000 10 1 ) New Zealand 121 17} 1250000 25 2 i Union - .. ,. 13 4» 1200000 40 4 ) Australasia .. 10 ÎOOOOOO 20 2 0 London Chartered 1 of Australasia .. S - (MB COMPANIES. 30000 10 7 Ballarat 12 11-11} 24008 6 i Bendigo ., 10 7i 14990 6 ¡Castlemaine 5 76000 5 5 Collin'w'd & Fitzroy io* 9J 2980 10 ß Daylesford(Limiteii) 12} 24430 6 1 Geelong .. 10 1} ( B 5) ( 8 31-3} 210000 1 6 > } Melbourno i 8 4 (101 >J I 8 IS8UHAXCE. 125000 C 2 Austral. Fire & Mar. Australasian Life .. 10 25000 sr IO - 40000 5 Australian Alliance. 10« 48s. 10250 \- i National Fire Insur. 8 3s. Gd. ÎOOOOO 5 1 Southern Insurance 7i 103. 40000 50 1 Victoria Life &Gon.; 10« 3-3} 106000 60 2£ Victoria Fire & Mar. MISCMiLANKOUS. 8 80-31 17876 10 11 Gipps Lnd. StcamN. 8 - 37500 10 ,7 Marítimo & General i Credit Co. (Limit.) 12} - 38460 \- f Mclb. Meat-Presrvg. 10 3 12333 50 50 Melbourne Exch'nge 6 17 12000 Il 1 Studley Park Bridge G 7000 20 20iVictorfan leo I nAItWATB. 12} 22 634700 50 60Melb.4.IIob.BayUd. 0 1 60-62 * And bonus. 