The Queenslander. SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1873. AFTER many delays, Parliament is in- <*> vited, by proclamation, to assemble for the transaction of business on Wednesday, May 28. In noticing the event, the Courier throws out an insinuation that the delay has arisen from the desire of the Ministry to complete their third year in office, and to qualify each of them for the title of "Honorable"—an honor which comes, by right, to all Ministers who have held office for three years. The existing Honorables are Messrs. Lilley, Macalister, and Pring. The session must be short, for the ano malous position of the Assembly necessitates an early dissolution. The Electoral Districts Act has left Members with half or frac tional constituencies, ami constituencies without member?, and a full House still sitting, piwrits complications for whidi !v> ; r.vM.'iit rjn be fouml iu English consti tutional history. Australia has furnished many novelties, but none greater than the ! Parliamentary condition of the Queensland | Assembly at the present time. Its mem bers are the ghosts of past representatives. The life which gave them vitality is no more. Their constituencies doa't exist; and except to vacate their places for the entrance of real and rightfully-elected suc cessors, they have not more than a titular claim to their seats. Some few matters of business—almost of routine—they may per force be compelled to transact, but beyond that their own self-respect should tell them they ought not to go. Members who have neglected to consult their constituents have neglected too long. When the candi dates for election come before the new con stituencies we may expect tbat those who have sat for the old ones will be full and explicit as to their views, their connec tions, and their proposed plans. Until then we could feel little real interest in anything they said. The past we know. What the future as to the coming session should be we also know. Beyond those two limits the promises of members would have no validity, their assurances little value; our reversionary interest in the contingent performances of gentlemen who might never be in a position to do anything would be of the slightest possible kind. Apart from the pleasure of hearing a clever speech by whosoever was able to make one, it would not be worth while walking twenty yards to hear wh»t they had to say. There is a standing promise from the leaders of the two parliamentary parties, which, whate'er be set aside, must come early before the next Parliament, or there will be much public dissatis faction. We refer to the Education question—one of the most important for the consideration of Parliament, and which we hope to see occupying a prominent place in the Opening Speech. The National System has now reached a stage from which a decided advance must be made, or it will lose that high position which it occupies in public estimation. The system is also threatened at several points, particularly by the encroachments of the Denominational schools, which, in the opinion of many persons, must now be unconditionally incorporated with the National schools, or cease to be fos tered to the injury of the schools which are open to all. The position of the Grammar schools also demands attention. Mr. Harlin, of the Brisbane school, has clearly denned the position of the institution under his care ; how it is pressed by the attractions of free education all over the colony under the National System, and the consequent withdrawal of boys who, under other cir cumstances, would be found in the Grammar schools. That the latter are in danger is but too evident; and it is now a public duty to meet the position fairly, by adding the Grammar schools to the National System, and so relieving them of farther anxiety, and providing additional facilities for educating the youth of the country to a still higher standard. Amongst the suggestive proceedings of the Imperial Parliament, we notice the fate of a resolution made in the Commons on March 10, to the effect that the colo nies should contribute towards the defence of the Empire, according to population. Mr. Gladstone opposed the resolution, and it was shelved; so comment is compara tively unnecessary. The day is passing away, if it has not already gone, when movements of this kind found favor in these colonies. Australia has shown that her internal life and property are perfectly safe without military protection. This country is not likely to engage in war on its own account; and as the presence of military force for mere display is not likely again to find a footing or favor in the country, it is not easy to see upon what grounds we should be asked to support an army. As for naval support, Australia never required any, and requires it now less than ever. These are amongst the grounds for declining the kind intentions of those who are desirous of affording military protection to this country. The natural trade of the colonies affords barely sufficient revenue for peaceful purposes, but should the mother-country become involved in war, the colonists are not likely subjects to deny all the aid in their power to give, in men and money. At present the oc casion has no existence, and all the funds at command are necessary to nourish the men who, in the event of war, will be found ready to do their duty. Db. W. White, senior coroner of the city of Dublin, and Dr. John Nugent, In spector-General of Lunatics in Ireland, Lave been called before " a Select Com mittee of the House of Commons on Habitual Drunkards," and the evidence given by these gentlemen is so very like life in the colonies, that we quote from the document rather fully. Dr. White was first examined, and in reply to question* from the chairman (Dr. Donald Dalrymple) stated that, although the verdicts delivered by coroners' juries in the case of suicides j almost uniformly took the shape of " tem porary insanity," he was satisfied that two thirds of such cases were due to drink, the juries refraining from any reference to the primary cause, "lest they should inflict injury upon the surviving relatives." Very many of the " accidental deaths " also arose from drink, either on the part of the persons who had lost their lives, or on the part of those who had inflicted the injury. The deaths reported by the police, and upon which no inquests were held, amounted to about three times thn number of those on which juries deliberated—the rule adopted being that where death was simply due to drink, and where no injury had been done by any person, no inquest was held. A still larger proportion of these deaths was due to drink. Drunkenness was largely on the increase amongst the better classes in Dublin, such as shopkeepers, professional men, attorneys, and barristers, arising to a large extent from the practice of lunching at taverns, and taking glasses of sherry, brandy and soda, &c;, after lunch. In many such cases, men were on the direct road to intemperance. Dr. White believed habitual drunkenness, viewed as a disease, to be curable, basing his belief on the fact,' of which he was personally cognisant, that very many " habituals" had been " cured' by Father Mathew's teetotal movement. Dr. Nugent was not sure as to the increase; of drunkenness, but he believed drinking to be " the greatest curse and bane of so* \ ciety." There was a clear connection between alcohol and insanity. When any agrarian outrage or outrage on life took place, the stimulus beforehand was gene rally drink, and invariably before any such act was attempted, the party to commit the act was primed with spirits. Following so closely after the unfortu nate passengers by the Lammershagen, the reports by telegraph of the deplorable plight in which the German immigrant ship Alardus reached Melbourne have called up strong feeling in this community, and, we add with pleasure, prompt action on the part of this Government. The Alardus, it seems, has been at sea for five months, with some 350 passengers. The replies sent from Melbourne to enquiries from Brisbane state that the vessel was overcrowded, that sickness broke out, twenty five passengers died, and the captain was lost overboard. The condition of the vessel is reported as miserable. The pas sengers have been quarantined in Victoria. This is not the first occasion upon which the hospitality and kindness of the Govern ment and people of that colony have been called forth on behalf of Queensland immi grants. When the Netherby was wrecked, they relieved and clothed them, and Queensland was grateful as well as pleased for the hospitality of her neighbors. There was nothing in the wreck of the Netherby that might not have happened to any vessel; but the condition of the German immigrant ships will not bear this kindly consideration, and we must commend the action of the Government in sending orders by telegraph that no more immigrants can be forwarded through the same medium, and trust that if guilt in the present case can be traced to any of the parties con cerned, the fullest penalty may be inflicted upon tLum, as some sort of protection for the future that passengers must not be decoyed into floating charnel-houses. The co-operative boarding-house is a Bavenswood institution, and one which, judging by an advertisement in the local journal, is flourishing. The " hon. secre taiy" formally announces that the insti tution has been removed to more suitable premises, and the patronage of the public is invited upon the substantial recom mendations of a well-provided table, and other departments that will be found to commend themselves. Those who have been urging the opening of Bushmen's Homes upon the South Australian model will readily accept the movement of the co operative housekeepers of Ravenswood as evidence that they appreciate good accom modation, and that they can help them selves towards securing it. There is abun dance of room for opening boarding-houses or homes of this kind, where workmen in the mining districts, and bushmen visiting the towns or in search of employment, could find a home for such time as it might be required, and without the temptations which are the bane of town life. The success of the Adelaide Club or Home affords proof that bushmen are both able and willing to support such institutions. It has already a member-roll of 700, and is not only available as a home or club house for the members, but a Savings Bank and Benefit Society are attached; also a labor- office for employers and those in search of help, a post-office, library, Ac, in all making an institution which is creditable to the members and the com munity at large. 