A FINANCIAL CRISIS IN AMERICA. THE New York Tribuse of September 20 stated:- "Thursday panic was followed by another financial cris, which culminated in Wall-street yesterday. The first great sensation of ths day was the suspension ot the well-known banking and exchange Arm of Fisk and Hatch. This hons* had been early and honorably identi fied wito the. negotiations of Government aseurisiai and bonds af the Central Pacific Bail *oari of Califoraia, and the Chesapeake and Oak) Bailroad. Heavy advances to the last named road are understood to have occasioned snueh embarrassment to tbe house, and the frereuiutmy demands of customers hastened the ■Mwaanty of suspension. Later came the failure of nineteen brokers* firms of more or leas note, •osna of which are old and heavy houses. These I futures are generally owing to the fact that the tooksrs involved were carrying at high prices •arge amounts of stock which had been suddenly dswuastd in value. The suspension of Richard £ehell, on Thursday, caused a continued run on i ihaJEUan Trust Company* of which institution ke rsjjjsm) president. The company met all , -ovnaanda up to the dote of business. The ' 'fotjrtb Hational Bank fell under suspicion on ! tecoant of ite snpposed close connection with th* inn of George Opdyke and Co. This firm 'aae bean involved with the affair* of the New Tork aad Oswego Midland Railroad, now in the •Wai* of a receiver. "Morningopened feverishly in Wall-street, "•ad awn looked at each other with a curious «or% el suspicion, as if to say, ' Will you pull HuuMgh to-day P' General suspicion settled on 4b* street, ana the feeling of distrust affected Ih* stock sales before the opening of the Board. Western Uaion, which bad closed at 81 the «%ht before, sold now at 75, and fluctuated fetweaa that fgure and 77. North- Western, "Which hid closed at 601, sold down as low as •4f, bat ■ samail lota ; and Bock Island, closing a* 98j oa Xbsraday, ran up and down in eon- SslirshU sate between 94 and 97. These Agates, vbJeh oaly indicated the general tremor af the stress, signified nothing further. When ll* Baard faesaalrr opened at half-pest 10 •o'eisak, to* etetteroont ran higher. Every door ■«f the Btoek Bmehange was besieged by as eager •qdeuioaa erewd; the galleries were jammed wnsjEaoahj. awd the main floor of the great *sj*flr«*» % fhwtid whirlpool. It ia never quite tnveriterly |c, *. prayer-meeting; now it was jus BsiHsbb, The panic spread, and Western Union sank *# lO\, 69,68*. Other stocks fol lowed. Paasla Jf ail, which had jauntily closed at aif hi the taal rally of Thursday night, did ckvwa to ttf. Then it sounded a lower depth, «*i dUlflJ into 30 f . New York Central, ■jfjlpyail saai at 94 and 95 before the call, to flt, and a few small lots sold at **• HarUat sUd, with extraordinary rapidity, flbom 110 to 9s\ though the transactions in that ma* ware fight. Sale, of Lake Shore were "•avjer, but ifc.« ptim showed the same 6*WB*Jsajl eaaSenoy, opening; at 85 and a fraatsV. It ran down to 83, but rallied 2 'per «*nt, Wabash, alone pioked up from its low ■otßafMaa bete* the fall, and vibrated between . y Mid 44J. The lame ducks limped about in OaßiaaWahis misery. Hartford and Erie were aataavy qaoted^at 2, and Borne other fancy atoaks) were offered at prices which only evoked a ojsakiv* yell from the mob below. In the aaalst ci all this the president announced the SB of Fisk and Hatch, bankers and dealers. For a moment there was a silence, then a low wail broke out from tjaala aad bears alike. The harsh murmur, vjbjsbb was succeeded by a concatenation of JsQa and cries indescribable, spread into New alsaet fas the rear, and Broad-street in front. Kek aad Hatch had opened in the morn* ing with an expectation of going successfully thraagh the slay. It was not even suspected that there was any trouble in their house until thaw aatpeaeion was announced. About this ttsas sally in the day four or five brokers'firma want down in'blocks: White, Defreitas, and ■ Pathhani, Been an d Edwards, Eugene J. Jack •on, Thesaas Beed and Co., and one or two «*k*r irsju tumbled in about tbe same time. In the Stock kawhange the announcement of these disasters created a ripple of regret, but the interminable ramp and roar went right on, •f**yb©4»> Mac more concerned with what was happaaiag in tbe board than what came in from the •ntside. These failures were followed by numerous others, until by noon a dosen or so of more or less consequence had ' passed in their 4heflka/ Some held out manfully, and auc* «vusa|B only when the pressure grew to be compulsory. Half a dozen hung out, nntil near to the does of business, and gave up the ghost a* last heroically. Many broken were carrying for themselves or their customers large amounts 'of stocks which, had shrunk in value until •heir margins were exhausted. Customers failed to respond, contracts were forfeited, and the brokers, big and little, went down in the wash. Everybody gaped about to see who VonkL come next. The appointment of a re- ' oeiver for the affairs of the Midland Bailroad was followed up yesterday by an application to tarn the eoneern into bankruptcy. People thought that George Updyke and Co., financial agents of the company, ought to fail; and when Wak aad Hatch's troubles were known, they were disappointed that the firm still held out. Distrust of uncertified cheques had grown up ■daring the day, and it was found necessary to But a pelieeman at the door of the Foasth. national, to keep straight the long procession of saea fleekiag in to get their cheque* certin^ -and to see if the money was really tber* The bank responded nobly, and Ondr^ »°d Co. «f r .a me r«ufc«i. rri. si^mk Exchange closed mHk a decidedly better feeling. Stocks stilt -vibrated, and som* nominal sales at low price* ware made; bat most people had come to the •oonstasioo thai it was safer to stop buying and eellisariefed stop they did. The dosing sales -•NaraaHt} rates of money were only ascertained betwaenvi* prices of stocks for cash and regu -3d sales. ' Tbe worst is over,' said everybody." Like all the frequent financial crises in Aaaerici*, Jh*. one did not last long, and is probably fftjoUen by this time. In its leading •OQlamns, th» Triiuna says :— " Th* worst of the panio seems over. Aside ifjcom the gnat misfortune of the failure of Fuk and Hatch, following hard upon that of =JT. Cook* and Co., it has been not at all a com enereial but purely a fancy stock crash. Not a mercantile house U affected, not a savings bunk if troubled. General business in New Tork has really been better, and there is little or no alarm •outside of speculative circles. But holders of •third rate railroad stocks are destined to suffer. Tor many a eoneern not yet reached, there is, through the approaching winter, a bad outlook, f/jsnoy prices hare been broken, the public dis -faaition to invest in fancy stocks is gone, even isjaantarions railroad enterprise will be viewed distrust, and shaky houses may expect to •epead the rest of the season in diligent under rpinning. For Moms Fiak and Hatch, as for J. Oooke and Co., there is only the ainoerest sym jpathy. They have rendered great and honest service in the .material development of the <«o«ntry. Their failure is a public misfortune— •toon all will hope to be retrieved. One lesson that may be learned without it is, that for jramr* bask the New York banks have tM*n keeping on band a very inade quate amount of cash in comparison •with the nature and amount of their liabilities 4o dopoeitors. Turning to the statements of the Uew York banks, we find that since 1869 they 2iav* never held legul tender notes to the amount •of SO per cent. of their deposits, while they have wiaUy been below 25 per cent., and often under 30 per aant. Our maximum ha* been below the Bank of England's maximum, and of the two Sours is the more dulioult to control, without further enlarging on thai aug« £opic, ie it any wonder that oar banks ■•'•aiked with ease or safety, that we so in Wall-street for J raanadL?^. 0*114' {? rna* overnight? That *»J"2™"»^ itomoraliring, and in every way 3ThLr.!!£jd*nce uP°a *»• national trea ■ T3/g££*™? doi'»" «n green.back, against v p**bW« on *smand ia green- l* ■ J w<> hundred millions. All wnil* in the dull seas m, from the first of May to th* middle of Anguat, they heed!« sly ex panded their loans twenty million dollars." 