A DoMATIO M?fws?itn.--A ministor in one of our churchos, whileo on his way to preaonch a funeral sermon in the country, callod to seeo one of his members, an old widow lady, who lived near the road whore he was travelling. The old lady had jlset boon making oausages, and she folt very proud of theom-thoy woro so plump, round, and saoot. Of course she insisted on her minis ter taking some of the links home to his family. He objected on account of his not having his portmantoeau along with him. The objection was soon overruled, and the old lady, after wrapping them up in a rag,. carefully placed a bundle in the pocket of the preacher's capaciouo great coat. iLlus oquipped he started for the funeral. While attonding the solomn ceromonies of the grave, some hungry dog seoonted the eau. eages, and were not long in tracking them to the pocket of the good man's overcoat. Of courose this was a great annoyance, and he was several times under the necessity of kicking the wholps away. Thbo obseequies of the grave complotod, the minister and con grogation ropaseod to tho church, whore the funoral discourse was to be preached. After tho sormon was finishod, the ministor halted to mako some romark to hio congrogation, when a brother, who wisheod to havo an ap pointment given out, ascended the stops of the pulpit, and gave the ministor's coat a bitch to got his attention. T'ho divino, thinking it a dog having designs upon his pooket, raised his foot, gave a sudden kick; a.id sent the good brother sprawling down the stops. "You will excuse me, brethren and sisters," said the minister confusedly, and without looking at the work he had just done, "for I could not avoid it. I have sausages in my pockets, and that dog hase been trying to grab them ever since he came upon the premises." Ormovs STonu~ or FaNaI SoecOEY.-A curious case of sorcery has been brought before the court of assizes of Evreux. The victim, M. Lamy, related his story as fol lows:-"Last May I was at the market at Damnville, when I met at the cafi where I take my doendtiasnee a man named Amaury, who is a powerful sorcerer. I complained of pains in the stomach, and he told me to return to Damville next week, saying that he would then tell me what was, the matter with me. I returned, and he informed me that my illness was caused by a wicked in dividual, my enemy, but that he would deliver me from him if I would give him 30 france. I consented. Some time after I met him again and told him that I was no better. He explained that the malady was more serious and my enemies more nume rous than he had at first supposed; and that I must give him 60 francs to be delivered from them. He said that he belonged to a society established for the purpose of charm. mg away witohoraft, and that he should have to go to visit the grand-master of the association at Broteuil. I agreed to drive him there in my spring-cart. But the grand master was absent that day, and Amaury made me sign a note for 400 franos, be cause, said he, the diflioulties increased every day, my enemies becoming more and more spiteful and enraged against me. As I still suffered from my old malady, and as he assured me that after his magical opera tions the witchoraft that was over me would be dissolved, and that my enemy would soon die in my place, I again consented to pay the 400 francs. Saome time passed without my meeting Amaury again, and whether from a natural cause or from the effects of his witchcraft, I suffered less from my pains; but at the end of three weeks they came on again, and I began to suspect that I had booeen trifled with. I told Amaury so whoen I saw him; he spoke of the grand-master, and of many supernatural things, and talked me over so well that I signed another bond for 700 france. The sorcerer' forbid me to mention what he had done, either to my wife or anyone else. A few days later Amaury wanted again to go to Breteuil, and I drove him there in my car, hoping to per suade him as we went along to destroy the note for'700 franes, and to let me off for that of 400 fraunce, as I found that I should not be able to. paiy at the time the aeooCd became due. At a short distance from the town, Amaury showed me a paper, saying that it was my note of 400 francs, and tore it into several pieces, but as I am very on ,ning, I stopped the car, picked.up the pieces, and saw that it was not my writing. I had to pay it when it fell due, and as I still had the malady, I complained to the magistrate." Amaury the sorcerer has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Lme iw L~nurtiO .- The Ork Examiner supplies the following picture of life in Limerick :--'" Two oeases of 'assault of a so rious character, arising out of the insane animosities existing between some of the numerous factions in the.neoighbourhood of New Pallas, were tried at the Limerick quarter-sesaions last week. In the first a young follow named MoGrath was the prosecutor. On the night of the lath Do comber, aftei: imbibing seven glasses of whiskey, two dandies of punch, and his share in a gallon and a half of porter, he found himself opposite the house of the Koranris, who are his hereditary enemies, wheroupon he shouted, 'here's a Mo Grath.' TPhe challenge was promptly responded to by the Horane; four of whom, with a friend named Connors, rushed out and bolaboured Mo Grath'with their fists, with stones, and with a: stick, until he had five lacerated wounds on his head, and became insensible. 1The second ease was of a similar character. Walsh, the proseoutor, belonging to the fac tion of the Oiappamore Oapulete, mot some of the Godfroys and their friends, ropre s enting the hbuse of Montaguo, on the road, anrd knowing them to be enemies of his, he turned to,look after them, at which the God froyse took offence and knooked him down with a blow of.a stone. Walsh states that the blow rendered him insensible, and when he regained consciousness he found his face battered in and one of his tooth knockled out, from which he infers that the Godfrey faotion further indulged their wrath by kicking him in the head as he lay on the ground. It is really diticult to imagiineo that the men who cherish those senseless hatreds and give way to such unmitigated brutalities are members of a civilised com munity. Severo measures should be takeon whenever the opportunity arises to put a stop to feuds and oonfliots which are simply a disagrace to the country in which they occur.' SIIoDDY.,-Batloy is the chief seat of the manufacture of shoddy. This is the famous rag capital, the tatter metropolis whither every beggar in Europo sends his coast-off gontility of moth-e.oaten coats, frowsy jarckets, worn-out linen, offensivo cotton, and old worsted etockinge; this is their destination. Roduood to filament and greasey pulp by mighty swifts or revolving toothed cylinders, the much-vexed fabrics re-oenter life in the most brilliant forms, from the solid pilot cloth to the silky mohair and glossiest tweed. Thus the tail-coat rejeootod by the Irish peasant, the gaberdine too foul for the Polish beggar, are turned again to shiny usoes, re-appearing, it may be, in the lustrous palotot of the sporting dandy, the delicate riding-habit of the Bolgravian hello, or the sad, slookl garment of her confessor.-Soionoo and Commerce, by P.. L. Simmonds. A HAUNTED RC01IOOLIIOUSoEc-ThTl Morri mnoit Valley Visitor says :-In Nowbury port we have a sohoolhouse that the school committoo have beeoon forced to advertise as closed to visitors, beooause ourious crowds waited within and without, to seeoo the mysterious form of a ghost boy, who has boon trotting around there for more than a year, seeoon frequently by the teaohor-who is not a spiritualist-and by most of the whole fifty pupils, who are too young (primary scholars) to mystify and dooeeive the people. The schoolhousao is a one-story building that would be the last place in town for a spirit from any happy abode to wish to renew its childhood in, thoere is an entry to the building, whore is a flight' of stairs to the attio, and a window looking into the sohoolroom. The tonoher's doesk brought her biak to"that window, where the pupils told her a strange boy was playing his tricks, sometimes putting his head up to the glass and other times looking in. They described him, and when seen he has always been the same in dress and appearande. To verify statements, she. changed her seat"to face the window, and by and by the face appeared-Jack Frost upon the window pane. Not doubting but it was really a boy, she took her ruler, an emblem of her authority, and made for the entry, and there she found him standing quietly in the corner -one of the prettiest faces she had ever seen, with a sweet smile on his beautiful lips and needing a kiss more than a blow'; His body, dressed in neat white olOthos,. bore the appearance of one just past his first decade of years., His hair was almost: white, a little tow head; his face was pale as death, and his eyes a sweet blue.l .Hia face was older than his years, and he had the appearance of wisdom beyond his age. She advanced to him, and then he dodged' to the attio stairs. She followed-is now near enough to. take hold of hini-reached for him, but he is not there. He seemed to sink' through th' stair,' and where she would grasp his person her hand stiick the floor. He was gone. Now we have, a .eritable, ghost - what: is to 'Aeo done?' : Th'e police thought they coaild..iptuioe him. They arrested a lad as the author of all this commotion-the town through; arid he hai his choice to confess or take his chance for the reform school. The boy partially:oon-. fessed; but he was not punished, booauseo his teacher and all the pupils and his parents, knew that he was not the strange' boy that looked in 'at the window; and the fadeo continued to re-appear when he was away.'! Next a carpenter was sent to nail' up the' passage to the attio, but if love laughs at, locks much more do ghosts. The little tow-. head even made more noise than before.. He turned the attio into a carpenter's shop, where he, too, sawed and' pounded and" nailed; and, as if to demonstrate the ftitility of human force to shut him out, he put his: head down through the ventilator and took;, a survey of thesohool. Someof the'childreai' have been frightened, and one day one of them fainted ; but few of them are excited about it. The teacher 'has spoken to him, and he only laughed from his happy face. The children looked at him, whom not one of them ever saw before, and he returns their glances.with love in his soft, mild eyes; but as yet he has not told. us who he is, whence he came, or what his mission. 'This' comes nearest to a real ghost-a daylight ghost-of anything we have had in thii city for years.-New York Times. ' ' , LIABILrTY o' ENoarIsl LAei?ow nRS' TO; lurMosiTioN.-The following letter, stating,, presumably, a hypothetical case,, appears in the Times. It bears to be from a, A Defendant:-" Sir,-When reading the, Tiohborne case I little thought that I should' ever be a defendant in.a trial of Iejeotment.; yet such is now unfortunatelythe fact... Theo plaintiff is a man I never saw or heard 'of until last summer, when I was served.with a writ of ejootment duly signed by a lawyer.,' Never having dreamt that my possession of the property would be disputed, I' was naturally surprised and annoyed. My lawyers, to whom I sent the writ, replied that it was a genuine document, and urged me at once to take the necessary steps, to es.' tablish my possession by examining all my" title deeds and other documents, and retain-,; iog counsel: for my defence. The plaintiff,: to the best of my belief and that of my legal advisers, has no claim whatever to the pro porty, and is merely trying to extort money from me by way of compromiso. In faot, he has made this proposition, which, of course, ' has been unheeded. I am informed that if the oase is brought into court I shall only" have ten days' notice, and that then, unless I appear to defend, the plaintiff will be' sworn to his case, and judgment probably given against me, without any power to ap. peal. Now, sir, to prevent this I am obliged to have my defonoe prepared-a most, costly undertaking. The claimant, being in humble circumstances, cannot pay coats if he loses. Parliament is soon going to assemble, and legal reform is talked of as, being a measure likely to come under ita consideration. Cannot something be done to prevent impostors becoming claimants, and land proprietors, being in the unenviable position of-A Defendant," A ;RED INDIAN COUnITrIN A. MmrIONi Aiun's DAuonTrI.--On a recent visit of the Oomanuhoe chiefs at Washington, a young bravo saw a young lady among those who oame;to see the Indians and foil deeply 'in' love ýith her. So much was he struok that' he fpllowed her to her home and hung, around there, greatly to the annoyance of"' the family, who are among the most arlsto., oratio of the city. What added to the dis tress and mortification of the relatives, the young lady returned the love of the young brave, anid silgnified her willingness to re turn to the west with him. The father, who is a millionaire, and whose name is not men tionet, in his anxiety applied to the autho rities to make the Indian leave the city, but there was no law to compel him to go, and he declared he would not go back without the pale flower. Her brotlher offered him a thousand dollars to leave, but money would not cure the wound Oupid had made; and the family as a last resort sent her in a night train to Now York, whore she loft the next day in a steamer for Europe. Tliis is no romantio fiction, but a truthful story of the ' present day. The relatives hope to curoe the daughter of her ponohant for the noble red man before her return to her home agini.".' Now York Herald. DEAhIr OF A SINoUARH INDIVmDUAL,. The Florontines have had a sensation in theo' death of a singular individual who has boon soon in the streets for the last forty years, a' F.ronoh woman, Do Floohior by name, sup. posed of low origin, but proved to be the daughter of a noble in high military position under tho Bourbons. Upon the announce. moent of her death the authorities took posses. sion of her effoots, and on forcing open the drawer of a large box in her oloepiungroom, found it full of sacks of gold pioooo-ovory box and drawer contained quantities of gold, government bonds, and bank stoohla, and in her shoes, whoso colos woro of extraordinary thickness, layers of noewly.coined gold pioces woro found. The money, 000,000 lire, has boon taken oaro of by the muniocipality, and the nooessary measures for aucertaining the whereabouts of the heirs have boon put in. operation.--Swios Timos. Whon a ohurch is burning, what is the only part that runs no chanco of being saved ? . heo organ, bouesao the engino can't plhy upon it. . . . . , 