TELEGRAPHIC. nEIJTEtt'S TEEECHUM TO AÜSTBAIIAN ASSOCIATED MESS. [lir SUBMAEIXK TELSOIiAPlI.] LONDON. March 22. MOKKT is scarce and discount brisk. Tho stock mnrkot is slack. Dobenturos.-Now South WnloB, 107; Vic- torian, 114 V ¡ Now Zonlnnd Fives, 101; Bank of Now South Wales, 41. Tho tallow markot is quiot. Hutton, 40 to 45 ; boof, 39 to 42. Sporm is hold for 07. Ooppor is quoted at £94 to £9G per ton, and tho prico is advancing. Cotton is dull and declining in value. Queens- land avorogos 9d. por lb. Tin is stoady at £147 por ton. Wheat is quiot. [ATJSTBALIAN ASSOCIATED PEE3S TEI/EGBAMS.] GYMPIE. Maroh 24. Elu von tons of stono from Nos. 3 and 4 north, Lady Mary roof, havo yielded ono hun- dred and oighty-thrco and a half ounces of gold. Two hundred and sixty tons from No. 1 north, Glnnmiro, roturned two hundrod and fifty-two and a half ounces. SYDNEY. Maroh 24. The E.M.S. Bangaloro takes fifty-two thou- sand sovoroigns and fcnclvo thousand ounces of gold. Mr. Parkos has promised to submit to tho Assombly a proposal for tho establishment of a Californian muil sorvico. Peak Downs coppor Bharos aro advancing in value ; holdors now ask four pounds. The City of Brisbane has arrived. AN acoidont of a rathor serious character ooourrod yosterduy morning in Ifaglo-strcot. A young entire horso bolonging to Mr. Raff wus boing drivon in a dray up tho street, tho driver being at tho animal's hoad, l'ho horso took fright at tho sound of somo orapfy barrels rolling and commenced to roar and plungo. Tho drivor, Martin WoUh, Btuok to tho horso, and at tho second plungo ho wus knocked down mid trampled on Assistance was speedily at hand, und Wolsh wus rescued from his perilous position. Dr. Bancroft, who attontlod him, stutos thttt two of his ribs aro brokon, but ho doos not anticipato any dangorous result. Wolsh is known as a very steady mon and n good drivor. AT tho Contrai Police Court, yostorday, throo drunkards woio dischargod-ono of them un ubonginal, who proimsod to point out tho house wlfero ho had boon Bupphod with dunk -Iho mas A Campbell was ohaigod by his wifo, JSrnm» Campboll, with assault Itnppoaicd that the man hod boon drinking, and on tho morning of tho 21st instant, ho throw a honvy poir of shears at his wifo, striking hor on tho back, tho shoars then roboundcd aguiuBt tho wall of tho room and woro biokon, one of tho points boing ombodded m the wood work As a wind up, tho priBouor thioatoncd to talto hor life Tho woman was battorod and bnu«ed both on tho baok and faco - tho back especially, it wus said, being ono muss of bruises Tho pnsonor said ho would not bo bottoi so long as ho was biought up at tho Police Court, and he threw tho blamo on his wifo, whom ho ucousod of coming homo at nu propor hours at night Tho roply was that ho did not support his wifo, who had to woik huid to oarn a hvohood His Worship, having com mentodupon tho brutality of thoenso, and tho fact that tho pnsonor had boon previously oon\ ictod of a similarolTouco,sontoncodhim six months' hurd labor on tho roads oi public works of tho colony , and oidorod him, on tho oxpiry of that toi in, to find two suflicient sureties of £20 each to koop tho pcaoo foi another BIS months A susiMOHED mooting of tho mcrnbois of the Loyal Hope of tho Valloy Lod(,o, M U , WUB hold on Fobruury 20, at Boat Hoal's, when tho foi lowing ofllco bourcrs woro installed -Bro Hipwood, G M , Bi o Nogtis, N G , Bro IVI'Clo), V G , Bro Oran ford, E S The retiring G M dohvorod tho installation locturo Bros Sands and Oonnoll woro appointai auditors, and tho latter was also elected delégalo to ropi osent tho lodgo at tho noit quartcily distnct mooting to bo hold nt tho Boso of Donmaik Lodgo, Goodna, on Inured ly, March 2G TUB second nunn orsnry of tho Oval Band of Hopo uns oelobiutcd bv a toa mooting and enter tainmont, held in the Biblo Umstiun Church, on Frida) ovoning, tho 21st instant About nmot) poreons eat down to tho (ou, which waspiovidod m tho usunl liberal manner An entertainment followod, which was presided over by tho Ko\ William Mooro Interesting nddrossos woio dohvorodb) Mr William Brooke«, Bov Edwurd Griflith, tho President of tho Baud of Hopo (Bov W Woolcooli), and ti o chairman of the mooting Approprmto piceos wi.ro rcoitod by threo of tho juvemlo liiombors in a oroditublo manner Prizo books woro givon to foin toon of tbo children who had recited at tho meetings during tho past yeat Sovcral melodies wiro sung at intorvals during tho ovoning, whioh tendod groatl) to enliven tho proceedings Tho mooting wis brought to a cloao by according tho votes of thanks usual on such occasions WE huvo rocoiv ed from tho author nn unpro tonding httlo sixpenny pomphlor, published bj Goo Boborteon and Co, of Molbourne, ontitlod " Ovor tho Island," which is roally woll worth roading " Ovor tho Island" IB, WO are told, tho term usod hy old buBhmon, moro especially tho " t'othor Bidors" to imply nil over tho colonios, and tho coutonts of the little book consist of admirably told bush yara which tho author, Mr. J.J 0. E. Johnson, tolls UB ho has fell in with during his various wandorings in Victoria South Australia, Now South Wales, and Queens, land. " Bob tho natter," " Wallaby Joe's Ghost," "Chummy Charley," "Billy Porkins' Espcrionco," "Jock Thornton's Story," and " Christmas on Bodnoy's," aro tho titles to tho principal stories, and they sufficiently indicato tho sort of adventures which aro re oorded. THE Junction Gold Mining Company (limited), was registered in the Supremo Court yostorday. I Nominal capital £32,000, in 32,000 shares of £1 oaeh. Objects : To work an area of 4 acres 2 I roods 10 perch CB, known as tho Smithfield und I Monkland Junction, on the supposed line of the Smithfield icef, Gympie. Bogistered-oOlcc : Mary-street, Gympie. No ono cspeoted that Mr and Mrs Braham would hnvo had nioio than a vory small amount of patronogo last night, in consequonco of thoro being anothci ontortaiumont at tho Sohool of Arts which was honoiod with tho prosonco of tho Govornor, and whom thoro WOB a vory full house But notwithstanding such antioipat oös, thoro was what would havo been oullcd a good attendance, evou had thti o boon no other rival perfoimanco Almost tho whole of tho pro gramnio was now, und, m carrying it out, several additions woio made m substitution of those parts of tho entertainment where a lopotition was demanded Tho opening pieco eonsiatod of imitations of tho prin cipal London Concorfc hall singors, givon by Mr Braham, and subsequently a duot in which ho and Ins wifo took patt, also intro ducod several of tho popular Bongs of the same class. The Brisbane public have already shown their appreciation of the talonts of (tho Into) Miss Xuzio Watson and hor partner Tho songs given last nigl t were, if an) thing suporioi to tho«o whioh wo board at thou tormer visit Iho most novol ftaturo of tho porforraanco was tbo lirst appeninnco boro of Mudoinoisolles llaihcl and Boloiso Thoy aro both atti activo in pcrsoiiul appourunco, in tho varied nehnoBs of thou clmii¡_ce of dross, and m their skill in dancing Mdllo Baohol has successful^ mtro duced tho American otylo of soug and dance, and " Whoro tho Woodbino Twinoth," ' knocked ' tho audience and spectators With out going moro into detail in this notice, wo may stato that the pcifomancohadtho merit of bomg earned out without tho Blightost delay between the puces, and kept tho houso amused thioughout Wo may safely uuticipato that this ontortninment will become popular, and havo a good i mi THE Bollnngors woro again wolcomod by a crowded house last night, and the ontortain mont, which was undor tho pationugo of His Exoollenoy tho Govoinor, the Marchioness of Normanby, und suito, who woro proBont, was in all rospoots successful Tho musio of tho bolls moro correctly porliaps, tho wonderful manipu lation which elicits tho muBio-li is boen com minted upon in provious notices, but no do scription will suffice, uud thoso who have not yot visitad tho School of Arts alioukl loso no time in doing so A good opportunity prosonts itsolf thia ovoning tho entortuinmont bomg for tho benefit of tho BriBbano Hospital, and Mr Lynch assures us that tho hospital and not tho poifoiraoii will receive tho " boueflt " of tho re .oipts on this occasion IK South Australia there has hoon a splondid liai vost A thanksgiving seimon was lately do hvored by tho Eov J JeíTous IL B , during which ho leforrod, in the following strong torras, to the nogloot of tho Government and Logislaturo of that colony in not oucournging immigration - If thoio is a shadow to this blight picture it is cast, not by the dealings of God, but by tho folly and selfishness of mon ror yinrs wo havo puisued a pohoy suioidal to tho best mtoiests of oui country We havo stnvon by it mu row minded Legislature, spring nig from uttoilj falso VIOWB of political economy, und fostoiod by ti ntorous tribunes of the pooplo-wo hnvo struen to o\clude others fioin what wo havo deomod to bo our own special hontago And so this fan country, among tho liehest for all dosirublo troasuros upon tho fuio of tho globo, is making but little ion! progress With lands copablo of supporting untold millions, and with miltons of our luco cr)ing out for lands to till and broud to cut, wo luuko Bcnrcely a sonsiblo increase to oui populutiou Noi hnvo tho pooplo at largo bonofittod by this selfishness A fow colossal fortums havo been built up, to bo cairiod off and spout olsowhoro A considerable numbor havo doubtloss been enriched, but the working class is no botter off than boforo Employment is still iincortiini and procanous during a good pait of tho year Tho prosout extraordinary prOBponty alono has etayod tho continuous in ereuso of pauperism Tho most skilled of our iirtisniis mo loaung us Our young mon by hundí odB lim o sought and found a homo in tho moto oncrgotio neighboring colonies, or, with a dash of tho d10, havo risked thoir foi tunos und their hfo in now sottlomouts, hopolosa of udvanceinonfc hoio " Ia does ono good to road 111 tho Geelong Advei tisei of what took placo at tho Bambra Oornotory,nt tho funoial of a widow, who had been sti ugghng hat ii to maintain herself and nino ihilihon by what could bo luisod from thirty unes of land -" Noaily ovory losidont, rich 01 poor, foi milos around attondod tho obsequies lhere woio tho bereaved muo orphan childi on, vhoso agos rongod fiom two to fifteen years WOUIB of 6)inpathy woro whispered among tho mouinors UB they marched in solemn piocession to tho comotory, aud oro tho gravo had olosod theso whispers found ex- pression llioro, iiiindst tho giaics, overgrown with woods and shrubs, a meeting was formod, and Mr Anderson, a leading farmer m tho district, und a nicmboi of the eluro council, was nsked to piosidc Iho quostion was asked, ' What shall ho dono with tho chil dren î ' Trom lips qun ciing with omotion, in ti emulous accents, the words of tho speaker fell softly on tho cars of sympathising listeners 'iiust wo cast theso mno orphans on tho world, send them to tho orphanago, 01 tho Industrial School« 01 aro thero present hero thoso who will volunteoi to feed thom olothe thom, and bung thom up as niombors of thoir own fumihes?' Tho words woro touching, tho ap peal seemed irresistiblo, and when ho eon»od «peaking thoro was no loud response, but heart throbbings echoed amid tho silent tombstones Stout hearts wera moltod into toudorness Ono und then another carno forward, oager to tako tho orphans under their chnrgo, till so many Bignilicd their willingness that a committee hod to bo appointed to soleot thoBO who thoy con- sidered tho most chgiblo as foster purents " MAUVTIILA COCOA -The Globe soys, "Tay- lor Brothors' Maravilla cocoa has achieved a thorough suecos*, and suporeodos ovory othor cocoa in tho market Entire solubility, a doll cuto aroma, and a laro concentration of the purost clements of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla cocoa above all othors For íuvulids aud dvspipticä, wo could not rooommoud a moro agrcoablo 01 valuablo boiorugo " MAUAVIMIA COCOA -Opinions of tho Press, -" Thoso who havo not yot tried Maravilla will do woil to do BO"-Morning Post "It may ustly bo called tho porfection of propared cocoa " -British Medical Journal HojiffOPATnio COCOA -This original pro parntion which has at'uincd euch a world wido reputation, IB manufactured hy TATSOU ßnOTHEiis iindor tho ablest homceopatbic advice, aided by tho skill and experience of tho m ventors, and will bo found to combino in an eminent aogroo the purity, uno aroma, and nu tritious proporty of tho trosh nut SoxDBiE CHOCOLATE, niado m ono minute vuthout boiling Clho nbovonrtiolos nro prepared exclusively by lajlor Brothers, tholargost manu facturcrs in 1 uropo, and sold in tin hnod packots I only, by storokcopers and others all o-er the world Steam Mills, Brick lano, London Hi port Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium -[ADVT ] I 