PICTURES ON THE WALLS. A ? BY J. MURPHY. (Dublin Irishman!) Justin Macahthy, Lokd Mountcashel. On the fourth day of May, 1690, a French fleet cast anchor at Brest, and it bore on the decks of its goodly vessels a crowd of men j who looked with surprise on the foreign scenes for the first time representing them selves to their eyes. ' Tous gens bien faits' to these strangers by their French guests. They were no others than the regiments exchanged by King James for the French troops under Lauzun — the forerunners of the famous Brigade. King Louis had engaged to assist King James in Ireland with some of his picked officers and troops. The re nown King William's veteran troops had ac quired in the wars of the .Low Countries made it necessary, it was believed, to have equally picked and renowned troops to meet them on Irish soil. It was not considered wise to allow raw and inexperienced. Irish troops to meet the skilled veterans of King William's army, and hence Lauxun was sent over with six thousand men. As King Louis was badly in want of men, it was stipulated, on behalf of King James, that an equal number of native Irish should, be sent in exchange; and hence the presence, :. on the waters of Brest this summer morning-, one hundred and eighty years ago, of five thousand three hundred Irishmen — officers and men. They were commanded by an Irish gentle man, whose name afterwards became a house- '.. hold word on the Continent — Justin Macar thy, Lord Mountcashel. This officer was son of Donough Macarfhy,, Earl of Muskerry. Sji his veins the proud est blood of the old land ran. His name had' a halo 6f glory around it— derived from a* succession of brave ancestors, great posses sions and gallant deeds. His line was high: in the southern land, . and lie could trace liis fathers far back until their origin was lost int the mist of antiquity. A race of princely',, chivalrous gallant soldiers they were ; and ifc I was no unworthy successor .that led into French soil the Brigade that was thencefor ward to bear his name — Mountcashel' s Bri gade. '?''''. The strangest traditions of Ireland were linked with his family. Banshees wailed their dying chiefs ; the spirits of dead men. kept watch and ward beside the tombs of their dead lords ; on the anniversary of the; founder of their race — whose name was lost in the vista of ages, but whose tomb was carefully guarded, in the ancient burial ground — the dead warriors of the clan, steel clad and mounted, paraded once more as in. life on the spreading demesne ; and the ? fairies and dwellers in ghost land walked their halls, and repeatedly sat in visible pre sence at their table s . Such were some of the popular beliefs about the family of the lord, who led the five thousand Irish soldiers into French soil. Justin Maearthy warmly espoused the cause of King James. He had held a dis tinguished post in the English service which. '. he resigned, like Sarsfield, to espouse the cause of his King. Previously to King James' arrival in Ireland he had held com mand in Munster, and kept down with aa iron hand every attempt of the English, settlers to make a movement in favour of King William. On the 22nd March, 1689, King James landed at Kinsale — a iauding; big with fate for the old Irish families. Maearthy, as lieutenant-general, received him. Shortly afterwards lie was created a. peer under the title of Lord Mountcashel. The gallant defenders of Derry and Ennis killen, with a bravery which entitles them to undying honour, held, these strongholds reso lutely against King James. Mountcashel was deputed to assist in their reduction. Irt the battle of Newtown Butler, where King James' troops met such a disastrous defeat at the hands of the Enniskilliners, Lord Mountcashel, who commanded, was taken prisoner. ±±e had a horse shot under mm, and he himself was badly wounded, having been struck by several balls. He very narrowly escaped with his life, a soldier hav wounded upon the ground. He was kept in confinement for a long time subsequently in Enniskillen ; but in the latter end of fche year, by a curious strata gem, he managed to escape. He reached Dublin amid great popular rejoicings for his arrival. Some unpleasant stories were put forward as to his having broken his parole of honour, but on his arrival in France after- . wards the French court of officers to whom, he submitted the matter declared Mm guilt less of any forfeiture of his pledge. The city was illuminated for the escaped prisoner, and King James held high festival in Dublin; Castle in honour of his trusty and powerful supporter. When the King determined on exchanging regiments with King Louis, lie selected five of the choicest Irish regiments for the pur pose. These wore afterwards, after their arrival on French soil, formed into three regiments, of which Daniel O'Brien (Lord Clare), Lore Dillon, and Mountcashel him self were colonels. Lord Dillon, whose name ' afterwards became so famous inu France, was but twenty years of age wheat his regiment anchored in the waters of Brest, Shortly after landing, Mountcashel was? entrusted by King Louis with the supreme charge of the Brigade. The regiments con sisted mostly of young men, the pick and choice of the estates owned by the colonels, .whose names they bore ; and, no doubt, they expected in a very short time to return to Ireland again. In this they were dis appointed. They never again saw Ireland, ' Save and except trie tidings ot tne oia lance brought by Sarsfield's troops, and by the men who followed in th.it subsequent iligats. of the ' Wild Geese,' no tidings of their friends or family or native land ever reached their ears. The presence of war was con stantly around them, engrossing all their attention, and an embargo was, as far asr practicable, placed by the English Govern-, mont on all communication with Ireland. In the following July, Mountcashel was placed on active service, and the brigade waa ordeved to the South — to Savoy. Weary and worn with their long march, over 500 miles of French roads, early in August they shook the last of the French dust from their shoes and entered Savoy. Prince Victor Amadeusv for aiong time the friend of King Louis, was won over to the side of the allies, and Gene ral 3Iarqms Saint Ruth had orders to inva&a;* Savoy in return for his defection. This country tvhs rocky and mountainous to a great degree. Narrow passes among the anqnntains, and rapid rivers formed of the ari'elting snows, offered formidable obstacles an every direction. The Savoyards were l)favemen, accustomed to climb the moun tains, and descend into the valleys ; and practised in the unerring use of the musket ?in their hunts after the chamois. ?But they found more than a match in the Irish regiments of Mounteashel— recruited rznany of them from the glens and valleys of Clare and Kerry. They clutched Cham berry, the capital, from the keeping of Victor Amadeus. The gates of Annecy were opened to them. Lord Clare's men carried the Latilements of lloumilly by storm ; in the night,' and made its streets echo with tin ?wonted Irish cheers. Irish banners waved over the districts of Chab'lais and the Taren taise; and Irish horsemen stabled their steeds in the palaces by- the Hue. They forced the Count de Salles, the Savoyese General, from mountain pass to mountain -pass until he took up his position on high eminence by the Isere, his face to the river that ran hundreds of feet below ; his back to the mountains that' ascended to the clouds. The position was an almost impregnable one. To further strengthen the post the Count de Salles had forest* trees cut down and built up between himself and the approaching enemy through which his ready riflemen could shoot them down by hundreds without danger to themselves. It was a very strong position. It was ruin to face it. But Lord Mount cashel with his regiments scaled the heights in their rere in the night time; their muskets tied to their backs as they crept their way through the snow and over the glaciers. In the morning the astonished Savoyards beheld the Irish mustering behind them in a position which they believed not even the Chamois guuu uuimi iiuvc ciuia.ij_it;\\.i. jljji. xiguu irtio long and furious, but the Savoyards were -entirely beaten, and driven to the highest mountain ; Lord Mountcashel was badly ?wounded by a musket ball in the breast. fEhe Count de Salles was 'taken prisoner. A similar feat . was performed by Lord Clare's regiment with another of their gene xals who contested a mountain pass with them. This position was even stronger than the other. Mountains impossible to pass (it ?was considered) lay at his right, and a deep and rapid river lay to his left. An hundred armed men ccxi'.d defend it against an army. In this entrenched pass the Count de Bernex xesolved to stop the passage of the French army. . But the regiment of Clare, over the Jieights of the stupendous mountains, through gorges where the sun's light never shone, gained the rear of the entrenched army, and ; turned the position. The French were no less surprised than the Savoyards themselves at this feat. The latter, astonished to find an arm)'- had carried their rear, which they be lieved to be an impossibility, were seized with a panic and fled. The capture of this x^ass gave the key of Savoy to Saint Until, and the whole of that country speedily came under subjection to ! the Erench. General Saint Hutli awarded public praise to the soldiers of the Irish .Brigade on his departure for Ireland to as sume the command there. Lord Mountcashel assisted at the reduction of Montmellian. This devoted fortress was Irailt on a high rock, and formed such an im portant portion of the defence that Saint lluth resolved to assail it. The garrison numbered about a thousand men, well pro Tided with artillery. Unable to take it by storm, the French invested it with double and treble lines of circumvallation. But the brave defenders sallied out from time to time, and frequently after desperate fighting cap tured the forage andprovisionsof the besiegers. 'With steady valour, though encompassed 'with foes, their gunners dismounted battery after battery as fast as the French erected them. -Hie autumn passed over the beleaguered garrison, and although the allies made several attempts to assist them, the beginning of 'winter found them still hopelessly encom passed, but still fighting with bitter resolu tion. The siege relaxed somewhat during the spring and summer of 1(591, but 'Mar- shal Catinat, who succeeded Saint Ruth, took command of the siege in the latter end of ^November, 1691. Sixty pieces of artillery for three weeks poured shot and shell into the midst of the starving garrison, who ?worked steadily at their guns night and day. 'Lord Clare's regiment was the first to enter the shot torn walls of this gallant town, so memorable for its gallant defence. The siege lasted from October, 1690, to Decem ber, 1691. Shortly after Mountcashel, with a portion of his Brigade, was transferred to Catalonia. to servo against the Spaniards under Marshal JSoaillcs. The bayonets of his soldiers ear Tied the trenches before Urgel, and wrested the battlements of that fortress from the best of the Spanish troops. They won bright honours at the taking of Valence : and when the Spanish army, besieging Pratt de -Kollo, had to spiko their cannons, de stroy their trenches, and retreat from before Ht, the first friendty words that met the ears of the exhausted French soldiers cooped up within it, came in the soft Gaelic that flowed .from the lips of the Lord Dillon's i Kerry men. These honours were not won, however, without great sacrifices. The Brigade, al though strengthened by considerable acces sions, was greatly reduced in number, and was but the skeleton of what it was whim it landed from Ireland. Many of its officers had found their graves amongst the Alps ; and, when Scarsfield's troops landed in France, there were but few of them alive to hearken to the tale of Limerick. After the campaign in Catalonia, Mount cashel was attached in 1693 to the Army o£ the Rhine with the appointment of Lieuten ant General. The Brigade of Mountcashel thenceforward no longer . existed separately, and his own regiment, with some of those brought over by Sarsfield, formed part of the division of the French Army he commanded. The Duke De Lorges, opposed by the gal lant Prince Louis of Baden, commanded the French aimy. Lord Mountcashel's regiment assisted at the reduction of the famous fort ress of Heidelberg. The wounds, however, which he had re ceived early in life, as well as those which had left him senseless on the field at the battle of Newtownbutler, and those which Lad been received in the war with the Savo yards, now came against him. His health began rapidly to fail. The sad tidings which Sarsfield and his officers brought with them from Limerick must have further added to the illness of this gallant soldier. The estates, which had been handed down to him from a long line of dis tinguished ancestors, were completely con fiscated. Through, revolt and rebellion, through the stormy times that had passed over Minister for hundreds of years, the Macarthys had still held their estates— how- ever diminished. Their bones were still laid to rest in soil formed 'from the dust of their kindred; and the old towers where genera tions of his race were born and lived and died had been kept in their possession by the leasehold of the sword and the valour of his clan. It was. fated, however, that in this day the gray towers and the broad estates alike should pass away from his name and | race — for an unworthy King. Strangers ] ruled his valleys, and feasted in his castle, whilst the great chief, weary with his wounds, lay dying; in France. j The property of Lord Mountcashel, confis cated, at the surrender of Limerick, though sadly diminished then by successive wars and revolutions, has been estimated as worth now the enormous sum of three hundred thousand pounds .a year. That will serve to give an idea of what Righ Shanius, cost the gentlemen of Ireland who stood up for his cause. .[ Lord Moxmtcashel did not long survive his gallant compatriot, Sarsfield. He died in. Barrege in July, 1694. He was buried with great honours, and his pall was carried by general officers of the French army. His regiment kept watch and ward over the Roman Catholic Church where his body lay; and wept like children when his remains were laid in the tomb. He laid the founda- '- tion for that military gloiy, which afterwards shone so brightly in the wars of the Conti nent, and the news of which to the trodden race at home served, in the midst of their sorrow and oppression, to lift their hearts in exultation. Lord Clare, who came with him to France in command of one of his regiments, died in 1693, the year before, at the famous battle of Marsaglia. It is most interesting to look over the long roll of ofllcers that crossed the sea with Sars- ? field, and to look to their subsequent fate. One after another they fell in. one or other of the great wars of the Continent. Old names that had once been popular and cherished m ? Ireland, went out in the smoke of the battle- I I field and their places and people knew them ' no more. Of this chief and his line, Denis Florence M'Carthy has witten : — What a moment of glory to cherish and dream ; When far o'er the sea came the ships of Here noon, With Heber, and Ir, and the Spanish patricians, j To free Innisfail from the spells of magicians ; Oh ! reason had these for their quaking and pallor — For what magic can equal the strong sword of valour ? Far better than spells are the axe and the arrow, When wielded or flung by the hand of Mac . Caura. From that hour a MacCaura had reigned in his pride O'er Desmond's green valleys and rivers so wide, I Frnm f.hv wn/fcfirs T.inmnr^ fcn f.fift tnrrpnfn nnA rilla That are leaping for ever down Brandon's brown hills. The billows of Bantry, the meadows of Beare, The wilds of Evaugh, and the groves of Glen care, From the Shannon's soft shores to the banks of the Barrow, All, all owned the sway of the princely Mac Caura. In chasing the red deer what step was the fleetest, In singing the love song what voice was thf sweetest — What breast was the foremost in courting th- danger— What door waa the widest to ishelter the stran ger- la friendship tbe truest, in battle the bravest — In revel tho gayest, in council the gravest — A hunter to day a,nd a victor to-morrow ? Oh ! who but a chief of the princely MacCaura. 