SOUTH AUSTRALIA.. Adelaide, Thursday. A poll of the citizens has been taken to-day, and it has been decided that there" shall be a twopenny rate for gas. Messrs J. Harres and Alfred Hallett, have been appointed directors of the Bank of South Australia. \- Shares in the Moonla Mine are selling at £22 5s each. Wheat is firm at -Is Id a bushel. Tiie Health: of the Ex-Emperor Napo leon- III. — A telegram, in tbe Melbourne Herald contains tbe following very significant statement : — " Napoleon is in a critical state. Tbe operation be underwent for stone in tbe bladder proved less successful tban was declared, and be bas bad to undergo a second operation, under chloroform, for tbe crushing of tbe stone. There was great constitutional disturbance, and tbe result is extremely doubtful. All tbe members of the Imperial family are with tbe ex-Emperor." New Ixsolvext. — Tbe following schedule bas been filed iu Beechworth ; Henry Cleinen- ger, storekeeper, of Beechworth; cause of insolvency ; refusal of a creditor to renew a bill falling due, aud difficulty in collecting accounts; liabilities, £1725 13s lOd; assets, £1529 17s Sd ; deficiency, £195 16s 2d. John Turner, Official Assignee. Another Swindle.— An . enterprising in dividual, who is presumably tbe same who got tbe best of a well-known Boniface iu Benalla, as recorded elsewhere in a paragraph furnished by our local correspondent, did Mr Andrews, of the Oriental Hotel, Newtown, Beechworth", tbe honor of paying him a visit at an early hour yesterday morning. When he rode up he announced that he had received an appointment at the Lunatic Asylum, and took a walk apparently in the direction of that institution. On his return, he " swopped" his saddle with a young man for a watch, informing the host that it was all right, and he would enter upon his duties next day. He then remarked that he would like to have a look at Beechworth, and asked for the loan of a saddle to have a ride round. The request was cordially acceded to, and our hero set off, promising to return by three o'clock in the afternoon. He did not return, and about seven o'clock Mr Audrews thought it was time to communicate with the police autho rities, which he did, fortunately in time' to allow telegrams to be sent, to all the stations near. The supposed delinquent was arrested at Wodonga yesterday, and will no doubt be brought before the local Police Court to-day. When he has purged himself of tho Benalla business, he will no donbt have to answer for his Newtown experiment. Iu any case, it is likely that, although no room will be found for him in the Luuatic Asylum, another public establishment in Beechworth will open its doors to him, and will close them. Beechworth Presbytery. — At a meeting of the Beechworth Presbytery held at Albury on Tuesday, 7th instant, the resignation of the Bev. A. Bobb of the charge at Albury was accepted," and the Bev. Alexander Mur doch, of Benalla, was appointed to preach at Albury, and declare the church vacant on the third Sabbath of this month. The Bev. George Graham was appointed Moderator of the congregation during the vacancy. The commissioners of the congregation, viz., Messrs Wallace, Downie and Thomson men tioned the name of a minister of the church they were desirous to hear, and requested Mr Graham, the clerk of Presbytery, to com- muuicate with him immediately. It is ex pected that tho gentleman referred to will preach at Albury during the month of Feb ruary. The Presbytery, after the transaction Of tile Usual routine "business, adjourned to meet at Wangaratta, on Tuesday, 21st inst. ' Wesleyan Bazaar at Yackandandah.— Thanks, chiefly to the exertions of the ladies who took so much interest in the success of this bazaar, and worked. so hard for it, a sum of something like £110 has been realised, of which by far the greater part will go to swell the chnreh funds. Something lh a a £ojman T\te Royal Hotel, Benalla. He arrived- at the 1 J . a ood horse, was respectably a , o a commer- "Sf parking of some re- cial travel!? - - astcil tbe Limltortl i to "O on important busrne to W . Lf his own horse could remain Wmtoii, and iIr Hoskins, never feeding f "J" anything to.be for a omet the groom to get ready amiss, at once oru The horse was ahorse, saddle ana departure, bre„gM »a the '2%Tre fori i as he saffi, : for Wj int on. suspeet that promised, Mr Hosluns be, he became something might be wrong, en to his uneasy about his favorite po«-. Wednesday utter astonishment he heard t tl.aveller morning that the horse left by Town, belonged to Mr Williams at Yu from whom the visitor had boir animal to ride out to see a friend at Town, and instead of returning, had con to Benalla, where he got an exchange ul false pretences. The. police were informed . what had taken place, and went m search oi the supposed offender. It appears that he did pass through Wiatonon Tuesday evening, and had a bottle of lemonade at one of the hotels, and then proceeded on his journey. Koetoxg. — Our correspondent in this loca lity informs us that, pending the decision of the Government with regard to the leases, next to no work is being done on the various claims, nor is it likely that there will be for some five or six weeks to come. The claim- holders are still as sanguine as ever, as to the value of the ground. When the district does fret fully to work, we should imagine that a smelting plant would yield handsome returns, as the cost of carriage would be thereby so greatly reduced. Annual Examination. of Pupil Teachers —Mr Geary, Inspector of Schools, com menced the annual examination of pnpil teachers for promotion on Wednesday last, and it was continued on the following days, at tho Beechworth School, No. 61. Doubtless we will be able to give the result in a future issue of this journal. - Painful Accident. — On Wednesday, a painful accident happened to John Patrick, who is in the employ of Messrs Graham and Wilson. He was sitting on the top of a waggon, loaded with bags of chaff, which was opposite the store in Ford-street, Beechworth, when, one of the bags slipping, he was pre cipitated to the ground, and in falling his arm was caught in one of the spikes of the wag gon, and terribly lacerated. The arm bled freely, and it was at first feared that an artery had been more or less injured, and that amputation might be necessary. The sufferer was quickly taken to the hospital, when it was found that, serious as the injuries were, the arterfes bad escaped. Patrick is a hard working, upright, and honorable fellow, and all who know him will be glad to hear that he has every chance of entire recovery, his regu lar habits standing him iu good stead. George Cotxerell.— Mr Cotterell's many friends throughout this district, will be glad to hear that his health has been so far restored that he has been able again to put in an appearance in public, and now looks for ward to recommencing professional work, if he can meet with suitable associates. As we have said before now, in his own fine of im personation, George Cotterell is without a rival in the world, aud he would make his mark at home as he has done in these colonies ; not to mention the straightforward, honorable, and loveable nature of the man himself. The Colonist, a journal published at Nelson, New Zealand, thus writes of a recent performance given there : — " Last night this gentleman gave a most suc cessful and pleasant entertainment before a fashiouable and numerous audience.. Many of the characters presented on this occasion bore the names given to them formerly, and the ground-work might also be said to be the same, but, in the treatment, the change and improvement which have been effected, pre sented these old creations in such an improved fight that they appeared to be invested with a freshness that gave another, and more attrac- tive fife to them than they ever before possessed. Added to this there were several novelties, snch as the " Dip into the future — — Grand Scene of a Bailway ; " the " Ghost of Nelson," a local ditty, which caused the greatest amusement, and this found its cul minating point when Mr Cotterell concluded His portion of the programme by an exceed ingly clever imitation of a violin solo of " The Carnival." Considerable applause fol lowed the representation of all the old favorite characters, and the new ones were most cleverly represented and warmly received." A Cool Thief. — Some little excitement was created in the neighborhood of the Beechworth Botanical Beserve yesterday even ing at about six o'clock by the news that Mr Milne, an elderly gentleman who has been residing thereabouts for nearly 20 years, and is well known in Beechworth, had been " stuck up" and robbed on his way home. It ap pears that Mr Milne had called at Heuss's Albion Hotel, in Ford Street, and there changed a £1 note receiving ISs Gdinsilveras change. An elderly man with a swag was pre sent at the time this transaction occurred and seems to have followed Mr Milne on his home ward walk. In or near the reserve he caught hold of Mr Milne by the throat, and took IBs 6d from his waistcoat pocket, leaving, curiously enough, two half-crowns therein. A man named Fox happened to see the transaction, and an alarm was speedily given. Several members of the police force were soon on the spot, and the supposed culprit was arrested, no money, however being found on him. He took a defiant tone, declaring that he would go on his way, and that if he were taken to the lock-up, a cart must be procured, aud he would not carry his swag, not he. After a hurried search for the money, this independent individual, who sub sequently gave the name of " Greenaway," and showed every possible inclination to " cut away," was escorted to the Police Gamp by Constables Denny and Waters. He declined to have anything to do with his swag at first, but when he had gone some 60 or 70 yards' he changed his mind, and wanted to return for it. A hoy who was passing ran for the blankets, which Mr Greenaway humped, as though " to the manner born," and was then sptelily relegated to the quiet retirement of a cell. As soon as the robbery became known, Mr Heuss, who had changed the note for Mr Milne, liiirried to the Reserve, and described to the police with great exactitude the coins which he had given. There were four half-crowns, " two two-shilling pieces, and sundry shillings, one with a peculiar mark upon it. For a long time no trace of the missing money could he found ; but at last Messrs Dale, Heuss, and Detective Brown came upon a " plant" of silver underneath some chips close to the Reserve fence. It was evident that this money had been thrown down, and the chips thrust over with the foot. The money was speedily disinterred.and exactly answered both to the amount stolen and to the coins previously described by Mr Heuss. The case will, no doubt, come before!- the Police Court .this morning. " Iguanas.— Hr J. Qldfield, of "\Yootage« yesterday brought into Beechworth the car of a large iguana, which had been killc his yard on the previous day by some member, of his household. The reptile measured 10in when dead, and would probably if, been fully 6ft when in his glory. Mr Oldfielj brought in tho iguana for the Rev. W. Howard, who takes a great interest in matters connected with natural history. Wesleyan . Quarterly Meeting ax gabatta.— The Quarterly Meeting of the d. rical and lay representatives of tne "Wesley; El Dorado Circuit was held on Tuesday even, ing last at "Wangaratta, whon the usual buj, ness was transacted. t — 