HOW TO ADVERTISE. LOOK HERE! We propose to start a column after this style, if, as they say, of ships being laid on—for a certain port—if sufficient inducement others. Business Wotabilia. vTken ebb.' Philistines took Samson, and boitnd him with new ropes, but he broke them asunder like chalT, and fled so swiftly that verily the ungodly might have played seven-up on the skirts of his garment. And when the Philistines beheld it they cried with a loud voice saying, Behold, now whomsoever shall dolivcrhim bound before us shall receive one hundred shekels of silver ! . Then the young men searched diligently until they found Samson nigh unto the coast called Barbary. And they took him and bound him with T. B. Brown's harness, whieh is like unto bands of iron for strength, yet supple with all. Then Samson strained with all his might to rend it asunder, yea even until his face exceeded the turkey-cock's for redness, yet it brake not, there was. no .Hawtherein, neither is thcro better harness made, no, not in Israel. The Watch ox the Rhine closely resembles the clock ut Strasbourg. Moltke winds it up every night. And it is whispered that the Rhine Wine winds Moltke up every night. It is said that the needle-gun beat the Austrians, and it is certain that the inspiration gained by; the Prussians from the Rhine Winp had much to do with conquering France. All the noted aud most approved foreign vintages may be found in the cellars of Mr. James Stewart's. What has Bkcome of Captain Hall, wlio started last year on his journey due north ? We trust this intrepid explorer will soon bo heard from, or it will be advisable to send Stanloy in search of him.' A repetition of the Sir John Trnnklyn disaster would be a sad result of so promising an expedition:" In his former journey' the Captain relates that on one occasion three brave fellows were reduced in the way of stimulants to a bottle of Fordliain'i Pickle per diem. 'Xhe men found it a most admirable substitute, bolng in vigorating, nourishing, and appetizing. " Prom Indu3 to the Poles " this pieklc has won itself a name. The Jews-harp is an ancient musical instru- ment, mentioned all through the Bible, and yet some learned fool tells us it is a corruption of "Jaws-harp," and has nothing to do with the Jews at all. It is well known that David used to sing those beautiful Psalms, and accompany him self on the Jews-harp. It is not quite clear how he managed to do it, but the most reasonable supposition is that he rigged a purchase to blow it through his nose while he sang. These wise men are continually making some startling an nouncement or another. They go so far as to tell us that photography was known to the ancients, when every one knows that it was dis- covered a few years back, and brought to its highest pitch of perfection by Messrs. Batehelder aud O'Ui'ill. If they would visit their gallery they would soothly swear that such photographs have hover been approached either in ancient or modern times. Mysterious Occurrence at Sea.—The cor- respondent of the Globe at Gibraltar writes:— There is a little vessel in that port whose recent history is even still more mysterious than that of the "Murillo," and perhaps similarly tragical to that of the "Northfleet." The "Mary Celeste," an American brigantine, was fallen in with by a British vessel some 400 miles east of the Azores, and brought by her to Gibraltar on December 13th. When discovered, she was under foremast, staysail and jib, and under this light canvas she had been pursuing her way for ten days, without a soul on board, the last entry on the ship's log being on November 24th. No other papers were found on board; manifest, bills of landing, every document which could have thrown any light upon the history of the derelict had been re- moved ; and up to the present time, though the inquiry is still going on, not the slighest clue has been traced to account for the desertion of the vessel, and even conjecture is at fault. The cargo, consisting of barrels of spirits, is untouched, with the exception of one cask which had started. There, are no signs of the vessel having suffered from bad weather in in any single respect, the most minute examination having failed to detect any injury above water or below it. A harmo- nium in the captain's cabin and the music books are all in their places untouched by salt water. A little phial of oil was still standing by a sewing machine, and a reel of cotton and thimble had not yet rolled off the table. Nor had the cabin been plundered, for its contents, belonging to a lady and child, were of considerable value. A sword was in its scabbard, rusty, and with marks of blood having been wiped off. There aro marks like sharp cuts on the top gallant rail, and on both sides of the. vessel's bows, which appear to have been done on purpose ; whether, this points to any act of violeuce, aud with what motive, committed—why the vessel .was left under sail, or, in the apparent absence cither of plunder or of peril, why she was ever deserted at all—is still an absolute mystery ; for up to the present moment no trace has been found of the lady or child, of the captain, or any one of the crew. Rolloway's Ointment and Pills.—More pre cious than GohU — GDiarrhcea, dyientry, aud cholera aro, through the summer's heat, carrying off the young as the winter's cold destroyed the aged. In the most acute cases, whore internal medicines cannot bo relatued, the greatest relief will immediately result from rubbing Holloway's soothing Oiutment over the abdomen. The friction should be frequent and brisk, to insure tho free penetration of. the Unguent. This will calm the excited peristaltic action, and soothe tho pain. Both vomiting and griping yield to it; when fruits or vegetables havo originated the malady it is proper to cleanse the bowels by a moderate dose of Holloway's Pills before using the Ointment. A sick cobbler must bo regarded as being well whon he begins to mend. It is impossible for an artist to take the likeness of a red-nosed man in water-colors. Tell not your secrets in'a corn-field; it has thousands of ears. 