METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. « I cannot tell how the truth may be ; I say the tale as 'twas said to me." Politics were so dull last.week until Thurs day that the habituSs of the galleries of the House were fairly driven to get somej amuse ment either io the opei a, theatre, ' or bar «... A hnndrpd thousand or sn was parrot. " — — - auictlv voted to relieve the sick and iudigent. A laud bill dipped in, but then we are so used to land bills that they have lost their gharm, besides which we know the Upper Iicu-.e, or rather Big John, will throw it out. It is too liberal for the quondam democrat. 1TT-. to Rim John hmvevp.r. down TY t <i< c tf"- - — o ' -- - " j — — hero, f or aflbrding us such splerdid material for s ssip by his tilt at Duffy with a goose quii. One admires the pluck of John, but cannot help questioning his discretion, which somebody - said is the better part of valor. ! It is no; l be first lime Parliamentary records have turned up inopportunely. That Barker, our elerk, is such a dreadfully correct man, ' and knows where everything about every political fcodv i> to be found. He turns up those fat plethoric blue books, and as our schoolboys put it. " before you can say knife" there 7 you 3i e impaled. I have often looked .upon Barker among those dry records ; he seems to dove them, as you- lover of poetry loves his Tasso, his Virgil, his Horace, or his Shakesperc. Re handles thcin with something more than the mere perfunctory manner. He reverences those silent records of successes and failures of baffii'd ambition, of disappointed hopes, of mistaken aims. What memories of the vicis situdes of colonial public men must be stored under that wig ; what a book he could write. When the proposition to pay members by' putting a sum on the estimates was intro- Snced. Jolm at once voted in favour of that course. Some time afterwards John — as all great men do — changed his opinions. Don- challenged him, and animadverted in his usual outspoken and sledge-hammer style upon John's turning round, but John flatly denied he had ever been in favour of placing a stun on the estimates for the purpose named. «\V"nv," said Don, "you sat beside me on the division in favour of it." John still denied. « Then it must have been your ghost" retorted Don. However, the division list was turned up, and there he was sure enough m the flesh. John denied the record. Cascv lias thrown a firebrand among the squatters, compared with which the firebrands Of Samson among the standing corn of the Philistines was. a small matter. Dummyism will receive ; cheek which it will not' easily .recover. Dummyism has long been a curse Upon the land— virtually preventing the desirable settlement of small capitalists as "farmers. We will forgive Casey many sins of omission and commission if he successfully grapples with and extinguishes One of our greatest social evi s. y . ( Or.' i-t o jey-Geiierol, Minister of Educa tion, 1 'utile Prorccuto-, and r.iie or iw; oth-r thirg-, has really ico much' to do, lias too Bianv irons ir, the fiic; some of them must coo'. If we are not careful, it wiil be the Educt ion. Ac. The fuifLfnl a irainisl ra tion of t i t imports ii: measure i ', in my humble o'-dnior-, a ta=k niffi n.-.-nt for cny one man, and ho not an indolent < lie either. The general g 'ssip muicaios nine a dissatis faction wi'i, the present management. 1 trust it viii! he looked to iu time, to pievont mischief- Mal- iidmini-traiion of ihe Educa tion Act woulf be most disastrous just now, as it woudi give its determined aud interested opp-u-eu'? the whip hand. u Thu sday evening, Mr Gi-lies introduced his hui.c-p-Miiised lail-vny scheme, which includes . Ime from Wangaratta to Beech- \vcr h. TU Minister of Railways may be eoLgrutub'.fe '< upon the manner in which he haniiied ia ; subject. If he can (io anything, he c.-ui m-.: e a speech; he has the faculty of « getting himself up;" he has the gift so necessary to < ossess, and, when possessed, so telling in such speeches — of methodical ar- saLg- m- u i This faculty gives him the power to pi apple with every proposition iu order, of the whe! question with which he deals, gnch sui j ets afford no oppor'uuity fpr oratory, i-k-h if the Minister dealing with thd.i possessed that rare accomplishment. Sir Gillies, however, is no orator, but he can jtate bis c so and make his points with such clesrnes-- aud precision that one is able to folio r Lin ihrcmgli a long speech without Josing the tii read c-f Lis argument. Ho does act speak often, and Lis reticence has some- Jini-.s been ascribed to indolence; but it is char tic. f t prepare such a speech as that deliv red on Thursday evening, involved Jakiti 'lis preparation and considerable though;. Sydney Smith said Ibut the life of SJUii bns b en so inconveniently shortened since the fl o-i and the clays of Methusalcm, ilia: oat e only master one or two subjects, jo lUKS'.c-r a "system of railways suited to the \- menus Hie! lequiremenis of a new country, is So un an t sk. Mr B< riy, of course, claimed the whol- scheme for his government, aud gciU-'d the present Ministry of being the cbi(f <.up iienis of the very scheme they now proi.uce. The members of the preceding Gov- ram i t lay claim to having initiate! eye y g 'oh measure that comes before ihe Hoii-o. I" 'ioesnotstrikemeasbiiugiiltogctbev Cptnpliuscn'cry to taeni if it be so. i he world is inf rmc I that theDnff . Adininislraiieu had auwngst them transcendant political talent both Ktec-piivc oral administrative, but the House would not entrust them with the conduct of public aff:;i:-s, and the question naturally arises, why Jf Mr GTiies could get rid of a few faults in !c and rule off some of the angular inanner- Kins, in which he sometimes indulges, he would L one of the best and most valuable speakers VK" have. In a country like ours, where so Usuch of the purely practical euters into its government, any man who can master such » tubkets, and place his ideas clearly and suc- chivi.ly bef..re the House and country, is Y;uu:;ble. It is not to he expected that a Bgheme of seen magnitude could be contrived to please everybody. There will be a fight or two, hut on the whole, I think we: have a good Efdiway scheme to work out. " 1 I often bless my lucky stars ti;,fc l was not horn a critic. It must he horribly tormenting fei have not one thought in common with the test of mankind; to hold opinions differing Vri.it i everybody ; to growl where others are plyxsed ; to he compelled and expected to look at every thing through green specs, as it were ; to bo eternally anatomising and dissecting ; to fie ">'ie of the children of Ham, whose hand is against every man, and every man's hand against his. Swift was very hard upon the awe critic. "The malignant deity," says he, dwells upon the top of a snowy mountain in Jciva Zembla. Momus found her extended in her- rtcn upon the spoils of numberless volumes . half devoured. At her right hand sat Ingorance, her father and husband, blind with age ; at her foil. Pride -her mother, dressing her in the of paper herself had torn ; there was Opinion, her sister, light of foot, hood-winked ami head-strong, yet giddy and perpetually t'-'- ning ; about her played her children, Noise, Impudence, Dullness, Vanity, Positiveness, Xih'.ntry and Ill-manners." These thoughts, critics and criticism, arose on reading Jsjiriy some of the critiques upon music and the &»iua in some of the journals. The pieces played have been all wrong, and if we are t6 fobeve the censors, the histronic art, like that «» making blue glass, is gone away from among altogether. I say again I am glad I cannot tc it in that light. I can still go to the Royal $;a) be amused by Harwood's "Jumping Coppin's " Hope I don't intrude," and foD-k Stewart's drolleries, nor am I horrified at tl-.- dipping in or out of a line of the author, '.vug as the author be not Shakespeare, and v,Ar-n it is the "Sweet Swan of Avon." there y,sri:d:;m much to complain of in. that direction! tbiitc'Creville's "Touchstone" would almost vi.'-y a j-.u-uey from the Ovens by coach 1 -e li-s glided in amongst us a very e'ever ay: caj.o' io actor, Mr Dampies. He canae \'."!rij3ul ihe usual puff and liifalutm' with v.',;h it his been heretofore the custom to V it; candidates for public honors. Thq ri.. t '. err-fore is the greater, and the .nrc' more genuine, when we see before i ' " c- r tleman who has had sufficient confi-j i. .- i'- himself to Step quietly before the >v: Yc I"d trust to his ability alone for ob- i is- f -r him public favors. Hi will rnce'i; f.-ward- I .'havo seen him in -two i ' ?. rn1 bo far as my judgment goes, I say T i- is the genuine metal in him. I think -.vtK'ncri-ou of Faust and Marguerite at . day 1 is a triumph, in both scenic ami histrionic art. Mr Dampies played the pari of the oomio, but mischief-makirig devil, with an intelligence and evenness whioh leads ns to expect some other good things from him before he leaves ns. One incident in criti cism is worth relating. In the last scene we are presented with the aptheosis of Mar guerite, or, iu plain English, her transforma tion fiom the " earth earthy" to a cherebnm. We see her rising from the stage in the arms of a couple or so of angels with wings — any amount of ganze ; a very pretty scene indeed. The critic characterised it as a wretched daub of the painter, and the figures as quite un worthy of Hennings's brush. Now the fact is the figures are all " alive oh !" and their ascent is cleverly managed by stage machi- uoij, ou juubu iui liuu vtuuo ui buottuiutu criticism. I remember a match for this slip in an incident which occurred some years ago. Fausset portrayed on the stage at the Prin cess's several well-known characters, political cr. otherwise. Among them he essayed a portrait of Don, then in the height of his popularity. The next morning a notice ap peared complimenting Fausset on his success in rendering or imitating the living character, and remarking that if the dress had been .more like Don's usual attire the picture would have been perfect. The fact was Fausset was dressed from top to toe in Don's clothes, even to the necktie and hat constantly worn by inm. 4 dare say i snail be believed wnen 4 say the writer of the notice got chaffed a bit. Hospital Sunday , upon the whole was "a great success. Tlmpulpit, the press? and the people took kindly to the idea, but the clerk of the weather acted in a most uncharitable manner. Our volunteers turned out in a gallant style," hut the regular' " brick-fielder" which prevailed all day was too much even for the most enthusiastic in the noble cause of charity. The Royal was a sight to see; ' literally filled to over-flowiDg with people dressed in their., Sunday clothes, the tout ensemble was grand. A good choir sang the Psalms of David, and the Rev. Charles Clark talked in his most poetical style, inhliat highly- pitched piercing voice of his — something like an E flat c-larionet — and everybody looked pleased. The collection produced a respect able sum, 'although I certainly thought a much larger would have been realised ' in the theatre. The value of the numerous con trivances for egress was apparent on Sunday nigh i. The enormous crowd got out and dispersed as easily as they would from 'an op-u air meeting. The course taken by Father O'Malley in dfnouueiug the State schools on that day has been'' pretty 'freely commeu'ed upon here, and universally condemned as most inopportune to s.iy the least of it. Priestly inti lsrance can no Linger withstand the spread ot enlighten ment more than can the shades of night the rising sun. Priestcraft would be much more respected if it submitted quielly to its inevitable fate, and did not at'.c-mpt an in effectual struggle with iis destiny. Thinking men, enlightened by even too much knowledge, as is within the roach 'of humanity, reject with siora the tricks of by-gone times resorted to ia order to take the reason captive, so thai a chosen few bandied together might be enabled to fatten upon nn ignorant and grossly supcr.-titious people ; unqurs.ioned men will no longer submit to be dragooned into com pliance, so they must be frightened into it. "For modes of faith let. senselsss zealots fight; " ' Llis can't tie wrong whose lite is in tlie right. In my last I alluded to the fact that I had seen some Chinese poetry, which I was as sured by a learued Chinaman is a close trans lation of the original. I venture to. send you another stanza from tho same poem— a dis ci iption of London — there are several others in the same strain which may find favor, if sent among other gossip, with your readers. The following is the Celestial traveller's opinion of the country he visited, and the p oole among whom he travelled : — "Their fertile hills, adorn'd with richest luxuriance Resemble, in the outline of their summits, the arch'd eyebrows (of a fair woman.) The inhabitants are inspired with a respect for the female sex, Who in this land correspond with the fairest features of nature. The young maidens have cheek3 resembling red blossoms, Aud the complexion of their beauties is like the white gem. Of eld has connubial affeation been highly esteemed among them ; Husband and wife delight in mutual har mony." We have got amongst us a lady fid . Well, violinist, I suppose, as there is a lady in the case. The violin is an instrument which, treated properly and caressingly, will dis course elegant music, but if roughly or unskilfully handled, will make drea Iful com plaints. I would rather hear a brass candle stick turned in a lathe than a scraping street fiddler. Perfection on this instrument is only arrived at by great musical genius, by jiatient study and hard practice. Sueii excellence as that displayed on Friday even ing is very rare in the softer sex. She played, too, as if her whole soul and body were in tlie work ; and what is more pleasant in such performances, she played from memory, aud produced effects which roused the audience to li 'pitch of enthusiastic applause that must have been highly gratifying to the fair debutante. The rapidity arid perfect clear ness of tlie presto passages, and the smooth ness and perfect intonation of the slower movements were not only highly artistic, but were rendered with an intelligence of expres sion only to be achieved on tlie violin, and by great artists. Of course, she played " The kct rose of summer " — all good fiddlers do — and of course she brought down the house with lier sweet playing of that beautiful and familiar air. The smoothness of the tone drawn out of the fiddle depends much— in fact, altogether — on the management of the bow, in which art Paganini excelled all then living violinists. A story is told of an amateur Scotch player, who, on hearing the grotesque Italian play, fancied there' must be some superiority in the instrument on winch he played, and so offered a high price for the purchase of it, and obtained the coveted' " hollow box with catgut stretched across it," as Sam Johnson irreverently described it in his dictionary. When Sandy got the box home, he found that like all the,- other boxes in the same shape he had tried, it' commenced to squeak and scratch and groan us usual. He rushed back to the maestro, and accused him of cheating. Swore that .Paganini had changed tlie fiddle. Ah, exclaimed the iras cible Italian, I "can sell my fiddle, hut the blank may he filled according to -fancy, it wasn't very bad— I 'cannot sell my arm. So there is another treat in store when the rail way, &c.; .-r- 'Our hay just now is full of) magnificent ships awaiting our wool season. I apprehend that the bay with its busy life floating- oyer it in all directions will be one of the most pleasing sights to the up-country native who has never seen a ship. A day at Sandridge — fine of course — has ever had charms for the country man on his holiday trip. \ 