The Miner. The latest items of Mining News will be found in oat Telegraphic Clarification. MINING SPECULATIONS. THE downward tendency in the prices of mining shares, which commenced some time since, will not be arrested by the influences likely to follow from recent dis- closures, even were the receipt of ore from the mines more satisfactory than it really is. There is not so much suspicion of the worth of the mines as there is between shareholders of each other, especially by . the investing members in companies of the promoters. And when the public see the difficulty which an ingenious use of legal forms can interpose in the way of justice, as exemplified in a late trial, they will be still less inclined than they were before to embark in investments in which they may be at the mercy of the men who con descend to admit them to liability, and can find only a doubtful redress for any in justice or any fraud in protracted and costly litigation. With regard to the great bulk of the companies which have their workings here and their offices in another colony, it is time that steps should be taken to place matters upon something like a straight forward and honest footing. The registra tion of nine-tenths of these companies here is a farce, ensuring at best but a nominal liability on the part of the initiating specu lator, which could only be enforced, if at all, by legal proceedings, which, in the face of what appeared at the trial of the case of Baykes v. Osborxe, any man who had money left to spend would be a great fool to enagage in. A shrewd and not very scrupulous discoverer may select a piece of ground at the minimum of cost to himself; may with those who are in the secret attach what value they please to the discovery; may forthwith float a company of, say .£lOO,OOO nominal capital, .£70,000 paid up promoters shares; may by a judicious distribution of a portion of these secure decent figure-heads to the concern; and may at a time of great speculation get the remaining .£30,000 taken up. The contributed capital may be sufficient to so far open the mine as to give some ground for favorable reports, in which, by a cautious and misty use of specimens and prospects, the probability of large profit may be indicated. The subscribing share holders are naturally unwilling to transfer, and the promoting ones know it to be their interest to wait. A few nominal transac tions in the other colony help only to heighten quotations, and bye-and-by when opportunity of a sale here occurs it is availed of. The approval of the directors to transfers is necessary, and they are to be found only in Sydney or in Melbourne. If in the interval between a sale here and the formal notification to them there, prices show a rise, nothing so easy to the pro moting directors as a refusal; if prices oscillate, nothing so easy as delay; if they fall, then what more delightful or more consonant with the strictest business promptitude, than an immediate approval. That we take to be the rationale of the whole procedure in ninety-nine out of a hun dred of the companies with large promoters paid up capitals, having their real business offices in Sydney and a registered dummy to wag in people's faces here; and until theses companies are placed on a sound legal and commercial footing in this colony, those who hold shares in them here would be very foolish to pay any more calls upon them, or to take up any more contributors' shares. Certainly there have been some curious illustrations of mining proprieties, or rather of their appreciation, in Brisbane lately, even in the companies which have a local habitation. The proposal on the part of certain promoters, that the working expenses of a company should be paid out of calls, and the whole proceeds of the mine devoted to dividends, was one of those stretches of ingenuity which require to be seen before obtaining belief. It was analogous to assuming that a storekeeper's gross sales represented his profits—an assumption hardly likely to find acceptance with his creditors, and neither in equity nor in law had it even the ghost of a justification. We suppose we shall hear a little more of these devices to extend profits as time goes on, and the lawyers must be in a rather excited state of anticipation. The yield from Stanthorpe is increasing. A more satisfactory method of working is gaining ground, and there seems reason to anticipate a profitable re sult in many of the enterprises which have been set on foot; but there is no doubt that some simpler form of definitely arranging disputes than any at present available is required for our mining and share-dealing transactions. Iv England, buyers and sellers have the pro tection of the Stock and Share Exchanges. The strict rules and the more strict enforce ment of them by the various committees of these institutions impose great care upon the brokers, and thus necessitate something like a decent basis upon the undertakings which are allowed to be quoted on the market. Here we have no such institution, nor is it likely that we can have. But the attention of our legis lators might well be given to the constitu tion of the French tribunals of commerce, whose forms and practice would supply much that would be readily available for the prompt and cheap settlement of dis putes. We do not hesitate to say that the whole case of Baykes v. Osboene would have been equitably settled on the Stock Exchange in five minutes; and were such a tribunal as that we have alluded to avail able here, could have been settled by that in half an hour after the written state ments of both sides had been before it. 