EXTRAORDINARY OUTRAGE IN BALLARAT EAST. About 7 or 8 o'clock on Saturday evening a butcher named Peuhalluriack, residing In King street, went to the Eastern station and informed Sergeant Larner that all the windows in his house were being smashed in by some mysterious agency; that up to that time twenty- three panes had been broken, and although himself and many of his neighbors had been on the watch, they had been unable to discover the perpetrator of the outrage. What made the occurrence the more alarming was that his wife lay ill in bed, having been confined only a day or two since. Constable Smith was immediately despatched to the house, where he found matters as described by Penhalluriaok. The windows were partly boarded up, and blankets hung in front of them but, strange to say, even whilst Smith was in the house, two or three panes were broken. When he went into the front room, a pane was broken at the back; when he went to the back, another pane was smashed in the front window. The affair caused a good deal of sensation in the neighborhood, and crowds of people surrounded the premises-everybody being on the alert, but nobody able to detect the agency by which the windows were broken before their eyes. The only persons who were in the houes whilst most of the smashing was going on were Mrs Thomas, the nurse, and a servant girl named Percifone Jouva. Tho former was in close attendance on her patient; but the latter, a young woman of about twenty, was doing the household work, and states that she had several narrow escapes of being struck by the stones, some of which came bouncing into the room just as she was entering it. One or two of the stones on being picked up were warm, as though they had been carried in some person's pocket. The Courier since reports that the perpetrator of the mysterious smashing has been discovered. The servant girl, Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Court on Monday morning, and was interrogated by Sergeant Larner as to the window- breaking in her master's house. She gave very shifty answers, but stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Suspicion. however, had fallen upon her, and detective Highland paid a visit to the house. In her absence the dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, and some water worn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had caused so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after considerable hesitation and much prevarication, ahb admitted that she just broke two of the panes out of a Iark!. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Larner arrived, and she made a clean breast of it, and said that she smashed the whole of the windows, without the aid of an accomplice. After her confession, the girl was taken to her own home by her mother. Her father is a Greek, following the occupation of a miner, and is not at present in Ballarat. During Sunday and Monday hundreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there' was considerable excite- ment in the neighborhood STnue. SosTr:' DIVOnoRE' cnse is likely to! come again before the courts. An application, under somewnhat unusual circumstances, was: yesterlday made to- their honors the juidges of tlie Suptemo Court for a now trial, on yho, grounde of newly.diadovercd evidence and surprise. An aflidavit, which lad been sworn to by maon named' William Johnso'n,' was partly read 'by Mr Ireland in' siiport of the ppliation. i i tlhis it' wie? sserted thet furiný the trial, Mr Johnson, who ,w?s net matorial witinos for .tlie poiitioner; had been induced to accopalnyi aman named Doniovan to the; Saupreme'.O'iutr Hotel, hlire, in a' room there, he observed the rospa'ndeiit, .the co-respondent, and a woman talking together. 'Thce'latter asked hiim to haIno i drink, and after having ,partaken:. of two. 'glasaes of brandy, she next persuaded him.to..enter a cab; and he waas then driven off; where ho did not knowv,as ho became unconscious. 'He found himself the same evening at aui hotel. on Oole'si wharf, and'remained there for'tho night. .,On thelfollowing filorning 'ho' found that thli case for the petitioner had closed. The further evidence of tliis witness was not read in court; by consent, and it was accord-,, ingly handed in 'to their ;honors. 'Theio vore sev'ii':flfidavita'":sworn, on ivhich the application rested. One:o tfiese was by,'a" Dr 'Fergusoibof leiandra, Whio wds s'tateil to be able to give very important ovidoene' fromt admiaslons made ;to him by the co respondent. ' A woman.l named , Sussanah Greig was .aleso: staioedto' b. daUebloe to ,give matoriiil oividend.', .Their' Hdriors 'resorved their''adcis;i6n(--^·~:bt;''lpt;'Jul; ': ' ^ 