[ ONe Sottes iUîlotuitts develop THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1873. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. Samuel laid upon the table the Census of 1871, further correspondence in reference to Border Customs, and regulations for Promoting Immigration. It was ordered that the documents be printed. Messages were received from the Governor, notify- ing that his Excellency, in the name of her Majesty, had given assent to the Stamp Act Extension Bill, and to the Penny's Estates Bill. The Railway Loan Bill was received from the Assembly, and on the motion of Mr. Samuel read a first time. On Mr. Samuel's motion for the third reading of the Government Railway Act Amendment Bill, the recommittal was agreed to on motion by Sir "WV . Mankind, for the consideration of a petition against the measure. Mr Samuel stated that it would cost £29,000 to make the fences of existing lines and ex tensions sheep proof. After some discussion on the question, whether the Government or the landowners should bear the expense, the debate was adjourned to this day. The adjourned debate on the motion for the second reading of the Friendly Societies Act was resumed by Mr. Oakley, who urged against the bill, that it would make the present laws, which, were a disgrace to us, more difficult of application. He recommended the withdrawal of the bill and the appointment of a Parliamentary select committee to consider and report upon the whole question of friendly societies, whose importance deserved attention and careful legislation. After some remarks from Sir William Manuka and Mr. Samuel the debate was adjourned to this day. The Navigation Act Amendment Bill was recom- mitted, and amended in some minor particulars. The following resolution, moved by Mr. Daulby and opposed by Mr. Samuel, was carried without division : " That the following members were those who, upon a motion made on the second of this month upon the first reading of the bill received from the Legislative Assembly, entitled, An Act to Amend the Constitution Act, and to provide for the representation of the people in the Legislative Council, voted in favour of Mr. Ducker's import ment for the omission of all the words following the word, ' that in order to the addition of the words ' This Council declines to take into consideration any bill repealing those sections of the Constitu- tion Act which provide for the constitution of the Legislative Council, unless such bill be originated in this Chamber, that is to say: Messrs. Busby, Byrnes, John Campbell. Alexander Campbell, Charles Campbell, Chisholm, Cox, Darley, Docker, Gordon, Holt, Lord, Sir, William Macarthur, Sir William Manning, Messrs. Moore, Ogilvie, Owen, Park, Russell, Deas 1 Thomson, Weekes, and that the member who voted upon the side of the ayes was Mr. Samuel, the Postmaster-General." Isler's Estate Bill was read a second time, and passed through committee without amendment. The Commons' Regulation Bill was further considered in committee, but no clause was passed before progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again. The House, at twenty-two minutes " past 9, and journed to this day (Thursday, In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday. Ministers stated in answer to questions I. That a sum of £300 would be expended in erecting a cause- way in the room of the old Menangle Bridge, which was swept away by the late flood. 2. That a bill would be introduced to give effect to the resolution of the House, of February 25th, relative to the Protestant and Roman Catholic Orphan Schools. 3. That a bill would be introduced early next session, to amend and extend the Electoral Act. Captain Onslow moved the adjournment of the House, for the purpose of referring to matters connected with the report of the Select Committee on the Civil Service. The hon. member condemned the Government for evading a debate on the report on Friday, and he read portions of the evidence given before the Committee, to prove that a special inquiry into the Railway department was required in the interest of the officials who honestly did their duty. Mr. Weamnb denied statements made by Mr. Moody before the committee, to the effect that he (Mr. Wearne) had interfered with the railway service, and he said he believed the railways were badly managed. Mr. Hoskins thought the Government ought to reply to the charges of Mr. Byrnes and Mr. Moody, as they went to the extent of affirming that the Railway Department employed more men than were required, and that the Traffic Manager could not perform his duty properly owing to the improper exercise of political influence ; but he (Mr. Hoskins) was opposed to the suggestion that the patronage of the department should be given over to a Commissioner for Railways, or to any other irresponsible officer who would, in his opinion, be more likely than a responsible Minister to abuse the authority. Mr. Lucas would not take the responsibility of the appointments out of the hands of the Minister, and he could not see any necessity for a Commissioner of Railways, who would be only a Traffic Manager under a more pretentious title. He was in favour of an inquiry into the Railway Department, because he thought that Mr. Moody's representations that members of Parliament had interfered with him should be tested, and also because he was of opinion that the number of employés of the department could be reduced. Mr. Forster remarked upon the circumstance that no Minister had taken part in the debate, and he expressed a doubt' as to whether any advantage was to be gained by discussing the state of the Railway Department on a motion for the adjournment of the House. Mr. Garrett urged that the Government ought to enter into an explanation of the charges made by tore the Committee. Mr. Parkes could not See how the Government could be expected to discuss a report which had been condemned by the House by a large majority. If the hon. member for Camden (Captain Onslow) had made a substantive motion, it could have been dealt with, but the report consisted of rambling and unconnected statements, which were not worth considering and it appeared to him (Mr. Parkes) that the Committee had not been of much use, except to enable the hon. gentleman to give vent to his malevolence against some parties. " If he (Mr. Parkes) had been Minister for Works when Mr. Moody gave evidence before the committee he should have suspended that officer, but perhaps his colleague had acted more wisely ; Mr. Moody was at present away on leave of absence, and was confined to his bed, but the Government would have to consider his conduct, as his statement that he was afraid to perform his duty was the strongest evidence which could be given of his unfitness for his office. J Mr. ROBERTSON thought that the charges of Mr. Moody, were not to be relied upon, and was glad the Government intended to call that gentleman to account. Captain Onslow replied, and the motion. for adjourn- ment was put and negatived. Messages were received from his Excellency the Governor, announcing that he had given the Royal assent to the Postage Stamp Extension Bill, and also to the Perry Estate Bill. Mr. Paiixfb laid on the table part 6 of the Census which was ordered to be printed. The hon. gentleman also gave notice of his intention to move to-day (Thursday) that Government business shall on Tuesday next take precedence of private business, and, that the order of the day for the adoption of the report on the Superannuation Act Repeal Bill, shall be restored to the paper, and stand an order of the day for Tuesday. Mr. R.U'HAri, moved the adjournment of the House to deprecate the practice of discussing the business of the Railway Department so frequently iii the House. The motion was negatived. Mr. J.i-o-iD moved the second reading of the Funded Stock Bill, which would authorise the Government to raise a loan of £509,780 for public works and other public purposes by means of stock funded in the colony. This was the first time that the ? principle of ruining a loan by 'funded stock in the colony had been proposed. It had hitherto been thought that it was not desirable to have such stock, as it was held that their local capital was all required for purposes of business ; but here was now such a large amount of money awaiting an est in but that funded stock would be convenient for ljuitiiiuieia ii st funds, and money lying idle at the disposal of executors of estates and many others. The interest would be at the rate of four per cent, per annum, and the stock would be inscribed in Government ledgers, kept in three separate establishments, as a protection against casualties by fire. The second reading was agreed to, and the House then went into committee on the bill. Clause I, authorising the loan of £509,780 to be raided was moved, and a debate took place on the item of £20,000 towards providing new public offices in which several hon. members took part. Mr. Garrett moved the omission of the item of £50,009 for in migration, which was negatived by 18 to 8. the clause was then put and agreed to. Clauses 2 to 6 inclusive were passed with but little con- merit. Clauses 7 and 8, in reference to the issue of certificates and the negotiation of loans through agents, were withdrawn after debate. The remaining clauses were passed, with verbal amer admits in classes 12 and 15. A new clause, moved by Mr. Li.oyivautriorising the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council to deposit borrowed money at interest until required, was carried by 18 to 2. The bill was then reported with amendments. ' Mr. Parkes intimated that the Border Duties Bill would be the measure that would first be proceeded with by the Government to-day. The House adjourned at 10.47 p m. to 4 parting day (Thursday). The discussion on the case of M'Croyv drew out Mr. Forster to expatiate on Constitutional law. We have already heard him upon the' same subject. I've left the Cabinet of Sir John Young (Lord Lisgar) on one occasion in consequence of the insistance of the Governor to maintain his own view of the obligations of his office. Mr. Forster was extremely angry at this independence of Sir John Young. The point was important, because upon the interpretation of his duty depended in a great measure the responsibility of his position. Indeed there are some circumstances connected with the case which would have made his interference with the course of justice extremely improper. Mr. Forster, believing himself to be responsible for the administration of the law which he could not control, resigned. The opinion of Sir John Young was that he himself was responsible to the Crown personally for the remission of pens! ties, and that it was not in the power of his Ministry to overrule his convictions. He is instructed to give great weight to the advice of the Executive Council, and in a case of dissenting from it, at the earliest opportunity to transmit to the Crown his reasons for the course he might adopt. But his duty to follow his own deliberate judgment, notwithstanding the opinion of his Ministers, is clearly stated, and laid down as imperative. Ministers have at all times the power of re- signing, and they are able therefore to relieve themselves from personal responsibilities; but it has been deemed extremely dangerous to entrust capital punishment to the discretion of any Ministry, or to make a Governor a mere instrument in their hands. miss discretion has been held from very early tim en, and not without cause. In America, political animosities led on several occasions to capital convictions, which, would have been carried out if the parties had possessed the power. ' Not very long ago a missionary was condemned to death for preaching a sermon which was supposed to promote rebellion. We do not know what might happen any day during the exasperation of a party led on by a reckless Ministry, nor is it deemed safe to grant pardons at the discretion of a Ministry without the approval of the Judge and the Governor responsible for his conduct to the Crown. Mr. Forster, however, thinks that the obligation of a Minister to insist upon his opinion is equivalent to the right of dictation, and that this indeed is the proper complement of responsible government, without which it would be ineffectual. He therefore insists that the power of carrying out a capital sentence belongs to a people through their representatives. On this point we are entirely at issue with politicians of his order. It seems to us that they utterly mistake their position as subjects of the Crown; that it assigns to them a jurisdiction which they never had or were intended to have, and that they confound limited legislative powers with executive independence. The Parliament of England never intended to confer this sovereign power, or to raise in the British Empire co-ordinate administrations of equal authority The colonial Ministry has its rights and duties, but it has been often misled by names and by the notion that an office called in Courtesy by the same title as an Imperial Government has therefore the powers which belong to it. Thus our fast men always address the Crown in the imperative mood, and it is fortunate if the terms of command are softened by the tone of subordination. We are not to base a colonial Government on the claims of a revolutionary State, but we have certain things which we are entitled to do either by statute or acknowledged custom, although for every act we are liable to be called to account by the Judges, who are above and independent of us. Let any Ministry try, as in some well-known instances, to subordinate the Courts of Justice to political com- binations, and they will find after all that the Crown is stronger than the Colonial Secretary, and that the Parliament of England, including the Crown, rules over all. We may, indeed) floutijh and fight in words, and draw logical inferences from the premises we set up ourselves; but although a feeble English Ministry may compromise all Imperial duties and obligations when they have created a crisis, they will be unable to assure a dominion. It is said that the Government that possesses the power of the purse is supreme. But does our local Government possess that power ? There is a large section of the Blue Book which limits it sufficiently large to preserve the actual existence of government as an organization if there were no Ministry. The warrant of the Governor is necessary to secure the pay voted by the Appropriation Act. These conditions imposed were intended to limit, not only the present discretion of those who are in power, but to take out of that power a sufficient revenue to maintain the high officers of administration, and to assure them an interval against the violence of popular aggression. Sorry should we be to see the day when a small community like this should have the power of life and death unrestrained, when the representatives of the Queen should be released from all obliga- tions to protect her subjects against illegal violence. The Crown did not give over several thousands of people to any such caprice, or subject them to the will of any chance Ministry who might come into the possession of office nobody knows how. They are still entitled to the protection of the Judges, against Ministers, and to the Governor's protection against even the Judges, should they aspire to any illegal authority. If these were not a part of the prerogatives of the Governor, it Is difficult to see in what way his office could be tithes honourable to himself or beneficial to the Empire. There is a strong tendency, particularly in men of colonial education, to speak of everything as, our Government, our land, our customs, our courts, in the sense of a proprietary inheritance. This was more in harmony with the condition of the old colonies of America, although it became ultimately fatal to the legal and necessary authority of the Crown. No doubt it will be more symmetrical to declare a responsible Ministry an absolute governing power; but we should much rather live under an authority with considerably less discretion. The Act to regulate public vehicles in the city and police district of Sydney is a measure intended to promote the safety and comfort of those who travel in omnibuses and hackney carriages. It gives ample power to the Commissioners to bring about a great improvement in the street traffic of the city and suburbs ; but the realisation of the object contemplated will greatly depend upon the way in which the Act is administered. Advertisements issued by candidates for the office of elective Commissioner show how seriously our public men mistrust each other, and that there is some danger of failure from a miserable spirit of localism. This is in direct opposition to the spirit of the Act, the chief value of which is, that it embraces in its operation not the city of Sydney only, but the entire Metropolitan and Police District. It is the beginning of legislation in regard to municipalities which will include larger areas, and place matters relating to the public health and convenience beyond the immediate influence of little knots of men interested in the preservation of local abuses. If it should - work satisfactorily, it may soon be followed by a proposition to establish a Metropolitan Board of. Health, which is much needed, and in regard to which the interests of the citizens are as much involved as those of suburban residents. The proceedings of the Metropolitan Transit Commissioners will therefore be watched with more than ordinary interest. If they perform their work honestly and with a fair appreciation of what is due to the public, the labour they will have to perform will be out of all proportion to the small remuneration which the Act provides, and they will render a most important public service. The board consists of three Commissioners who are empowered to carry out the provisions of the Act. The Mayor of Sydney and the Iksfector-Gehe'ra.1. of Police hold office ex opera. The former represents the City interests, which are larger than those of the suburbs generally, inasmuch as nearly all the suburban omnibuses have a terminus in Sydney. The latter represents the only power which can effectively enforce the by-laws and t regulations of the Commissioners for the control of the street traffic. The third Commissioner, who was chosen yesterday, represents specially the interests of suburban residents, and his election is an acknowledgment of a right, which until recently has been for the most part disregarded. . It is only fair to admit that during the past twelve months a great improvement has been brought about in the condition and management of omnibuses and hackney carriages. Possibly the changes which will be made by the Commissioners will not be so striking as the improvements which have been already effected ; but if the three Commissioners work zealously together, much may be done to still further enhance the safety and comfort of the travelling public. Whatever may be said concerning matters of patronage or power, it is evident that in the accomplishment of the main objects of the Act the interests of the city and suburban representatives are identical. The question of license-fees and their appropriation is a secondary consideration. The chief object is not a fair apportionment of the revenue derived from public vehicles in fact, it is not one of revenue at all except so far as to obtain sufficient money to pay the expenses of the Commission, and the cost of supervision. There is no reason why a license-fee should be imposed upon omnibuses any more than, upon private carriages, except that which is based on the necessity and cost of supervision and regulation; and this cost ought to be reduced to a minimum. The Commissioners are empowered to ap- point officers and offices, to make by- laws regulating the mode of licensing and controlling public vehicles, and the drivers and conductors thereof, as well as to appoint and regulate public stands for the same within the police district of Sydney. These by-laws will requite the confirmation of the Governor, and are to be laid before both Houses of Parliament. I he Commissioners may fix and appoint the hours within which owners and drivers, and conductors, shall exercise their calling-the ages at which drivers and con- ductors may be employed, and the badges (if for) clothing, or uniform, they shall wear, and many other matters relating to the size and appointment of omnibuses, and generally to regulate all other matters and things connected with the good government, management, and regulation of vehicles plying for hire as before mentioned." It is to be hoped that in framing these by-laws the Commissioners will take a comprehen- she view of their duty to the public, and that such provisions will be made as to render the regulations easy of enforcement-that is, easy to the public who travel. Hitherto, by-law and regulations have been to a great extent a dead letter, because the disagreeable duty of prosecuting has been cast on the persons who have been inconvenienced, or whose - safety has been endangered. The police have not taken cognisance of many irregularities, nor do they at the present time, except in extreme cases. As an illustration of the kind of laxness referred to it may be mentioned that municipal regulations are habitually disregarded. Most of the municipalities have by-laws requiring that vehicles travelling in the night time shall carry a light. But large numbers of drays and market carts may be found on almost any night lumbering along in the darkness generally on the wrong side of the road, and sometimes with their drivers half asleep-to the imminent peril of persons in lighter vehicles, who may be driving in a contrary direction; and what is more remarkable, these vehicles may be noticed in twos and threes passing unchallenged by policemen on duty. It ought to be the duty of the police to take cognisance of these things without having their attention specially directed thereto. And so in regard to omnibuses when they are overcrowded, or when there is any other clear breach of the regulations. A very salutary arrangement would be that passengers should be able to call the attention of the police to any infraction o' rule with the assurance that proceedings would then be taken against the offending driver or conductor or company, without requiring sacre like of time on the part of the passenger complaining, except his evidence were absolutely necessary to substantiate the charge. Many of the omnibuses are now well made and well appointed, but there are still cures which are too narrow, and overcrowding a common. Men and women are often packed together in a manner which elsewhere would be J considered highly indecorous. But there is a still more important matter that requires regulation, and which has been hitherto entirely disregarded. It relates, not so much to drivers and conductors, as to members of the public who are careless in regard to the spread of contagious and infectious diseases. In England this danger is guarded against by the Sanitary Act, which, in substance, provides that "if any person suffering from any dan- gerous infectious disorder shall enter any public conveyance without previously notifying to the owner or driver thereof that he was so suffering, he shall, on conviction thereof before any justice, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and shall also be ordered by such justice to pay to such owner and driver all the losses and expenses they may suffer in carrying ;"?« paper the provisions of the Act." In this city there have been instances of persons just recovering from such diseases being taken into public vehicles. A few months ago a child, whose appearance denoted that scarlet fever had scarcely left her, was taken into a crowded omnibus ! Sufficient attention has not hitherto been paid to this branch of legislation, and probably, now that a commencement has been made, we may before long have not only Metropolitan Transit Commissioners, but also a Local Board of Health, embracing the whole metropolitan district. Such a Board would find plenty of work to do, and might be the means of greatly reducing the tables of mortality. s 2 2s We hope that the new Commissioners will sink all petty jealousies, and that they will enter on their duties not with any intention to deal tyrannically with the proprietors of licensed coaches and hackney carriages, but with an earnest desire to secure the objects for which the Public Vehicles Regulation Bill was passed by the Legislature. SPECiAL Adjourn si knt. - Mr. Parkes gave notice in the Legislative At- sciiihly yesterday of a motion to the effect that the House, at its rising- to-day, adjourn until Tuesday next, when it is his desire that the Government luminous should take precedence Superannuation Act Repeal. says-The Premier has given notice of his intention to move that this bill, which lapsed through the House being counted out, be restored to the paper, and stand an order of the day for Tuesday next. District Court-loth April-Oa.Sa. Motions: Jones v. Norton, Moore v. Gutliths, Reynolds v. Howitt, M'Auliffe v. M'Lenii, Bornstein v. Shiran,' Henderson v. Coman, O'Neil v. Bleakey, Tarzan v. Gunnell, Coates v. Campbell, Walsh v. Mitchell, Rogers v. Turner, Elworthy T. Burrows, Stork v. Brown. Bohearings : Jones v. Elliott, Reeve v. Von Dyke. New trial motion : Bolle v. Sandon. Interpleader : Thompson v. King, Smith claimant. Instalment motion : Butler and another v, Condon. Causes: Bourke-v. Jones,"Woolcottv. Shorter, Gallagher v. Martin, School v. Bauer, Brown v.' Kavanagh and others. Tattersall's Club. - A special general meeting of the members of Tattersall's Club took place last evening at Tattersall's Hotel, Mr. R. B. Robins in the chair. The meeting had been convened for tho purpose of taking into consideration the conduct of the bookmaker, Wallis, who has lately been expelled from many clubs in Victoria for an alleged attempt to bribe a jockey, and the result of the ballot was that "Wallis was expelled the club. No other business was transacted, and very little speculation took place upon the events to be decided at Randwick next week:.- Loup " Caron was hardly so firm for the St. Leger, and 2 to 1 was offered, while 3 and 4 to one 1" were freely offered against Patriarch and Commodore respectively.,. The following were the ruling prices for the Sydney Cup : ' 100 to 14 each v. Reprieve and Dagworth : 100 to 10 v. Priam ; 100 to 8 v. Vixen ; 100 to 7 v. The Prophet and McCallum Mohr. ' Australian Jockey Club. We have been requested to draw attention to an advertisement notifying that members of the above club can receive their tickets upon application to the secretary, Mr. T. S. Clibborn. The Abbott was scratched for the Trial Stakes on Tuesday at 11 a.m., and at the same hour Peppercorn was struck out of the St. Leger. M. ItouKEL, Bille, and Mdllk Clauses few days ago three musical artists arrived in Sydney from Europe -Mademoiselle Claus (a violinist), M. Rookol (a pianist and composer), and hiRdnughter (a vocalist). It may not be generally known in Sydney that one of the trio hold in Europe a very high position, that is Mdlle. Claus. This lady is a violinist of great skill, and a most accomplished musician, having several times performed in the Beethoven quartette of Chamber Concerts given in London and Paris. She is a pupil of the celebrated Vieuxtemps, and is a (first prize taken of the Conservatoire of Paris. The name of M. Rocket is familiar to the musical portion of the public hero through his chaste and popular compositions-and he has the reputation . of a good pianist and clover accompanyist in, addition. Mdlle. Rooke], though young, is an experienced and sterling artist, and sings in four languages she possesses a fine soprano voice, cultivated to a high degree of excellence. It is the intention of M. Rocket and his companions its voyage to give concerts in Sydney, when a suitable room can be obtained and from the ability they undoubtedly possess, and the experience they have had in the best school of train- ings the cities of Europe it may be fairly presumed those concerts will not only be entertaining and attractive, but also of great benefit to the residents of the colonies by giving greater impetus to the desire for hearing the boat music by artists capable of interpreting it. Morton Amateur Dramatic Society. This society gave a dramatic entertainment at the Masonic Hall, last night, which passed off very successfully, both a regards the acting and the attendance. The entertainment commenced with the comedy entitled " Little Mather," which passed off as well as could be wished. The performance terminated with the farce, " To Paris and back for £5." At the end of the comedy a call was made before the curtain. The entertainment was enlivened by the society's orchestra. t A White-On Thursday last, a person named Stephen Richardson, residing at Broulee), found a boat waterlogged about a quarter of a mile out at sea, at Burra warrah, on the Broulee side of Bateman's Bay. He h wain out to the boat, and brought it ashore and by means of bullocks dragged it above high water mark. Police sergeant Hitch who saw it shortly afterwards, describes it as follows It is a ship's jolly boat nearly new, 23 feet over all, and 6 feet beam. It is painted red outside, and white and red inside ; while the seats are red and white. It has a square stern, and hears no name. The middle seat is missing. Two oars and the unit are lashed to the thwarts. It is built ship fashion and caulked, but has no lining. It has been constructed of Kauri pine. From the manner in which the hides were covered with barnacles, it is conjectured that the boat must have been at sea for about three months. She is now in the possession of the Moruya police awaiting an owner. Rifle Shooting A rifle match, between the Newington College and King's School Cadet Corps, took place at the Newington Rifle Range on Saturday last. The match was won by the Newington College Corps. The ranges were 200, 400, and 600 yards, with General Hay rifles. DrillmnBtor Lees was. present and- rendered valuable assistance The scores were Newington College Cadet Corps, 331 ; King's School Cadet Corps, 298. Busn Fires. Several disastrous bush fires have been raging in the neighbourhood of Hay within the past few days, causing numerous instances of losses of fencing, notwithstanding the efforts which have been made to prevent the fires taking hold upon it. Some two miles of brush fencing (says the Hay Standard) were destroyed noon the boundary between Sandy Creek find Pomingalarna and upon the former station Mr. Poulson has lost in addition, about three-quarters of a mile of now chock-and-log fencing. In addition to the loss of a considerable quantity of grass, we learn that about fourteen miles of fencing were burned on Wantabadgery. Prom linnony Kareenya we also hear of losses.' All the station hands were out during two days, and the line was ultimately got under, but not until the above damage had been effected. Presbyterian The foundation stone of a Presbyterian Church was laid at Morowollon, in the Goulburn district, by Miss Ranken, on Monday afternoon. and afterwards a social meeting was hold. Miss Riiakon said, I lay this the foundation-stone of the Presbyterian Church at Morowolliii, in the name of the Father and of my Son and of the Holy Ghost." She then turned towards those present and said,-" I can assure you the laying of this one has given me real pleasure. It cannot fail to be a subject of rejoicing in the heart of every one flint a house, for the public worship of Oesel is so soon to be erected on this n]>or,--another roof of the good old tree of Sc'otbiUil to be planted in Australia." Though far from the land of its birth, let us do our utmost to nourish and strengthen it; so that by God's blessing' it may grow and flourish, and year by year spreads its branches' nearer heaven. At the same time let us preserve a liberal and kindly feeling towards other communions, knowing that we all strive for the same great end the glorification of our God. - The honour con- tended em me to-day I feel to be a great one ; but my words are weak to express my feelings, so I shall conclude with, the pay cellist God may bless the laying of this, stone." , Errata. Two errors' in names occur in the paragraph in yesterday's paper respecting the Valedictory meeting at Surry Hills Wesleyan Church. In the fourth one from the end "Murphy" should be, Massey ; and in my following Uno " Mobsoy " should, be Morley. 5 v. ?.,-,'.'. f*..4 r. I i ,,;,-. ' t ?', Asylum for Inebriates. - Many of our readers are aware that a general canvass for contributions is now being made in the city and suburbs, in aid of the formation of an asylum for inebriates, As a preliminary step a draft constitution has been issued. It was published in the Australian Churchman, of Saturday last, together with appeals from the Rev. Mr. Cave, and the Rev. Mr. Webb, asking for public support. The object of the insti- tute, as set forth in the " Constitution," is to form an asy- him for the medical and moral treatment of inebriates " without respect to class or creed" and explains that V by (in inebriate be it understood one who, whilst in other respects same, has become so physically and morally vitiated through the continued abuse of intoxicants us to render him amenable to the ordinary methods of recovery." The methods of management are to be as follows : " The ¡ inmates shall be divided into classes, male and female, having accommodation according to their ability to pay for it which payment must be tendered months in advance, Patients who are unable to pay will be admitted on the condition that, if able to do so, they will work-the surplus of their gains, after subtracting the cost of mainto- ? nance, to be remitted to their families, or reserved for themselves on discussion. No person to he admitted without signing a bond (proportioned in value to his means) to remain for at least months in the institution. The asylum shall be under the immediate control of a medical superintendent." A glance at this scheme will at once recommend itself to the public, on whose liberality the members of the committee are dependent for funds. Mr. Joseph Pax- P. ton is hon. treasurer, and Rev. Allan Webb honorary secretary. i Live Stock The report on the live stock in the colony for the year 1872 has been prepared by the Acting-Chief Inspector, and presented to Parliament. The returns of sheep show an increase upon the previous year by 1,107,684. On looking down the numbers for the last twelve years there has been a steady increase with one exception, that of 1870, which was chiefly caused from drought, when there was a decrease of 1912-13 upon the previous year. The lambing season of 1872 was not up to the average, owing principally to last winter being very severe, and the ewes being in low condition. However the averages' show for the whole colony 683 per cent. As to the season's clip, the returns of the inspectors report very favourably, both as regards quantity and quality ; the highest average being- from the districts of wentworth, Balranald, Hay, Deniliquin, and Menindie and the lowest from the Mudgee, Eden, Braidwood, Carcoar, and Albury districts. The number of imported sheep during 1872 was 1803, of which 1275 were merino, 148 Lincoln, 1 Cotswold, 20 Negrcfti, 7 South Downs, 251 Leicester, and 6 Romney Marsh. The inspector reports an improvement in the quality of the sheep throughout the colony ; he also speaks well of the paddocking system. The utmost vigilance has been exercised by inspectors and boundary riders to prevent sheep disease being introduced. Of the scab, our flocks at present are free ; of catarrh the whole year has passed without its appearance; six districts have been affected by the Cumberland disease the yellows has only appeared in some of the Upper Murray; the red- water slightly in four districts; the grass seed has been prevalent in ton districts; the dogs' nuisance still troubles the flockmasters, and legislation on this point is required. On this subject a very interesting, and perhaps instructive, tabulated return is drawn up by the inspectors, showing the losses from native and tame dogs in various districts, together with the sheepowners' opinions as to the best means of extirpating them. Another return shows the districts in which footrot, fluke, and worms have been prevalent among the sheep, viz., 24 from footrot, 12 from fluke, and 11 from worms. There appear to have been no to rams sent in of the number of cattle; but an estimate of the various breeds is published which shows, in round numbers, that there are 1,214,500 shorthorns, 135,000 Herefords, and 3000 Devons. To which the inspectors report that " the cattle throughout the colony are very much improving. This appears to have been brought about by the introduction of good bulls, both imported and from the herds of our stock-breeders, combined with fencing-in runs, which has made a marked improvement in the cattle." A tabulated return is given of the number of cattle affected with pleuro-pneumonia during the last outbreak of the disease, and the results in the inoculated and innoculated herds. The reports upon the diseases and ailments of cattle are very favourable. As regards the horse stock of the colony the returns show an increase, and the reports state that no disease of an epidemic or contagious nature has been noticed during the past year." On the whole the report is very encourag- ing. Wesleyan Church, Windsor A valedictory tea and public meeting, to bid farewell to Mr. Brant Hall, whose usual term of ministration in this circuit has expired, was held on Monday evening. Tea was served up at 6 o'clock in the spacious schoolroom, and was well attended. A public meeting commenced at 7, presided over by Mr. John Docker, J.P., and there were several ministers of other denominations on the platform. The meeting was addressed by the Chairman, by the Rev. P. Turner, and the Rev. Messrs. Cameron and Cullen. In tho course of the evening, the Rev. Mr. Brentnall was presented with a marble timepiece, and Mr. Brentnall was also the recipient of a very elegant edition of Dr. Smith's Biblical Dictionary. The rev. gentleman returned thanks for the flattering terms in which he had been spoken of, and also for the kind expressions of those from whom he was about to take his leave. The Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, from Kiama, will succeed I Mr. Brentnall. Daring Theft. On Saturday evening (says the Newcastle Chronicle) the premises of Mrs. Wylie, Watt-street, were visited by a thief of rather an unusual kind. Mrs. Wylie and family were in the sitting-room, after tea, when a large monkey, who had evidently got in I at one of the upstairs windows, came down the stairs, jumped on the table, snatched up a half pound of butter | and made a precipitate retreat by the same way it had entered the house. Chase was given after the burglar, but he made good his escape with the larger portion of his booty. Fire at Mudgee The Western Post reports that a fire broke out between the hours of 6 and 7 o'clock on Sunday evening last, on the premises of Mr. William Adams. Shortly after the church bells had ceased ringing, Mr. Adams, according to his usual custom, went to fetch the Bible to read to his wife, who was a port cot invalid on resuming his seat he was startled with an unusual smell of fire, and upon looking up observed the whole of the roof in a blaze. It appeared that he had held the candle, while looking for the book on the shelf, too close to the calico ceiling, which took fire without his knowledge, and being very dry, blazed up immediately. The roof also, which was of bark, was rendered more inflammable from the fact of being covered over with passion fruit vines, the leaves of which were like so much tinder, and took fire simultaneously. Mr. Adams immediately gave the alarm, and called to the neighbours to assist him in bringing his wife out of danger, whereupon Mr. and Mrs. Woodcroft rushed in and assisted in getting the poor invalid out. By this time the fire had gained too firm a hold on the building, which was of slabs, covered as we before mentioned with a bark roof, to think of saving it. Australias Blowing Mr. Anthony Trollope, in his new work on Australia has the following:-" I suppose that a young people falls naturally into the fault of self adulation. I must say somewhere, and may as well say here as elsewhere, that the wonders performed in the way of riding, driving, fighting, walking, working, drinking, love-making, and speech-making, which men and women in Australia told me of themselves, would have been worth recording in a separate volume, had they seen related by any but the heroes and heroines themselves. But reach ing one as they do, always in the first person, whose stories are soon received as works of a fine art much cultivated in the colonies, for which the colonial phrase of by Ewing has been created. When a gentleman sounds his ear trumpet he ' blows.' The art is perfectly understood and appreciated among the people who practise it. Such a gentleman or such a lady was only ' blowing ! ' You hear it, and hear of it every day. They blow a good deal in Queensland, a. good deal in South Australia. They blow even in poor Tasmania. They blow loudly in New South Wales, and very loudly in New Zealand. But the blast of the trumpet as heading Victoria b louder than all the bl Isis, and the Melbourne blast boats all the other blowing of that proud colony. My first my constant, my parting advice to my Australian cousins is contained in two words Don't blow.' " Uttering Bills of Exoiianqb.-Tho Melbourne -press of Saturday states, a warrant was issued for the arrest of Felix Kabat, a well-known Melbourne stock and slime broker, charging him with having, with intent to defraud, at Melbourne, on the 23rd December last, follow 1 uiouBly altered a certain bill of exchange drawn by him on and accepted by Robert Willan, solicitor, for the sum of £107 100., dated the 23rd December, 1872, and payable three months after date and also with having, with like intent, on or about the 30th December last, feloniously altered another certain bill of exchange drawn by him on and accepted by Robert Willan for 291 10s., dated 30th December, and payable in three months after date. Cricket On Monday last, at the Albert Cricket Ground, a match was played between the Sydney and Victorian Insurance Companies v. Foreign Offices, which resulted in favour of the latter by 74 runs. FOREIGN. First Innings. . Second Innings. Vyner, c Macnish, b Bedford 20 c Clark, b Howe. 9 A. Lculhrf, lbw, b Lord. 10 b Teece .; " St Viper, b Bcrlfoitl . S o Macnab, b Webster. 27 flueleliird, b Lowe st. 2 c Tinley, b Bedford Park, lbw b Pcdtord 9 b Bedfordale JJ. Leather, not out. 0 c Clark, b Bedford. S P. Kettle, b Lowe . Í b Bedford.,.. 6 J. Neild, b Bedford. 3 not out.:. 6 Sundries. I Sundries. I 71 a N. B. Wants A Victorian. First Innings. Second Innings. Webster, b Goninon. 0 b Park. 3 Pollard, b Pink. 1 rumoured Clerk, c Piper, b keanes ... 8' o M idiomatic, b Park. 4 Teece, of and is Park. 4 b Park 23 desires, of U. leather." 8 b Park. i hav, of and li Park. 7 b Letters. 3 Xtncnub, c and b Park. 0 b Park 2.'.. G Hunt, c Goddard, b Park... 6 b Park 2:.... 6 NiMin, rim i at..',. 2 not out... A 'relay, n and think 11 c Park, b Leather..'... 4 Cornwall, not out. 6 st Goddard 0 ' . . . - , Hunter. 1 28 - 89 THE intelligence of the death of the Emperor Napo- leon was received very coldly at the Vatican, and the clerical journals speak very unfavourably of the de- ceased monarch. 