THE FLANEUR IN SYDNEY. ?be startling interruption of tlia prUoner Sconrcc, to He proceedings of the Coroner's inquest on Mrs. Lee Estalay, was well calculated to give an additional . Kontion to this 'already sufficiently sensational case. ?iiras so dramatic that I BhonU not be surprised to \ ?idsome of those modest writers who set up for better ; Bute, soun3er judgment, aEd more profound informa- j E™ iimii !iiw of their coutemnoraries. either disputing , he accuracy of the reporter's notes or pooh-poohing , Be n-liole affair as au attempt to revive the old ; ?iricta of bringing ghosts into court on a j till for alleged murder. It seems that the chemist j ?rujuit giving his evidence with respect totheblood Bhins when the prisoner interrupted him, apparently Iddressnig vacancy, and exclaiming : ' Yon had better Eg on' of that, and not come here shaking your fist at . Ke ! ' For a moment, the idea, of Macbeth addressing j Et ghost of Banqno, or Matcham deprecating the ', fcatli of the ' Dead Drummer' on Salisbury Plain, Ejlj have presented itsejf tithe imagination; but this - ?ttlebitof sensationalism was short-lived,1 for it turned Est that fte daughter of the mnrdered woman was the .' ?urson addressed by the prisoner, and accused , Kjhuu o{ shaking her fist at him, though whether she | Bid bo or not there was no evidence forthcoming to ? ?how. Cut, in any case, thanks to common-sense and like schoolmaster, the day has gone by when an exclama. ?ion of ibis kind could cither be accepted as evidence fcuiast an accused person, or go very much to his ; ?rojudice. It was something like ' trial by touch ' and : tiler tests of that kind, in which a sensitive, nervous Km might exhibit all the indications of guilt, though | ?mocent as an angel, while the nerve and hardihood of ?k murderer would carry him triumphantly through any ?net ordeal as that. I It is not only in cases of this kind that nervousness His terribly against a man. In the ease of the death m a beloved object, for instance, one- man will be pros KnW. asd utterly unable to attend to the ordinary ?jusmess of life, while another will sit down and write j Irerseo on the subject, for pay A man of this kind j ?possesses nerve in abundance, and need not fear being fcrercomeby his feelings. One of the greatest poets— feron— plftj-cd the deuce with this style of composition, ?or beautiful as most of his linos are on the subject of Bead ladies real or imaginary, it is impossible, fcfta the credulous age of early youth, to place any Inafidencc in them. There is no heart in them* and She author could string oat lines nearly as felicitously In the subject of a dead litten. I remember some years fcjo, vhen a certain church was burnt down, in which Ee person to whom I refer, had been married to a very ?HtiiriaWe woman, who hnfl since died, the widower, as mi his heart was lacerated uud; bleeding at this. roriral- lol his grief, published in the ieading daily newspaper. KwmelmeB,or.rh-faeft or Terses. intended to be exprcsf! Kte of the deepest anguish ; and a few weeks alter, this; He proved' his' nncsiity by marrying ' ano'tHer' fcreon. I might go further with this metaphysical in IreBtigation, and adduce the'; case of ' Honest lago,' Irto, oa assuring the Moor of his integrity and love, w Itnet with this expression of confidence : lltoerofc these start! of tbtiis fright meihe more; |FmsudmtogB In «iaBe,4lbloyal knave liretrickiofcastom; but to a man that's just ' I They ire dose denotements, working from tbe heart, I ffflica lasslon cannot role, . - I Do you, dear reader, remember ' The Doctor'— that lettraordiruiry mixture of gossip and information of all kinds, by gouthey? Of conKe you dojjand what I ! lure to say is that, while conveying no inKirmation at M, I appear to have wandered so far from the ' North i Store Murder' that I must 'bont ship. ? - | . I hare been much taken with, a very thoughtful lead- { I ing article in your morning contemporary of Wednesday I lsrt,*the Sth instant, on the subject of the retirement j [tithe Hon. G. Allen from the chairmanship of com Imittees in the Upper House. 'The honours of the Crown,' says the writer,' ' would in his case have been . well bestowed in marking' a career so honourable and lajelnl, so inoffensive and unobtrusive, bo consistent *ith all that is upright in a professional man, a public j character, and a steady and consistent promoter of ?Utcver is good.' How I have nothing whatever to_ °J against this, bnt quote it iu orderthat it'may.W I tone in mind in connection with what is to follow. If fte km. gentleman is to be decorated with the Grand I Cross of the Military Division of the Order of the Bntf-, I ' tie Star of India, I om tuiaWe, f rem my imperfect I «taud.point,to see any objection to it, and uavo no reo Wn to doubt that snen an award would be received with ?cdamation throughout the country. But what is the naming of this, in the same article ? I IU« Iu rain to expect in a yomig society anything more I Hun Uie slenderest reoognitloii. Those storf Mtold in ancient 'lrtorj'oftliB reverence paid to age, oCtue horror the opposite 'tWtcicited, wouldbeouUildilein this faatcpocli, when a ™j commonly claims the consideration of ripened years, and ?*« the term 'old bloke' issubstituted forthatof father. I ?*? UflVP Tlftf. ilia linnnnn nP ? «niu-nHnl nnnn!nf.nhna Wlfll i - — —- ?.**« UVUVU1 VI U JICLOVUiU u^uuiuwwmwv ,.?»»» we Member for the Glebe, but I should scarcely have wppssed that he was in the liabit of addressing his ««» in that way ! ' The Old J?!ofo.' However, it Mes not detract from the merits of the retiring officer Out he should have hod to submit to.such terms. though not n sporting man, I was pleased to see in 'esday's Empire a proof tliat our best batsmen ami 'adors continue to be supplied from the British Uni ttttities. The letter signed ' Sydney' might teach iW6 °£ our Anstralian teams some lessons, and shows [ «w his lordship Ins not forgotten the out-door work | «Mhe learnt on the Cam, , i 