RESIGNATION OF THE GLADSTONE MINISTRY. According to lato telegrams from London, wo God that after a long and angry. debate in the Houso of Commons, tho Irish 'University Bill was rojeoted on division by a majority of throo only, 237 votes having been recorded against this long-argued measure and 284 in its fuvouh The Premier in coosequcnco demanded on adjournment of tho House for the purpose of consulting his colleagues on the courso tbey would decide upon adopting. The finale was tho resignation of tho Gladstone Ministry, which Her Majesty acceptod, and Mr. Dis raeli \as sent for. This Honourable chief of tho Tories immediately telegraphed to tho Earl of Deuby and Lords Cairn apd Car narvon. Notwithstanding, tho ovations that Lord Derby and Mr. Disraeli haVo lately enjoyed at monster, meetiogs nmoogst the working classes in various parts of the king-, dom, tho Conservatives don't scorn to much relish taking their seats on the State coach, albeit' thoir old chief (Mr. Disraeli) is as anxious as cvor to hold tho ribbons. Tho greatest uncertainty therefore prevails as to whom ho may find rondy to join his phalanx in doing battle on . tho old Tory side of the Houso. Such a thorough political change hardly surprises us. . To use an old but signi ficant term, the Gladstone Club have bad a pretty long innings, and as the best of players eaonot stand at their stumps for ever, the day must come for them to bo bowlod out as their adversaries woro before them. Conservatism has been strengthening no doubt in the manu facturing districts for soino time past, and ana especially wncre tiie derby " Lordship of- the Manor" holds, jway. The strongest ele ment to be. incorporated now with tho Tory sohool.is rumoured to como from petticoat politicians, proverbially Conservative, froin John O'Groat's to Land's End. Yes, it is at lust a recognised fact that Mr. Disraeli, will espouse the rights of women, and will, if ho can, strengthen his party by admitting female owners of property to the franchise. Strange as it may appear, it is now generally believed that Mr. Gladstone, always opposed to tho petticoat element in politics, was 11 inclined Id veer round," and had he remnincd in power., would bovo adopted' tho very ruse for holding tho Whigs' together. that Mr: Disraeli eagerly olutcbes at to rally tho Tories, bucked no doubt by the general opinion now entertained that a majority in the Ilongo of Commons at least, if not in tho; House of Lords, would vote for it. Exeter llall and other meetings aro elill persistently kept up in tho cause of " Womao's Suffrage," and no lack of friendn U apparent, owing no doubt to tho fact that tboro arc in tho United Kingdom a. larger Dumber of Lady Millionaires " than in any other part of the world, many of whom, itching to "don", the political garb, and be come co-workers with the steruer sex, can ensily hire and buy up stump orators by tho hundred of very superior talent ond .education, and whose forensic abilities aro sufficient, if judiciously scattorcd, to keep tlio woman's suffrage nblazo at all points of tho compass. It is argued by some that it is property, and not personality - that should bo represented. That because largo estates bappon to bo in tho hands of lady proprietors or landed proprie tresses, that is no' reason why their political' rights should bo lost to tho country. But hero it must bo observed, that, with the now low suffrugo in tho old country, whether land or house property belongs to lady or lord, the exercise of tenant-right in tho suffriigo is all- potent, and admitting even that Bomo vptcs arc lost by lady landed proprietors, tho numerous Lords command such princely.wcalth, and c.oii- stituto suck pillars of strength both in. tho Houses of Lords and Commons, that real cstato could vorys well afford a Ilttlo clipping of its wings, and stijl remain by long odds the mo £ formidable of all political parties in tho king, dom. Tho rallying, cries of some of tl o Tory papers are that property, r and not person, should bo represented; that if property bo represented at all, it should bio so without regard to sex ; that property , should not bo disfranchised merely, bcoaoso it is in tho hands of a woman ; t hot taxation ond representation should go hand in hand." Now all these erios 'may sound very strongly In the.carsof 6omo, and by others bo regarded as especially do. monslrutivo in favour of the rights of women but still we think them inconsistent with tho high moral position woman was destioed to rule in for. tbo.oommon bonefit of the human family Donning political breeches, she would quickly assume that masoulino deportmont moo so despise in woman. -.All tho fioor feel, logs. of her naturo would bo soured by the constantly rubbing of shoulders in tho crowd- of politicians of her opposite, sex. Angry de bate and party ooufiiot'would in no- way/add to a stock .of knowlcdgo- necessary, for our yciing women to acquire if. they ore to hold that high position in a-domcsticbomo which is tho true charm of a domestic life.. Grant the right to a woman of exeroising tho fran. cbiso and becoming an elector, why should sho not (as wo argued boforo long ago) bo equally entitled to becooio a member of Parliament, ond once a member,, why; not a. Minister of State, an ambassador, a general in the army booted and spurred, or ah odmiral in tho navy with a sword and oooked hat ? Whore iB her distinction to stop, if once allowed to take part in political elections and other public demonstrations ? Wo think the .distinctive features between monnnd women with rolntion to domestio -aod .public lifobavo worked hitherto highly satisfactorily, and we fail, to see wuy tuoy adould bo contorted by tbe mas culiue ohanges somo lovers of notoriety desiro to make. An boiross, and a woman acquiring property by hor toil ondlior thriftincss may, bo orintollcctual, as' clear headed, as upright, and as honest as a man ; but these virtues of themselves do not suffice to mako hor Capable of doing battle in the rough changes and dis tractions' of political life. What would bo thought of a man donning petticoats and undor- taking all tho fominine duties of which bo might mako . himself capable, as that of cook, as a parlour tnaid, charwoman, sempstress, housekeeper, and all tho various other duties of household life ? The attempts to discharge two such opposito functions would befutilo. The woman. vested with tho exercise of the frauohiBO, whoso time and thoughts would ho vo to bo given botweeu the duties of public and private life, would make a "mull" of' both. The man who could so fur forget himself, ond interfere with what is far better performed by a- woman, would desorvo scorn and ridicule, and bo very likely . to got a disbclout piuned to bis coat-tail for his impertinent intrusions in tho kitchen and 6cullery, and his evidently absurd officiousness.' Yet with all our raillery agaiust woman's right to tbe franchise, wo ean- not help insisting upon giving our veto against the gross neglect 'sbb has. bad for centuries lo education. Wo can soo no reason why girls as well as boys should not bo admissablo in grammar schools, collogcs, and universities, not to enable them to toko part. in what may be called outside Worldly life, but to lit them better as mothers for tho very responsible posi. tiou they will occupy as tender guardians of in- character, habits, and manners nations depend' for a mould. Goyeuvment Land Sale" at Toowoomda.— Eight country lots will bo offered ht nuctioo at tho Lnnds Office, Rnssclbstrcet, at 11 o'clock on the morning of the 31st instant. Four of these lots arc situated in tho parish of Watts, one in tho pariah of Geliatn, two In the parish of Jondaryao, and ouo in the pariah of Toowoomba. In our last Issue Handel's oratorio w«« printed " Handel's orntlon." A writer In tho D. D. Gazette kindly culU attention to the error, and either him self or the printer commits nn error in ibdne (, the signature therein, "f Jain/els' Ghost," beinc, - uiftrio plural instead of singular. To Ei.kctoiis. — Thoso, who claim to ho entitled to a voto .for tho election of a meuilcr of tho As- scmhly for any electorate of thecolouy, and whose . . unmcs arc not nt prescnt on any roll, are reminded that in order to secure their vote for thu next general election,, their applications must he sent in during tho present month to the Clerk of Petty Sessions for tho district iu which their claims arise, . Easter Races.— A meeting was held- at the Post Ofilco IIotel on Saturday evening last, when it was deeidod.to have a day's, racing cm the Too- woomba Courso nn Easter Monday. The follow- ing progrnnimo has been derided on : — Tho Trial Stakes of 5 sovs. ; Ladies' Purse of 5 soys. ; Easter Handicap of 20'kovh, : Hack Selling Raco of & bovb.; and n Forced Handicap of 5s. each, with 5 sovs. added. Cwckf.t.— The match between' the Warwick' aud Toowoomba Clubs terminated on Saturdny last in favour of- tho latter by four.rpns, tho numbers being— Warwick, 77 Toowoomba, 81. The credit of tho victory la almost- solely due to Mr. Dixon, for in tho second inninca .'tliiit\gebile- man scored 22 runs and carried out his hat, qbil k \ nil the others on. Jus sido only scored ,17 tuns. " In" , the first Innings Dixon was uufortunnte', he being declared by the umpire to be run out nftcr senrtug 2 runs. The' correctness of the umpires decision was questioned l»y some of thoso! onltho gronml. Mr. inidwin was the Hon of tho Warwick team,. . he having placed 1G runs lo his credit in .the second innings and carried out his, hat.' In tho . 'first iiminga. Dixon was successful 'iij taking Mr. Ynldwin's stumps before n score ivns mado. . The' Hibernians hold a Ball ot the School of Arts, Ruthven- street.on theovoningnf St. Patrick's Day, Monday Inst," which was numerously nttonded. Tho. service of tho Gorman band wcro availed of, and daocing wns'kopt up with great spirit till a late, or rnthcr early hour on Tuesday morning. .Blood Poisoning.— Another of onr 'townsmen lms fullon a victim to blood poboning. --MK JamcB Macintosh, who resided with his family near the Eastern Swamp, helped Mr.' McCnbe, (whoso death was reported In our last' issue) to strip a skin from a cow." Ho wns-immcdintely after seized with a hcadiichc, nhtl 'a lump gathered under his left armpit— bnt this was supposed at the time to bo tho gathering of" a boil,', and nj> danger was apprehended ' Ilo litid astnidl 'splinter in one nf his fingers; and it is bolioved the virus entered his Hyxlem by this menna— its boing tlio only place' where Ids skin was 'broken. On hiL-.: hearing of Mr. McCube's death- h'o. bought tho. services of ti medicol'gcntloman, Dr. Armstrong, .liut'it'wns Ihcti too latu, tho virris having bccomo thor'onirldy .iinpreffnnted 'with, his blood. ''Qn'his return home he spocdily became worse, 'and died " on Hie night of Satnrilay last/ After deiitir we. nre informed that tho body turned ntmnxt black. Tho unfortqnate man leaves a -wifo and seven . children to mourn their" almost sudden 'bcreave- m»»nt. The'funcrnl,' which took place ori Sumlay afternoon, wns vory numerously attended, the de- censed being highly respected. There have .been rmnourts nbnut'lhe (own that ft -third man named Carroll, residing on the Main Range, who was pre sent when the enw was skinned whs also very ill, snppopqd to ho from a- similar cause. Thls/how ever," must h'nvu beon a mbt.akoi' for a'nenr' neigh-' buur of hla states that he was working in the early part of thle week, nnd'there appcored't'o'bo botbipg tho mntter vvith him. . " ' Licbxbes .Granted.— Moses Men-Rt nhd Morris Merrill obtained licenses on Monday last to cut- hardwood timber on Crown lands ; nud on Tuesday two carriers' licenses; were granted to Conrad Monzel. . .. V ;,. Mn. Blake, Q.C., has been temporarily pointed Judge of tho Supremo Court of QucOus- laodj and the cases for hearing at the Rockhaniptou Arsizcs will bo tried before him. " , Mr. ronert Kellktt, brother-in-law ,of tho late Mr. Beit, died in Sydney within the last few days/of consumption.. Tho remains of. the de ceased aro to bo deposited in .the Drayton and ' Toowoomba Cemetery, ond are. -expected to' arrive by special train on Monday next. . ... Repoht. of Patients jn Toowoomba Hospital for this wcok ending March' 21, '1873 „ ' Males. Yemales. In lost report ;'... 21 . 7 Discharged -i.v . . i.»: ... X 1 Remaining in Hospital . ... . 20 6' « Receiving nut door 'medical relief, 6 adolLV Drir Anderson will bo theylblling surgeon for next week. . The waifs and strays of Sydnoy who have been collected by tho New' South 'Wulcs Government, nod' generously provided for nt the Rdndvyick Asylum; were treated .to a ride tlirough' Sydnoy ob the Gtli instant. About twenty omnlbusscs were engaged for tho occasion, and the procession waV -headed bv a bniid. ' r£w.. ' . , : ' . " A Skakf. fifteen feet in length' and twenty-two ' inches in circumference at the back of the hendTs 6tnte«i to have beon killed id tbo Barrier Rnnges/on the Mount.Gipps Run: , ,i. ; /, Frightful Accident.— Wo learn from: tho \ Ggmpie Times that on tho. morning of the 10th instant, a man by the nnmo of Murmaduko Cupel mot with a frightful accident at tho Black Snako Crushing Machine. Capci placed his foot on tbo fiy-wheel of tho machine to set it going when there was full steam' up, -and his leg coming in contact with Ibo cog-whccls, was drnwn in, and frightfully smnttlicd. . Dr. Doudncy arrived from ,Gympie;at 0 o'clock In tho ovening, and findiog nmputation necessary, and this being impracticnblaon tho spot tho unfnrtunnlo mnn-wae taken on a hand-barrow under bis direction to - Glastonbury . Creek -that evening, n distnnco of .fifteen miles, from whence ho wns to be taken to the Gympio Hospital, but with nn hope of saving bis life,, as the doctor bolioved mortificotlon bad already sot in. !'v ,-j. Chahters Towers — Tho Northern Mincr, oi the 22nd Febrnnry, states as follows in reference to this gold fiold s— " Tho past -week-has been a" busy ono with the carters, who Rre ot; preeent $ , much snnght-nfter rncc on tho TowcVs; and hVrge . quantities of stone have found, thoir way. into the inill-ynrds, tbo yard of the One .and All being Con- spicnons In this respect. , The Millchcatnr. mills .' havo been fully employed sinco onr last, and bnvo got through considerable quantities of fltoue.r At -the Towers tho Dcfionco has 'been, hung up most - of tho week' undergoing repair— getting now tubes in the boiler, wo belicvo.; Tboy.cxpcct to ; got upj -steam to-morrow night,: and have soveral largo lots, of stone . to put1 through. While going. our rounds on tbo reefs this week we have everywhere noBcol- increased activity. Claim-holders seem , to have come 4o tho conclusion that tho wet season, is now nt on ond, And they hftve,:,on nioat Hues/ returned, to tho deep ground. It is worth noticing tho depth renched.in some of tho chiimt,.ati shoWn .. by onr mining reports, .and. it is particularly note worthy that with incrcnscd depths the quality and size o( tho reefs have improved. Tbe reef in. tbo,. North AustrnliatT prospecting claim faas now/nt > lODfcet on tho underlay, increased to fully six feet in thickness, while tho quality of'thc .stone at that depth promises a. better yield than noy, before obtained. In No. 1 .'west, Duke of Wellington, wo saw somo splendid spccimons -taken from » .depth on Wednesday. All" tho week thcy hnyo been raising very rich stone from' this claim, the neighbourhood of tbo Tower# water gives but -little troublo, and in but few- cases. Seventeen protection prospecting areas have been granted by Mr. Commissioner M'Donald since our last." S. and W. Railway.-— Traffic comings for tho week"ending8th March, 1873... ... £1676 18 7 Corresponding week last year ...'1305 8 3 Increase ... ... £271' 10 4 . 