TTJî: starttittg interruption of tho prisoner Scourc Ute proceedings of the Coroner's inquest on Mrs. yesterday, wan well calculated to give an addtti sensation to this already sufficiently sensational It was so dramatic that I should not bo surprisi find some of thoso modest writers who set up for b taite, sounder judgment, and moro profound info twa than any of their contemporaries, either dispi tho accuracy of the reporter's notes or póoh-poo tho whole affair as an attempt to reviro tho practice of bringing ghosts into court 01 trial for alleged mnrder. It seams that tho che was just giving his evidenco with respect to the bl stains when the prisoner interrupted him, npparo addressing vacancy, and exclaiming : " Yon had be go out of that, and not como boro shaking your fis mo ! " For a moment, tho idea of Macbeth addres tho ghost of Banqno, or Matcham deprecating wrath of tho "Dead Drummer" on Salisbury P) may have presented itself to tho imagination ; but little bitof sensationalism was short-lived, for it tar ont that tho daughter of the murdered woman was person addressed by tho prisoner, and acci by him of shaking her fist at him, though whether did so or not thero was no evidonco forthcoming show. But, in any case, thanks to common-sense the schoolmaster, tho day has gono by when au exclu tion of this kind could either bo accepted as evide against an accused person, or go very much to prejudice. It was something liko " trial by touch " i other tests of that kind, ia which a sensitive, nerv man, might exhibit all the indications of puilt, thoi innocent as an angel, while the nervo and hnrdihood the murderer wonldcarry bim triumphantly through i such ordeal as that. It is not only in cases of this kind that norvousn tells terribly against a man. In tho case of the dei of a beloved object, for instance, one man will bo pn tratcd, and utterly nnable to attend to the ordini business of life, while another will sit down and wr verses on the subjcot, for pay A man of this ki possesses nerve in abundance, and need not fear bei overcome by his fcolings. One of tho greatest poets Byron-played the deuce with this style of composite for bcantifal as most bf his lines ara on tho subject dead ladies real or imaginary, it is impossib after the credulous ago of early youth, to place ai confidence in them. Thero is no heart in thom, ai the nnlhor could string ont lines nearly ns felicitous on tho subject of a dead kitten. I remember some yea ago, whon a certain church was burnt down, in whii tho person to whom I refer had been married to a ve: estimable woman, who had since died, the widower, i if his heart was lacerated and bleeding at this reriv of his grief, published in tho leading daily nowBpap some lines, or rhymes, or verses, intonded to bo expre sire of tho deepest nnguish ; and a few weeks after th he proved his sincerity by marrying anothc person. I might go further with this metaphysical ii Tostigation, and adduce the case of " Honest Iago, who. on assuring the Moor of his integrity and lovo, i met with expression of confidence : Therefore these starts of thine fright me tho more ; For such things in a false, disloyal knave Aro tricks of custom ; but to a mon that's just They are close denotements, working from the beast, Which passion cannot rule. Do yon, dear reader, remember " Tho Doctor"-tho extraordinary mixture of gossip and information of al kinds, by Southey ? Of course yon do; and what '. have to say is that, while conveying no information a all, I appear to have wandered so far from the " Nortl Shore Mnrder" that I must 'bout ship. I have been much taken with a very thoughtful lead ing article in yonrmorningcontomporary of Wednesday last, tho 5th instant, on tho subject of tho retiramcni of tho Hon. G. Allen from tho chairmanship of com- mittees in tho Upper House. " The honours of thc Crown," says tho writer, " would in his case have been well bestowed in marking a carcor so honoarablo and useful, so inoffensive and unobtrusive, so consistent with all that is upright ia a professional man, a publio \- character, and a Bteady and consistent promoter of whatever is good." Now I havo nothing whatever to say against this, but quote it in order that it may be borne in mind in connection with what is to follow. If tho hon. gentleman is to be decorated with tho Grand Cross of the Military Division of tho Order of tho Bath, or the Star of India, I am unable, from my imperfect stand-point, to see any objection to it, and have no rea- son to doubt that such an award would be received with acclamation throughout tho country. But what is tho moaning pf this, in the samo article P It Is in vain to expect in a yoong society anything more than the slenderest recognition. Those stories told In ancient history of the reverence paid to ago, of the horror tho opposite spirit excited, would be out of date in this fast epoch, when a boy commonly claims the consideration of ripened years, and when the tenn "old bloke" ls substituted for that of father. I have not tho honour of a personal nquaintance with tho Member for tho Olebo, but I should scarcely have supposed that he was in tho habit of addressing his father in that way I " The Old Bloke." Howovor, it does not detract from tho merits of tho retiring officer that he should have had to submit to such terms. Although not a sporting man, I was ploased to see in Tuesday's Empire a proof that our best batsmen and fielders continue - to bo supplied , from tho British "Uni- versities. Tho, letter Bigncd " Sydney" might teach some of pur Australian teams somo lessons, and shows that his .lordship has not f orgotton tho out-door work that he learnt on the Cam. 