THE OBSERYER. : ; The case of .the Colonial Bank -v. -Ettor- shank, now under consideration by the Court of |B?noo, - involve: the --question whether a bank-, manager can act indepen- dently of tho directors. It is argued that the manager,' is, ij faotM.the bank— a state ment actually mado in a "recent number of the "Bankers' Magrzine." ' Sir Ridmond Barry in: the course of the argument sug gested that in such caso tho manager was liko tho clerk fo'a rural bench of magistrates,. He might' have added, liko the chairman of the trustees of -thio Public Library — used to bo. , , . My . hoi-soy friend. Toiit Ceta vote3 Sir Hercules Robinson "a brick. \VJhat with Sir Hbrcules, who' 'is going to ".run his horses'- in. his own colors, "and -Judge" Chooke, who rtiqa bis in " somebody else's, " tho turf of New South Wales cannot complain of .'a jack of aristocratic patronage! Sir Herchles likewise heads tho Four-in-hand Club with : hlB own drag and spankers. : Perhaps that wiil account for the four-in-hand mania, now rife inLondon, spread ing to Sydney before it does to Melbourne. Yet wo may. soon look for an. outbreak. A stylish drag, well horsed, turns out from _Bourke street west on race days, and' occv "sibhalty for tho hunt. This, hov7ever,.has been going- for some time, but. lately a pri vate gentleman has'sUtted ono of his own, drawn by a Bplendid quartette of clicennts, . W"o Bhill ;hoar( something about a tour-in- h'aud oIub;whcn. the sporting men como back from Sydney races. Those variegated scarfs now so -generally worn by tbo laiics/a Id Fcossa'is or a la Pel toivcomefolloicme, aro Very pretty, but aro becoming tco much vulgarised, to last long. The yarn market in spiritism is flagging. It needs stimu'us. Oaco more I rush unto tho 'breach, my departed friends, as valorous as a country editor with his drawer full of snake stories. Facts upon facts, mountains high. In 'an unlucky moment an ex-police man was lately invited to a spiritist seance. A sqnare oircle was formed round the tablo, bauds down. Lights down too, according to the indispensable ' formula. Suddenly n flattering p-as " hoard, a muflled sort of flut tering, like big bats going ibund the wails. ."Gently; gently," said the Chief Medium,-' who was aii exaot counterpart of the gentle man amateur made up as Graves in tho comedy of 'Money the other night, who in hie turn :wab an. exact counterpart of .a celebrated': auotioneer-cKiii-proacber in .Col- lingwood. , " Gently, gently," said the Chief Medium, " 'Tis the Hangole, Oh'the Jrcs of Suminsrland, Spirit voices round Hmstauil, Spirit forms wo uLlitly hears — Sweet the mow-alc Hof tin spheres" 1 ' ' (Fiultjr, Fluttir ) \- All wore lost in amazim nt. Eien tho Chief Medium was scared a little. The table sympathetically trembled under the fingers of the frightened. Our ox-polieeman was not ono of them ; emphatically Not. Suddenly he jumped. cfl' hie Beat,. and, before anyone oould.stop him, ho bad wionohod opened a side door, which appeared to have' been secured only by a small holt. Than,, darting into tho next room, ho holloaed out— , " Ob, bo japerB ! I've lived too long in bar- raoks not to know the sound of cock-fighting! Look hero !" continued he, pointing out to the company an old rooster which had hurriedly jumped on top of a table, "and look thore !,'' he went on ; pointing again to a stoat pair' of logs belonpng to a cookmaid who ' liau i nddenly disappeared under the same article of, furniture, "Oh, Biddy, ! wou'dn't havo thought it of you, Authoring tho old oock np agon the v a 1, and makin believe it's tho Ghosts !" 