MAORI SUPERSTITION. It was rumored shortly after the first report of the murder of Sullivan, that it was in con sequence of a lizard having made its way into the stomach of the murderer ; axid it was alleged that this rather awkard circumstance imposed a necessity upon the man, as inevit able as destiny, that he should commit murder. There appears to be a basis in Maori usuages on which the rumor was founded, but not of the kind stated. We have it on the authority of one for many years intimately acquainted with Maori law and custom, that the swallow ing of tbe lizard is a voluntary act, and in tended to produce that courage which will dare anything. That a lizard phould volun tarily go down the throat of the Maori would argue great want of consideration on the part of a lizard, and great carelessness on the part of the Maori, in sleeping with his door open, and with vermin about. But it has been a frequent incident in Maori history that a great warrior has induced a green lizard, the kakar kiki, to crawl down his throat through the simple operation of pinching its tail. The purpose served was twofold. Not only was it believed that the reptile, for which a Maori has the utmost repugnance, believing it to con tain the ghost of his giandfather, inspired the warrior with fierce and dauntless daring and implacable cruelty, but an equally important purpose was served in the moral influence exerted on the followers of a chieftain who had performed the revolting act. Not only was it accepted as a sign that the man meant to enter on some terrible career, but it was believed that a man deliberately opening his mouth and putting a lizard into his inside was capable of stopping at nothing ; in which latter idea most pakehas will agree. It is known that the chief, Taraia, swallowed a lizard before entering on his career of massacre, and Hori Tupaia, who at Kati Kati swallowed even two lizards to nerve him for action, is be lieved to be the last that has practised the disgusting rite. That Sullivan's murderer swallowed a lizard is considered to be exceed ingly unlikely, but if he did, it would have, according to Maori lore, imposed no necessity whatever upon him to commit murder, but would have been done for the purpose of nerving himself to the daring deed, and of confirming the faith of his followers. — Auckland Star. A lawyer engaged in a case tormented a witness so much with questions that the poor fellow at last cried for water,- *' There,' said tbe judge, s- I thought you'd pump him dry !' 