WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER 29. ONLY A NIGHT OWL. Continued. " Strange is a what ?" exclaimed the agent, with as much astonishment as his low tones allowed him to express. " A London detective, Sir Karl ?" " Yes he is." Mr. Smith's face fell considerably. " But - what is he doing down here ?" he inquired. '"Who's he after ? Surely not Sir Adam ?" " No, not Sir Adam. He is after some criminal who \- who does not exist in this place," added Karl, not choosing to be more explicit, considering that it was the man before him he had suspected of being the said criminal. He felt ashamed of his suspicions now that they were dispelled and he had to speak to Smith face to face. " The danger is, that in looking for one man the police may come upon the the track of another." The agent nodded his head. " But surely they do not suspect the Maze ?" " They do suspect the Maze," replied Karl. " Owing to the tattling of the woman Mr. Moore took there - Nurse Chaffen I believe." Mr. Smith allowed a very unorthodox word to issue through his closed teeth, applied not only to the lady in question, but to ladies in general. " The man Strange has been down here looking for someone who he can't find ; who no doubt is not in the neighbourhood at all, and never has been," resumed Karl. Strange's opinion, however, was - and is - that the man is here, concealed. When he heard Chaffen's tale of the gentleman she saw in evening dress at the Maze, who then disappeared, and she concluding that he was hidden somewhere within the house, Strange took up the notion that is was the man he was after. Hence his suspicions of the Maze and occasional observations of its people. " It's a very unfortunate thing ! " breathed the agent. " You see now, Mr. Smith, how much better it would have been if Sir Adam had never come here. Or, being here, if he had been allowed to go away again." " He can't attempt it now," was the quick retort of the agent. " With a detective's eyes about, he would walk straight into the lion's mouth." " Just so. We all recognise that." " I wish to heaven I could get him to go away," said the agent impulsively. " Until now, I believed that he was safer here than anywhere else. What brings a confounded detective to this quiet place ? A malignant fiend or some implacable fate must be responsible. Sir Karl, the danger is great. We We must not shut our eyes to it." Alas, Karl Andinnian felt that cruelly. It was his work ; it was he who had brought this hornet's nest about his unfortunate brother's head. The consciousness of this lay heavily upon him in that moment ; throat and tongue and lips were parched with the fever of remorse. " May I ask you for a glass of water ?" asked Karl. " I'll get it for you at once, sir," said the agent, rising with alacrity. Karl heard another match struck outside, and then the steps of the agent retreated in the general direction of the pump. In his restlessness, he could not sit still, and rose to pace the room. A small set of ornamental bookshelves, hanging against the wall, caught his attention ; he halted before it and took down a volume ; mechanically, rather than with any motive. " Philip Salter. From his loving mother." The words met Karl's eyes as he opened the book. For a moment he questioned whether his sight was deceiving him. But no. There they were, in a lady's hand, the ink dry and faded with time. It was Bunyan's ' Pilgrim's Progress.' " Is it Salter, after all ?" he asked himself. Mr Smith came in again with the glass of water as doubt was running through Karl's mind. Thanking his agent for the water, he drank it at once and sat down with the book in his hand. " I have been. amongst your books, Mr. Smith. A sound old volume, this." " So it is, Sir Karl. I dip into it myself now and then." than.' " Did you know this - this Mr. Philip Salter ?" asked Karl, opening the book to the inscribed page. For answer, the agent raised his eyes, looked directly at Karl and paused. " Do you know him, Sir Karl ?" " I never knew him. However, I have heard some things about him." " Aye, many people have, I expect," returned the agent, with a kind of a groan. " He was my cousin, sir." " Your cousin !" echoed Karl. " My own cousin ; we were sisters' sons. He was Phiilip Salter ; I am Philip Smith. Karl's eyes were opened : in more ways than one. " The fool Philip Salter turned out to be !" snapped Philip Smith - and it was evident that the subject was an annoying one. " I worked in his office, Sir Karl, a clerk under him ; but he was younger than me. He might have done very well, if it was all not for his involvement in private and illegitimate speculation. He got into a very deep financial hole, and he used dangerous means trying to get himself out. It ruined him and it ruined me. As I was his cousin, everyone thought I must have been involved and my place was taken from me." " Where is he now ?" asked Karl. " I don't know. Sometimes we think he is dead. After his escape, we had reason to believe that he got to Canada, but we never knew for sure. He may be in some backwoods there, afraid to write." " And this was his book ?" " Yes. Most of his small belongings came into my hands. The affair killed his mother ; broke her heart. He was all she had, save one daughter. Sir Karl, do you know what I'd do if I had the power ?" Smith continued fiercely. I would remove these cursed speculators through penal laws. Some of these men issue schemes which seem plausible, but are really designed to deceive a credulous public. These gambling rogues lay hold of honest men and lure them to their destruction. But for them Philip Salter would still be seen as an honest man." " Aye," agreed Karl. " But that will never be, as long as men's greed for gold exists. And that state of affairs could only exist in a Utopian world : not this one." He put out his hand to Philip Smith when he left ; something he had never done voluntarily before. He regretted having wronged the man, and went home with an even greater burden of perplexity and concern in his heart." CHAPTER XXX. BAFFLED. We now need to focus on Mr. Strange. That eminent detective was, unsurprisingly, somewhat puzzled ; thrown on his beam ends, as they say. The earnest assurances of Sir Karl Andinnian - that the individual he had been suspecting was the agent Smith, and that there could not be, any gentleman residing at the Maze, had made their due impression, for he saw that Sir Karl was a man whose word might be trusted. At the same time, he detected, or thought he detected, an undue eagerness on Sir Karl's part to impress this upon him during their interview on the road ; an eagerness which was perhaps not justified, unless Sir Karl had some private and personal motive. Musing on this, instead of going to his lodging, Mr. Strange continued to to walk about, until Miss Blake surprised him beneath the trees at the Maze-gate. Or rather, surprised herself by finding him there. He had not chosen that spot to watch the gate but as a place of seclusion while he considered what Karl had told him. The stealthy entrance of Sir Karl Andinnian into the Maze using a key from his pocket, and the whispered communication from Miss Blake, threw a different light on the matter, and served to reveal what Sir Karl's personal motive. According to Miss Blake's hints, Sir Karl was in the habit of stealing into the Maze, and it was Sir Karl himself who had been seen by Nurse Chaffen. Mr. Detective Strange could not conceal from his acute brain that, if this were true, his own case was finished, and he might as well go back to town. Salter, the man he was patiently searching for, was at the Maze or nowhere - for Mr. Strange had carefully investigated the rest of the locality and knew that it contained no trace of him. If the gentleman in evening dress Miss Chaffen claimed to see was Sir Karl Andinnian, his suspicion of finding Phillip Salter there seemed ridiculous. He thought it through thoroughly that night. The tale was certainly likely and plausible. Sir Karl Andinnian did not appear to be one who would embark on this kind of appointment, but as the detective said to himself, one could not answer for one's own brother. If it was Sir Karl that the woman saw, why then the mystery of her not having seen him again was solved ; for while she was there, he was hardly likely to return and risk discovery. The more Mr. Strange thought about it, the more reason he found for suspecting that this must be the true nature of the case. It did not please him. Clearing the Maze of all suspicion as to Salter, made it evident that he had missed him, and had wasted his valuable time. He would have to go back to Scotland Yard and report the failure. Considering that he had been furnishing reports of his prey being found, this prospect was mortifying. This would be the second consecutive case in which be had signally failed. But it was by no means Mr. Strange's intention to take the failure for granted. He was too wary a detective to do that without seeking proof, and he had not finished with Foxwood yet. The first person to see was Mrs. Chaffen. Somewhat weary after his night reflections and not feeling quite as refreshed as he ought, Mr Strange sat down to his breakfast languidly. Mrs Jinks, ever watchful, observed his languor as she whipped off the cover from a dish of mushrooms that looked good enough to tempt anyone. " You've got headache this morning, Mr. Strange, sir. Is it bad ?" " Yes, very bad," said Mr. Strange, who did not forget to keep up his role of delicate health. " What things them headaches are !" deplored Mrs. Jinks. " Nobody knows where they come from nor how to drive 'em away." Betsey Chaffen was nursing a patient in the spring who'd had bilious fever and rheumatics combined ; and to hear what she said about that poor old gentleman's head - " " By the way, how is Mrs. Chaffen ?" interrupted Mr Strane, with scant ceremony and no regard for the old gentleman's head. " I have not seen her lately." " She was here a day or two ago, sir, down in my kitchen. As to how she is, she's as strong as ever ; thanks for inquiring. She never has anything wrong with her." " Is she out nursing ?" " Not now. She expects to have a new patient soon, and is waiting at home to be called." " Where is her home ?" " Down Foxwood Lane, sir, turning off by Mr. Sumnor's church. Bull the stonemason lives in the end house there, and she has lodged with 'em for years. Bull jokes with her sometimes that some of 'em ought to be taken ill, with such a nurse as her in the house.Which they never are, for its as healthy a spot as any in Foxwood." Mr. Strange had a knack of politely putting an end to his landlady's gossip when he pleased, and of sending her away. He did so now ; and the widow transferred herself and her attentions to Mr. Cattacomb's parlour. People are obliged to hold spring and autumn cleaning binges, or where would our carpets and curtains be. Mrs. Chaffen, though occupying but one humble room, with a choice piece of furniture in it that was called a 'bureau' during the day and a bed at night, was not exempt from this kind of obligations. Mrs. Bull thought that she took on these periodic bouts of scrubbing more often than necessary, but Betsy Chaffen liked to take care of her furniture - which was her own - and appreciated an environment of shiny surfaces lacking dust. On this same morning she was in the thick of it ; herself on her knees, her gown turned up about her waist, hands plunged into a bucket of soapsuds, and the furniture all heaped together on the top of the bureau in the corner, when one of the young Bulls came in with the astounding news that a gentleman was asking after her. " Goodness - bless me !" cried the poor woman, turning cold all over, " it can't be that I'm to be fetched out, can it, Sam ?— and me just in the middle of all this mess ?" " He asked if Mrs. Chaffen was at home, and could he see her," replied Sam. " He's waiting outside." Mrs. Chaffen sat back on her heels, one hand resting on the bucket, the other grasping the wet scrubbing brush, her face the very picture of consternation as she stared at the boy. She had believed herself free for full week to come. " Is it Mr. Henley himself, Sam ?" " It ain't Mr. Henley at all," said Sam. " It's the gentleman what's staying with Mrs. Jinks." " What the plague brings him here this morning of all others, when I've got the floor in a sop and not a chair to ask him to sit down on !" cried the woman, relieved of her great fear, but vexed nevertheless to be interrupted in her work, and believing the intruder was Mr. Cattacomb, on one of his pastoral visits. " Parsons be frightful botherations sometimes !" " T'aint the Parson ; it's the t'other one,' said Sam Bull. Mra. Chaffen rose from her knees, stepped gingerly across the wet floor, and took a peep through the window. There she saw Mr. Strange in the centre of a tribe of young Bulls, dividing among them a piece of lettered gingerbread. Sam, afraid of not coming in for his share of the letters, bolted out of the room. " Ask the gentleman if he'd be pleased to step in, Sam, and to excuse the litter," she called after the boy. " I don't mind him," she thought, seizing upon a mop to lessen the wet on the floor, and then letting down her gown. " He must want something particular from me. I'm glad it's not Cattacomb ; who needs preaching on a busy morning." Mr. Strange entered the room in his pleasant way, admiring everything, from the room to the bucket, and assuring her he rather preferred wet floors to dry ones. While she was finding him a chair and dusting it with her damp apron, he held out his hand, pointing to where the cuts had been. " Look here, Mrs. Chaffen. I have been thinking of coming to see you for the last day or two past, but fancied I might see you in Paradise Row, for I'd rather have your opinion than a doctor's any time. The hand has healed, you see." " Yes, sir ; it looks beautiful." " But I am not sure that it has healed properly, though it may look 'beautiful," he rejoined. " Feel this middle cut. Here ; just on the seam." Mrs. Chaffen rubbed her fingers on her apron, and then passed them gently over the place he spoke of. " What do you feel ?" he asked. " Well, sir, it feels a little hard, and there seems to be a kind of knot," she said, still examining the spot. " Precisely so. There's a stiffness about it that I don't altogether like ; and now and then it has a kind of a prickly sensation. What I've been fancying is, that a bit of glass may possibly be still under the skin." But Mrs. Chaffen did not think so. In her professional capacity, she talked nearly as learnedly as a doctor could have talked, though not using quite the same words. Her opinion was that if glass had remained in the hand it would not have healed ; she believed that Mr Strange had only to let it alone and have a little patience, and the symptoms he spoke of would disappear. It is not at all improbable that this opinion was Mr. Strange's own ; but he thanked her and said he would abide by her advice, and gave her a little more gentle flattery. Then he sat down in the chair she had dusted is if he meant to remain for the day, in spite of the disorder within the room, and entered on a course of indiscriminate gossip. Mrs. Chaffen liked to get on with her work, but she liked gossip better ; no matter how busy she might be, a dish of that never went amiss. So, as expected, she put her back against another chair, folded her bare arms in her apron, prepared for a lengthy chin-wag. In a smooth and natural manner, apparently without intent, the conversation presently turned upon the gentleman (or ghost) Mrs. Chaffen had seen at the Maze. It was a theme that she had not tired of yet. " Now you come to talk of that," cried the detective, " do you know what idea has occurred to me upon this point, Mrs, Chaffen ? I think the gentleman you saw may have been Sir Karl Andinnian." Nurse Chaffen, contrary to her usual habit, did not immediately reply, but seemed to fall into thought. " Was it Sir Karl ?" " Well now that's a odd thing !" she replied at last. " Miss Blake asked me the very same question. Was it Sir Karl Andinnian ?" " Oh did she. When?" " When we had been talking of the thing in your rooms, sir— that time that I had been treating your hand. In going down stairs, somebody pulled me, all mysterious like, into the Reverend Cattakin's parlour ; it was Miss Blake, and she began asking me what the gentleman looked like and whether it was Sir Karl." " And was it Sir Karl ?" repeated Mr. Strange. " Now that you have had time to reflect upon it, is that the conclusion you come to ?" " No, sir, just the opposite. A minute or two afterwards, if I'd only waited, I could have told Miss Blake that it was not Sir Karl. I couldn't see who it was, but 'twas not him." This assertion was so contrary to the theory Mr. Strange had been privately establishing, that it took him somewhat by surprise. " Why do you say so surely it was not Sir Karl ?" he questioned, laughing lightly, as if the matter amused him. " Because sir, the gentleman was taller than Sir Karl. And when I came to think of it, I distinctly saw that he had short hair ; either lightish or grayish ; Sir Karl's hair is a beautiful wavy brown, and he wears it rather long. " Twilight is very deceptive," remarked Mr. Strange. " No doubt of that, sir but there was enough light coming through the passage windows for me to see clearly. I am quite positive it was not Sir Karl Andinnian." " Would you swear it was not ?" " No, sir, I'd not swear it ; swearing's a ticklish thing ; but I am none the less sure. Mr. Strange, it was not Sir Karl for certain," she added impressively. " The gentleman was taller than Sir Karl and had a bigger kind of figure, broader shoulders like, and it rather struck me at the time that he limped as he walked. " Just the description of what Salter would most likely be now," mused the detective, his doubts veering about uncomfortably. " He would have a limp, or something worse, after that escapade out of the railway carriage." " Well, if you are so sure about it, Mrs, Chaffen, I suppose it could not have been Sir Karl." " I trust my sight sir, and I am sure. Whatever could have give rise to the thought that it was Sir Karl ?" she continued, after a moment's pause. " Why, you must know Mrs. Chaffen, that Sir Karl Andinnian is the only man in Foxwood who is iikeiy to put on evening dress as a rule. And being a neighbour of Mrs. Grey, and also her landlord, it was not so very improbable he should have called, don't you see ?" Thus enlightened, Mrs. Chaffen no longer wondered how that possibility had arisen. She reiterated her assertion that it was not Sir Karl ; and Mr. Strange, on moving into the important question of using soda or soap, as the best way of cleaning boards, presently took an affable leave. To Be Continued. 