THE WESTBURY GHOST. (From a Examiner.) ' For some years past; the vicinity of Carrick has been frequented ; by ghosts, especially -the Westbury side of the bridgei a lady' dressed in white (so says report) being often seen1 of a night taking a 'walk along, .the, Qaks ; road. , There are some people who- will not believe these Stories, and are so rude in their " infidel notions " as to sneer at the fair recitersj but , for;alltliis the stories are told and in some quarters believed in. Oil WjS'd- nesday'night last, a weary trailer was wending ., h.is .way . homewards and when nearing the spot where poor - Mrs Regah riotet her' death, -these , ghost, stories;, cpme forcibly across his mind, and do what he would he could hot shake them off. He had passed, the fatal jspot, and not seeing anything untisual, his spirits began to revive — but hearing a strange' sound 'he - looked in the direction from whence it came, and horror of horrors ! on the Sillwood side of the road/ he' saw a strange object all inwhite -making straight towards him ;. At times it resembled a dromedary, then all at pnco it would expand two gigantic white wings, and the only sound to be heard iiiucii resembled the ; puffing of a locomotive engine in full speed. When ; nearing the traveller it cried out in a loud voice and with deter mined energy " Kill him-rChoker, kill him/? ' This caused the traveller to act ih: accordance with, the -first law of nature, and seeing a large tree close by he concealed himself as best he could. By this time the ghost was so near that the traveller saw it. had assumed the human form divine," but of; very large dimensions/and it appeared to . be having some fun wi;h two; other little ..ghosts in the shape of .dogs ; the bigger one seemed td be chasing the smaller urged to it by the monster ghost. They 'Crossed- the main/road and fan along the Gaks hen the1 two Utile ghosts apre/jt.fightput something, and Were encouraged in in their diabolical . game by .the big ghost. This did not last, long, and the biglghCst'ietiirhCd the way he came, ; carrying ,tHe '7shvalie . by.the fail.,; ; After crossing the road I tKey disappeared amongst the trees! L ; JT1I6 traveller, greatb|y'ariiazed, made, j another attempt , to reach his home, iwhich lie accomplished without any mishap but the loss of his hat, which :he did Wot; discover until told of it by His wife, j but his nervous system has sustained a fearful shock, and, I am afraid that he will have to take cold baths. On! the same night, about the simehpur, Mr. E. Gillani, of Sillwood,. was .wakened by . his fowls making a great oise ; he jumped out of bed, and thinking there was a thief abodt he did not dress himself but ran, out ; the instant he did. his dog. gave chase to Something ' and away they .' wen t went li&'ter skel ter, . crossed the main road; and after going a , short dis tance along the Oaks road the dog collared the object of pursuit and killed it, which turWed out to be a tiger-cat. of enormous size, measuring 3ft. 3in. from snout to tip of taii, and weighing between Olband lOlli. It was beautifully spotted, and had the dog not torn the skin, it would k. have been, worth preserving, being the finest specimen ever seen in this locality. ; ' 1 ; ; I have no other news .to send. You can , please yourself about believing the, ghost, story I could n6t 'send1 it fresher. I vouch for the truth of the tiger-cat. | i 