A HAUNTED LOCK-UP. ' Few positions in )ifo can bo imagined more ; disagreeable than that of being imprisoned in n haunted cell in a police-station.' The "New Orleans Tim's" tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost iDfested cell in tho Fourth Trccinot Polico-station in that city. It appears that several years ago '! & littlo old woman," named Ann Murphy, committed suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fearer than thirteen persons shut up in Iho cell have attempted to destroy themselveH in n similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatal results. ' One of those lately out down before life avas j extthot'was a girl named Mary Taylor, avho on recovering cohsoiohsncss declared that I while lying on tho floor of tho cell 8ho was j arousod by a littlo old avhita aromau, dressed i in a faded calico dross "witUbroavn jeans ! and jossy,' no stockings, and down trodden I slippers, with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress avas bound with a sort _ef reddish brown tape, lior hand was long aud wrinkled. While on the fourth flngor of lier left hand was a plain gold ring. " Thie little woman," said the girl, " beckoned mo to got up, and impelled mo by some mysterious power to tear" my dress in strips, plaoo ono ond cf the strip ruind my neok and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feot from the floor, and fell. I thought I was choking ; a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found, myself in tho room with tho doctors aud ' police, bending over me. It was not until i then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I bolicve, under a kind of ' trance or influence at' the time, over which l.had no control." Mr. Taylor had never; heard of tho suioido of Ann Murphy, whoso appearance, acoording to the police, exactly tallied with tho description given ; by tho girl. Others having complained in - like manner ot tho ghostly occupant of the. cell, the police, to test the real facts if the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the oily in this cheeriui apartment. Being thoroughly tired ar.d worn oat, -he fell nsleop immediately, hut shortly afterwards rushed into tho '.dice in a.state of- terrible alarm. Ho, too, had been visited by the littlo old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another homr in the station.— "Pall Mall Qazetto." 