"FACK4NDAN3AH: SHIRE COUXOHL. An ordinary meeting- of this council was; Held on Thursday.-. Present : the president;, and! Crs Pooley, Mengan. O'Callaghan, TVKiie,-. "Woodland and Robinson. : The minutes of the previous meeting having: : been read and confirmed, and the outward correspondence read and approved, the following inward was dealt with. correspondence. Prom the VictcriaajA'syium and SckooLIoir the- Blind, acknowledging, with thankfe,;.re-- ceipc of £2 2s. — 22o aetioii. j E-rom Under-Tfeaaureir Melbourne, anctes-j : fog-account for £760 fcr.-the Treasurer' Jsignal tare-, being first iiistalliifint of Govea.menfc i Subsidy. — Atteudedlo. I From Mr A. L-.,jEily;. Government rudifoK. I acknowledging receipt of a copy ininuts.ei.the; j council, relative to his-olhim for travelSiigSr- penses when auditing; the accounts ; of. thfe shibe, and statingr;that the council idclinedi to- pay him £7 7i=r0riauc5t fees. He declihecl > to- accept the cor.ucil's dictum on th Inne-tGi be-properly devcied by him to the v-ock;,ncfl- \-- .would he allow of "any- interference by tliesa with the proper performance of His duties; in any particular. If the- council did not chocee \- to- pay his fees . and? travelling expenses he \- could bat resort-ie such proceedings-sis woadd ; compel them to.pajvhim at thebi-persaral risk of costs. — Heidi o«r until a le.tterrfe-.-an tlie 'Assistant-Ocmmi'ssioner of Heads- and Bridges shouldioe dt-aS: with. From the Tcwong Road Board offering to -submit what the sscretary termed the disputed boundary to the surveyors of the two ffirdies, with power tcssall in an arbitrator:. Thh was a case in which a- Mrs Huon, who- bad always previously paid. rate; to the Shire- off Xackan- dandah, haet- now- been induced to- pay them to the To woe g Rocd Board.— Oa;tho motion of Or O'CALLAGHAN, seconded by Cr WO DDL ASH; tho proposal oS- the Towong i Road Board was- acceded to. From the Assistant-CommissiCnerof Roads and Bridgeq returning plans, ic., for two bridges at the Kiewa Valley, and stating that they were- approved, and would ba placed on the list for the consideration of- the Minister- for the next finincial year.— go. present action, required.. From the Indigo United District Road- Board, returning plans, &e;»,. tor repairing the- BaruajvcrthA bridge, and approving of the- same, providing that the. cost did not exceed £10.? 7s 6d, tho estimates? the Yackandandah sntra nn?v»one t1! n i_ v _ - j.uv ocuicburj' 10 oo- strccted to inform the hoard tbat a tender for the work for a sum of £90 had been accepted. From tho Registrar-General, under date' March 17th, reminding the council that agri- I cultural aud other statistics should be sent in :to him nn or before 31st March. From the same, dared April 2nd, stating that the agri cultural and other- statistics, said to have been forwarded, had nc.i come to hand,— Attended to. From the Assistant- Commissioner of Roads and Railways, enclosing letter from Air A. Lr Ely, with rc-iereuce to the refusal of the coun cil to pay his charges as .auditor. Mr Ely's letter, which was to the same' effect as that to the council, stated also that hut for the in dustry of the present secretary, he would not have been able to audit the accounts of the shire at all." . i r The PRESIDENT moved that Air Elv's letter he handed to Air Aliller, the other auditor, for perusal. — Agreed to. . From -Tames Scott, Indigo Creek, complain ing or the action of Romero and Co. in re moving gravel, rendering the only road to his premises impassable, and asking the council to remedy the evil, or to advise him in flip matter. — Held over. - From the Railways and Roads Department as follows:— "Sir, in reply to your letter of the 2 ;th lilt., requesting that the road from the Indigo Creek to the railway station at Barnawartha may be proclaimed a main road I am directed by the Commissioner to inform yoii that the question of the construction of a branch lme of railway to Beecliworth will re mote precede the consideration of this ap plication; so soon as that is settled, vour re quest will be dealt with ; it is not immediatelv necessary to decide, as no new main road orders can be issued during the present . . or i have the honor to be, &c;, — No action. TTiewa. giving notice From James conncil reBponsible that he would h hong0 or pr0perty for any damag . np go as to stop through road mgfiUea the water in times g which might ground free, < >t to nQW being done at SewTby the council's directions.-No action "S£'B. Hototh t complete works a_ o beams instead ysMSSS b? $s ssrs - - - "lT"Tlr Jnbbto' 2 »' I»al85 the contmnons dry weaiuex u thFromk'joto Maginness, John McCuUooflb, and Peter Fox, to the same effect, with reference to their contracts.— Granted. TENDERS. . The Public Works Committee's report stated that the following tenders tad heen r ceived for the works specified, and recom mended the acceptance in each case of BridgMnearLawBon's, Kiewa ?ndc;S9£;51T8';ACreeS1nd Dumbly £512 103 ; M. Allen, £587 16s 6d ; T. Bankm and Co.. £457 17s 7d. , Upper Kiewa road, near Maroms. M. Allen, £30 8a ; Hunt and Mongan, Loo , H. Pettiford, £36 3. Upper King road, at Seymour's lane &c; — AI. Allen, £20 lis 4d; Jas. Dixon, £67 4s , Hunt and Mongan, £59 10s ; H. Pettiford, Repairs. — Approaches to bridge over Yack- andand3h creek, near usreei a > £18 ; HnDt and Monganr £18 ; J. Dixon, £15; H. Pettiford, £9 10s. Repairs &c.;, to Barnawartha bridge. J. Fitzgerald, £90. Improvements in William-street, Tackan- dandab.— M. Allen, £37 12s ; 3- Pettiford,. £20 103. _ „ , t The worfeat Middle creek. Mccn Wodonga read.— Af. Allen, £70 12s 6d; Cxeely and Dumble, £35 10s. Clearing rives and screwing up bnoge3, near Lairson'3, Kiewa Valley.— M. Allaa, £o0 ; Creely and D ursine,. £47 10s ; T. Bankm and Co., £77 ; Hnxfc and Mongan, £17" ' James Dixca, £40. Gravelling roa5? ftona Wooaen bntfg, to jMr Dfemott's.-AI- Allen, £49 10s ; J. and T. 'Chleen. £43 15s; 51 Hhginnes, £61 15w; H. Pfettiford, £29 las. j Clearing Entheron roai, from J. C. i Smith's contract t&\- Wahgunyah road. — M. A3en;.£30 8s ;' J. andiEl GTrellin, £55 18s ;; J. AToginnes, £31 10s ; Sl- Bfetsiford, £43 4s- Clearing Bntherglemroad, from Dry Cresk to Srifn'n's farm. — M- Allen, £75 ; J. and P. CreSin; £S0 ; J. Magmnesv £55 ; H. Pette- ford, £577153. The PRESIDENT said'-itr was important to> know how much money "wasi available ; anch after some desultory, andj.for the most part,, inaudible- conversation, on > the motion of Cr O'CALSASHAN, seconded: By' Cr WHITE, the report of the Finance- Gfcmmittee was adopted. . MISCELLAXEOWSi It was moved by Cr ROBINSON, seconded by Cr WHFBE, and carried j that the pile- j driver be inspected by the- engineer before I delivery to- any fresh contractor, or hi3 authorised-i gent. It was moved by Cr WO OSMUND, seconded by Cr Ri-BISSON, and carried!, that Mr Romero, the contractor, be requested to remove gravel be had deposited on the ono-chain road, near RicliarasoEfs, Old Barnavtuiha. There was a goodhdest of conversation: cn the sub ject, but asrthere were severaTsubsfiliary con- i versations gemgron among tile eoumcillors, it was impossible: Sir our reporter.' tu> catch the It was mcvediby Cr WOODLAN®', seconded ay Cr ROBIN50N, and carried, .that Messrs Cain, Dalrymple.;. and Co., be requested to re- pair the abeve- mentioned oue-ehaia road, in- : juries havingjbeea caused by The- removal of gravel. . It was mcved by Cr WOODLAND!, that Crs .Pooley, Robinson, Wilson," Tfhite,. O'Calla- I ghan, and the mover be appoihteuliiispectors of roads under the seal of the council during ; their term of- .office. Cr "W OODLAav© said that there- was great ' need of constant supervision being; exercised i over the public tworks going cn.im the shire, I much more so. than the engiheerr could pos- sibly do. AAipresent the councillors had no specific authority to interfere,. but ,he thought his motion wouia meet the difficulty. He ; had omittedBihe.- names of tha -preadent and i Cr Mongan, ns :thfiy lived in the town. Cr ROBHiEOH remarked tfeatif .tiie motion tlwere carried 1 the- new iuspecicM. would have iino powers. The motian- v«s seconded, by.- Cr O'CAL- i LAGHAN, and.carried. j It was m ixed by Cr WO ODSANCi seconded .by Cr POGHEI, and carrit-il,..thaifc: the en- : gineer prepare -plans and speoificatr-ons for a smaR culvestiom the Aliddle Qreefcroad, near ; W odonga, by. nest meeting cfi councal. It was moved: by Cr \VjfcH23E?.sees>nded bv I ur -uuuii,.a2Ki carried, tliat-the- engineer be mstruciedla survey the proposed delation of the lauksindandali ami Bamawsirtha road, i" the Yaekamcmdah and BeechwocferoBd to -Fldde-.aml report to the couuqU:at: Ms earliest csmveuience on the gradienASsreq.iiired, and thaprobsible cost of making.snch.Mad fit for traffic, the engineer to be aab-vei assistance to. theesAent of £3. ACCOTJKIS The FJnacae Committee- recommended pay ment of; the iollowiug assaunis, which weis passei-Ior. payment : — RanhinnACo f0 o % J.ASagun 40 O a Jaimss-Dickson 220 0 Q " VO.v. ... on (v a JnA.M'Cnllough ' .o ? o F,Hunt -...T... on r ? H, Rettivird .....! ® FRlujaaaier " "i_ -w- n jijoQoings z- i < A.;Melyueaux " -,5 q 2 Petty Cash. » "W-. Hone " 0 0 !j:Srd ? .g 0 'Epans Brothers .....:; . : - -i ,2 _®. J.Dickson .1Ji L-Beinhardt ....... ' i'i- '2 , A. Colville ; ?? 0 R. Warren ...... "n il 2 Cr O'CALLAGHAN said thai the thmo cnuin roaa to allow of cattle erossino Tw" Murray, etc,, which had been surveyed W tho Government, had never been proclaimed Fences ware g0iUo rm rftmvdiv . , ed- gather. He moved that the departmlt h; aked why this, the onlv three-cboto ! from below Albury to Wotlonga-, had noWet been proclaimed, and whan it would he so it such proclamation was urgently renuii-ed Seconded "by Cr MONGAN and cawied Vmoved by Cr O'CALLAGHAN condedby Cr POOLEY, and carried" tw n department be requested to mova the « J- fence on the eastern side of ih6 tf "0 creek, so as to leave a two-chain r„„/ ga present the jwssage was difficult and"5 at and all future retmffiolW tested elections for the shire r>An ., cori- a fee of £2 2s. council, receive . Cr O'CALLAGHAN pointed out toe inconvenience occasioned to coSneto great others, by the present order of toaC 0rs. and of- the couucil. These men frequentto 3mCSS Irom a long distance and b came w«itBllkl8»t ntolor emTHlf'83 to tor tha at,,,,, a.f i caused expense, but kept them fro £ y &35J£jssa,a."itt:vK gasted that when these be,s«g" dealt with, some ennneiu l?r, bad been I correspoDdeuca whila ilie saaSS Sf a lUe requited cheques. ShTOMu„7aS| in the bye-laws he necessary, to allow 0| « ' change, he would give notice of motiou Gr-? - alteration ; seconded byCr W00DLA\> carried. After some consultation, it ,.3 cided that no alteration in the bye.lWi . . needed. Cr WHITE moved, seconded by Cr Host. SON, and it was carried, that tenders called for the purchase of the old Wodonga bridge, and that Cr O'Callaghan t? ised to accept the highest. Cr O'CALLAGHAN moved that the pre ; liminary agreement produced by CR Ca- laghan with Mr Ballard be completed a accordance with the term of said agreement and that the secretary and engineer take the necessary proceedings in accordance with the Shires Statute to complete the transfer of the said Ballard's land — that is, that portion of it comprising the proposed road to the Mitta Mitta River, at the contemplated for the proposed bridge over the said river' Bonegilla — and that the engineer make necessary plans, & c, that may be required for the due completion of the said road. Cr O'CALLAGHAN called the attention the council to the fact that at the last meeting of the conncil it had been asserted that Mr Norrie had stated that it was the intention the Towong District Road Board to close road leading to Newnan's punt. He to O'Callaghan) had since received a letter fr the Towong Board (which he read) to £ effect that Mr Norris denied having such a statement to Cr Robinson, and k the Towong Board had no intention of closing the road. On the occasion of the visit the Minister of Railways to the district the question was brought under his notice, after the receipt of the letter he had read from the Towong Board, he hoped no farther obstacles would be thrown in the way of carrying out the work required. Cr WOODLAND supported the view take by Cr O'Callaahan, and seconded his notice Cr ROBINSON said they had heard one side of the question ; they should also hear the other. He held in his hand a reported the last meeting of the Towong Road Board as published in the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, which put a vary different com plexion on the matter. Mr Jeffries differed with the reporter, and the question was, which was true, and which was not. Ha(Cr Robinson) | was prepared to make a statutory declaration that Mr Norris had said that the Towong board offered to change one road for another The PRESIDENT said that the general wish was to keep the road where it was. No argument had least adduced to show that the new road would be preferable to that by' Newman's. It would not make a difference more than a mile- and a-half, and it would cost a very large amount to make the neces sary approaches. They did not want to make crossings every half mile. They should decidedly oppose the motion, and that would probably settle it. Cr WOODLAND said- the matter would not rest.and would never rest till the work was accomplished. IF the proposal had failed to please the president, it had not failed to please the public, the department, and travellers .generally. IThe PRESIDENT said that, when it. Melbourne recently, he had enquired if the department was prepared to subsidise the two bodies tor this work and was told they had no money to doso. Cr MONGAN said that the insinuation that there was an attempt to divert traffic from Wodonga to Yackandandah, was simply ab surd. From Newman's it was 11 miles to Wodonga and: 26 to Yackandandah. (A lengthy and warm argument: across the table here occurred between Crs Morgan and Wood- land). Cr MORGAN continued that be thought Wodonga was foolish to obstruct the com pletion of an existing bridge. CR O'CALLAGHAN, in reply, said with re- good to the advantages of the new route which were denied by the president, the I bridge at Newman's was in a lagoon. and was inaccessible in wet weather. It would cost more than two years revenue of the riding to complete the approaches, whereas an expend! iture of £250 would give theres a bridge over I the river itself, lt was said that the approach on 'the other side was bad, but what did that matter, they would not have to pay for it. Several public meetings had been held at Wo odnga, at which resolutions in favour of this road had been passed. It would be cheaper, I and it would save the Upper Murray people at least three miles. As he had. said, the Yackandandah people were afraid of a ghost, as.one crossing was as near to them as the other The council had no right to dictate to the ratepayers of the North-east Siding, where their money should be spent, but they were afraid that the new road would: do good to Wodonga, and therefore opposed it. The road would be opened independent of this cabel (" cabal," GF O'Callaghan called it), for they would get sevarance, which, had been promised them, ifrthey required it. j T2fe motion, cm- being put, wa8;corried bj i fonir votes to throe Crs O'Callaghan. Wood land! Pooley, and! White being; for. and the President and Gte Mongan and: Robinson against it. OF ROBIN SOcTs moved, and 5Xr SONGAN seconded, and it was carried aftEE-nwioh talk, Ejah tenders be called for within: two weeks for- completing the- approaches to- Newnan's bridge at Bone-jiSa, the preside m and Crs A&ngan; and Robiitoon to have- newer to deal with them. | GF O'CALLAGHAN moved, audi Sr WOOD- | DAND seconded), and it was carried, that the secretary inform the Towong Bbad Board of i jwhat had been- dine, and asR: if they were j jpcepared to bring up a road to-meet them. i _ exgeneeb's bepoilss. I j The engineer-presented a report stating that jjtffie works completed during the past mouth Lwere the bridge at Newnan"&. the Maiu AAo- jSonga- road, 'anil the footbridge at Staghorn JjEiat. Approaches to Newnan's bridge were |required to make it of any service, which pro- rbahly would; aot cost moie than £50. (2.)- I The second olause of the roport stated thai the bridge over the Little giver at Bouegilla. was being proceeded withi in a satisfactory I manner, bur it wouldbe necessary to cut dowi j the - sideling at the corner- of Humphrey's 1 Paddock and metal it, which would not cost I more than £30. (3.) Certain portions of tho I channels? Si Wodonga required cleaning out, I and about 200 cubic' ysyxts of gravel should I be spread on certain ports of High-street. I (4). Wiih reference to the proposed works at I Middle- Creek bridge and to meet tho views I Woodlands, ho had requested in the 1 8Pec0a0Ils that intending contractors 1 should state a price for cutting through the hill andjproperly forming and metalling the road. (5). Recommended cutting a drain down Blorkley lane, to prevent the flooding of the Sydney road. (6). He was not, in the absence of a map yet in a position to report on the damages to the Dry Creek road cuiver; wuicn sau oeen com- t p f.. (")- Estimated the cost of a bridge at House Creek at £70.— So stand over. I ()- Had found, after examination of the I countty. at Berriman's, that no inconvenience I was likely to result from the present track I being fenced in. — No aotion. (9). Recom mended the necessity pi a footbridge being placed over the 'Yackandaudnh Creek, which would cost £6.— Received. (10). The works I of clearing the Indigo-road and the bridge I ovf.r ludigo Crock were progressing in a satisractory tnannor.— The report was adopted, lenders to be called within two weeks for the aram referred to in paragraph 5. No action to be taken m regard to paragraph S. _ rate collector's report. 7? r?to eKeotor reported that during the month he had collected £57 10s in the £.East,- and /£29 in the Bouth-East j COMSIOXS. A memorandum was read from Mr T. W. I wT<-)?1i' reference to a previous com- piamt by the council as to the illegal occupa tion by persons named, of parts of the otnmous under tho control of the council, enclosing memoranda from several Crown I i-3 lliffs' and asking for specific infor- mationaa to the lands alleged to he illegally m, over till next meeting. following accounts were passed for payment : — |B.(Kennedy 0 0 H.;L Smith o 2 e R- Warren... ....... ft 76 HatcheU Mongan 23 2 G hv -nrrrTfm-,K0TICE 0F OTIOX. ini r 1 , Save notice that, at next meet- 17,' be \011ld move that steps should be ;„:® to obtam substitution of grass rights for commonage. . 0 c The couuoil then adjourned. 