FICTION. (rm Bagnio, ImrUM, and o4ber Perlsdtoal*¿ WIFE & NO WIFE. Bv file Author of " Baised to the Tirona." CHAPTER XXXVII. A STABTLING ASNOtTNCEMEKT. Than ara juoçe thingi-in Hemvan and earth. Horatio; Than ara dreamt of in our philosophy. -Suskapeare. George, Durant-was one of the employés of the theatre at which General West was to receive such an ovation, and he took care to secure seats for his wife and sister, that they might share in the pro ceedings as far as looking on went» Martha Watson evinced no particular desire to go-the apathy which cares for nothing, and takes no interest m how the world wagawas-a painful part of her affliction-but Dolly, who could persuade her to anything, per ?nnded her into this. " Tou-mnst-go-tw-takexareof-me, you know," tae little wife said " George won't let me go by my- self." And Maltha waa pleased with the responsi- I blity, and went. Great was the chagrin of the lively Dolly when she found that their seats were directly over the box appointed for the hero of the-night. 4 " We might a« well hayeetayed at home," she said, ' pouting. " We can come "to see the theatre full of vulgar people any night. Itfs homdl" " I oouldn't help %t, dear-it was these seats or nothing, and, until tó-day, they intended him to sit over yonder. Don't ,be cross,,Dolly, make the best of it-there's1 a1 dear." And Dolly, like a sensible young woman, dtd make the best of it ; indeed, it took all her energy to keep her Sster-itt-láw quiet under the disappoint- ment. Her husband had that morning brought home a portrait of the general, and ever since then Martha's apathy bad vanished, and she had been wildly im- patient for the night to come. "Did you ever see him before, Patty?" her brothei asked, " that you are so interested in his portrait V "Se him ! How should I ? How should I know a General ? I never heard the name before ; but I want to see him now, for all that " Her excitement at the disappointment of then: bad places was extreme. "I,must see him-I must See him," she pleaded, when her brother left them to go to his business. " I want to see if he is the man-you know." " What man, dear f " " The man I know of-the one I helped to deceive. I must "be where I can see him or sty brain will burst." He thought she was wandenng, and soothed ber a* well as b» could. " You «hall see him, dear-»-only be quiet I expect he'll show himself to all the house if ne can ; and, if not-F j - " Ay, if not-what then ?" " III get you to sej¿m him, never fear. He doesn't leave New York to-morrow, and he's sure to be about somewhere. We'll: waylay him in the streets if we cant get at him anyhow elsa-and I wish he was at the bottom of the sea," he added, sotto voce " I'm afraid she's going all wrong again, poor soul 1" Dolly wished ardently she had stayed at home wbea-sh« marked her sister-in- law's excitement, and noted the cunous looks of the people about them. "Do sit still, Patty," she said, imploringly, as Martha leaned over -the front of the box in a vain endeavour to see into the one underneath, " the people do »tar* W "Let tbem stare," retorted Martha Watson, re- doubling her efforts. "What is it to ma? I must see ads man." "Butyou cau'fc" " I most, I tell you. Look here Dolly Speight you are my brother's wise, and you ought to be a sensible woman Don't you fancy I am mad, because I am nothing of the sort. My mind has come back to m» with the sight of that man's portrait, I re- member now why I carne to America, and the mis- sion I have to perform here. My senses have come back for a tune. If I am mistaken, I shall lose them for ever 1" " Mistaken in what, I wonder *" thought Dolly to herself. "Oh, I wish George would cornel She's madder than ever, and we shan't see anything after all?', " Anything " was General West, who by this time was bowing and smiling right underneath tbem in response to the thunders of applause that shook the bouse. "I can't see him-I can't see him!" fretted Martha Watson, making frantic efforts to look over, considerably eudangenng lier safety thereby. " ID» sit down!" said Dolly, angrily, disappoint- ment and vexation making her cry. " See how everybody is staling at us r But her words were wasted on the air till the invitation to the General from all parts of the house to come and show himself resounded through the theatre. " Tbererdo you hear P" Dolly said, pulling at her companion's dress. "They want bim to come on «¿battage. Do sit down and behave decently." BûTSïtha Watson grew more excited than ever, holding on by the edge of the box, she strained ber eyes in eager expectation to the stage as the mana- ger made his bnef announcement. " The General is anxious for all his friends to see bim," be »aid And as he epoke he looked up, with a smile, to where the excited woman was leaning over the box ledge, and in another moment the object of Martha's anxiety was on the stags, bowing, with a look of furtive amusement, to the enthusiastic crowd If her sister-in-law's behaviour bad worried Dolly be- fore, it terrified her now. Martha stretched out her arms with a wild sbnek, and gasping out, " It is the man-I can keep my word !" she fell fainting at the the feet of the bewildered people around her. To getter out of the box and into tbe ladies' room was the'work of some little time, and a full half-hour had elapsed before George Durant could leave his duties and get round to see her. She waa quite sensible again, and full of sorrow for having dis- turbed them. " I couldn't help it George," she said ; " I could not help it. If I hadn't seen him I should havegone mad." "And now you bave seen him, dear," he asked, "are-you satisfied?" " I csn-totni/1- she replied. " I know now be is alive, and I can keep my word." " Keep your word, Patty ! What do you mean P" " I wea sent over here, George- sent on my own promise-to prove something; and then came the wreck and the illness ; and when I had found yon I had forgotten all about it. I remember it all now. Get me speech of General West if yon love me 111 tell yon jail when we gathorne." But General West had left the theatre before the actor reached-his box. He had seemed snddenly overcome by something after he left the stage, and had gone away with his friend Mr. Johnson to his hotel. At tb» hotel be learned that the General was not likely to leave ïîew York thanext day, and that be would be accessible to every one between the hours of eleven and three. Martha was quite content when her brother pro- mised to take her in the morning " Ton wülhave to be there," she said. "It con- cerns you and that poor dead woman-for she la- dead-I heard that before I left England." " I know. Mr. Johnson buned her. Ht knew ber long ago." "'Tes, I remember. She used to call bim her 'golden booby,' and make his money pay for the follies by which she attracted others " " Let her rest," her brother said, gravely; " she is dead.. I am thankful, Patty, that her downfall was the salvation of you." "Downfall ! Have you any idea how low she came .tla.tr ** Yes, I know. I met her once. She was cleaner and dresser in a theatre." " Oh, «he-came lower Own that ; she waa-" "She never could have been worse than in her most brilliant days. Don't talk of ber, Patty-don't let her name come to Dolly's ears " George Durant never spoke of Dora Domllon to Dolly. She had heard of the once notonons woman in i Vague sort of way, but had noidea that she was tha wife of whose death her husband bad heard when he came and asked her to marry him, and he had been content to turn that page in his life's history for ever when he stood by the altar 8nd swore to cherish and protect the gentle little ballet «irL General West had, as he was told, left the theatre is a burry. "Come lorne with me, Johnson, if you don't mind," he »aid. "X dont feel as though I could . stand the performance. The people bave seen me ; and that's enough for tbem and for me, too." "Ara you ill? You look desparateiy pale." " Ko/ " Something has upset 700." "Yea." "What?" "Yon saw the woman that screamed and fainted «teni went on the stage. I wish I hadn't been such »fooL , " Never mind-it pleased the people. What about the-woman?" " I know her,-that's all; don't look so astonished, Johnson. I had a history before I came to you, and that woman waa part of it. Order up something hot î I'm shivering all over ; and lil tell yon all about it.? Ha mu shivering violently, though the evening waa warm ; and' Mr. Johnson rang the bell and ordered some of the cunningly devised drinks which MemltOLCome to. perfection, nowhere but in the States. ?* Drink'tiat and put some colour in your face," be.Said; when the-waiter had left the room; "your Up* ara blue." "That woman* face ha» given me the ague, I do ¿fifer«. It wa* like sesing a ghost" " You dont . mean to say she was the woman you told me of-the one who wrecked your life before you came to me P"" "No ; but she was associated with her at that time -she- «va» Dora Dorrilloiis factotum, toady, spy* tool-anythisg that one bad woman, can be to another. They.liad quarrelled before {.was very deeply in her toils, but I knew her and.recognised her in a moment this evening, in spite of the years that have, passed since we met. I must find her out. Why, Johnson, what's the matter P It is you who are pale now." For Mr. Johnson, grasping at the arms of his chair, sat staring at the Bpeaker in wonder and dis- may. " Dora Dorrillon did you say?" he gasped. " Yes." " The actress ! My Dora DorriHon P" " Anybody's, I believe," said the General, bit- terly ; " but my t/oife. I told you my life bad been wrecked hy a woman-I did not tell you that the woman from whom you had freed yourself was the one. Dora Dorrillon was my ruin-like a fool, I thought her story true, and married her. She was in England after the grand crash which made the States too hot to hold her. I believed the tale she told me, and made her my wife, partly in pity for her loneliness, partly lured by ber wiles ; but I only knew her then as Hannah Forrest. It was her true name, as I believe, and it suited ber to tell the truth to win me. She was poor then, and I had money and no brains to take care of it, so I let her fool me into a marriage. My friends would not lift a finger to help me-r-my. father disowned me virtually, if not ostensibly, and I went head- long to ruin till one blessed day I heard of her death." "Oh Lord I oh Lord!" exclaimed Mr. Johnson, running his hand through his hair till it stood on end, and staring blankly at his friend. " Did she die twice over then ?" ." She didn't die at all-she's alive now, for aught I know. I "met her/ ia England a month after I married my darling wife, and thought myself so happy." " She's dead now." " You know it 1" " 1 do." " How ?" " I saw her laid out-recognised her at once for the, woman who had so fascinated me once, and paid for a decent funeral for her. It was all I could do, and there seemed no one else to do it." " Wbere ? When was it P" his companion asked, bis face alternately flushing and paling with intense emotion. " You are not deceiving me or yourself, are you P" "I was not deceived, I am certain of that. I have a locket I once gave her, which waa about her neck when she died, poor wretch ; besides, she had a sear on ber cheek." " Yes, yes,; I remember a three-cornered mark. It was a fall she got, Bhe told me." " Yes, a fall, Mr. Johnson said, with a queer ex- pression on his face. " I know ; you may make yourself quite easy, West, or Mostyn, or whatever your name may be, for I doubt it's not either; she's safe in ber grave, and you are free. I" Yes, free to hold my darling to my heart, to tell her all, to call her mine once more, never to be parted till time sball end for one of us. But where did she die, and how ?" " In Glasgow. Do you remember the fire f "Yea." "She perished in that She lived in the house she lived long enough after the accident to do untold mischief with her tongue, I heard afterwards. I told you I had been at a death-bed, but I did not tell you whose." " And I only saw a brief account of the death of a woman named Woods in the papers. I can't realise what you tell me. The sense of the freedom feels too great-too joyful to be true." " It is true-never doubt it ; she is as surely dead as you and I are sitting here. But I oan tell you moreyet." "Wnat?" " Are you sure you were her husband P" " Sure ? As surely as the Church can bind two people together we two were one. Her husband ! Ay, was I, to my bitter cost !" " Th6n tbere is some one else who claims to have had that honour-one who was just as glad to bear of her death as you were. He went end married a pretty girl directly." " Who is he ? What is his name P Is he oertain he was her husband ?" " What a mouthful of questions all at once ! I should imagine he was very certain. She ruined bim -body and soul, I was going to say ; though I don't think she did. He's a good fellow, and, instead of going to the dogs headlong, ho bos taken Excelsior for his motto, and has worked his way into a good position. He was nearly wrecked in the smash that came when the Dorrillon had to bolt, and he gave her the mark on her face by which I identified ber. I wonder he didn't kill her. I saw it done ; and if ever a mau could plead extenuating circumstances, he could-the she-devil!" " Hush ! Johnson-she is dead ; and she was my wife-remember that" " You thought so, my boy ; but I tell you this man takes precedence of you. I daresay, if her antecedents could be hunted np, he is not the first victim." " What is his name ? Where is be to be found ? 1 pray Heaven I be not dreaming, as I have dreamed before now in the long lonely hours 1 have spent since her wickedness brought such misery on both of us." \- " This is no dream ; the man is here in New York. His name is-what the devil do you want creeping in like that ? Couldn't you knock at the door, man ?" " I did, sir, twice," Baid the waiter, who had en- tered unheard, " but you did not answer ; so I took toe liberty of coming in, sir." " Well, what do you want, now you are in ?" " A gentleman below, sir, íb very anxious to speak a word to the General-says his business is most im- portant, and he won't detain bim a minute." " Whaf s his name ?" " It's Mr. Durant, the actor, sir, he says." " Never mind what he says ; show him up," said Mr. Johnson, abruptly. " It's the man we were talk- ing about General-the man-her husband." General West had hardly recovered from his amazement before George Durant was in the room, apologising for intruding, and rather amazed to find himself warmly welcomed instead of being merely tolerated. " I come from my sister," he said ; " she says she knows the General as a-a gentleman who was mar- ried to-to-" " Yes, we know-to your wife. I don't mean the present pretty little Mrs. Durant, of course, but the one I.kuow of." " Yee. She says that she has como all the way from Europe on the part of a lady there, and helped by her to get me to prove my marriage to Miss Dorrillon. In that case the lady's child is luir to a large fortune and estates in Scotland." "Well?" " Well sir, since she has seen the General, she de- clares that he is the husband of the lady, and the man who fancied himself married to the woman who is my wife. I doubt her mind is gone ; jhe has. been crazy from the effects of an accident for some time, but I could only pacify her by coming here to- night. She would not let me wait till the morning." " Quite right, Mr. Durant. I shall want both you and" your sister to give evidence for me when I want to prove my case," the General Baid. " Poor Patty ! Bhe has paid dearly for her connection with that affair." " She has, indeed," George Durant said, bitterly, " paid for it with her reason, I'm afraid." " She's right about the marriage, sir, of course ; but the lady she speaks of she must have mixed up with it herself in some >way. I know she's a widow ; I've known her for years " " Who is it ?" Mr. Johnson asked. " Miss Blair, the actress, sir. She's Mrs. Graeme by rights ; her husband waa killed in the Crimea ?" " Hardly. Mrs. Graeme íb no widow, though shs thinks she is." " I see it all," Mr. Johnson said, staring blankly. " What a fool I have been ! No wonder you-shrank from meeting her ; you are-" " Her husband-Cecil Gissme I" 