INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE. — EXCUR- SION TO WARRAGAMBA RIVER. To many (perhaps to tho majority) of tho inhabitants of Sv dnoy, tho wild and picturesejuo country traversed by tho Warragamba i« a terra incognita, as to tho existence, direc- tion, and even distance of which, little or nothing is ¡com- monly known. Somo pcoplo have heard of it as prosopting very beautiful river Ecenery, and others may hovo vaguely associated their ideas of it with a rather incomprehensible water-scheme, by means of which, at the trifling cost of three or four millions steiling (moro or loss),'ourMetropolis is to be rendered happily indopjendent of tho Botany Swamps, and Port Jitckson to bo scoured out doily by an everlasting stream that no perverse aptitudo for " silting up" nnjwhere could,, for ono moment, 'withstand. Pcoplo of visionary notions and Utopian tendencies havo talked airily of ' .' tapping " tho Warragamba aud, the Nepean, as if the operation were nothing very serious, instead of au undertaking before which even a Lessops or a Whitton might well stand «ghost. Thcso admirers, how- ever, of Mr. Wboro's woter-Bchemo aro moro familiar1 with tho map than with the 'actual locality proposed to bo operated upon ; and n visit to tho scene soon dissipates any lingering- doubts which they could possibly entertain upon the subject. Mr. Woore'b scheme excites a smile or an exclamation of astonishment on tho part of thoso'who know tho country; but that gentleman certainly do sorvcB somo credit for having indirectly recalled public attention to many long mUes of very beautiful River i Scenery at a comparatively small distance from Sydney^ mid yet, comparatively speaking, unknown. The wont,of ready meonB of communication by water, tho absolutely im~ pas'alle character of tho country, and a very perplçxiug variety of names oil contribute to impart a sort of misty un reohty to the courso of tho Nepean and of tho Warragamba -visited, on Thursday last, by botween forty andl fifty gentlemen, as tho guests'of Mr. G. W. Lord. In tho party wero ecveral of the " delegates " of; the 1 ference, members of both House« of Parliament, and officer« of H.I.M.'b ship Vetter Pieoai, now lying ia tais port. Tho Warragamba River i« a fine «tream in the county of Westmoreland; formed by the confluence of tho Wollon- dilly and the Cox Rivers, and flowing at an abrupt anglo into an easterly bend of the Nepean, or upper portion of the Hawkesbury River. From tho junction of the Groso River with the many-named Hawkesbury (not far from Richmond) up to ? tho junction of tho Warragamba, the river is known as tho " Nepean;" and above the confluence of tho Warragamba the main stream i« usually distinguished (up to as far na Camden) ob the " Cow-pasture,"-and; to the south-west _ of Camden, as tho " Bargo " River. Before receiving tho Cox River as a tributary, tho Warragamba is known as tho WollondiUy, and as such-it flows past tho town of Goulburn. Tho area drained by the Warragamba (exclusive of the Upper Nepcon or Cowpasturo RiVcr) is not less than 3247 square miles, from which it may readily be estimated thattho outflow of water after any heavy rain- fall is very great. The excursion was to the Warragamba River (properly so cuUed), up to a Bpot about fourmile« from its junction with tho Nepean, generally (but per- haps erroneously) considered to bo the Main Stream. The excureionistB assembled at tho Redfern Terminus at 6 o'clock a,m., to leave by a special train for Penrith, the point of deporture by boots. In tho company were Sir James Martin,M.L.A., Q.C., Sir Henry Ayers, K.G.M.G. (South Australia), Mr. G. W. Lord, the Hon. F. P. Barlee (Western Australia), the Hon. J. G. Francis (Victoria), the Hon. E. Langton (Victoria), the Hon. F. M. Innes (Tas- mania), the Hon. J. M. Wilson (Tasmania), the Hon. W. H. Reynolds (New Zealand), tho Hon. J. Docker, M.L.C., the Hon. Thomn« Holt, M.L.C., Mr. J. Lackey, M.L.A., Mr. John Lucas, M.L.A., Mr. W. Forster, M.L.A., Mr. R. B. Smith, M.L.A., Mr. J. J. Phelps, M.L.A., Mr. John Smith, M.L.A., Mr. J. Nowlon, M.L.A, Mr. E. Wobb, M.L.A., Cnptain F. Hixson, R.N., Mr. H. Kennedy, Mr. S. Bennett, Mr. H. Smith, and some other colonists. Six officers of H.I.M.'b Vettor Pisoni were also present-tho Marquess Guiseppo La Via, 'chief executivo officer ; 'Second Lieutenant Enrico Gualterio, Sub-Lieutenants Vito Camix and Alberto Isola, Dr. Antonio Fornaci, and Paymaster Stefono Ricchinrdi. , At a quarter-post 6 o'clock the party reached tho Penrith Roilw ay bridge over the Nepean, where Boven boats wore in readiness (under the judicious arrangements of Captain Hixton) to take the excursionists up tho river. In the courso of n half nn hour or bo, tho boofs nil started for tho "Breakfast Rock," moro than three miles above tho bridge; passing, for nbout two mile« through the open river, with high grassy banks, pleasantly diversified hore and there with patches of the «w amp-oak, tall recdB, and tangled undergrowth. At length, one by one, tho boats quitted the open river-with views of the Blue Mountain Rango on tho right^ and a fine well-wooded country to the ' left-and so entered the , Gorge g of the Nepean, where precipitous rocks, half veiled with trees and shrubs, closely approach the river. By about twenty minutes past 8 o'clock, the whole party had landed at Breakfast Rock, where fire« wore kindled hy the attendants, and nn oxcoUent meal was pro pored, to which everybody «comed to do ampio justice. Breakfast Rock is a large ledge on the eastern side of tho stream, which is hero about 300 feet across. The spot is extremely wild and picturesque, and 'to tho south of it aro twolvuge angular masses of rock, which appear, at somo re- moto period, to hove tumbled hcadlonginto the river. Above the ledge, devoted to refreshment, and on the opposite sido of the Nepean, there aro toworing tree-clad precipices which extend south-westerly for many mUes, overshadow- ing the deep still waters. Leaving tho Breakfast-Rock, tho excursionists moved'on through n natural panorama of river scenery, in which rocks, headlands, woods, caves, and. precipitous glens were successively presented in an endless variety. The Euca- lyptus, with every shade of duU green to bright carmine, the daik foliage of , tho Wild Fig, and creepers, and tho bright green leaves of the White Cedar, lent a peculiar. charm, to tho picture, which, but for the other boots, wa« sometimes almost desolate in its ever- lasting 6ohtnde. and silonce. At obout ten miles ¡ from the railway bridge, and seven or eight from tho Breakfast Rock, the party reached tho junction of tho Warragamba the old mouth of which has long sinco been filled up with earth and hugo boulders, swept down the stream hythe furious outpour of tho accumulated waters. Over this peninsula (at ono. time evidently an island), a flood coming down about five or six years ogo, has rushed with resistless force, destroying everything, denuding the surface, and vi ashing away the uprooted trees. Hereabouts it was pro- posed to construct tho Warragamba Aqueduct. Tho ¡War- ragamba, a fine deep stream, now enters-the so-called Nepean on the eastern side of tho tract presenting such a picture of desolation-contrasting strangely with a fertilo " spot on the adjacent hill, onco the residence of Mr. Self, but now abandoned and gone to ruin. In tho bay of the river, it was at first proposed to dine, but tho idea wa« nbondoncd, nnd tho merry party proceeded four milos up the Warroçnmba to tho head of ita navigation before tho furthest point wa« reached-near a stream of water coming down from a rocky valley overshadowed by gigantic trees. On ascending and descending tho Warragamba, rock waUabics were seen from tho boats. When tho pleasant alfresco banquet was ended, Mr. Lord requested all present to fill their glasse«, and drink that toast which was over tho first and most honoured amongst those who belonged to the British Nation- vyhere Focvcr they might happen to bo. He called upon them to drink to tho health of her Most Gracious Majesty tho Queen. i The toast was drunk with all honour, and was foUowed by cheers. Sir James Martin invited them to drink to tho health of his Majesty the Sovereign of those beautiful countries, now reunited under the sceptre of a great and patriotic Prince, whoso naval servico was so worthily represented in their company on that occasion. King Victor, Em- manuel, as an enlightened and Constitutional Monarch, had always proved himself ta bo the good friend and faithful olly of tho British ; and he trusted that the cordial relations , which had hitherto over existed between hi« Majesty's pcoplo and our countrymen miçht, in our time at ¡least, never be interrupted or impaired. The Constitutional Kingdom of Italy, of aU other kingdoms on tho Continent of Europe, most nearly resembled that of tho United Kingdom, nnd he therefore felt very great pleasure in pro Îosing tho health of his MajcBty Victor Emmanuel, the ting of Italy. The toast was received with loud cheers. ^ Sir James Martin could not deny himself tho pleasure of proposing " Tho Health of the Dolegates of tho Inter- colonial. Conference," now assembled at Sydney with a view to concerting somo desirable arrangements for the common good of tho Australasian Colonies of that? great British Empire to which thoy were aU naturaUy proud to belong. Ho did not, of course, know| how far their good friends tho delegates, were agreed, nor whether their deUherations would prove to bo as successful as was .desired; but this ho did know-not unmindful of former meetings-that ho was extremely glad to bco them on that festivo occasion. It was much to bo hoped that their friends would, in the end, at all oyente, be perfectly successful in carrying out nil tho objects contemplated .for the common good ; but if thoy were ever to attain to tho fuU measure of success, ho firmly believed that much of it would be due to tho effect of such ( social gatherings' as the present; assisting parties!more clearly to understand each other, and moro thoroughly to npprecioto the interests of tho different British communities, with which they were sovoraUy, and moro especially identified. Ho begged to propose the health of their friends the Delegates from the ncighbjuring colonies. , The toast was drunk amid demonstrations of hearty applause. . Tho Hon. J. M. Wilson (of Tasmania) had vory groat pleasure in acknowledging tho tonst which hod been so kindly proposed by Sir James Martin, and so heartily re- sponded to by that company. Sir Jame« and he had mot on a previous occasion, and that gentleman had thenj been most earnest in impressing upon thom all that no laws or unions should ever bo agreed upon, but Buch as ' wera British. In that view also ho (Mr. Wilson) had entirely concurred. (Cheers.) Speaking for himself and tho,other delegates, ho could not but express the great satis- faction which they had oU experienced, on that and on every other occasion, at their reception (cheers)-and ho would likowiso beg to add, that their' coidiol appreciation of the wild and beautifully picturesque i-cenery they had that day been brought to seo had boen -very materially enhanced hy tho presence amongst them of the gallant gentlemen who stood there with them as guests \- tho Officers of H.I.M. ship Vottor Pisani. (Cheers.) As regaidcd the present Conference, ho desired to state that ho entirely concurred in tho sentiments which Sir James lind expressed in'regard to the common Britishu feeling with which they ought to bo aU animated as Australian colonists. In that ieelingho and all tho other delegates w ero of one nnd the somo mind. The present Conlercnco might, very possibly, 'not bo ablo to accomplish everything that was desired, but they must persevere until they did ; and they would, at all events, never for a nibment forgot that thoy ¡wera brothers in the ono great Australian family. , (Loue), cheers.) Their meeting that' day 'could not but tond, as ho thought, to strengthen that common fraternal feeling ; und, speaking for himself and tho other dologatos, ho wished, in conclusion, to Bay that thoy could not possibly have desired a mora pleasurable excursion than had been thoughtfully prepared for them that day by their,good friend Mr. Lord, on that calm beautiful river, sweeping for miles and miles, through rocíes and woods, onwards into the deep bosom of the Pacific. (Cheers.) , , | . Sir Henry Avers, of South Australia, said that the delegates were indebted to Mr. G. W. Lord for ono of tho most delightful days that thoy had spent since thoy had been in this colony. Since their arrival hero thoy had met with nothing but manifestations of hospitality and kindly feeling on tho part of thoir fellow colonists in Now South Wales; but certainly no invitation of the many received hnd afloidcd him nnd his bi other delegates from tho other colonies moi o pleasure than that which lind led to i their being osteniblcd thoio that day. Ho begged to propose tho health of Mr. Loid. ' I Tho toast was drunk amidst loud and long-continued cheela. Mr. Loud felt really quito overpowered through tho double convph'ment paid to him by the terms in whioh Sir Henry Ayers had proposed his health, and tho very cordial manner in which the company had responded to that cour- teous invitation. No ono could possibly bo moro pleased than ho wa«, in this opportunity of being ablo to entertain them, and proud indeed should ho be could he but suppose that anything which he could do might in any degreo tend, I to promoto a yet moro cordial understanding between tho different Australian colonie«. StiU, there could bo no doubt of the fact that the tendencyof Buch BocMreunions must he tewaifl» gut which was beneficial, Jt was, oí ww, in* ' possible to divine tho result« of tho present Conference, but he thought that its having met at all must be for good, and that simultaneous social gathering« such as that (when graver work had boen disposed of), could not faü of haying ltB duo effect in "rounding off all angularitiea," and in creating a better and moro cordial «tata of fooling between all the colonies. (Cheers.) Tho Marchese Giuseppe La Via, chief Executive officer of his Italian Majesty's ship Vettor Pisoni, hero rose, and (on the part of himself mid lus brother officers) begged to reciprocate tho oourtesy which had been shown by the company in drinking tho health of his Majesty,-tho King of Italy. Ho begged to assure thom all that they had been sensibly touched by the compliment which had been paid to his Sovereign, to his country, and to the service to which he hnd tho honour to belong. Ho proposed tho health of her Majesty tho Queen of England, and coupled with that toaBt ho and his brother officers dosirod to drink to the prosperity of tile Australian colonies. (Cheers.) The call was heartily responded to, and a second time tho company drank Queen Victoria'« health, associating there« with aspirations for tho continued prosperity of all theso colonies. The Hon. Francis M. Innes (of Tasmania) would be very sorry to think that there could be any difficulty in re- sponding" to the toast which had jimt been proposed by tho gaUant Chief Executive Officer in command of the Vettor Pisoni, and so cordially received hy that company... For his brother delegates, for that company, and for himself, ho begged most cordially to thank tho îttarquis La Via for tho toast he had proposed. They were all much pleased to find fheir Italian friends that day amongst them; for in every colony-nay in every part of the wholo British Empire there wob, and there necessarily must bo, a very lively and sympathetic interest in tho resurrection of Italy« (Enthusiastic' cheering.) Ho was proud to ho there to express that interest in which thoy nil so cordiaUy con« turred. There, in a remoto and sequestered spot, at tho very ends (na it were) of tho earth, the representatives o£ the different cole nies of Australasia-tho very existence of which was unknown when tho History of Rome was tho History of tho World- rejoiced, through him, to welcome the naval representatives of a regenerated,, completely resuscitated, and Reunited Italy - a country to whoso ancient literature and antiquo historic heroism tho wholo human race hod been so largely indobted. (Renewed "cheers.) They should not henceforth need to be told that Italy was again herself amongst tho nations, for thoy had had ocular proof of that great fact in tho presenco of their fellow guests-men attached to a service which was ono of old renown, and most justly endeared to British sympathies. Italy, regenerated and free, with every prospect of a prosperous future, again took her place amongst -tho nations ; and in Australia thoy welcomed her Sons as those of a land some had supposed to have been long dead. But such, happily, had never been tho case. Italy had bees dormant only, not dead, and she was now roused from her deep sleep-again awake to her duty and to her rosponsibiU« tiCs. _ Her present hopeful state was ample proof to all that a nation may long bo dormant, and her living energies yet bo undecayed. -(Cheers.) Tho eloquence, tho patriotism, and tho grand renown of ancient Italy might henceforth bo expected to react with yet greater force upon the civilized world, whose best aspirations and most glorious privileges hnd owed so much forages to tho master minds of Greece and Rome. On behalf of the Australian colonies ho begged to return thanks to their noble and gaUant friend, and to his brother officers. (Enthusiastic cheers.) The afternoon was pretty far advanced when the party left the head of the navigation of the Warragamba, and dropped down the river to the "Junction," which was reached about 6 o'clock. The party then went up the Nepean for a short distance, until the naviga- tion became somewhat impeded and hazardous, when they landed and walked through the woods to Norton's Basin, a singularly beautiful, spot, where the river ex- pands into a small deep lake, walled in (on the eastern side by a steep precipice, in the face of which is a cave difficult of access, once the haunt of a notorious bushranger. On the south- west side of the basin is the Double Cataract of the Nepean, which is here again enclosed in a mountainous country. Having rested here for awhile, the party returned to their boats and began to descend tho Nepean. Night overtook thom soon after thoy entered the gorge, and it was half-past 9 o'clock or later, before the last boat came down to the bridge. The excursionists arrived in Sydney by the train at half-past 11 o'clock, tired out, but much delighted with their trip to the wildse of the Warragamba. 