WAKRNAMBOOL. (FROM OOE OWlf CORRESPONDENT.) Januarv 2. The Friendly Societies' annual demonstra tioo and sports, held here yesterday, proved very attractive. Early in the day, large numbers from Belfast and the adjacent towne pourfd into WarrnambooL At the hour fixed, the ground was very respectably sprinkled, I cannot Bay crowded, for our park would have held twenty thousand more com fortably. Although most of the oracks w«re nKooni*. at RrnvthpFtdftlp^ mnannlar Phriattonitn was well repreesented, as the large number of entries for the various events showed. It was at one time thought that the weather would be unfavourable, and indeed a smart shower fell, but the sky soon cleared, and a beautiful afternoon followed, the dust being the only drawback to the enjoyment. The publicans did a good thing, and a solitary wheel -of - fortune man, with two associates ' button ing.' seemed also to be doing business. The committee had prepared a good course, which was highly spoken of by the visitors, who carried «S a fair share of the events of the day. Tbe first event was The Maiden Plate, 100 yards j heats. First Prize, £2 10s j second prin». 15s. First H-at — Torr, 1 j J. H. Harper, 2. Second Heat-W. Bradford, 1 ; J. H. Harper, 2. Torr fell. Toe run-off resulted in Bradford beatiDg Torr, who lost some yards by a bad start. Running High Jump Handicap. First prize, £1 ; second prize. 7s 6J. Four entered. Tbe match Jay between O'Kcfe.Creightnn, an-i Mills. Thetwoformer jumped well, O'Keefe clearing the highest leap, but they were bwdioapped completely out of it, and the prize was given to Mills, who jumped 4ft 9io, Friend y Societies' Cup, value £15 15s, to be won twice at Friendly Societies' annual demonstration ; second prise, £8; third prise, £3. Three distances— 100, 300, and 440 yards. There were 4 competitors. The first beat tntfifmn by 3. Cast, who received two yards start, W. Bradford Becond, and W. M. Carmiohael third. Handicap Hurdle Race, 230 yards, over twelve hnrdles. First prize, £3 ; second prize, £1. Won easily by a runner from Purnim, named Matheson ; OKeefe second. Friendly Societies' Cap ; second event ; 3QQ yards. Matbeson, \ ; Oarmichael a ? Boohe, 3. A good race. ' --?--?. Maiden Walking Match, one mite. Mrst p»i*», £2 ; soennd i-rii«, 15s. A good timber entered, bnt the match lay between,}. G»lvip and E Mitohell, who both walker} well, Galviu beating Mitchell, who was in anything but condition, by about three yards, B^^p Flat fiaoe, 150 yards. Tint prize, £2; second prize, 15e. This was won, after .9 goo/1 woe, by O'Keefe, Sfldia a. fa^raeoond, wth wT&ug; third. Handicap flat Eace, one mile. First prize, £5 5a ; BMono1 ro- ftze, £2 2s. ' GeorRe Torr, F. Marinind, W. Eastward, also others uakoown, tohm^ staffed for this;, event, which was won after a good straggle by 3?. Manninp. Georee Ton- second. Both men were greatly exhausted. Friendly Societies' Handicap; third event: 440 yards. This was a good race, and was won by Carmichael, Matheson second, Roche third. Attafldidnotrtarfc friendly Sxaetifis'. Trophr, value £3; 300 yards j ttanfficap. r * * ' * Won by W/Haig, alter a good race. Handicap T^ilkmg Match, two miles. First prize, fS ; second pri^a, '£% ,_A. wgfe nntnber^tsrted' for this evpnt fianl, who riiade*' jworshowin the Maiden Iftslkiiig tofltdi, jwieired ? liberal haodioip, «oa me 'Bim»B$*JH- prophets' «n ibis occasion, winning eisily, P. Haughey second, and W. Benson third. Handicap Steeplechase, 440 yards, over twelve hurdles. First prize, £4; second prize, £1 10s. The race was won by Lacblan M'Lean, O'&eefe; second. The jumping was bad, owing to the hnrdles being very close. CooBolation Handicap, 300 yards. First prize, £2; second prize, 15s. Won by Roche, Fletcher second, Gough third. The special prize of £5 given by Dr. Loftus, to be competed for at 440 yards, all starting from scratch, was won by AttriU, O'Keefe second, and Bristow third. Mnch amusement was caused by tbe race for a new hat, 100 yards, open to men over 14 stone. Messrs. Ogle, Baillie, and Harris, competed. Harris was leading, bnt was ?ripped by Bailie, who was disqualified, the hat being awarded to Ogle. A race between Messrs. W. Mendell and S. G. Macot-piror wjui won hv tbt* formAr. wbn was much too fit-el for his opponent. I cannot conclude -this without referring to tbe arrangements of the ground, and the handicaps, which, to say the least, were simply wretched. The handicaps were not known notil the competitors were about to start, and the judges* decision on the result of a race was not posted up. Attempts had been made by some one to scratch the names of tbe winners on the side of a booth with chalk, but this arrangement, though admir able in its way, was hardly appreciated. The Committee were very hard at work measuring the distances, long after the advertised time of starting, and the runners were kept shivering in their running costume for twenty minutes or half an hour awaiting a start. As to the 100 yards heat for the Cup, it was a mere farce ; owing to the wisdom and gentle manly consideration of the committee. Xt appears that Mr. A. F. Attrill addressed the committee through the Examiner, requesting that this race should be run in heats. How ever, that body took a suggestion intended for the best as a most unwarrantable inter ference with the exercise of their duties, and permitted thirteen or fourteen men — some of whom received long starts — to run 100 yards together. The consequence was that the men at scratch had not the ghost of a chance to get through, and tbat the best man didn't win. Two members of committee were sub sequently asked tbe reason ot this extraordi nary proceeding. They replied tbat Mr. Attrill had great impertinence in taking the course ne ma, ana wat tney were aecerminea to take do notice of him. They added, how ever, that they intended at first to rnu it in heats. It appears from this, then, that they did take notice of the letter, and acted in a manner which was highly unfair. Then as to the handicaps. I might give fifty instances of the utter incompetency of the faandicappers — aga nst the judgment of whom the cries of competitors were load and long— but will content myself with two or three of the milder blunders. In the 150 yards handicap Gough and fiocbe were placed level, Rocbe heatiog Gough. However, when it came to tbe Consolation Stakes, Gough had to give Roche 10 yards in 300 ! It mnst be remem bered, also, tbat Roche showed np for the Cup far better thin Gougb did. Again, Attrill gave Gough 10 yards in 300 in Belfast on Boxing D iy, and beat him ; here Gougb only received 8 yards Btart at the same distance. The handicappers gave Gough 8 yards Btart in 150, and placed Cust at scratch, because the latter won tbe 100 yardB beat of tbe Cup with a start. Thns Cust was completely out of the race. It may be stated, in connexion with this, that Gough is every inch as good a man as Cnst, and can De backed in Warrnambool to rnn him level. Such handicapping as this will do little for tbe advancement of athletics in Warrnambool or anywhere else. The day's festivities concluded with a dramatic performance at the Orderly Room, in which several amateurs took part, tbe ladies appearing for the first time. Tbe house was crowded in every part, and the entertainment went off welL 