^DELUSIONS OF MEDECINE. If we regard the mass of people among whom we fire _ living, we arc soon convinced thax intellectually «is well us bodily they are of very differ ent a^es, Unfortunately the propoi tion of those adult in mind is but small compared with those adult id body. M.ost men are in the infantile or child—like condition. When, therefore, we speak of the high intelligence of the age we must mr.erober that the remark applies to the few, and that these types of ad vance disseminate ideas with more or less difficulty through the masses. Nay, itiore, if tio fin* ahead 01 the times, generations may elapse before their writing are credited. Because the community as a whole does thus lag behind \the age,jt is of interest to us as physicians to Study the medical ideas of former times, for we shall find that all those beliefs are prevailing in the various grades of so ciety, and must be contended with, and often, alas, submitted to. It is instructive to the philosophical physi cian to trace, as in the case of Greece, the passage through fetiohism, miraclc cure, and astrology to a sound system of medicine sncli as that propagated by Hippocrates, well called the Divine Old Man. Jn the rest of Europe—and from this point of view Americans are Europeans—the same progress has taken place as its-nations have passed through their infancy and childhood toward the adult condition. Jn considering the cures of all ages they may be divided into two classbs: first, cures % imagination; and se cond, cures by remedies, drugs, or hygiene. Under the former head Yh^uld be put miracle-cures, invoca tion, exorcism, astrological medicine, amulets, ehanns, talisnians, and mes merism ; and under the latter a large part of the present plan ot treatment, alchemical in its origin, in whi<;h drugs are relied upon to crush disease They will eventually be succeeded by the expectant and sustaining system, such as Hippocrates taught when he says that disease is caused by fermen tations and other chemical changes m the fluids of the body, and that relief comes when such substances are dis charged that such changes may be local, as in erysipelas, or geueral, as in a ftver. The power of the physician is to be shown by helping on the eli mination. He should watch carefully the progress of tlie.disease, and guide it without trying to stay it. When he had learned the course of a disease he may predict the issue of a case from experience. Let us then in the first place consi der cures depending upon the imagin ation, apparently so supernatural. That the mind can exercise a strong influence over the body might be proved by a thousand instances. Even such an insensitive tissue as the hair is authentically stated to have turned white from grief or fear. As Scott in Marmion says, For deadly fear can time outgo, And blanch at once the hair. The sad case of Marie Antoinette will occur to every ones mind, al though the French revolutionists ac counted tor that in another way, Jaundice has been caused by a parox ysm of anger, and the rcliet^of tooth ache, by ascending a dentist's steps. Who has not suffered by a fit of the blues, wheu. " the soul melteth away for very heaviness/ Macbeth may well say to the physician, Canst tliou not minister to a mind disciscd ; Pluck from the memory a reaffetl sorrow; Roze out tlie written troubles of tlio brain ; And, «itb some sweet oblivious antidote, Cleanse tlie stuffed bosom of tliat perilous stuff Wfaicli iveiglis upon !heart? But more than this Chaucer sings— Men may die of imogination» So depe may impression be Uke; and it is well known that Sophocles died of joy when his last tragedy was crowned with success. Conversely, tlie l?ody, c«ir? re;icfc on tlie mind; lor"Voltaire profound^ *e marks that the fate of empires is de cided by the intrigues of women and the constipation of kings. Taking for granted, then, that ima giniition°can govern the operations of the body in instances where the im pression is strong enough, consider the case of a nation in . its infancy. Every natural object contains a good or bad spirit, and multitudes ave wan dering disembodied through the air. Draper's Intellectual Development well may say of the Middle Ages of Europe: " In its opinion the earth, the air, the sea, were full of invisible forms. vWith more faith than even by paganism itself were the supernatural powers of the images of the gods ac cepted, only it was imputed to the in fluence of devils- The lunatic was troubled by a like possession. If a cprinc discharged its waters with a periodi«;al gushing of carbonic yc'd gas.it was agitated by an angel; it an unfortunate descended into a pit and suffocated by the mephitic air, it was by some demon who was secreted; if the miner's torch produced an ex plosion, it. was owing to the wrath of some malignant spirit guarding a trea sure, and whose solitude had been ilstiirbed. There was no end to the stories, duly authenticated by the best human testimony, of the occasional appearance of such spirits under visi ble forms; there was no grotto or cool thicket in which angels or genii had not been seen ; no caverns without its demofi#3 ThouPfbe nalnes! were not given,itweiL||i<lerstood that the 1 air. bad its sylphs,the earth its gnomes the fire its salamanders, the water its undines; to the day belonged its Ap paritions, to the flight its fairies. The foul air of stagikint places assumed the visibles form demons of abomi nable aspect; the \ap_losive gases of mines took on the slmpe of pale-faeod malicious dwarfs,' with leathery ears hanging down to thejrtshoulders, and in garments of grey clojh." Sorrounded by such objects of mar vel and fear, was it wonderful I hat men "adopted the notion tKat disease was a possession by desire ? When a patient was stnigglipflpn an epileptic tit, did in not indepascem as if a de mon was strivingpxo obtain possession" of his body, and was n( t exorcism by holy men, and fervent prayer for aid by some benign spirit, a natural resort for their infantile and fetich-ridden minds ? Such beliefs were as real to them as the ghosts of a dark room are to children now. A profound desire to conciliate and form alliances with powerful spirits or with the devil was, therefore, a natu ral consequence of those times, -and hence arose the various practices of magic and the belief in witchcraft. It is impossible for me to point out clearly the periods when these ideas originated, flourished, and died, be cause in a mixed community there are men of all intellectual ages, the infants being perhaps half a dozen centuries behind the adults, and all cherishing their own delusions. Multitudes of the supertitions of the Middle Ages flourish before our eyes. I have but to mention a horseshoe to bring the fact home. Even among the most cultivated a leaven of superstition survives; and while we may blame Celsus for attributing diseases to the anger of the gods—" Morbos ad iram deorum immortalium relates esse"— we should remember that many gen tlemen and ladies of to-day will pale with fear if salt is spilled, and would as soon see their death-warrant signed as sit down thirteenth to a dinner. 