THE ROMAN CATHOLICS AND THE BOARDS OF ADVICE. to the editor of the age. Sir, — In your issuo of Saturday " Verus Catho- licus" attempts to answer tho queries put by " Reasonable" in a previous issuo, viz., 1st— Why Catholics refrain from taking any part in tlio election of tho hoards of advico, and 2nd — What is to liccomo of tho Catholic teachers and their families if thoy (tho Catholic teachers) aro not permitted to accopt office under tho now Educa tion Act. To tho first question " Vcrtts Catkolicus" replies by an elaborate definition of tho word Catholic, through which, as it is totally irrelevant to tlio subject, I will not follow him ; but when ho at tempts to prop up his argument by a scriptural quotation, 1 think ho might havo given tho wholo of that quotation, not a garbled extract from it. " When Our Lord blessed bis apostles," says " Verus Catholicus," " ho told them as ministers of his kingdom to teach jail nations," (but ho forgets to add tho context of tho scntcnco to which he (refers, viz., " baptising them in tlio name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." If " Verus Catholicus" had given tho wholo of tho sentence, it would at onco be apparent to tho most limited capacity that tho mission of the apostles was to teach religion ; and necessarily the mission of their successors must bo the samo. Ho then argues that tho church or its delegates aro by this command of our Saviour authorised to teach tho people. But thero is not a word about " delegates" in the passago of Scripture to which I10 refers ; and if such be understood, it would refer as well to " baptising" tho nations as to teaching them. Does " Verus Catholicus" mean to say, then, that tho church can dclegato tho power of administering tho sacrament of bap tism? No one disputes tho mission which he claims for the apostles and their successors of teaching "all nations," but tho plain and unmistakable interpretation of tho command is, that it was to teach them tho great truths of religion, of which baptism was to form a part. If " Vonis Catholi cus" could find any reference to reading or writing, to grammar, geography, or mathematics in any scriptural authority bearing 011 tho ques tion, ho would doubtless liavo furnished us with it, for lie is evidently not at fault as a theologian. Ho utterly fails, however, to show that tlicrc is anything beyond tho mere ipse dixit of clergy men to prevent Catholics taking part in tho ad ministration of tlie new Education Act. His essay on the duty of tho Stato, and tho indissolubility of marriage, lias nothing to do with tho question, and I am not disposed to controvert tho doctrine, on which tho church lias dogmatically prenounced. But what grounds has "Verus Catholicus" for supposing that Air. Stephen "will authorise books and talcs, the heroes and heroines of which will bo in tho eyes of Catholics adulterers and adulteresses" ? Are thero not Protestants, laymen and ecclesiastics, who are as orthodox on the subject a? Catholics ? And if Air. Stephen or any other Minister of Edu cation attempted to tamper with the faith or the morals of tho pupils, is it to bo supposed that his colleagues or Parliament would silently permit him to do so ? '' Verus Catholicus" again attempts to impose on the credulity of his readers when bo talks of tho alteration effected in the books of the Irish national schools. Tho alteration was discovered and tho books condemned, a circumstance which led to tho resignation of tho late Dr. AVbcatley, who was tho author of these alterations. But what does tho fact provo? Why, that owing to tho prosonco of Catholics on tlio board, any attempt to tamper with the faith of the Catholic children was oxposod and defeated. It is for a similar reason that I say it is most desirable that the Catholics should bo represented on tlie boards of advico, and I pre dict that beforo another year lias passed away the necessity of their being so represented will havo forced itself on tlio Catholic clergy. I liavo but ono other point to touch on 111 tlio letter of "Verus Catholicus." IIo says the Catholic teachers "must suffer it need be," rather than take office under tlio present system. But tho teachers themselves must have some thing to say on this part of tho subject. It is too bad that thoso who are commanded to " teach all nations" should Icavo tin: "suffering" part of the business to their "delegates" while they roll in luxury thomsclves. " Vei ns Catholicus" tells us how, in tho early ages of tho church, tho popes and bishops suffered martyrdom for the faith, but tho clergy of Victoria prefer snffering vicari ously. The " tribulation which is impcudiii" is reserved for their "delegates," who arc counselled to embrace it even as tlio apostles did ! If tho teachers were tlie acknowledged successors of the apostles, there would bo some reason in tho ad vico given them, but those who claim to be such prefor martyrdom by proxy. We are often re minded — and very properly — that those " who S reach the gospel sliould live by the gospel." ut there is a reciprocal obligation 011 which there is not so much emphasis laid, viz., " that tlioso who livo by the gospel should preach it," and not exact the work gratuitously from " dolo- catcs." — I am. Sir. vours. kc., A ROMAN CATHOLIC. Melbourne, 18th June. 