CHAPTBB XXIII. BANNAH F0BBEST BSBÀgB. Tread softly-bow the head- en rev'rent «Dence bow Ho passing yell doth toll, Terna immortal soul Is paasjnginow.-Caroline Bowles. "The air seems alive with ghosts," Mr. Fox said to himself, after his encounter with Mr. Johnson's secretary. " I never saw such a likeness in my life, neverl Arthur Mostyn ! Did Cecil Graeme's father ever go asfray in his young days, and send this living ' likeness of hi« lawful son out into the world to puzzle people, I Wunder ? Poor old fellow ! if be ever did lend himself to Ce sowing of wild oats, they're bringing up a plentiful crop of heavily-laden ears now." Musing on the strange likeness of Mr. Johnson's i secretary to his dead client, he arrived at the theatre door, Jt was the first time ha had ever presented himself at the stage.dopr of a theatre, and he had no idea what manner of place it was, or what bia recep- tion might be. A door opening with a spring, ad- mitted him to a place where, in a room no bigger than a glass box, sat a grim-looking flld man in spectacles, surrounded by keys, bills, Tetters, and all the insignia of bia office. This personage stopped him as he was passing further along, m hopes of finding someone to take him to Hester. " No admittance here," he said gruffly. " I want to get to the stage," said the lawyer, in all innocence. " Ah, I daresay." " Is this tho way ?" "Yes." "Then I must go ; I want to see Miss Blair." "You can't pass here," said the man, doggedly. He was a bit of a character, and never wasted his words. " But I must, my business is urgent. Tell me bow to get at her, please." " There's a great many comes after Miss Blair, and they all say their business is very important," was the cool reply; and the hallkeeper proceeded to un- fold his supper-a bunk of bread and cheese, in a newspaper-and to eat it with a clasp-knife, to Mr. Fox's great irritation and dismay. "My business is life and death," he said. "Be good enough to send some one in with my name at once, or take my card yourself." The hallkeeper began to see that there was some- thing more in the gentleman's visit than mere idle curiosity, and he condescended to lay down bis mouthful uneaten, and attend to what was said to him. " I think when a gentleman comes on business, and looks as if he meant it, you might do worse than tag. the risk of being reported to your employer for insolence," Mr. Fox said quietly. "Send up that card at once, please, and don't make such blunders again. Do % look like a man who comes dangling after 800:66868?" "No, by the Lord Harry, you don't 1" Baid the hallkeeper to himself, as he emerged from his box and went into the passage to seek some messenger to take the card ; and, to do Mr. Fox justice, that gentleman did not look like a lady's man. j^ery plainly dressed at all times, he looked positively Bhabby now. Coated with splashes of mud and dust, and grimed here and there with smoke, he was hardly the sort of person to want an interview with a pretty actress on anything but business. A messenger waa soon found, and returned with the " open sesame" nscessary to procure him ad mittince and in live inmutes the lawj er was stand- ing at the 0 P. entrance of the stage, waiting for Hoäter. It was an unknown world to him, this region of canvas and carpenters' work, and he stared about lum in no little amazement He «as verj fond of the theatre, Iik»d a good plaj verj much, but till now had never bad his illusion dispelled bj a sight of the hidden machinery which goes to make up iuch R charming tout ensemble to the pyes of the specta- tors in front He had never seen how houses are propped and railway trams propelled-how fames flj and naiads swim nor fancied bow men in paper caps could be the presiding genii of the pretty scenes that rise and sink with such magic effect " How can they act or speak with all these queer people about ?" was his thought as he stood watch- ing Hester, who had not seen him, and was acting the part of the blind girl with mdescnbable pathos and beauty " You want Miss Blair, I think ?" said a voice at his elbow, and, turning round, he saw the manager beside him " I do Will j ou kindly tell her as much ?" " Is it anything very particular ? She is at a critical part of the piece now, and she dislikes being disturbed very much Your card was handed to me at the time Miss Blair was on the stage " " I am her solicitor-I must see hei " " Surely but not till tue piece is over A quarter of an hour will finish it "My business is of life-and-death moment! A woman is djing in the hospital here who bas some- thing to tell Miss Blair which may affect her whole life There is no time to be lost ' " Dear me ! ' said the manager, with a look of con- cern " I will go to Miss Blair at once May I beg you to take a seat here-a little farther back, please, and then, if anj thing should happen to our curtain lopes, it will not fall upon your head " Mr Fox looked up and saw the great roller with its ropes and pullejs directly over his head, and sat further back, not wishing for sudden death, exactly as the manager wished , he was where Hester would not be likelj to see lum *'I can't ask j ou to come round to the other aide," the manager said polite!}, "or, rather, I will not. Miss Blair leaves the stage alwajs through the door you see there ; but, to get there will entail your get- ting down under the stage, or running the risk of making an unexpected first appearance by scramb- ling among tbe scenery at the back. I will bring her to you, you are close to the door bene. And off he went, and Mr. Fox sat still and waited witn how much patience those who wait can tell ; but Mr. Murgafield had not the slightest intention of, disturbing Hester till the piece was over. " Not for all the old women m Glasgow," he said to himself. "She'd fly off the stage and leave the piece unfinished, and tliere'd be a pretty to-do. No, no, Mr. Fox ; you must wait." And he did wait, and even in his dismay he thought what a splendid actress the sad little widow had de- veloped into. She had never looked more lovely than she did in the flowing robes of the blind girl. Her petite figure and flowing hair made her look al- most childlike, and the wonderful mobility of her fea- tures made her look as though she was really devoid of sight. There was no expression in the eyes which turned hither and thither as she was spoken te. Every other feature in her face spoke with visible eloquence, and the audience sat enthralled by the marvellous charm of her voice and manner. Mr. Fox felt himself forgetting how the time was pass- ing-forgetting poor Hannah Forrest and her fast fleetmg-life, m the wonderful fascination of the favourite actress. "Small, brown, and mean-looking, MISB Grteme called her," he said to himself. " Small and brown she may be, but queens have been petite and dark before now, and she looks e% cry inch a queen. She's worth her weight m gold, and that's more than Miss Mona will ever be in lead " Hester's soft voice rang out into the still house, the childlike answer to her lover's question about the use of ber pyes " Joy comes to see through them, grief ebbs away through them, and thou canstask-to what wise pur- pose Heaven hath gifted me with eyes !" Looking straight at her stage lover-straight be- yond him, rather-with the unemotional e\ es which, as the story goes, had never known sight, King Rene's daughter saw Mr. Fox sitting on the opposite side of the stage. Instinctively she felt that he wanted her, and turned very pale. The gentleman acting with her saw it, and whispered a hurried enquiry if she were ill. With an almost imperceptible answer in the negative she went on with the business of the piece, and acted it to the end with her heart beating with sudden terror-she hardly knew why. The curtain down, she flew to his side. " You want me ?" "Yee." "What for'" " Hannah Forrest " "Yes. What of her?" " She is dying." "Where?" " There, in the hospital " " And wants me p" " Yes She sent me for you. She has something to tell you." " The secret. Oh, let us go '" She turned in dismay, and saw the leading man and the managei close to her. " They are calling you, Miss Blair." " I can't come I must go," she said wildly. " Even now I may be too late. Say I'm ill-gone anything. I cannot come to-night," " They will tear the house down, my dear," the manager said. " It won't take a minute-come." And he drew aside the heavy curtain himself, and almost forced her on to the stage. She saw nothing, beard nothing, though the audience rose at her ap- pearance, and waved handkerchiefs and clapped hands till the place rang agnn. Hannah Forrest had sent for her ' The hour was come at last wbeu she should know the fatal secret which bad sent her husband away, to die an outcast, amid the trampling of hoofs and tbe thunder of cannon, and had made her life a weary, hopeless burden from that hour. She curtseyed mechanically-seeing the dark face she so dreaded in every smiling welcome waved to her from the bright circle of beauty m front; she picked up the flowers thrown her, and smiled back a smile with such a pain m it aa -struck upon the hearts of more than one present. " That woman bas a story," suid Mr. Johnson to his daughter, as Hester disappeared " Her face is enougbt to give one the heartache to see it " " It wasn't just now," she replied. " She looked as loj ous as a bird in the sun." " The glamour ia past, and we see the reality now," was his answer, and, unconsciously, he had bit the truth. ?' Now-now," Hester said impatiently, thrusting her flowers right and left into anybody's hands that would take them " Let us go at once." She had hardly let the curtain close behind her before she spoke, so eager was she. " My dear Miss Blair, you ara not dressed," the maniger suggested. *' Pressed ' Do you think I will stop to dress ? Oh, where is my cloak ? Don't hinder me," she said wildly, as her dresser came with her waterproof, and put it o\ er her shoulders. " See if they are waiting for me, please ," for Hester had a brougham now to take her to and from her business, and " Miss Blair's carriage" was an object of tremendous interest to the loungers about tbe theatre. Of couree it was waiting. The manager knew the value of effect too well not to have it stand there for a little while, and Hester, with her gleaming dress arid glittering jewels, hidden by asombre cloak, stepped in, followed by Mr. Fox. " Qh, tell them to drjve fast, please," she said. "Don't let us be too late ¡I feel ai though my whole life hung upon what this woman may bave to say.' Better have driven slowly, Hester Blair! better haye let Hannah Forrest go to her grave unques- tioned than have stood by that uncaredrfor death- bed, and heard the revelation ¡From those dying lips. But we cannot alter the decrees of fate, nor abate one jot of the mysterious kismet that shapes our ends ; and Mr. Fox, being the agent of the invisible destiny that was drawing Hester to fresh sorrow, urged the driver to more Bpeed, and, in as few words as he could, told ber what had happened. It was 8. terrible thing to hear the fatal words "too late!""ga they reached their journey's end; and Mr. Fox refused td beljeve ¿hat Hannah Forrest was indeed no more. ' - '' " She may have fainted," he said ; |'such things do happen. Can nothing be done ?" "She will never speak again," the house surgeon said. "She is not quite gone, but she will not rally. The syncope is too decide^.," But doctors are only human. They are fallible as the rest of us; and, as they watched, there Carne a feeble flutter of the closed eyelids, and a stirring of the whi,te lips. Hester threw off her heavy cloak and knew down by .the bed-a radiant vision, that made the poor creatures f orget their ' pam as they looked at her, and Jjenjtbejr Jiead, .that'sha might, catch the slightest word from the sufferer's Jipa. Life came back for a brief space,' an.4 the large, eager eyes looked reatlestly about with the clear vision of coming eternity. The lips moved in an inaudible whisper. " Hester Blair," shs said faintly. " Yes, I am here," Hester replied, laying her hand upon the groping fingers that clutched at the bed- clothes, as though they would seize something to stay the drifting purrent of the fast-fleeting time. " The actress I' the dying wonjan muttered wildly -"the great actress, Mrs. Cecil'Grsama !" And a.smile of bitterness flashed across tue dying face like a« unearthly Bhndow of horror. '' "lam here," said Hester gently,'" close to you. Oh, if you have anything to tell nie, for the sake of the mercy you hope for, speak { Do not leave me in the dark mystery that has embittered my life from the day I first saw yon. Tell me ; it can do no harm i aaw." '.' Notibipg can harm me now," the dying woman said dreamily, " I had something to say-I forget it now." " Oh, don't say that!" pjeaded Hester in agony. " Ob, gentlemen, can anything líe doce to give her strength and memory to tell this thing r> "' { She looked round imploringly, and the hospital . doctor put his band on her shoulder. "Uor/t .excite yourself or her," be said. "Give her the cue, if you can, by the mention of any name or circumstance, Dp ;t gently and distinctly. Perhaps she will gather strenge and speak ; she is gomg fast," Hester put her head down and called " Mrs. Forrest" The eyes opened very wide now. " Not that name," the quivering lips replied ; " not that one-Pora Dorrillon." " What does she mean ?" Hester said. " I never heard that name before." "Try her again. Miss Blair, shs has roused a little." They wetted her ups with brandy as the next question was put in Hester's clear, eoft voice. "Cecil Grome, my husband, what were you to him ? Is that what you wanted to tell me ?" " Cecil Grome 1" She repeated the words dreamily, as though she were trying to grasp the idea. '' Your husband ! No never that - my Cecil-I was his wife!" It was the last effort. With the avowal, the grasp with winch the dying brain had clung to the world, and the busy memones thereof, gave way; and the rushing river of time whirled all that was ethereal of Hannan Forrest iuto the shoreless ocean of eternity, leaving only the senseless clay that would never speak more, under the eyes of the wondering watchers by that hospital death-bed. 