THE OPERA. Verdi's romantic opera 'La Traviata' was produced on Tuesday evening to a fairly-filled bouse, which, if it lacked somewhat in numbers ns onmnnrfid with thnsfi of last seiisrin. was cer tainly not wanting in appreciation of the musical treat provided. The applause accorded to tho principal performers at the conclusiou of each act and of several of the favourite scenas and solos was prolonged and enthusiastic. The cast wasasfollow8: — Germont, Signor Coliva; Alfredo, Signor Rosnati; Gastoni, Signor Benso; Macheso D'Obigney, Signor Favas; Violetta, Signora Coy; Anima, Signora Touraerie; Flora, Mrs. Bateson. Signora Coy's Violotta was a most unique performance, both as regards the singing and acting; that gifted lady has seldom appeared to better advantage. Her first scena, 'Ah fors'e lui,' followed by the florid air, 'Semper libera degg'io,' which concludes the first act, was a finished piece of vocalization. The duet with Germont, ' Dite alia giovane,' was beau tifully rendered, and also the plaintive air in tLe minor key, ' Addio del passato.' Signor Rosnati, who was in excellent voice, rendered the character of Alfredo with much skill. The favourite aria, 'libiamo,' was well rendered, but we thought the Signor improved on that even later in tha duet with Violetta, 'Panga, O Cara.' Signor Coliva deserves much praise for his Germont; the rCle of heavy father seems to suit him; the mannerism which we have sometimes noticed in his acting was in this case not at all perceptible. In ' Dite alia giovane' with Signora Coy, and the solo 'Di provenza,' his vocalization was much admired. The minor characters were each well represented. We must not omit to mention the spirited manner in which the Mattadores Chorus, in the third act, was rendered, and the applause which followed marked tho apprecia tion of the audience. It is notified that the opera ' Mose in Egitto,' which has caused so much comment of late both here and in the other colonies, is to be produced this evening. We are assured by the management that no expense has been spared in scenic effects, dresses, &c;, to place it upen the stage in a first-class manner. We under stand that the text has been somewhat altered, and portions to which objection has been taken cut out. The public will now themselves have an opportunity of judging of its propriety or otherwise. ? Minims Accidents.— At Bower's Shaft on the Moonta Mines a man was the other day at the 70-fm. level, when a stone fell with great violence on his foot, rendering it necessary that he should receive medical attendance. — Mr. J. Bray, pitman at the Yelta Mine, was on Tues day assisting to remove a log from a railway truck, when it slipped and struck him on the head, knocking him down quite unconscious. Dr. Herbert was quickly in attendance, and found him to be suffering from concussion of the brain. It is hoped that he is progressing favourably.— The Wallaroo paper reports that John Mitchell, working in the Wallaroo Mines, narrowly escaped from being dashed to pieces on Saturday. He fell 30 feet in Taylor's Shaft, and when brought to the surface it was feared that the accident had proved fatal. On being examined by Dr. 'Wilson, one of the mine surgeons, who was speedily on the spot, it was discovered that he had fractured his ribs, and that his head and various parts of hisfeody was severely hurt and lacerated. Under the skilful treatment of the doctor Mitchell is progressing moet favourably. ' Mose IN Eoirro.'— 'Consistency' suggests that as the performauce of this opera will par take of the nature of a religious service ' there should be no demonstrations on the part of the audience, either of approval or otherwise.' Dramatic Entertainment. — At tha Port Adebide Town Hall an entertainment was given on Monday evening, August 11, by the members of the local Amateur Dramatic Club, in aid of the funds of 'the Port Free and Industrial School. Notwithstanding the weather being somewhrt unfavourable there was a moderate attendance. The programme consisted of scenes from ' Hamlet,' in which Mr. J. Smith, jun., who took the character of the Prince, acquitted himself creditably. The Ghost, Horatio, and Bernardo were fairly represented by Messrs. R. H. Braddock, J. B. Blair, and G. Lake, respec tively, while Messrs. Punt and Rann were amusing as the gravediggers. The farce of the ' Tiperary Legacy,' closed the entertainment. 