r i ' - TENANT-RIGHT. Strenuous efforts aro being made by tenant farmers in Britain to obtain what is known as tenant-right : that is, the right 0f the tenant to full compensation on leaving his farm for all the improvements made by him during his term of occupancy. For the purpose of legalising this right Mr. James Howard and Mr. Sewell Read have brought a bill before tho British Parliament. Notwithstanding the opposition of laud, lords, such is the manifest justice of tho sot up by the tenants that the bill must ere long becomo the law of the land. Hitherto landlords have occupied the van tags ground. They not only ownod the land, but, when so minded, the law gave them the power of seizing upon and confiscating the improve ments made at the cost of the tenants. Thus enterprising and improving tenants have been at the mercy of their landlords. For instance, a farmer becomes the tenant of an exhausted farm, agreeing to pay as rent its fair market value, that is "as much as it will bring." He spends money and capital in the shape of labor and skill, increases the fertility of the soil, drains, fences, and other wise improves the worth of the property. By so doing be renders it more valuable to himself and to the commuuity. But when, by means of the skill, industry, and capital of the tenant, the value of the land had been doubled, the landlord could step in and demaud twice the original amount of runt, or compel tliu tenant to quit his hohliug, leaving all the capital in vested in his improvements behind liim for the benefit of the landlord. The Fenton- B&rns; . case iu Scotland, where Mr. George Rope was ejected from tho farm he had much improved, is a recent and notable instance of the exercise of this despotic and unjust power: The posession of power such as is here set forth on the part of tho landlord is clearly opposed to the advancement of agri culture and to the best interests of the State. The Tenant iugiit riill aims at securing to tenant fanners the full value of all their im provements, and while protecting the inte rests of the landlord, prevents him from "reaping where he had never sown." To enable and induce the tenant farmer to cul tivate the land he runts as though it were his own, and turns it to the most profitable account for the benefit of himself and his fellow-men. Such a law is imperatively required in theinterests of the State wherever land is let. In this colony we have already a large and ever increasing number of tenant farmers, therefore the necessity of enacting a law of tenant-right bos been frequently urged in our columns. Recently the subject was taken up by Mr. J. Main, who brought it before the members of tho Eallarat Farmers' Club, by giving notice of his iuteutionto move a reso lution setting forth the desirability of the Minister of Lands aud Agriculture introduc ing a Tenant Right Bill to the Legislature, with as little delay as possible, for the pur pose of regulating the relations of landlords aud tenants. At the last monthly meeting of the club, Mr. Main moved the resolution standing in his name, and in so doing read a paper on the subject, in which he pointed out that a largo majority of tho people at home favor such a measure, and the nenetit that would accrue to the colonial agricultural interest by the passing of a bill which would enforce curtain defiued condi tions of lease, and create a spirit of mutual confidence and independence be tween landlords and tenants. Unfor tunately Mr. Main was not content to stick to tenant-right, and do one thing at a time. He must needs proceed to deal with what he called the " Crown tenants," that is the selectors who have taken upland "under what is ironically called our ' liberal' Land Aots." These selectors he represented as being " engaged in the constant deteriora tion, if not the actual destruction, of our landed capital." Mr. Main has evidently no sympathy with the struggling selectors, and would prefer seeing them compelled to rent private property at "from 5s. to 20s. per acre," where they would be compelled to make more substantial improvements — for the benefit of the landlord, it is to be inferred — I than the State demands, and without the ghost of "a chance of ever acquiring the fee I simple of the laud for which they would be I paying the highest rental." He would rather see this, it appears, than that selectors should be aflorded the opportunity of invest- I ing their labor along with a little hard-earned cash in winning a freehold home from the wilderness. Such being Mr. Main's style of advocating tenant-right, is it to be wondered at that liis views found no seconder, and that his resolution was shelved by being referred to a committee for report thereon t Doing one thing at a time is the best, indeed the only, way of accoin- ; plishing much needed reforms. By mixing up the tenets of the Land League with the question of tenant-right, the former has not been advanced, while the latter, which would confer real benefit on the com munity by conserving the fertility of land ulready alienated and in the hands of tenants, has been retarded owing to the course pursued. Moreover, it iu a mistake to class selectors us tenants. They occupy the position uf conditional purchasers with time allowed for payment. To the extent that they have paid for the properties which will eventually becomo their own | freeholds, they are just as free to exercise the rights and privileges of ownership as thoso who buy outright in the first instance. In saying this we are us far from wishing to use the land robbed of its fertility, by either selectors or others, as Mr. Main or the most ardent land reformer can be. Onr aim has ever been to urge upon the owners of land the wisdom of conserving by all means its fertility, and to avoid the folly of "killing the goose that lays the golden eggs," by pur suing an exhaustive course of farm practice, for the purpose of preventing farther spoli. ation, we desire to sea tenant-right the law of the land, and we sincerely regret that injudicious zeal in promulgating the doc trines of the Land Tenure Reform League — doctrines which also share our sympathy — should have led to retarding rather than ad vancing the obtainment or a measure much needed, and capable of effecting a large amount of pnbhc benefit. There is a time for everything, but the time selected by Mr. Main for running a muck at our land laws, and; speaking in terms anything but polite of selectors, was assuredly not the one most suitable, nor was it the way in which to further the cause in hand. When the question of tenant-right iB again broached by the members of the Eallarat Farmers' Club, we hope to see it freed from all ob jectionable surroundings, and advocated per ee on its own merits. 