Farming as an Enterprise. Bv THE I.VTE liOHACE GllEEUSY. I had sped across Europe to Venice, and noted with in terest the admirable effective irrigation of the great plain ofj Lombardy before I could call any laud my own. . . . When I traversed Lombardy in July, 1851, the beds of streams naturally us large as the Pemigcwasset, Battenkill, Canada Creek, or Humboldt, were utterly dry ; the water which would naturally have flowed therein being wholly transferred to an irrigating canal (or to canals) often two or three miles distant. The reservoirs thus created were filled m spring, when the streams were fullest and then- water richest, and gradually drawn upon throughout the later growing season to cover the carefully-levelled and graded fields on cither side to the depth of an inch or two at a time. 3 f any failed to be soon absorbed by the soil, it, was drawn off a* here superfluous, and iulded to the current employed to moisten and fertilise the field next below it ; and so field after field was refreshed and enriched, to the husbandman's satisfaction and profit. . . Why should not our Atlantic slope have its Lombardy 't Utah,' Nevada, and California exhibit raw crude suggestions of such a system ; but why .should the irrigation of the New World be confined to regions where if is indispensable when that of the Old is not ? I lenow no good reason whatever for leaving an American field unirrigatcd where water to flow it at will can be had at moderate cost. When I first bought laud (1853) 1 fully purposed to provide for irrigating my nearly level acics at will, and 1 constructed two dams across my upland stream with that view ; but, they were so badly planned that they went off in the flood caused by a tremendous rain the next; spring. . . My next attempt was on a much humbler scale, and I engineered it myself. Toward the north end of my farm the hillside which rises cast of my lowland is broken by a swale or ten-ace, which gives me '.i or 4 acres of tolerably level upland, along tho upper edge of which five or six springs, which never wholly fait, burst from the rocks above, and unite to form a pretty runnel, which dries up iu very hot or dry weather, but which usually preserved a tiny stream to be lost in tho swamp below. North of the gully cut down the lower hill side by this streamlet, the hillside of some 3 acres is quite steep, still partially wooded, and wholiy devoted to pasturage. Making a petty dam across this runnel at the top of the lower acclivity, I turned the stream aside so that it should henceforth run along the crest of this lower hill, falling off gradually so as to secure a free current, and losing its ( -en touts at intervals through variable depressions in its lower bank. Dam and artificial watercourse together cost me 00 dollars, which was about twice what it should have been. That rude and petty con trivance lias now been 10 years in operation, and may have cost 5 dollars per annum for oversight and repairs. Its effect has been to double the grass grown on the 2 acres it constantly irrigates, for which I paid 280 dollars, or more than thrice the cost of my irrigation. But more : my hill side, while it was wo.Jl-gva.ssod in spring, always gave out llie first dry or hot week ; so that when I most needed feed it afforded none ; it* herbage being parched up and dead, | and thus remaining till refreshed by generous ruins. I judge, therefore, that my irrigation has more than doubled ! tho product of those two acres, and that these are likely to lose nothing in. yield or value so long as that potty 1 irrigating ditch shall be maintained. I know this is small business. But suppose each of tho 100,000 Now England farms, whereof 5 to 10 acres might bo thus irrigated at a cost not exceeding 100 dollars per farm bad boen similarly prepared to flow those acres last spring and early summer, with an average increase therefrom of barely 1 ton of hay (or its equivalent, in pasturage per aero). ho 500,000 tons of liav thus realised would have saved 200,000 head of cattle from being- sent to the butcher while too thin for good beef, while every one of them was required for further use, and will have to lie replaced at a heavy cost. Shall not these things be considered '! Shall not all who can do so at moderate cost resolve to test on their own farms the advan tages and benefits that may be secured by irrigation ? I first farmed formvsclf in 184.5, on a plot of 8 acres, in what was then the open couatiy skirting the East River, nearly abreast the lower point of Blaekwell's Island, near Fiftieth-street, uii a little indentation of the shore known as Turtle Bay. None of the avenues east of Third wove then opened above Thirtieth-street, and the neighbourhood, though now perforated by streets aud covered with houses, j was as rural and secluded as heart could wish for. One j tine spring morning a neighbour billed ;uid ollbred to plough j for § dollars my acre of tillage not cut up by rows of box and other wood, :uid 1 told him to go ahead. 1 came home ! next evening just, as he was finishing the job, ! which 1 contemplated most ruefully. liis plough was a pocket edition : his team a single horse ; his furrows at most it inches deep. I paid him, but told plainly that I j would rather have given the money for nothing. He insisted that he. had ploughed for ine as he ploughed for others all around me. '? i will tell you,' I rejoined, ' exactly how this will work. Throughout the spring and early summer we shall have frequent rains and moderate heat ; thus far my crops will do well. But then will eoair; hot weeks, with little or no lain : and they will dry up this shallow soil and everything planted thereon.' The result signally justified my prediction, we had frequent rains and cloudy, mild weather to July 1, when the clouds vanished, the sun came out intensely hot, and we had scarcely a sprinkle till September 1, bv which time my com and potatoes had about given up tbe ghost. Like the seed which fell on stony ground in the parable of the sower, that which I had planted had withered away because ' there was no root;' and my prospect for a harvest was utterly blighted, where with 12 inches of loose, fertile, well pulverised earth at their roots, my crops would have been at least rcspectablc. When I became once more* a farmer in a small way on my present place, I had not forgotten the lesson, and I tried to have ploughed deeply and thoroughly so much land as I had ploughed at all. My first summer here (1853) was a very dry one, and crops failed in conse quence around iue and all over the country ; yet mine were at least fair, and I was largely indebted for them to relatively deep ploughing. I have since suffered from frost (on my low land), from the rotting of seed in the ground, from the ravages of insects, &c.;, but never by drouth, and I am entirely confident that deep ploughing has done me excellent service. My only trouble lias been to get it done, for there are apt to be reason* (Jiaste, lateness in the soasoa, &c.;) for ploughing shallowyfor ' just this time,' ' with wilful intent to do henceforth better. I have two bits of warm gravelly hillside, which bountifully yield com, wheat, and oats, but which are addicted to washing. I presume one of these bits, at the south-east comer of my farm, has been ploughed and planted not less than 100 times, and that at least half the fertilizers applied to it have washed into the brook, and hence into the Hudson. To say that 1000 dollars have thus been squandered on that patch of ground would be to keep far within the truth. And, along with the fertilizers, a large portion of the finer and better dements of the original soil have thus been swept into the brook and lavished upon tho water of our bay. But since I had those lots thoroughly subsoiled, all the water that falls upon them when in tillage sinks into the soil, and remains there until drained away by filtration or evaporation ; and I never saw a particle of soil washed from either save once, when a thaw of 1 or 2 inches on the surface, leaving the ground solidly frozen beneath, being- quickly followed by pouting rain, washed away a few bushels of the loosened and soddened surface, proving that the law by virtue of which these fields were formerly denuded while in culti vation is still active, and that deep plougliing is an effective and all but unfailing antidote for the evil it tends to incite. I liave used guano frequently, and, though it has generally made ils mark, 1 never yet felt sure that it returned 1'ie a profit, over its coat. Phosphates have done better, especially where applied to com in the hill, either at. the time of planting- ar later ; yel uiy strong impression is that ttour of bone, applied broadcast and freely, especially when wheat or oats are sown on a field that is to be laid down to grass, pays better and more surely than anything else I order liom the city, gypsum and possibly oyster-shell lime ex cepted. _ .... My exporicnce can be no safe guide for others, since it is not proved that the anterior needs of their soils arc precisely like those of mine. Ten or twelve years ago I bought a pound or more of locust seed rather late in the spring, scalded it by plunging for a moment the little cotton bag which held 'it into a pot of boiling water, and letting the seed steep and steam m the bag till next morning, when the seed was planted in rows in a newly broken bit of poor old pasture land. This was a mistake ; I should have given that seed the richest available spot in iny garden, to say nothing of planting it as early as April 20. My locusts camc up slowly and grew feebly that year, not to speak of the many seeds that did not sprout at all. Still many came up and survived, and iny pi fee is this day the richer for them. My upland has a gravelly rocky soil, not natural to grass, aud . had been pastured to death far at least a century before I bought it ; yet it has yielded me an average of not less than 2£ tons to the acre for the last 16 years, and will not yield less while I am allowed to farm it. My lowland (bog when I bought it) it is bound henceforth to yield more : but, while imperfectly or not at all drained, it was of course a poor reliance— yielding bounteously inspots, in others little or nothing. In nothing else is shiftless, slovenly farming so apt to betray itself as in the culture of grass. Fifty years ago I judge that the greater part of tho hay inado in New England was cut from sour boggy land, that was devoted to grass simply because nothing else could be done with it. I liave helped to carry the crop off on poles from considerable tracts on which oxen could not venture without miring. It were superfluous to add that no well-bred animal would eat such stuff, unless the choice were between it and absolute starvation. In my boyhood I hoed Indian com diligently for weeks at a time, drawing the earth from between the rows up about the stalks to a depth of three or four inches: thus forming hills which the West has since taught me to be of no use, but rather a detriment, embarrassing the efforts of the growing hungry plants to threw out their roots extensively in every direction, and subjecting them to needless injury from drought. I am thoroughly convinced that com property planted, will, like wheat and all other grains, root itself just deep enough in the ground, and that to keep down all weeds, and leave the surface of the corn- field open, mellow, and perfectly flat, is tho best, as well as the cheapest way to cultivate corn. I have been having- much ploughing done this fall in my orchards, for what I presume to be the good of the trees on my drained swamp, becauso it is not yet fully subdued and sweetened, and I judge that the winter's frcezing and thawing will aid to bring it into con dition. And then my swamp lies so low and absolutely fiat, that the thaws and rains of spring render ploughing it in season for oats, or any other crop that requires early seeding, a matter of doubt and difficulty. All the land I now cultivate, or seek to cultivate, has already been well ploughed more that once. ; no stump or stone impedes pro gress in the tracts I have ploughed this fall : yet a good plough, drawn by two strong yoke of oxen, rarely breaks up half an acre per day ; aud I estimate two acres per week about what has been averaged, at a cost of 18 dollars for the ploughman aud driver ; offsetting the oxen's labour against the work done by the men at the bam and cLsc where apart from ploughing. In other words, 1 am cenfi dent that my ploughing has cost me from first to last at least 10 dollars per acre, and would have cost still more if it bad been done as thoroughly as it ought. 1 am quite aware that this is high — that sandy soils and dry loams are ?ploughed much cheaper ; and that farmers who plough well (with whom I do not rank those who scratch the earth to a depth of four or five inches) do it at a much lower rate. Still, I estimate the average cost in this country of ploughing land twelve inches deep at 5 dollars per acre ; aud 1 am confident that it does not cost one cent less. 