THE BAPTIST UNION AT NOT- TINGHAM. [From our Special Correspondent.] In one of the provincial reports of the Baptist Conference at Nottingham a remarkable pecu- liarity was mentioned. A Mayoral banquet given to the delegates was noted with triple signs of acclamation as the first event of the Wdin the hwtory of the denomination. Possibly, when you have heard all, you may think that even stranger incidents happened at Nottingham in the Baptist week than dining with a live Mayor. The missionary meetings which took place were the most zealous and important that have been known in this country for some years, The apostolic spirit which broke forth at Kottering fully 80 years ago is still rampant among the successors of Marshman and Carey. The Baptist Union session was, from first to last, a mis sionary demonstration— rather a phenomenon to observe- in the town which Mr. Bradlaugh, the chief of the English atheists, has honoured by claiming to represent it in Parliament. At pre sent Mr. Bradlaugh is edifying our Trans atlantic cousins, and Nottingham did not; miss him much in Union week. It was on a damp raw October night that the session opened with a sermon in Derby-road Chapel. The preacher was the Rev. J. Clifford, of London, and his text w«g the blind man's vindication of Christ against those who deried the m-mcle of opening hi3 eyes — 'Herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence He !s, and yet He hath opened rriue eyes.' On this basis Mr. Clifford elaborated a forcible reply to those who dis parage the nvssion and the work of the Saviour, in a homely but telling way he observed, for the benefit of Professor Huxley, that there are other laboratories tban those of tbe South Ken sington Museum, and dots of animated jelly and invisible bits of protoplasm are not the only verifying phenomena Next morning (Tues day) the Missionary Conference, which takes preference of all else, commenced in Broad street Chapel. It was presided pvor by a local Alderman and an ex-Mayor, Mr. VidLere, who many years ago had the honour of dispensing' the hospitality of the town to Her Majesty and the Prince Consort. He was very much upset at the very opening of business by a news para graph put into his hands, which informed him of the sudden death of hi3 friend Mr. Paget, loDg known and esteemed in Parliament while member for the Borough. Mr. Paget and his wife had been on the rocks at Filey one after noon when a huge wave swept them away. A young lady who accompanied them was rescued, but they were both drowned. Though a Uni tarian in faith he was highly respected by all classes in Nottingham. His sad death was re ferred to at the Conference with warmest ex pressions of regret. Alderman Vickers's addr©33 was a lucid and instructive retrospeot of mi'sionary enterprise in the Baptist Church. It announced an histo rical fact of somo interest— that the question of foreign missions had been first broached by Carey at a meeting of the Northamptonshire Association held in Nottingham in May, 1792. 1 his preceded by four or five months the founda tion of the Baptist Missionary Society at Ketter ing. The Rev. C. B. Lewis, of Calcutta, reported on the present state of mission work in India. Very unlike some other missionary treasurers who have been making themselves heard lately, he spoke of the experience of the past year as encouraging and assuring. Contributions hod been larger than ever before, and there Beemed no reason to apprehend a decline. But thero vrcre less favourable facts which ho had to place before the Conference. The staff of European missionaries in Bengal and the north- western provinces was now reduced to thirty. Of these nearly one-half were unequal to full duty — eight being at home on sick leave, and six otheis requiring to befurloughed as soon as their places could be filled. In answer to a question as to what measures were being taken for raising missionary recruits, Dr. Undorhill explained that one had been boon obtained in India— a student of one of the American Colleges —and that on the previous night tue committee had accepted the services of a young man from the Metropolitan Tabernacle. The Birmingham Auxiliary had, in celebration of its jubilee, resolved to raise a special fund of a thousand , pounds for equipping and sending out five now missionaries. At a subsequent stage of the Con ference three young men were introduced who Lad devoted themselves to mission duty and were :;bout to proceed to the East. Two of them, Messrs. Pearce and McKenna, had already labourod for years in India, and zeal for God s work had induced them to offer themselves again. The third, Mr. Pestonji, was a Parseo by birth, but bad been converted when young and educated for the Presbyterian Church in Bombay. Since 1hen ho has hold ai professorship at King's College, London. This creditable and lucrative position he renounces tor the sake of Fatisfying his conscience as to the truth of Baptist principles. All three of these mis fcionftries-elect addressed the Conference with threat acceptance. The valedictory chargo to iLem fta3 deliyered by the Venerable ^;# Culross, who spoke with tooving fervour of the l.obleness and sanctity of missionary devotion. On ihe same night thero was a public meeting, also on behalf of missions. More than two thousand five hundred people crowded into who JJechanics' Hall, and an assembly radiant with interest in the souls of the heathen listened for hours to the eloquence of veterans like Dr. Brock, Mr. Page of Bengal, Mr. Sampsen of Calcutta, kc. How thoroughly they scanned, cud surveyed, and sketched the great missioD tield ovor which the Baptists have spread their . spiritual energy. The Chairman, Alderman Burran, of Leed?, ably defended them against the charge of abusing their influence with the natives for political purposes. They had never, he Eaid, sought to agitate except such foul evils as blftvery, and_ he was proud to believe that Baptist missionaries had done their share in ridding the West Indies of that diabolical system. Dr. Brock took up this vindicatory ttraw* and followed it out with great effect in demon strating the captiousness and superficiality of many criticisms passed on mission wark. Ho averred that 'there were reviewers, and novelists, and editors, of various designations, who were continually saying that our mis fcioDaries were not free from the fault of exag. ^grating the truth, and that at a pinch they could even originate the false. English earls and English doctors could go all orer God's earth and God's ocean, and then come home and write books, and put coronets on the covers, and sdd to the poor vapid literary trash already in circulation— trash by which our English manli nr ss was becoming sadly deteriorated, and our Eogikh womanliness sadly debased. English carls, accompanied by their doctors, could visit certain islands, where, as he could state, from the evidei.ee of a gentleman who was on one of the inlands, they just stopped long enough to land and to get afloat again, and could then dare to impugn the missionary work on the islands. Such men ought to be rebuked, and ho ventured to i«ll them that they wore bearing false witness rgainst their neighbours." The Doctor had it on his mind not merely to rebuke but to refute thou. He brought with him a valuable Blue-bock containing official reports on the moral and material progress and condition of India. As to Indian minions this book testified op authority as under: — "The Protestant missions of India, Burjub, and Ceylon wero carried on by 35 Missionary Societies in addition to local agencies, and mw employ the Fervices of 606 foreign missionaries, of whom 551 are ordained. The euUre Presi dency cf Bengal, from Calcutta to Peshawur, is well supplied with missionaries, and they aro numerous in the southern portion of the Madr;w Presidency. In 1852 there wero 459 missionaries in India at 320 stations, and in 1872 the number of missionaries wero increased to 606, and of stations to 522.' And yet, exclaimed the Doctor, we had been told continually that the rnissiopary enterprise was a nino dayi' wonder— :i pestilential exhalation which would presently vanish away— a violent, vulgar outburst of poor beggarly fanaticism, of which there would \j nothing heard 10 years hence. E linbur.Ji reviewers could prognosticate that, For more than an hour Dr. Brock proceeded .fiehing out extracts from the Blue-book, which, as ho put them together and intorlaco-d them with his robust style of comment, grew iuto ono of the most striking vindications of mission enterprise that this generation has seen. Spare i com if you can for a couple more. Tiio first relates to the number of converts :— "In 1852," saya the report, "the entire number of Protes- tant native converts in India, Burmah, and Ceylon amounted to 22,400 communicants, in a community of 128,000 native Christians of all ages— taking those who had abandoned the externals of idolatry. In 1872 the communi- canta were 78,494, and the converts young and old 318,363. The rural populations have been much more open to their (missionaries') instruc- tions, the peasantry of large districts have been less bound by caste ties, and the aboriginal tribes and classes in the community, both in the hills and in the plains, have embraced Christianity in large numbers.' In defence of the decried scholarships of the missionaries the following is strong testimony: — "The missionaries as a body know the natives of India well. They have prepared hundreds of works saited both for schools and for general circulation in the fifteen most prominent languages of India and in several other dialects. They are the compilers of several dictionaries and grammars. They have written important works on the native classics and the system of philosophy, and they have largely stimulated the great increase of the native literature pre- pared in recent years by educated gentlemen. Last year two valuable works were brought to completion — the revision of the Bengali Bible, and the first publication cf the entire Bible in Satskrit. Both were the work of the Rev. Dr. Wenger, of the Baptist Mission in Calcutta. The .Mission Institution in Calcutta still holds a conspicuous place in the system and means of education generally available to the young Hindoos of that city. The great progress made in missionary schools and the area which they occupy will be seen from the following fact. They now contain 60,000 scholars more than they did 20 years ago. In 1852 the scholars numbered 81.S50, and in 1872 the number was 142,952." Mr. Page, of the Bengal Mission, spoke very affectionately of the visit he paid to Australia in 1865, when recruiting after a severe attack of smallpox. By the way, he is still far from being restored to health, and his speech at Notting- ham was aelivered under great physical disad- vantages. He told the meeting that "at Sydney and its neighbourhood he spent two months, and suggested to the brethren there that they should form a Baptist Missionary Society, independent of the Mother Society in England; but they were afraid to try it. An Auxiliary Society was, however, formed. At Melbourne, which he next visited, he also did all he could on behalf of missions, and the Victoria Missionary Society was started. At Adelaide, the next stage in his journey, he was the means of forming the South Australian Baptist Missionary Society, and he left the colonies after being there five months." Mr. Page still hopes to return to India, and his own devotion to the work was unconsciously expressed in the touching portrait he drew of a model missionary : — "Now, in this large gather- ing, O Lord of the harvest, touch some young heart, some large-hearted young man ! We want men, we want money ; and if there be any young men who are desirous of going out, let them go with this resolution — 'I will go, I will labour, but I will love the people.' Depend upon it, no young man need come who has any dislike to the natives of India. Let him also make up his mind to be a preacher of the Gospel, to learn the language not only as a study, but so as to speak it with power." On the Wedresday night there was a general public meeting in the Mechanics' Hall, at which home questions were to be discussed. The chair was occupied by a stanch Birmingham Liberal, Mr. J. G. Wright, the Chairman of the Liberal Association, and a foremost sup- porter of Mr. Bright. Men throughout the country who are familiar enough with him as a fellow Hadical would have opened their eyes in astonishment to hear him exclaim in his opening address on the present duty of Dissenters, "We have not won all that it is necessary and proper for us to win yet, and I hope that all of us who are here will feel that there is an obligation upon us not only to speak on behalf of the religious liberties of the nation and stand man- fully for themselves, but also to take their part ib securing civil rights to the people at large. But I feel that with all this there may be a danger lest we shall reverse the position of matters as Dissenters. Though I claim to be a political Dissenter, yet, after all, Dissent is nothing if it is not intensely religious. I be lieve that it is from this that we shall derive all oar power in the future. Never let us place the matters concerning our duties and privileges as citizens in the front or before our religious duties and obligations as Nonconfor mists. It will be a sad day when we do this." Pursuing his political survey he commended the agricultural labourer to the attention of Baptist pastors. He reminded them that when the agricultural movement began ' it had a strictly religious tone about it, but I fancy that is some what declining. I appeal to you, my friendi, living in the agricultural districts. The move ment has not met with the sympathy from the pastors of churches that it deserves. I commend the thought to you that there is an obligation upon you to discharge your duty towards those who belong to the poorest class of the commu nity. I feel that within the next few years there will be a great exodus of these people into our colonies; and when looked at from that aspect, it becemes doubly obligatory upon us to send them forth with right principles. If you do not do your duty they will go t« some distant colonies with feelings of bitterness towards re ligion. If we do our duty towards them we shall send them with kindly feelings to the colonies, where they will have no priest or parson or squire to interfere with their rights and free dom, and will be able to worship God as free men, and rise to the dignity of truly civilized and independent men.' Mr. Wright has evidently escaped all disturb ing knowledge of the precedency agitations which from time to time upset society in certain latitudes near the South Pole. He and the agricultui&l; labourer were not destined to be the chiefiproes of the evening. That distinction fell to Dr. Landells, who achieved it by a brilliant oration on the ritualistic tendencies of the day. There was, I believe, no formal decision passed by the Conference on the message of the Vigi lance Committee inciting co-operation from a'l friends of Christian truth against the ritualistic disturbers of ecclesiastical peace. Dr. Laudells' address was a sufficient answer to Lord Shaftes bury and his friends. He declared frankly and eloquently that the Anglican Church bad iteeif to thank for the chaos from which it now prayed to ba delivered — 'The seed-blot of all this,' said Dr. Landells, 'is the Prayer- book of the Church of England, and hence the difficulty of the evangelical members of that Church dealing with the Ritualism which is now rampant. They cannot touch a Ritualistic parson, they cannot abolish a Ritualistic practice, because Ritualism in the germ enters enters nearly all the services of the Church, and the extreme Ritualists are only giving a systematic and con sistent, albeit an artistic, development to that which has not only an essential but an historical presence there. To begin with the Ordination Service. Do=s not the Bishop lay his hand upon the head of the kneeling candidate, and gay 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost £r the office and ™koi ^.SP&Z;, committed to thee i.J v'? ^Caiuon of our hands. Who soever' sins ye forgive they are forgiven and whosoever sins ye retain they are retained?' And, as if the Holy Ghost actually trickled through the Bishop's fingertips, does not the catdidato, however inexperienced, and silly, and worthless, rise from hi3 knees possessed of a power at the very thought of which a mortal man might tremble i' . : . The other offices of the Church are in harmony with this. Is not the infant in the Baptismal Service subject to the manipulations of Ritualism as soon as he passes into the priest's hands ? Are not men and women made to promise on behalf of the un conscious child what no living man is capable of doiBg for another ? And does not the priest, in virtue of the power with which the Bishop has invested him, declare the child regenerated and incorperated into Christ's Church? Nay, more; does he not givs God thanks that it has pleased Hun to regenerate the child with His Holy Spirit, to receive him as a child by adoption, and to incorporate him into His Holy Church? Then, as if to prevent ail mistake as to the meaning of the words, is not the lisping infant taught to say that his name was given to him by hi3 god fathers and godmothers in his baptism, wherein he was made a member of Christ, a child of Gcd, and an inheritor of the Kingdom of God? (Hear, hear.) If when he 13 older the child ap proaches the ccmmunion-table, the shadow of Ritualism meets him there ? Why, even after death has separated the soul from the body, Ritualism lays its dutch on his lifeless remains, for if baptism has been adminis tered the veriest Bcoundrel that every trod the aarth is committed to it in ' sure and certain hope of a glorious resurrection ;' while, if bap tism baa not been administered^ the man, though iutingukhed by every Christian virtue, is ienied the rites and the privilege of Christian burial, and, in bo far as the services of the Church is concerned, has to be buried as a dog.' The impression produced by this glowing lenunciation of Ritualism was so great that iext day in Conference a proposal was made to send a printed report of it to every clergyman md minister in England. Though no definite ?esolution was taken, it was understood that ipecial measures of some kind would be em ployed for its dissemination. At the same meeting the Rev. H. Stowell Brown gave an instructive account of his ob seivations among the American churches last pear._ He ridiculed the notion which is in dustriously circulated in this country that the Americans are sick of voluntaryism, and would jladly have an established church if they could get it On the contrary, he declared that voluntaryism had stood the severest tests, and all tealoua Christians were growing more attached to it than ever. Thursday was again devoted to domestic topics. ' The increase of spiritual life in the churches,' and 'The spiritual condition of the masses, ' were the leading subjects at the morning sitting. At nyht a variety of services and discussions took place in different parts of the town. Not the least remarkable, though far from being the most orderly, was a Good Templar Conference convoked at Mansfield-road Chapel. Sharp re flections were indulged in on the cold atti tude of the Union to Good Tomplary. They may have been directed covertly at the vale dictory breakfast to which the Mayor, Mr. Forster, had invited all the members next morning. This matutinal refection did not, however, suffer in any way from the cold-water oratory of the previous night. 