P E 0 T E S T A N T . C ATECHISM ; WITlt TIIK. rnOOF,S TIIEREOr OUT OK THE : SCHIKTUUE.S, JX wonns AT LENGTH. AA'e rceomnieud our readers 'to keep aiid put ' ; together this series for use in their families. 1NT,I!0JJUCT0N. Q. You are a .Protestant. AYhy arc you sb called'f A. Because 1 belong to a church which pro tests a.gainst tlio errors of the chufch of Rome.' (,>. VYhat arc those errors ivgainst which yoii ' protest? A. '.I'lioy arc included for tho most part in the creed of Poxio L'ius lAL, to which have been: added witliin a fev.' years two other dogmas— the Jnimaculatc Concejition of the AHrgin Mm-y, and the nersoiial Infiillibilitv cif -t.lvr. (J. And do you protest against the avholo creed ? A. No. The iirst part consists of tho Nicone creed, which 1 acknowledge, because it may bo " pro\'od by cert.aiu warraiits of Scrilitui'o. 'The remainder, consisting of twelve articles," I reject, as nuscriptural. (i. VAGien was the creed of Poxie Pius first adoxitcd ? A. llic lirst xiart, constituting tho Niceno creed, wa.s drawn iqi at the Council of Nicca, ' A.D. 32i). I'hc twelve latter articles were never Jicard of, as a creed, until tlic time of Pope Pius lA'"., who first imblished tliom, A.D. 15G4. - Q. AYoro there no Romish errors until the IGth century ? A. Oh .yes. I moan tliat Romish errors were not cmliodied in the fonn of a creed until that date. 'The errors themselves had existed xrc- viou.sly. EiTor in this case, as usual, was gradual in its progress. (L If tho creoil of Pope Pius were not x)ub- lishcd until the year 15G4, it would follo-w that it was never received in tlie British dominions ; for the llcformation preceded that .date ? A. Most ceftainly. And it is indeed a ve- ngrkalilc. Jfact that the Romish creed wnk never profcBScd by the people of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Some few in England and many in Ireland embraced this novel creed after the Heformation. Q. How did it happen that Craumer, Bidley, Latimer, and liundrods of others, were burned at the stake for denying Bomisli doctrines, if the Bomish creed did not exist until after the Keformation. In short, what need was there of a Beformatioii ? A. Bomish errors existed ; and, for the denial of them, martyrs were led to the stake. But these errors were not recognised in the creed of the Church of Borne till the IGth century. The Church of Borne, instead of rejecting erroneous doctrines as the Eefcrmei's _ did, added them to the Niceue creed. Q. And now, mention some of the erroi-s of Borne ? " A. The Papal supremacy ; infallibility ; ex clusive salvation ; tradition ; prayers in an un- knovn tongue ; distinction pf sin into venial and mortal ; doctrine of intention ; the seven sacra ments ; purgatory ; i)enance, comprehending confession, absolution, and satisfaction; ex treme unction ; indulgences, and supererogation ; false views, of jtistification ; transidjstantiation ; sacrifice of the mass ; communion in one kind ; .s.aint and angel worship ; use and adoration of images ; celibacy ; conventual system. Q. Are there other erroneous doctrines received by Borne ? A. Yes. She receives "all other things wliicii have been delivered, defined, and declared by", what .she calls "the sacred canons and general councils." — Pius IV. Creed iVo. 11. Q. Thus she professes to receive the decrees of councils. How is .she inconsistent in this very matter of the creed V A. The Council of <phe,su.s, in the fifth century, (A.D. 431,) Avhich Bonie acknowledges to be binding on her, ordained that , no other creed, but that commonly called the Kicene, .should be received by, or offered to, converts from horcsj'. And yet the Churcli of Bomc when repeiving Protestants, Avhom she regards as heretics, into the church, requires them to profess Pope Pius' creed, the twelve last articles of which were never heard of, until tlic sixteenth century. DECREE OP THE COUNCill, OP.El'UUSUS. "These things liaving been read, the holy Synod decreed, th.at it should be lawful for no one to profess, to write or to compose any other form of faith than that defined by the holy Fathers, who, with the Holy. Ghost, had been assembled at Nice. But those who .shall have dared to compose, or to profess, or to offer any other form of faith to those wishing to be con verted to the acknowledgment of the truth, whether from Paganism or Judaism, or from any sort of heresy; that these, if they were bishops or clergymen,- that the bishops should be dejjosed from their eijiscoioaey, ahd the clergy from their clerical office ; but that if they Wfii'fi ln.vmnTi. f.liftv wlimilfl 1»p. fn mi anathema." — il/aa's CouncUn, p. '1362, torn iv. Florence Q. State now the Nicene creed itself ? A. "I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and eai-tli, and of all things visible and invisible ; and in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only begotten son of God, begotten of His Father before aU worlds, God of God, light of light, very God of very God, iiegotten, not made, being of one substance Avitli the Fathei', by whom all things AA-ero made ; Avho for us men, and for our salvation, came down from heaven, and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary ; and Avas made man ; and Avas cruciffed for us also under Pontius Pilate. He suffered and Avas buried, and tlie thii-d day he rose again accordihg to the Scriptures ; and ascended into heaven, and sitteth on the right liand of the Father. And he shall come again Avith glory to judge both the quick and' the dead : Avhose kingdom shall Jiavo no end. " And I belicA'c in the. Holy Ghost, the Lord aud giver of life, Avho proceedetli from the Father and the Son, Avho Avith l.i'atlier and Son together is Avorshqjped and glorified. Who spake by the Prophets. And I believe one Catholic and Apostolic Church. I acknoAvledge one Baptism for the remission of sins; and,! look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen." Q. Tim new articles® Avhich Avere added in 1564, contain the erroneous doctrines to which you have alluded. AVhat is the penalty Avhich the bishops and jAnests of Bbme slioidd suffer for their liaving added to the faith ? A. According to the Council of Ejiliesus, deposition from the ministry. Q. 13. State then, in general terms, and in a few Avords, the grounds of your protest against Home ! A. 1 protest against iier, because she imposes articles of faith Avhioh arc unscriptm-al, and eonsequently novel in their character ; artieles AVliich nullify the glorious truths of thego.spel — luA'olye the Avorshiiipor in aAvful idolatry, and the soul, if impenitent, in perdition. 