MY SUNDAY OUT. ' ' Please M'm, this is my Sunday j evening out ; can 1 go now ?' ' No, Jane, I can't let you go out, ! to-night. Piaster Freddy is unwell, ' xiiul you must remain with him.' 1 And Jane left the room with a sorrowful countenance. She was . dressed ready for setting out on her few hours leave of absence. She had put on her best bonnet, with the cherry-coloured ribbons, and had a large brooch fastening her shawl, and was even drawing on a pair of gloves as she came into the room. She had no thought of being disappointed, for the mistress had octroy e a constitution to her domes tics regulating their Sunday even ings out ; but with the despotism ?of a sovereign, she had revoked the ; edict and relegated her subject; back to the nursery with Master ; Freddy as a companion. Poor Jane. The little walk that you looked forward to with Tom or Harry is swept away, and he poor fellow will keep that appointment, wearily waiting, and at last turn - , ? home witlv a great sadness -at heart, and think his Jane faithless and that she was promenading with some ?more favoured beau, and Jane goes ;up stairs to the nursery and pets Master Freddy and hushes him to .sleep,. ahd never vents her feelings by as much as one angry slap upon the tempting shoulders of that peevish-brat. Poor Jane. It was hard on thee ? that after :thy toil and moil thou -couldst. not. have thy Sunday even ling out, and I swear that thy sad face as thou .departedst the room .spoilt my evening's enjoyment and rose up constantly, like some re proachful ghost, between thy mis tress and myself, and made her otherwise pleasant laugh have an edge on it! You and I, sir, when we are dis appointed, are not given to turn away and bear it with a sad coun tenance. We fume and -swear, we inveigh the Fates, and abuse ' our wives, and are cross with our chil dren, and if we are annoyed, why, sir, the world shall know it. If we . have a tristesse of our .own, shall our .wives dare to laugh or be merry ? You, sir, had made up your mind ? to' go to the opera, but you dilly dallied about engaging a seat till the - last moment, and then the place .that you wanted next the charming widow, Mrs. Sadweeds, was taken, and you were annoyed and wouldn't go at all, and came .home instead and bullied your wife. You know you did, sir. You swore at her because the dinner had to be re chauffe, and you forgot that you were an hour late, and you whipped Miss Polly and sent her howling to bed, and you boxed- the ears of Tom, : , and then you (bank three tumblers of whiskey and water, and went to bed crosser than ever, and your poor wife had to creep in beside you and listen to y.our railing until sleep overcame you, and all because, through your own fault, you were disappointed out of an evening's ' pleasure. . Think of Jane's sad face, sir; had she not a right to vent iier feelings and call lie' mistress a tyrant ; and yet she went upstairs instead, and sat meekly by the; side -of Master Freddy. Miss Rosie, you little, puss, you remember that pic-nic that you hoped to attend with a certain mili tany gentleman, and how you got iip betimes in the morning ' and ' dressed your charming person with1 ?. more than usual care, and had von your saucy little Gipsy hat by nine o'clock/ and were coaxing on those? delicate straw-coloured kids, wait ing for itlie carriage to come round, ' when plash, plash, plash, came down the rain, and great streams .were tumbling from the housetops, and great streams ran gurgling along tlie streets, ( and there was no pic nic for you that day ! How you ? tugged off those gloves, Miss, and tore them all up the back, and flung your hat to one end of the room, and your lace shawl to another, and stamped up and down, pausing oc casionally at the window to play an ugly tattoo on the pane,, while you scowled and pouted at tlie torrents without, and, if you thought on the matter at all, must have objurgated ] a certain Mr. Longfellow and his insane song about the beautiful . rain ! Rosie, ma belle, think of how \- meekly' the nursery maid turned fcto^irom :Vier cavalier and went up to ^^Bfche nursery. Do we think enough , of our ser s ? ? Madam, Jane, and Mary better for them, if they were ma:; chines ; but unfortunately they are! human, and have souls and passions' and instincts and feelings, arid if we j pinch them, they feel it ; and if we prick them, they bleed, i It is incon venient, but unfortunately it is. true. You have feelings, my charming Mrs. Crumpton,, and you indulge them, you pamper your sensibilities. Are you sad ? You can have quiet and soothing friends, . and pleasant music, and people are considerate. But Mary down stairs is reading a letter and you ring the bell, and she crushes the scrawl into her pocket and wipes her eye with her sleeve, and coiiies in with the tea-urn, and you scold her because those muffins are a little burned, and you don't know that that letter she crushed a-way into her pocket announced the death of a dear sister, and you scold and scold and scold, and she gulps down her tears and serves you for so many dollars a month, and there is no clause in the bond allowing her to weep. Master Freddy must be amused, and poor Jane with a splitting head ache .goes up and sings for him and soothes his piercing cries, while you have the room darkened and the children kept away, and cooling lotions applied to your forehead, madam, when it aches ; but Jane is only one of the servi, another race of people, who have no right to be ill. God help them !. They have their sicknesses and their ' head aches, and bitter disappointments. Tom marries some one else ; brother Dick is sent to the penitentiary, father becomes a drunkard ; their own health is bad, they are dying of consumption, and they bend their shoulders to the yoke. If they serve faithfully, they get their scanty wages and they are barked; at and scolded, and when sickness; comes, fling them out ; let them go ] to their hospitals , or their homes, or , some other proper place,/ but don't trouble mylady about sucli canaille ! v Do not grudge Jane her Sunday out, and let her have it with a kind; word. We are all the better for a little recreation.' The merchant' after, his toil at the desk,. the school boy after his labours with in pre sente , the student after his struggle with Mill and Huxley, the .young lady after her season of bails and routs, and gaities, and dancing, and late bed-going, all are better for re laxation, a little folding of the arms,; and - a little idleness,^ a wandering, down, some shady lanes and angling' by pleasant waters, and exchanging 1 the desk and the college for the green sward, and the crushing, stifling drawing-room for a little flirtation by moonlight over the rustic .gates or in downy arbor. , And if Jane can only run down the street and hang on the arm of the policeman or saunter away with Harry, and forget Master Freddy and servitude for an hour, while she dreams of the boy-god ' who sharpens his arrows on the whet stone of the human heart,' do not grudge it. God loveth a , cheerful giver, if it be only a Sunday even ing out to the little fag, the serua servorum in the , scullery.— Cana- nian Illustrated News. Definition of a Gentleman.— - There-have been maiiy definitions of a gentleman, but the prettiest and most pathetic is that given by a young. lady, who says, ' A gentle man is a human being combining a woman's tenderness with a man's courage.' - ;A ? - The following lively advertise-1 ment recently appeared in the New York Herald : ' The Devil's got a mortgage, on Boston.. Everything is going to burn up. I'm going to L«ave. Will sell out my piano, m.elodeon and sewing-machine' to any one living out of the ,city fear fully low. Address ' Presenti ment,' Herald^ Office. . Tiielatest boon to: literary travel lers is ' Graphine,' which is des cribed by the London press as a little packet containing four small sheets of paper, and on cutting off a little bit, no larger than one's finger nail, and soaking it in a table spoonful o? water, it will produce a beautiful purple-coloured ink. This condensed writing ink . can be car ried in the pocket-book like court plaster, and. no- traveller .need in future carry an inkstand about him. It is rumoured that tlie Ritualists are getting up a petition to Con vocation for the restoration of the service for. Holy Communion con tained in the first Prayer-book of ^Edward VX, and it is said that they Sleriye much encouragement and »pport from the following quaint jn-phecy : . HjFoi- full three, linndfed, years and moo . BSiixt EdwardeVinasA almll be layed lcrwe ; HTwhcn Soventh EWards him doth ravne, ? Sixt Edwardc's jb» shall'be said agayne.' j A : - , ; To Prevent Sunstroke.— Tlie first thing is to watch for its pre monitions. We know a hot day when we see it. And 'the sun is always felt to be oppressive to ,the brain and general system before the seizure takes place. Be warned. Seek the shade. Don't attempt to fight with the great forces of nature. But the specific preventive of sun stroke will be found in tlie copious' use- of cold 'water before the heat has. affected the system — as cold water and ice are also, the best restoratives, in medical hands, after a sunstroke lias occurred. This sad visitation, so common every year on this continent, is seen to be the fruit of 'carelessness — a needless in fliction. Take a handkerchief, dip it in cold water and wring it out. This, placed in the crown of the hat, and its moisture renewed from time to- time, will be found an effective5 prevention. A sponge would answer equally Well, and would keep moist longer. Persons necessarily ex posed to the rays of the sun should drink a glass of water from time to. time, and also bathe the hands and face in cold water. It would be convenient if more of our towns and cities had drinking fountains. We may add that the white Kepi, im-, ported from India, is a valuable! protection- ; the white scarf twisted round the liat not half so valuable, for it leaves the crown exposed- If the above directions were generally followed, sunstrokes would be al most unknown, and every news paper may assist in promoting this desirable end by giving this cur- , rency.- ' Summer Drinks. — The general want in summer of some refreshing drink is widely known by the re turn to the shop windows of the ice-cream advertisements — and here let it be remarked that no more in jurious custom obtains than that of eating or drinking iced prepara tions .; tlie sudden check to the stomach has on more than one oc casion caused death. Thirst is commonly caused by the loss of fluid from the blood- through the pores of the skin ; therefore a cer tain amount of water is required to counterbalance such loss ; and this requires to be piquant and palatable, for, owing to the enervating in fluence of -warm weather, the mouth becomes constantly dry. The fluids which best quench thirst are, first, hot tea, which, if sipped, slightly inflames or stimulates the mouth, and causes :a constant flow of. saliva; secondly, aerated waters, , which are very refreshing, but they lack an important element — cheapness ; thirdly, very good .ginger beer and gingerette. Another pleasing drink is made by adding to a' tumbler of waiter two teaspoonfuls of lemon syrup. This last may be made as I follows : obtain two and a half ounces of citric acid find two scruples of essence of lemon ; boil four pounds of loaf sugar in a quart of water, skim carefully, and add the acid, and essence. This will keep for any length of time in well corked bottles. Ordinary beer,' spirits, &c.;, do not quench the thirst effectually, tlie first,, savoured with salt, really tends to increase it, while spirits, by inflaming the coats of the stomach, increase the want ; weak wine and water is, a refreshing .draught, but is not re required except in enfeebled sys tems. In. large ironworks, and other factories where the men are exposed to great heat, oatmeal, is mixed with water and drunlc with great benefit it would, not re commend itself, however, to a fanci ful palate. For children toast and water is veyy wholesome. Toast slowly a thin piece of bread till ex tremely brown and hard, but not the least black, then plunge it into a jug of cold water and cover it over an lioiu*! before use. The water should be of a fine brown colour before drinking. Details respecting the ceremonies which follow upon the death of a Pope are always interesting, so the following may prove acceptable : — When the Pope is dead, the Car dinal Chamberlain, adorned in pur ple, knocks three times, with a golden hammer at the ' door of thei, bed-cha\tiberK calling the Pope by his Christian, family, and Papal names. In the presence of the clerks and attendants he then de clares 'he is dead,' the fisherman's ring is brought to him and 'broken, he takes possession of tlie Vatican, and the great bell spreads the news over the city. The dead Pope is embalmed, and lies in State at St. Peters for nine days. ? Oil the tenth day, and after the .burial, the new Pope is elected by ballot, and the ceremony of the coronation is then performed. [ ? I Apropos of Tichborniana, the Pall Mall Gazette has discovered Jliat Stilton cheese was first made by a Mrs. |Orton, of .Little Dolby, Leicestershire, in 1738,' anil that a Mr. Samuel; Orton was executed at Tyburn in jl656, going to tlio scaf fold in a mourning coach instead of the. usual cart. : The totfil number of slieep in Russia (excluding Poland)' ]is rec koned to be. 4-1,170,000, of/ which 11,655,000: ; are 1 of the 'fine-wooled (merino) breed, the: rest being of ordinary kinds. Tlie yearly pro duction of; Russia, has been calcu lated roughly to, be from, 108,900, 0001b to 126,000,0001b'., , -of which about two-thirds are worked up in the country. Horses and Draught Animals in Europe. — Tlie Rivista Militare fur nishes us with the following in formation ^respecting the number of horses ahd draught animals in Europe, j Russia appears to have 18,000,000, and to'employ 325,000 in her army. In Germany there are 2,500,000 draught animals ; in Austria, 3!,100,000 ; in France, 4,250, 000 ; in, Englandj 2,666,200 ; ' in Italy, 1,100,000, 700,000 horses and mules and 400,000 donkeys. Dur ing the last war Germany had as many as 290,000 horses, and it is calculated that France requires 230, 000\. In France mules are exten sively used in the military trains, and the country contains 500,000 donkeys. The Ciiartojdeter. — An extremely ingenious and at the same time sim ple instrument lias been invented by Mr. Edward Russel Morris, of Birmingham, which will come into universal use by surveyors, geo graphers, navigators, travellers, and all who deal with maps and charts. It is called the. chartometer, and is intended for measuring distances on maps. No matter . what the course of route, it gives instantly the length of a winding river or railway, or the line round a sea coast, equally well as J that of a .straight road. The chartpmeter has the appearance of a wafeh with a small wheel partly projecting, and to measure any line the instrument is held upright, and the, little rolling' wheel run along the line ; as the wheel advances, a hand registers on a d}al the distance travelled inmiles, yards, &c.;, according to( the scale of the map; To deal wj.th a map of different scale, a glass front is removed, and one of 'tie various printed, dials corresponding to the fresh scale is slipped intdits place: A recess in the leather case of the chartometer contains a set of dials adapted for the Ordnance andother standards, while the little appar atus is rendered suitable for the pocket by the absence of a\iy sharp corners. / ' ' A curious specimen was for warded a short time llack to Mr. Frank Buckland, the eminent pisci culturist. It consists pf an oyster, the shells of which/ are, tightly clasped round the nec t of a mouse. The head is inside the shell. The oyster, which is a pure native, .was probably lying in a larder with the shells open, when the mouse put his head in to eat the meat of the oyster, and was immediately nipped by it. ? Caution to Bathers.— The fol-| lowing advice is given by the Sec retary of the Royal Humane So ciety : — Avoid bathing within two hours after a meal. Avbid.batliing when exhausted by fatigue or from any other cause. Avoid bathing when the body is cooling after pers piration ; but bathe when the body is warm, provided no time is lost in' getting into the waier. Avoid chilling the body by sitting or stand ing naked on the banks or in boats, after having been in the water] Avoid remaining too long in thd water, but leave it i immediately there is the slightest feeling of chilliness. Avoid : bathing alto gether in the open air if, after hav ing been a short time in the water, there is a sense of chilliness with numbness of the hands' and feet. The vigorous and strong may bathe early in the morning on an empty stomach, but the young and those who are weak had better : bathe three hours after a meal ; the best time for such is from two to three hours after breakfast. 1 Those who are subject to attacks ,of giddiness and' faintness, and those, who jSuffer from palpitation and other sense of discomfort at the heart, should not bathe without' first consulting their medical adviser. ,.j A recently deceased judge pos sessed remarkable talents as a pun ster. ' Pray, my lord,' said ajlady, ' can you tell me , what sort of bird the'Wbul is ?' — ' It is the male of the coo-coo, I suppose,' replied the liumbrous judge. | A curious mode of fish-h'atcliing is said to be followed in China. Having collected the necessary spawn from the' water's edge, the fishermen place a certain quantity in an empty hen's egg, which is sealed 'up with wax and put under a sitting hen. After some days they break the egg and empty the fry into water well warmed by the sun, arid there nurse them until suffi ciently strong to be turned into a lake or river* , The English Roscius.— Garrick frequently .visited a Mi*. Rigby, at. Misley Thorn, iri Essex, Mr. Rigby one day enquired of his servant what company had arrived. The servant said Lord M ? was come, and had brought with him a short gentleman, with very bright -eyes, meaning Mr. Garrick. ' Why have I not the pleasure of seeing them here ?' said Mr. Rigby. ' I don't know,' said the servant, 'how long it will be before my lord can make his appearance; for the case is this. The barber came to shave his lord ship ; and, just as he had shaved half his .lordship's face, the short gentleman with the bright eyes began to read the newspaper tp liim ; but he read it in sue a droll way, and made so many odd faces, that my lord laughed, and the barber laughed, and when I went into/ the room I could not help laughing too ; so that, sir, if you don't send for the short gentleman, his lordship/ must appear at diriner with one ,mle of his face smooth and the othrfr with a beard of two days' growth!' When Mr. J ohn Scott ( afterwards Lord Eldon) was at the bar„ he was remarked for the sang-froid with' which he treated the judges. On one occasion a junior counsel, on hearing their Lordships give judg ment against his client, exclaimed that he. was surprised at such a de cision. . This was construed into a contempt of court, and he was or dered to attend at the bar next morning. Fearful of ' the conse quences, he consulted his friend John Scott, who told, him to be per fectly at ease, for he .would apolo gise for him in a way that would avert any unpleasant result. Ac cordingly, when the name of the delinquent was called, John Scott rose and cooly addressed the assem bled tribunal— 'I. am very sorry, my lords, that my young friend has : so far forgotten himself as to treat your, honourable bench with dis respect ; he is ; extremely penitent, and you will kindly ascribe his un intentional insidt to his ignorance. You must see at one that it did originate in that. He said he was surprised at the decision of your lordships. Now, if he had not been very ignorant of what takes place in' this court every day— had lie known you but half so long as I have done — he would not be sur prised at anything you did. There is a story told of a French gentleman who, having lost tile bulk of his property through thei rascali ties of friends in whom lie trusted, crowned it all by the loss of his riiental balance, and for thei remain der of his days found his only de light in riding in omnibuses and passing fares from passengers to. the conductor, talcing care when the change was returned to add to it a sou or two from his own pocket, and watch the effect on the re ceiver. In nine cases out of ten, as the story goes, the passenger, counting. over his change, and find ing- as lie' supposed, that the con ductor had cheated himself, would look -bewildered for a moment, and theiv pockct -the, change with a quiet chu(isr/er 7'The special delight ~'of the lunatic was satisfying himself in this way that nine-tenths of his fellow-men were dishonest, if they only had the opportunity. The Duke of Wellington's Um brella. — In the life of Admiral Sir Edwd. Codrington, by his daughter, Lady'Bbuchier, it is stated that in February, 1642, the Queen came accompanied by Prince Arthur, to spend a' day at her Admiralty House. ; The next morning her Majesty went off to (Spithead in her yacht to Visit the': Queen, new three decker, accompanied by Admirals and Generals, Lords of the Admir alty, and the Duke of Wellington. The, latter was at that time Tar from strong ; and he caused great un easiness to the sailors by unsteadily mounting and descending the, com panion ladders with his hands en cumbered with his large cocked hat and ;his umbrella, and perti naciously refusing ariy. lielp what soever. Many a hand: was offered to relieve him ofthe Umbrella, and none could -imagine why the offer seemed to vex him so much, until it was afterwards leamt that' this holding his - umbrella for him had often been used as a trick by his admirers to obtain and carry it off as a memorial of hint'; he had lost so many umbrellas by this means ? that he was now resolved to hold it for himself ! ' % Twa droutliie cronies hearing that their conduct was. lilcely to be made a matter for the Kil-k Session, made up their minds to block that game by calling on the minister'aiid' , promising to become teetotallers in future. After a long discussion the clergyman spoke thus to one of . them Peter, I think I know you to be a man of your word, and the greatest temptation only could in duce you to break it, so I will re commend a postponement of your case for awhile, so that your walk , and conversation will give a guar antee that you are a changed man; But as for you, . William, I don't know what to' say. I know you to be a man of determination, and able to stand against adversity, stand against loss of friends and relations, stand even against prosperity, which is harder, you can stand also allure ments of female charms, in fact, you are able to stand all things biit one.' ' What's' -that, minister ?'' ' You . cannot stand' a bottle of -whiskey.' ' William replied with a broad grin, ' Ye auld sneck drawer, I can stand that, there's the siller. I aye thochtye 'could talc' ataste yoiirsel.' At St. Patrick's Gatheral, Dublin, there was an old Vicaii Choral who loved his: dinner ' not! wisely, but tot- well.' He had be ught a fine quarter of mutton, and intended to have it for his Sundiy's repast, after the fatigue of chanting the morning service, but forgot to tell his wife in what manner he wished it to be cooked. The, good lady, however, was equal to the emer gency. In the middle, of the Te Deum, a small boy was 'observed to creep up tlie aisle till he came near the choir,' where his father was singing, and a piping treble mingled with the chorus thus: 'My mother's got a quarter of muton, and she don't knowl what tovdo-oo- oo wi't.'- The father responded: 'Let her boil the leg, and roast the loin, and make a dumpling of the su-u-et. Omnes — Amen !' On the Wrong Side.— Robert Kettle, a temperance missionary in Glasgow, left a few tracts with a young lody 'one morning. Calling; at the same house a few days after wards, he was rather 'disconcortcd at observing the tracts doing duty as ciu-l-papers on the head of the damsel to whom lie had given them. 'Weel, ma lassie,' he remarked, ' I see you have used the tracts I left wi' ye ; but,' lie added, in time to turn confusion into merriment, ' ye have putten them on the wrang side o' your head, my woman.' A Vallejo (California) young lady, about to go off in the cars, stepped into the dark sitting room of the depot to kiss her friend Sarah good-bye. Owing to plie darkness she '.didn't hit Sarah, but carbine d. on a Chinaman, and didn't find out her mistake until' John yelled, ' Wliatee for you so chokee me ? Hi yah ! No squeeze so muchee |l' A screech,, a flopping of feminine garments, a slammed door, and that girl was gone. ( The Ohio river has a remarkably long face. 1 It is twelve hundred miles from its head to its mouth. A Rival Laureate. — A rural poet thus . breaks forth : ' Oh, the snore, the beautiful' snore, filling the chamber from , ceiling to floor ! Over the coverlet, under the sheet, from her wee dimpled chin to her pretty feet ; Now rising aloft like a bee in June, now sunk to a wail of a cracked bassoon ; Now, flute like, subsiding, then rising again, is. the beautiful snore of Elizabeth Jane.' ' Oh, ma,' said a little girl who : had been to the Zoological Gar dens, ' I've seeii the elephant ;_and he walks backwards, and eats with his tail.' - ' ? Among the ' conditions of sale' by an Irish auctioneer was the fol- . lowing : ' The highest bidder to be the purchaser, unless sorne gentle man bids more.' The young lady with speaking eyes has made them hoarse by over using them. , An American .paper, in noticing a new steamboat, says : ' When loaded she will draw less than a foot of water. In case the river becomes, perfectly dry, she will run on a heavy dew, or by the aid of a / , wet sponge secured on her keel.' L ' Don't you take rather too much '/ spirit for a single man ?' asked a ( kind individual of one who liad beeit / indulging pretty freely. 'I beg- \ pardon,' sir ; I have been married \ . I these ten years,' was his answer. \^''- Printed and published by the proprietor, V John Andrew, at tlio Wharf Store, Hay, Ne.iv South Wales, $ 