înterestiîng Experiments on Foiii Air I (From rx correspondent of the Daily News.) I Paris, February 4, ; I'NPT.UN DENALUU/.K !.< proving to ihn savana ol j i'.'.i'i» that ii' miner;'. Uem--<-''orth perish, from chok* !.!.-. mp it will not he {hronab I.lu. fnuit of ivienco. Uh .!<.uic:'!'triitioua to tki'-i cilïc-t are mudo iii the Cuta comb.--, under tho une «I'Kmer. Tbo theatre of hh I P.: pfrii;:er.t:; i1: a spaeo '??ii-timd by the intersection ot tiv.-r, low galleries propped up v.ith squat freestone [ pilier-- aai! hu erl with skull;; and tibia:!. Thoso detail* i uti: roiidevviii risible by tho light of fiarme torches, such ii3 cue aces in tho Bercy wine vaults. In thc centre of thc opening stands a largo glass box, 01 rather chamber, which ini»'ht havo been borrowed from tho managers of tho Brighton Aquarium. Its inmates aru uot lishee, but v. lordly dunghill cock, very proud of his bcariot- coat decorations, and a rabbit which might he takes for an emblem of unintelligent vacillation and timidity. \i the extremity of thc glass chamber, farthest from thc seats provided by Cap tain Deuarouze for tbosa who wish to look on at his oxperiinct-.l;,, líos a tin cylinder, closed at both ends. Ar iudiarublior tubo is inserted into the cylinder, ot whick more presently. VVhflu the performance is about tc comineuce a few more torches are lighted. A mau dressed like a miner then comes forward, enters tho glass chamber, which is closed ou him hermetically, and th»n proceeds to work willi a pickaite. to tho evident annoy, auco of tho cock and ibo bewilderment of the rabl-il. He has an hi s back a tin box shaped like aknupsnck, aud fastened to his breast a littlo lautem, with very pow erful reflectors. As ho stoops, wo observo that his nostrils aro shut by means of a spring resembling tho central part of a pair of spectacles. Wo also see that bo holds in his mouth a bono tube, from which proceeds another of gutta percha, ending in thc knapsack. The man is in no wiso embarrassed with th s apparatus. He tsars up tho ground and moves about heavy blocks of freestone, crawls on his hands and knees, and acts as if he were in a mino instead of in a glass chamber in the Catacombs. Whilo ho is so en gaged, the captain explains that tho knapsack is a sort ol' gasometer, containing a supply of vitnl air. und that the big cylinder cont ains a reserve fund. ll* then turns a cock, which he says is to iii thu glass chamber with carbonic-acid gas. Before many miuutes elapse, tho vainglorious bird shows signs of physical discomfort, turns blue nt the wattles, loses his loially air, Haps bis wings languidly, droop», goes off into a faint, and gives up the ghost. Tho rabbit's struggles for life arti moro convulsive and his kicks go on for a louger time AVhile death thus invades the chamber, tin» miner works away, not mind ing the poisonous gas. His lamp, which also couimn- ii eates with tho knapsack, contiuues to burn bright, thong i four torches in the glass room have gone out Coi' want of oxygen. Tho moment tho light in it grows dita, tho man understands that ho must draw upon 11K> reservo fund of vital air, from which ho replenishes his portable ga-somoter. Hydrogen ¡iud oxygon gas aro next turned in upon bim. But lie is not hurt by tho iullaminablo atmosphere, for the llamo of his lai ip cauuot como in con tact "¡th it, Tho wholo contrivance is so simple, that ono wonders it was not long ago invented. Captain Di«mrou»(»'» miners' knapsack was first Htigip'steil to him by tho diving-bell, which, ho Hatters himself, bis apparatus will supersede 