Kiama, and i 'a harbor works, wero auLjootB for gre3t discussion in tha Legislative Assembly on Tburoiky last. On nocccasioD aiuce the time of the culobratcd ' Kiaina Ghost' sensation, ban that part of the district of Illawarra received sujh ?nttcntioa at the hands of honorable members ds on the evening alluded to. As will bo noticed by reference to the fourth pago of this issue, the * discussion reforred (c took place over the item of -,£21,560 proposed by tho Govcrnmeut to bo provided on the Loan Estimates for deepening and otherwise improving tho harbor at Kiarun . As a matter of oouvse, any preposition to expend any considerable sum o; public money in . connection with tho South Ceest districts, is certain to meet with etrenuous opposition in tho ?House. The preBout instance provc-d no exception to the rule in that rsepesr. Thy mere mention o* providing anything towards deepening ihs harbor ?or shipping place in course of foi-ciatiou al Kiama, had an elfcct upon several honorable members somewhat similar to that which the waving of n ?red rag would hare upon a bull. Those politioal wiseacres at once prouounc^d the past and proposed expenditure on that harbor es so much waste of public funds ; in faot, thai nil the money t that bad been txpoudo-l there ' had boon throws into the sea.' Mr. Macintosh, who, some time sinoa said in the City Couuoil thatu cabbage-head V70uld not grow in Iilawarra, further displayed liia ignorance concerning matters connected v.-ith this district, by asserting on Thursday last in tho Assembly, that it would bo belter for the Gorern ? inent to buy all tho produce in the district of Kiama than to espend the .£21,000 proposed on the harbor woika at that town. He failed, however, to explain, or point out, what the Government buouIJ do with the produce of the : Kiama distriot aftor purohasing it. Ofcoursethe purohoBing prooesa would have to be continued from year to year, end thoreforo, a nioe little sum would havo to bo provided , annually by Parliament for that purpose, ;,: . Perhaps Mr Macintosh would expeot an r appointment aa a sort of Agent-General under the Government, for tho purchase of eggs, butter, , ; V: end pigs, &c;, at Kiamo; seeing thnt ho is :' possessed ofeuob a olonr, comprehensive, and ; :: correct fcnotvledgo of the district, its capabilities, ; and resources, And this is the maD, bo it ?; reraombered, who is known as, und is openly . termod in tho AsGombly, ' Tho Representative ;. ' of the City Couuoi!,' If ho had his way, he would fBn;:y- squander the whole of our public revenue on tho ?£. ;:' ?; ': .''? ?.:??;? ' city of Sydney, und its suburbs, but he would not ? ... allow a ? shilling to bo expended on tbo South ?; -[:? -' -:; . Coast districts. Mr Booth proposed to open new ') ;??; ??'?; :'';;:. settlements at Lako Macquarie and Port W!;-; Stephens by tho expenditure of public money, ht::\ rather than grant tho £21,000- proposed for ; ': improving iho harbor at Kiama, -Mr Booth V, roust he s modern Solomon indeed. Who but ? ; ;: such an ono could contemplate and propo3o cuch ~y '-?'''.'?' a 6r5Dd* Baou a wise undertaking? Tbo ;? ; districts around Lako Mnoquario and Port v , :V Stephens havo been longer known than has ? V ?' ; ^ / Illawarro, and notwithstanding- that fact, and :?; :: , '. their proximity to Sjdnoy, the land arouud those ' : ? , places is so poor, bo sterile, nnd so worthless ; ;?' that verj few persons hive ever takon up their : ^ ' abode there. Certainly there ia an abuuduDco \- of fine timbor to bo had tit those places, aud Mr \ ?-.;.;'. Booth being extensively engaged in the timbi-r ; trade, it nrould no doubt be a groat edvantac.e to :: him to have the ports ho rofers to opened up at . ' the public expocaa. According to his idea and ; . wi3h, those placeB, which, to use a colonial phrasp, 'would not feod a bandicost,' ohould ,i have a, largo expenditure of public money, made upon them, while a rich, a rising, and a '? ? populous district like Kiama shonld bo neglected ;'., . ; and ignored. Was ever more absurd and pro V;- : posterou3 nouseuso uttorod, even within the ; 7 . , walls of the Assembly ? The last, though not the r least deasrviag of nation in his oppostion to tho \- vole, was Captain OnsIjOW. Ho arrive'd at tho ; conclusion at odco that 'tho first I033 would bo ; :'??, the best ' as rngcrdei] improving the Kiama harbor, ! ;. and therofaro that tho wisest oourso for Parliament ?'???r ;'.'? to pursue would be to refuco to voto any more IK: i-;( j Honey for thatpurnoso. Ho had ascertained that the Imperial C4(iverntnent bad expended u tnillion sterling on the harbor at Guernsey, and thnt iho work had to bo nbaudoiiod aftor all. Thcrcforf ns tho works at Guernsey had been a failure, it followed, in LV.ptain ONstsW'a opinion, thnt nil havborworliflniustbefKiluresalao. Alittlen flocimi) would surely have onlightuncd Ciiptiiin Onslow's daiknesi on the subject, obstina n and cgotiatiu. though he be. Few mon should know better than Oantuiu Onslow Hint scores of the ino.-t gigantic hnrbnr works have been und'ortnkon, otiriied op, nnd succL'saluUy completed by tho Imporial Gnyernuient, as well an by tlio Go»ernmonts of Franco, Russia, Holland, thn United States, and other parts of the world. The oulmionting illustra tion of Captain Onslow's ignorauc! icgurditiji Kiama, hoi7ever, was in hU reaiwk when ho stateti to the House thaf ' tbe-o wn3 a good road betivonu-. Kiama and Sutton Forest, and eDuseqjieiitly thai no harbor at all was required at ..the former plnco. What n wonderful discovery nnd revolution this? To thii.k tliat so many thousand iuhnbi tants of theao districts huvo livad to loam oiily from Ccptiii'i Ouslow that there is a good road between Kiawn aud button ForeBt. Who in Illawarra would have ever been so uaroasunablo as to have asked for a single slnlli.ic; to improve the harbors on tho South Coast if riioy had boeu aware that a good mud existed between Kiuniir and Sutton Forest. A Deputation froa these districts should at once wait upon tha ir.embor for West Caruden with the view of gottiog him to comoand show tho said road to tha people of Illanarra Wo are all conainly in the most profound ignorance of the existence of such an excellent and enticing highway over the mountain to Suttou Forest. Aud further, we would suggest that tho gallant captain bo politely requested to dtivo the first team of lulboks up tbe said road with u losd of pig?, calve?, fowls, buttor, &c;, from some distant poind on the Kiaisa Coast to the ruilway station at Sutton Forest. Iu order to complete the experiment, and give conclusive proof of the suitableness r.nd adaptability of tho road in I question for the purposes which he names, ho should also bring tho teaai down tha mountain again with a load of return tupjilies for the district. After Cuptr.in Onslow had ;;iven such a 'sceance'as rre propose-, i'uj peiiplo of Kiuiaa mi^ht rest nssun-d that his opposition to tho improvement of their harbor would, for over cease, and ibeyshcnld hear uomjve of bis 'Jack Ashore' ideas about the o:;htoDC3 ct u good road betwoun Kiama aud Suite n ForoDt. Altogether tho opposition to the item for improving the harbor of Ivi.ima waa twod upon ignorance of tho f«c(s of the'ca?e, and was nujust to the claims of hit district upon tho Government. Honorable member?, with the exception of thoso for llln -.tarra, Kiama, Shoclhavea, arid Udeu, are divided imo four clusters, which liavo no interest in our direction. Nny, rooro, is i3 to their inti rest in many instances to cheok our progress and stiflo our claims cpon tbo revenue as much as possible. The four clusters or compacts into which' honorable members of the Legislative As3ombly ' are divided are the Metropolitan ar.d Suburban members, the Noitheru mstabers, tho Western members, aud tho Southern members. It will be remembered that nhilo so much opposition was offered to the voto for Kiamo, there wao not a einglo word haid against the £-1000 proposed in tho same estimato to bo expended at Newcastle, nor to tbo largo expenditure proposed to be m&do; in tbo southern and western districts. Y/o nro happy to notice, however, that the item for Kiama wag passed by a Img' majority, and that tbe uiembor for this district did not voto against it; although ho expressed himself to tbst effect, as ho wished tho matter posponed utitil next session. 