i DISSENTERS, v.- CHURCHMEN.. I I had placed in my hands tho otlior day a veuerable inamiscript copy of some unpublished vorsos,,addrqssed in Anno' Domini 1740, byiThomas Munns,' a Diesdntiug minister, -to a "clergyman" of tho Established Churoh. They had a plain way of Bpoakiug in those days. : Tho parson had been talking slightingly of the Dissenting preacher, and thus tho latter retorts i— : The judgment, sir, which you did pass, ' -Was without meroy, aud, alase, " It was as strango as now, " ; That Unordained men who Toach, Or such as Do at Meetings preach; i - Aro all a Damned crow. ; ; - After some warm- .protests against tl)is swooping condemnation, | Mr ;Muutis thus discoqrsotli c3- olbrioal millinery' and the Disacutiug ministers' scorn thereof ; " No Gouud nor Cassock do they wear - When thoy do publickly appear - i To serve tho Lord of Hosts. - ...i: Wlieu they aro praying with their flock, ; Thoy don't put on a Lmuen frock, - : To mako thorn look liko ghosts. - But tho late Mr Munus reserves his bitterest ear: oasra for his parting shot. He Concludes his Verses thus (he is still describing his DlsBeutiug brethren):' To Heaven they send most fervent cries, ' "' And pray for all their oncmies, , 1 . . . ' His pe. ice they still pursue. ' , Oiit of ye tnpN they won't bo shamed, And if sitcli.' .on as theso aro Damned, ' - ' 'B will bccoino of You ? ' That quest;,. , as beon auswored ono way, or the otlior aboii century ago. — " /Eglos," in tho Australasia From Tudia we learn that Northbrook has beeu' Buffering from a slight attack of dongtio fevieiy. Since the first outbreak of oholera thii year t6 2oth October, thoro have beeii 828 cases aiid 529 deaths among European soldiers, their wives and children in Bengal. From the first outbreak ut . Peshawur to tho 20tb of October the oases. of European soldiers were 57 j women, 8 j and children, 19. Deaths— soldiers, 45 j Women, 6; children, 15, Oaptuiu . Armstrong w!l3 '0lle f .l'10 fe'al casus, -. The diseuse Nfcill ; .lingers, but its iiitoiiBity has doer eased. The uows brought by the lute mail was not very important. In a resolution lately published, the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengul had an nounced; that " tho groat objoot of tho Govern ment now is to oxtend primary education among tho iiiussos of tho people," It was computed that botween two.tliirds und throe-fourths of the 'population of Madras" city had had the dengue. The Red Hill rosorvoir, whence Madras obtains her lyater supply, had oonuuoncod to louk, and though', it was said that (horo was no dangor, tho faot that there uro leaks has causod con- sitiev'ablo e'xcitomeiH iii' Jladj/w,:,.. Lieutenaut E. ,R. AVoodwsrd, of H.M.'a 49th Regiment, diori. at Mhow on tlio 27th September: . from ihydrophobia. 