LOCAL AND GENERAL. GUNDAROO. from our correspondent.! Junb 18. — Since my last it has rained more or less ovory day, and while writing it does not look very much liko a change. Our farmers aro now wishing for dry weather. On Saturday last. Qoorgo Faulkner, hotter known as Old Blocker, was brought up at tho Police Oourt, before Messrs. Styles and Afflook, undor the Vagrant Act, for using obscene language in a public place ,and was sent to Queanbeyan gaol for three months. Tho adjournod case, Leary v. Vallanoe, was brought on again to-day. Messrs. Russell, P.M., .and Styles and Aiileck wore on the bonoh. Mr. Vallanoe objected to Mr. Affleok remaining on the bench, but his objection was paid no at tention to ; ho then objected to the acting Olerk of Petty Sessions making any statement to tho bonoh in explanation of the difference between the present caso and one disposed of somo two months ago. This lod to the bench holding a oonsultation, which resulted in their stating that a non-suit having taken place in the present caso on tho previous occasion, it could again bo heard and disposed of. The case waB then proceeded with. Your readers will porhaps reraembor that the plaintiff sued for the valuo of a horse sold out of tho pound, no notice of the impounding having beon sont to him, and that his name appoars in tho Brands Directory as " Anty " instead of Arthur Loary. Mr. Vallanoe, who is poundkoeper, now stated that if ho had postod a letter to the defondant it would have gone to Yass, and the defendant would not havo rooeivod it. He then laisod another objection, that tho bonch had no jurisdiction, as thero was no bailiff appointed to the oourt. This also was overruled, when tho case proceeded. Arthur Loary then deposed that he lost a filly about seven months ago; tho mailman told him a fow days after of a filly with his brand ; he wont to see about the mare, and to tho person who had it in charge to broak in. who told him it had boen sold out nf thn nnnnd In a »— ..a auattie ; ne then went to the defendant and spoke to him ; they referred to the Brands Directory, and found the brand thore ; the defendant thon told him he would see Beattio nbout the mare, but he had not seen him ; ho demanded the value of tho filly from defendant's wife ; his (plaintiff's) Christian name is not in tho Brands Directory. Bonjamin Buokmastcr deposed that he is a farmer and grazier ; defendant had shown him tho blaok filly ; he saw tho brand on 'it plainly ; it is A over The defondant thon statod that he had made avory effort in his power to disoover tho ownor of the filly ; to prove that he sold it legally from the pound he produced the magistrate's bill of sale ; and tho value, ho asserted, had novor boon de manded from him by the plaintiff. Acting O.P.S. Walmaloy deposed : I was in Mr. Vallanee's store whon plaintiff came in and askod for Mr. Vallanoe, who was Btated to be out at the timo ; plaintifl then demanded from Mrs. Vallanoe tho mare or its value, but she said she bad nothing to do with it. The benoh invited the defondant to go into the witnoss-box, and he declined, but after a lengthy discussion between the defendant and the Police Magistrate, the former was sworn, and deposed : When tho filly camo into tho pound I did all I possibly could to discover the ownor ; I advortisod it in tho Yass and Queanboyan newspapers and in the Gazette; I also enquired of several persons if they knew tho ownor ; as I did not know tho owner. I could not send a notice of tho impounding by registered letter ; I was not aware that a notice was required to bo posted at the Court- house, and consider that a slight omission, and of no conse quence ; I can call witnesses that tho filly is a wild, ugly brute. The bench unanimously decided to give a verdict for tho plaintiff, damages, £2, costs of oourt, 3s. , and expenses, 20s. The defendant said he had protested before the ease was gone on with, and he now protested against tbo verdiut given. Tho bench told him that his protest was of no use, as thoro was no appoal. Yass Municipal Council.— The Mayor (Mr. Oottroll) has called a mooting of the Municipal Council for Thursday next, at half-past two p.m., at the Court-house. We understand thero is a good deal of business on the notice paper. School Books.— We learn that the school books supplied to several schools' on account of the Council of Education aro most wretchedly bound, and that the only hold the covers have is tho thin page of paper pasted to the hoards. The consequence is that before the books are in the hands of the children for half an hour tho covers fall off. Tho books are expected to last for twelve montbB, but this is simply impossible when tho binder's work is so shamefully slummed. The Railway Survey.— Wo understand that Mr. Grundy, oivil engineer, will not complete the copy of the Government plans, &c.;, for tho exten sion of the railway Yasswards until to-day, and that he expects to start for Yass to- morrow. For tunately tho woather has cleared up, and it is not unlikely that the field work will proceed without further impediment or delay. Should suoh an application become necessary, it is expeotod that tho Government will grant an extension of the time allowed for making the private survey. The Chief Justiceship and thb Prbsidbnt of the Legislative Council.— It is rumoured in Sydney that Sir James Martin is to succeed Sir Alfred Stephen as Chief Justice, and that Sir Alfred will succeed the late Sir Terenoe Aubrey Murray as President of the Legislative Council. By our telegram it will be noticed that Mr. Hay is also spoken of as probable successor to Sir T. A. Murray Thh Divorce Court.— Tho Primary Judgo in Equity— his Honor Mr. Justieo Hargrove— has boen appointed Judgo under the Matrimonial Causes Act of 1873. The new Divorce Court will be opened on the lot day of July next,. The Council of Education's Statistics. — If all the figures published by the Council of Education are as inaccurate as those given in connection with St. Augustine's (R.C.) eohoola in Yass, tho report cannot be said to possess much value as an indica tion of the progress of oducational affairs in tho colony. In tho report for 1872 (tho last published) wo find tho following particulars, and place tho nctual facts in parentheses Number of children on the roll, boys, 02 ; girls, 50 ; total, 118 (correct numbor, boys. 82; girls, 75; total, 157). School foes paid during tho year, £105 I5s. 9d. (correct figures, £105 15s). Books and appar atus, £0 I2s. (corroot figures, £7 12s. Od). In tho return prepared on tho motion of Captain Onslow, tho number of free pupils at St. Augustine's schools for the quarter ending 31st Dcccmbor, 1872, it stated at 41, whereas tho actual numbor of soholars by or for whom no fees wero paid for tho twolvo months ending 31st December last was — boys, 12 ; girls, 13 ; total, 25. PRESnYTERiAN SciiooL. — At the end of tho pre sent month tho Presbyterian school at Yass will bo closed. Tho teacher, Mr. Orernr, has received an appointment to a school near Goulburn. The Weather, — A gratifying change occurred in the weather on last Saturday, when the long- continued rain eoased, and was Bucceodod by bright sunshine. The nights nro now frosty, with a dense fog each morning, which lasts until after ton o'oloak. Bright sunshine follows, and continues nearly until sundown. A wcok or two of such pleasant weathor will do much to relieve the town of tfre- unusual numbor of influonza cases prevail ing at tbo prosont time, there having been for soveral weeks past scarcoly a dwelling in whioh one or more persons were not sufferors from the comnlnint. Insolvent Court.— On Wednesday last, in tho cstato of William Harris Howard, a third mooting. Insolvent, who is rosidont at Yass, did not attend. Tho following claims wore proved Roilly and Cohen, £20 3s. lOd. ; Myers and Solomon, £11 10s. Od. ; J. Frazor and Co., £41 3s. 8d. ; Prince, Ogg, and Co., £310 18s. 3d. ; Alderson and SonB, £112 Is. lOd. A claim on tho part of Murphy and Sons, for £1314 (Is. I0d,, had been put in, in an informal mannor ; and as the necessary papers had not been recoived for proving their claim formally, the meoting was adjourned to tho 2nd July. Insolvencies. — Charles Palmer Leeder, of Young, builder. Liabilities, £057 Is. 1 0d., of which £70 aro scoured. AsBotB, £220 17s. 0d. Deficiency, £427 7s. 4d. Mr. Humphery, official assignee. — Michael King, of Wagga Wngga, late of Tumut, constable in pulico forec. Liabilities, £211 0s. 3d., of whioh £30 is secured. Assets, £05 9s. Mr, Sompill, official assignee. Unclaimed Letters.— List (No. 10) of letters returned from tho country, and now lying at the General Post Offioe, Sydney, unclaimed -.—Ship Letters. — 10 Jas. H. Brough, Young ; 14 D. Douglas, Yass ; 22 Samuel Dunstan, Lambiug Flat (2); 10 W. Forwago, Murrumbidgoe ; 3 James Patoraon, Young (2); 12 George Sims, Lambing Flat, Colonial Letters.— 13 1 Christian Boesonberg, Lambing Flat (2) ; 190 John Bren- nor, Young; 245 J. T. Bunker, Young; 278 A. Butcher, Young; 288 John Byrne, Yuss ; 289 W. Byrnes, YouDg ; 31 James Oarr, Young ; 58 Mr. Oonniles, Young; 01 A. Ohauffouricr, Clarendon ; 92 J. Clavey. Young; 180 John Cox,. Young ; 200 O. Cooper, Young ; 202 Auloy Orah, Young; 12 Henry Davies, Young; 84 J. M. Doyle, Young; 104 Honry Dunn. Burrangong ; 24 G. P. Elliot, Yoong ; 16 Win. Farral, Young; 18 W. Farrell, Yass; 19 Wm. Farrer, Young; 38 Jamos Fitzgerald, Young ; 55 John Ford, Young ; 04 David Glen, Lambing Flat; 135 Marian Guise, Yass River; 21 John Hannaban, Burrangong; 53 Mr. Harinson, Oolloctor ; 91 R. Henderson, Young; 111 Ohns. Hayward, Yass; '139 Jas. Hillier, North Yass; 100 Mrs. Hogan, Young ; 170 R. Holton, Young; 192 Ohas. Howsdon, Yass; 233 Mr, Hunt. Young; 10 Jno. Izzard, Young; 35 T. G. Johnson, Wombat; 2 Robt. Kano, Morangaroll ; 11 Thoa. Kehoo, Young ; 12 Mrs. Jane Kelley, Bethungra; 22 Jas. Kelly, Sixteen- mile, Young; 45 M. Kenny, Yass ; 77 O. Knight, Lambing Flat ; 81 Edward Kurma, Young; 39 Mr. Leary, baliff. Yasnj 17 Frauois r.eger, xass ; 87 W. 14. Looker, Burrangong; 27 John Mahon, Young; 3G Mrs. Main, Yass ; 19 J. Manns, Yass ; 202 O. M'Leaino, Young ; 251 Robert Mitchell, Adelong; 202 Mick Molloy, Young ; 203 Michael Molloy, Young ; 281 R. Morgan, Bungendoro ; 290 John Morrison, Young ; 303 Thos. Morton, Young ; 330 Cornelius Murphy, Young; 353 John Myer, Young ; 5 J. P. Nosh, Young; 8 W. Novon, Wombat; 20 John New- 's,n<. Yass ; 7 Noil O'Brian, YaBs ; 8 Noil O Brien, Yass ; 105 Mrs. M. Pursell, Gunning ; 99 Mr. Rock, North Yass ; 118 OhaB, Ross, Yass ; 130 O. Rumble YouDg ; 9 John Sam, Qundagai (3) ; 77 J. Sloan, Burrangong ; 171 L, S. Spencer, Adelong; 187 John StovenBon, Young ; 235 Peter Sullivan, Yass ; 20 James Taylor, Yass ; 40 Joseph Thompson, Humowood, Yass (2) ; 49 James Thomp son, Greenfield, Mundoonan (2) ; 00 Gv A. Tillett, near Yass; 8 George Vanden, Young'; 15 J. W. Walker, Young ; 25 Miohael Waleb, Young; 123 Mr. Wbiteman, Collector; 150 George Williams, Binalong(2); 200 Wm. Woods, Young; 208 Wm. Woods, Young; 218 Mr. Wright, farmer, Yass ; 12 E. Zouch, Binalong, Liability of Mechanics' Institutes to Muni cipal Rates.— Tho local journals roport that tho Wagga Wagga court for the hearing of appeals against tho assessments for munioipal rates was held on Wednesday— W. M'Bntyro, Esq., J. P., and tho Polioo Magistrate, presiding. Mr. Willans appeared on behalf of tho committee of the Mechanics' Institute, in support of an appeal against the rating of the institution, on tho ground that tho property assessed was vestod in trustees for public purposos, and was therefore exempted from the payment of rates. He quoted tho 103rd clauso of the Municipalities' Act, 1807, whioh ex cepts " land tho property of her Majesty, and un- occupiod or used or roservod or vested in trustees for public purposes ; land and buildings in tho occupation of tho Imperial Government or the Government of Now South Wales, or of the Council of tho Municipality," &o.; The Police Magistrate held that a distinction was clearly drawn in this clauBo between land and land and buildingB. As ho road the olause, tho framer did not eontomplato tho exemption of buildings. Mr. Willans contended that the word " land " in tho clause meant, and was in law commonly acceptod as meaning land and buildings. The land was vested in trustees for a public purpose; that purpose was clearly stated in the grant of the land to bo the ereotion of a build ing for a School of Arts. Mr. Fitzhardinge urged that the intention was in making the distinction to make the buildings liable to rates. Ho instanced the oasos of the Sydney City Oounoil against tho University and St. John's College, which the Supremo Oourt in 1857 hold to bo rateable, and it was only by a special Aot that they afterwards be- camo exempt. Mr. Baylis considered that so long as the land was without any building upon it, it might bo hold as oxempt ; he road authorities in support of his view, and considered that tbo re sidence of the secretary upon the building in itself made the building rateable. The opinion of Mr. MoEntyre being opposed to that of Mr. Baylis, tho further hearing was adjournod to Wednesday, tho 20th inst. Wheat and Flour.— Saturday's S. M. Herald states ; — There is a steady demand for flour at £14 10s. to £15 10s. Wheat has been sold at Gs. Gd., but it oannot be laid down here to-day at that figure. The Aibury Banner remarks : — Local market steady, at late quotations — wheat, 4s. 3d. ; flour, £13. We learn from the Advocate that at Burrowa the advanoo in the price of whoat in tho metropolitan markets has caused a corresponding riso in that district, beBt samples now commanding 3s. lOd New Zealand.— The lateBt dates, via Melbourne, are to the 11th instant. Aa important meoting of the tribes south of Auckland was hold at the Thames on 5 th June. Rewi and most of the lead ing chiefs were present. The verdiot was— Wo won't fight if you don't. But not the slightest sympathy with the pakeha was expressed. On the contrary, a very decided stand was token for the preservation of native rights, There was to he no more surveying, no more land-Belling, and in tho event of war in tho Waikato the non-intervention of tho Hauraki and Piako Kingitos was only to be purchased by the absolute tapuing of tho Thames and Piako rivers from the use of tho Govornmont for transport purposes ; and if peace should happon to bo prosorvod, the declared policy of tho nativos moans simple obstruction to tho progress of settle ment and developing tho resources of the country. We do Dot acknowledge your authority, said tho principal chiefs ; we aro independent, and stand upon our tribal rights. Second Telegraph Line to Batuurst. — Tho superintendent of tolegraphs, reports the Western Independent, tho commissioner for railways, and the acting traffic managor, arrived in Batliurst by special train on Friday night, having left Goulburn that morning. The object of their visit waa to enable Mr. tirackncll to judge of tho best method of giving a second lino of wires on tho lines of railway, in anticipation of tho reduction to be made in the price of telegrams" in October next. Tbo linos throughout tho colony will in all probability bo doubled, and Morse instruments substituted for tho old alphabetical nuisance which socm to work or rofuso duty at will. Postage on Newspapers. — Victoria has gone ahead of this oolony in the mattorof the reduction of the postage on newspapers. Tho Telegraph states: — Half-ponny postago on nowspapers may now bo regarded as tho law of tho land. In tho Legislative Oounoil, on Wednesday afternoon, tho Post-office Statute Amondmont Bill was read a sooond time, and passed through all its stages sub sequently. Somo attempts wore raado to modify tho bill slightly, but the majority did not see the nooesBity for any cbango in tho provisions as laid before thom, and paBsod it in its ontiroty. Hie Lonqmuir Subscription. — "yEglos," in tho Australasian, remarks:— Well done, Sydnoy ! £700 subBoribod for a widow and a stranger, who had no better claim upon tho New South Walos oommumty thaQ that Bho had suffered a crushing disastor. That Captain Longmuir was murdered upon his voyage to tho colonies did not impose any _ roponsibility upon tho people at his ship's destination to provide for bis bereaved family. But thoso gonorous folk are more liberal than logical, and thoy havo made noble provision. 1 wondor had Mrs. Longmuir beon a Sydnoy rosi dont, and tho misfortune oocurrod on tho voyage to London or Liverpool, whether thore would havo boen Buch a remittance from oither place as that transmitted by tho Bangalore P I don't think thore would, and this witbont dotraeting from British generosity. But tboir benevolent impulses are less quick and loss easily moved. Onco rnoro, well done, Sydney ! _ May intercolonial rivalries often take so/humanising a direction. Tub Cure for Diphtheria.— Particulars wero published the other day of death being stopped in mid-career in a South Australian village by the intelligent use of tho sulphur remedy, and tho Ballarat papors have inserted a very valuable letter from tho Rev. J. Watorhouse, who, in his removal from distriot to distriot as a Wesleyan minister, has had oxcoptional opportunities of observation, and has turned thom to good account. Ho writes words of advico to parents as follows : — " But, whatover tho doctor orders, you must alio ubo sulphur, either by fumigation or inhalation with hot wator. I have never known a fatal case where sulphur has been used properly. But Binoo I camo to Ballarat I have heard of fatal cases, and on inquiry I havo found tho people don't know how to ubo sulphur as a curative agont. Let me describe tbo process. Thero must be fresh air in tho room ; an impure atmosphere neutralises tho effoct. Tho door must bo left ajar for more oxygen. The patient must be 0 ft. at least from the Bulphur. Now, these three conditions are not obsorvod at Ballarat. Sulphur must bavo oxygon to form sulphurous aoid, whioh is tho activo agont affeoting tbo diseased throat. This plan is best for infants, and suitable for all. Inhalation is equally simplo. Buy tho sulphurous (not sul phuric) acid at tho chemist's in glass-stopporod bottle. Fill small teapot with hot wator, and add a table spoonful of sulphurous aoid. Apply the epout to tho mouth. This may be ropeated evory two hours. Or. if possible, garglo with sulphurous acid well diluted in warm wator." " I havo never known a fatal caso whore sulphur baB beon properly used," is the verdiot of other people besides this writer— was, in substance, tho evidence given by our leading practitioners befora thn Rnvnl flnm. mieBion.— Daily Telegraph. A sheep Doo Match.— A sheep-dog match took piaoo at Rosobank Farm, Woodford, on tho 9ch instant. Tho Warrnambool Examiner reports that the contest was between Mr. John Davidson's dog, against Mr. John Taylor's slut, for £10 a side. The first lot of twonty sheep wero lot out of a yard, and takon down to a cloar paddock a dis tance of about six huudred yards. Mr. Davidson thon sent his dog for theshoop, which wore brought up and put through tho gateway in good stylo by tho dog. Twonty others wore preparod for Mr. Taylor's dog in a similar manner, and were put through tho gato after somo dolay. Two lots of five shoep each wero then takon to tho paddock, and in passing through Mr. Davidson's dog do- oidedly had tho advantage. Tho next lots wero throe and two eheop respectively for each dog, whon Mr. Taylor's had tho boat of it for tho smaller number. As Mr. Davidson's dog bccamo tired, ho was unablo to bring up tho sheep, conse quently tho judges awarded the stakes to Mr. Taylor. Many present stated that thoy would prefer Mr. Davidson's animal as being more generally useful in bringing up a largo number of sheep. Rich Qoartz Specimens.— We have been afford ed on opportunity of oxamining some very rich spooimens from the Peep o' Day reef, Ournie. The quartz is the produce of two claims— tho prospectors' and tho amalgamated claim, compris ing Nos. 1 and 2 north. In both samples the gold is plainly visible in such a quantity as iB not often met with, but the character of the two kinds of stono is entirely different. That from tho prospecting clnim is brown'and discoloured, while tho quartz from tho amalgamated olaim is a greyish white, with soams of pure granito through tho heart of tho stone. Many of the piooea from both olaims aro crystallised. Wo wore informed by Messrs. Arthur and Adams, the proprietors of Nos. I and 2 north, that tho quartz was produced from a depth of 79 foot, tho lowest lovel yot reached, and thnt tho reef varies in width from 18 inches to 3 foot. The specimens are, undoubtedly, by far tho richest ever yet procured on the Uppor Murray. — Aibury Banner. Tho Tumut correspon dent of the Qundagai Times atatos:— Last week the Consolidated Lac-ma-lao G. M. Company broke some extraordinarily rioh stono which sur passed anything that has yet beon found at this looality, and was equal to mmy of tho rioh spooi- mons found at Hill End. The oompany aro about to erect a crushing machine on thoir proporty ; when this is completed and tho stone now to grass is roduced, thore is no doubt but it will give one of tho best returns that have boon obtainod in tho Southern districts. Starvation at Sandhurst.— A correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser is responsible for the following tale of misery, and it will bo interesting to noto what effect tho disclosure will havo upon tbo wealthy resideEts of the city of lingo oakes and largo dividends:—" I, tho other night, attend ed the soiree at St. John's. I heard the Rev, Mr. Lowers there Bay that he had some guineas in his pocket for days, and ho did not know to what charitable purpose to dovoto thom, or whom in want to help with them. One would think ' wo had not the poor amongBt us ' at all. If Mr. Lowers has these guineas yet ' burning bis pockot' I oan point out desolate womon and starving chil dren to him, famishing with oold and hunger. I oan take him to ono wretohed family, not twenty yards from my own residenoc, where thore is suoh poverty as I neyer saw sinoe I left Ireland. A bare room ; no iurnituro, no light, no fire ; and a woman and six young ohildron, the eldest nino years of ago, kept partly olothed in miserable rags, and kept from starving by tho help of her neigh bours. It will be said that theio poor oreaturee most bo strangers to Sandhurst. Of oonrse they are, This is no reason why they should ho cut off from benevolence ; it is rather a reason why they should be assistod and holped. They havo beon ia Bendigo about eleven weeks. The woman's hus band was working at Hay, Now South Wales, where also his family resided. Ho went away iu search of employment, leaving his family thore. After many months, hearing nothing of him, and hearing that he was somewhero about Bendigo, tho wifo and the young childron sot out and walked from Hay to Sandhurst. She was wandering about tho town, and a kind person allowed her tho Bholter of an empty room. Thore, huddled to-, gether, aro sovon human beings famishing— " hungry and cold " these winter days and long winter and wintry nights. The only covering thoy have is a pair of old blankets, and there is neither firo nor firowood, coal, nor candle, nor food, for these young creatures and this desolato woman, except such as people, poor thomsolves, can spare them now and then. Of course sbo has not hoard of hor husband. It is almost superfluous to say that during all tho oloven weeks in which she has lived in tbia wrotchod place no clergyman has darkened tho door, or shed a luBtro of comfort around tho dreary placo. They aro ignorant of the oxistcncc of such poverty as this. The woman says that she would go mad if her children wero takon from her. That was her answer to mo when I askod her why sho did not let thom bo taken to the asylum. Any one wishing to help hor can get her addross at the Advertiser olfico. She is willing to work if employment is affordod her." Commissioner for Railways. — We understand that about a couple of scoro of applications havo been received by tho Government for tho offico of Commissioner for Railways, an office at present held by tho Under-Sooretary for Works, and ro- Dort sneaks of tho applicants as being all equally ineligible. — S. M. Herald. A Pleasant Travelling Companion. — On Thursday last, constable Glenficld, stationed at Urana, arrived in Wngga Wagga by coach from Wentworth with a man named G. M. Ramgray, being forwarded to Goulburn gaol undor sentence of throo months as a dangerous lunatic. During tho passago down, Ramgrny manifested a few trilling oeeontrieities whioh wero more dangerous to himself than others, and he required tho vigilance of the constable to bring him safe to Wagga Wagga. At ono period of tbo journey ho amused himself by tearing his shirt into strips and endeavouring to twist them round his neck, and performed n similar foot with his nether garmonts. Ho also pickod up a bit of string that lay unnoticed on tho seat, and was fixing it quietly round hia nock when ho wbb detected. When tho coach was at Brookong changing horses, ho jumped out in tbo dark, and when promptly stopped, appealed to be allowod a run over the plains. This luBt exploit ronderod tho " mufflos " necessary, which the constabio bad refrained from using before as the lunatio ovinced a fearful dialiko to thom. Strange to say, ho admired the handcuffs.— Wagga Wagga Express. Larrikinism at Qrenfell. — Tho following letter haB boon published in tho Mining liecord by tho Rev. H. M. Finnigan : — " Sir, — I am desirous through your columns to bring under the notico of the polico authorities that some boyB of this town aro in tho habit of throwing stones at tho Oatnolia Ohurob, and, in consequence, many of the windows aro broken. On Sunday last, while in the eaoriety, I narrowly escaped the blow of a stono, whioh was sent with great velocity through a pane of glass. For tho purpose of ascertaining the name of the offendor, I immediately went in his pursuit, when a woman, with a most fiendish yoll, accoBted mo with an epithet which I would bo ashamed to mention. Hor brother camo up at tho samo time threatening me with a " lick under the ear." Such aro tho parents or guardians of the boys alluded to ; and as evidently protection oan not be sought from them, 1 must appeal to the polico for it. I am informod tho individuals in question aro rich ; and hero wo havo an illustra tion that this qualification is not alwayB accom panied with ovon the commonest Bharc ot good manneri. A Strange Story.— The head of a woll-knowa Melbourne firm sends us (Melbourne Telegraphy the following narrative, evory word of whioh ha vouches is " strictly true Very extraordinary things have, from timo to timo, boen said and written on tho subject of ghosts. I myself havo road and heard of thousands of instances, to all appoaranoes well authenticated ; but never havo I had tho fortune, good or bad, to bo brought faoe to face with ono, However, faots are stubborn thiDgs ; and I offer tbo following facts for the ac ceptance of your readers:— On Saturday aftor- noon, the 14th inst., I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; tho timo was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past six. Wo wero passing along Spring-Btreet, on tho opposite sido to tho Princess's Theatre, and about opposite to that building, whon I suddenly imaginod that I was on tbo point of running against some object which was crossing tho foot path from the fence to tho road, and I put out my hands to provont striking. 1 observed the extra ordinary appearanco paBs across my path, and, aa it wore, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my loft hand. Ho instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in ordor to prevent a collision. In' puro astonishment wo watched tho appearance for porhaps four seconds, when it oompletely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some Iittlo distance on. and there was no person for some distance behind. Tho appearance wa4 of a very peculiar gray trans parent nature. I oould not for the life of mo say tho form it took. Tho suddenness of its appoaring and disappearing, coupled with tho unusual start which the affair gavo to both of us, would ac count for tho want of a oloser examination. A few words in ooncluBion. On Sunday, 15tb, tho following day, I was passing tho spot, only thia time on tho top of an omnibus, when I pointod to the placo, and mentioned tho fact to the driver, who told mo that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had statod that bo camo bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, " Now, thon, mind whero you're coming," when he also was somewhat startled to see the appearanco suddenly disappear. The Bishop of Goulburn. — Wo understand that the Lord Bishop of Goulburn will arrive at Wagga Wagga on tho 28tb of this montb, after a long and most fatiguing tour of nearly four months, during whioh timo ho and Mrs. Thomas have beon con tinually travelling. His lordship purposos holding an ordination at Wagga on tho 2nd July, at whioh Mr. Feathcrstonhangh with another gentleman will bo admittod to holy orders. The bishop will then, we believe, return to Gonlburn. — Aibury Banner. Accidental Death, — The Tumut correspondent of the Qundagai Times writes : — It is my melancholy duty to rocord a painful and fatal aeoident which happened to Mr. Archibald MeGillivray,' near Tumbarumba, on Friday, the 13th instant. It appears that Mr. MeGillivray was in Tumbarumba on the day of his domiso and had, in company with bis stockman, takon his departure from there to prooeod to his station at Beago. Aftor thoy bad procecdod some milos on the road they had occasion to dismount from thoir horses ; tho deceased gentloraan was remounting, and beforo he waa seated in the saddle tho animal he was riding started ofi in a canter, and ran Mr. MoQillivray's left knoo against a tree, tho iorco of which pitched him over, the other side of tho horso, whero he fell on the top of his bead on a burnt stump, and was killod in stantaneously. The Tdrf— Invitation to His Excellency tub Governor. — A Bpooial meeting of tho committee of tho Murrumbidgeo Turf Olub was held at tho Australian Hotel on Wednesday last to receive tho reply of his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson to , the request that ho would permit himself to ba elected patron of the olub, coupled with an invita tion to the annual races. The reply of bis Ex cellency was to tho offeot that bo would willingly, bocomo patron of the olub, but that at so long a time in advanoo of, the date fixed it would bo im possible for him tostato whether he could attend the meoting. He would, however, be visiting Melbourne early in November, and he hoped thah bo vrotf be wbl«4 (9 do 10. It vu thgfc -a roply to his Excollency bo sent, and the mooting closed. As may bo surmised, thorcforo', although the visit of his Excollency is surrounded with a certain amount of doubt, tho prospect is decidedly in favour of that ovent. — IVagga Braggn Express . Norway Oats, — It may bo of interest to many of our renders to know that tho description of oats known as Norway oats is remarkably prolific. Five pounds weight planted by way of experiment by a farmer in this district yielded a return of six bushels. — Albury Banner. Tub Railway. — Proposed Branch Line to Gundaqai. — Tho Times states — Notwithstanding the railway altercation now ponding between Yass pd Government, the interests of our distriot have n|t been overlooked. Our member, Mr. Macloay, bus been constantly urging for railway extonsion, and where it is not practicable to bring tho main trunk lino ho " goos in " strongly for branch lines. This has been his study for many months pnst with rospcct to Gundngai. We all know that Ooota- mundra will be the nearest point of the main line, and all thut is wanted for this part of the country is oithor a tramway or a branch railway to connect us with tho main line. This we undoubtedly shall have, as wo havo now a pledge that it survey for tho purpose shall bo made, as will bo soen from tho following letter:-" Department of Public Works, Sydney, 14 th Juno, 1873. Sir, — With reference to tho several interviews you have had with mo re specting communication with Gundagai by trnm or railway, I havo the honour toinform you that after consultation with tho Enginoer-in-Ohief for Rail ways I havo instructed a survoy to be raudo as soou as a surveyor can be spared from tho main trunk lino between Yuss and Wagga Wagga, with a view of ascertaining tho best and most ad vantageous mode of connecting Gundagai with the nearest point of the main trunk lino of railway. I have tho honour to bo. sir, your obedient servant, John Sutherland. Wra. Macloay, Esq., M.P., Sydney." We loam that in the oourso of a month tho survey of the main trunk lino will be com pleted, when this pledge of the Minister for Works may bo put into operation. Tbo railway from Goulburn to Wagga Wagga is to bo finished in throe years, and by that time wo ought to havo tho brunoh lino to Oootamundra likewise opened. Oattle Stealing in 1801, — A man named Wra.v Badson who bad been arrested recontly at Turn- barumba, was brought before W. D. Campbell, Esq., J. P., on Saturday last, charged with stealing iwo bead of cattle, tho property of P. Anthony, of Burrowa. It appears that in 1801 Mr. Anthony obtained warrants for two lads named Kelly and Badson, whom ho caught in the oot of stealing bis oattle. Kelly was apprehended and sentenced to two years' imprisonment ; but his oompauion evaded oapturo. Tho prisoner, William Badson, was not identified by the prosecutor ob the person for whom a warrant had boon issuod, and ho was accordingly discharged. — Burrowa Advocate. Extraordinary Bank Fraud.— The. Melbourne Leader has tho following : — A young man named Goodwin, ih receipt of fivo guineas per week as jDviBoi-ncufjor m mo uuioniai uanx, nas just uoon committed for trial on tbo charge of stealing £10,700 of the bank's monoy by a process of falsify ing customer's accounts. A careful peruBal of tho evidence given by tho bank officials shows that Goodwin had tho most extraordinary facilities for committing those alleged frauds. Although his salary was small, his position was onoof great trust, so groat indeed that he had within bis graBp tho whole of tho bank's machinery for rocoiving and paying cash, with little or no check upon him, Thero was, in fact, nothing whatever to prevent bim appropriating £100.000 if he had simply taken tho trouble to onlargo his circle of acquaintances, choosing his friends from tho bank's customers. Goodwin's system was to borrow, say one hundred from Mitohell, a customer, telling Mitoheli that ho would next day pay the sum into tha bank to tho credit of Mitchell's account. Instead of doing this, howovcr, Goodwin morcly filled up a pay-slip, setting forth that Mitohell had paid into tbo bank £100, and posted 'this fictitious amount from the pay-slip into tbo ledgor to Mitcholl's oredit. Of oourso Mitohell JoBt nothing, but the bank was a loser upon this sleight of hand transaction by £100, and so smoothly did tho plan work that neither cashier, aranagor, or auditors disoovored what was going on until totweon £10,000 and £1 1,000 had bean dissipated in riotous living. It is astounding that the fraud was not sooner discovered, that it wns not detected in tho dnily cash balancing, that it was not noted by the auditors. There must surely bo aomo radical defect in tho mode of keeping banking accounts to admit of tho possibility of daily and long continued fraud by bank clerks without detection. Ono weak point in the syatem is shown in tho ovidence. Had thero beon a rule of tho bonk that all pay-slipB should bo initialled by tho teller, and that no ledger-koopor should oot 38 teller, a check would have been interposed that wnuld have barred the success of Goodwin's sohemo. No doubt tho door will bo locksd now that tho steed haB boen stolon, but a littlo moro caution on tho part of tho bank might bavo snvod it from being robbed, and its oustoraors from being plaoed in a very embarrassing position.— The Tele graph of last Friday reports that on Thursday morning David Goodwin, who had pleaded guihy to a charge of dofrauding the Colonial Bank by falsifying the books of the corporation, was brought up for sentonoo before bis Honor Mr. J ustico Barry, in Criminal Sessions. Tho prisoner, in a cool collected manner, in reply to the usual question as to whether ho had anything to sav why sentence Bhould not be passed upon him, said ho had been in the employ of tho bank for many years, and whon ho was first removed to tho Melbourno offico he had a salary of only £150 a yoar, which was Boon after increased. He fonnd himself get ting a littlo behind in his private accounts, and told Mr. Burnes, tho then manager. When ho was appointed managor of the Prahran branch, ho told Mr. Groonlaw that be did not oaro to bo placed in a position where his privato expenditure would be increased, and received £275. During the threo months ho was at Prahran bis books were novor checked by any person, nor wob his cash ever counted. For tho past eighteen months his lifo bad been ono oontinual worry, and tho ovidences of his guilt were open beforo the bank any day, but be had not known hiB book to havo been cheoked for over five or six years, and he hoped bis Honor would tako that into consideration ; and, sooing that he had a wife and family dependent upon him, he hoped the court would deal as meroifully with him as it could. Ho also pointed out that Mr. Moulo had stated in tho_ City Court that all, or nearly all, his defal cations would bo reooverod by tho bank. His Honor said tbo information containod sixtoen counts, but ho was not prepared for tho revela tions made by tho depositions. It appeared that tho prisonor had been carrying on a system of falsification for a long timo back, and to on extent that almost exceeded boliof. How ho was ablo to do so ho could not tell, but there were eight entries to tho oredit of Joseph Johnston, for which there was no foundation in that gontleman'a mercantile dealings. Between 3rd February and 12th May there wore twenty-threo entries in tho book under the prisoner's control relating to Mr. Mitchell's account, of which 8 ,X.'eD. wero .correct. The magnitude of those falsifications might bo judged from tho fact that that aooount was overdrawn between £1500 and £1000 between tho dates named. Konny's acoount was also overdrawn £580, and tbe depositions dis closed the fact that tho accounts of two othor gentlemen had boon overdrawn in a similar way, and the result was, according to tho prisoner's own admission, tho lodger was affected to the extent of £6000 or £7000, and tho prisoner's own confoBBions increased that amount to perhaps £8000. When asked to acoount for that state of things the pri soner's statement wob not of that cbaraoter which ono might Bupposo would bo given for it on tho ground of misfortune. When the manager askod, " What did you do with tho monoy P" tho roply was, " I havo been led into bad company." " But how P'1 the manager said, " you oould never havo hoped to reooup the bank ; you must havo boon Buro it would bavo beon found out," and the answer was. " I wm mad and desperate. I got tbo boos; oa loans, and pMKd fiotitwaj audit to their accounts, and led them to believe I had re paid them." His Honor continued to say that ho soarohod in vain for anything extenuating in the prisoner's conduct. Nothing was more pitiable, nothing gavo one more concern, nothing affected a well-thinking man! moro sinoeroly than such a statemoot made by the prisoner as to his largo and young family being dependent npon him. A pun- ishmont upon him would bo n punishmont upon them it might bo. They would have tbe sympathy of the world, ho had no doubt. Such considerations must not, however, be ullowod to the retributivejus- tico which must be exercised, and it would bo false and mistaken sympathy to allow suoh considerations to havo weight, and tho prisoner's case oould not but bo regarded as ono that should bo visited with soioro punishment. Thore woro seven distinct charges olosely associated one with the other, but, with sufficient intervals of timo between each to allow ol reflection, though porhnps the prisoner was goaded on by his excesses and extravagances. TIlOSO thincs could nnt therefore ho raeardnrl in the same light ob if they woro committed on the samo day. The sentence of the court would be as for ono offence, making tbo terra sovon yoara' im prisonment during which time he was to bo kept at hard labour. Tho prisoner hid his face with one hand, and was immediately romoved from tho dock to gaol. A Judor on Intemperance. —His Honor Judge Skinner has been giving a short lecture on tern- poranoo at tho Qeelong Court. A youth, oighteon, was charged with an offenco, and the jury found him not guilty. His Honor (sayB the Advertiser J, addressing tho prisoner, said: You aro acquitted ; but beforo you leave the court I dosiro to impress upon you the desirability of in future abstaining from drink. Tho cvidonco shows plainly that yoar troubles originated from this cnusoq that you went to bed on tho evening of tho occurronoo drunk and Bta&gering.; Porceiving to what drink has brought you, if you aro wise, you will henceforth become a teetotaller, All the brandy and whiskey in tbo univorso would not compensate you or your paronts, if you havo any present, for one minute of tho pain you and they havo suffered this day. If this should bo tho moanB of in ducing you to lead a sober life, this trial will only provo a blossing to you. In my oxporienco, and I am npw gotting an old man, I havo seen many go to ruin through taking tho devil into their mouths, and I would enjoin you never again to allow your- solf to bo carried away by such vicious indul gences. The Danger op Borrowing Newspapers.— a Yankoo journal has tho following : -" Reader, if you havo borrowed tho newspaper you are reading, don t do it again. Subscribe. It is not sufo to borrow papors. We onoo know a poor but honost man who borrowed a papor— innooontly and in advertently borrowed a paper from a neighbour, ratal aot i That terrible contagion, the small-"ox, was conveyed insidiously in the fibres of the sheet! Uf that extensive and interesting family— a doting fntber, a fond wife, sevoral intelligent and heroic- BOllfl. flllf DAn Intrnlrf A .. _ I ......WWA avvui J uJiuguicro, vWQ popular mothors-in-law, and threo beautiful aunts— not ono romaios to toll tho talo! Roador, havo you borrowed tho paper you are roadingP" IIolloway s Pills and Ointment, — Rhouroatism and Gout.— These purifying and soothing remedies depervo the earnest attontion of all porsons liable to gout, sciatica, or other painful affections of tho muscles, norvos, or joints. The ointment should bo applied after tho affectod parts havo beon patiently fomontcd with warm water, whon tho unguent should he diligently rubbod upon tho adjacent skin, unlosa the friotion causes pain. Holloway's pills should bo simultaneously taken to diminish pain, reduee inflammation, and purify tho blood. This treatment abates tbe violence and lessens tho fre quency of gout, rhoumatisra, and all spasmodio diseases whioh spring from hereditary predisposi tion, or from any accidental weakness of constitu tion. The ointment chcckB tho local malady, while tho pills restore vital powor. 