GHOSTS AND OOBIINS. It would be easy to fill page after page with the details of the various ideas entertained about ghosts, goblins, and demons. Such ideas extend not ouly to the appearance of Bucb beings, their apparel, appurtenances, and so on. bnt to the noises which they make either of themselves or by means of various supernatural objects which they are supposed to carry about with them. Thus— The sheeted dead Did apeak and gibber id the Boman Btroete, A little ere tbe mightiest Julius fell. And it is to be noted that as ghosts commonly show no face, few have been known to speak with full voice. This may be because the noises hoard at tbe hours when ghosts are seen are not such as can be by any possibility mistaken for the human voice in its ordinary tones, while, nevertheless, an excited imagination can frame spoken words out of the strange sounds which can be heard in almost every house in the still ness of night This also serves to account for the notion that ghosts can clank chains, or make other dismal noises. Sounds heard at night are highly deceptive ; a small noise close by is taken for a loud noise at a distauce (.uot necessarily a very great distance ;) and a noise made by objects of one kind will be mis taken for noises made by objects of a different kind altogether. A friend of mine told me he had been disturbed two nights running by a sound as of an army tramping down a road which passed some 200 yards from his house, but he found the third night that the noise was produced by a clock in the next house, the clock having been newly placed against the party-walL We all know Carlyle's story of the ghostly voice heard each evening by a low-spirited man,— a voice as if of one, in like doleful dumps, pro claiming, ' once I was hap-hap-happy, but now I am meeserable,' — and how the ghost resolved itself into a rusty kitchen-jack. There is a case of a lady who began to think herself the victim of some delusion, and perhaps threatened by 'arproachiug illness, because each night, about a quarter of an hour after she had gone to bed, she heard a hideous din in the neighborhood of her house, or else, (she was uncer tain which) iu some distant room. The noise was in reality the slightest possible creak (within a few feet of her pillow, however), and produced by the door of a ward robe which she closed every night just before getting into bed. The door, about a quarter of an hour after being closed, recovered its position of rest, slightly beyond which it had been pushed inclosing. In another case, the crawling of a snail across a window produced sounds which were mistaken for the strains of loud but distant music. It is, perhaps, not going too far to say that our modern spirits, who deal in noise making as well as in furniture- tilting (of yet more marvellous feats we say nothing), are not acquainted with the menus by which the ear may be deceived as in the cases just considered. Some sounds said to be heard during dark seances suggest the suspicion. It will be seen that the opinion to which I incline — as the best and perhaps only natural inter pretation of events supposed to be super natural—is that real sights and sounds arc modified by the imagination, either excited or diseased, into seemingly supernatural occur rences. It does not seem to me likely that in any large proportion of recorded (aud presum ably veracious) ghost-stories there has been an actual phantom of the brain. Such phantoms are sometimes seen, no doubt, and unreal voices are sometimes heard ; but the condition of tbe brain which leads to such effects must be regarded as altogether exceptional Certainly it is not common. Ou tbe contrary, the play of fancy by which images arc formed from objects in no way connected with the picture raised in the mind is a common phenomenon. Although some minds possess the faculty more fully than others, few actually want it. Good Story of a Rf.d-Hot Nose.— On one of our mnigrapt ships plying between Liverpool and New York in the year 1647, was a man employed as mate — the unhappy possessor of a very red nose caused by too much rum. During tbe voyage here referred to a terrible storm arose, and the captain, after he had done all in his power to save the ship, called his men in tbe cabin for prayers. During tbis solemn ceremony a cabin boy was noticed by his com panions to burst out in a hearty laugh every few seconds. After prayers were over and the storm had abated, the captain called him up to reprimand him for his rude conduct The cap tain asked him why he had laughed wheu all the rest were so devoutly appealing to the Creator. The boy answered : ' I had to laugh when I thought what a fizz there would be when the mate's nose went down !' A Yankee editor says :— ' If the party whol plays the accordion in this vicinity at night will! only change his tune occasionally, or sit where! we can scald him when the engine has steam on, 1 he will hear something to his advantage.' I A New York paper proposes to send Mr. I Stanley to discover the North Pole, cut bis name I on it, and the date of discovery, and bring1 it back I witb the banner of the stars and stripes floating I from it. I 