MISCELLANEOUS. A correspondent of the " Brisbane Courier," writes:—" By the last mail I received the following account from India of how a husband thought to cure his wife's fear of snakes, and the horrible result. I send it down thinking perhaps you would like to publish it. The gent leraan was very fond of snake hunting, his wife had such an aversion to them that she could not bear even to look at a dead one. He thought this all non-' sence on his wife's part, and determined to cure her of her fear. One day when he had killed a large boa-constrictor he brought it home, laid it in the verandah and went in to dinner (he was not awaro that when a boa is killed its mate always follows wherever it is taken). After dinner, he told his wife he had something to show "her, and directly she went into the verandah he jumped back into the room and locked the door. She screamed dreadfully, but he thought she would soon get over it, and be cured of her fear. In a few minutes' time he opened the door, aud what was bis horror to find his wife quit dead, and crushed by the boa that had followed its mate without his knowing it. It had such an effect on the gentleman that he went mad, and is in an asylum at the present day." ••^ew positions in life can be imagined moiv. disagreeable than that of being imprisoaed in a haunted cell in a police station. The New Orleans 'Times' tells a most 'jnpJeasant story of a ghost- infested ce.I in the Fourth Precinct police station in tbafc, city. It appears that several years age " a little old woman" commited suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since no fewer than 13 person have attempted to destroy themselves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatalresults. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl jsa^ed Mary Taylor, who, on recovering consciousness declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress, "with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and down- trodden slippers with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth finger of her left hand was a plain thin gold ring. "The little old woman," said the girl, beckoned to me to get up, and impelled me by some mysterious power to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip around my neck, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor and fell. I thought I was choking, a thousand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgat all until I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and I was, I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the description given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. A terrible crime has just been committed at Belleneuve (Cote d' Or). The cure of the parish, a man nearly eighty, did not appear at his ordinary hour to perform morning mass, and a messenger was sent to his house to know the reason. The old man was found lying insensible and covered with blood. Medical aid was immediately procured, and he wat restored to consciousness, when he stated that on the previous evening an individual called at the house and said that he was born in the parish and required s certificate. Whilst the priest wassearching the register, the man drew from his coat a hatchet, and struck him several blows on the neck and back of the head, leaving him senseless. The assailant then carried off all he could lay his hands on and then fled. Nc trace of him has been found as yet. A man named Crawford, wbohns resided with his family for some time in and near Southampton, had been in India, and had a sunstroke there, which at times affected his brain. Some tirat since he was tried at Winchester foi attempting to kill his child, but owing to tbe favourable evidence of his wifehe was acquitted. His wife had applied to the magistrate for protection. Her husband, she said, carried' a pistol, and bad attempted to shoot her. A warrant was issued for his apprehension, and just as this was about to be executed, he put the pistol in his. mouth and blew out his brains. 