YACHT RACING ON CORIO BAY. . Our beautiful bay was on Saturday the scene of two highly interesting matches between the members of the Victorian Royal Yacht Club. The weather was pleasant, bat just a shade too fine for the success of the races. The arrangements had been made on the previous evening, and the events were looked forward to with evident pleasure by those interested in aquatic amusements. A boat moored a short distance from the shore, opposite the beach battery, formed the starting and winning point, and one of the guns be longing to our unfortunate disbanded artil lerymen was appropriately utilised in giving the requisite signal for the commencement and termination of this pacific contest. As the time for starting approached, a few spectators began to assemble on the wharveB, the cliffs, and other points, whence a good view of the bay could be obtained. The sun was perhaps a little too powerful for the fair sex, who did not muster nu merously, but there were plenty of sea faring men and hardy fishermen—thorough experts in sailing matters—who assembled in groups, viewing with eager and un affected interest the progress of events. The first race was for first-class yachts, and in this there were six entries, consisting of the following boats:— tons. Captain Coffey's Mischief ............... 13 Major Heath's Haidee ......................14 Hon. A. Macfeay's Mystery ............. 10 Mr J. B. Wilson's Duke of Edinburgh. 9 Mr J. M. M'Gregor's Naiad .............. 12 Mr C. Anderson's The Foam .......... 10 It was previously arranged that the time allowed in each case should be half a minute per ton. The boats having been got in readiness a start was made at two o'clock. There was a gentle wind from Ae S S.E, so gentle that it scarcely sufficed at first to fill the sails of the competing boats. Owing to an accident during the early portion of the day the Mischief had her topmast carried away, and consequently •be labourtd under no small disadvantage. The distance to be sailed was three times round the bay, or abont 22 'mile*. From tbe commencement it was evident that there was a marked disparity between the sailing' qualities of,the boats. The Mystery glided along towards the buoy at the wharf slightly in advance of the others, "followed by the Mischief and Foam, almost abreast, and the other boats closed behind. Passing the buoy, they tacked across towards Cowie's Creek, and as they skimmed gently one after the other, with their white sails ex panded above the dark glassy surface, few who witnessed it could repress their ad miration at the beautiful picture af forded. The Haidee was conspicuous by her tall topmost towering above the rest. Fora time she was prominent among the boats in the rear, but as she approached the buoy at Cowie's Creek she assumed the third place, Mystery continuing to lead, with the Foam second. From this time it became apparent that Mystery would inevitably be the winner, for she gradually went ahead of the others, constantly widen ing the gap between her and the second boat. Opposite the You Tangs a fresh «breeze sprang up, and a contest ensued for second place between the Foam, the Haidee, Queen, and Mischief. Tbe latter eventu ally got in advance of the others, and not withstanding her broken mast maintained her position next to the Mystery till the finish. The Haidee likewise at this time began to show her sailing qualities, for she gradually stole up from the rear, and at length took the third place, Foam follow ing close astern. As the race progressed, the position of the leading boats only be came more distinctly defined. The first sail round the bay was accomplished in little more than an hour. Mystery passed the starting place about threeminutes in advance of the second boat, and Mischief was nearly as much in advance of Major Heath's yacht, Foam, Naiad, and Queen, forming the rear. During the remainder of the race the respective position of the boats was not materially altered, except that in the third round the Queen got ahead of Naiad. Exactly at half-past five the firing-' of the big gun proclaimed the arrival of the Mystery at the winning point, and nine minutes afterwards the Mischief received: a similar salute. The Haidee was quite 20 minutes behind , the first boat, and . was closely followed by the others, which kept pretty well together. The position of the boats stood thus:—■ Mystery....... ...1 Mischief .........2 Haidee . ...... . 3 Foam............. 0 Queen .......... 0 Naiad ........... 0 The seeond class match, for'all yachts nnder seven tons, was an exceedingly tame affair, and except by the owners of-the yachts themselves, and those actively en - gaged in their management, little or. no interest was taken in it. Four ° boats started about a quarter of an hour after the first Tace commenced. These were—Mr Timms'Henrietta, 6 tons ; Mr W. Guth rie's Shebang, 4 tons ; Mr J. A. Panton's .Lilias, 5 tons ; and The Wonder. .' It was generally acknowledged by everyone who knew the boats that none of the others stood the slightest chance with'the Hen rietta, and the result' proved the correct ness of this opinion. In fact, the merits of the first boat were so distinct from that of~ the others that the affair could hardly be called a race.. The yachts had to sail twice round the bay, and this only two of them did. vix., Mr Timms' Henrietta and Mr Pan ton's Lilias. It was alleged that the Police Magistrate's favorite was not sufficiently ballasted, but, however that may be, it was quite evident that she bad not the ghost of a chance with Henrietta, who assumed the lead from the first, running away from the others, and performed the distance about half an hour before the Lilias. With re ference to the first and principal race, it is. to be regretted that a good deal j>f dissatis-. faction ehonld have arisen through the rules of the Yacht Club not having been rigidly adhered to. One of the rules provides that all owners shall sail their own boats in such matches, but the commodore of the club, Capt. Coffey, would appear to have been on shore while the Hon. R. S. Anderson was sent on board of the Mischief to act as a substitute, or, as he was designated by some of the other members of the club, a dummy. , The rules also provide that all yachts competing shall carry common canvas, bat, in contravention of this, the Mischief, Foam, and Mysteiy had their racing canvas. It will thns be seen that only the Haidee, Queen, and 'Naiad were sailed properly. * - 