SUNDAY READING-. Conversion. {From "Tho Conflict of Good and Evil," hy thc Rev. D. F. Maurice, M.A.) His (Paul s) testimony was this, about ottie and about himself,-that God converts frc darkness to light, from the dominion of Satan Mis dominion. We cannot, I suspect, bett this laugnage. It faithfully represents \vh had passed, and he knew had passed, with him. All his thoughts of God were of a chu being, of a being who was plotting destructu against his creatures generally, who meant on to spare J ews, and among Jews only such ; were faithful and resolute; in maintaining tl barriers chat separated them from other me and in putting down all traitors within tl camp. This clark being Saul worshipped. Ar there came to lum a revelation that this w; not the (Jod who had said to Abraham, " In tin and iu thy seed shall all the families of tl earth he blessed ;" not the God who had said, " I am He that brought thee out of the hou¡ of bondage. Thou shalt have none other got but Me." The God whom Saul worshipped ht chosen the seed of Abraham to bea curse to a the families of the earth. The God whom Sai worshipped had not delivered him out of boi dage at all. He was in bitter bondage. Tl very law which he was fighting for held him i bondage. It frowned at him, it cursed him. j said " Thou shalt not covet,' and it aroused i him all manner of concupiscence. And y< David and the prophets had delighted in th: law of God ; they had meditated on it day an night. Saul was certainly not owning the: God. And now the God of light burst upo this darkness. The deliverer was there. Tb E'ricud of all the families of the earth was thor He was at war with Saul ; for Saul hated a the families of the earth. Ile was at war wit Saul ; for Saul was gloryfying thc self whic was his prison house and curse, that from whic only the true God could set him free. Slow! perhaps-for centuries may be crowded int such moments us these,-the vision of aFathc of his spirit, a Father of the spirits of all llesl rose on him out of thc night in which he ha dwelt. The Lawgiver was not seeking to dos troy him for his breaches of the law j he va delivering him from that spirit of covetousncs which thc law denounced, but which it coul not overcome. Ho was giving him Iiis ow: spirit that he might fulfil the law. The man who was full of religious zeal an orthodoxy needed to be brought from the sei vice of a dark God-in plain terms of Sata thc adversary, the spirit of evil-to God. Dot not every one, be he ever so religious or so o^ thodox in our days, if he is worshipping a dar god, a god in whom he cannot believe, cannc trust-need conversion F And is not this th conversion which every profligate man need just as much as the most religious ? Thc sin which he has committed have darkened th face of God to him. He dreams of a God lifc himself, good- natured, tolerant of evil, so kin as to let us destroy ourselves and our neigh hours without any interference, a feeble inagis trate, a murderously indulgent purent. Thet suddenly the features of this amiable being ar< changed. Under the pressure of sickness, oi of some sudden calamity, he assumes the mosi ferocious aspect. The wrath of God, sucl wrath as this man feels against some ono wht has cheated him at play, or whom he has cheated, seems settled on him. lt' on such .1 man the light breaks ; if thc true countenance 01 God shines forth ; if a lovo which punishes the evil doer that he may be raised out of his evil doing extinguishes tho dream of a mercj which permits him to ruin his own soul aud body and all that are dear to him : if a burning diviuc wrath against that which malees us anti the world wretched drives out that devil's wrath which he had imputed to his Creator, to his Father,-is this a conversion of a different kind to the other r1 In root and principle aro thev not identical ? Once moro: If a niau is brought out of atheism, or out of any vague conceptio7i of some power which may he malevolent or ben evolent, or cither by turns-which at all events is little troubled about tho world, and scarcely at all about him, one of its atoms, to thc acknowledgment of such a God as St. Paul believed in, a God whose will isthat all should bo saved aud come to the knowledge of the truth, who works in the hearts of those who confess him that they may will whnt he wills and may bo his instruments in ell'ecting tho highest deliverance for his creatures ; wherein docs this conversion differ from either of thc others ? But there is .'mother lesson from Paul's con version. If wo follow his account of it, wo certainly never eau describe it as tho exchange of one religion for another. Ho did. notecase to bo a Jew when he heard the voice which said ?-" Why pei'Reeutest thou mc ?" He had never been truly ¡1. Jew till then. It was then ho bogan to sympathise with Piitriarohs and Prophets of his land; it was thou ho entered into their dilling ; it was then that he learnt to worship the God whom they worshipped. If. therefore, we take Saul's conversion as our guide to the scriptural or divine mean hi g of conversión, wo never can identify it with proselytism from one opinion to another. We may desire to convert a Roman Catholic from Salim to God ; just as we desire to couvert u Protestant from Satan to God ; but we must not desire to convert him from his opinions to our opinions. We may desire to convert a Jew from darkness to light, from Satan to God ; but we must not desire to convert him from his opinions to om- opinions. Saul was a proselytizer before his conversion. He be longed to the school which compassed sea and land to make a proselyte, and which made him twofold more a child of hell than themselves. Those are dreadful words. They were not spo ken by one who was passionate or ignorant ; they were spoken by one whose words do not pass away. Uf course neither Saul nor any Pharisee would have allowed the name of " Christians" to tho Nazarenes. "Was not every Jew looking for the Ourist, for the Son of David whom the Prophets had spoken of, for one who Avas to reign over the house of Israel, and before whom nations were to bow down ? Was not the great sin of the Nazarenes, m Saul's eyes, that they degraded this expectation, that they affirmed one to be thc Christ who had no right to the name, one whom the leaders of the nation had decided to be a blasphemer ; one whom they had deliberately given up to the Romans' for assuming to be a king? Saul did not deny a v.hrist at a'l; ho charged those whom he per secuted with denying the true Christ and set ting up a false Christ. tíaul could never hesitate about this question, Do we want a King ? Evidently that was the want which all the prophets had expressed. .Evidently the assurance which had cheered them was that they had a king, and that He would one day be manifested. So far, Saul going to Damascus with the High Priest's com mission, and Paul preaching at Athens, were of the same mind. But ivhat king would fulfil the wants which the prophets had expressed P What kin? did they own as the true one ? Of zt)/¿a¿Jkiug did; they desire the appearance ? Here is the critical demand. Saul saw a Caesar reigning over the world. That was, it seemed, the highest throne on which a man could sit. But it was at Rome. The king ought to be at Jerusalem. The Caosar treated the chosen people as a portion of one of his most insignifi cant provinces. Jehovah intended them to rule over the nations. The Christ, His Messiah, would come to give them that ascendancy. The nations would be broken m pieces before Him : thc house of David would reign under bim gloriously. How much, how very much, even of this vision was to be accomplished, St. Paul saw afterwards. The language of the old seers he found did not require to be emascula ted by the interpretations or the allegories of the Elders ; it was far truer m its literal form than they were.The apostles in Jerusalem had never for a moment altered their language. St. Peter had said at the day of Penteost " The Jesus whom you have cru cified is thc king, the heir of David's throne. He is exalted to reign over the house of Israel." Stephen did not conceal his belief that his countrymen had denied the Holy One and the Just and preferred a murderer to Him ; that they had resisted the Holy Ghost, as their fathers resisted him ; that they had received the Law by the disposition of angels, and had not kept it. That this Jesus, the friend of pub licans and sinners, whom they had condemned us guilty of blasphemy, was at the right hand of God, was the concluding provocation which they could not bear, which led Saul to be speciallyeagarfor his death. And now he accepts the proclamation of the apostles in the length and breadth of it; " We have crucified our King. Jesus is the Christ. He is at the right baud of God." How was such a revolution effected ? We have the ex planation from St. Paul himself. "It pleased God," he says, " to reveal His Son in me." I had thought of a King afar ofF, a King who should descend some day in splendour to take his throne in some ancient palace of tho city which should have been prepared for him. And \o\ the King is here, the Lord of my heart and reins, claiming my. trust, my submission. I have been fighting against Him ; He has been righting against me. There, in the innermost region of ray being, has this battle gone on. And against whom have I been fighting ? is it against an enemy or a friend, a judge or a deliverer! Or must he not be both ? Can he .ho my friend if He is not the enemy of this evil which he has found out in me ? Can he be my deliverer if He is not the judge between me aud that which is holding me captive ? I have been persecuting a certain set of poor heretics ; I have been hating them, and hating my kind. So doing, I have been persecuting Him; because he is the friend ot' theso heretics, thc Friend of my kind. " It pleased God to reveal His Son in me, that I might preach him amongst thc Gentiles, ' He could not preach Christ amongst the Gentiles till he was re vealed to lum. Then what else had he to do ? Tho Lord of his heart and reins must bethe Lord of every man's heart and reins : if Jesus was his Lord, he was the Lord of every Gen tile. Was not this the good news whick the Jews were called out of all nations to tell to the nations ? 