LAW AND CRIMINAL COURTS. ---- LOCAL COURTS. THIS DAY. ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, MARCH 19. [Before. Messrs. H. E. Downer, S. M., W. B. T. Andrews, and W. Harcus, J.P.'s.] FULL JURISDICTION (CIVIL). In the unsatisfied judgment case of Richardson v. Webb, defendant was fined 40s. tor non-attendance. ....A. M. CAMPBELL v. ANN RICHARDS.—£29 10s., unlawful conversion of goods. Mr. J. W. Downer for plaintiff; Mr. Boucaut for defendant, who pleaded that the goods were not plaintiff's. Cambell purchased some furniture from G. E. Martin under a sale-note and valuation, and took possession in the premises of Martin, but did not remain to hold them. A portion of the goods were, however, in Richards' bouse, the Clarendon Hotel, and Mrs. Richards refused to deliver them up, as she had an account against Martin, who was a lodger. Mr. Boucaut submitted that there was no evidence to support the case. He called Mrs. Richards, in defence, who said Mr. Martin (since deceased) brought the goods to her place She had ah account against him for lodging. After evidence it was found that the case was limited to £6 17s. 6d. Mr. Boucaut submitted that the bill of sale was a fraudulent transfer within the meaning of the Statute of Elizabeth. There was a sale without possession. Campbell by taking possession, could have prevented Martin from disposing of the goods. Mr. Downer contended that the sale was bona fide. Verdict for £6 17s. 6d., to be reduced to 1s. on return of the goods, which defendant promised to deliver over. ....B. Btxp k B. T. MOOBE V. J. J. HARTLAND.I —£289s.6d.,'goods. Mr. Mathewsforplaintiffs: Mr, J. W, Downer for'defendant, who pleaded a set-off, and admitted £3 3s, 10d., the remainder, of the claim. Verdict tor £8 3a. lOd., iuoluding, amount admitted. \Lefl fitting.] POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY. . ADELAIDE: WEDNESDAY, MARCH 19. rBefore Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., C. W. Daries, J.P, and W. C. Buik, J P. day ton Somerion, shoemaker, oharged, on the information of Bridget, wife of John Kennedy, with wilfully damaging her door to the extent of £1, was dismissed, the Police Magistrate telling tlie informant that she could bring an aotion aeainst defendant in a Civil Court, J ohi O'Brien, drayman, for being drunk and incapable of taking care of his horses and dray, was fined 10s. JotephWhite, confectioner,wasoharged,on the information of George Bignell, fish-hawker, with stealing a horso, his property, on March 17. Mr. Bonnin, by permission, for prisoner. Iniformant,, who was. blind, said he bar. gained for a mare from Oliver Clark on March 17; gave him his horse and 7s. 6d. for it. Put it in his stable that evening about 9 p.m. An hour afterwards missed it. The son of informant gave evidence of having seen prisoner coming out of the stable about 10 p.m. He fetched in the horse whioh his father had sold, and took the bay mare (which was outside) away. By Mr. Bonnin—White said he had bought it from a man who. was hard up. Some omet. evidence having been given, Mr. Bonnin called Arthur Johns, horse-dealer, who said he sold tbe'mare whioh he. had seen outside, and valued at half-a-orown, to White on March 17\. White left it to be paddocked with Mr. Crane. Robert Crane deposed that' Clark' took the mare out of his paddock without permission. Inspeotor Bee asked for a remand umtil he,could find Mr. Clark. Mr. Bonnin had no objection. The Police Magistrate adjourned, the case line die. ; . Informations laid by Jas. Shakes,' Inspector under the Width of Tires Act: — William Giddingi, builder, and Thtmat Green, farmer, for not having their names, &c.;, painted on their drays, were eaoh fined 10s. and costs- IBs. in all; and William Ptarton, for carrying 'excessive weight, '8s. and costs—together, 18s.' LIBEL. Eleneter Ward, of Kapunda, journalist, was charged, on the information of Rowland Rees, of Adelaide, architect, that he did on March 1st .unlawfully, wickedly, and maliciously write and: publish, and cause and procure to be written and published of and eonceming the plaintiff a false, scandalous, malicious, and defamatory libel. The libel, which was then set out, was exactly the same as that contained in the information heard on the previous Monday, ' Mr. Word said he wished to call attention to the fact that one of the Justices now sitting upon the Bench bad expressed publicly and in his hearing an opinion that he ought <to have been committed on Monday last. Be would ask if under suoh circumstances it was right and proper that Mr. Buik should sit on the Bench. Mr. Buik rose and left the Bench. Mr. F. O. Bruce said he appeared with Mr. Boucaut in this case, but as the whole facts had been stated on Monday last when the Bench was similarly constituted he should not make any remarks upon the evidence, but would prooeed to prove his case. Thomas Wilson Fleming and Samuel Frearson were again called, and produced copies of the Guardian containing the alleged libel. Samuel Frearson, further examined, said he had read the alleged libel contained in the Guardian of the 1st March. He knew Rowland Bees referred to. Mr. Rees was the informant in the present case. Cross-examined by Mr. Ward—Had known Mr. Rees sinoe his arrival in the colony as a respectable,. honest person, and so far as hiB experience went, would caU the article referred to untrue. If he heard witnesses' «tvear that Mr. Rees was guilty of gupblmg and drinking, would not believe the charges without ocular demonstration. Mr. Ward—Have you ever seen me print the Ovarium V Witness—No. Mr. Ward—But you hare stated on oath that I am the printer of the Guardian.. Now how can you do that consistently with the statement you have just made? (Laughter.} Witness, after a pause — I don't know. (Laughter.) Mr, Ward, before Mr. Rowland Rees was cilled,' wished to ask that his examination should be literally transcribed and every word taken 1 down. The Police Magistrate—You are not entitled tothst. Mr. Ward—I am entitled to have what he says taken down in full. The Police Magistrate—Then it would appear as |question and answer; but all that appears upon the depositions is in a narrative form. Mr. Ward—I wish it taken down in full. The Police Magistrate—It shall be taken down as fully as possible in th* form in which depositions are taken, but it will then be in the form of a narrative. Mr. Ward—My object is that I intend to commence proceedings for perj ivy, against the informant if he states what is not true. The Police Magistrate—You should not commence by making such a threat. Mr. Word—I do not wish to make a threat, but it is usual to state the object when an application is made to have words taken down. The Police Magistrate—Have you, Mr. Bruoe, any objection that the evidence should be taken down word for word in the form of question and answer. Mr. Bruce—I have no objection at all if such a course is tiecesBorv, but I think it would take a large amount of trouble and labour, and I think that there is qpt the slightest ground to apprehend that it will be necessary. It looked very like malice. Mr. Ward—There is no malice, but it has been stated in town that Mr. Rees is coming here to deny certain statements that I know to be facts. That is my reason for having the evidence fully taken down. The Police Magistrate—It will be taken down as fully as possible. I can see nothing in the Act to show in what way it is to be taken. Mr.- bruce—It is pointed out in a form of depositions at the end of the Act, The Police Magistrate (after consulting the Act)—As far as possible, the language shall be piven in full, but to take down .question and answer would occupy too much time. Rowland Rees, the informant, then said—I know the defendant in this oase, I have read an article referring to Mr. Ree* and the Burra election in the Guardian March I. I am a candidate for the Burra election. The article is beaded, "The Elcctiou for the Burra." I understand the Mr. Rees referred to to mean me. 1 am the onlj Ro» land Kees in the colony. 1 he Police Magistrate— 6o far as you know. Mr. Rees—I am sure of that. I am the ouly Rowland Rees candidate for the Burra. Mr. Bruce—It says in this article, " It is one of the duties which, as a journalist, we owe to the public to expose shams, which are sought to be imposed upon public credulity. We say that Mr. Rees is such a sham. He comes before the electors with professions «f piety and temperance." Now, are you a sham ? (A laugh.) WitneBs—I am not a sham. I come before the eleotors on temperance principles and practice. I understand the inuendoes in the article. I am upt, in the habit of' drinking,, gambling, or blaspheming. With' reference to the implied charge of immorality, I moot positively swear that I. have never had either connection with or knowledge of any -woman of illfame, and I don't knew, one when I see one. (Sensation.) Referring again to the article, I may sav I am not a blatant hypocrite, and I never blaspheme. I . have, known Mr. Ward personally for about two years- . Mr. Bruce—Is he a friend of your ? _ Witness—Certainly-nob , Mr. Bhice—Did you ever number him among yourfriende? Witness—Certainly not; I have never had any conversation with Mr. Ward about my candidation. There was some talking at him' one night at the Globe. Mr. Ward made some eneral statements referring to the three candi-' § ates. There were Beveralgenttemen sitting there when Mr. Ward walked in humming, and one gentleman] said—"Well, Ward, how about the Burra election?" Mr. Ward replied—'' Do you think I take any interest in the crew that's" up there. What IB the country coming to!" The gentleman said—" Ward, there is a striking resemblance between you aud Rees iu the cartoon of the Porlonian. I think they must have had the upper portion of your face instead of his when they did it." "So I have been told," said Ward, "and I don't feel at all complimented." Upon which I said, feeling myself personally' insulted, " I am -quite willing to poll this room and the country as to who is the more respectable person, Mr. Rowland Rees or Mr. Ebeuczer Ward," Mr. Bruce—Mr. Ward did not care to go to the country on that question, I suppose. Witness—He did not. I look upon Mr. Ward as a low political bug, who stiiks where he daren't stipg. " Gentlemen." said the gentleman who first spoke, "I thought you were friends, but Ward threw the first stone; but you will be able to fight it out on the floor of the House." Mr. Ward immediately retorted—"He is not there yet, and I'll bet a new hat he does not get there. After a little pleasant chaff about the value of hats, Mr. Ward went away. I have not spoken to Mr. Ward since. I never spoke to him about the election before this. I had been told that he said, but did not hear him say anything personally. I have read thiB article. I cook the temperenee pledge 10th' June, 1872. I have observed it since. I consider the article m09t decidedly calculated to do me an injury. Cross-examined by Mr. Ward—1 understand the nature of .an oath. I am quite sure I am the only Rowland Rees in the colony. Mr. Ward—How is it possible you can be sure ot that? Witness—By reference to the census list I think it is almost impossible there can be. . Mr. Ward—Do you know the extraction of every man, woman, and child in the colony. Mr. Boucaut—A woman would not be Rowland Rees. (Laughter.) Witness—I do not profess to know. Mr. Ward—You said you took the pledge last June. If I prove that you have bees drunk sinoe then will you say you are not a sham ? Mr. Boucaut Baia that was a matter of opinion, aiid Mr. Ward had only to elicit evidence. ; fitness, replying to Mr.-Word—Then I shall consider you are much cleverer than I took you to be. Mr. Ward repeated his question. . Witpess—I wish to state 'most distinctly on my oath that I have never had any intoxicating liquor since I have been a member of the Temperance League. I swear it mo t positively. Mr. Ward—You have sworn it already; but if I prove that you have had intoxicating drink since you took the pledge, will you not then admit that you are a sham ? Witness—Then I shall believe that I am not the only Rowland Rees in the oolouy. (Great Mr. Ward—You now admit a doubt about what you swore positively. Witness— I have suggested there might be a ghost certainly. But I have not the slightest doubt about the matter. Mr. Ward—A re you positive? Witness—If you want to badger distinctions, I'll allow you to go on as far as you like ; but it is hardly necessary, I have already said I am positive. Mr. Ward—Are you as positive on the point as you were a minute ago ? Witness—I said I had no doubt; and I have none now. My doubt was to be subject to your what you suggested. Iard—Will you now repeat these words of your evidence " I am not in the habit of betting, drinking, or gambling!" Witness—YeB; I wul. Mr. Ward—Do you know the Criterion Hotel? Witness—Your Worship, I think that this enquiry, according to the article in the newspaper, points particularly to my temperance punciples. Upon those grounds I am ready to go into every single item of my life since I was bom, if you wish it—(laughter)—but there Bbould be some limit. I do not think that this question is necessary, as I am only called upon to prove that I do not do certain things now. ' Mr. Ward—The question is a very proper one. I. can give no evidence myself, but wish in the cross-ex n .mination of the witness te bring out the facts. If His Worship does not allow me to go on I don't eee how I can do so. . The Police Magistrate—I do not think I can put' such a limit upon ycu as Mr. Rees asks for. ' Mr. Ward—Have you ever been in the Criterion Hotel under the influence of liquor? Witness continued —I have been in the Criterion Hotel twice under the influenoe of liquor. I have been there twice. I might have bfeen slightly under the influence of liquor at the Pier Hotel, but I should like you to give the dates. Mr. Ward—Unfortunately I am prohibited from doing so. Witness continued—I do not remember ever having been in .the Buck's Head.. Mr. Ward —In what other publio-housos besides the two you have mentioned have you been under the influence of liquor? Witness—I think I may say at the Crown and Sceptre on one occasion, once, at the York, and once at the Globe. My great anxiety, jour Worship, is to give Mr. Ward the benefit of any possible chance, and therefore I mention coses where I was only slightly gone. (A laugh.) I never was drunk in the colony. Mr. Ward—I would not have introduced it, but I must ask you what you mean by very drunk. Mr. Rees—I mean when he is incompetent to take care of himself and making a fool of. himself in company. (A laugh.) Got one of the cases Mr. Ward has brought under the notipe of the Court happened during my connection with the Temperance League. I have never been in that degree of intoxication which has attracted public notice. I am not in the habit of gambling. Mr. Ward—Do you recollect this cheque. Witness—Perfectly. (The cheque was on the National Bank, Kapunda, for £2 12s., and was signed by Eb. Ward. I don't recollect who I sold it to. I sold it because I thought it would not be paid, and told you so. Your cheques were so often dishonoured. I was aware judgment summonses were banging over his head, and I sold it in Mr. Ward's presence. I received, I think, a pound for it. If they had offered me less I think I should have taken it. (Laughter.) We were' having a game at hazard. You and I after Mr. Mann had left. Mr. Ward objected to names being brought forward of persons who were not present. Witness—I mentioned it to show I was in respectable company—M.P.'s and such persons. You were there, and drunk, too, at the time. (Laughter.) 1 don't consider'chicken hazard gambling. I consider so long as you don't go beyond your means you are not gambling. I may state that occasionally living at a distance fr> m town I am compe led to stay at the Globe f«r the liiglit, and i h«ve in a few ev niugs played there in a socinl way. 8ince I have been Hi the colimy 1 have played only seven time* in fuur years. I have never playeJ fur any targe sums. The stnkeH in this case were vary small. 1 ihink the highest we staked was from Gil. to half a crown. That is withiu my means, and therefore I Won't consider it gambling. I can't recollect who was present when you gave me the obeque. The Mom was full. There was a betting man from Melbourne there, but I was not aware of it till afterwards. I sold the cheque to him. Mr. Trow next morning told me who the man was. I oertainly should not have played with him had 1 known it. You are a professed gambler, and can take care of yourself drunk or sober. Mr. Ward asked to have these words taken Witness oontiuued—If I have played as I have stated/still I Bay I am not a gambler. I was playing on the "night the cheque was given for five or six hours. I did net go to bed at all, and did not intend to hs.the house was full. • I U.ink we censed playing at half-pastS. Between that and the time I went out I took 40 winks. I was playing hazard about three and a half .or four hours. 1. don't think I understand it now. (A laugh.) Could nbt state the average number of muins thrown in an hour,' Should think nothing like 20. Did not lay 5s. te'half-a- crown on each main. Might sometimes when I lost have taken threepence to sixpence, or sixpence to a shilling. I have played at some of these games in a public room with my articled clerk. Three times I think I can swear is the limit, but I am not his guardian after he leavfes the office. He has beta at theGlobeand playing."whetherI hnve heen there or o»t. I played chicken b&gaid; with him. I have'gambled once at the Hamburg Hotel., We played YankeeGrab first, and afterwards chicken-hazard. This was on Ootober23, 1870\. The stakes at Yankee Grab.commenced at about a shilling and finished nither high. I think at £1. I had never played before in my life and did libt understand it, and was playing at Yankee grab about three hours. Do not consider that gambling to my idea. I lust £8. . I paid it by cheque, and it twas honoured. I disputed the payment in the first instance. I said I thought I was cheated. A gentleman resented it, and made a furious attack at my nose. (Laughter.) Mr. Trew interfered, and the matter was amicably settled. On the following morning I asked for no explanation pf what occurred the previous evening. The arbitrators gave their award, and I at once settled.- I cannot fix the dates of the time when I played with my articled apprentice, but it was about 10 months ago. I played at the Buck's Head. It was before last May. 1 played cribbage with a gentleman living in private apartments. It was in an upstairs room. The game commenced for half a crown", then we went oh to 10*., and after that to j£l per game. I won £2. I do not consider that gambling for a man in my position. I was not under the influence of liquor. We had only two bottles of porter. Mr. Ward—Now, what do you say to your statement as to betting and gambling. Witness—I adhere to what I have already stated. Mr. Ward, referring to witness's statement about his knowledgeof women of ill-fame, asked him to point out in the inrnrmation or the article of the let March any reference to immortality. . Witness—I heard last night that you were going to attempt to prove it, and I thought I would anticipate you. I think the words mask of piety would include immortality. Then, as to Mr. Ward's knowledge of Mr. Rpea, it is limited to two occasions, that, referred to in connection with the Cheque, hnd once at the Hamburg Hotel. When you made an appointment with' the bar-' 1 maid of the Hamburg Hotel to take her outin a cab after dark. She refused to go With you because you were a married man, and.wheu you , came in the evening a lot of gentlenien ^ho had assembled laughed at you m derision., The matter was the talk pf the dinner table next day'; at the Hamburg Hotel, whbre I dined. I knew" that you were a married man because something was said -about was said about a friend yours going to amuBe Mrs. Ward in the evening while you took the barpiaidout.' . Mr. Ward—Do .you say you never spoke to me excepting on these' two occasions? Did you not meet me-oti any former oocasion? ' Witness—I ao not recollect meeting you; but if you recall Bome incident perhaps I may. Mr. Ward—Did you not speak to me on one occasion about vonr relatives? Witness—I recollect your claiming to be a relative of mine, and I repudiated it. Mr. Ward—I think I can prove, from your own words, that you claimed to be a relation of mine, and I did not seem to see it. What you say ban nothing to do with the case, and it is absolutely false, i Mr. Boucaut took objection to the statement made by Mr. Ward, and thought it must be withdrawn. 1 The Police Magistrate — Mr. Ward should withdraw the statement, and he could swear an information against the witness if he liked.' The Witness—As Mr. Ward makes this statement regarding, ferjury I would like to swear it. The Police Magistrate—You are already on your oath: Mr. Ward—I am afraid that he thinks not (Laughter.) Mr. Ward—I shall not take up the time of the tittio of the Court in going on with this point, but. phnll lay an information for perjury agaidst the witness. Witness—I think this portion of the article about Mr. Rees talking morality by the yard, &c.;, calls in question my morality. I am not an immoral man, but a moral one. I object to the the whole of the article; but that is all which imputes immorality in my opinion. When I said you were a political bug, &c; , at the Globe, Mr. -Parkin and you heard it. I am perfectly certain it was before March 1. Mr. Mann met me, and said, " How you have been walking into Ward. It has hurt his feelings frightfully. The conversation took place before the artiole appeared in the Guardian. Mr. Ward—I think that it might. . The Police Magistrate—Not as te piety- and blasphemy. Mr. Ward—Mr. Reos has not challenged eitber. If he does, perhaps he will read the part referring to it. "Witnees read part of the article ending " we care nothing aU what a publio man may do except in his public carpacity. If he drinks, bets, gambles, and blaspheme," that means me. Mr. Ward—Are you the ouly publio man in colony. Does it necessary mean you. Witness—I honestly believe that it means me, and was intended to mean me, I object to the whole of the.article. Mr. Ward—It states "he professes to be a martyr to Bank tyranny," and represents himself as ene whom it is intended to crush. Have you represented yourself as a mirtyr to Bank tyranny. Witness—No. I accused the Manager of using his influence for the.benefit of his friend, Mr. lindsay. Mr. Ward—It states, "if we were genuine in this we should not complain." You do not complain of this. Witness—No; it is fair criticism from your point of view, but that is not in ' the information. Mr. Ward read—" Mr. Rees inducee those who heard bim at Aberdeen that the Manager of the Bank of Adelaide determined to crush him by demanding payment of his overdraft, because he was a candidate for the Burra." Did you wish to make them believe that ? Witness—No, not because I was a candidate for the Burra, but because I was contesting it with bis friend Mr. LindBay. Mr. Ward wished to question witnnss as to the letter with Mr. Souttar, but Mr. Boucaut objected, and the Police Magistrate upheld the objection, saying there was nothing on tha subject in the information. Witness—It is within my knowledge that you have expressed a hostile opinion towards all the candidates for the Barra. I know you told abominable lies about me. You opposed Mr. Bean till you published his address, and after t.bat you thought he was the man for the Bnrra. Re-examined by Mr. Bouoaut—Every occasion on which I was under the influenoe of drink it was before T joined the Temperance League. There were five or six times altogether. Once at the Yorka gentleman gaveadinner in my honon r ami some of the most respectable persons in the colony were present. A parson was there, wl o rang a song which he would not sing in the pulpit. Be was a kind of lay parson. 1 hat was the occasion when I was " tightest" of all. That was when some body, a very hij-'hly respectable gentleman sat on a doorstep, but it was not me. I only played for money about seven times since I came* into the colony. I do not know that there is another Fbernizer Ward in the colony. One is enough. (Laughter.) To the Bench—Yankee grab is a game of chance I think. I do not know who supplied the dice with which I played. I am a member of a Church, but I do not profess to be pious. I claim to' be a temperate man, but not a pious man. The Police Magistrate—You are temperate but not pious. (Laughter.) By Mr. Ward—There may be professing members of Churches who are not pious. Thore may also be a professing politician. You are an example of that class yourself, lftalkoould do wonders you would be a ponder. (Laughter.) Mr. Ward—A^e there'politicians who are not ineonietit! \- Mr. Bqucaut—He says there is an instance in 'yourself. Witness—If your remark refers : to me I cannot gninpr it, because I have not yet been tried, but I thiuk they'll £rv me though. Mr. Ward—I am unfortunately being tried now, ' , This was the oase for the prosecution.' PORT ADELAIDE : MONDAY, MABCH 17. [Before Messrs. J. Formliy, J.P., and J. Bickers, J.P.I John ffentieott, seaman, for using obsctne language, On the North-parade, was fined £2, er one month's imprisonment. . . Waller Taylor and Thomat A Uison, 'sOamen of the Meridian," pleaded guilty to disobeying orders, and were committed for a month's hard labour. bix seamen of the Egbert appeared on remand for refusing tiuty. Mr. Dempster appeared for informant; Mr. Edtmtade for defendants. It was agreed that the decision of the Magistrates should be postponed till the cases brought by the Beamen were heard. Samuel Palmer, master of the Egbert, was charged by CharleB Gamilett, the second mate, with, on February €, striking him with his fist. Two witnesses stated that they saw the defendant Btrike plaintiff, but could not remember the day of the month that it occurred. Thomas Todd, chief officer, Btated that there was no disturbances on board upon the day named. Dismissed. Samuel Palmer pleaded not guilty to refusing C. E. Gamilett permission to leave the vessel, on March 8, to eee a Magistrate. Fined 5s. Two other informations by seamen on a similar charge were withdrawn by Mr. Edmunds. In tho cose against the six seamen for refusing duty, Mr. Edmunds objected that the men were not' liable to work, as the articles did not extend to Australia. He cited the articles in support of thie. M r. Dempster argued that the articles were correctly worded, and the men were bound by them. Mr. Edmunds argued further that the men objected te the provisions supplied, and cited a case decided by Lord Stowell, that if men were badly supplied with provisions it was a ground for desertion. The Court asked if the defendants would return to their duty. They rofused, and were committed for three months hard labour. Thomas Todd, chief mate, was charged with assaulting C. E. Gamilet, on the 15th aud,16th of February, on board the Egbert. There was a cross-information, and both charges were dismissed. The chief mate of the Egbert was also oharged with assaulting James Franois and Andrew Stewart, seamen, on January 23. Fined 6s. and costs in each case. PORT ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, MARCH 18. (Before Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M.] John Brmighion, seaman" of the Duke of Edinburgh, pleaded guilty to refusing duty, and was committed for 12 weeks' hard labour. Wm. Mclrdyre and Thomat Sanverf, seamen of the Moneta, on a. charge uf disobedieuce, were committed for four weefcB' hard labour. G'eorae Nellie, seaman, of the White Eagle, for desertion, was fined £5, or 12 weeks' imprisonment with hard labour. 