TALES. A STRING OF GHOST STORIES. y Jasles Grant, Autiioii ov the Romance o War, £x\ A belief in the ghost of vulgar superstition is as much rxiJoiled in England now as are tho opinions advanced by King .Tamos in his " Demonolcgie." Yet the learned Bacon admitted f list such things might he. Luther, Pascal, Guy P.-.iin, Milton, Dr. Johnson, and evon South'-;,-, believed in the existence of such mediums with the unseen world. "My serious belief r.mounts to this," wrote the latter, "that preternatural impressions are sometimes eonimunicatod to us for wise pur poses; and that departed spirits are some times permitted to manifest themselves." And had Pope not entertained some similar idea, he had. not written : "'Tis true, f. : cjrtiin, nun though doad, retain. Part ol him- .;!t; the Immortal mind remain,: Tho form .1st, without the body", aid. Aerial BO!nId..ersand ail empty ,h»"!e." Upon the truth or falsehood, tho theories or rather hypotheses, of such alleged appear ances, wo in- no not to dwell; but merely to relate a few little anecdotes connected with them, and drown — save in Lord Brougham's instance — from sources remote and scarce. In the me. loirs of the celebrated Agrippa d'Aubigno, grandfather of Madame do Main- tenon, tho wifo of Louis XIV., a man famous for his zial in Calvinism and disbe lief in the spiritual world, and one who3c in tegrity was d rimod alikoyigiil and indexible, we read tho following of a spectre like that of a nursery tale : — " I was, In wrote, "in my lied, and en tirely awake, when 1 heard some ono onter my apartmout ; and poroeired at my bedside a woman, remarkably pale, whose clothes rustled against my curtains as she passed. "Withdrawing tho latter, sho stoopod towards me, and giving mo a kiss that was cold as ice, vanished in a moment !" D'Aubigui started from bed, and was almost immediately after informed of the sudden death of his mother, to whom lie was tenderly attached. In a letter of Philip, second Earl of Chcj- torlield, wo iiud a curious story of a double apparition occurring at tho same moment, and which, though it somewhat illustrates Enemoser's theory of polarity, is beyond tho palo of modern philosophy. In the gray daylight of an early morning in 1G52, tho earl saw a figure in whito, " like a standing sheet," appear witlun a yard of his bedside. Ho attempted to grasp it ; but, eluding him, the figuro slid towards tho foot mf Aha .,,,1 malf.ari iww. TTa folt. » strange anxiety ; but his thoughts imme diately turned to the countess (Lady Anno Percy), who was then at Nctworfcli with her father, the Earl of Northumberland, and thither ho immediately repaired. On his arrival a footman mot him on the staircase, with a packet directod to him from his lady, whom he found with her sister, tho Countoss of Essex, and a Mrs. Ramsay. Ho was asked why ho had como so suddenly. Ho told his motive, his alarm and anxiety ; and on perusing tho lottor in the sealed packet, he found that the countes3 had -written to him requesting his return; "as oho had seen a thing in white, with a black face, by her bedside." These apparitions were identically the same in appearance, and were seen by tho carl and countess at the same, moment, though they ware in two places, forty miles apart. No catastrophe followed. Tho earl, howevor, survived his lady, and lived till tho year 1713. lu the St. Jama's Chronicle for 1762 we find a strange story of an apparition being the moans of revealing a murder, and bring ing tho guilty parties to the fatal tree at Tyburn. Tho narrati ve wa3 said to have been found among tho legal papers of a counsellor of tho Middle Temple, then re cently deceased. "In tho year 1GGS ayoung gentleman of the Wo3t Country, named Stobbine. came to London, and soon after, as ill luck would have it, he wedded a wife of Wapping, the youngest daughter of a Mrs. Aleeald ; and in the space of fifteen months the providence of God sent them a daughter, which (sic) was left under tho care of the grandmother, the husband and his wife rotiring to their house in tho country. " In 1G7G, when tho daughter was six years old, Mrs. Alcoulil died, and the child was sent home, and remained there till 1679, when a Mrs. Myltstre, her maternal aunt, "having greatly increased her means, for sook tho canaille and low habitations of Wapping, came into a polite part of the town, took a house among people of quality, and sot up for a woman of fashion," and thither did she invite tho Stohbines and their daughter to spend tho winter with her. Among her visitors wore liar husband's brother, who had tho titlo or rank of captain, and who seems to have been a bully and a gamester — a "blood," in a ilowing wig and laced coat — and tliore was another relation, who practised as an apothecary. All these five persons dined togethor on the birthday of the little girl Stobbinu, when a terrible catastrophe onsucd. In a spirit of play, it was presumed, she took up a sword that was in tho room, and pointing it at Mr. Stobbine, cried "Stick him, stick him !" " What !" said he, " would you stab your father?" " Yon are not my father, but Captain Myltstre is." Her father, upon this, boxed ber cars, and wa3 instantly run through the body by the captain. "Down ho dropped," wo are told, and then liis wifo, her sister, the captain, and the apothecary, all trampled upon him till he was quite dead, and interring him sccrotly, gavo out that ho had returned to the West Country. Time passed on, and though inquiries wore made, and messen gers sent after tho missing 'Stobbine, ho was heard of no more for a time. His daughter was sent to a distant school, and her mother, "who prctonded to go distracted, was sent to a village a fow miles out of town, where tho captain had a pretty little box for his convenience. " A memory of the terrible scene she had witnessed haunted the daughter, she had nightly horrible dreams and frights, to the terror of a young lady who slept with her ; and she always alleged that a spectre haunted her,, a speolro visible to her only, and on these occasions sho would exclaim, with every manifestation of huiror, "There is a spirit in tho room! It is Mr. Stobhiue's spirit. 0, how terrible it looks ! " These appearances and her paroxysms led to an inquiry before a justice of tlio peace ; and without any warning given, the whole of tho guilty parties were apprehended anil committed to tho Gate-house, tried at the Old Bailey, "and condemned, to the entire satisfaction of tho county, the court, and all present." After this, Stnhbiue's troubled spirit ap peared no more. Mrs. Myltstre was hanged, and her body was thrown into tho gully- hole near her old house in Wapping ; Mrs. Stobbine was strangled and burned. The captain and the apothecary were hanged at Tyburn, and the latter was anatomised ; and so ended tliis tragedy. Another remarkable detection of murder, through tho alloged appearance of a ghost, occurred in 1724. A farmer, returning homeward from Southern market in Warwickshire, disap peared by the wa> Next day a man pre sented himself at the farmhouse, and asked of the wife if her husband had come back. "No, "she replied,. "and I am under the utmost anxiety and terror." " Your terror," said he, "cannot surpass mine ; for last night as' I lay in bed, quite awake, tho apparition of your poor husband appeared to me. Ho showed me several ghastly stabs in his body, which is now lying in a marl-pit." The pit was searched, the corpse was fonnd, and the stabs, in number aud posi tion, answered in every way to the descrip tion given by tho ghost-seer, to whom the spectre had named a certain man as the eul- prit ; and this person was committed to pri son and brought to trial at Warwick for the crime, before a jury and the Lord Chief- Jus tice Sir Robert (afterwards Lord) Raymond, who was succeeded in 1733 by Sir Philip Yorke. The jury would speedily have brought in a verdict of guilty ; but he checked them by saying : "Gentlemen, you lay more stress on the allegations of this apparition than tboy will hear. I cannot give credit to these kind of stories. We a'-c now in a court of law, and must determine according to it ; and I know not of any law which will admit of the testimony of an apparition ; nor yet if it did, dotli tho ghost appear to give evidence. Crier," he added, " call the ghost. The former's spirit boing thrico snm- tnoncd in vain, Sir Robert again addressed the jury on the hitherto unblemished cha racter of the man accused, and stoutly asserted a belief in his perfect innocence ; adding, "I do strongly suspect that the gentleman who saw tho apparition was him- self tho mnrderer, and knew all about the stabs and tho marl-pit without any super natural assistance ; hence I dcci myself justified in committing him to closo custody till further inquiries are made." The result of theso was, that on searching liis house sufficient proofs of hia guilt were found ; he confessed his crime, anil was exe cuted at the next assizo. In the list of tho officers of the 33rd regiment, when serving under Lord Corn- waUis in Amerioa, nnd then called the 1st IVest York, will bo found tho names of Captain (afterwards Sir John Coapo) Sher- brooke and Lieutenant George Wynward. Tho formor had recently joined tho 33rd from tho 4tli, or King's Own Regiment. These young men. boing similar in tastes and very attached friends, spent much of their time in each other's society, aud when off duty were seldom apart. One ovening Shcrbrooke was in AYynward's quarters. Tiie room in which they wero seated had two doors, «ne that led into tho common passage of tho officers' barrack, tho other into Wynward's bedroom, from which there was no other mode of egress. Both officers wero engaged in study, till Sherbrookc, on raising his oyos from a book, suddenly saw a young man about twenty years of age open tho entrance door, and ad vance into tho room. Tho lad looked palo, ghastly, and thin, as if in the last stage of a mortal malady. Startled aud alarmed, Captain Sherbrookc called Wynward'a atten tion to their noiseless visitor ; and tho moment the lieutenant saw him ho became ashy white and ineapablo of speech, and, ore ho could recover, tho figure passed them both nnl entered the bedroom. "Good God— my poor brother!" ex claimed Wynward. " Your brother !" repeated Sherbrooko in groat perplexity. "There must be some mistake in all this. Follow me," They entered tho little bedroom — it was tcnantlcss ; and Sherbrooke's agitation was certainly not soothed by Wynward express ing his conviction that from tho first ho be lieved they had seen a spectre ; and thoy mutually took a noto of tne day and hour at which tins inexplicable affair occurred. WvhwatiI . times tried to uersuado himself that tiioy might havo been duped by tho practical jokj of some brother officer ; yet his mind was evidently so harassed by it that when ho related what had occurred, all had the good taste to withhold comments, and to await with intorost the then slow arrival of tho English mails. When tho latter camo, thoro wero missives for overy officer in the regiment except Wynward, whose hopes bogan to rise ; but there was one solitary lottor for Sherbrooke, which ho had no sooner road than ho changed color and left tho mes3 table. Ere long ho re turned and said, " Wynward's younger brother is actually no more !" Tho whole contents of liis noto were as follows : — " Dear John, break ta your friend Wynward tho death of his favo rite brother." He had died at the very momont the ap parition hadappoared in that remote Canadian barrack. Strange though tho story, tho veracity of the witnesses was unimpeach able ; and Arohdoacon Wrangham allndes to it in his edition of Plutarch, who, like Pliny the younger, believed in Bpectres. Of Wyn ward, wo only know that he was out of tho regiment soon after his brother's death ; and of Sherbrooko, that he lived to see tho three days of Waterloo, became Colonel of the 33rd, Commander of tho Forces in North America, and died a General and G.C.B. Prior to accompanying liis regiment, the 92nd Highlanders, m tho Watorloo cam paign, the famous Colonel John Cameron, of Fassifcrn, a grandson of the Lochicl of tho " Forty-live," dined with Lieutenant-colonel Simon Macdonell, of Morar, who had for merly been in the corps when it was em bodied at Aberdeen 03 the old 100th, or Gordon Highlanders. On the occasion of this farewell dinner there were present othor officers of the regiment, some of whom died very recently, and it occurred in tho house of Morar, at Arasaig, a wild part of Arilna- murchan, ou the western coast of Inverness- shire. As tho guosts wero passing from tho drawingroom towards tho dining room, old Colonel Macdonell courteously paused to usher in Cameron before him, and in doing 30 lio was observed to stagger and become palo, wlillo placing his hands boforo his face, as if to hide something that terrified him. Cameron saw nothing of this, though otlicr3 did ; and all were aware that subsequently, during dinner, their host seemed discon certed and "out of sorts." Thoso unbidden visions known as tho laisch, or sooond-siglit, were alleged to ho hereditary in tho family of Morar ; and hence when Cameron fell at Quatre Bras a few weeks afterwards, the old Colonel asserted solemnly, that at the moment when Cameron passed boforo him he saw his figuro suddenly become enveloped in a dark shroud, which had blood-gouts upon it about the region of the heart ; but no 3hroud enveloped tho gal lant Cameron when his fo3ter-brothor buried him in tho alUe. verte, of Brussels, where his body lay for oi:r months, till it was brought homo to Kilmalie, and buried under a monu ment on which is an inscription penned by Scott. One of the latest testimonies of the exist ence of a spiritual world is that given in tho Life and Times of Henry Lord Brougham, written by himself. In volume first, he tells us that after ho left the High School of Edinburgh to attend the University, one of his most intimate friends there was a Mr. G , with whom, in their solitary walk3 in the neighborhood of tlio city, ho frequently discussed and speculated on tho immortality of the soul, the possibility of ghosts walking abroad, and of the dead appearing to the living ; and they actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreomcnt, written mutually with their blood, to the effect, " that whichever died first should appear to tho other, nnd thus solve any doubts entertained of the lifo after death." CI wont to India, and after the lapse of a fow years Brougham had almost for gotten his existence, when one day in winter —the 19th of December — as he was indulging in tho half-sleepy luxury of a warm batli, he turned to the chair on which he had dopo'sitcd his clothes, and thereon sat his old college- chum G — looking him coolly, quietly, and sadly in tho face. Lord Brougham adds that he swooned, aud found himself lying on the lloor. He noted the circumstance, be lieving it to he all a dream, and yet, when remembering tho compact, he could not discharge from his mind a dread that G must havo died, and that his appearance, even in a dream, was to he received as a proof of a fufcuro state. Sixty-three years afterwards the veteran statesman and lawyer appends the following note to this story of tlie apparition : — "Brougham, lOth October, 1862. — I have just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream, certissima mortis imago. Soon after my return there arrived a letter from India announcing G 's death, and stating that he died' Ou the 19th of December ! Singular coinci dence ! Yet when one reflects on the vast number of dreams which night after night pass through onr brains, the number of coin cidences between tho vision aud the event are perhaps fewer and less remarkable than a fair calculation of chances would warrant us to expect." 