THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO YORKE'S PENINSULA. KADINA. The inhabitants of Yorke's Peninsula have looked forward to the time when His'Excellency should find leisure to visit their district, and when it was stated that he had promptly responded to an invitation to open the Anni|A' Show at Kadina on Wednesday, September 10, the residents were on the qui vine, and every preparation was made to do him honour. A triumphal arch was erected at the upper end of Graves-street, and the town was made gay with flags. His Excellency started from Port Ade laide in the steam-launch Margaret on Tuesday, but owing to that vessel meeting with a slight mishap he did net arrive at Clinton until rather early on Wednesday morning. Through a mis apprehension he did not appear at Kadina until after the arranged hour, but about 12 drove up in company with the President of the Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural and Horticultural Society, and Mia. Higgs, and Miss Davey, her sister. The Private Secretary was also in the carriage. The Governor, who was greeted with prolonged cheering, was conducted to a spacious and neatly- decorated platform erected opposite the Post and Telegraph Offices. An immense crowd filled the street, and in front of the platform were drawn tip about 800 members of the various Friendly Societies in regalia, whilst banners bearing the devices of the Orders were displayed, making a brilliant display. His Excellency was met and welcomed by Councillor R. W. Bawd en, in the unavoidable absence, through illness, of Mr. T. EL Hall, the Mayor of Kadina. The Town Clerk, Mr. Julius £y, then read the following address:— "To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., Companion of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, Governor and Commander - in - Chief in and over Her Majesty's Province of South Australia, and the Dependencies thereof, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; "May it please your Excellency—We the Mayor and Corporation of the town of Kadina, members of the first Corporation granted to this town, have sincere pleasure in welcoming your Excellency to our town and the important mining districts of Yorke's Peninsula. We assure your Excellency of the loyalty and attachment of the inhabitants of this district to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, and of our desire at all times to respect Her Majesty's represen tative in the colony. We congratulate your Excellency on the auspicious season in winch you have assumed the reins of the government of this colony. The pastoral interest, long depressed, has enjoyed unexampled prosperity; agriculture never so flourished at any previous period in the history of the colony; and the mineral interests, which has maintained the even tenor of its way through good and bad seasons; is in a prosperous and healthy condition. We feel sure your Excellency will view with pleasure, not only the able and principal mining opera tions carried out ou the Peninsula, which have made it popular throughout the world, but also the attempts which have recently been made with great success to cause it to be an agricultural and horticultural district. Trusting that your Excellency and family may long be spared to reside amongst us, and that your Excellency's visit to the Peninsula may cause you much pleasure, " We remain, &c.;, " R. W. Bawden, pro Mayor. " Julius Ey, Town Clerk." His Excellency said in reply—"Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen—I thank you for your address of welcome, and for this expression of your attachment to our Gracious Sovereign, and respect for Her Majesty's representative in this province. I feel that I may indeed well be congratulated upon my good fortune in begin ning my acquaintance and association with South Australia under the favourable circumstances to which you allude. It is seldom in any community that so much satisfaction can sincerely be expressed at the healthy condi tion of all the principal sources of prosperity. Let us reverently thank the Giver of All Good for His bounty, and let us join in the hope that good use may be made of the treasures of nature so lavishly bestowed. It will be a great pleasure to me to have the opportunity of seeing the mining operations, which as you truly observe have made this locality famous throughout the world; but I shall take special interest in the efforts to promote agriculture and gardening, which deserve the greater praise, as they might so easily have been neglected in digging yet deeper for the wealth of the earth. You may be assured that my visit will be productive of great gratification to me, and I thank you for your good wishes." Mr. W. Hockxng then read the following address:— " We the officers and members of the LO.O.F., M.U., A.I.O.O.F., I.O.R., I.O.G.T., beg most respectfully and cordially to welcome your Excellency to Kadina, and desire to ex press our devoted loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty the Queen, and your Excellency as her representative. " No doubt it will afford you gratification to see the improvements made in this place, which 13 years ago was but a sheep run. " The mineral wealth, so bountifully scattered around by the hand of Providence, has given employment to thousands of men, and has most materially added to the prosperity of the colony. Your Excellency is surrounded by working men who are ever willing to obey the just orders of the laws enacted by yourself and the Executive Council; and may your career in this colony be bright and glorious. " It is our sincere desire that the principles of philanthropy and self- dependence inculcated by our Societies will aid in promoting the good government of the colony. "We pray that your Excellency aud Mrs. Musgrave may enjoy under Divine Providence the blessings of health and happiness, and that your Excellency's administration, which lias been so auspiciously commenced may be long-con tiDued. We trust that the time is not far distant when we may again have the honour of welcoming your Excellency to this important district. " Signed on behalf of the Societies by " J. H. Peldeaux, LO.O.F., M.U. • " L. Dunn, A.LO.O.F. " W. Strangman, A.I.O.F. " J. Pryob, I.O.R. " W. Symons, LO.G.T. " B. T. Goldsworthy, I.O.G.T. "September, 10, 1873." The Governor replied: — "Gentlemen — Accept my acknowledgments of your cordial welcome to Kadina, and your expressions of oyalty and attachment to Her Majesty the Queen. It does afford me much gratification to witness the growth of population and prosperity in a neighbourhood so recently quite unoccupied, and I am glad to see around me the loyal sub jects wfiose labour and industry have developed the mines of wealth which have made this place what it now is, and have so largely contributed to build up the fortunes of the colony in general. Principles of philanthropy and self-dependence must always aid to an important extent in the promotion of order and good government, and I am sure that your Societies share that spirit of obedience to the great laws made by pro perly-constituted authority which characterizes the nation to which we all have the honour to belong. I thank you for your good wishes for myself and my family, which I heartily recipro cate for yourselves mid those who are dear to you." Three hearty cheers, at the call of Mr. Haddy, were given for the Queen, three more for Hi« Excellency, and three for Mrs. Musgrave and family. A procession of the various Friendly Societies was then formed, and His Excellency, accompanied by the ladies already named, the Private Secretary, and Mr. Higgs, drove to the Exhibition, where a lofty platform had been erected for his reception. He was there pre sented with the subjoined address, which was read by Mr. Gurner, the Hon. Sec.:— "May it please your Excellency—We loyal subjects, on behalf of the members of the Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural and Horticul tural Society, bid your Excellency most heartily welcome on the occasion of this, "your first visit to the Peninsula. We are glad of having an opportunity afforded us for assuring your Excel lency personally of the loyal attachment which the inhabitants of this district entertain towards Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, and to the representative of Her Majesty's Government in this colony. We regard the readiness with which your Excellency accepted our invithtion to become Patron of our Society as a proof of the interest your Excellency desired to manifest in all that tends to promote the welfare of the people and the future prosperity of the district. We feel assured your Excellency will derive much pleasure in viewing the extensive operations which are being carried on in the development of the mineral resources of the Peninsula, and also that your Excellency will be pleased at the results (as illustrated ou this occasion) which have attended the efforts of a large proportion of the community to establish an agricultural and horticultural interest in our locality. Some few years ago popular opinion declined to acknowledge the capabilities of the Peninsula as regards the cultivation of wheat and other cereals, but we are glad to say that in this respect the contrary to the general opinion has been exemplified. It is with a view of en couraging agriculture in all its branches that the Societies now amalgamated have put forth all their energies to promote. That these efforts have met with success may be gathered from the fact that wheat is now grown in large quantities, and when more largely cultivated will no doubt cause the staff of life to be rendered cheaper to the consumer. Second—That nearly sufficient horsefeed is now grown to meet our requirements—a {act in itself of considerable importance, seeing that hitherto it had been carted-to us a distance ranging from 50 to 120 miles. Third—That the encouragement given to gardening has led to the production of large quantities of vegetables—a great boon to the district, which has had to draw all its supplies of this sort from Adelaide, which are, owing to the wretched state of the roads or from stress of weather, several days in transit. * Fourth—The promoting amongst the industrial Classes a taste ; for horticulture has been attended with most beneficial results. In directing your Excellency's attention to the large population redding on this part of the Peninsula we desire at the same time to point out to your Excellency the want which is sadly felt for adequate facilities for commercial communication with the country. The Peninsula affords ample resource for a very considerable consumption of the staple products of the country, ana also affords extraordinary shipping facilities for the export of any surplus stock. Possessing these elements, we trust that your Excellency's Government will shortly introduce such measures as may tend to alleviate the wants now experienced by our community. "Trusting that your Excellency and family may long be spared to reside amongst us, aud that your Excellency's visit to the Peninsula may prove a source of gratification, " We are, &c.;, " S. Hiogs, Jon., President. "T. H. Hall, Vice-President. " F. W. Gurneb, Hon. Sec." His Excellency in replysaid;—"Gentlemen— I appreciate your hearty welcome to the Peninsula, and receive with confidence your assurances of your loyal attachment to the Queen, and your consideration for Her Majesty's representative. I am glad that you regard my early acceptance of your invitation as evidence of the interest which I take in all that may promote the wel fare and the progress of the district, for such indeed it is; but it is also proof of the sympathy which I feel for the special efforts of your Society for objects I think very important for the well-being of your population in more ways than one. Mining operations in this neighbour hood are sufficiently extensive and sufficiently successful to take care of themselves; but it is much to the credit of your community that you have not allowed concerns of so much magnitude and attractionlto obscure the advantages which may be derived from the intelligent pursuit of husbandry even in a mining district, and you may be justly proud that in the facts you have mentioned you produce satisfactory demonstra tion of these advantages, and of the possibility of obtaining them, notwithstanding the adverse predictions of the lukewarm and the doubting, anything that can be legitimately done by the Government to increase facilities for communica tion with the interior I would gladly render my aid to accomplish; and I am certain that my advisers will be no less ready than myself; but I would not have your community, any more than other portions of our colonial society, look towards what is called the Government to do for you what you require, and what very often is best done by the people for themselves by voluntary associations or organizations, and through the ordinary modes of business under takings. And I hope that it may not be long before many of the difficulties and discourage ments from which you now suffer in consequence disappear before the energy and enterprise which will grow with the growth of this vigorous and expanding colony. I share your hope that]I and my family shall be spared to reside long among a people whom I like to know and shall be glad to serve, and 1 can have no doubt that my visit to the Peninsula will be a pleasure which I shall be glad to repeat. His Excellency then formally declared the Show opened, and proceeded to inspect the exhibits. At 2 o'clock the public were admitted, and the space between the Exhibition Building and the town was soon covered with crowds of people and vehicles hurrying to the gates. The Show. Wednesday was not a promising day for out door amusements, because the weather was cer tainly not agreeable. Heavy clouds obscured the sun, and a cold wind blew across the plain. However, that did not militate against the suc cess of the affair, for there appeared to have been a strong desire to make an extensive dis play, and a liberal prize-list was provided. The Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural and Horticul tural Society having been lately amalgamated with the Kadina, Wallaroo, and Doora Mines Gardening Society, the result was a fine collec tion of almost every kind of article for use or ornament to be obtained in the district. A spacious wooden building for indoor exhibits, containing Committee-rooms, a dining-hall, &e.;, had been erected, and the grounds were temporarily planted with shrubs ; an avenue of pines led to the main building, and seats for the convenience of the public were ranged along the sides of footpath. No expense appeared to have been spared to make the affair I what it proved in nearly every sense to be—a success. Competition, though not keen in stock, had brought out some good horses—especially entires and brood mares—a fine bull, useful milch cows, and other good cattle, a fair lot of sheep, prosperous- looking pigs, and last, though not least, several varieties of useful dogs; but of course they did not come under the heading of stock. A wombat was shown, but we presume "not for competition." Implements were not numerous, but the lot entered comprised some of the most popular sorts for farming purposes. The vehiclesreflected credit on the local manufac turers, some of the buggies especially being light, strong, and admirably constructed, whilst the drays were good models and well adapted for practical purposes. The indoor exhibits de served almost unqualified praise. The wheat was excellent, the green feed of superior quality, and the hay very fair. All the best sorts of vegetables were in abundance, and the pro ducers might well be proud of the variety. The poultry were almost if not quite as well and numerously represented as tbe same de partment is at the Adelaide Shows, and the breeders seem to have bestowed great care upon rearing well-bred fowls, geese, turkeys, ducks, and pigeons. Rabbits it was hardly expected would be plentiful, and they were not. The dairy produce was very creditable, but the com petition might have been more brisk. The flowers would have made a show themselves, and were greatly admired. It was a treat to see the long rows of carefully - reared and well-chosen plants. In the miscellaneous department was a collection of well-made boots and shoes, a lot of admirable tinware, some saddlery, harness, famous cordials, a lot of taste fully-arranged minerals, jewellery, a bullock's horn grown into a bulb as big as a cocoanut, a horse'shoofpreserved, a neatly-carved stockwhip handle, a useful waterproof shirt for a miner, tape fuses, and curious knick-knacks of many sorts. The visitors as a rule expressed themselves highly satisfied with the general results. The Pre sident of the Society is Mr. S. Biggs, jun., J.P., and the Hon. Sees. Captain Anthony, Messrs. F. W. Giirner, W. Graham, and Jas Croft. The Vice-President, Mr. T. H. Hall, J.P., Mayor of Kadina, was absent owing to indisposition, and regret was expressed that circumstances pre vented his shanng in the general gratification. The following is the prize list:— STOCK. Judges—Messrs. J. Reid, Jas. Chambers, Skipworth, Cousins, Stevens, Draught eutire, any age, J. Hancock, £5; Scoble, £2. Other entiles—C. Matthews and J. Reid. Draught brood mare, in foal or with foal at foot, Dadow, £3; C. Matthews, £2. Other entnea—A. Wearn, J. Reid. " All very good." Two-year-old draught colt, P. Daniels, £2. No other entries. Two-year-old filly, P. Daniels, £2. No other entries. Yearling draught colt or filly, J. Wearn, £2; J. Reid, £1. Other entries—P. Daniels, W. H. Peters, and J. Reid. Blood entire, any age, Stuckey tc Paqualin, £3; R. Sanders, £2. Blood mare, any age, Parnell & Bowman, £3; J. & J. Herbert, £2. Two-year-old blood colt or filly, Parnell and Bowman, £2. Hack, J. Martin, £1. Roadster, Parnell & Bowman, £2; W. Y. Brown, £1. Other entry—C. B. Young. Shod horse, J. Henwood (of the farm of W. L. Morris), £1. Other entry—D. Brown. Pair plough horses, L. Cousins, £1. Other entry—P. Daniels. Milch cow, J. Laffin, £110s.; J. Alves, £1. Bull, P. Daniels, £1 10s. Other entry— Blakely. Fat ox, £1. Entries—Parnell & Bowman and J. Martin. BHEEP. Judges—Messrs. J. Duncan, T. Norton, jun., and Stevens. Five Merino sheep, J. Duncan, second prize, £1 10s. _ " No first awarded, there being no competition." Five fat sheep, Parnell & Bowman, £2; J. Martin, £1. PIGS. Judges—Same as for sheep. Bred hog, Parnell & Bowman, £1; J. Martin, 10s. Breeding sow, Parnell & Bowman, £1; J. Martin, 10s. DAIRY PRODUCE. Judges—Messrs. A. Sanders, T. Norton, and F. W. Gurner. Fresh butter, 6 lbs., Bleakley, 10s. Spiced beef. 15 lbs., G. Butler, 10s. Side bacon, W. Wyatt, 10s. Pair pork hams, D. Brown, 10s. Pair mutton hams, D. Butler, 10s. Hen eggs, 1 dozen, J. Bails, 5s. Duck eggs, 1 dozen, E. Curnoll, 5s. Farm Produce. Judges.—T. Norton, jun., J. Dang:, T. Bow man, C. Kimber, and J. frame, j Wheat, 9 bushels, J. Reid, £3; J. Reid, £110s. Greenfeed, 150 lbs.. Para ell and Bowman, 15s. Truss bay, 50 lbs., T. Price, 15s. Flour, bag, 200 lbs., C. Kimber. Only one exhibit, C. Kimber; "Not for competition." MISCELLANEOUS. Judges—Messrs. J. Bails, G. Rule, F. W. Gurner, and W. Wyllie. Collection agricultural implements, J. Martin, £3. " R. W. Bawden recommended for a prize." Colonial saddlery, J. Ellery, £2. Miners' dips, Peninsula manufacture. 6 lbs.. O'Connor, 10s. Miners' moulds, Peninsula make, O'Connor, 10s. Collection boots and shoes, J. Wyatt, £1, Assorted cordials, B. Seppelt, £1. Single and double tape fuse, six coils. J. Phillips, £1. DOGS. Judges—Messrs. W. Graham, J. Chambers, , C. Hoskin, S. A. Burford, and J. A. Hum ! phreys. Newfoundland, male and female, Stuckey and Paqualin, 10s. Retriever, male and female, J. Laffin, 10s. Blenheim Bpaniel, male and female, Rhodes, 10s. Kangaroo dog, male and female, G. Brown. 10s. Scotch collie sheepdog, male and female, ; Paraell ti Bowman, £1. Greyhound, Stuckey & Paqualin, 10s. ( Smithfield cattledog, male and female. No prize awarded. English terrier, male and female, R. Burden, £1. Scotch terrier, male and female, J. Richards. 10s. ' VEGETABLES. Judges—Captain Anthony and Mr. E. Paraell. Potatoes, kidney, 7 lbs. raw, or 12 lbs. boiled, Roberts, 7s.; B. Rough, 4s. Turnips, yellow, two bunches of six, Woods 7s.; Wyatt, 4s. Do., Swede, two bunches of six, Wyatt. 7s.: C. Poole, 4s. Carrots, long red, bunch of 12, 7s. Do., horn, bunch of 12, Edyvean, 7s.; Roberts, 4s. Parsnips, bunch of 12, no first prize; Roberts, 4s.; Langdon, 2s. ^ Cabbages, flat tops, six of each, G. Langdon, Pointed tops, W. Docket, 7s.; Wyatt, 4s. ^ Red, for pickling, six of each, W. Fergusson, Cauliflowers, six plants, J. Cock, 7s. Beans, broad, peck, P. Docket, 7s. Peas, climbers, peek, P. Docket, 7s. Dwarf, peck, P. Docket, 7s. Skinless, peck, Edyvean, 7s.; W. Fergusson, 4s. Leeks, bunch of 12, Edyvean, 7s.; Fergusson, 4s. Lettuces, cabbage, six plants, Edyvean, 3s. Malta, B. Rough, 3s. Coss, Docket, 3s.; Fergusson, 2s. Radish, long red, bunch of 12, Fergusson, 4s. Beet, red, four plants, Roberts, 5s. ; Docket, 3s. Silver, four plants, Roberts, 5s. Vegetables, collection of not less than 12 sorts. Edyvean, 7s.; Roberts, 4s. FLO WEBS. Judges—Messrs. E. Beythien, L. Seagar. Dr. Herbert, and Dr. Wilson. CUT FLOWERS. Pelargoniums, zonale, three, W. Docket, 5s. Stock, triennial, six trusses, Docket, 3s. Daisies, garden variety, R. Clagge, 3s. Anemones, not less that than four, Docket. 5s.; Docket, 3s. Sparaxis, not less than 12, Docket, 4s. Basket flowers, Mrs. Julian, 7s. 6cL "Ex tremely good." Bouquet for the hand, W. Docket, 5s., " Re cherche-," Mr. Julian, 3s., " Very good." Garland of Sturt peas, W. Docket, 5s. " Dr. Herbert, of Moonta, sent over nice lot for exhi bition only." INDOOR PLANTS IN POTS. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, six sorts, J. Jil^n. 7s.; Edyvean, 5s. Three sorts, J. Julian, 5s.; Edyvean, 3s. One sort, J. Julian, 5s. Pelargoniums, zonale, double, three sorts, J. Julian, 5s; Edyvean, 3s, One sort, J. Julian, 5s. Pelargoniums, variegated foliage, six sorts, J. Julian, 10s. Pelargoniums, ivy-leaf, greatest variety, B. Rough, 5s. Fuchsias, one, B. Rough, 5s.; Edyvean, 3s. Cinerarias, three, B. Rough, §s. Camellias, one, Edyvean, 5s. Chinese primrose, one, Nankeville, 4s. Climbing plant, in pot, J. Anthonj, 10s.: J. Julian, 5s. In basket, hanging, Mrs. J. Julian, 5s. Colensis, three, J. J ulian, 5s.; Edyvean, 2s. 6d. Collection, not less that 60 pot plants, B. Rough, £2; J. Julian, £110s. "So good that the Judges scarcely knew which to choose." cottage gardens. ! Judges—Messrs. J. Lang, T. Hosking, Rev. W. Wilson, Special prizes by Mr. Samuel Higgs, jun. Cottage garden, best stocked and kept, first prize, Edyvean ("Splendid"), 84s.; Langdon, . 63s.; Docket, 42s. GARDENS. Special prizes offered by the President for competition among the employes of the Wallaroo, Doora, and Kadina Mines (not being officers). Best cultivated garden, Edyvean, £3; Lang don, £2; Doetet, £1. POULTRY. Judges—Messrs. L. A. Burford, T. Mitchell, W. Graham, R. Piper, C. Hosking, J. Chambers, and Dr. Wilson. Brahmapootra cock and two hens, W. B. Stacey, 10s.; E. Curnow, 5s. Cochin China do. do., H. Pollard, 10s.; A. Scott, 5s. English game do. do., J. Gundry, 15s.; W. B. Stacey, 7s. 6d. Spanish do. do., H. White, 10s.; W. B. Stacey, 5s. Dorking do. do., W. Docket, 10s.; W. B. Stacey, 5s. ' Hamburg silver spangled do. do., H. White, 10s. Poland spangled do. do., J. Dingle, 10s. Barndoor do. do. (best pen), E. Curnow, 7s. 6d. Bantam, English game do.'do., W. B. Stacey. 7s. Do, white do., J. Anthony, 7s. ; A Scott, 3s. 6d. | Do. fancy do., A. Scott. 7s. ; — White, I 3s. 6d. i Turkeys, pair, A. Scott, 10s. ; A. Scott, 5s. I Peafowls, do., — Tremberth, 10s.; A. Stacey, I 5s. Geese, do., A. Stacey, 10s.; E. Curnow, 5s. Ducks, any kind, do., A. Hinton, 7s. 6d. Pigeons, carriers, do., W. B. Stacey, 7s. Pouters, do., R. Piper, 7s. ; W. B. Stacey, 3s. 6d. Tumblers, do., W. B. Stacey, 7s.; R. Piper, j os. 6d. 1 Fantails, do., R. Piper, 7s.; W. B. Stacey, os. 6a. ' Turbits, do., R. Piper, 7s.; W. B. Stacey, 3s. 6d. Jacobins do., Bertram, 7s.; W. B. Stacey, 3s. 6d. BABBITS, &c.; English grey, C. Poole, 7s. " Guinea pig, J. Anthony, 3s. 6d. ARTICLES EXHIBITED NOT FOB COMPETITION. Native silk, W. Carrosso; jewellery, Rosen berg; waterproof coat, W. Gadd; tinware, A. Res tall; fowls, A. Scott; stock whip, J. Laffin; case specimens. Captain Anthony; seaweed and bullock horn, T. Burchell; cut flowers. Dr. Herbert. The Luncheon. At about 3 o'clock a large company of ladies and gentlemen sat down to an excellent luncheon provided in the Show pavilion by Host Mitchell, of the Exchange Hotel, Kadina. The President of the Society occupied the chair, and on his right were His Excellency and Mrs. Higgs. The Vice-Chairman was Mr. Gurner. The Chairman, after giving "The Queen," said he felt a little difficulty in proposing the next toast, as he might not be able to do justice to it, but as he was certain of having the sympathies of all present, he felt courage in proposing it. He but reiterated the sentiments of every resident in the district when he said that the present was a red-letter day for Yorke's Peninsula. (Applause.) The ready response His Excellency had made to the invitation to become Patron of the Society had caused gratification to every inhabitant of the Peninsula. They fully appreciated the distinction so readily accorded, and there was a still deeper signification in the fact of the Governor's presence. If he mistook not, there was an intention to tell them that however much Yorke's Peninsula had been neglected by the Parliament, his visit was an earnest of better things to come. The disgraceful manner in which the Peninsula had been neglected by past Governments had been commented upon by more than one Governor. That neglect was the more wonderful from the fact that the mineral resources of Yorke's Peninsula were second to none in the world—(cheers)—and contributed to the wealth of the colony. And although those mineral resources produced such vast wealth ,he might venture to saj they were not even yet fully developed, the efforts of the members for the Messrs. Hughes and Duncan, there would shortly be a change for the better in the treat ment of the Peninsula. They might yet hope to see Moonta and Kadina joined to the great trunk railway system of the colony. (Cheers.) • The Bill now fathered by the junior member, . Mr. Duncan, would, when carried, produce good results. Therefore he thought he was right in saying there was a double significance in Mis Excellency's presence that day. He would not say anything about the Society, as the Exhibi tion would speak for itself. He trusted His Excellency would see that he had not overrated the resources of the district, where no fresh water existed. A short time ago it was thought that no vegetables could grow in such a place, but now that idea was thoroughly, done away with. He asked all present to drink " Long Life Prosperity to the Governor." Drunk with hearty chews. His Excellency, who was -greeted with pro longed cheers, thanked them for the flattering compliment they had paid him and the very kind and cordial manner in which it had been done. It seemed com monplace to say that it gratified him ex ceedingly to meet them; but commonplace as the remark might seem, he made it under a deep sense of pleasure at what he had witnessed. He would not touch upon the political questions alluded to by the Chairman. He thought perhaps it would be far the better plan to leave them to his advisers. (Cheers and laughter.) Special commendation was due to the Com mittee for the efforts they had made to promote horticulture and agriculture in the place. They had great and peculiar difficulties to overcome in that part of the colony, and therefore de served the greater credit for what they had accomplished. (Applause.) He had always taken great interest in agricultural pursuits; in fact he might almost say with a friend of his, " Agriculture is the only occupation fit for a. gentleman." (Applause and laughter.) It seemed they had experienced a great difficulty in getting fodder for their live stock formerly, and he would call their atteu- I tion to a new description of food, which he believed, if attention were paid to its cultivation, j would add greatly to their resources. He had seen it tried in other countries with success, and it had been much esteemed as fodder. One description was known as Guinea grass, and Dr. Schomburgk, Director of the Botanic Garden, could testify to its utility, and would readily respond to applications for supplies. In one of the places in which he (the Governor) resided some years ago he had a patch of that particular growth, and it gave him green forage for several horses all the year round. It was cut for three or four days, and when cut the end of the patch was ready for them again, so quickly did it spring. Dr. Schomburgk had in formed. hi™ that he believed it would flourish well in this province, as the climate suited it. This grass would make excellent hay, and as green feed was second to none he knew for horses and cattle. The next kind was bunch grass, and was plentiful in British Columbia. He had never seen larger cattle or finer horses than he had found there far up the country, and they were fed on bunch grass. Dr. Schomburgk was of opinion that it would do well in this country. Next was what the Dutch call Sheep Bush, in digenous to South Africa, and it would live where everything else was killed by drought. Itwas excellent food for stock, and he had seen it in the Botanic Garden growing welL Cattle feed was much wanted in the district, and he under stood milk was scarce, but if bunch grass could be made to answer, the district would be stocked with fine cattle and good milkers. Either kind of grass would be a great boon if introduced—(applause)—-and ho trusted the time would not be far distant when it would be plentiful. If its cultivation were successful, as he hoped it would be, the people would have pleasant associations connected with his visit. (Cheers.) He would like to propose as a toast, " Success to the Agricultural and Horticultural Society of Torke's Peninsula." It had done very much in the three or four years of its existence, and he hoped as its_ Patron that it would accomplish as much in the future. (Cheers.) Drunk with acclamation. The Vice-Chaibman (Mr. Gurner) responded. Mr. Jas. Lang proposed "The Parent and Kindred Societies," expressing his pleasure at the success which had attended the demonstra tion that day. Mr. L. L. Purser, the Vice-President of the Moonta Society, responded. Apologies were read from the Hons. A. Blyth, H. E. Bright, C. Mann, and others, for un avoidable absence. Mr. C. Kimbeb, J.P., proposed "TheTown and Trades of Moonta, Wallaroo, and Kadina," remarking upon the importance of the mineral interests of the district and the prosperous state of commercial affairs. Mr. J. R. Corfe briefly responded for Moonta, Mr. D. Lyas responded for Wallaroo. Mr. R. W. Bawden gave " The Members for the District, Messrs. H. K. Hughes and J. J. Duncan." The Press was then proposed, ana Air. Bonython responded on behalf of the Register and Advertiser, represented by special reporters from Adelaide, Mr. Derrington returned thanks for the Torke's Peninsula Advertiser, and Mr. Godfrey for the Wallaroo Times. His Excellency the Governor responded to the toast of " The Ladies," and the proceedings then terminated. MOONTA. Although His Excellency's visit to the im portant town of Moonta was anxiously looked forward to by the inhabitants generally, there seemed to have arisen a mistaken idea that his visit would partake more of a private than an official character, therefore no programme for j his public reception was proposed, and to a certain extent the affair was rather disappointing to the residents after the enthusiastic reception accorded at Kadina. Nevertheless there were evidences .about the hastily-got-up demonstra tion giving proof that warmth of feeling was not wanting, and that His Excellency had won golden opinions during his brief visit. Had the misapprehensions referred to not arisen, there was little doubt that the Moonta people would have striven not to let Kadina take the credit of having done most honour to Her Majesty's representative. When it was known that the Governor would soon be on his way to the town the Corporation had ready an address beautifully printed in gilt letters on vellum, and enclosed in a superb blue sarin cover. The Friendly Societies also prepared one in an equally handsome style. Although, as we said before, no regular programme was arranged, the members of the various Benefit Societies assembled in regalia and with flags flying to receive His Excellency; but this holiday ap pearance was somewhat marred by the business like-look of the streets, where nearly all the shops kept open. The minershadahalf-holiday, but the inhabitants of the most populous part of the Peninsula did not muster in very large numbers. His Excellency and party drove up in Mr. Higgss vehicle, drawn by theteam of greys from the mine, of which the people are justly proud.. There were no triumphal arches, few flags, and no " mighty surging crowd," but a spacious and neatly-decorated platform was erected just off George-street by the Corporation, and there His Excellency, after performing the circuit of the town, drove, attended by an escort of troopers. TheMayor (Mr. Drew) and Councillors Asshetoa, Harris, Hague, Furner, Bennett, Rossiter, Beaglehole, and Buzza, the Superinten dent of the Moonta Mines (Mr. Han cock), and others received him upon th® platform. The Mayor saidI feel myself highly honoured by your Excellency's notice, and gratified that so soon after vour arrival m the colony you have visited Yorke's Peninsula, where the people are ever ready to give a hearty welcome to the represen tative of their beloved Queen. As Mayor o. this town it has fallen to my lot to present to your Excellency, on behalf of the members of the Municipal Council, an address, which but feebly expresses our sentiments of congratula tion and with vour Excellency's permission I will request the 'Town Clerk to read the same.' The Town Clerk (Mr. Crutchett) read the following address:— "To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia and its dependencies. " The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Moonta and its surrounding neighbourhood through the Mayor and Corpora tion of Moonta. •' May it please your Excellency—On this the first occasion of your visit to the important mineral district of Yorke's Peninsula we tender our hearty welcome and congratulations to you who have been selected by Her Most Gracious Majesty our Queen as her representative in tiiis most distant portion of her dominions, and feel assured that wisdom has guided her choice, atid that under your administration the vital urt®" rests of the province will be-promoted and its prosperity advanced. .. , " We beg to assure you of the contmuea loyal tv aud strong attachment of theresiidents of this part of the colony to Her f throne and person, and their prayer is that she may be long spared to her people to discharge the high functions devolving npon her. We trust that your Excetleucy, with Mrs. Musgrave and vour family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. "On behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, wa remain, your Excellency's most obedient ser vants, «« Charles Drew. Mayor. " G. T. Cbutchswt, Town Clerk." Ilia IgCBEunrcr, la repljymd Msfjtf and Gentlemen—This cordial welcome, from thv inhabitants of Hoonta is very gratifying to mo, and I thank you for the compliment winch your address contained. I hope, indeed, that the choice which baa conferred/upon me the honour of being the representative of oar Gracious Sovereign in this noble province will not prove unwise. It may not be within the scope of my power or my legitimate functions personally to accomplish much} but what goodwill, earneet desire, and the nature of my office may enable me to effect shall not _ remain undone toward* loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne, which is scarcely needed, so well is it known, but which 1 shall have pleasure in laying at her feet. 1 pray you to accept my thanks for your good wishes towards my family myself." affiuLraJKassss* "To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave Em. C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Cfhief of the Colony of South Australia and. its depen dencies. " We the united Friendly Societies of Hoonta beg most cordially to welcome your Excellency to Moonta and the important mininjr district connected therewith. We take this opportunity of assuring your Excellency of our devoted loyalty and attachment to the person and throne of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. It is our earnest desire that the principles of philanthropy and self-dependence inculcated by these Societies may be found to aid in pro moting the wellbeing and good government of this colony, with its large population, the major portion of: which is, more or less, directly connected with the respective Orders. " We notice with satisfaction the interest your Excellency has taken in this important district; and we trust you will by this visit become thoroughly acquainted with its wants and neces sities. We assure your Excellency you will carry away with you the hearty goodwill and best wishes of your most obedient and humble servants. " Signed on behalf of the various Friendly Societies, " E. H. Derrington, D.D., LO.G.T. " Geo. Jeffeby, Foresters. " C. M. Bertram, A.LO.O.F. " F. D. Robinson, A.LO.O.F., M.U. " W. H. Bentley, C.B., LO.R." His Excellency said in reply:—"Gentlemen —I am much gratified by this compliment from you in my visit to Moonta, and this testi mony of your loyalty. I have no doubt of the value of the principles on which your Societies are erected. The advantages of mutual assis tance and co-operation are daily becoming better known and more highly appreciated. I cannot fail to take a deep interest in so impor tant and populous a district, and I shall do my best to become acquainted with its wants and necessities in order to aid as far as I can in sup plying them. Pray accept my thanks for your good wishes." Hearty cheers were then given for the Queen, the Governor, and Mrs. Muserave, and an adjournment was made to the site of the new church. All Saints' Church. Hie want of a suitable building for divine worship has been long felt by the members of the m Church of England at Moonta, and as the fa'm* had arrived when the people believed they could venture on having erected a handsome struc ture in their locality, every exertion for some time past has been made to raise funds for the purpose. A favourable site at the south side of" - the town was fixed upon, and Hin Excellency the Governor promptly responded to the invi tation to lay the foundation-stone. After receiving the addresses already given, he pro ceeded to the ground chosen as the site of the proposed church, where a pleasantly-decorated, platform bad been erected for bis convenience. A considerable crowd assembled, but the threatening aspect of the sky boded a heavy storm, and many persons were deterred from attending. A harmonium was provided, and a choir of singers, led by Mr. Evans, joined in singing appropriate hymns. The .Rev. C. G. Taplin chanted the offices appointed by he Church on occasions of layingfoundation stones, and was assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Hawkins, of Auburn, and Hocter, of Kadrna. The choir joined in the responses, and after a hymn was sung, Mr. A. France, jun., read the following document:—"The foundation-stone of the All Saints' new Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of the Province of South Aus- 1 tralia, on the 11th September, in the year of our Lord 1873, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the 26th year of the consecration of the Bight Bev. Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Bev. Chas. Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent; Trustees—G. F. Wyatt, Lloyd. Herbert, and Thomas Evans;" Wardens— Wm. Gosse, Alfred France; Architect—Thomas J ones, C.E.; builders—Maddern & Priestley; carpenters—Hayne & Lake." The bottle containingacepyof the above docu ment, the Wallaroo Times of Sept. 10, the Moonta, Advertiser of September 9, and six current coin3 of the realm was placed beneath the stone. At this period the storm burst, and a heavy shower of rain descended, drenching those per sons who crowded the platform, and dispersing most of the assemblage below. Mr. G. F. Wyatt presented His Excellency with a handsomely chased silver trowel, made by Mr. Steiner, of Adelaide, having a handle inlaid with malachite, and bearing upon its blade the following inscription:—" Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, on the occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of All Saints' Church, Moonta, September11,1873." Using this instrument His Excellency declared the stone duly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He then said he did not propose to make a speech, partly because he considered it was more a season for prayer than for useless harangues, and partly because the rain pre cluded anything like an address. He very much regretted that Mrs. Musgrave had not been able to witness the proceedings, as she took great interest in anything connected with religious institutions. She had been prevented from being present by circumstances beyond her control. Her maternal duties, which could not be neglected, had compelled her to remain absent on the occasion of a ceremony which would have received her warmest attention. He had felt much pleasure in accepting the invitation to lay the foundation-stone of a building to be devoted to such a good and glorious work as that of teaching a reverence for the true and pure worship of God. He fully appreciated the great amount of good done by other Churches, but be ever felt deeply gratified at being enabled to promote and cherish as far as lay in his power the Church of his fathers, which throughout Ids life had received his reverence. Through it flowed a strong stream of practical piety, and be was pleased to see the good work prosper throughout the world by the faithful efforts of Christian preachers of all denominations. It afforded him ungratified pleasure to mart the absence of denominational feeling in the pro ceedings of that day, and to see the interest and reverence of all assembled. There was ample scope for all who desired to follow the path of goodness, and he should like to see every denomination join in the one grand scheme of Christianity without regard to differences on small points of belief. He hoped to see the church, the foundation-stone of which ho had just laid, devoted to the cause of God, and prosperous to the utmost extent in sending forth good words, and doing good work in the district in which it was placed. The Bev. C. G. Taplin thanked His Excel lency for his kind response to the invitation to lay the foundation-stone, and said the people of the district might be congratulated upon having his earnest support to that Church. He hoped the time would come when • much larger building would be required for divine worship. For some time the members had been put to considerable inconvenience through the want of church accommodation, and after great exertions a suitable building waa projected. There were 50,000 people of the Church of England in South Australia out Of a population of 180,000, and as Moonta contained 10,000 or 12,000 inhabitants it would be stamge if there was not room for church extension. The now church would hold 450 people, and that number would soon be increased by God a help, and he hoped there would be need to enlarge the building. The total amount of the cost was £1,500 or £1,600, and for that amount he was responsible ; but he had no fear that the people woul<^ not give their aid heartily and sincerely. „ The Rev. Mr. Hocteb said 25 years ago there were five Anglican churches in this country, and with the help of God they had increased to 75, and he firmly believed that in another 75 years they would number 175. He was pleased to see the members of so many denominations present, and showing so much, kindly interest and Christian unity. Contributions to a considerable amount were laid on the stone. The rain fell heavily during the latter part of the ceremony, and the reporters for the local papers, as well as the two specials present, on behalf of the Adelaide dailies, found great difficulty in taking notes of the addresses. The following description of the church has been kindly furbished by the architect, Mr. Jones:—The design is in the early English transition style, and was pro posed to consist of nave, transept, chancel, and tower, but it has been decided to omit for the present fno two latter. The internal dimensions of the building will uev save, 72 feet 6 inches by *22 feet 6 inches, and transept, 22 feet 6 inches by 12 feet. The height from the floor to the ridge will be 36 feet. The church will contain sitting reomfer about 400 persons. The roof will hi open, with stained and -varnished timbers. There will be three two-light windows on either side of the naye, a triple-light window at each end of the transept, and similar lights at the end of the nave and ehancel. The string course connecting the labels over the windows will have mouldings in character with the style of build ing. The architectural details are simple,plain, and remarkaby neat, and in perfect harmony with the general design. The material to lie employed is limestone, with freestone quoins up to the base and bricks for the re mainder of the quoins and dressings. The structure will be deeply buttressed all round. The contract of Messrs. Maddern & Priestly has been accepted for tbe stonework, tbe amount being £680 16s. 8d.; for the carpenters', plumbers', painters', and slaters' work the tender of Messrs. Hague & Lake has been accepted at £645. There were four other tenderers. His Excellency then left, and later in the day was shown over the Moonta Mines by Captain Hancock, and expressed great satisfaction at what he witnessed. He also visited the Wallaroo Mines. 