SUMMARY OF NEWS. Two members of the Sydney suburban Roman Catholic Church have been excommunicated, for marrying during Lent. Proceedings against Mr E. Ward, rc the contempt case, have dropped. At Sandhurst last week the calls of the Mining Companies exceeded the dividends by £ollt)0. The steamer Penola has been dispatched to land the passengers from the Baroda at the quarantine station, and bring a light cargo up to Melbourne. The Baroda will then go to Sydney, and perform theiemaiuder of her quarantine. The passengers will remain isolated for 14 days. The Governmeut steamer Thetis has been dispatched from Sydney in search of the wreck of the Belle Isle, with instructions to sink that vessel if she is found floating. A party of young men tin-kettled a young married couple at Waltawanong on Saturduy morning, sind while the annoyance was going on the father and shot three of the tin-kettlers, one of whom is supposed to be mortally wounded. A mounted bushranger fired at an it nerant showman named Doonan, near Dunkeld, and shot his horse. The robber only obtained a few shillings. The report of a white woman having been found among the natives at Keppel Bay has turned out to be a hoax. The Northern Goldfields of Tasmania a r improving. A rich reef, yielding 40ozs. of gold to the ton, has been discovered at the Nine Mile Springs The Caledonian Company has declared a second, and the Derby a first, dividend. Both of these are Fingal Companies. A deep* sea fishing-boat, supposed to have foundered during Monday's storm, was cast ashore near Hobart Town on Friday, completely smashed. Her crew, three in number, are missing. Mr Agg, of the T.ands Department, Melbourne, died very suddenly on Saturday, May 3, while out shooting. The Hon. H. M. Murphv, member of the Legislative Council, has been fined £10 and £10 costs, for shocking cruelty to a dog. The following accident in connection with a bu3h fire in Western Australia is recorded in the Perth Inquirer :_During the late warm weather as a two-horse team belonging to a settler named Stephens was passing near a bush fire on the Canning, by an unexpected circumstance—a sudden gust of wind—both cart and horses were burned to a cinder before any assistance could be Tendered. The team wns loaded with hay, which, having caught light, the horses refused to travel, plunged about, and were soon destroyed by the flames. The friends of the R v. J. L. Parsons will be glad to learn that intelligence has been received by this mail of his continued improvement in health, and that the medical testimony is rather more favorable than it was anticipated it would be. At a meeting of the Society of United Tradesmen of South Australia, held in Adelaide on Monday night, a resolution in favor of the eight-hour system was unanimously adopted, and a deputation of the Society was appointed to wait npon the employers. On Monday last an inquest was held at Goodwood before Mr W. Harcus, respecting the death of William Scarff, aged 61, who died on the previous day. The evidence of Mrs Scorff was to the effect that her husband in going to pull a bucket of water from the well in their garden, dropped the bucket down the well, and in trying to catch it, his foot slipped and he fell headlong. Assistance was obtained, and he was drawn up unconscious, and died the next day. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. A meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, and the mercantile community generallv has been held with rpference to the Suez mail service. Several resolutions were passed upholding the Government in declining to accede to Earl Kimberley's proposal. A deputation was appointed to wait Up 0 n the Government to present the resolutions passed at the meeting. The Town Clerk of Adelaide has been permitted to withdraw his resignation. The committee stated that he intended setting aside a portion of his income for two years towards satisfying his creditors, and that he had become involved in pecuniary difficulties by unwisely lending his name to assist others. An inquiry showed that the city funds had not been endangered. Concerning the Inspector of Public Houses, the Adelaide correspondent of the KapmiJa Herald writes '—A clond is hanging over the head and shoulders of Mr Galbraith, the Inspector of Public Houses. There are all sorts ofrumo'S abroad as to his having received bribes from publicans; and not only this, but there are alleged charges that in some cases he has extorted money from the holders or would-be holders of licences. These rumors and these charges have at length reached the ears of the Government, and they have been prompt enough to appoint a Commission to enquire into the matter. Messrs Beddome, I ewis, and Bonney foim the Commission, and pending their report Mr Galbraith has been suspended. The circumstance is deeply to be regretted, for there is no question that the Inspector has been the means of greatly increasing the accommodation and the comfort of the hotels throughout the province. For work like that which he has had to do he should have been handsomely paid, so as to have placed him above the reach of anything like bribery. But it is the poliey of the South Australian Government to pay such salaries as are utterly inadequate for the work done and the position, and it is this that is leading so many of our best officers to leave the service. The Register states that on Tuesday night Montague Ellis, a lad, was arrested for passing counterfeit money- He had purchased penny i papers from runners, and in uearly all instances j gave what appeared to be shilling pieces, re- j ceiving 1 Id change, but it was soon found that i the coins were made of lead or so., e other metal : silvered over They had the Queen's head, j milling, etc., upon them. Severr.l false shillings were secured b^ the police. j Subjoined is an extract from a letter dated • Kooringa, May 1:—"I came from the East yesterday, and there is not much feed there or j elsewhere yet, but plenty of grasshoppers and of j poison plants. Two flocks of travelling sheep j were obliged to turn back owing to the poison, j the owners being frightened that only the shepherds would be left alive if the flocks continued j on their journey North-East further." The first contest in Scotland under the ballot between a Liberal and a Conservative, was •won by the latter. The numbers were—Mr j Vans Agnew, 713; Lord Dairymple, 658; majority, 57. Lord Dalrymple is Lord Stair's j eldeet son. ! Richard Markman, cook of the Hector, was drown.d at Launceston on Friday He be onged to Adelaide. 1 A telegaam, dated May 3, states that \ational Bar.k shares on the Melbourne register, had been sold at 16 lis 6d, and that more wore wanted at the same rate; those on the Adelaide were worth the same rate. Madame Arabella Goddard, the distinguished pianis-te, has arrived in Melbourne by the P. and O. Company's steamer, Baroda. , The first white woman born in Tasmania, i died on Sunday last at the age of 7G. A suicide is reported to have been committed off a Queensland steamer, tbe Lady Bo wen, on her passage from Rockhampton. A saloon passenger jumped overboard, says the Chronicle, when within half a mile of Maryborough. The steamer at the time was under full way, and the man was seen as if swimming from the vessel. Immediately upon the cry, "man overboard," Captain Cottier had the boat lowered and manned by a strong crew. The boat returned to town alter having spent an hour unsuccessfully searching for the supposed suicide. The real name of the missing man is Chailes Hodgson, and he was at one time in the native police, and stationed at the Belyando River. Latterly he has been employed at the washpnol, on a station near Cox «id Downing's, on the Paroo River, but having come into a legacy of £3000, relinquished that avocation, and set himself to run through his inheritance, in the usual colonial way, with all possible expedition. He had already succ eded in this resolve t > the extent of £1000, which was all that his friends— apparently fearing such a result—would send him ; and was on his way to touch the remainder when the occurrence took place. The Bnninyony Telegraph understands on good authority that a person residing at Rokewooi Junction, a;id go ng by the name of Baron Kirk, lias, through the death of some relative in England, come into possession of large landed property and the title of baronet. It appears that for some considerable time his claim has been dispdted, it being a second Tichborne affair, on a small scale; however, matters have so far been arranged that Baron Kirk, as he is called, has sg-eed to waive his claim—having no funds to prosecute his suit in the English law courts—on consideration of receiving £1000 in cash, and £500 per annum during his lifetime. The title he succeeds to is that of Sir Michael Mitchell. We may mentiou that Kirk was at one time a resident at Scotchman's, where he earned his livelihood as a butcher. John Jones, of the Mines Flat, near Strathalbyn, was emp'oyed at chaffing hay at Mr. Hill's farm, when in feeding the chaffcutter, his right hand and arm became entangled and were drawn into the machine up to within a few inches of the elbow. Before the horses were stopped the hand was cut off just above the wrist ;• (the fingers and the hand having been sliced into small pieces by the three knives), and the forearm received lacerated wounils, with fracture of both bones. The surgeon amputated the arm above the elbow. Says the Southern Argus—The neighborhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visitants. This week a worthy knight of the cleaver, who, by the way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frighteued out of his seven senses, by tbe apparition of some fair one, in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all important person, " the oldest inhabitant," says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met with an untimely end in that neighborhood some twenty or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the daytime, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who corroborates his statement We have heard of and believe in the ;jhrst of » chance, but that of a lady is quite a differeut matter. The fore-and-aft schooner Eclair, of 29 tons, Captain John Martin, master, and part owner, on Sunday morning went aground on Gray's Point, about five miles to the north. Policeconstable Allchurch proceeded in a boat, accompanied by two men named Goldfinch and Henry Wright, and reached the stranded vessel at 10.15 a.m. Seeing no person on board the party waded to the schooner, when they found the captain and one man below, the two other hands having gone ashore in a boat. Soon after wards two troopers arrived, having been dispatched from the city ; but the captain did not consider that any assistance could be rendered. He stated that he had slipped his moorings at Yankalilla, and was attempting to make Port Adelaide, but at 5 a.m. deemed it advisable, so great was the stress of weather, to run the schooner ashore in order to save her from being wrecked; and there she must lie till he could arrange for unloading and getting her off. The Melbourne Age, in treating of affairs in Fiji, thus refers to the king:—"Many people have no doubt an idea that King Thakombau, having a Cabinet Ministry, must be a very regal personage, and have quite discarded all his old habits, but it appears that such is not the case. On high days and holidays he puts himself inside a decent suit of elothts, and when visiting any British men-of-war; but when the cares of State are over, he parades about the town in native dress, and is only t o willing to have a diink with any kind friend who may feel inclined to treat his Majesty. Not unfrequently he may be seen in the bar of one of the hotels playing draughts, of which game he is said to be a very good player. If his Majesty feels thirsty, and unfortunately can find no person to invite him to drink, he goes into the first hotel and calls for what he wants, for which he invariably forgets to pay." The Charter for the institution of the Grand Lodge of Good Templars of South Australia has arrived, the bearer being the Rev. J. Thome. The meeting for the installation of officers will be held shordy, in Adelaide, The American papers aunounce the death of Mrs. James E. Parton, better known und'.r the nom de plume of "Fanny Fern." She was sister to N. P. Willis, and was born in Main, but the family removed to Boston while she was a child. She was educated at Hartford, Connecticut. and soon after leaving school married a Mr Eldridge of Boston, who died, leaving her a widow with three children, in embarrassed circumstances. This induced her to take to literature She was married to Mr Parten in 1856, and died in her 61st year. A paragraph has gone the rounds of the English papers to the effect that « an Act to protect female virtue " has been introduce d into the Missouri Legislature It pro»ides that a man seduciug a woman shall have the choice of man-ying her or five years of State imprisonment. Messrs W. Mort ond Co., the agents of the ! Peak Downs Copper Mining Company, are sending out to their works, at Rockhampton, in Queensland, upwards of one hundred copper miners and th' ir families from Cornwall. They consist of single and married men, and were to have sailed from London by the Countess Russell, on Wednesday, the 26th February. They go out under tbe Queensland Government regulations, by which they receive, on payment of their passage money, a £20 giant of land, which is transferable. The wages they can earn at the mine is stated to average £3 per week. Last ' aturdav we (Souther* Argus) noticed some splendid- looking cabbages iu a eart perambulating Strathalbyn, and to gratify a little enriosity f >ur of them were put into the scale, and were found to weigh, in the aggregate, 65£ lbs, or an average of over 16| lbs each. The Duke of Genoa, the illustrious visitor who has arrived per the Italian frigate Garibaldi, is the eldest son of the late brother of Victor Emmanuel, King of Italy. His Royal Highness was quite expected a few years ago to acquire a closer relationship with His Imperial Majesty, for it was confidentially assumed that his mother, the beautiful Duchess of Genoa, wou d wed her brother-in-law ^.vento took a conirary turn ; the Duchess married one of her gentlemen in waiting, a simple lieutenant, and in consequence of the ceren.ony, wh ch was performed in haste, and at midnight, without the consent of her royal relatives, she was for a time secluded from Court. She was soon recalled from exile to receive at the Italian palaces on behalf of the royal widower, and her influ nce there is still dominant Our visitor is first cousin to Amadous, ex-king of Spa n. Some crack-brained person at Stawell, with money (not unusual there) and without wit (quite customary), dispatched a lett r per overland and submarine wire to I«ord Kimberley. the telegram was quite incomprehensible The combined intel ig--nce of the Colonial Office couldn't make head or tail ot it. Knowing how sensitive colonial cousins are, and how ready to resent th j affront of apparent neglect, His Lordship te'e »raplied to the Victorian Government, " ('an'i understand message from Stawell. Repeat " Here was another conundrum. What on earth could Kimberley mean ? At last it was surmised that Hir Honor the Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, might have been in telegraphic communication with the Colonial Office (possibly to ask an explanation of the rumor about a certain appointment to the contemplated Appellate Court). Whatever the topic, it was deemed to be courteous and desirable to repeat Sir William's latest message. When that reached Lord Kimberly things were mixed than ever. The second message from "Stawell" bore no kind of resemblance to the first. The entanglement was only cl- ared up after the exchange of from sixty to seventy pounds' worth of messages per cable. Unfortunately the original idiot can't be made legally responsible for the expenditure on all this purposeless teleagraphy. —^ yus. [The subjoined, which is intended to be one of a series, is furnished to us by a gentleman who is convinced that Good Teniplarism has been greatly misunderstood and underrated, and that it has only to be known to be admired. ] 