POETRY, ORIGINAL AND SELECTED. — ? — — v BEPTJLTUBIN CMRR1B. From the Brisbane Telearavh. I line following is to my fancy an exquisite b» of deseriftive writing. It is by an Australian poet named Kowe, and worthy I think of a place in roar columns, ft mar arise from my want of taste, bat I prefer it to many a more pretentious English poem. Most of your readers have never met with these lines, so I make no apology foi troubling you with them.-Yours, Ac. H. Babtlzy.i Flowers float upon the creek like virgin snow, The glass-green creek that creeps in noiseless course, Saw by the spiry arrowgrus unsUmmed. Around the gully's foot when sleeps the dead. Her sombre tresses on the farther bank The swamp-oak droops; from blossom golden* bright The wattle sighs sweet odour ; and unheard The Kunvtiee showers ilt gUtt'ring manna down. With crimson fruit and alabaster blooms Wild rwpb'rries clothe the bank; serried in front A phalanx firm of green and tawny reeds Uplift their pennoned ?pears. Throughout the day Ac eene hush hangs o'er that sunny stream. For months roil on and no man pisssth by. It sings no song, but to a chorus low Of insect ?murmun glides upon its way. Perchance a little string of silver bells Comes up and bunts; there is a flash of fins— A sprinkling splash-then all again is still, Or now and then three little liquid notes Are thrice repeated, and the songster stops; Or the hanh cackle of the bushman's clock, Or stream of burnished parrots flying o'er, Startles the silence— but again it sleeps: And through it, ghost-like, the kingfisher dull Hither and thither, beautiful and curst, And eerie is the wak'ning of the stream, At dusk the shy, weird watermole rolls forth For uncouth gambols 'Death the bright'ning moon ; And through the long night noun, or bright or black, Tall, spectral cranes croak hoarsely to their males ; The bittern booms ; and with despairing wail, Doleful as spirits lost for evermore, The curlew curds the blood; whilst down the gloom Of the dark gully comes a sobbing moan— The night wind crooning its mysterious woe. The filtered gold that specks the twilight shade Which nils the gully on the brightest dar, A crystal shade, 'olent of damp and death. Ages of vegetation passed away— Hath rarely fallen on the face of man ; And when the Southern Cross' solemn light Streamed from the sky, no human foot metninks Was ever planted in that darksome cleft, Choked with bush verdure. At the streaming mouth Tea-trees shoot rankly from a swamp, and snakes, The wicked big brown snakes coil round the poles, And guard the entrance with their hooded heads, Lissome and loathey. The deaf adder, eke, Stupid and stunted, but as dire as dull. Lies loglike on the moist and mouldering soil. With fettering fangs whose touch is certain death. The bulla- bulla haunts that lonely shade, And perched on tree-stump, spreads its glossy tail, As lyre for breeze to play on, but no breeze Stirs the curvid plumes, and weary of the hush, The pheasant tempts a song from songaters mute By artful call, then mocks them dumb again, And a drear silence once more reigns around. The iguana, with its old. old eye, Which one might swear had seen ere man was born, The iguana, seemingly bowed down By burden of a life without an end. The watted iguana haunts the shade. And makes it weirder with his weary gase. The sassafras breathes perfume from its bark; The blackwood soars to catch the distant light, The beech that fadeth not spreads wide its boughs, And o'er a dewy carpet richly green Luxuriant fern-trees bend their feathery fronds, The living batteu on the trampled dead. A waste of weeds has almost blotted out The fenced-in spot where lies the human dead. Creepers and scrub have Burged up round the rails— The rough grey rails that mark the sepulchre. Who lies there buried ! ' B. Y. '».' I read the inscription on a crumbling slab, Lichened and mossed, and slimed, and faintly git, With a chance sprinkle on the filtered gold, From which a lizird glided as I read. And what the story of the epitaph ? 1 know not. We must wait for Israel. His trump shall ring within the gully's gloom, But till the dead arise to meet their God, 'B. Y.' is blotted from the rolls of men. In the hushed gully by the -ilent stream He sleeps obscure. Ere many years have passed His tomb will be entombed* -and if it be! The little fame that gives some score of years Of posthumous existence to a man ia that worth much 1 And e'en the brightest fame Must one day fade— as well, then, soon as late! And for the common herd, who reads the stones With which they strive to dam out Lethe's flood! Deep in the southern bush, or in the sea That in a second severs man from men, Sleep is as sweet as 'neath cathedral flags. *Data sunt ipsii quoquc fata sepulekris.— Juvenal Xr. 146. _ 