Put Y owrself in Ms Place I ? - BY CHARLES EKADE, Oae evening— he had been in Hillsborougu that day-he eaid, ' My dear, I have seen an old friend of youra to-day, Mr. Coventry. He asked very kindly after you.' Grace made no reply. ' He is almost as pale as you are. He has been very ill, he tells me. And really, I believe it was your ilness upset him.' ' Poor Mr. Coventry !' said Grace, but with, \- |nn^an air rrf lTlfliftWpUCC. ' I hope I didn't do wrong, bnt when he asked after you so anxiously, I eaad, 'Come and see for yourself.' Oh, you need not look frightened-,, he is not coming. He says you are offended with bim.' ' Not I. What is Mr. Coventry to me ? ' Well, he thinks so. He says he was be trayed into speaking ill 'to you of someone who he thought was living; and now that weighs upon his conscience.' ' I fcau ''understand that. I am miserable, but let me try and be just ; papa, Mr. Coventry ?was trying to comfort me, in his clumsy way and what he said he did not iavcnt— he heard it; and so many people say so, that I— I— oh papa ! papa !' Mr. Garden dropped the whole subject directly. , ,, , ., However, she returned to herself, and said, listlessly, that Mr, Ceventry, m her opinion, had shown more generosity than most people ' -would in his case. She had no feeling against him*- he was of no more importance in her eye than that stool, and he might visit her if be pleased, but on one 'condition, that he should forget all the past, and never presume to speak to her of love. -'Love.' Men are all incapable of it.' She wrs thinking of Henry, even while she was speaking of his rival. The permission, thus limited, was conveyed to Mr. Coventry by his friend Carden ; but he showed no hurry to take advantage of it; and, \- as for Grace, ehe forgot she had given it. But this coolness of Coventry's was merely apparent. He was only awaiting tne arrival 01 . Patrick Lally from Ireland. This Lally was ; an old and confidential servant, who had served ; him formerly in many intrigues, and with whom he had parted reluctantly some months ago, and allowed him a small pension for past j services. He dared not leave the villa in charge j of any person less devoted to him than this -Lally. The man arrived at last, received minute in structions, and then Mr. Coventry vrent to Eastbank. He found what Beemed the ghost oi Grace i Carden, lying on the sofa, and looking on the j flea. At the sight he started back in dismay. ' What have 1 done ?' -?* Those strange words fell from him before he knew what he was saying. Grace heard them, but did not take the trouble to inquire into their meaning. Phe said, doggedly, ' I am alive you see, Nothing kills. .It is wonderful : we die of a fall, of a blow, of swallowing a pin ; yet I am alive. But never mind me ; you look unwell yourself. What is the matter P' ' Can you ask me P' At this, which implied that her illness was the cause of his, she turned her head away from him with ?weariness and disgust, and looked at the sea, and thought of the dead. Coventry sat speechless, and eyed her silent figure with miserable devotion. He was by her side once more, and no rival near. He set him self to study all her moods, and begin by being inoffensive to her ; in time he might be some thing more. He spent four days in Eastbank, and never uttered a word of love ; but his soft soothing voice was ever in her ear, and he won her at tention now and then ; not often. When he left her, she did not ask him to come again. Her father did though, and told him to be patient ; better days were in store. ' Give her time ' said he, ' and, a month or two hence, if you have the same feeling for her you used to ? have——' ' I love her more than ever. I worship her—— ' ' Then you will have me on your side, Btronger than ever. But you muBt give her time.' And now Coventry had anally far more powerful than himself, an ally at once zealous and judicious. Mr. Carden contented himself, at first, with praising him in general terms ; next he affected to laugh at him for renting the villa, merely to be in the place Grace 'had oc cupied. Then Grace defended him. ' Don't laugh at an honest love. Pity it, It is all we can do ; and the leant we can do.' But, when he advanced farther, and began to remind his daughter she had once given this gentleman hopes, and all but engaged herself to him, she drew back with fear and repugnance aud said, ' If he cannot forget that, pray let him never come near me again.' Oh,' said Mr. Carden, ' I believe he has no hopes of the] kind ; it is of you I am think ' ing, not of him. It has got abput that Little 3xad a connection with some girl in humble life, and that he was in love with her, and you in love with him. That wounds a father's pride, and makes me grateful to Coventry for kis un shaken devotion, whilst others are sneering at my poor child for her innocent love.' Grace -writhed, and the tears ran down her cheeks at this. 'Oh, spare the dead,' she faltered. Then her father kissed her, and begged her to forgive him ; he would avoid all these topics iu lubure : ana bo ne aia, tor some time, but what he had said rankled. A few days after this, Coventry came again, and did nothing but soothe Grace with words ; managed so that Grace should detect him looking very sad, when he was not actually employed in cheering her. She began to pity aim a little, and wonder at bis devotion, He had not been gone many ho'urs wnen another) visitor arrived quite unexpectedly — Mr. Raby. He came to tell her his own news and warn her of the difficult game they were now playing at Raby Hall, that she might not thwart it inadvertently. Grace was much agitated, and shed tears of sympathy. She promised, with a sigb,*t* hold no/ communication with Mrs. Little. She thought it very hard, but she promised. In the course of his narrative, Mr. Raby spoke very highly of Jael Dence, and of her conduct in the matter. To this Grace did not respond. She waited her opportunity and said keenly and coldly, ' How did Bhe come to be in your house ?' ' Well, that is a secret.' ' Can you not trust me with a secret ?' 'Oh, jes.' said Raby, 'provided you will promise faithfally to tell no one.' Grace promised, and he then told her that J ael Dence, in a moment of desperation, had thrown herself into the river at the back of his Mouse. ' Poor girl!' said he, ' her brain was mot right at the time. Heaven keeps us all from those moments of despair. She has got over it now, and, 'nurses and watches my poor sister more like a mother watching her child ttum ayoung',woman taking care of an old one She is the mainspring of the house.' At aU this, Grace turned from pale to white, but said nothing; and Raby ran on in praise of Jael, little dreaming what pain his words in flicted. (to be comrnruED.) 