THE SERGEANTS GHOST STORY Everybody, or nearly everybody, young or old, loves a ghost story. It is not necessary to believe in its truth to derive enjoyment from it. The more inexpli- cable it appears to our ordinary reason, the greater the charm that it exercises. Incredulity itself is pleased by a flight into the regions of the wonderful and the supernatural, as is evident from the satis faction derived by people of aU ages and nations from fairy tales, which nobody accepts for truth. But the fairy tale only appeals to the imagination. The ghost story goes deeper into the mysterious fountains of human nature, and touches on the confines of the great undiscovered land of spirits, whose secrete are not to be divulged on this side of the grave. Hence its charm and fascination, and hence everybody who reads or hears a ghost story, experiences a satisfaction, either in believing in it implicity, or in explaining it away by natural causes. A few years ago I travelled in a British colony in America. The Gover nor was absent in England on his holiday visit, and the duties of bis office were temporarily performed by the Chief Justice, aided by the Prune Minister, or Secretary of State. I was a frequent guest at Government House, and there became acquainted with an old soldier, one Sergeant Monaghan, who performed the part of orderly or messenger, and sometimes waited at table when the Governor had company. The manners of a colony are free and easy, and learn ing that the old soldier was a thorough believer in ghosts, and had one ghost story which he was fond of telling, I in vited, him to my room, treated hun to a cigar and a glass of grog, gave him a seat by the blazing wood fire, and prevailed upon him to evolve the story once again out of the coils of his memory. I repeat it, as nearly as I can, in bis own words. " You see," said Sergeant Monaghan, "Tim O'Loghlin was a delicate and wake sort of a boy. He had had a love affair in Ireland that weighed on his mind. He was a kind of cousin of mine, and served in my regiment as a private. Perhaps he would have risen to be a ser geant if he had lived, but, as I said, he was not strong. You may have noticed that from the gate of Government House, where the sentry- box stands, yon can see into the burial ground on the opposite side of the road. Not a cheerful eitua- I tion for Government House. But, how ever, all the best rooms look into the garden at the back, and the Governor need not see much of the burial-ground, except when he goes in and out. One foggy night, Tun O'Loghltn was stationed as sentry at Government House. It was full moon at the time, and the light upon the white warm mist that lay like an immense blanket over the earth, shone weak and watery-like. It was not a very thick fog, and did not bide objects at the distance of a hundred yards, but only re vealed them to make them look larger than they really were. I was in the guard room smoking my pipe, comfortably as I am now (either a pipe or a cigar, it's all the same to Sergeant Monaghan, if the bacca's good), when who should walk in but Tim O'Loghlin, with a face of such wild, blank, dismal terror, as I never saw before or since on a human being. It was fully an hour before his time to be relieved of dnty, and in leaving his post he had committed a very serious offence. I ordered him back to his post, but he sat down by the fire, and doggedly re fused to stir. " * What's the matter with you, Tim V said I. ' Are you unwell ? And why did you come off duty ? And if s I myself that'll have to report you.' " * You may report—you must report ; but I will not go back again, though I be shot for it. I have seen him.' " «Him ?—and who is him ?' ! " • Him ! Why Captain Percival. He came close up to me, and pointed to a man in the burial-ground digging a grave next to his own.' " The captain had died about a month ■ previously, and Tim, who was very much attached to him—and indeed everybody in the regiment was—had grieved very much about his death. He had acted as the captain's servant, and had received many favors at his hand, and poor Tim was a grateful crater. " • It's all nonsense, Tim,' said I. •Go back to your post, and in reporting yon, Fll make the best case out that I can foist you.' " 'Never!' said Tim, <ifl be shot for it.' "As chance and luck would have it, the doctor happened to drep in at this moment, and learning the circumstances that had induced Tim to leave his post, questioned him fully on the subject. But he felt Tim's pulse first, and there came over bis face an ex pression that I noticed, but that Tim did not, which said very plainly to me that he did not like the beat of it. Tim was confident that he had seen Captain Percival, and that the captain pointed out the grave which a man was digging alongside of his, own, and had distinctly told hun that he was to be buried there as soon as the grave was qnite ready. " 'And you saw the man digging the grave ? asked the doctor. "'Distinctly,' replied Tim; 'and you can see him, too, if you go immediately.' '"Do you go, Sergeant,' said the Doctor to me, ' and I'll sit with O'Loghlin till you return. I think yon had better detail another sentry in his place. Ib there any brandy to be got ? But stay ; it does not matter. I have a flask. And O'Loghlin, my man, you must take a pull at it; it is medicine, you know, and I order it.' "Tim was taking a pull at the flask as I ■went out. I thought it aossihle enough that the gravedigger might be at work, but I did not know what to say about the captain, except to think, perhaps, that Tim had. been dreaming, and fancied he saw things that had no existence. I got into the burial-ground without difficulty —the gate was not fastened—and went straight to the grave of Captain PercivaL There stood the gravestone, sure enough, with the captain's name, age, and date of death upon it, and a short story besides, setting forth what a- good and brave fellow he was, which, was all as true as Gospel. But there was no grave-digger there, nor no open grave, as Tim had fan cied. I went back, and found Tim and the doctor together, Tim not looking quite so wild and white as before, but bad and ill, all the same. " ' Well V enquired the doctor. "' Well!' I replied. ' There's nothing to be seen. It's just as I thought. Poor Tim's fancy has cheated him, and if a my opinion the poor boy is not well at aIL An' what am I to do about reportms; him?' "You must report him, of course/ said the doctor; 'but I don't think much harm will come to him out of that. O'lioghlin, you must go into hospital for a day or two, and I will give yon'some stuff that w^ll bring you out again right as a trivet, and you will see no more ghosts.' " Tim shook his head, and was taken quietly to tile hospital, and put to bed. The brandy had done him good ; whether it was all brandy, or whether there wasn't a drop of sleeping stuff in it, I can't say, but it's very likely there was, for the doctor told me the. longer he slept in reason the better it would 1 be for him. And Tim had j& long ; sleep, but not a very quiet one, for all that same, and tossed about for the matter of a dosen hours or so. But he never got out qf hed again. When I saw him at noon the next day he was wide awake, and very feverish and excitable. "' How are yon, Tim, my poorfeUow ?' said I, taking his which was very hot and moist. '< I've Been him again,' he replied. ' I see him now. He is sitting at the foot of the bed, and pointing to the grave yard. I know what he means.' " ' Tim, its crazy'that ye are,' said ij. "Xt fheek hi* hud mournfully. ' Hontgain,' ht rightd, ratlwr than mm, yeVa Man a lrina friend to me. Give that t« the little girl in Inland- yon know.' And he drew a photographic portrait of himself from under his pillow, tied round with a blue ribbon, from which depended a crooked sixpence with a hole in it. 'In a few days yell be laying me in the ground alongside the captain. Do ye see him now? he is leav ing the room, smiling upon me, and still pointing to the graveyard. lam no longer afraid of him. He means me no | harm, and it is no blame to him if he is sent to tell me to get ready.' " • Tim, yon are cheating yourself. What you're telling me is bU a waking drame. I can see no ghost.' "' Of coarse yon can't/ said Tim, ' the spirits never appears to two persons at once. But, Patrick Monaghan,' he added, ' let us talk no more on the subject, but send Father Riley to me, that I may unburden my sowl, and die in peace.' " It would have been cruel in me to have argued the'matter with the poor afflicted creature, and him such a friend of my own too, so I left him to go in search of the doctor first, and of Father Riley afterwards. They both came. What passed between Tun and the holy father, of course I never knew; but the doctor told me distinctly that Tim was in a very bad way. The stomach was wrong, the nerves were wrong, the brain was wrong ; in fact, he was wrong alto gether, and had a fever which the doctor called by a very grand and high- sounding name, which I did not hear very plainly, and which, if I did, I am unable to re member. Tim survived three days after this, sleeping and dozing, and talking in his sleep, and every now and then saying, amid words which I could not well put together into any meaning, ' I am coming, lam coming.' Just before he died, he grew more collected, and made me pro mise that he should be buried in the grave that had been dug for him by the side of the captain. I knew that no such grave had been dug as he said, and that it was all a delusion; but what was the use of arguing with a dying mm 9 So I promised of course, by my honor and by. my sowl, to do all I could to have his last wish gratified. The doctor promised also, and so did Father Riley, and I think poor Tim died happy. EUs last words, were something about the ribbon and the crooked sixpence, and the captain, the very last syllable being ' I come.' "We buried the poor lad in tire place assigned by himself, and I was so affected altogether by the sadness of the thing that I could have per suaded myself, in fact I did per suade myself, that I saw Captain Perdval in undress, or fatigue uniform, just as he had appeared to poor Tim walking past the sentry-box before the door of Go vernment House, and stopping every now and then to point at the grave; and the more I closed my eyes to avoid seeing him, the more permanently and clearly he stood before me." "' And are yon in any doubt on the subject now 7* I enquired, " And indeed I am," replied the ser geant, shaking the ashes from bis cigar with the tip of his little finger. " Tim must haye seen the ghost, and must have believed in him, and if I only saw it after Tim's death, it is bat another proof of what almost everybody knows, that two people never saw the same ghost at the same time. And ghost or no ghost, it is quite clear that Tim died of him, and might have bean alive at this mo ment but for the ghost's extraordinary behavior. But if s one of the questions that all the talk in the world can't settle." "Do you think Tim would have seen the ghost of Captain Percival, or anybody else, if he had been Bound in wind and limb, if he had been a strong hearty man with a good appetite, and an undisordered stomach?" "Can't say," replied the sergeant, taking a sip of his liquor, " The doctor thought not; but doctors dont know everything ; ani if there were no ghosts, why, I should like to ask, should the spirit of Samuel appear to Saul, and answer his questions}" " Well, sergeant," said I, "if yon are going to. the Bible for arguments, I shall shut up. Finish your glass, my man, and let us say good-night." He finished hia glass, he said good night, and walked away with the air of a man who thought he had had the best of the argument.— All the Year Bound. Best Food fob Ibtfahis.—•' H.B.H. Prince Albert Victor thrives so well npon it that it most be very good."—2l Jf. Kendall. Medical Attendant to H.B.H. the Prinetu «/ Wala. " This food resembles Mother's HOk as closely aa possible."— Dr. H. Barker on Sight Foodt for Infant*. "Highly nourishing and easily digested."—.Dr. HastaU, It combines the most valuable FusHaad Bohb fobiohqSubstahoeb, and differs essentially from other farinaoeoiu foods, which being quite unable to afford proper nourishment to a growing infant, frequently lead to a rickety and idiotic, condition. Savory and Moore's preparation hai also the advantage of being freed from the ground hoik of the com, which produoes irritation of the bowels and intractable diarriua*. No boiling or strain ing required. Sold in Tina. Prepared by Savory & Moore, 143, New Bond-street, Len don. Procurable of all Ohemista, Storekeepen, and Italian Warehousemen, dlk What lady will not own to a weakneu for real Hand-nude Lace? And oan it tie a mat ter of surprise when, of all textile fabrics, it is the moat beautiful and the most costly The oldest known description of Hand-made Laos is 'the "point lace," made by the Hani about the end of the fourteenth oentury. This laoe was nude by catting out figures, i* linen— called "foundationpieces"—which were worked over with thread of exceeding fineness until notavestigeof the foundation was discernible. These figures were •onseeted with each other by smaller figures likewise out out of linen, and similarly oovered with work. SometimM these figures were so minute that they oouuted of a •ingle fine thread worked over in somewhat Uie same manner as the "crochet* 1 of thepreaent day, but with thread of the moat gossamer-like description, whilst the taste displayed in the designs for these beautiful productions con stituted them quite works of art, and notwith standing the fairy-like fineness of the thread used, such was the wonderful durability of this description of laoe, thajt specimens of it are still to be met with, although the art of t"?*"*h: it was lost about 300 years ago. About the beginning of the sixteenth century a more easily made, and consequently cheaper style of laoe displaced the old, more artistic, and men costly description. About this time, alse, tike cushion, or " pillow*^ as it is generally called, came into use, on which a atnp of parchment, having the pattern required to he nude prioked on it, is placed. In these punctures long slender pins, manufactured for die purpose, called "lace pins,'* are piwHHi. azound which is twisted "lace thread" and "gimp" from a number of "bobbins*' as they are called, which are small pieoas c wood from three to four inches long, about the size of an ordinary cedar pencil, having small reels at one end, wound round, come with lace thread costing from 30s. to 455. per Ib.; others with " gimp, which is a larger and glossier thread, wiuah forms the heavier portion of the. pattern, the cost of which is from 12s. to 16s. per lb., accord ing to fineness. The qther extremity of these bobbini is Ksnerallj ornamented with various eolored beads, strong on ao aa to make them more readily distinguishable one from the other. To any one unaccustomed ta the art and mystery of latin "^ftTrinCi tiie continual •uming and twisting about of these bobbins appears to be as objectless an operation as can well be ima gined. Feasibly from this dnmmstanoe 'fussy** people who are continually moving about with out any apparent motive or object are said to be "bobbing abanV The principal hand-made laces now in use axe the "Maltese," and the " Heniton," the latter being the moat bean. tHul and valuable now made- in England. The manufacture of hoe by machinery began about the commencement of she present oanvury, and is principally cairied on at Nottingham. I The latescTSd motf *«ki?nable rtyles is [ maahine-TUide iaces are " The Duchess," " Malines," and "Banian," and so well ! and effective are they produced that they ; are sometimes sold for hand-niade laaca as an instance of thja we can state titatooe of the firm of NortiiasW % 00. recently saw in a country township machine-made Vssei which h&& bee? spjdfor ha«d-m«de at Ss,, Qs., 3s. fid., ! and Is. 6d. per yard, the town prices, of which f wen mpeotiwly H lid., la. Ud., 74d., and mewfter being the sonunoo cotton imit^. tion Oluny lace, which might h?v? been «h^ taised at almost any country store. Tu^dipivha are detiroui of oHtsiaing r«nl ha&dvma4e; lace would da well to send t^r «r3ers to some esta blished tradsE?ian vkbie trade and reputation • are aukd^dependent an his supplying a genuine apuejei, If good imitation laces are required ?7 tnteawi weald mall/ mi p* «*w or thi quantity N|eM> part at a Mit of a ftm ptnot, or If au4> made laoes are wanted. « slip of pane* or pattern of oommoa lace the requisite width, with an intimation of whether an open or close made pattern was required, or the pnrpote for which it was u> be used woold enrare asuitable and genuine article being tent. We may stale that in fairly good qualities of hand-made bee the following values can he aent to tile most < distant part of the colony bj pott for Two pehoi:— Real Honlton Lace Collarettes £30 to £50 worth I Beal Maltese Lace Collarettes and Ties £7 to £15 " Beal Maltose Laoe £5 to £10 " A reference to onr advertising columns will ahow that by the present and previous mail Messrs. Northmore h 00. have received a choice assortment of Beal Honitoa Collarettes, Mal tese Lace lAppeta and Collars, Imitation Laoe Collar*. Ties, Sleeves, Stomaeheti he. do 