CHRISTIAN CIVILISATION. , TsE foUowing is the second and concluding part of the sermon on Christian. Civilisation which Father O'Malley, S.J., preached in St. Francis' Church, Sunday, 25th. May:—r Supposing, then, the proud day arrived when the secularists shall have attained the summit of their humble wishes, the day when every man in England—and even in Ireland—Bhall be able to read, what reading have they prepared for the people ? Omitting scientific works, which will always be for the very few, there will be the pious class, which will continue to be very severe on the "ignorance, superstition, mental prostration, and atheism of the Roman Catholics." There will be the infidel class, which will grow every day more dogmatic in its views of the origin and end of man; degrading him to the level of the beast, but consoling him, by extending to him the beastly privilege ef irresponsibility. Then there will be. the immoral class: journals reeking with every impurity, and sold so cheap, that nobody will find it out of his power to poison his soul.. And there will be newspapers' which will not allow foul deeds to stagnate and rot in darkness, but will drag them forth to the light of day, and thrust them on the minds' of the young. St. Paul says " fornication should not be even named amongst us," yet it is not only named, but most minutely described, in the daily papers; and God only knows how many, who are not wicked enough to seek temptation of their own accord, but are too weak to resist it when thus forced upon them, owe their ruin to these prurient descriptions. I do not draw from these facts all the conclusions that I might. One is sufficient for my present purposes. Allowing—which I do readily—that the secularists would do more if they could, I content myself with concluding that if secular civilisation could do for the intellect of man even the little it proposes, that little would not be worth much. And what can Christianity do for the culture of the human intellect? Can it offer anything superior? Yes, a high order of culture, and for all. The principle we laid down just now, and which cannot be controverted, was: The higher the order of truth, the higher the culture of the individual and the civilisation of the State." Now the truths belonging to the supernatural order, are so immeasurably above those of the natural, that a single one of the former would outweigh all the latter. Place on the one side a CHBISTIAN-, utterly ignorant of worldly learning, unable to spell even his own name, but instructed in the Christian religion, and place on the other an atheist from the "gilded saloons" of London or Melbourne. Furnish him with every particle of profane knowledge any man ever possessed; condense into his single brain all the acumen of the wisest of men; bid him ransack nature till he has overturned her last secret; let him lay all his treasures before us till we are dazzled by the sight; and then let the CHEISTIAN step forward and say I BELIEVE IN GOD! and this single truth will outweigh all the knowledge of the atheist! And yet it is, as it -were, but the foundation whereon is built the magnificent system of Christian truths—the most important that man can now. Within the short short space of the Creed, he acquires, not the knowledge of " nature and man for its own sake," but the knowledge of a most wonderful mystery of the Divine Nature; and the knowledge of the origin and end of man; and of his relations with God J He learns that God is Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and is yet but One! A mystery so sublime that, without revelation, it would have never entered into the heart of man to conceive it; so sublime, that even after revelation it passes all human comprehension ! He learns that man is not an ape, but an intellectual being into whom God Himself has breathed the breath of life. He learns the ingratitude, disobedience, and fall of the first man, and the sublime problem God set Himself to solve. He would not pardon man without an infinite atonement. He alone was infinite, therefore he alone could make it. But man had offended, therefore He willed man should make it. And a MAN did make it, but that Man was God! for God, being unable to suffer, or demand pardon in His Divine Nature, the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity was conceived by the Holy Ghost and born of the Virgin Mary; that is,. He assumed a human nature, a body and soul like ours, by the power and operation of the Holy Ghost, in the chaste womb of a virgin, and was born man of her! and He suffered, in His human nature, real pain, and real death upon the cross to redeem and save us; and, Master of life and death—free among the dead (Ps. lxxxvii. 6) —He arose again, by His own Divine power, from the dead, on the day He had Himself appointed; and thus, as by dying on the cross, He proved Himself a real mortal man, so by raising himself from the dead, He.proved Himself God! Secularists may smile with lofty pity at the "ignorance and superstition" of us poor Catholics who believe these "dogmas." A poet who could weave a fable half as beautiful as this, would concentrate on himself the gaze of all ages, yet all men would know it was a fiction. But here the noblest intellects of Christianity bow downand worship, not the brilliancy of He fancy, irat the' revealed beauty of mwL natural truth. There is in fact no X" thing-as invention in either the material*, the mental world. What is called so is In reality but a . new combination of old fatS The mechanist , can but combine anew the "inventions" of other men,'the painter can but'reproduce the forms he sees, and if he could produce something entirely new he would not be understood; the poet , can but depict the passions, faults, and virtues of the human heart, and he could no more "invent" the august mysteries of the Trinity and. Incarnation than a man can form a conception of his own soul, or paint an angel! Wonderful, mystery! It is av soul that thinks and reasons, that animates my body, that is myself. Yet when I ask myself what it is—what I am—I know not I cannot by any effort conceive. I have then, in this evident limit of my own powers a proof that the sublime "dogmas" of Christianity never originated in the brain of man. And these are the noble truths that adom the intellect of the Christian. I am ashamed to have to confront them with the pitiful "culture" of the poor secularist. We have seen that reading is more than the most he will be able to hold out to the entire people; but let us suppose, that instead of being unable to bring them all up, even to the very lowest step of secular culture, he could bring them up to the veiy highest, and lay before them all the treasures of the fine arts and poetry, how immeasurably superior is the starving Irish peasantywho cannot read the unblushing pages of a secular newspaper, but who can say his CREED ! My nert proof of Catholic civilisation shall be drawn from the SIGN OF THE CROSS I admit that there does not at first appear any close connection between the 5 sign of the Cross and mental culture; but you -will in turn admit, when you will have heard the argument, that there is a most intimate connection, and I trust that you will henceforth make this Holy Sign with increased devotion and reverence, and teach your children to do the same. The Catholic Church commands the Catholic parent to anticipate the dawn of reason, by teaching the unconscious infant to make this Holy Sign, by forming its first faltering accents to prayer, and by watching for the moment when its little mind will have opened far enough to write thereon the name of God, One and Three! And the young Christian learns to repeat this Holy Sign, frequently—many times a day—particularly in all temptations and dangers, and before and after prayer, but always with great attention and devotion; and each time he does so in a proper spirit, the sublime truths of Christianity rise up before him, for the sign of the Cross signifies and brings to his mind the principal mysteries of Religion—the Blessed Trinity, and the Incarnation and Death of Onr Saviour. In making the sign of the Cross, we invoke the three Divine Persons, saying: " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holty Ghost." And as Our Saviour suffered death in human flesh on a Cross, the sign of the Cross must naturally remind all true Christians of His Incarnation and Death. Here, then, is the argument briefly. We admire the noblest philosophers of paganism if we can deduce from their writings the belief in only One God, and if they utter any sentiment worthy of a Christian; and here we find the very poorest Christian familiar with truths that soar bevond all imagination! And this sacred symbol, by which we at once profess and keep alive our Christian Faith, but which I should not be all surprised to hear ascribed to " ignorance and superstition," is ail unmistakable proof of the anriety of the Catholic Church to keep constantly present to our intellect the truths that civilise it, and to make us, " whether we eat or drink, or do anything else, do all for the glory of God," being, as we ,are, "fellow-citizens of the Saints and servants of God." There is just one thing which the poor secularist in his extremity might urge. He might say that I have changed the question altogether. The ' question was : "What is Civilisation?" and while professing to discuss, this, I am actually preaching Religion! and he might add—as I trust he would have the grace to do—that he is no foe to Christianity — that he wishes religion to be taught, though of course not in school time. I have not changed the question, I h&y;® answered it. I have removed the obscurity which secularism had thrown over the meaning of this word. Instead of accepting the arbitrary and absurd solution, that it means "wealth, and the pleasures wealth affords," I have taken the common idea, among all men, of Civilisation — mental culture—and I have laid down the broad principle which no sane man can contro- -vert.that TBUTH is the ornament of the soul, and that the higher the order ot truth, the higher the culture. Whence it follows, naturally and inexorably, that Religion is the highest ornament of the soul of man — a conclusion which is in the closest concord with the universal notion of men, that our Civilisation is due to Christianity, and which explains fully manner in which Christianity exercises its civilising influences. What is Christianity but the religion Christ taught? and what is Christian Civilisation,'but the effects produced on societyby this religion? Thus in the theory and practice of Catholic Theology you have a most magnificent 110 -A? oil ;fo RW>T+,n t.he most while in the secularist system all is con fusion, falsehood and impiety. It pretends to the very highest mental culture, yet rejects the highest order of truth It claims to be Christian, yet excludes religion—that is Christianity. A secularist has asserted and I have disproved, the atheistical tendencies of Catholicity. I shall now prove that secularism is atheistical. The word atheistical means godless or without a God; and in this system there is not a word about God. The author of the bill" will not even take religious instruction into consideration;" he actually holds out a pecuniary inducement to teachers to rive none. Therefore if the children brought up under the secular system, acquire any knowledge of God, it certainly will not flow from the system, but must trickle in from some other source, and m spite of all the secular precautions to exclude it. As secularism in its present stage does not go so far as to deny God openly, but merely ignores Him, it is not yet atheistical in the fullest sense of the word, but it is distinctly atheistical to the degree of declaring there shall be no God till the schoolmaster's work is done !* Fancy the upholders of such a system charging «« with atheism!!! That it will be morally impossible to teach religion out of school, and absolutely impossible to teach it in school, I showed on a former occasion, so that if this system which I have already convicted of injustice and religions persecution, and which I now prove guilty of atheism, continues, some will grow up without any belief in God, and nearly all without any practical religious knowledge of Him. The little pagan boys of Bome knew their arithmetic well.f but were ignorant of Christianity. In what respect will the little secularist boys of Melbourne be superior to them, when they leave the secularist schools with precisely the same knowledge and the same ignorance? , . . And this is what some secularists want— 10 " dogma"—that is, no doctrine ; that is, no religion. Others would be horrified at such an idea, and fondly imagine religion will be taught or learned some way. If their piety be but on a par with their simplicity, they must be really good persons. Bo they ever reflect on the meaning of the tame by which they allow themselves to be called ? SECULARIST means WORLDLING,! and Christ "is not of this world;" and "the whole world is seated in wickedness," and for this wicked "world He does not pray;" and as it" hated Him" and crucified Him two thousand years ago, it hates Him still, and will not " suffer the little children to come to Him!" Compare the maxims of Christianity with the maxims laid down by a famous worldling, and eagerly caught up by innumerable other worldlings— " As you would that men should do unto you, do you unto them in like manner."§ " If you see the strong oppress the weak, allow him to do so; do not interfere." " If a crime has been accomplished, do not undo it, but acknowledge that it is righteous." "It is lawful for Achab to take the field of Saboth," and for the "rich man who hath eiceeding many sheep and oxen to take the one little ewe lamb of the poor man."|! Does the Christian axiom mate good citizens—does it civilise? Do the worldly maxims make bad citizens—do they lead to Ind if, my Protestant fellow-citizen, those eye these words may chance to meet, if you should think that I am a "partizan," you, at all events, are not: will you, then, .y, by what right the man who has many places turns out of their homes into, the Etreets hundreds of poor men and poor women? How it is that he should have a right to what does not belong to him, and they should have no right to what is theirs ? How, if it be lawful for the ruler to dispossess those who live in the community, that they may be poor and mortified, it should not be lawful for him to seize the property of those who associate in the pursuit of pleasure or wealth ? The more you turn this over in your mind, the more clearly you will see that these deeds are evil—that worldlings, guided by worldly maxims, hate and persec »te those who are not of the world, "because they are not of the world,"H and taause their poverty, humility, mortification, and chastity are a reproach to the jtorld; just as Cain slew his brother Abel, "tecause his own works were wicked, and lis brother's just."** Therefore, while Christianity cultivates «ie mind of the individual, by implanting supernatural truth, and civilises society by •Jculcating the sublime axioms of the Gospel, tms godless, worldly system prospyes the soul in ignorance of aught pond this world; and uncivihses society, jf inculcating maxims , that aim at the -jstructicm of all " good citizenship." If a Christian does wrong, he does what his own Principles and his own conscience condemn, • Argus, July J3. 1872. , T t Horace," Ars. Poet." Utmuat aot be supposed that 1 bring this accn- "iion against them, merely because "worldling" "Wens to be the translation of,!' secularist," but, « with the word" civilisation," haying proved the ""•nag 0f the name, I call attention td'the exact- «ia WHhwhioh it expresses the thing.-. i. 6 XiuKeivl.31. . .. . .; „ II ni. Kings" xxi.; n. Kings xil. 1 Jo. XT. 19. ** 1. JO. Ill* 5, ut what is to restrain the worldling, to hom worldly axioms render all things lawul ? If the Christian is a good citizen, he s so because of his Christianity. _If a orldling is a good citizen, it is in spite of is secularism. I said that Christian civilisation conained all that is most excellent from a orldly point of view. Our foes contend, on the contrary, that the Catholic Church s averse to scientific progress. I have to efute this calumny, and make good what I have said. • I commence by denying absolutely that there is any worldly knowledge, properly speaking, apart from Christianity;—any knowledge of " nature or man for its own sake." All knowledge is truth, and all truth is but a stepping-stone from whence our soul may and should rise to the Author of all that is good and; true! God "has given the world to the investigation of man"* that "by the greatness of the beauty and of the creature, the Creator of them may be seen so as to be known thereby ."f " For the invisible things of Him, from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made: His eternal power also, and Divinity. J Therefore the knowledge of the noble things God has made—the knowledge of nature and man—is a noble Christian truth; but in Christianity it ranks after the knowledge of God, not before; and as the stream, if traced, leads to its source, so does the knowledge of the laws of nature and of the heart of man, his origin and destiny, lead us to the Eternal Source of Truth! To claim such knowledge as "worldly" is an impudent imposture, and to bid the human soul rest in it " for its own sake " is to prostitute it from its noble end, just as other sacred things may be prostituted. The smallest flower we heedlessly trample on is a minute picture of the Beauty and Power of God! Its delicate petals, its fragrance, its mysterious life! which we can so easily destroy, but which we can neither comprehend nor recall! yet how paltiy the knowledge of the poor worldling who contents himself with this for its own sake! But how sublime the thought of him who looks forward to the day when all the secrets of nature will be unfolded to his gaze! the wonderful mystery of Creation, the laws that govern matter, the vast spectacle of God's UNIVERSE, no longer seen dimly, as a few bright dots in space, but seen in its surpassing immensity; all that is most minute and all that is most gigantic equally displayed; the laws of heat and light and vegetation; enormous globes circling swiftly through immeasurable space! 'We can conceive the soul standing, as it were, upon the heavenly threshold, viewing the glorious scene, and then turning with love to ithe Great Artificer, and losing itself for eternity in the contemplation of His Infinite Beauty. CULTURE OF THE WILL. The object of the will is GOOD. Thereore its culture will be in proportion to its dhesion to what is good. We have been able, while discussing the t ulture of the intellect, to make abstraction rom the will, but we cannot, while treating f the will, leave the intellect altogether ut of consideration. The intellect, will, nd memory are, as we have seen, but one nd the same soul, and it is the soul that cts, now through one, and now through ore than one of its faculties. Thu3 the eflection that 2 and 2 make 4, is a pure ffort of the intellect, unaccompanied by ny motion whatever of the will; but the esire of having or doing anything always resupposes some apprehension that the hing is good.§ The intellect is, as it were, he eye, and the will the hand of the soul. f there were but these two noble faculties, here would be but little error and sin; for ne would unerringly point out "good," nd the other would hare no obstacle to vercome before embracing it. But we are ot pure spirits; we are "composed of oul and body," and as by the one we paricipate in the spiritual nature of the angel, o by the other we are chained to earth, nd constrained to take our place among he animals. Our bodies are, like theirs, subject to heat and cold and hunger, and like them, we are urged by a powerful and blind instinct of self-preservation. But though we are " animals," inasmuch as we have bodies of flesh " animated" by a vital, sentient principle, we are not "beasts," actuated merely by this blind impulse, but above it and totally distinct from it, our soul is adorned by the noble gift of reason. We have seen that the will cannot grasp its object without having had some previous apprehension that it is good. This apprehension may come from the reason, or from this animal instinct. If it comes from the former, the will should at once embrace it; but if from the latter, the will should first examine, is this object which is represented as good, really so. For the animal instinct conveys to the soul but one fact, that some things are pleasing to the body and some things unpleasant. As the inferior animals follow blindly their brute instincts—they have indeed no other— without iany evil consequences, it is evident that all these impulses are regulated for them within proper bounds; while the deplorable effects on man of indulging his passions, shows that they are not regulated for us, but that we ourselves must rule them by the light of reason—" granting * Eeclea. iti. 11- t Wlsd. xiiL 5. t Bom. 1.20.^ 5 -^noHnuUa cupido." Of the unknown there Is no deBire. hat they reasonably require, and refusing hat they unreasonably demand." The ravages of even a single vice— runkenness for instance—show that, even ithout looking beyond the welfare of the ody, the will must be accurately informed, ot of what is most pleasing to the body, ut of what is really good for it. But man is not alone in the world. He s a CITIZEN, and his duties are not confined o the care of the body; they regard his ellow-citizens, and those especially who are ore intimately bound to him—a wife, a arent, a child. For their sakes he must ften labour when he would wish to rest, nd deny himself when he would wish to ive himself up to enjoyment. Finally, man is a " fellow-citizen of the aints, and a servant of God." The society egun in this life should, in the design of od, continue in the next. But this can be nly by our serving Him faithfully here on arth that we may hereafter see and enjoy im for ever in heaven. We are now in a position to judge how he will is to be cultivated. Our duties owards God and towards our neighbour demand SELF-DENIAL. The senses insist upon SELF-INDULGENCE. They utterly ignore all duty, all idea of the future, everything except their present gratification; and most fiercely and unceasingly do they press their* unreasonable demands. Unfortunately, the intellect often allows itself to be rudely pushed aside by the furious passions that agitate the heart of man; and even when it urges on us our duty, it frequently does it so feebly that" the evil which we will not, that we do."* -- —r There are, therefore, two ways in which the will may be prevented from embracing what is good: either by not having its duty kept constantly and clearly before it, or bylacking the courage to do what it sees to be right. What doeB worldly and what does Christian civilisation towards illumining and strengthening it 1 Secularism bids us procure wealth wherewith to purchase pleasure! The very utmost it does, Is to commend the higher pleasures, and to condemn those which are purely animal. It neither teaches us our duty nor gives us strength to do it. It ignores it quite as much as our instincts do, but not being, like them, blind, it perceives that over-indulgence diminishes the capacity of gratification, and recommends a more lasting source of enjoyment. This consideration may preserve a cool, clearheaded, strong-willed man from excess— and for this I allow to secular civilisation whatever credit maybe due to it—but here ends its influence. It will not make such man 'a good CITIZEN ; it will not train, im to "merit the place destined for him in he next life; it will do absolutely nothing or him but teach him how he may obtain he greatest amount of gratification in this orld ! and for the weak and foolish, who re easily led, that is for those who most eed assistance, that is for the majority of en, it does not even so much! But Christianity bids us deny ourselves, ake up'our cross, and follow Christ. If the assions constantly importune us, it as contantly holds before our eyes the sublime ruths of the supernatural order; it points ut the appalling consequences of sin; it romises to virtue a "reward exceeding reat," eternal, infinite; it teaches us to ar upon our sinful passions and appetites, nd provides a remedy against our weakess by prayer. It teaches us to be good ITIZENS, by commanding us to "love, onour, and obey parents and superiors ; to rovide for our children, to instruct them nd all others under our care in the Chrisian Doctrine, and by every means in our ower to lead them to God; and, in fine, " to o unto men as we would that they should o unto us." There are two gates whereby principally he souls of unhappy men stream into hell wealth and impurity. Christ was poor nd was a virgin, and in His Church there have always been numbers of men and women who voluntarily embrace poverty and virginity. These stand on the very ighest pinnacle of Christian Civilisation. hey are the very best of citizens because by their example they allay the feverish greed for wealth and raise the standard of urity.f CULTURE OF THE MEMORY. Having treated so fully the cultivation of the intellect and will, we can briefly dispose of that of the memory and imagination, for it is really included in what has gone before. . The memory is the vast storehouse ot the mind, in which the intellect treasures up all the precious truths it has acquired, that they maybe forthcoming when needed It follows that nothing should be deposited there but what is good and true. Do these worldly newspapers which arrogate to themselves the right of keeping the entire community in order, deposit there anything which is not true or is not good i Do they recount robbery, oppression, persecution, with tacitr-and even with openapprobation, when we Catholics are the victims? Maxima debetur pueris reverentia. Have they for the young that reverence which the pagans possessed, or do they thrust into their tender minds the most revolting descriptions of vice, from the foul reek of which the memory can haxdly ever be thoroughly purified? » Rom. vii. 19. ; . tSee Balmei' splendid work] on European Civilisation. CULTURE OF THE IMAGINATION. Within this storehouse dwells a busy aculty, the imagination or the phantasy or. ancy, so called from its power of calling , p images before the mind. Its employent consists in wandering about among - he facts, good or bad, tru,e or false, laid up 1 n the memory. It is perpetually comparng one with another, ranging them in the ost capricious order, and continually proucing the most surprising or the oddest ombinations. It is to this faculty that hat are called inventions are due. In ome men it acquires from exercise the ost prodigious energy. When kept under roper control and properly guided, its serices axe invaluable; but when allowed to amble about unwatched, it is like a child andering through the house with a lighted andle, and when under the guidance of a orrupt heart, it can conjure images from ell. Judge of the use it is likely to make of he facts furnished to it by these very apers that declaim so loftily about our ignorance, superstition, mental prostraion, and atheism!" And what are the Christian uses of the magination ? To RISE FROM THE CREA- URE TO THE CREATOR ! Not to rest in the knowledge of it for its own sake!" To penetrate into the mysterious laws of this globe which God has given us to inestigate," by "imagining" from those hich fall directly under our senses,—those hich we witness only in their effects. nd when—to use the beautiful metaphor f an English prince of science*—" we have arried our feeble light a little way into the arkness that surrounds science," by raising our hearts thankfully to the God whose beauty is dimly shadowed in these noble aws, and by looking forward to the day when there will be no more "darkness," and when we shall see not only the creature but the Creator "face to face as He is!" And, nobler still, studying no longer the laws of inanimate nature, however beautiful, but gazing on the heart of man, to " imagine" the beauty of that poor heart when all its human infirmities shall have been cleansed away, and it has become a dazzling mirror, without spot or blemish, to reflect the eternal Sun of Justice !f To take what is most pure, most holy in human happiness, and from it " imagine" the happiness of Heaven! The love of the friend for the friend, of the parent for the child, the joy of meeting after long separation. " God does not call us His servants, but His friends."J He is "Our Father who s in Heaven ;" and, " after this our exile nded," we shall meet Him! To try to imagine" what that meeting shall be! nd from the greatness of our failure, to ather the "unimaginable" greatness of the lot to which He has destined ua ! Such, my fellow countrymen, is Catholic ivilisation; and such is yours as long as ou remain Catholic. You are not " ignoant, nor superstitious, nor mentally prosrate, nor atheistical." On the contrary, so long as you yield to no nation in atholicity, you are surpassed by none in ivilisation." But what if you allow our children to be brought up under system which I have convicted of ignorance, mental prostration, and athesm?" Can you claim the glory which atholicity has shed for ages over Ireland, f you do not cling to the Old Faith of reland? You know there are some mongst us who send their children to these odless schools—they bear our name and dishonour it. Use your influence, to induce hem to undo the grievous wrong they ork on those whom they are most bound to love. Tell them there is a world beyond this. Ask them how they can be guilty of such cruelty as to be indifferent to the eternal lot of those whom they have called into existence. And having done your duty to them, look to yourselves. Gloomy days are in store for you. Keligious persecutions has already set in, and you must choose between it and the abandonment of the Faith which your fathers died rather than abandon. In a few years we Catholics shall stand face to face with this godless system. The Protestant Churches are giving up to it their schools and their children, and in a generation or two « will have swept away every vestige of Christianity from these communions. The various Protestant names will probably still remain standing for some time longer, but they will no longer shadow anything Christian; and when they will have crumbled and tottered into oblivion, THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, FOUNDED ON THE BOCK OF CHRIST, WILL STAND TTNSHAKEN AS IT DOES TO-DAI! • Prof. Tyndall. \+ Mal. iv.2. { Jo. xv. 15. 6 This is no chance expression. I proved on a former occasion that the Education Bill is rigorously an act of persecntion. It threatens us with punisttment if we will not do what we believe to be wrong. See Advocate, March 22, and 29. THE S. A. Advertiser remarks:—" An instance of Imperial official ignorance of _Australian geography deserves to be recorded. A day or two since the Chief Secretary (Sir Henry Avers) received a despatch from the Colonial Emigration Commissioners (forwarded through the Colonial Office), which bore the following address :—' The Chief Secretary, Brisbane, South Australia.' The despatch was brought from England by the last mail, and went on to Brisbane, but the mistake having there been discovered, it was. posted to the Chief S=cretary of tuis colony, for whom it was intended." 