A MYSTERY OF THE SEA. The Gibraltar Chronicle relates a story which might have given a hint to Edgar Roe or Coleridge. The Dei Gratia, British ship, on 5th December, fell in with an American brigantine, the Mary Celeste, in lat. 38 20 N., and long. 1715 W. The master boarded her, and found her abandoned, from no apparent cause, hire was perfectly sound, had suffered from no storm, a small phial filled with nil being found perpendicular, and no thing whatever bad been injured. A sword which was in the cabin was found to be smeared with blood, the top-gallant rail bad marks on it of blood, and both bows ol the vessel had been cut with some sharp instrument. The captain's boots were of value, and there had been a lady and child on board. It is not mentioned whether the boats were gone, but the theory would seem to be that the crew, or part of them, murdered the ciphiin, ran the vessel towards the Azores, and escaped in the boats, carry ing oil" the lady and child with them. A FEMALE SAILOR. About three months ago, :v beardless, rosy-faced young person of some eighteen summers, rigged out in regular Jack Tar habiliments, made application at a cer tain Whitby office to be apprenticed to a vessel belonging to that port. Articles were signed binding the "smart-looking young man" for the usual term ol' appren ticeship, and the sailor-got safely lodged in his "bunk." Shortly afterwards the vessel sailed from "Whitby laden with coals for Malaga. During the voyage, which was a rough one, the new appren tice behaved "himself" like a man, doing the regular work, and seeming to have great pluck for going aloft, and perform ing duty there with such spirit that older hands were vallter astonished. No sus picions as to the real seal sex of the new apprentice were aroused until the vessel arrived at her destination, when the de ception was discovered, and tho new ap prentice lurried out to he a ioniale. h he young spark bade farewell, for a finie al least, and it is to he hoped l'or ever, to the rough work of a sailor, and donned the clothes of he sex. The captain of the vessel had the articles cancelled, and: re-engaged the apprentice as slew- avde.-.s for his ship, and after taking in a chrgo of esparto grass, left Malaga, and arrived al Aberdeen a day or two ago. Main." a laugh the sailors enjoyed as lite yarn of the doings of the female sailor went round during the homeward voyage. The "new apprentice" is a stoutly-built female, and as her hair is not very long, she lias a thoroughly masculine appearance, and it would have been a sharp eye that could have detected the deception when dressed as a sailor. We hear that the female will give no reason for the foolish Iroak. It it thought she is a native of Whitby. 