BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) IN last week's issue appears a letter signed D. D. Bower. That gentleman has thought fit to honour me with a considerable amount of impertinence, abuse, and juvenile insolence, and for what ? Because I, as secretary to the Blackwood Railway Com mittee, stated in the Express that we would stand or fall with Daylesford, and that I challenged the writer to produce reliable statistics in support of his scheme equal to those presented to Mr. Gillies by the Dayles- ford Borough Council and the Blackwood Railway Committee in June last. I'm at a loss to know what there is in those state- ments so offensive as to arouse the ire of Mr. Bower. It is quite evident that he has been suffering from a bilious attack, and is making an unusual effort to get rid of it. But that is not all; when he gets me to Coimadai (near to his own house, I suppose) he purposes giving me a severe flagellating with his supposed statistic cat. Now, Mr. Editor, you know what a thin-skinned and nervous subject I am, that I have no doubt you have deeply sympathised with me under the harmless cudgelling inflicted by D. D. Bower. I have an impression that he is very fond of seeing that name in print. Well, a little youthful vanity is excusable. But to be serious, I beg to inform Mr. Bower that I decline to enter the arena with him or any other correspondent in an ungentlemanly and personal abusive contest. At the same time I am prepared to defend our position relative to the Daylesford and Blackwood line against him and a thousand spectacled observers. Let them confine themselves to truthful statements, backed by valuable facts and figures. Well, Mr. Bower, I shall calmly and patiently wait until you produce your statistics; I hope they may be really good, and that you may get your line. At the same time we are the best judges of what route will suit us best. How is it, Mr. Bower, that you, a constant reader of the Express, did not take action long ago ? I think I am correct in stating that your first letter appeared in the Express after our deputation had waited upon Mr. Gillies in June last. You must have been aware, previous to that period, that Daylesford and ourslves had been agitating the matter, and had given a large amount, of time with a considerable amount of money, is collecting reliable statistics, yet you, all the while, stand with folded arms. When you are made aware that a survey was promised our joint deputation, then you conceive another project, endeavouring to draw Blackwood into your scheme. In conclusion, I inform you that Daylesford, Trentham, and our- selves, have collected upwards of £20, a great portion of which we have expended in collecting statistics, corresponding with other places, also in corresponding with members of Parliament, and in sending a deputation to Melbourne. We have still a few pounds in hand, to meet contingent expenses, and the result of our efforts is as follows :-A promise from the Minister of Railways to cause a survey to be made, and to include our line in his next Railway Bill. This is our position, and we intend to stick to it. On Tuesday last a gentleman living by the roadside at Red Hill gave it as his opinion that there are not less than 50 horses con- stantly engaged in carting goods to Black wood, I may add that a considerable num- ber are engaged carting from Kyneton, which come a different road, and are not seen by my informant, I have no doubt but that our Railway Committee will prepare fresh statistics, to present to the new Par- liament, and I feel persuaded that there will be an increase of 50, in some things, and in others 100 per cent. over those presented in June last. On Friday evening, the 14th inst., the Adelphi Lodge of G.U.O.O.F. gave a ball and supper at Mrs. Paulson's Hotel, Barry's Reef. Seventy-two ladies and gentlemen attended. A little after 8 o'clock dancing commenced, and was continued to 1 o'clock, when the company sat down to an unusually good supper, which for variety, quality, and general excellence, has not been surpassed if equalled on Blackwood. Bro. Dunlop, N.G., presided, Bro. Kelly, V.G., occupied the position of vice, The Chairmnan and Vice were supported by Bro. Mifflin, D.M.; Bro. Jole, P.N.F., and other brethren. The Chairman gave "The Queen." The Vice "The G.U.O.O.F." Bro. Mifflin respon- ded, and gave " The Adelphi Lodge." Bro. Dunlop responded. Bro. Jole " The Ladies." Bro. Vinson P.N.F. and S. responded. All the toasts were drunk with musical honours. I am informed that Mrs. Paulson, the hostess, provided a superabundance of eat- ables of the very best quality, After supper, dancing was resumed, and kept up with great spirit until long after chanticleer had proclaimed the morn. Barry's Reef Wesleyan anniversaries.--On Sunday last the Rev. Mr. Royce conducted services in the Wesleyan Church, morning, afternoon, and evening. At each service the church was crowded; in the afternoon and evening it was uncomfortably full. The rev. gentleman selected the following texts: \--Morning, Matthew xiii, 5 ; afternoon, Matthew xiii, 6; evening, 1st Peter, 1st chapter, last clause in the 12th verse, The morning and afternoon sermons were really good, but the evening service was unusually good, The collections after each service were good. On Monday a public tea meeting was held in the same church, presided over by Mes- dames Nice, Mounter, and Snell, and Misses Trewhella and Mounter. The tables literally groaned with the good things provided in such abundance by a few of the Barry's Reef ladies. Everything was got up in a superior manner, and notwithstanding the soaking rain the attendance was good. After tea a public meeting was held, Mr. Walker in the chair, The 225th hymn was sung, after which the Rev. Mr. Royce engaged in prayer. The Chairman made a few remarks, and called upon the Secretary to read the financial report, which was a cheering one, the Treasurer having a good balance in hand. The choir sang " Shall we gather at the river," after which Mr. Barkla delivered an excellent address on woman, taking as his ground "Woman's influence and woman's rights." The subject was handled in a judicious manner. He was followed by Mr. Garland, who dwelt at considerable length on apostolic succession. His manner and matter were exceedingly good, and I would say in all kindness to Mr. Garland that I hope he will continue to speak in his own original, natural, and interesting way. This he did on the present occasion, and was very successful. Choir " Resting bye-and-bye." The Rev. Mr. Royce followed with an eloquent and interesting address. He said he did not believe altogether in Mr. Garland's views of apostolic succession, He agreed with Dr. Cumming, not in a horizontal but a perpen- dicular line coming down direct from Heaven. He believed in the baptism of the Holy Ghost; its holy influences were seen and felt on the day of Pentecost, at the Reformation, and in the days of Whitfield and Wesley. He said it was the privilege of the Church to obtain similar baptisms, and he asked the Church if they were living, praying, and expecting it. If so, and they continued faithful, the same results would follow. Mr. Hall proposed, Mr. Warren seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies, Mr. Barkla respon- ded. Choir sang "The Prodigal's return," On Sunday next the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch will preach in the Episcopalian Church, Red Hill, morning at 11; evening at 7 o'clock, The Archdeacon is a great favourite here, and no doubt the congrega- tions will be large. On Tuesday evening the Good Shepherd Lodge of Good Templars gave a free enter- tainment. Mr. Walker, W.C.T., presided. He stated that the audience would perhaps feel disappointed that the musical part of the entertainment was left out, in conse- quence of the choir suffering from severe colds. The readings, &c.;, proceeded in the following order:-" Mark Twain's satire on the Tennessee sub-editor," Mr. Jos. Wil- liams; " A touching reproof," Mr. Whit- ney; song, "What my sweetheart said to me," Mr. W. Snell; " You'll be the next," Mr. Beart; address on snakes by Mr. Gar- land. The speaker was very successful. There was a considerable amount of wit and humour in the address. He gave a descrip- tion of the different species of snakes, their deadly bites, and showed that there was a monster snake called strong drink; there were the following species--Mr. Jas. Hen- nessy, Mr. Jamaica, Mr. Hollands, or square- bottled-bob, then there was the monster snake, the oak in hogsheads. These snakes were retailed; and strange to say, our parental government issued licenses to individuals to sell snakes. The address was quite original, and was received with great applause. The Rev. Mr. Smith followed by reading the Dean of Canterbury's golden advice to speakers, also Shiel's reply to Lord Lyndhurst. Both pieces were remarkably well rendered. In addition to the readings the rev. gentleman gave some excellent advice to readers and speakers, also referred to the great want of a piano. (Great applause.) Mr. Cairnes, in first-class style, read from Charles O'Malley, about the interview of the editor a newspaper with Mickey Free. The rendering of these by Mr. Cairnes was superb, and much applau- ded. Reading, " The vagrant and his dog," Mr. G. Daley; reading, " Sam Weller's evidence in the case of Bardwell v. Pick- wick," Mr. Beart. Mr. Williams and Mr. Whitney were very successful in their readings. They were loudly applauded. In fact, all the readings were good, and the audience appeared to be well pleased. The chairman announced that there would be another entertainment in a month, and that efforts would be made to got up some pieces of music for the occasion. It is to be hoped the Mechanics' Committee will, with out delay, endeavour to procure a piano. We are promised the services of ladies who play remarkably well. Messrs. Mounter cleaned up on Wednes- day; they had 325 oz. 18 dwts, of gold. This return gives each shareholder a large dividend. The Great Tunnel Co. cleaned up on Saturday; they received 40 oz. 8 dwts. of gold. The British Lion cleaned up on the same day; they had 25 oz. 19 dwts. of gold. 