T?I DUTY OD I LIFE INSUI.ANOE. -Many a man will work unremittingly the main part of his life to accumulate money he cannot himself directly use, and plead that he must provide for his family; but if life insurance is suggested, ton to one he will evade it, for the reason that it is no benefit to himself; or if not that excuse, he will give an equivalent one. Few men, however, will give as unqualifiedly selfish an answer as.. the above, though doubtless equal selfishness lies at the bottom of many of the equivocations by moans of which men dodge this manifest duty to the family. Of course, if a man has no wife, no children, no near and dependent relative, he is justified-at least in men's eyes-in appropriating every dollar ho can honestly obtain to his own personal gratification, either by spending it or hoarding it. A married man's money, however, is not his own; he is justly the debtor of those whom he has made dependent upon him, and it is a small portion, not of his own, but of their money, which it is his duty to invest in a way that shall not be __L" _a .. . _ __ __.1_... 1:. ....nnm mnn) There are, however, many undecided pro orastinatingpoople in the world, who, though they never deny the obligation to their families, are never ready to do them justice by securing them against the exquisite misery of genteel poverty in after years. Many a man who feels genuine pity for a snubbed poor nephew or niece, or a widow who has neither money nor youth to aid in smoothing the asperities of an objectless life, takes no precaution to guard his own wife and children from the same fate. " A good man leaveth an inheritance." The selfish man and the procrastinating man also loeaves an inheritance, but it is too often a legacy of grievous wrong. A recent writer-to one of the magazines-on the subject of " getting on in the world," says: "If you are ever seized with a generous instinct, and there is no doubt about the fitness of the object, give way to it at once. Don't take a few hours to think about it, a night to sleep over it, and so forth. The shock of such an impulse never occurs twice with the same force. The best time for doing a good action is very often the only time, namely, the present." There is really more worldly wisdom in the quotation just cited than most men are ready to admit. How much misery could be saved if more men would give way to the generous impulse when it does come.-New York Chronicle. A STRnoo-FISTED Wonor.--The Pall Mall Gazette says :-Women will be glad to hear that a lady in Pennsylvania has just distinguished herself by an act of bravery which that cowardly creature, man, would hardly have dared to perform. About three weeks ago a party of young ladies went out from Queen's Run to the mountain at the back of the settlement to gather huokloberries. One of them-Miss Jerusha Bryan-advanced a little further into the woods than the others, when she heard a rustle of the boughs, and was immediately confronted by a huge panther. Her com panions sought safety in flight--and, indeed, most young ladies under such circumstances would have been almost justified in indulging in an hysterical attack, but Miss Bryan is far too strong-minded a person to give way to such weakness. Seizing a huge pine. knot, she at once gave her enemy battle. The contest was for a short time severe, but "human courage, judgment, and coolness soon triumphed over brute strength," and the heroic girl soon had the satisfaction of seeing the bloodthirsty monster lie dead at her feet: Her garments were torn, and her face and arms badly scratched, but she nevertheless tripped home with a bounding step and the light of triumph in her eye. The dead panther was afterwards measured by the people of Queen's Run, and proved to be six feet and ten inches long. 'Miss Bryan is quite the lioness of the neighbourhood, as she well deserves to be; and although, no doubt, she will make a brilliant match, it is much to be regretted that she is not likely to bestow her hand on one of our British working men, who would think twice before he attempted to kick with a hobnailed boot one so admirably qualified to hold her own with a wild beast. AROIRDEAo0N DENIO oN o THE CONrES sconAL.-Archdeacon Denison, in preaching on Sunday before the chief-baron of the ex chequer, the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the mayor and corporation in the Wells Cathedral, dwelt at considerable length on the severe crisis through which, he said, the Church of England was now passing in oon nootion with the question of confession and absolution. Of the abatement of that so-. verity he aw no prospect. A glorious op portunity was now vouchsafed to the re formed Church of England to come to the front. It was required of every member of the church who found himself unable to quiet his conscience by confession to God to go to God's priest to confess himself. It was an integral part of the commission received of the Holy Ghost by every priest at the hands of his bishop that he should hear the penitent's confession, and when he saw fit give him absolution. The words spoken by Jesus Christ to His disciples on the day of the resurrection, when He gave the mission to evangelise the world in His name, wore put by the church into the mouths of her bishops when they conferred the order of priesthood: " Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of the church of God now committed unto theeoo by the im position of our hands. ? Whose sins tliou doet forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou doset retain they are retained." But in the face of the plain natural meaning of the words in St. John's Gospel and of the parallel places in Holy Scripture, it was commonly denied 'hero in England that Jesus Christ gave to man the power to for give or to withhold the torgivenoss of sine in his name, and it was contended, there fore, that the PrayorrBook could not moan wlhat it said on behalf of the reformed church. Now, it was a dangerous thing, especially in a. country where people liked plain epeaking, tO toll thoem that the SorlIp tures or the Prayer-Book did not'moan what they said; and he affirmed in the most for mal way that the premise and the conclusion were alike false. Private confession and ab solution had shared the common fate of truths obscured by man's misuse or disuse, or both, and when the providence of God revived the perception of truth obscured and of pious observances neglected, it was part of the punishment of past blindness and un thankfulness that the revival, instead of being welcomed as being, what it was, an outpouring of the spirit, was regretted as in itself unsound and untrue. If Scripture said one thing in England and the Times newspaper another, 500 out of 510 people would believe the Times. A primary truth of the gospel, an observance under given conditions, imperative on priest and people, a law and ordinance of the church, testified by the greatest names, had fallen with doubt, but that it still existed as a law in some shape could not be denied. After some further observations, the Archdeacon went on to say that the two places in which the doctrine of private confession and abso lution was set forth in the Prayer- Book were the order of the administration of the Lord's Supper and that for the visitation of the sick; and towards the close of his address, contended that to restrict confession and ab solution to the deathbed or to oases of gross sin was very like to restricting repentance to such cases. He cited the names of forty two archbishops and bishops and twenty nine priests of the reformed church who have borne testimony to what he maintained was the true teaching respecting confession, adding that these names did not represent the whole value, much loss the amount 'of the testimony, any more than the memorial of the four hundred and eighty-three clergy represented the value of the amount of earnest longing within the reformed church for the several things set down in it. The archdeacon also quoted a passage from the Bampton Lectures, written by the present Bishop of Salisbury, in favour of confession and absolution, alleging that the great de fect in the passage was that it seemed to restore confession and absolution .to the dyiig-bed. The archdeacon concluded by expressing his gratitude to the Almighty that priests by thousands wore teaching and practising private confession, and that the laity by tens of thousands were rejoicing in the comfort which was thus afforded. "Wanted, expert needlewomen to make babies' bodies 1"-" Well, that beats all " exclaimed Mrs. Partington, throwing down the newspaper in which, during the last fifteen minutes, she bad been spelling out the'adver tisements, and peering indignantly over her spectacles across the breakfast-table at Ike, who was busily engaged in excavating his fourth eggshell. "Did ever anybody hear the likes? I always said it was as good as tellin' natur' she didn't know how to do her own work when they instructed steam-rams and donkey-engines. But this imposterous idea of making slop-work babies is enough to make the poor thing throw down her tools and shut up shqp altogether. Mark my words, Ike- them sewin' machines will be pressed into this 'ere newfangled business afore long; and then all the emigratin' in the world, won't be able to keep down the surplus population. The Shah's talismans are numerous, being about two hundred in number. The most important is a five-pointed golden star, 'eaoh point ornamented with a diamond. Accord ing to Persian sorcerers, this has the pro perty of compelling conspirators to confess their projects, and it is called Mirzoum. A small cube of amber is the next in) import ance. It bears the name of Amerhad, and is believed to render the Shah invulnerable; consequently he always wears it around his neck. A gold box, studded with emeralds, having been blessed by the prophet, renders members of the royal family invisible, but on certain conditions, which has prevented his Majesty from testing its power, although he firmly believes in the box, which is called Khamen. The diamond Hydaob, a splendid stone, ornaments the hilt of one of the Shah's. sabres, and renders its possessor 'in vincible;' but the present monarch has not had occasion to use it. Another, talisman, endowed with similar properties, is a denti lated khangiar, but as the destinies will that whoever uses it shall perish by.it, it remains carefully enclosed in a coffer of sandal wood, on which is engraved a verse of the Koran. Oarpets, though bought by the' yard, are worn by the foot. 