Aquatics. BALMAIN REGATTA. Patron: His Excellency Sir Hercules G. R. Robinson. President: Mr. George Wigram Allen, M.L. A. Vice President: Mr. F. H. Trouton, Mayor of Balmain. Umpires : Mr. J. Broomfield and Mr. F. Curtis. Starter : Mr. W. Deloitte. Treasurer . Mr. Q. L. Deloitte. Hon. Secretary : Mr. W. K. Chapman. Committee : Messrs. J. L. Adorns, T. R. Allt, T. J. Brady, J. Broomfield, W. K. Chapman, F. . Curtis, Q. L. Deloitte, W. Deloitte, W. Harpur, R. Johnson, W. Marshall, T. M'Gregor, Captain M'Lean, Captain Randall, Captain Rowntree, Messrs. J. C. Smith, J. See, J. Storey, a. u. j. ronton, jj,. woisien holme. The Balmain regatta of 1873 is now an event of the past. It came off on Monday pmidst considerable eclat, the exer tions of the committee having ensured an excellent day's sport. The weather on the previous evening was rather doubtful, and on the following morning, with the stiff southerly breeze, and lowering-looking clouds skirting the southern horizon, it was not very reassuring. The day however proved to be remarkably fine. If any fault could be found it was that the wind was slightly too boisterous for the pulling matches ; though, as it is an ill wind that blows nobodv good, the sailing craft reaped the advantage. The contests'were witnessed by several, thousands of people. The flagship was moored off Darling-street, which place was crowded with people. Probably not less than from four to five thousand persons were congregated on that point, so favourable for obtaining a good view of the various events. The only accident that occurred was a very slight one— namely the running into a skiff by the yacht Osprey. There were two men and a boy in the boat, which was completely stove in, but they were all picked up by the crew-of the yacht. Accidents would probably have been much more numerous had it not been for the watchful care of senior-sergeant Ferris and his crew of water police, whose exertions to keep the course clear were very praiseworthy. The Cathcart, of 1387 tons register, did duty as flagship, having been courteously placed at the disposal of the regatta committee by her commander. Captain Crawford. The stately vessel was moored in a good position for viewing the raees. Her seamen had ' cleared tne deck, stowed the yards, and boused everything tight' for the occasion. Awnings were erected from stem to stem to 'intercept the rays of old Bel, and every possible arrangement made for the comfort and convenience of visitors, of whom there were six or seven hundred. The vessel, moreover, was gaily j decked out, festoons of bunting depending from every - mast; and an animated and picturesque appearance she presented when ' upon her decks were gathered young and old.' There were music and dancing to diversify the prmiBcmPntK of the day. And soon after 1 o'clock a very large company sat down to an excellent luncheon prepared by Mr. Pfahlert, of the Exchange. The roomy 'tween decks of the Tnngnifirent vessel afforded ample accommodation for the party. The following is a detailed statement of the events. First — Skiff Dingies under canvas ; boats not to exceed 19 feet ; fixed centre-boards or fins allowed ; skiffs under 19 feet to receive one minute per foot. Course : From moorings off A. S. N. Co.'b Slip round Fort Denison, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back to flagship. First prize, £10 ; second, £2. Entrance, 10s. I Ettie— S, H. Hyam, 18 feet ., ?? 1 1 Desdemona— G. Holmes, 17 feet — Red 'flag .. ?? Leisure Hour— J. G. Myers, 17 feet ; , ? ? ?* Alice — J. Milsom, 19 .feet Edith — R. Milsom, 19 feet Arrow — H. Ireland, 19 feet. ' _ All the boats got -away well together, Leisure Hour slightly leading with Ettie in close attendance. On the run down to Fort Denison Ettie took first place, mm rounded the flagship, followed by Leisure Hour, Desde mona, Edith, and Alice in the order named. After coming back from Fort Denison the second time Ettie was still leading, and Desdemona had changed places with the Leisure Hour. Ettie won the race with 8 minutes to spare. Second Raoe. — All amateurs pulling a pair of sculls, in light skiffs. Course; From, flagship round boats off Perkin's Point, round Dolphin off Pyrmont Bridge, and hack to flagship. First prize, £10 ; second, £2. En trance, 6b. BarbjE. Trickett .. .. .. ?? J Tasman, J. Lynch . . . . ? ? ' £ I'll Try, E. Colebrook .. .. ., ?? ' Tim Wbiffler, W. .Lyons Terror, E. Shepherd. . This. was a very good race, but much of the interest was lost through two of the competitors mistaking the coarse. Lynch, who. is oaid to be' the champion sculler of Tasmania, went away with the lead, but Trickett passra. him fit Perkins' Point, and held the lead until the finish. Lynch pulled a good . second, Colebrook being third. Lyons and Shepherd rounded the wrong boat off Snail's Bay, and consequently had no chance of tne prize. Third Race. — Amateur Sailing Club Race. — OwnTiandi- cap. Course: First-class— From moorings in Johnstons Bav round red buov off Fort Macquarie, round flagship, round boat moored off Shark Point, back to and round flagship. Second-class — From moorings in Johnston's Bay round Fort Denison, Tound flagship, round boat moored off Shark Point, back to and round flagship. Third-class— From moorings in Johnston's Bay round Fort Denison, round flagship, round Shark. Isiand, back to and round flagship. Prize, £10, supplemented by a similar prize from A. S. Club. Entrance, 10s. FIB6T-CLASS. Kingfisher— C. Bransby — scratch .. ? ? 1 Firefly — W. Melville — 3 minutes . . . . . . 2 Stormy Petrel— S. Dodds— 1 minute Sea Gull— F. Blake — 2 minutes Wyvern— P. Rich — Bcrateh Bronte — J. B. Holdsworth — 2 minutes. SEC0ND-C1A8S. Cythia— F. Bremer— scratch . . .. ? ? 1 Lunette— J. Harding— 3 minutes .. ..2 Inca— J. Amora— 6 minutes Gazelle— J. Robinson— 4 minutes L-Idee — B. Boak— 4 minutes Cadet— H. Stephens— 7 minutes. THIRD-CLASS. Undine — J. Hills — scratch . . . . . . 1 Emma— J. Muston — scratch . . . . . . 2 Alice — j. Milson— 3 minutes Kusarawa — BL- Lane — 2 minutes. The sixteen boats starting away in a ruck the instant the signal was made presented a magnificent spectacle. In pas sing by the flagship Kingfisher had the lead, and she kept throughout the course. In rounding the flagship after it visiting the red buoy off Fort Macquarie, Kingfisher had a lead of about half a mile. Then followed Firefly, with Stormy Petrel to the rear. Of the second class boats, Cythia took her turn round the flagboat first, Lunette second, and lnca third. Kingfisher came in winning, with about eight minutes to spare ; Firefly second. In thesecond division, Cythia was a long way ahead of her competitors ; but between Emma and Undine there was only a difference of about half a second. The Bronte filled off Kiribilli and went down, giving her crew a cold bath. Fourth Race.— For Junior Scullers, who have never j won a prize, members of the S. R. Club, pulling two pairs sculls, in S. R. C. skifls, with coxswain. Course : From Peacock's Point round flagship, round Dolphin off Pyrmont Bridge, and back to flagship. Prize, trophies. Entrance, 10s. Faust— H. W. Abbott, M. H. Fitzhardinge .. .. 1 Rivulet— F. B. Hall, F. H. Williams .. ,.2 Elvira — T.H.Hale, G. K. Clarke., .. ..3 No sports ought to be more popular amongst us than aquatics, seeing that we have one of the most suitable and magnificent harbours in the world for the contests. Yet it cannot be denied that this class of sports has, during the last few years, degenerated very much in the estimation of the public. The reason that most prominently suggests itEelf for the decline is that there are now more numerous and diversified attractions held out to holiday seekers than when aquatics were in the ascendant in Port Jackson. But a few years ago, people could ensconce themselves in many a sylvan nook contiguous to the scene of action. But these spots have been invaded by the builder, and people appear to find it very much more comfortable to take steamer for one or other of the many romantic retreats now open to excursionists. And from almost any part of the harbour quite as much of a regatta as is likely to afford delight can be seen as well, and perhaps better, than from the flagship or any point within its immediate vicinity. In fact, the finest 6ight connected with aquatic Bportsisthe vessels speeding along the gleaming waters under full sail. One has to go down the harbour some distance to witness the sailing craft to perfection. And comparatively few persons are in a position to follow the competing beats. Then there is always a great drawback on account of the difficulty of distinguishing one boat from The three competing boats got well away together, but passed by the flagship in the following order: — .Faust, Elvira, Rivulet. Theresas some fine pulling displayed by each of the crews. Abbott's coxswain steered a first-rate course, and to his management a great deal of the success of this crew is to be attributed. Rivulet came in a good second. 'Fifth Race.— Intercolonial Champion Gig Race.— For all bona-fide amateurs, that is, those who do not gain their living by manual labour, pulling four oars in Btring-test gigs, not exceeding 42 feet overall, with coxswains. Course : From Pyrmont Bridge, round Goat XBilUiU, 1UU11U UIC uuin uuiucu uuuui Ui 0UUUSWU D xray, and back to flag&hip.; Prize, trophies value £30. Entrance, £2 2s. Elvira- T. W. Smith, W. C. B. Tiley, R. A. Clark, P. J. Clark, Btroke ; coxswain, L, M'Kay . . . . 1 Adelphi— Beauchamp, W. Cope, M. A. H. Fitzhar dinge, J. Blaxland, stroke ; coxswain, J. Miller . . 2 This should have been the leading event of the day, but owing to circumstances mentioned above, a great deal of the interest was lost The Sydney Rowing Club, however, furnished two fine crews, with whom any intercolonial competitors would have found it a hard tussle. So much had 1 seen said about the two boats that the race was pulled in, such varied opinions were entertained as to their re spective merits, that the movements of both were watched with ? great eagerness. Blaxland' 8 crew pulled in a beat recently built by Green, whilst Clark's crew were fortunate in having a gig built by Greenland, of Melbourne. The latter gig was sent here by her builder as the faBtest boat he could turn out, and Green has had the advantage of being able to see lier daily, and improve on her model in constructing his own boat. Green's boat i6 42 feet in length ; width amidships, 2 feet 6 incles ; spread, 2 feet 11 inches ; seats apart, 3 feet 1 inch ; poppets from seats, II inches ; depth from stem, 11 inches ; work above seat, 9 inches ; depth aft, 5 inches. These dimensions are less than the dimensions of any string-test hitherto built in the colonies by some inches. The Melbourne boat is much larger in every way except length. She is 42 feet long; width amid ships, 3 feet 1 inch ; spread, 3 feet 4£ inches ; seats apart, S feet 3 inches ; poppets from seats, 1 foot J-inch ; depth from stem, 11 J inches ; work above seat, 9| inches ; depth forward, 9 inches; depth aft, 6| inches. Elvira led off, with slight oddB laid in her favour. She passed the flagship about two lengths ahead of her competitor, the crew pulling a rather more rapid stroke than the Adelphi men. Adelphi hung her stem under water very much, which evidently caused her to lose ground ; and on passing round the Tajan^ die was about twelve seconds to the rear of Iter opponent. The Sydney boat was certainly too low forward. However well she might shape on the river or in smooth Wpter, she is ill adapted for lumpy water such as prevailed yesterday. The more strenuous were the eflozts of her crew, the more she dipped. ' The Melbourne boat held her nose well qp. On passing the flagship a second time, it was evident that the Sydney boat had not a ghost of a chance. The course was pulled over in 26 minutes 26 seconds, Elvira winning ly atout six minutes. Sixth Race. — All iachte under 10 tons; handicapped (stilled) bv the Committee. Course : From moorings in Johnson's j3ay round boat off Manly, round flagship, ronnd liEhtship and Sow and Pigs, and back round flag ship First prize, £30 ; second, £10. Entrance, £2 2s. lone, 6 tons- F. J. Jackson ?? ? | Eva 7 tons— C. Medcalfe and J . Blackman . . . . 2 Osprey, 6 tons— W. G. Kirohner .. .. ..3 Australian, 7 tone-E. E. Smith Torment, 6 tons — J . R- Walters At starting, Austr-lian lost aU chance of the race through the signal to Btart being given before she had taken up her moorings; and then on the wrong tacK, did not get awav for four or five minutes after the others, which bTtLt time they were pretty nearly abreast of the flag Sip. lone was the first to show in front^ ^being closely followed by Eva and Osprey. These two held on the stretch until clear of Bradley's Head. Osprey could not weather Kiribilli, and had to go about on a short tack. Torment and Australian had to make a board from North Shore to Fort Macquarie, and then went off in chase of their competitors. Australian however dropped Tonnent on the way down. They rounded the boat off Manly m the oider named. When coming back both lone and Eva managed to lay up without tacking. Osprey and Australian, were impelled to* go about at George^ &ead;, and Torment followed suit when off George s Beach. On passing Bradley's Head the Osprey was very close upon lone, but, owing to some delay in setting her balloon jib, lone again, cot away from her, and was never aftmvards caught. Australian gave up. off the Cove in the first round, and Torment shortly afterwards did the same when off Wilson r Point. The winner was sailed by her owner. They came in in the following order h. M. s. lone'., .. ..4 25 40 Eva.. .. ?? 4 31 40 Osprey . . . ? 4 39 20 The handicap was a sealed one, and was not published until some time after the race. It was as follows :— Aus- tralian, scratch; lone, one minute; Evft# o&e; minute y Torment, one minute; Osprey, three minutes, lone, therefore, won by five minutes. We cannot say much for the skill of the handicapper, but would hazard the opinion that very few yacht owners will 'go it blind' for another Balmain yacht race if they know that as much skill is to be shown in trying to givo each an equal chance, ... Seventh Race.— For licensed watermen, pulling two pairs sculls in licensed watermen's boats, to be approved by the committee. Course : As No. 2. First ? prize, £15 * second, £6. Entrance, 10s. Galatea— J. Dunnett, M. O'Brien .. .. ?? * Betsy— R. Green, E. O'Connell . . .. ?? 2' Blanche— H. Reynolds, R. ThniSBell Phoebe — J. Candlish J. Wall. A considerable amount of delay was occasioned through some mistake or misunderstanding on the part of the pro fessionals, and the result was that Betsy and Galatea were the only boats that started. The competing boats had a good start, but before the first 200 yards had been rowed, the Newcastle men had a good lead of two boats' lengths, and came in apparently easy winners by about twelve or fourteen yards. Eighth Race. — Champion Race, for all sailing skiffs under canvas ; fixed centreboards and fin8 allowed ; akifffl under 22 feet to receive one minute per foot. Course : From moorings in Johnston's Bay round Shark Island, round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back round flagship. First prize, £12, and trophy, value £8 ; second, £5. En trance, £1 is. Othello, 22 feet, G. Holmes , .. .. .. \ Faerie Queen, 22 feet, S. H. Hyam . . . . . . 2 Hope, 22 feet, F. Hays. There was not much excitement manifested in the result of this event. Othello led off, and kept premier position throughout the course, coming in about 200 yards ahead of Faerie Queen. Ninth Race.— Gig Race, for all amateurs, pulling four oars in string-test gigs, not exceeding 42_ feet overall, with coxswains. * Course : From Pyrmont Bridge round boats, off Perkins's Point, round Goat Island, and back to flag ship. Prize, £20. Entrance, £1. Arrow— H. Ireland, S. Drennan, P. Mahoney, F. Punch; Ireland, coxswain .. .. ..I Scrambler— E. Murray, R. Macdonald, J.Rogers, J. Denis ; J. Miller, coxswain . . . . . . 2 Horatio — F. Roderick, G. Welsh, W. Bull, C. Bulli vant; J. M'Kay, coxswain .. .. ..3 All three boats got away well together, but Arrow soon showed to the front and passed the flagship well ahead of Scrambler, with Horatio not far behind. In rounding Goat Island the Arrow steered too wide, and the coxswain of the Horatio, which was barely a length behind, took advantage of the mistake by cutting inside and passing her. The Arrow, however, again took first place before reaching the winning point, and won the race with very little to spare. Tenth Race. — Fishing Boats under canvas (time allow ance, 1 minute per foot) ; no boat to exceed 24 feet in, length. Course: From moorings in Johnston's Bay round i lightship and Sow and Pigs, round flagship and Shark Island/and back round flagship. First prize, £20 ; second,. £5; third, £3. Entrance, £1. Wyvern, 24 feet — H. P. Rich . . . . . . I YoungJim, 23 feet — J. Gooud .. .. . . 2E After Dark Once, 22 feet — T.Bates.. .. .. 3; Star of Hope, 22 feet— J. Nash Hope, 22 feet— G. Newton Kingfisher, 24 feet— C. S Bransby Native Rose, 22 feet— J. Smith Firefly, 24 feet — W. B. Melville Stormy Petrel, 23 feet— S. Bodds Mermaid, 23 feet— J. Humphries Big Berry, 23 feet — G. Templeton. There were ten boats entered for this event, but unfor tunately the Kingfisher, when holding a prominent position in the raoe off K iribili Point, carried away her mast and was ? towed back by the yacht Alick. After returning from the lightship Wyvern rounded the flagship first with Young Jim Eecond and followed by After Dark, Native Rose ana otar oi nope in me oruor given, uie uuier» tui ueuuiu. iiu difference took place in the positions of the leading boats during the remainder of the race, Wyvern passing the flagship about 2 minutes ahead of Young Jim. Star of Jlope finished fourth. Eleventh Race. — For all amateurs who have never won. a public prize, pulling two pairs sculls, in light skiffs. Course : As No. 2. First prize, £12 ; second, £3. En trance, 10s. TimWhiffier — P. Tiemey, R. Brown .. ..I Barb — R. Johnson, W. Morando . . . . . . 2 Leading Star— E. Deering, A. Roderick .. .. & Native — J. Hughes, W. Jenkins Quickstep — H. Pearse, W. Easton. Tiemey and Brown were looked upon as the probable winners of this race, and they pulled in a manner which proved that the confidence reposed in them by their friends was not misplaced. They drew away from their opponents* shortly after the start, and retained the lead until the con clusion of the contest. Barb secured second place, and! Lending Star third. Twelfth Race. — Whaleboat Race, pulling five oars (any description). Boats not to exceed 30 feet overall, and not less than 5 feet beam, and 2 feet deep. Course : From flagship round boats off Perkins Point, round Dolphin oft Pyrmont Bridge, round boats off Perkins Point, round Dolphin, and back to flagship. Prizo, £50. Entrance, 25s. Native Rose, B. Bamett's crew .. .. ?? ^ Right Whale, E. Trickett, ,W. Lyons, J. Dunnett, J« M'Leer, E. O'Connor ; Steersman: F. Hayes ?? ^ Thistle, Artillery Crew : H. Lynch, W. Haywood, J ? Long, W. Ingall, A. B. Gibson ; J. Pavour, emerg ency.. .. .. .. .. ?? ® This was the most exciting contest of the day, the interest ? of the spectators being kept up from start to finish. Ihe ft soldiers had the misfortune to get ashore on the reef run- U ning out from Balmain Point shortly after the start, ana I I although they managed to get their boat floated again they I ? were too far behind to have any hope of securing the P11®^ 1 They however got underway again, and pulled a plucky stem race. The other two boats kept close to- m getter throughout, the Right Whale leading by about a j couple of lengths from the start until after rounding the Dolphin at Pyrmont Bridge, when Bametf s crew, amongs* m which was the veteran Dick Green, began to show that they ? did noit intend to lose the prize without a struggle. They Be gradually drew on to the leading boat until reaching the w Company's Works, when they were side and ode, and from there a desperate struggle took placet When 'within a few jardB of home Barnett's men ^jnt on -a tremendous spurt* slid ?barely w«m ihe race* amidst. the enthusiastic cheers of the onlookers. . . . - ^ ' Thirteenth Race. — Gig and dtnpy. . . Prize? J53. Qig pot , less than ?2 feet ; dingy to keep in open water. Time, 16 minutes. ' Entrance^ pg, 2s. 6a. ; dingy IB. Gig — W. Braoe ? : . Dingy— A.. ?Roderick. . This event caused the usual amount of .amusement.;, and, ... .after a.gpod deal of dodging, the dingy man was oompelled to jump, overboard, and was immediately afterwards fol lowed and captured by the bowman of thegig. At the monthly meeting of the Hoyal Sydney Yacht Club, held at the club rooms on Thursday, 6th instant, it was resolved that the opening cruise of the season take place on the 22nd instant, yachts to rendezvous in Farm Cove. A sub-committee was 'appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the club matches, one of which will be that tor first-claes yachts, and in it Mr. A. Fairfax'snew clipper The Magic will make her maiden effort It is stated that Mr. Charles Parbury, formerly owner of the champion crafts Whynot and Xarifa, purposes once more taking his place amoRgst the yachtsmen of Port Jackson ; and with that enthusiastic love he has always shown towards the aquatic sports, will have a big 'Rifa designed by Shea, of Woolloo mooloo. During the week we paid' a visit to Longford's shed to have a look at the Magic, and found her well advanced. Copper all on and beautifully finished, deck beams in awaiting the arrival of planking, and ceiling ready for a second coat of paint A fair estimate may now be formed of what the new vessel is, and if we mistake not she will prove a greater credit to her builders than any of the undoubtedly fast clippers they have launched from their yard. In general appearance there is only a slight resemblance to the lineB of the Nereid. As the Magic has much finer ends more sheer, and consequently more lifting power in a sea way, she has also more overhang aft in proportion to her tonnage, and her counter has a lighter appearance than most of the second el ass tke. The length, from stem-head to tafirail is 66 feet, length from stem to sternpost 48 feet by 12 feet beam ; draught of water, forward 6 feet by 9 feet 6 inches aft ; tonnage by club measurement, 28 tons. Spars, sails, and fittings have all come out from England ready to be pdt in their places in the shortest possible time, and her inventory is as complete as the experience of one of the oldest yachting captains in England could make it. In point of workmanship we do not think that any builder in the world could turn out a more faithfully built vessel, and every piece of timber used in her construction has been carefully picked. When ready for sea, there will bo six feet head room clear under the beams in the main cabin, about the same in the forccastle, and very little less in the two after staterooms. There will be a good-sized sailroom abaft the companion, with a separate entranoe from the steering well. Aboutthe first week in January will see the Magic in her proper element, and it is not impossible that her first trial will be on Anniversary Day. 