, siRGH'ARL-ESxG'ArV'AN ' DUFFY? \- TTaving had ocbasion to refer more tbaij once to Sir. Guyan-flutri;, and tho honoj Sdob has febohfly bpen'/conferred upon h.m J abd having take«l;a»f .U :S iha 'diaoua.ion as to whether Lord i Canterbury should grant bim a dissolution or ' ymt-our opinion bcio'g that he had made- ont , good case, and was: entitled to.itw->'e deeni it desirable to dopart from our usual practice of not inserting 'fihyihing' whioh has appeared in' the morning journals, by giving a verj batim report of that gentleman's speech in St Patrick's Hall last evening, . wherein he refers to his defeat and' , subsequent knight hood. Wo will preface .it by saying that— qike most of his public utterances— it Is able, ! pertinent, and conclusive:— : ; £ir CbarleB Gavaii Duffy,- in auswor to ' rcDS.itcd calls, rose! and said— Ladies -ncl GcuiIcm'on, I have travelled a long jour: ' r:ev to-day under a vory ungomal sky, and ' I asked to be excused from speaking, but I '' cenfess when 1 beard tho pleasant -Irish voices I could not l-csiBt.- It is "forbidden to talk here on' politics, but I vonturb to. .say h-t it is a nloasant memory to mo that once Bve3r attliis end 'of,;Bonrke street, what- ovor mistakes theV may mako at the great House at tho other end— (applause) r-here I nin quite certain of meeting friends who are not changed by nny- political circum-i g'ances, whoso kindness " is still the same,; whether we win or lose tho game;"' (Hoar, bear.) - When I last met yon here, 12 biohtha . ao I was returning from. a tour in whioh ' the 'chief districts in , this country had given such enthusiastic support to the Adminis' t'ration with which I was connected as seemed to promiso.it a-long life. I' meet you now ladies and gentlemcD, - not morely fallen from power, but! am aseuro'by certain'well- informed journals that- 1 «m aotuaily po'iti' 1 cillydcacl and buried. (Laughter and ebeors.) . l ean only say that if 1 bo. so, yon have given ray ghost suoh a very pleasant reception (laughter), that I have determined once, a year, on the IStli March,' near the dead hour i of -midnight, to- "appear" in St- 1 Patrick's Hall like Banquo iu . tho middle of the fes; tival. 1- recently, read a very strange story in one of tho same well-informed journals— information that, in point of fact;' I was shortly going home. to bo Minister for Ire- ' land. (Laughter.) I may nay, by tlio: way,' \- that that ie a strange mnsion to give a doad ' man. I ami very sorry to inform you. that I have not at present received any ofli aial intimaUon onlisfsct. (Renewed laughtor.) But I may say this, that if it be intended that tbo "Irish Minister shall bo responsible to an Irnli Pari iiamcut, I will undertake the duty with great satisfaction'. - (Applause. ) The latest news is that, like a'young lady who hasi become a ..bride, I have been ehanping- my name ; and . as this news, unlike tbd rest, is liot a fiction, I owe it to friends wliim'I see here to tell ,'tbem something of that metamorphosis. I ceased to be Chief .Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lard' Can terbury, informing rue that tho Seoretary of State ior tho Colonies had instructed him tb ascertain whether a Companionship' of the Order of St. Michael anil Georgo would be acceptable to me. Let me say, with respect to Lerd Canterbury,; that in all our political or social intercourse, he 'treated me with a con stant courtesy, frankness, and consideration for which I must always remain his debtor. But he had refused .' to dissolve'1 parliament whoa, I considered T; had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, and as this distinction was; offered me as soon bb the papers connected with that transaction conld have been laid before'the Seoretary of State, I concluded that it was , possible, and even probable, that Lord Kimberloy meant to Intimate tbat he did not think I had receivod Ibc support I was entitled to .from' tho repre sentative of the Crown on the occasion. (Hear, hear.) Nevertheless,, though that conviction was very gratifying to .me, I re- epectfnlly declined _lhs .. proffered honor; \- (A Voice: "Quite right.") Shortly after- wards Lord Canterbury did me the favor to address another lsttqr to me, asking whether 1 would accept a "knighthood; . Upon that question there was the very strongest feeling among two sections of my ffionds..;' My own countrymen were of ' opinion that, having been four times a Cabinet Minister, and having been among the first men of my race and creed wHo had won that distiue- tion in any .British community since ; the Tieyolutioh,. I : was bound to -ac- " "bept this permanent testimony that I had performed tbe. duties, I undertook . with .integrity and discretion... And somo " English and Seoteh friends , to whom I owed ; constant, and steadfast snpport. in' public life urged, that if 1 declined it : toe -very persons who ..were bursting withspiteand disappsinhnent . that the, . honor had been proffered to me .would misrepresent my reinsal, and use it to provoko, and if .possible to alienate, - my English . and iSco'ttish friendsT ..I . accepted/ and I havo since received letters'of-'conArktulation from every section of this commnnity ; aud I am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction nt :the-£ohgritnlations'. of" .representative men among the Protestant, democracy, who gave mo snoh generous support ' when. vdj . wits last _ in . office, '; or; . the;' congratulations "of Irishmen who would bavb renounoed and repudiated mo ifI bad apqepted nny distinoj tion on the terms of forgetting niy allegiance to my native 'country, f- (Hear,-, hear.) I may remind; you /thai',' >ylibtt,;Aliplpresenfc Mr.1 Jnstios Fello'w-slevelled 'a- -ypto 'of want of confidende:qgainst''the .Government, I told him that'I would nqi/deseVt", tho fortunoi of , my natiye 'epuntiy for , auy thing tbat-Parlia ment.or the sovereign iconld bestow. (A|>1 'plsuse.) :-And now there has been,en,eogU:of personal , theme?., ? I jivill - only addi . that i -tqpugh I, wis .-recruiting!.my:health faraway I 1 irom tlie capital, - and little disposed to 'rluit ,- "tbeseaside tUl if' left, it in restored yigbrj 1 .S9 .bet Vesist tbo wishes of tho committed i of the SL-Eatiickls Society- that I should cojno here to night,, Tlisy-; insisted tbat thp . exertion would do me ho injury ; and-they .were . rigbt. for the breath of the oeean itself . is.not so refreshing to me as the dear familiar .I" 'rmn.ayeleome,. - , (LondappIauBo.) 