PIMPAMA. These races came off on Boxing-day, and passed off most successfully. There was a large assemblage of visitors, and the course looked lively and gay. The racing was good through- out, and the stewards were fortunately not troubled with dispute* at any kind. Cheat credit is due to Mr. Drewe for the Tery able way in which he got the noes op, and the luncheon prepared by him would do credit to any of our prorincial caterers. It was pretty generally expected that tbe Brisbane hones would hare pulled off most of the money, but the " pot boiled orer" in this re spect, for, with the exception ot the Maiden Plate, which was won by a lucky accident, they did not make a show to the front at all. The following is a detailed account of the racing:— Maids* Plats of 15 sots. ; for all horsea that hare nerer won an adrertised prise ex ceeding £10; one mile and • half; weight for age. Mr. J. Nolan's b.g. Jibboom, aged, 9*r. 4 lbs (Skinnerty) 1 Mr. W. Daris* g.g. Wooloombin, 5 yean, 9 st. lib (Owner) 2 Mr. J. Callaghan's e.g. Surveyor, 5 yean, 9 st. lib ...(Butler) 3 The favorite at the start was Jibboom, bat from his style of going tbe first time round it was evident to every one that he was quite oat paced. The chestnut went to the front closely followed by the gray, and Jibboom about fire lengths behind. Unfortunately, when a quarter of a mile from home, the chestnut fell and the gray fell over him, thus leaving Jibboom to canter in. Puslicakb' Pubss of 12 sots.; for all horses ; one mile and a quarter j weight for age; one event. Mr. E. Cockerill'* b.m. Brunette, aged, 9 st. 4 lbs (Lewis) 1 Mr. 3. Norbury's b.g. Bseort, aged, 9 st. . 4 lbs (Butler) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's b.gl Jibboom, asred, 9 st. 41b*. 3 This was a splendid race between Brunette and Bseort; it was hard to say which was the favorite as they were backed pretty freely by their respective friends. Bseort led until enter ing the straight, when Brunette caught him, and a splendid run home ensued, Brunette winning by a length, Jibboom a bad third. Pimpaxa Town Plats, a handicap of 25 tots., with a sweep of 10s. each added for second hone; two miles; one erent. Mr. W. Daris' g.g. Wooloombin, aged, 8 st. 12 lbs. (Hasten) I Mr. —. Daath's e.g. Bake, aged, 7 at. (Dauth) S Mr. —. Nolan's b.g. Fishhook, aged, 10 si. -• » ... (Wilson) 3 Emperor, Surreyur, and Tweed also ran. The farorites for this, which was the erent of the day, was Fishhook and Tweed, as the opinion seemed to be they were let in too light; bat the running prored that the handicapping was not far out. At the fall of tho flag Wooloombin went to the front, closely followed by the and they kept this order all the way roand, neither Fishhook nor any other coming to the front. The ohestnut finished a good second, and Tweed last. CohsoiiAxioh Handicap, of 6 sots.; for all beaten hones daring tbe meet j one mile i one erent. Mr. S. Norbury's Ikg. Escort, aged, 9 at. (Bntkr) 1 Mr. Drew's b.g. Tweed, aged, 7 at. (Binatead) 2 Mr. Coekerill's g.«. Emperor, 9st. ...(Lewis) 8 Mr. Daath's eg. Rake, 8 •*. 7 lb. This resulted in a splendid race between Be* corr and Tweed. The pace was too fact for the gray, and it was evident from the first the weight was too much for the chestnut pony, mhe was distanced. Fobckd Handicap of 3 sots, j for all winnen; losen optional on payment of awsep; one miJe and a half; one erent. Mr. Paris' g.g. Wool oosnhin, aged, »st, 4 lbs. (Husion) 1 Mr. OoekerUl's b.m. Brunette, aged,B st. 41ba> (Binatead) S Mr. Callagan's e.g. Surveyor, 8 st. (Batter) S . Jibboom did not aeeept. The race from the atari lay between the (ray and Brunette, the weight being too much for the little chestnut. An exciting nee home , took place between Wooloombin and Brunette, both being under the whip in the straight. The gray won by a length. There were seren entries for die Harry Scurry, which was won by Mr. Daath's Nigger. The nee was once round, bat the rider of Nigger, thinking it was twice, kept on, and all the rest followed. Turning the corner of the straight the second time, the saddle slipped round Nigger, throwing his rider; bat in spite of all disadvantages, the hone kept the coarse, and came in and distanced all the rest. This erent eloeed the day's sport, which on the whole was the moat suoceseful making yet held at Pimpema. A race-ball took place the following evening, which was well attended, and pawed of moat pleasantly. The settling also passed off most satisfactorily. MURPHY'S CREEK. (ROM OUB OWV OOSBSaPOHDSKT.) Boxing-day was ushered in here with most charming weather, of which holiday makers in broadoloth and fustian, silks and prints, arailed themselves in large numbers. Walsh's iron pony was more than double-backed in erery trip by young and old from both ends of the line, and the throng thickened by numerous pedes trians, equestrians, and equestriennes from erery nook and corner of Taylor's Pariah, High fields, Toowoomba, Helidon, Gotten, Ipswich, and Brisbane. The course here is an oral mile, through the properties of Mesen. Canty, Dunne, and Chapman, almost in face of the Railway station, and from the platform of which, through the courtesy of Mr. Wangh, the little ones safely enjoyed a safe stacd-point and fall riew of the numerous snorts of the day, which were tbe following :—Mr. Kennett Darie acting as judge ; Mr. Thomas Dixon, starter ; and Mr. Brittain, clerk of the course, and right well did they do their duty. Hubdlb Bacs.—Twice roand the course, orer 6 hardies 3 feet 6 inches high. Mr. Tamer's Creep (Charley) 1 Mr. O'Connor's Miss Jackson 2 Three horses started for this race. Creep taking the lead and maintaining it throughout, and jumping all his hurdles in gallant style, Miss Jackson closely following, and Valances' Nugzet third, but for whom the pace wu evidently too hot. On going round the second time Nugget caught his hind feet in the last hurdle, falling heavily on his jaw, which snapped with a crack as if from a pistol, and after bleeding profusely, the poor animal gave up the ghost. His rider was severely fhaken, bat luckily escaped without broken bonrs. Bhcoxd Raob.—Maids* Plats. Mr. Waugh's Hercules (Norris) 1 Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert 2 Mr. Burn's No Good S The hones got well away together, but a rery few strides brought Hercules to the front, which he kept until a little more than half way roand, when M'Donald, calling on Dixon's little mare, she gamely passed her opponent, and would eridently hare won the race, but her jockey could not keep her from bolting, thus giring Hercules an easy victory. Third Racs—Thb Navtibs' Racs. Mr. Duncan's Duke (Charley) 1 Mr. Attwell's Kangaroo (Owner) 2 Mr. Hemmant's Mad Cap 3 The running in this race eridently by be tween Duke and Kangaroo, both horses being a good match for condition and speed, and equally well jockeyed. Fourth Rack.—Thb Pubuoahb* Pubsb. Mr. Marsh's Lucy (Owner) 1 — Fly Away 2 Mr. Mien's Bob 3 Lucy won easily. Fifth RAOB.-CoiraoxA.TiOH Stars. Mr. Attwell's Kangaroo (Marsh) 1 Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert 2 Mr. Burns' No Good [,\ 3 Mr. Attwell must hare been moat decidedly consoled by his Kangaroo, who was well run into by Miss Rupert; but unfortunately she, on nearing the winning post, again swerved from the course, and left her opponent for a few yards to hare it all his own way. Sixth Rack.—Ths Stockman's Pcm. Mr. Dixon's Miss Rupert ... (Charley) 1 Mr. Tv ner's Tarragon ... 2 Mr. Valence's Gipsey '". 3 In this race it was pretta well known that if Dixon s mare could be kept on the coarse she had speed and bottom enough to beat anything against hey and being admirably ridden by j Charley, hdlanded her an easy winner. Sbybnth Rack.—Fkxe abd East. Mr. Britain's Jessie (Patterson) 1 Mr. Turner's Bees B Seven horses started for this race, and Tommy Dixon had great trouble to make them respect the green flag. After two baulkings they got away, and for about a quarter of a mile kept pretty fair com pany. When near Chapman's slaughter-yard, however, Patterson woke np the gray, and she ran in rather an easy winner. root BAonra. First Baoe—lBo yards Clare. Second—Hurdle Bace Clue. \ As a wind-up to the Christmas Sports, Johnny Dixon gave a free ball and sapper, which, as might have been anticipated, were both bum pers. At knife and fork everybody seemed to play a very pretty game. After the supper the host and hostess' health were proposed and responded to in bumpers, followed by three hearty cheers. Next came the devotees to Terpsichore, who heeled and toed it until bright Chanticleer proclaimed the mom. Seve ral novel dances to the young natives were in troduced, and known in the old country as the " Haymakers," by two local professionals, called forth fcorn and rounds of applause. Nume rous picnic parties thoughout the day skirted the bands of the creek, and other spots so gifted by Nature to welcome the visitors for which Taylor's Parish is so famous. 