Tata AsxIAuma CAurCANo-A correspond ent of the Westorn Mornillng News at anpo Coast Castle furnishes details of the repulse of the ]3ritish forces. Ho says:--Ontho 18th of August her Majoety's ships Rattle snalkeo and Argue proceeded to Calma Bay. A palaveor with thelKing of Oalmn was hold, attended by his Majesty and retinue, 0om. modoro Commoroll of the Rattlesnake, Camn mander Luxmnoore of the Argue, and Mdr. loldon, Governor of Sooonga Fort; They tried to induce the King to beoome an ally; but ho rofnsod to assist oetively, remarklgu howerer, at the close of a stormy palaver, " the Aehantees are on the other side of the river. When you oomo in, come close on my side of the river." Thus deceived, the com modore, with Luxmoore and Heldon, made an expedition next day up the river in two gigs, in tow of a steam pinnace, piloted by some natives who had been pressed into the service, but who escaped as soon as they were over the bar. The boats on entering the river kept on King Calma's side, and on rounding a sharp point came suddenly fane to face with over one thousand natives, who instantly opened fire. A hurricane of bullets and slugs speedily wounded every man of the crews of the two gigs, who were both surprised and unprotected. The gigs were riddled. The steam pinnace fared better, being of stouter build, the officer in charge making all his men lie down. They escaped unhurt, although she was struck many times. No attempt was made to return the fire, which indeed would have been useless. The boats instantly went.backl to the ships, which drew in, bombarded anil burned the town; the ships' boats, properly armed for the purpose, assisting. While this was going on, another untoward affair occurred. It had beeoon deter mined to ocoupy the deserted Dutch fort of Calma as a basis for future operations. The cutter of the Rattlesnake, with a party of ten native police with provisiono, was sent on sheore for this purpose. Whenoa nearing the Innd the cutter capsized in the surf, but hier crew got ashore in safety. They marched up towards the fort, but were intercepted by the enemy (of which .tribe it is not stated), and being largely out-numbered, the Rattlesnake's mon made for the beach, pursued by the natives. They made a gallant but unsuooess ful stand, but whon their last cartridges had been fired, their only resource was to take to the water, four of their number being killed and one wounded. Except the latter the sur vivors managed to roach their boat. The enemy surrounded the unfortunate wounded man (an English able seaman), and were in the not of outting off his head, when, with marvillous presnnon of mind, be turned out his ipockets, and, throwing his money, knifr, and trinkets around, he set his assassins ::crambling for them. Ho seized the oppor tunity to rush to the beach, and take to the water, although blood was streaming down his back from Iis many wounds. Seeing this from the boats, two volunteers swam to his assistance and succeeded in resoning him. 'The commodore's wound is caused by a large slug which passed in at the side, round the back, and lodged in the body. Commander iLumoore, nlthough wounded in four places, behaved very gallantly while carrying tire boats out of action, and only dropped down' from loss of blood. The correspondent gives a deplorable lpiture of the state of almost all Europeans from sickness. The King of T'aorady has refused to join us, and has sent word that he is an Ashantee. SnoorKIN WIFEr-MUnRDERn,-A shocking murder was perpetrated at Darlington on Saturday night. An ironworker named Daweon left his wife some time ago, and has been cohabiting with a girl named MErgaret Addison. On Saturday night he went to his wife's house and attacked her fiorcely on the head and body with a coal-rake. Then, as his victim screamed, the ruffian pressed her enok on the floor with one of his heavy boots, while he kicked her with the other. Next he leaped upon her abdomen, and finally, seizing a large earthenware vessel, he dashed it upon her head, killing her on the spot. A man standing by witnessed the whole of the brutal affair, but he was afraid to interfere, Dawson holding a loaded re volver in his hand. The wretch managed to get away;. but his dog was soon scratching at a door, by the sergeant of police, who, on opening the door, saw and captured the murderer. RAILWAY' SLAUOnTEm. - The railway slaughtor of 1872 has been officially reported upon by the board of trade. It gives a total number of deaths 1145, and of persons injured 3038. More than half the number of killed (632) were railway servants, but that class furnished less than half of the in jured'--namely, 1395. ME.ORAL TO BIsroP PATTEsON.-- The attorney-general, Sir John Duke .Coleridge, has just erected a memorial:pillar at a place where four cross roads meet in the noigh. bourhood'of Ottory St. Mary, Devonshire, to the late Bishop Patteson. It will be re membered that Sir John D. Coleridge is a cousin of the late bishop, who previously to his opisoopate hold the charge of a small district church in the neighbourhood of Ottery St. Mary. The following is the in scription:-"In memory of John Coleridge Patteson, D.D., missionary bishop. Born in London let April, 1827; killed at Nuka pu, near the island of Santa Oruz, 20th Sep tomber, 1871, togethor with two follow workers for Our Lord, the Revo. Joseph Atkin and Stephon Taroaniara (in venge ance for wrongs suffered at the hands of Europeans), by savage men whom he loved, and for whose sake he gave up home and country, and friends dearer than life. Lord Jesus, grant that we may live to Thee like him, and stand in our lot with him before Thy throne at stho end of the dayas Amen. A kinsman desires thus to keeoop alive for aftertime the memory of a wise, a holy, and a humble man." Insocribed on the several sides of the pillar are four texts from sorip ture. The architect or designer of the memorial itself was Mr. Buttorfioeld. It is describod by a correspondent of the Guardian as " a plain, unpretending structure of rod brick, harmonising well with the spot of ground which has boon chosen as its site arid which was given by Sir John Keon naway." The Guardian adds that the idea of this memorial was taken from a building of the same sort oreoted in 1748 by Mr. D. Rollo, and still standing in excelleut repair at the intorseotion of four oros roads be tween icoton-housoe and the village of Ot torton. A Sta?.Noi STony.- An Ohio paper tolls a very strange and startling story of the re velation made by a stroke of lightning a few days since. The stroke, it seems, prostrated a splendid grova of oaks in the Miami Valley. Among them was one which was rent aqunder from top to bottom, and according to the narrator the fragments in falling apart disgorged a gaunt skeleton, yellow with agoe, which instantly fell to pieooes and was soattored over several foot of surround ing pariturago. With the remains were also found a few buttons of anoiont pattern, and a leather pooketbook in lood preservation. This pooketbook told the sad tragio story of the dlsontombed akeleton, It contained ,paporu: whioh woro brown aund disooloured, and covered with rude pencoillings, scarooly legible; but enough could be deciphered to show that they had been written by a soldier in the revolutionary army-a man, in fact, who had been an aide and companion of General Washiugton. His name was Roger Vandenburg, and he held the rank of aonptain, After participating in the pri vations of Valley Forge and in the retreat across the Jerseys, and serving a brief time at West Point, he marched with St. Clair atainst the north-western Indians. On November 3, 1761, he was wounded and captured by the redskins. He subsequently eseoaped, however, and being hard pressed by his savage foes, he took refuge in this oak-tree. The hollow afforded a convenient retreat, and he allowed himself to drop into it. Then, too late, he found that he had miscalculated the depth of the hollow, and there was no escape. The remaining hours of his life were spent in writing a diary, the entries of which show a terrible record of human suffering, and during a period of eleven days he painfully described his sen sations as he felt himself slowly starving to death. ToB Bouos-A N.ew SEc.--The New York correspondent of the Standard has the following:-A most singular religious phe nomenon has appeared in the south. A cer t?ain Rev. Mr. Bobo-a divine with a bible in one hand and a carpet-bag in the other went " down south" from the land of notions -that is from New England to South Caro linsa. This Bobo, is rough, uncouth, and very itnorant, but glib of tongue as the genuine Yankee divine always is. He preached in t\he ounty of Spartanburgb, in the mountain region of South Carolina, to negroes exclu sively. After securing the coonfidence of that credulous people, Bobo proolaimed himself a prophet anointed, oommanded by God to lead a sacored band of emigrants from that lfgypt to a Canaan that lay up (north) in the stats of 'rennosso. Something loss than a hundred joined his camp. They nmust sell all they possessed. This was easily done, for their worldly possessions were not extensive. All was ready. At this point a new revela tion wafs voucheafed to this modern lawgiver and prophet. One thiog more remained to he done--the sanorifie of the oldest person in the floek. Counting ages, that person was found to be a woman. She was looked, up until a "stick of peoulihar growth "with whiob to dispatch her was found. While they were looking all over the woods for the stink in question the whites got knowledge of the thing, and resoued the old negress. Then Bobs found it best to start, His band amounted to probably eighty, who went across the Blue Ridge and Smoky Mountains-the Alleghany range-into the Promised Land of Tennesee, where the prophet was arriving at last accounts. His argument was that their Canaan lay there, and the negroes believing went. It is hard to guess what he will do with them; possibly attempt a community, and go to farming. To those who have attentively studied the progress of the Mormon inania there nan be nothing inherently inoredi hble in this story of Bobo. RoAsTNGo A NIotER.--Grat excitemenat, sooording to the Louisville Journal, has been causaed among the negroes living near Brighton,'lTonnesse, owing to an inconsiderate not committed by three white men named Vaughan, Ruffinl, and Balioh. It seems that these gentlemen, having discovered a negro named Dan Calhoun, who had been digging a well near Brighton, and who had indulged rather freely in stimulants, lying asleep on the ground, attempted to awaken him, and, not succeeding, covered him' with the contents of a small vial of turpentine from head to foot. They then, "just for the fun of seeing him jump," applied a lighted match to his head, and were not disappointed. In an instant Dan Calhoun was enveloped in a sheet of flame, and, bounding to his feet with a yell of agony, ran about like a deer, zig-zag, in the most 'ludicrous fashion. The men, who could not bear to see a fellow.acreature in real distress, rushed from the spot, and Dan soon 'fell to the ground, "a eharred, quivering mass of burning flesh.". Everything possible was done for him; but unfortunately, owing to the error in judgment in those who had set him on fire if not extinguishing the flames before thoy ,left 'bito, he was too severely -burnt to recover, and, after lingering for twonty-four hours in great suffering, he died. All the gobd oitieons, it is stated, regret tho oircumstances exceedingly; but for some reason the magistrates of the town refused to issue a warranOt for the arrest of Vaughan, Rfutin, and Balioh, who, however, thought it advisable to leave the locality. Roasting a niRgger may be very fine sport; but the nigger can sdoaroely he expected to look at it from that point of view; THE Dun or B I3cuswcocc's WIIL..-TTh Paris oorrespondent of the S. ?.t Herald says:-Geoevao is somewhat disappointed in the sum total likely to acornue to it from the eooontrio bequest of the Duke of 3Brunswick. The diamonds though numerous are not first rate, and are appraised at only £100,000. The Duke's pinkl-fronted house in this oity is valued at only £80,000; and so on; but it will be far from roaching the proportions of the vast numhber of "millions " which Genoeva was wondering what on earth she should do with. ]Moroover, the reigning Duke will not contest his brother's will, the daughter of the defunct, by his morganatio marriage with Charlotto Oodille, has pro ferred her claim to inherit one half of her father's property. The case of this lady is particularly hard. Born in lawful wedlock, and therefore entitled to the rights and privileges of a legitimate heiress, Mme. Elizabeth Wilholmina of Brunswiok, Ooun toss of Oiory by her marriago, was brought up to the age of eighteen in all the splendour appropriato to her rank. At liher birth tle Duke's brother (the present sovoreign) be oame her godfather. She receioved the titles of Countoss of B3laekonburg and Colmar, which had belonged to the auolf family friom times immemorial. The Duke becamo estranged from this daughter through the artful machinations ofthoso about him, who, when the young lady ombraced the Catholio faith, had little dimoeulty in turning him against her, as amidst all his vices and frivolities thie weonror of wign and diamonds always prided himnolf on the fitet that hIis ancestors were the earliest and stanooent friends of the reformation. Such was his anger against thie child whom up to that time he had surrounded with the most af footionato oearn, that he refused to be present at her marriage, though he sent hie first chamberlain, Baron d'Audan, to represent him at the coremony, and to inform the Count that an allowance of £1000 a year would be given to his wife. Thi0, hocwevor, was never paid; and the Count wouldil not allow his wife to take any steps to compel her father to pay it, although his own for tune was far from considerable. But in 1865, having lost a portion of his property, he authorised the Countess to bring against her father the suit which created so much noise at the time, but in which the verdict was given against her by the Brunawick tribunals. The Duke, entronohing himself behind his royal prerogative, refused to ap pear before an ordinary court of justico. On the other hand, the Fronch courts deolared themselves incompetent, not being able to apply French law to the filiation of an alien, born abroad of a foreign father; so they non-suited the Countess, who, becoming a widow, has had great trouble in bringing up the seven children born of her marriage. At present she hopes to be more fortunatein invoking the Swiss law, which ordains that one- half of a parent's fortune shall go to the children. ConoNoAr WINE.-A chemist at San Fran cisco has discovered a fact which wine growers should take note of. It is, that if air be driven through wine during fermenta tion the wine can be drawn off from the yeast in a few days after the fermentation is complete, will be quite clear after a month or two, "and of a more agreeable flavour than wine fermented in the ordinary way, and kept for two yeare."-It is also reported from Germany that a chemist has found a way to prepare a good extract of hope. This, on further proof, will be good news for brewers and hopgrowers, for the oextract will keep, and thus the surplus from a good hop- harvest may be held on hand to moeet the deficiency of a bad year. WEsTsRn AnxusEcENTs.--Som notion of public amusements in the far west is con veyed by the following from the Pioche (Nov.) Record:-"To-morrow afternoon some rare sport is offered at Mditchell's Saloon, Meadow Valley-street, being a butt ing match between two American citizeris of African descent. The stakes are 200 dol. a side, and price of admission 1 dol." SALMnoN Fisreo.--So successful has the Duke of Sutherland's salmon fishing been on the west coast of Sutherlandshire that the steamer built recently at Aberdeen for the purpose of carrying the fish to Strome ferry, has had to call to her assistance his Grace's private steam yacht, and both are now employed in conveying the fish. On the second of this month they took out 1400 fish, being an average of 200 at each station. in one day, and are expecting to be still more successful. A correspondent of Once-a.aWeek writes:. "At the Freehwater end of the Isle of: Wight the common people have a strange' way-perplexing until one knows it- ofe' pronouncing their o's and a's; for instance, they oall a wardrobe a wurdrobe or word robe. Iremember one night that some of us young people were sitting over the fire at Admiral- -'s, telling ghost stories and feeling decidedly nervous thereat, when a lugubrious-looking .servant, came up to me and said in a solemn tone,' sir, your hearse is at the door.' 'Bless my soul l'said I, appalled, ' what do you mean ? ' And thon, suddenly remembering the local peouliarity of pronunciation, said 'good night,' and mounted my horse." A terrible explosion occurred on board the steamship William Batters, in Cardiff road stead, on September 18.' The fore part of the ship is a. complete wreck, the whole of the iron deck being blown up. Two of the crew were very seriously iojured, and 'wore. carried to the hospital ship. The steamer was entirely new, and was on her first voy- age,. Hannah Smith, servant at Levenshulme;. took advantage recently of her master's ab sence in the Isle of Man to entertain a. friend. Between them they got through no. less than twenty-nine bottles of wine, filling the empty bottles with water. The master found out the theft on his return, and the prisoner, who begged to be allowed to "work it off," was given into custody. She has been sentenced to three months' imprison ment. Dr. Anderson, who accompanied the British expedition in 1808 to the valley of the Tapoeng, mentions a very singular method by which the natives of Sanda Valley con trive to conceal gold and precioues atoios.. Slits are made through the skins of their chests or necks, and the coins or atouees forced beneath, the wound being allowed to heal. When the valuable objeo'ts 'are wanted, a second out is made upon the spot,. and they are extracted.' Of all the odd deaths in the world, this' reported from India is certainly the oddest:: -A native, while oatching fish in a tank,. put the head of one in his mouth and bit it, as the fish was rather troublesome in the matter of wriggling. Suddenly one of'the' sharp pointse in the back fiu stuck in his' hand. He opened his mouth to call'for help, and the fish, giving a quick plunge, jumped ' down his throat, and there firmly stuck. It. - was only taken out, and by small pieces; after he had boon carried to the hospital. He was so exhausted that he died as soon as it.. was removed. We deeply regret to have to reooord the. death of Mr. Lotte, for many years the pro priotor of the diaries bearing his name. The. sad event occurred on the 9th ult., at Gran-. villo Parkr, Blakhoeath, whore he had for a short time boon residing. Although fori some years past failing health caused Mr.. ILotte to abstain from any anotive participa tion in business matters, yet it will be re membered by the trade how that the wonder ful popularity of his weoll-known diaries was mainly brought about by the untiring oenergy, and zeal of the decensed gentlomanu.~-Lottes' Monthly Price Current. A mother, who lhad with her a little daughtoer, was examining the figire of a horse on a tombstone, and wondeoring of what it was an emblem. Thero was nothing to explain it in the insoription. "Mamma," said tie little one, as they moved away, "'I ahouldn't wonder if she died of the night mare," The editor of the Pookshill Advortiser habn reoooeived thie following note from a resident of that town:-" Mr. Edituro,-What did' you print my family matora in your papure for it is none of your bizuos if my wife did havo twine I pays for them and you gets your head punched you had better tend to yor own bienoes is the advico of G--. A young man who was askred by his swosot heart what phonography was, touk out hise penciall and wrote the following, and said i 'U was phonography " " t A r , LN ",' 