? LIBEL ASD PEBJURT CASES.—Just as the Supreme Court was about to rise at the further adjournment of the cam of Towler v. Rounsevell. on Thursday, Mr. Boucaut applied to Mr. Justice Wearing for. a rule nifi of attachment agajmst Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P.', for. contempt of Court. The counsel remarked that an information for libel had recently been heard- in the Adelaide Police Court, and the defendant committed for trial to the Supreme Court. ;6ne of the parties in that case, who was a witness, had been mbBt violently attacked and accused- of perjury in a public print of the colony : [the Kapunda. Cfuardian\ Such a charge being made before the libel case had gone to trial was calculated to injure the witness in the minds of the Jury, and was a contempt of Court. His Honor suggested that the application should be made to the Full Court, and said he would attend on Friday in order that the Full Court might sit if his learned colleague, Mr. Justice Gwynne, thought fit. Mr. Boucaut then announced his intention of thus applying. At the sitting of the Court this morning-the rule nisi was granted. On Thursday morning, at the City Police Court, Mr. Ebenezer Ward, M.P., laid an information against Mr. Rowland Rees, C.E., for perjury, alleged to have been committed in giving evidence during the libel case. The information will be heard at the Police Court on Tuesday. FOB POST DAHWTN. —As announced elsewhere, the steamer Gothenburg will sail about April 22 for the Northern Territory. THE LATE MB. JOHN ELLIS.—Our obituary to-day contains the name of Mr. John Ellis, better known as Captain Ellis (though he neither assumed nor had the least pretension to the designation). The deceased arrived from England by the Buckinghamshire en March 22, 1839, in company with the late Captain William Allen, and in conjunction with that gentleman made almost immediately some very, large pur-: chases of land. He also went extensively into pastoral pursuits, but entered very little into -public , business till the establishment of the Gist partially-elective Legislative Council in August, 1851, when he was returnedfor Flinders, having successfully contested the disiaiot with the late Mr. Matthew Smith. Some yean ago he sold a large portion of his colonial property and returned to England, retaining, however, some considerable' runs in the South-East.: He -lias left, a -widow, the. eldest daughter of the -late Rear - Admiral -Sir - John Hindmarsh. fiist Governor of South Australia, and eight tihildren by a former . marriage; . Mr. Ellis'* death "occurred in London on March 22,• the thirtyfourth anniversary of his original landing here. NOETHEBN TEBBITOBT GOLD.—Some -very fine specimens of gold-bft˚ quartz have been received by Mr. C. J. Coates from the claims of the Northern Territory Gold Prospecting Company. They have been forwarded by. Mr. J, S. "WestCott, ! who handed them to . Mr. A. F. £oord. jun., the mate of the Bengal, which lately '-arrived in Melbourne irom Port Dprwrn. Jtfr. Boord Came here by the steamer Aldiiiga to •jfisit^ his: relatives in South Australia. Many of the samples he has brought are studded with the precious xnetaL MOVING.—The migration of farmers from the neighbourhood of Kapunda to the Northern Areas continues, and -well-loaded wagons may occasionally be seen tending northwards with the appurtenances of ragriculturists* who are in search of "fresh fields and pastures new." FOBGEBY.—Edward Cox, formerly a stone mason in Waymouth- street, who disappeared suddenly from this colony nearly a year ago leaving a number of forged acceptances, was, as our readers are aware, arrested in Melbourne a short time back. He was brought to Adelaide in the steamer Aldinga, and on Friday morning; at the City Police Court was committed for trial upon a charge of forging a bill of exchange for £25. He was remanded on a second charge, and we understsnd several more informations of a like nature are to be laid against him. THEATBICAL.—It will be Been from a glance at our shipping column that the members of the theatrical company for the Royal have arrived per steamer from Melbourne. . POSTAL COMMUNICATION WITH TROUBKLDGE ABEA.—A deputation on Friday waited on the Chief Secretary (introduced by Mr. H. K. Hughes, M.P.) to ui?e, on behalf of a public meeting at Troubridge Area, that the Government would establish a mail to Edithburgh by water. The Chief Secretary promised to do all he could to have a mail once a week to Edithburgh and twice a week through Weaner's Flat, Edithburgh, and Orracowie established. The mail to Edithburgh would prooably be carried by a sailing vesseL THE NOBTHERN TERRITORY. —At Kapunda the prospects of the Northern Territory are engaging great attention, and many persons have made tip'their minds'to give the place a triaL The Kapunda Yam Creek Company have, out of a large number of applicants, selected men to go by the first vessel, and several private parties have been formed to start early. THE GLKNELG RAILWAY.—The Enginerr of this Company, Mr. Benjamin Boothby, has almost completed the works for the Glenelg ; Railway line, and in two or three weeks they will probably be altogether finished, and ; only defrucdent upon the plant that iis now - upon - the : water. Hie line is now' complete from the Jetty at Glenelg to Sturt- :street and Halifax streets, Adelaide. It has not yet been joined to the rails on the Jetty, as the ;consent of the Commissioner of Public Works, jto whom the Marine Board has referred the matter,;., is first required. During next week the ' railway will be taken as far as _ the Supreme Court, which will be the limit until further powers are granted by the City Council. There are bridges over the- River Sturt and the fBrown Hill Creek as well as Culverts over various dams and creeks, and the crossing over the Brighton and Willungaroads will be finished in the course of a few days. It is anticipated that the ballasting will be all down in a fortnight. Two "Single Bafsill Bogie" engines have been made to the order of the Company by Messrs. Stephenson & Co., and these are now on their way to South Australia in the jMary Blundell. They will probably arrrive aV'out the end of April, and are accompanied by an experienced fitter and driver, who will pnt them together when they arrive in the colon) ^ end will, it a suitable man, remain in the service of the Company as foreman of the workshop. By a late vessel we expected tw»*> large palace cars on the American principle, bvUt with the latest English improvements, and ihey Will be accompanied by four " underframes and bogies," on which a carriage to suit the requirements of the traffic can be built. But already to spacious carriages of a plainer make have been made here by liessrs. Cottrell & Son, and these will be use'd as soon as the engines are ready. A largo carriage-house has been been built at South- terra.ce, the materials used being stone and galvanized iron. It will also be used for sheltering the engines at first, but afterwards it will be necassai'v to construct an engine-house. In all probability the line will be opened for traffic by the begu.ining of June next. THE OUTGOING MAIL. STEAMSB.—THO foiiowing are the passengers booked for the outgoing mail steamer :—For Suez, Means. A. and D. McCulloch; for Erindui, Mr. A..Cunningham; for-SouthamptoBj Mr. F. J. West. LlCTOBE.—"The Bible Verified by Ancien Monuments," or, as the printer erroueously pu it on the tickets, " 'Cement' Monuments," was the title of an interesting lecture delivered by His Lordship the Bishop <>f Adelaide on Thursday evening, Mareh 27, in Pulteney street Schoolroom, to aid the funds of St. Joha'B Sunday-School. There was a large atten ance, and the Rev. T. Jasper Smyth, M.A., presided. The Bishop referred to the Hi Me as tb« authentic depository of God's revealed will, written by men inspired by the Holy Ghost, and spoke of the discoveries recently made in buried cities as proving beyond doubt the accuracy of Scripture. He alluded to the objection that the art of writing was not known at the time when the Mosaic booka were alleged to have been written, and argued that discoveries in Egypt had entirely removed any doubt which might have arisen on that subject, examples of ancient hieroglyphic writings being given He then remarked that the antiquity of various ancient cities was attested by Babylonian documents of a very early date. In Egypt discoveries had been made which established beyond question the point that the. art of writing existed years ago before Abraham's time, valuable writings and sculptures had been recently brought to light by the enterprise or zeal of antiquaries. As to the alleged non-existence of evidence of the flight from Egypt and the destruction of Pharaoh's host. 1he lecturer argued that no nation cared to record its defeats and .disasters, but many other proofs of the authenticity of the Bible were available; still as regarded the flight recent observations had fully verified biblical accounts. The country over which the Israelites are now supposed to have travelled in its natural features exactly accorded with the ancient descriptions.. Biblical history was traced,, and many arguments were advanced in support •f its truth. Maps of countries mentioned were shown, and specimens of old forms of record were produced. The lecture, which was very interesting, secured the attention of the audience, who were additionally entertained with musical selections performed by amateurs, who acquitted themselves creditably. INQUEST.—Last Saturday afternoon Dr. Esau, J. P., of WoodBide, held an inquest at the Charleston Hotel to ascertain the cause of the death of Mr. Walter Douglas, a negro comedian and minstrel, who, accompanied by Mr. Harry West, arrived in Australia several years ago with Evans's Satsuma Troupe of Japanese Jugglers. Messrs. J. Hammond, H. Tullipan. and H. West at the enquiry deposed as to the circumstances attending the decease of the player, and a verdict of "Died from a fit of apoplexy" was> returned. Douglas, who had been lately travelling with. Mr. Tullipan's Lion Show, was apparently quite well on Friday evening, March 21, and having taken a good meal at tea-time, he then went out, about an hour before the usual time for performing. As he was missed not long after West went in search, and called him, but received no answer, and a gong was next sounded. The proprietor of the Show, on being toldthatsomething was evidently wrong, at once directed' that the exhibition should not be opened, and a light having been got, the poor fellow Douglas was soon after found lying in a stable, and was carried into the hotel, where-a -doctor, -who was immediately sent for, pronounced the man dead. His funeral was numerously attended, and his late comrades remained -at Charleston till Tuesday, when they went on their journey depressed at the loss of their companion, who was a favourite with the company. PABTORAL LEASING. — At the Government Land Office - Pastoral Lease No. 1531, representing country on the Great Bight, in District C, having an area of 114 square, miles and a term of 21 years, was sold on Thursday to Mr. R. B. Smith, at a premium of £5 5s., with a fee of 10s, fid. for tne lease. In the case of two other lots in the same region there were no bids. The terms are a charge of 2d, and Is. per head respectively on the sheep and great cattle depastured, with a minimum rental of 2s. 6d. per square mile. To PREVENT HONEY PBOM CANDYING.—0. Harmon, Otoe, Nebiaska, thus answers the question of " How can honey be put up in barrels, and otherwise, to prevent candying ?" I prepared mine last autumn by putting part of it into the stove boiler and setting on a grate placed upon the top of the stove and gently stirring while I brought it to a boiling heat. With another lot I placed the vessels containing the honey in a largo kettle, out doors, and containing water sufficient to come near the top of the vessels holding the honey, and then set the water boiling until the water was also brought to the boiling point, using the skimmer slightly in both cases. A part of this honey was then put in stone jars and .part in Mason's self-sealing jars. It is just as nice to-day as when prepared last autumn. It takes longer by the latter mode, but there is no danger of burning, and the honey is left a little nicer. PRACTICAL UNION.—The anniversary services of the Strathalbyn Wesleyan Chapel was held on Sunday last. The morning sermon was preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright, Primitive Methodist; and in the afternoon and evening the Rev. T. Lloyd, of North Adelaide, officiated. There were large congregations. On Tuesday evening a public tea meeting was numerously attended, and a pleasing feature was the friendly feeling shown by members of various churches. At the public gathering the Rev. J. Y. Simpson presided. A crowded audience assembled, and addresses were given by the Chairman, the Revs. F. S. Poole, B.A. (Church of England), T. Lloyd (Wesleyan), J. G. Wright (Primitive), and other gentlemen. The Rev. J. F. Henderson (Presbyterian) being unweU, sent an apology for his absence. The anniversary was, -if not the most successful ever held by the Wesleyans, one of the best. THE INVEBABAY MISHAPS.—The unfortunate Inveraray is secure at the outer moorings of Port 'Victor at present, but when she will get away to sea it is difficult to surmise. Since her arrival lour other vessels have entered Victor Harbour, taken in cargoes of wheat, and sailed again. Indeed three of the .four arrived at Sydney with •their loading on the 23rd instant as published. The Inveraray has still about 30 tons of stuff to take on board. Her mishaps have not occurred from any defect in the moorings, for these remain secure. Many ships of double her tonnage-have ridden out strong gales from the south-east with a heavy-soa and sustained no injury. On the 12th' instant, when the Inveraray broke away the first time, the Galatea was lying .at a mooring near, and by letting-ont a proper .-cable rode easy and safe. The residents at Victor. Harbour are pleased to see - ships ceming :there direct, and are particularly glad wfhen thej- do so with dispatch. They hope that when .the'Inveraray leaves for London she may have aithoroughly successful passage. DEATH FBOX EXCESSIVE DRINKING.—On Wednesday night, If arch 26, at half-past 11 o'clock, John Henry Erel well, who some years ago carried on business 3a Gawler-place as a dentist, was found lying- appaiw.ntly drunk across the footpath in Hindley-strt et, opposite Mr. Nitschke's premises, and in a conveyance was by two constables taken to tht> Police Station. When there, as he showed sy mptoms of death, he was conveyed to the Hospital, where he expired on his arrival. An inquevt was held at the Hospital on Thursday afteraoo.n, when it was shown that Fretwell died from liver and kidney disease, brought on by. excessive drim'ung, and a verdict was returned to that effect. The police had acted towards the poor man with the utmost consideration and kindness, ant' in the verdict the Jury very properly recognuea 1 their humane conduct. A full report will be found elsewhere. BBICKMAKING ELOCK.—The Government have lost no time in availing themselves of ti'ie provisions of the Miscellaneous Leases Act, and on Thursday another proof of this appeared in their offering at auction in the Crown Lands Office for brickmaking purposes the fourteen years' lea'se of four acres on the Park Lands north-west o.f 1 Kadina, adjoining the reserve for water tanks. The purchaser was Mr. H. A. Corbett (through Mr.- G. W. Cotton), and the rent agreed to be paid for a fourteen years' lease was £8 5s. per annum. The conditions provide for a resumption of the land upon six ^months' notice being given, a reservation of minerals, and a distinct covenant securing the use of the ground by the lessee solely for the making of bricks. 