HORTICULTURE AS A PROFESSION FOR YOUKO LADIES. A very able sug^eetionofa new profession for gentlemen was made by a correspondent of le Pall Hall- Gazette a few days since. Hefer ring to the want of technical knowledge amoncr amateur lovers, of horticulture and peusons pos sessing small gardens, and the great difficulty of obtaining the services of an. educated^ well informed giu- dener, he suggests that bjorticuftute ibaJJ be raised, to tlie rank of a profession. '-'A large proportion of people having gardens can not afford to keep, a gardener, and would: not have work for one if they could. They are dnveo to. the precarious assistance of men, who, win, th 5 smallest possible knowledge, work at high, wage* by the day. Even tho«f who have tnouey enough and soil enough to ' keep a gar dener ' efe fortunate enough if they can get one, at the ordjnanr wages of a curate, with any knowledge, of Bis business. There is a great want among middle-class, people in the- neigh bourhood, of London and, otfier great cities or wwm, of an. intelligent knowledge of horticul tuje. people, would be willing enough to pay for this knowledge if they could only gat S. Onrhwes or our grapa vines. develop, symptoms of#«iw, and we do not kmar ho* to wrest it «i» «m enough in the case of the. * human jntyeefe' We send for- the doctor We send fora in*a wlio has made medicine or surgery -$ekfp* both) tbe atudy ot his life, and; he feus tu whit to do, snd, if neeesswy, h» does it. WoWt *bf ehould we not know to whom to *«ifl. in. otir U«Wcnltwtf dflemnw? *Why ^^^^^^^^^Hpur diplomatised horticul ^^^^^H^^Ve might send to rescue our ^^^?HfiDwers from disease or death f Surely ^^^H'ieasanter occupation to bud roses or to ^^^?ruilt trees, than to cut off human legs or ^^^Vttild to extirpate horrid cancers f A, ^^H^gh knowledge of botany and horticulture ^^Vf mono difficult to obtain, and is not less ^H5nng when attained, than an equal know ?Ke of surgery and medicine. Why, then, Should should, these pursuits not be erected into, a ' gtmtlemanly protession 1 ' ' Why not, in deed 1 and why not ajso, I beg leave to add, into a ladylike profession 1 I glace the sugges tion before the readers of The Queen, as afford ing a new and perfectly legitimate opening for the employment of women, and in a field in wnich numbers of ladi,cs already excel, more particularly as practical gardeners, en amateur, Ho doubt, but with a skill and taste which are not to be met with, in men following the pro fession or business of gardeners, except a few at the very top of the profession. Wliy should we not have our female Paxtons and Keuts ? Mrs. London, instructed no doubt by her talonted husband, imbibed a great taste for and love ot the art ; and other ladies might find in horticulture a profession which would be re munerative, and could not detract iu itself in. any way from their social status as gentle women. Leaving the laying out of landscape gardens and parks to the gentlemen, there is still, in, other branches of gardening, a wide field open, in which kdies thorougbjy educated in the sciences, of horticulture and botany might find employ ment, and in which their less fortunate sisters, with ordinary strength :*n leas preliminary train ing might work. I remember, a short tiiuo since, reading an account of a college or school of horticulture for women in America, and it has long been matter of astonishment to me that, in tlie preseut dearth of remunerative employ ment for women of the middle class, no one has yet thought of making them ' gardeners.' The idea was suggested many years ago, in my hear ing, by a well-known literary gentleman, and was called forth by the universal— and it now appears never-ending— complaints of the want of knowledge and, i aui sorry ito add, the pre da.tcry hum- of the numerous jobbing gardonerH n»y mother had in, her employment. I remem ber that owe of toy sisters and myself, in utter despair of getting any good work or good result in Luc way 01 noweraioreuect or iruit tor eating, from the coachman gardener and his numerous myrmidons of gardeners by the day, took upon ourselves the entire superintendence of the greenhouse and out-door garden. The former was a very large one, the latter a good-sized but very pretty suburban piece of ground. We only stipulated for the services of the mad to remove arge pots, dig the ground (where veiy heavy), and wash the greenhouse ; he was to be entirely uuder our orders. We went to work with enthusiasm, determined to succeed, and has a matter of course we did succeed beyond our hopes. Of course, if there arc women (but I am loth to believe it) so foolish as to be afraid of soiling their hands or spoiling their complexion by being much out in the open air, I do not address them. My suggestions are meant for those who look upon tlie duties of life seriously, aud who, being compelled by circumstances to earn their daily suDsistence, would find 111 horticulture nut only a remunerative but delightful occupation ; and if the Pail Mall correspondent be correct in his views, it would pay. He says : 'Of course, the question may suggest itself, will it pay '( 1 am quite disposed to think it would. I, for my part, and I have heard others say the same, woulc often be glad to pay my guinea for a visit from a skilled horticulturist.' If the want of scientific knowledge among working gardeners is as great as this implies, women, by taking up the pro fession, could do no injury to the other sex ; they could oust no one from his place, and 'would pimply step into a void, filling up the gap between the shining lights of horticulture and botany and the ignorant, obstinate, jobbing gardener, who very often takes the name of one without any knowledge of the duties, but a great idea of the perpujsites of the situation.— Tlue. Queen. EXTRAOEDINAnV PfiOCEEDtNG ON THE PAET or a Medical Man.— ^ The Melbourne Age gives the following particulars of a very repulsive pro ceeding :—Ou Friday last two little children named Ilcitschel were accidentally drowned in the Mem Ureek at Brunswick, and although the accident was witnessed, and there could be no doubt as to the cause of death, Sir. Candler, the district coroner gave instructions to Dr. Talbot to make a post mortem examination of the bodies. The parents of the children, who are iu very poor circumstances, reside in a small wooden cottage measuring about 20 feet by 10 feet, divided into two apartments, one being used as a bedroom for the family, and the other as a sitting-room and kitchen. The bodies of the children were removed to this house, and Dr. Talbot proceeded there to make his examina tion. Having commenced operations, he coolly requested the mother to assist him by holding 4-lm itnj,. *e *.!,„ Au:u mi.* _i . ,, ° »ut vruuLjr \il uic wuu. nut* Hnu uaiurauy re fused to do, and on remonstrating with the doctor for his conduct, the latter uncere moniously turned her out of the house. The viscera and other portions of the body were subsequently thrown into a bucket, aud the second child having been treated in a similar manner and unnecessarily hacked to pieces, the contents of the bucket were throw out on the ground outside the house, as if no more impor tant operation than killing a pig had been per formed. These extraordinary proceedings on the part of Dr. Talbot have naturally excited a considerable amount of indignation in the local ity, which will no doubt lead to the police making a full investigation into the matter. Itseemsasi the coroner is not without blame, as there was no necessity for him to issue instructions for the making of a post mortem examination in a case where there were witnesses to the accident, and there could be no doubt as to the cause o the children's death. A CoBiovs Story.— In the last number of the China Overland Mail we find the following ? —A curious story is in circulation amongst the uninese— curious us it relates to the allegec appearance of the murdered man's spirit asking for redress. Some time ago, a junk sailed from Hoifoong, containing a number of coolies for the baxracobns of Macao. Having arrived there, the live cargo was quickly disposed of, and the captain received as freight something over 1000 dollars. This incited the helmsman and some of the crew to league themselves with two pirati cal junks to attack the boat and to rob tbe cap tain of the money. Two orthree days since the junkleft Macao, going back to Hoifoong. On the way, near Chang Chow, tbe two pirates hove in sight, and the helmsman steered close up to them, when the pirates boarded the junk, killed the captain and threw him overboard. Here comes the mysterious part of the story. The master of the Luk Kee barracoon one night areamea a o,ream, m wmcu lie saw the ghost of the murdered man before him, saying he had been murdered, that he was robbed of his money, and that he wished the barracoon master to complain and, try to obtain redress for him, which be thought would not be difficult, as tbe pirates were sailing of Chang Chow. On tlie strength of this dream, tbe barracoon master complained to the Portuguese authorities, who sent wit a gUDpoat, and the pirates were found at the spot indicated by tlie ghojtt. It is said that; thejtrew of the attacked junk (who. had, come to Hong kong, since tbe rsbbery) had gone over to Macao ? one of thgrn, was the brotherof tbe deceased, and had been cut in several places. Whether there u any truth, in. the statement of the appoaranoe of tbe ghost or not, the fact* of the robbery and ! capture are correct. : I 