MINING TRICKS. On Friday afternoon the Great Ex tended Hustler's Tribute struck stoue, in sinking their shaft. A great rise in the price of" the shares immediately ensued; on that evening they were placed, long after business hours, at 53s; the next day, being a public holiday, the telegraph office was closed, and in the meantime "the Pups" had fallen considerably; at twelve o'clock they were still faUin.g'.Two gentle men of the Verandah thought that under these circumstances " a good thing" might be done by a trip to Melbourne, with which city telegraph communication was stopped. They therefore proceeded by the noon train to the metropolis, and when tbey had taken their seats in the carriage, a " mys terious stranger," who appeared to be suffering from the prevailing epidemic, so muffled up was he, was observed in the same compartment. He was critically examined by the two travellers, but both agreed that he was "no Sandhurst Bee hive man, and this conclusion being deter . mined on, both • felt relieved from all anxiety. The stranger" observed a sul len demeanor all the way to Melbourne, and did not,even get out to "refresh," although invited to do so by our friends of the " Pups." Arriving at Flemington, the train stopped and the " mysterious" made a bolt-clean away, to the utter consterna tion of his associates. He was observed to get into' a cab, and that -was the last that was seen of him—until yesterday, when he reappeared in his usual haunt Under the Verandah. He, too, had gone down to town to sell "Pups"—and he went to the Melbourne racecourse, to sell them there, as he knew that there the Melbourne brokers were to be found. He sold all be bad to sell at several shillings in advance of the market price then current in Sandhurst, and when he had quietly got rid of the lot, be an nounced the awful fact—"Pups' were tumbling down in Sandhurst—when he left at twelve o'clock tbey were offered at 43s!" The two other speculators went on to Melbourne, and went straight to the Melbourne Verandah. "When they got there, there was not the ghost of a human being about, and by the time the people returned to town from the races, the murder was out. The smart young man ■ from Sandhurst, who was no other than the mysterious invalid of the railway carriage and a well known broker, had spoilt the " little game" after.selling his own shares, and had effectually check mated the wide awake travellers from the Mall to Melbourne.— -Bendigo Addertiser. 