METROPOLITAN. MEMORANDA. (From. our City Reporter.). Melbourne, Gith Sept. As I said in a former letter,, the present Ministry. do not seem likely to have any of their important measures, or great card tricks passed into law, and certainly the rejection of. the Electoral Act Amendmenc 'Bill through its beiig "laid aside" in the Council isjabout. theo worthiest fate- that could. have befillen so crude- and impracticable is measu:e.: The idea. of Dutchgardening. the country. into- eqal. elector al. districts is not likely to. be effected. by the-Bill. proposed to-accomplish. that object, and. the addition to the. Assembly ot twelve fresh meimbers would 'not bring about a. politicaL millenium. bib would only afford- more- material for the. corrupt practices wherewith, the game of turning ministries, in. and out is, carried on: Althougk the Council.seems inclined to show the-.whito featlher,.and draw back. from the position of defiint- hostility it had ; so. recently beeni led by Mr O'Shanassy to assume towards the other. chamber, it by no means follows because the Council may consent. to a reintro duction of a Bill "something like ' the one laid: aside, that therefore it. will be 'disposed , to. pass such a-:measure. On 'the contrary, the Council. is. pursuing theo course it. almost invariably adopts when it has, arrived at a.foregono con clusion or determiniatiod. of shelviug a nieasure,?.iz.,:that of pro'orastinatifoni,,or postponement. The imbroglio between. the two Houses-.over this Electoral Bill has also issued in a little papesr warfare between a. leading member.. of each of thile Houses respectively. Mr O'Shanassy while condemning the proposed increase of members,. defended the system of dual votes. Sir C. G.. Duffy attacked the consistency of his compatriot, and - asserted and showed- that the great O:S, was at one time opposed to the dual vote,.and had when the population of. the country was not so large as now, formerly., proposed that the number of members in the Assembly should be increased to 93. Sir. C. G, Daffy also averred,'what is susceptible of proof to demonstration,,viz,, that the- head of the late Government had .been assailed by opponents who hated the administration " because the . head of the Government was all Irishpnan and a Catholic." The Age,. of the 4th inst, has an. articlegon this subject evincing.a.bitterness some what suggestive of its being the in spiration of making.such as are attri buted to the opponoents of the late Government.. The conduct of the Council, however, in the irregular man nor in which it shelved the Electoral Bill in the first instance, the summary manner in which, it threw that Bill out or refused leave to bring it in on Thurs day night, is almost of a revolutionary tendency, especially when considered in connection with its equally contemptuous treatment of other measures, notably one so much needed as the Mining on Private Property Bill. .I only hope that tendency may be ripened to fruition and that as the Council refuses to be re formed itself, and refuses to allow another place to reformn the Assembly, the Council may be snuffed out and heard of no more. The Assembly has been amusing itself in the interesting disceuiion of whether. the screw of heon menibers is to be contiinued or docked. Here again Mr Francis stops the way because he anud his colleagues are tnot'"all of one mind upon the question. Unfortunately they do- not seem to be that -upon any other or they would have -produced some better matured legislation than they I have done. However there- seems no doubt but what those hIon iembers who v imaintain the present Parliament should settle tile question of payment of mem hers are right in principle and fact.. People do notihing else now-.adays without being paid for it,. and 'why should they be.expected to undertake the, onorosm responsibility of governing the country which is so expensiveo of temper,.fr nothinlg `1. The `remains- of the, unllfrtunate Wardill havo been fiund, inquested,and buried, and some have- shed a tear over the unhappy mant's grave, though the Args. and someno othier literary ghouls mwould. have deuied hiits- the benefit of a tear .if they could. and: would have had -his remains burnt and hisanshes-seattsrcd. tothe- .winds for the matgnitude of his oiolnces.. It always strikes Ime that said. literary gitoulh are not very pure in their own hearts from. the merciless- way. they. are prone tol dissect and.gloat over the infirmities of' their fellows' They tried to mnako out that the managors of thei Sugar Comupany had compoundcd_ a felony" aid made it right withi Wardill and ..they would . not allow the latter to rest a few days in his watery grave without, traducing him to a further ex tent which may possibly have induced the deceased's ghost to free the impri soned body. from the nmud and rise in indignant protest. An extract from the deceased's letter to Mr Richardson reads :-"I have been a frightful' scoundrel, but have saffered dreadfully during the last two years, You need not fear that I will abscond. I bould have done so on Saturday bu.t had determined to drown myself to-niglit; but when I went home to. dinner the sight of my wife and child sent mo.te my bedroomn and I prayed to Gordthe first time fir years ... I ivould undergo anything if my innocent rola. tives would not suffer, &c.;" Instead of the brutal comments of the vulgar and unfeeling Melbourne literati, the fate of this. unhappy man suggests the verity of the ideas of' three.noble minds as much above Wardill's critics as theyl fancied themsclres above him. Godthe said in effect, that there was.no crime of which he might not have beeis guilty,: had he had the same preslisposing causes whicli led the criminal to commit it, arising trom hcereditary predisposition, anterior asso; ciates and early training, &ec.; The I te Lord Lytton sal I that if he were brought to book in the text world 'for his evil deeds he would argue the point as to why he was vermitted to do them. Dr Clhal mers said:-" The little I have seen in the world, and know of the history of mankind, teaches me to look upon their errors in. sorrow, not in anger. When I take the history of one poor heart that has sinned and suffered, and represent td myself the struggles and temptations it has passed through-the brief pulsations ot joy, the tears of regret, the feebleness of purpose, the scorn of the world that ha. little charity, the desolation, of the soul's sanctuary; nd "threatening voices within, health -gone, happiness gone,;-1 would fain leave the erring soul of my fellow-man with Himi from whose bands it came I" 