LITERATURE. Thea Magazines. BELGRAVIA this month is a lively pe containing, m acklitiou to the usual al of fiction, several highly interesting " Spring in Syria" is one of these Thc writer is iii raptures with the clin: scenery of Boyrout. Ho says : Tho elimilta anti scenery hare all tho elements foi derangements ol' our bodily (unctions. Sidos over i sereno ; an atmosphère pine, trauslticid, ¡ind exli the entire aspect of nature combining the elotnei grand and beautiful ; tho impressions produced by i towering to the skies, and laminen pc» replete "wi loveliness ; all imptvsM, with their various und oheei act.eristies, the minda ot those who are within their : Tho traveller over those mountains feels a buoyi seems, ns it were, to lift him from the earth ; and tu way lie will, theres uro objetas admirably adapted to sc cliurin tliu senses, to excite and ravish thu imaginât wonilef, therefore, that hu should be (i to alike norn tlon mid low tapir!vs, from lassitude and ennui; joyous brightness and beauty without shnuul lig cheerful serenity within; that Iii a mind should t healthiest und happiest slate for receiving tho ga; most pleasing impressions ; and that these should I; soires in his memory, and be ever utter recurred delight. Thc following account of a bull-fight Henry Pottinger, shows the stuff of Spanish hearts are made. The mei women who can take pleasure in wi tu such scenes as Sir Henry describes arc capable of practising the atrocities whi usually associated with what is called " civ in Spain. These atrocities are no doubt i full swing.andweshallhear of them in dui Of all tito living things »present ¡it thi fight tito horse and bull -were confessed noblest. La Perla means the former, a Ile the latter. We are told that the t combatant With tho gaTochn held low in rest, and his eye : the blood-shut, orbs which followed his slightest mic B!owly, almost imperceptibly KO to avoid provoking a lia backed La l'erla in a liait' circle, until tho poin spear lay atan acute angin behind tho shoulder of t Those only who were nearest, straining over the ba oateh, like'true tilioionados, the niceties of tho combat hear the words, "Ahora o nunca, por'mi vida, o niuerte;" and lilting La Perla witt» spur anti bund ai willi the inexplicable sympathy which exists betweei ruler and bis liorso, be hurled her at the bull. 60 rap thu dash, that before El He could make a half-turn t it. tile spear was in his shnnlder, driven with tho full ol'man and burne, with the full vigour of that trein arm. Bomalli t''0 terrific impulse tho blunt poini thrungli t ile lacerated hide, and irres- dslihle as tho lteei ol'the matador, thu bilge shalt followed, boring rliroiic and brawn anti mittele, right dova into the very iieart mighty bulk ; the mass still surged an¿ heaved and str against tito mortal agony, tho tough garrocha bent wand, and La Perla jeeled mid lotteren like a drunkei but- the arm ol' Mendez, was us a bar ol'steel. You won have Haid that thu hors* wai mipportiiig thu rider, bu tliorbl"!', Imidin,: by thc spear-shaft, war, MiHtainiiig the between his knees; amino the three remained, nntil tl convulsivo thvoo »lied out of what was once El Re. a Perla, though shivering in every limb, liad recovered frc exhaustion ; then with ono mighty elt'ort Mendez out thu garrocha, and removing his mask, saluted tin bax. Mendez was simply a butcher, ¡md his tory over the bull was precisely similar tt triumphs which are every day achieved ' Glebe Island Abattoirs. He got out of reach of the bull's horns, attacked him 1 behind, and killed him, with but slight risk. Tt is necessary that beasts shi be slaughtered, but why jjeople should largo sums to see them slaughtered after fashion is t> ns a mystery, AVIJI'CII WO can c solve by supposing, that tho patrons of 1 fights tiro in a semi-barbarous condition. Salli's continuation of "Imaginary London worth reading, although thc stylo of it is rat farfetched aud stilted. OASSBLT/S MAGAZINE commences a T story and finishes au old one. lt also joices in certain reminiscences of the Th A'apolcou, written by Lord William Lcnn and bas it number of other tales and sketcl as well, ¿"onie verses on thc Captain of : Northiieet, by Gerald Massey, ¡ire woi reading :-\ 80 often is the proud deed done, Hy men Uk" this ut duty's call. 80 many aro tho honours won Hy them, wo cannot wear them all ! Thoy make thc heroic eonimniipinep, And dying thin the natural way; Yet. lu our world-wide English raco Ennobled by that death. To-day I It brings thc thmighta that fathom things To anchor fast where billows roll ; It Rtil'H US With H SellSG of "-tiitr-s That strive to lift the earthiest soul. Love wns so new, nnd life so sweet, Hut ul tlie call lie left, the wino And sprang full-stuturcd tn his fpet, Responsive to the touch divine. " Nay, dear, I cannot seo you dip. l?or mo, I have my work to do Up hm-. Powii to tlie boat, Good-byp, Q-od bless you ! I shall nco it through." Wo road, uni il tho ri«lon dims And drowns^;' but, ero ibo pang be past, A tide of triumph overbrims Anti breaks with light from heaven nt Inst, Thro' ntl tho blackness of that night A nlorv stream! from nut th« doom ; His HtendfiiBt Rpirit bolds t ho light That Bhincs till Night In overcome. Tho sea «-111 do its worst, and lifo Un Hobbed out in a tmhhlinir 'Tenth ; Hut (irmly In the onward strife. Theront'inds a man who hath vantpiisht Death 1 A noni that conquers wind and wave, Anti towers above a sink hi ir deck ; A bridan nortiHH tho emploi? gravn ; A rainbow rising o'er I lin wreck, IT" <t:wd otheri; .nivod thnnnme UutiilUed that he gnvi» bl« wile :' And dyl>u» with in pure nu aim, lin bad tut need ti nave IIIH life, Tj'M' i ! Iimv tilt",- »hltne th« life <v/i ll»-,., 'I'bt'fut Ritllni'M ti I'mir «ça-gi rt Isle, Who nhcerlly taWo what. Thou ma vHt gi rp, And uo down with n heavenward «trillo! Tbs men who sow their lives to yield A ttlovlous crop lu liven to be ; Who turu 'n England's linvvost-lleld The un fruit I'ul fun-own nf the iea. With such a breed of mon so brave, Tho Old Land hag not hud her day ; Tint, long, hei- strength, with crested wave, dhall ride thu seas, tho proud old way. AiiT, THE YEAH ROUND maintains its higl reputation us a thoroughly readable serial The present, number is rich in gossip theatri cul, medical, and ot' other kinda. The following is a sample, showing how an actor played in two houses ou the same night. The actor was Mr. Farley; the houses, (Jovent Garden anti tho Haymarket Theatres, in London: At Covent Girden tho curtain ros« at halt-past six o'clock. In tho Haymarket the representation commenced at seven, At the former theatre Farley was cast for one of the witches in Macbeth. At tho latter he was required to impersonate Sir Philip Modulove, in tho comedy of "A Hold Stroke for u Wile." It was a question ot fitting in lits exits at Covent Garden with bin entrances at th« Haymarket. A hankney coach was In attendance, provided with a ii rosser, ligilted candles, t/io necessary change of costume, and the means ol altering Iiis make-up. His early duties as a. witch at Covent Garden fulfilled, tho natur jumped ii.to his ouch, aud. with tlie assistance of Ins dresser, was promptly changed from the weird sister ot tim tragedy to tho elderly bean ot the comedy, Ho duly arrived at tlie Hayniurket, in time to present himself as dr Philip whose first entrance upon tho stage ls in the second ant ol' the play. This part ot his task performed, he hurried »gain to Covent Garden being transformed nu tho road from Sir Philip back again to tho weird sister. Again he left the patent thean-" mid ranched tho Haymarket in timeto reap pear us .Sir Philip, on the second entranco ot that chuructet in the filth act of rho play. The actor acquitted himself entirely to tho satisfaction of his two audiences, who were, perhaps, hurdly aware of the extent of his labours, har, with very couuideruble strain upon his nervous system. Fur, to add ro tho difficulties of Ids tusk, ilia coachman, indifferent to tbs eounsel that tho more haste often signifies the worst speed, turning a corner too sharply, ran his fore-wheel against a post, and upset coach, actor, dresser, candles, costume, and all. This untimely accident notwithstanding, the actor, with assistance freely rendered by a friendly crowd, secured an other vehicle, a'nd succeeded in accomplishing au exploit that cati scarcely bo paralleled in histrionic records. This story is eclipsed by the following, given by Mrs. Mowatt : A curious instance of a double being employed in connection with a dummy to secure a theatrical illusion of a special kind. The play, produced attho olympic Theatre somet-enty years ugo. was an English version ot" the Ariadne of ThomasCorneille. In tho original. Ariadne, upon the discovery of the perfidy ol Theseus, falls upon a sword and expires. This cawstrophe was altered tu tlie adaptation, and a startling effect produced by tho leaping of tho heroine from a ro«k, and her plunging into tho nea, while the ship of Theseus is seen departing in the distance. It. was found necessary that three Ariadnes, similarly costumed, and identical in appearance, should lend their aid to accomplish this thrilling termination. Mrs. Mowatt, as Ariadne tlie flrst( paced the shore, and received tho agonising intelligence of the desertion of Theseus. A ballet girl, as Ariadne the second, climbed ibo rocks of the Island of Naxos, reaching tho highest peak to catch the last glimpse ot the vanishing vessel. The third Ariadne was a most life-like lay figure, which, on a given signal, was hurled from tho cliff, and seen to fall into the abyss below. Tho greatest difficulty seems to have been experienced at rehearsal in persuading Ariadne thc second even to walk up tlie steep rocks ol Naxos. The poor balletgiri had been chosen for this duty less oecausa of her courage than on account ot an accidental resemblance she bora to Mrs. Mowatt. " She stopped and shrieked half-way, protested she was dizzy, and milda fall, and would not advance a. step further. After about h df an honra delay, during which the poor girl was encour aged, coaxed, and scolded abundantly, aha allowed tho carpenter who planned tho rock}'pathway, to lead lier cire fuily up and down the declivity, and finally rushed up alone." At u curtain ene she was required to fall upon her face, con cealed from the iiudmneo by un intercepting rock, and tben tho lay (iguve took its flight through the air. success of tho performance appears to have been com plex. The substitution ol the double for Ariadne, and the dummy for the double puzzled even spectators who were provided with powerful opera glasses. ** Thc illusion was so perteet," Mrs. Mowett writes, "that on the first night of the leprosentntion, when Ariadne leaped from the reek, a mini started up in the pit, exclaiming in a tone ol genuine horror, ' Good God I siie is killed .' " Gossip of this light and sj>arkling kind, is always interesting. The following hypochon driac^ story is too good to be omitted. It is given in the sketch entitled " Old Edinburgh Doctors." Dr. Alexander Wood is the medical hero of the tale : Ono of his patients, the .Honourable Mrs,-, took it into her head Unit, she was a lieu, and that her mission in life was to hatch eggs. Ko firmly did this delusion take posses sion of hw mind, that by and by sha found it impossibl« to rise oil'her seat, lest the egg3 should got cold. Bandy encour aged lier mania, and requested that he might have the plea sure of tatting a'*di.-h «d'tea," with her that evening, and tim t fha would have tho very best ellina ou tho table, tihe .cordially agreed to this, mid when her gnest urrived in th« evening be found the tea-tray covered with some very valua ble crockery, whioh did not belie its name, for it had really been imported irom China by a relativo of tho lady, au Eust India nabob. The surgeon made a tow remarks about the closeness of the mom, naked permission to raise the window, and then watching an opportunity when tho hostess's eyo was on liim, he si-izod rho truyful of frau Ho wear and feigned to throw them out of tlie window. Tlie lady screamed, and, forgetful in her (right ol' lifer supposed inability to rise, she rustled from her seat, to arrest tile arm of tho Vandal. Tlie tusk was not a hard ono, for Ibo eccentric old surgeon laughed ns he replaced the tr»y on tho table, and escorted his patient to ber seat. The spell had been broken, and nothing more was ever heard of the egg-hatching mania. Dr. Wood was an Abernethy in his way. Another lady patient of his had a tumour in her throat, which threatened ber death if it did not burst. Khe entirely lost her voice, and all his ellbrts to reaeh tho seat of the malady were.'unnvuiling. As a hist resort, be quietly placed thu poker in the Ure, and after in vain attempting to get his patient to scream, SD as to burst the tumour, ho asked her to open her mouth, and then seizing the now red-hot poker, he rn ade a rush with it to her throat. The result was a yell of terror from the thoroughly frightened patient, which eil'ented what li« bad long desired-tho breaking of tho tumour, nnd her recovery. _ Thc CORNHIU, contains this month the con tinuation of "Zelda's Fortune," and Old Ken iugton, " a paper on" Anagrams,'' which word freely translated means stupid things, "Notes on Ghosts and Goblins, 'the "Fly-fisher in Winter Quarters," and other articles. Exclusive of fiction the " Fly-fisher iti Winter Quarters" is perhaps the most readable article in the num ber. Here is a sample describing what we may call thc flylishers library: No formal library is it, cold and stately, where tho visitor glides silently along, afraid thut tho ghost of any author whom ho should sacrilegiously duro io cxtrieute (Vom its gilded prison bars would at once rl»e to confront him-no smaller lint, rqiwlly tidy room, with every book lu its place, and every chair mut'ieiimtiiully correct in its distance from its neigh bour; but little real work is over done lu sue'i apartments as these. Our idell angler's study is small, and sooth to say would, from u woman's point nf view, ba even called untidy, as it ls sacred from all profane Intrusion ol honncmaids. Tho ! .iplder anil tho Hy reign lbern, as ut tho river-side, supremo, j Hooks, tnWtle cj«cs, bottles id' enrloiisly coloured nnd vblun ously smelling iMinpouncU, implements nf woodcraft., a binocular ¡ind a mlernc-cip«, lin mi elmira »nd shelves in ad mirable confusion, but-murk thin, yo women who would be over tidying tho sunni um -ils muster knows «xuetly where tu Hod euell ertiel'i .the Ii(;lir. is pi'uh.it.ly dim even lu Hummer (the w.,ri Iii owner n-vi-r li'ireuin ; tn' wolli iiikiud's siigKFn lim in about muslin curtain", and prrl'»vrlni' Ida old red ones), but tho lu\ o ur i to '.VIM I in; table ls drawn to the window which looks over tho little lawn, whence too tho flin eau dully bo neon sptuiur over t von ty IIIHCH ol' woodland. DoBldo lt IB the chair which Mio ungi r lindi! most ..i>inlitt leo to waking dreams; a olin i i* removed iiecuiifi" ol' ils comfort from tho ladla-i' vnooisiioi'f i/inofurott cullimbin-nw\ planted artistically (one more p.uentle'.sls, in rhinrn oscuro I) on Hie shady shlo ot Hie table. Rods and landing neta are neatly arranged in a recess between the bookcases. A print of Izaak Walton, from Alinaei's celebrated picture, together with two more portraits, one probably that of tho good Bishop Andrewes, tile other that of the founder of the flv-flsher's old college, are all the pictures that lie cares to hang in Iiis room. It is only in river side inns und cockney smoking rooms Umt you ever see por traits nf tho moister barbel nv leviathan jack, winch their capturer enured to be limned in the pride r.t Ins henrr. Much less doeo oui- ¡deal angler tolerate such atrocities as stuned lush in glass cases upon Iiis walls. Like Aristotle's magnanimous mau. lie bas caught so imniv lurge fish in his time, that ho can afford to dnspisu such I xi ¡KUI.tic display.' Take him oil Iiis guard, however-not e\eu tins perfect angler is wisest all hours, suv afloran evening's Kvmpathetic «hat on liy-hshing -and he will open a drawer in' the big table which contains a few tracings of monster trout, taken by him in such and such i " water, mid afterwards in water colours-you shall tee him I smile with ft depreciatory air ns lie puts them before yon-"A poor thing sir but mine own." The SUNDAY MAGAZINE III its Bemiuis ' cences of the late Dr. Guthrie, relates a story of Hugh Miller, which is specially illustrative of Miller's character. The article is written by Dr. Hanna, who says : I remember Dr. Guthrie ones toling roe in tho vestry-room that he was greatly perplexed about Hugh Miller. The haras sing work of editorship or tho Wttnexx newspaper-more Thun enough for one mnn-was beim; tarried on by him'along with literary mid scientific labours of the most arduous kind. The two were interfering whh ono another, the whole burden of them telling seriously upon his health and spirits. A lucra tive Hitmition in a public office Had just beon oifered to him, which he was hesitating tn accept. Dr. Guthrie, who doubt less had a larne share in getting him tlie oiler, waa greatly concerned about this not only from tho desire that Mr. Miller might bo relieved from all mere literary drudgery, and left free to follow his own chosen patlis, but. from a kindly care for his laniilyjnow growing up around him-an ample provi sion for whom it seemed so unreasonable to reject. That we might bring our united influences to bearç upon him to ; prevent this. Dr. Guthrie suggested that tho. three of .ns should breakfast together in my house to talk the metter over, and should go afterwards to the agent of the Marquis of Breadalbane (by whom tho oiler bad been made), who was fully informed as to the nature of the duties whieli occu pancy of the office imposed. At tho breakfast table Tluvh Miller could not bo got to speak much nnout the matter. Wo proceeded to tho agent's oflice. His explanation was clear and full, and, as it seemed tons, perfectly satisfactory. No other responsibility was to be incurred than what ÍB laid upon all publia functionaries. While we, by our questions, were bringing out this explanation, Miller sat silent with head inclined mid downcast look, ns usual. Ile nsked but the single question-" Would I be responsible for all the public money» that passed in the course of the year through the office ?" Of course," was the reply. Ho said nothing more, and we fondly hoped he would accept. The interview over, we passed out of the hall door, and stood togetherupon tho pavement of'Fettes Row, " Well," said Dr. Guthrie, " you are going to take it." Miller gathered himself up. and stood erec.. *' I find.^Jie said, "that lately my memory has been failing. I carrçrot trufct itasonce I could', and no power on earth will ever induce mc to take mi me u responsibility which I am doubtful of my capacity to discharge." We poured all kinda of arguments and remonstrances in upon him. He stood as the rock among the billows, utterly unmoved. As the two men, lie and Dr. I Guthrie, stood fronting ono another noon that pavement, which was most to be admired, the overflowings nf brotherly kindness in the one, the steadiness, nay. sternness ofprin ciplein the other P Miller, wo may be all quick to say, was wrong, but was there another man in Scotland wh", under buch circumstances, would have rejected mich an offer upon símil a ground ? GOOD WORDS maintains its reputation for containing interesting articles. The follow ing extracts are all that we eau find room for. Tlie first is a little song entitled "Waiting," and the second a sketch of a journey from Florence to Rome. A young fair girl among her flowers, And, as to blossoms born in May, Her morrows still brought sunnier hours Than made up sunny yesterday. Bhe did but wuit : " Hope is so sweet ; Wo love so well, my love and I ; Tho hours that come, tho hours that fleet. End all in uno glad by-and-by." A pale worn woman, scarcely sad, But tiled like those who, too long pent, Forget the joy they have not had Of tho free winds, and droop content. Bhe did but wait, " Ah no, to me Tlie silent hope is never dead ; AVliat ure tho days tlint tire to bo But part of the dear nays long fled Ï" He came : " Tlie wealth we need is mine ¡ And now ?" »« Alus !" she said, '* in vain. The love I love is noway taine, I wait who never comes ngain. Oil for my lover of old days, We two from all tho world apart. I must £o lone on earth's bleak ways, He is not not now savo in my heurt." He wed another, She, alone, .Patientand weary toiled for bread. And bygone still was never gone, Tue silent hope was never dead. Shu did but wait : " I have the past ; The new days live the old days o'er, Anti there abides until tlie last The by-nud-by that was before." Tile railway really skirts all that is loveliest and most inter esting in thia part of Italy, and there is scarcely a minute of the daj' in which ono cnn alford to leave tho window of tho raiiwuy-oarriage, scarcely a place one pusses through in which one doha not long to linger, and which would not amply repny a careful examination, first, wo have tlie ricli Arno valley, with its visions of old con venta, and castlcB with ser- | rated towers, standing ou the crests of hillsides covered with a wealth of olives and peach-treea, and themselves shut in by ravines of hoary snow-tipped mountains ¡-of villages and towns of quaint holmes, ull arches aud balconies, with pro jecting tiled roofs stained golden with lichen, and with masses of still more golden Indian corn hunting from the railings of their outside staircases. Then, we have a strange vulcanic district of umber-coloured uplands, tossed and runt into every possible contortion by some forgotten eruption. Then Are/.zo and Cortoua rise on their embattled heights, and Tlirasymone stretches out in its waste of reedy apple-green waters, melting Into tho softest of bluo distances: Perugia watches thu valley from its hillside ., tile convent ol' Assisi on ¡ts mighty tiers of arrhes strides forward towards the plain ; Trevi clumbers up ti hill so steop, that every house rises just above i he r<>of ol' its neighbour, with a olear view towards the sky; t,.u tiny temple of tim Clitumnus looks down upon its limpid rivul<-t; Ibo huge castle, and cathedral of beautiful ..coleto are baked hy the ilex-clothed mountain of Ban Luca ; a Assure in Otu brown hill bellin d Terni marks tho situ of the famous waterfall; aid all this beauty conies to aolimax nt Narri!, where the r.ver Nar forces itself through acluft in thè huge rooka beticuh the uicdinwal city, uud is spanned by tlie mighty arches of tlie bridge of Augustus. Bevond tills wo enter tile Cumpugnu, grim and desolate, with bùllitloca (cod ing amid its withered vegetation, and, as the malaria-hearing vapours of evening riso, und daylight dies our, in a rod streak bflhlnd an lawful solomn doinu, tho very sight of which mii6t send u thrill through tho benrtB of ail who recognise it, tho train passes through a,rift in a gigantlo wall, hisses under the iihiulow of a dim temple which wo aro told is Minerva. Mo lici, and, on platform of a shautiv, ill lit Htation, tho purlers eui! out KOSH:. The Illawarra Mercury understands that a fow of tito late ilount I'leusant'tntnero ara now bring re employed by that company on tho men signing nu agreement to renounce "ll connection with the Nuwcastlu Union nr am odier union, and obey nil existing und an v other regulation's thu tinny be made fur tho inaiuigenioiit nf thu mine. Au instiiTico ol! Imperial official iguorancc of Aii-tralhm g- ogniphy liewveu in be recorded. A day or two sliter: tho i hlef Heeietary (slr Henry Avers), received a despatch irom tho U-louiiil Emigration OoniiMi.-siuiieia (for warded through i no Colonial . Illeo), willoh boru thu following uddres'i i-"Tuc ChiefHecretary, llrlsbauu, South Au-tralln " Die despatch w¡is brought Irom England by tho last iiinil, H d wont on in Brisbane, nut tho mismito having been there dis covered it wiiH puned tn the Ollie! Beoretury ol' this oniony, tor whom it was inloudnd. 