THE AKQ-LO-ATTSTEALTAN IN LONDON. . i A cm ions mooting wan held at the Cannon .. street Hotel on IDtb May. I eay "curiou"," beoauBo Bono fifty or tixty gentlemen took the tronblo to cive attendance for tho sole \- purpose of affirming an abstract rosolntion to l: . .. ,ff ct ' T— iLia zitelL,, co-.:.t::g :f ir,cr(ihanls, londotvnem, and olhcrn, iolo rested in the colonies of Victoria, South iralia, and Tasmania, nro of opi- nl." that a lino of steamers to convoy jb mails, passougorr, &c; , from England to Meibourno in tlio space of forty-two days, vii the Capo of Good Hopo, will bo a great boon to tho colonies ; would bo largely made use of by passengers nnd shippers, r.nd would greatly increase tho traffic be- t'.v-.-on Great Britain and Australia." Tho :k:.ir was occupied by Mr. Laugblan MacKinnon, and Afr. George Collins Levey n i l-osBed tho meeting at seme length on tho advantages to shippers, to tho tab ny, and to emigrants of such a ser- vi j i as that contemplated. Colonol Pal ms seconded tho resolution on the ground snch a lino of stcamors wonld greatly h icfit tho colonies. As the conservative eh .raotcr of tho resolution left nothing to bo discussed, it was difficult to defiuo tho object for which we had assomblod. It ro- mured no ghost to como from tho grave to tell ns '.a manifest truth. To tho mercantile world Australia is anything but tho terra .. 'Qnila that ic was. To vouch, thereforo, th:' >. speedy and regular communication, by \- ;,tcver route it cnuld bo obtained, was l.i bily desirable, was but to tell us what wo Ml knew, aud what indeed was patent upon tin faco of it. The meoting was therefore enrous, inasmuch as it was invited ; foast off a skeleton. There was little to say — indeed, nothing — if r ue kept within the hounds of tho resolution, i'.'i whilo it was of an abstract character, it I'.t. l tho peculiar virtue of truth, if it lacked ti c merit of consistency. Iu this respect it . rv .y be called a hybrid reso'ulion. It would no ivithm the scopo ot the resolution to say it was desirable to get to Melbourne via tlio Ori.e in forty-two days, but you were called to order and asked to confine yourEelf to tho ci 'stion if you ventured, to dreouss how it v.Y- to ha done. Tbo thing to 'affirm was that ic '."as desirable, and the "fun of tho fair" wi to observe tho struggles a lot of practical U'.cn. made to say something that should bo . ni'j.o than a mere affirmative, and how they were brought up by tho worthy and good- tem pered chairman when tbey got— not out of their depth, but beyond the limits of the re solution. Mr. Youl warned tho meoting not ' dra expect too much, and advised any possible promoters of a company to go in for emi grants nnd cargo, because if thoy showed that if thoy could do tho service in forty-two days, they would inevitably carry tho mails and secure the subsidy. Another gentleman pointed out that tho voyage could not be done in the time, and if it conld _ that it would never pay ; whereupon Mr. Bowman said that Victoria had nothing to do with that ; what they wanted was the service. It waR a matter of no mo ment to them how much monoy was lost in the concern so long as Victoria got what she wauted. I can't say that tho rest of tha Vic torians present cheered this selfish idea. An colonists, we remembered that wo were in Cannon street, and wo also reflected that wo would not havo cheered it even in Melbonrne. Men don't usually enter npon speculations, with failure staring them in the face, but when they do undertake difficult enter. priseB, thoy hardly oare to bo told that there is no sympathy in storo for them if they should fail. In the end tho re solution was approved, and tho meeting sepa rated. The service is therefore open to competition. But as yet I havo sson no move on the part of any company to under take it. It is olear that to do tho service in forty-two days, a vesBel must have a large coal capacity, bocause she could not stop to -coal after leaving any port in the United Kingdom until she reached the Capo. Some of the Union Company's steamera have mado the run from Southampton to Table Bay in twenty-six days, and I think ono of the transports engaged in the Abyssinian war made the run out to Simon's Bay in twenty-foar days. Well another knot an hour would result in tho voyage being accom plished in twenty days, or thereabouts. Then, take a day at least for coaling and despatch, and it is required that a vcssl should maintain a speed of something like sixty-one knots to come within the soopo and intent of tho resolution to which I have drawn your attention. II a company oan bo formed to do this it will seenre the postal service of the Cape as well as that of Aus tralia. I fear, however, that while it is pos sible to run the distance in the time statod, it will never pay until wo can get a motivo power out of the element over whioh a ves sel skims. Mr. Summers, the sculptor, has soveral commissions on hand, and among them one of a fignre of ' Resignation" for Mr. Patriok Higgins. From an. outline of the model I ..got a glance at, it will be an impressive work. Some of my friends in New South Wales will bo glad to hoar that Mr. N. Chevalier has returned from his tonr as one ef tho suite of-H. R.H. the Prince of Wales to tho Vienna '. Exhibition, and that he iB now busy with work for tho Prince connected with the ex- hibition. From all I learn his Royal Highness is highly delighted with the sketches mado by Mr. Chevalier. I am happy to observe that Now South Wales has not been forgotten in our Naval \- estimates, the sum of one thousand pounds having been voted In the House of Commons \- on tho evening of 2Gth May for the purpose of erecting new storo houses on Garden Island, in Sydney Harbor. This sum, however, is only on account of £10,000, whioh will nlti- mately be granted. Mr. Tallerman has initiate a novel mo- " thod of popularising Australian meats. -Several hnndred meals are to be prepared at tho Australian Meat Agenoy Company's Do- partment of the International Exhibition, \- and despatched unoooked to various parts of the metropolis previously agreed npon. They will consist of Australian audi English fresh meats, together with the vegetables, horbs, and condiments nrcsssary for making the dishes required. These will ho placed in saucepans, needing only the addition of water and tailing in the usual man ner, whon thoy will bo ready for con sumption. The system, if successful, will enable good and nutrltivo meals to be placed at the disposition ot working men at their reBpeotive homes, or places of employment, whether indoor or ontdoor, thus bringing wholesome and palatable food within tho Yeaoh of all olaeses, it being estimated that the cost of tho various materials for a good and substantial dinner . for an ordinary family will be less than 9d. The result of tho ex periment will bo reported upon at a publio meeting to bo heldl in the evening of the 'day the experiment is tried. A meet ing of tho committee of observation is to be held at tho Terminns Hotel, Can non street, on 19th June, to fix the day on whioh the experiment is to take place. The committee of observation inolndes the names of Prince Luoien Bonaparte, the Marquis of Eownshire, Sir Robert TorrenB, Sir James Martin, Hon. Lady Burrell. Except Sir Daniel Cooper, tbo Hon. A. Michie, Major De Winton, and Mr, E. C. Booth, the names of leading colonists who ought to give thoir best assistance to an onterprlso of this kind, aro conspicuous by thoir absenco. Tbo com mittee of observation already inolndos over 100 members. 