'?ENGLISH EXTRACTS. CONSKQUKN'CI! OP DICTATION OK WoitKMKN' in- InF.r.iVxn. — On August Kith, one of the directors of the Irish Peat Fuel Company, with Mr. liudgeon. the manager, and thu secretary of the company, proceeded to the works at the I Jill of Down, county Weslnieath, for the pur pose of paying off the workmen and suspend ing the works on account of the recent threat to Mr. Dudgeon's life if he refused to dismiss a foreman named Hennutt. Tney also pro posed to inquire into any grievance which the men might allege against the foreman, whose dismissal the perpetrators of the outrugq had demanded. On arriving at the nearest portio of the works, Mr. Dudgeon and those ac companying him, including Mr. Cameron, one of the directors, were met by half a dozen policemen, who had received instructions to afford them protection. Mr. Cameron thought this unnecessary, and asked that the police should withdraw. But having received instructions to accompany them, the police refused to withdraw. While on their way Co the works they met a policeman, who told them that the men then employed, about fifty in number, had struck work, and were as sembled iu the yard of Bennett's house. The men, however, said they were not discontented cheered Mr. Dudgeon, the engineer, and said they were satisfied with Bennett. Mr. Cameron, the director, addressed the men, observing that it was a melancholy thins to have the exertions of liberal employers paralysed and their capital vnsted. The men repudiated all connection with the outrage or knowledge of tho per petrators, and stated that the parish priest had denounced them on the previous day. They expressed a hope that the directors would re sume the works. They were, however, paid oft, and the works stopped. A Stiianok CoMMEiicrAL Question. — A singular question vvas, so it is stated, lately raised by the custom-house of Marseilles. The question was this: — 'Is there any duty on strange gods V It appears, by his own account, that a certain French traveller was in Japan when the Mikado sent a mission to Europe for the purpose of obtaining theological data upon which to reform the Japanese religion in a liberal direction, that the people themselves took to much interest in the matter that, pend ing the return of the mission, the Japanese gods were regarded as reigning provisionally, and, as it were, merely on sufferance. Seeing them full in the public estimation in every sense of the word, the Frenchman thought this un admirable opportunity for securing a number of the depreciated idols at a cheap rate. It is not every day, he argued, that gods are sold at a great reduction, so he bought a whole pagoda-full and starccd for France with his bargain. But the custom-house officers at Marseilles mado difficulties, and actually claimed duties on the whole Japanese Olympus. The traveller protested. 'These gods,' he maintained, ' arc by no means abolished ; their claims to divinity are merely in abey ance ; show me your tariff, aud if I find gods are chargeable, I will pay.' The custom house secularists persisted thai; these were merely figuies, more or less hideous, in gold, silver, or bronze, and that they must be charged for according to their money value. ' Money value, indeed,' replied the cxploiteur of Japanese deities ; ' these are still, provision ally, gods, and, as long as the commission now in search of the best religion has not returned to Yeddo, gods they are, and gods they shall remain.' But he paid duty on the batch. Tub Population or the United States. — The report, in three volumes, of the nitith decennial census of the United States has just been published. The first deals with the subject of population, and 1 thu maps with which it in illustrated display its relative density in the diffeent States, the distribution of English, Germans, Irish, Swedes, and Chinese, the preponderance of education and wealth, and the political and geographical division of the Union from its origin to the year 1870. In the second volume the annual rainfall and the variations of temperature are shown by maps and statis tics ; and the relative predominance of the different diseases, phthisis, typhus, and ty phoid fever, and cpudiinic maladies are illus trated in the same way. The last volume treats of the wealth, industry, and commerce of the country, shows how far agriculture has been developed, and gives the present condi tion of the five staple agricultural products — cotton, maize, corn, hay, and tobacco. The total population of the United States in 1870 amounted to thirty nine millions. The pre vious census showed it to be thirty one mil lions'that for 18'i() twenty-three millions, and for 18-10 only seventeen millions. Thus in thirty years the population doubled itself. White men increased at the rate of 30, 30, and !$-) per e.ent. during the three decennial periods from 1810 to 1870; while the increase amongst the ncuro population, starting at 20 per cent., dwindled down to 22, and ultimate ly to 11 per cent. Of the thirty-nine millions of inhabitants these tables show that 5, 507,22!) are strangers. These may be divided roughly into air English speaking population and a population of foreigners. The former amounts to more than three mil lions, of whom nearly two thirds are Irish. Amongst the. foreign population, which in cludes .Mexicans, Chinese, and gipsu-s, the Germans form a proportion almost as large as the Irish in the other schedule ; and in New York and Pennsylvania they constitute a quarter of the stranger population. — European .Midi. Kiianci:. — Details have arrived of M. Thiers' reception at Lucerne of 200 residents, lie, Madame Thiers, and Mdlle. Dosne evinced the profoundest emotion, in replying to an ad dress, M. Thiers made the following Repub lican manifesto : — ' I have devoted my life to found liberty in France, and 1 endeavoured to found it under u monarchy. I did not suc ceed, and 1 have now .arrived at the conclusion that the one excludes the other. Therefore, I have become a Republican, aud have re solved to devote the remainder of my life to the furtherance of the Republican Govern ment.' A Gallant l'lnnr. — Between three in the afternoon and daylight next morning did the single English ship maintain a close fiuht with fifteen of the largest vessels in Hussano's fleet, and, by the well-directed fire of her gnus, sunk four of thein. Among these were their greatest galleon and the admiral of the hulks. Early in the action Sir Richard Grenville had received a wound, but he never left the upper deck till eleven at night, n-hen he was again wounded in the body by a tmisket-bnll, and then went below to have it dressed. He received another shot in the head while under the h mds of the surgeon, who was killed by his side. He re turned on deck, faint and weak, but high iu spirit as ever, and still the fight went on. By daybreak his crew began to want powder, and soon the lust barrel wns expended. Hy re pulsing such a succession of boarding parties, their pikes end swords were broken and other wise destroyed ; forty of the crew were killed out of one hundred and three, their original number, and all the rest were more or Jess wounded ; the masts had been shot away, the whole rigging cut to ^pieces, and the ship be came an unmanageable hulk. On finding her in this crippled condition when day dawned, Sir Richard proposed to the ship's company to trust in the mercy ot uod, not to that ol the Spaniards, and to destroy the ship with themselves — to die rather than to yield to the enemy !' To this desperate resolution the master-gunner and a few seamen consented, but the rest opposed it ; so Grenville was com pelled to surrender himself as a prisoner of war, and, after fifteen hours' engagement, was carried on board the ship of Don Alphonso liassauo. By this time the Revenge had six feet of water in her hold, three shot-holes under water, and all her bulwarks beaten .uvay. ' She had been engaged not only with the fifteen ships that boarded her, but in reality with the whole Spanish fleet of fifty-three ships ; she had received, upon a computation, 800 c.innon-shot, and the fire of pearly 10,000 soldiers and seamen.' — British Buttles, by '/ames Grant. The Cock Lave Ghost.— About the middle of January, 1700, all London was amused or frightened with the famous Cock Lane ghost story, about which the most absuid rumours were afloat, many of which Dr. Johnson was not averse to believing. The following ac count of the affair is given in the newspapers of the time: — 'In 1750 one Mr. Kent mar ried a young gentlewoman in Norfolk, with whom he lived happily lor eleven months and she then died in childbed. Her sister Fanny (who bad lived as her companion) and Mr. Kent became intimate, and removed to London in 1759, and cohabited as man and wile, and lodged with a Mr. Parsons, the officiating parish officer of St. Sepulchre's, Cock Lane. The woman was seized with smallpox in Janu ary, 1700, and was removed to more convenient lodgings, but died in February, and was buried at the Church of St. John, Clorkenwcll. The ghost of this woiran was said to haunt the daughter of Mr. Parsons, a girl about twelve years of ago. Scratching and knocking were heard on every bed on which the girl was laid. The ghost answered to pnrticular questions. An affirmative was expressed with one knock, a negative by two, and displeasure by scratch ing and knocking. Answers were given that her disturbance was occasioned by illtreat ment from Mr. Kent, that he had poisoned her in purl — i.e., beer or ale — that he would con fess his guilt if taken up, that she would be at ease if he were hanged, and that it wonld be three years before he wonld be executed. The ghost had promised to a gentleman by an affirmative knock to attend him into the vau|t where the body was deposited and there give' a token of her presence by a knock on her coffin. Prodigious excitement followed the report of these things, and many fully be lieved them. On the night between the 1st and 2nd February, between twelve and one o'clock, the gentleman, along with a friend, entered the vault, and solemnly required the ghost to perform its promise, but no answer came. Mr. Kent and several others then went into the vault, but neither could they prevail on le ghost to give a sign.; and the conclusion come to was that tho whole was an imposition contrived by Mr. Kent's enemies. An inves tigation was immediately set afoot, and on the 10th July William Parsons and his wife, Mary Fraser, a clergyman, and a reputable trades man, were tried before Lord Mansfield and a special jury, on an indictment for conspiring in the Cock Lane ghost affair, to .injure the character of Mr. Kent The trial lasted twelve hours, and they were all found guilty. So ended this famous ghost affair. 