Ol'DS AND ENDS. Sweet hove.- A beehive. A well-"'1-'1 woman is probably she of the alabaster ueck, marble brow, and arch . expres sion. > Missouri paper publishes the names of the ji/iysiciaus who have had " bad luck " with their oatints. New Tore abjures visiting cards, a gorgeously bound book being kept eu the Jin.ll table of every bouse for the visitor to write his uame. It is a curious fact that, while beaux are per mitted to go on in the way thov are Lent, belles are expected to go in the way they are told. This motto stands at the editorial head of the .1 Ibun y (Ga.) Xeict : " It is not rank, nor birth, nor itate, But the get-up-aiul-get that makes men great." Recently a minister concluded his sermon as follows : — " But I hear the rusting of silks in the pews, as if some of the ladies were impatient to leave; I will, therefore, say God bless you." Vanceburq, Ky., ministers complain that the young men of that village come into the churches, stare around awhile, aud, if their sweethearts are uot present, go out again with a great clatter. A Rochester woman, married to her second husband, recently sail to him, " Oh, how happy poor Charles, would bj if he were still alivo to see himself < t placed by a man as agreeable as you are 1" " Culture."— Fare (furious at being over- charged) — " I insist on seeing your book ot fares." Cabby — " I should be most 'nppy to perdoocc it, bit, but unfortunately I left it on tho pianoforte in my drawin-room, sir." Sense and Sensibility. — "You've heard about the poor dear duchess ? Isn't it too awful ?" " It is, indeed. Did you happen to know her Grace?" "Woll — or — No!" "No more did l! Happy thought — let us try and bear up." A Miss Buchanan, once rallying her cousin, an officer, on his courage, said, " Now, Mr. Harry, do you really mean to tell me you can walk to a cannon's mouth without fear ?" " Yes," was tho prompt reply, ''or a Buchanan's either.'' And no did it, A Cautious Company. — In ancient times tho I tenants of Lord Brcadalbane, having applied to him for a reduction of rent, had occasion to diuo together, before their landlord and chief bad sent his reply. When tliey proposed his health, therefore, they gavo it ia these cautious words- - I " Breadalbano— till we see." I An Omaha man desiring to gel rid of his mother I in-law at very short notice, induced her to spread I nitro-glycerine on her back to cure lumbago, and I then apply a hot flat iron. At the latest accounts I they bad sent into an adjoining comity to try I to get enough of the woman together to hold au I inquest over. " You shouldn't be glutinous, Isaac," said Mrs. Partington, as, with an anxious expression, she marked the strong convulsive effort that youug gentleman was making to bolt the last quarter or a mince pic. " You shouldn't be so glutinous, dear. You must be very careful or you will get something in your elementary canal or sarco phagus one of these days that will kill you Isaac." j l'ooit Consolation.— A sportsman was sealed with his servant nu a bank consoling himself under the fatigue ami disappointment of unsuc cessful pursuit "Well Pat." said he, " this is expensive work. I've been calculatiug that every one of these birds has cost mo about twenty pounds." " Faith, yer honor," said Pat, throw ing a dash of humor into the sympathising sim plicity of his reply, " I'm sorry for that, but it'a I lucky there's no more of them." I Marriaoe with Parsers. —In tho Bombay I Gazette we read A local contomporary says I that during the month of March Inst six English I ladies were married to as many Parses gentla- | men. Two of the ladies were married at Seeun- I derabad, one at Joonagliur, one at Julluudhur | aud two at Biccancer. Two of tho ladies ara I daughters of a colonel in the army, upon each I of whom one lac of rupees has been settled. The I marriage ceremony was performed private!) in each instance. We havo never much favored corporal punish ment in schools, but whether the substituto | adopted by a Wisconsin teacher is desirable is a little doubtful. When a pupil is disobedient, idle, or refractory, be administers to the delinquent a dose of castor oil. The only result of this treatment of which we have report is a pun, strangely and fearfully execrable, mado by tba editor of tho local nowspapor. He says stick treatment ought to render tho scholars "dosa- i!c." He evidently needs a quart or so liiin 8Clf. I Rome Revisited.— In tlus age of the world. I says Bayard Taylor in the Xew l'ork' Tribune, nn I man can be happy unless he accepts the Incvit- | able. There were those, doubtless, who lamented I over the introduction of knives and forks ami I toothbrushes ; and consequently I am not sur- I prised to find many of the old foreign resident I of Rome filled with a vague, formless laments- I tion at the passing away of tho old order o£ I things. But tho first impression I received, on I reaching here the other evening, was of the sin- gular brightness and cheerfulness of Rome. There is a rcmarkablo diminution in the num- | bar of beggars in tho strcots. More people work, and sing at their work ; neither monks nor priests forsake the thoroughfares on account of tho chango, and handsome young abbes aro as zealous as ever in their search for possible con verts among the English and American woineu. I cannot sco that any privilege of tho kind ha been lost, or is not as thoroughly exercised as over before ; and wbon I hoar tuo sentimental lament that Rome is ruined in becoming tbu Capital of Italy, I cannot help thinking of lliosa earlier conservatives who thought it worse than, ruined in becoming Christian. The Ultranion. tanes aro tho true lineal descendants of tha Pagans. As Laiiqe ah Life, and twice as Natural.— A professor's wife, who occupied herself souie times with assisting hor husband in making casta I of interesting objects of geology and natural his-. I tory (says a scientific contemporary), also for her I own pleasure sometimes made flowers and fruits I of wax and other materials; but notwithstanding I that she had become quite a successful expert in I this line, she found that almost always her effort I were criticised by her friends. Once, at a tec.- | party, she passed a large apple round, and stated I her confidence that this time she bud been quite 1 successful in hor imitation of nature's prcvluct ; I but her friends were, as usual, not of her ('.pinion. I One criticised the shape, .saying it would be more I natural if it were not so globular ; another rriti- I ciscd tho colors, and said it was better thau I other imitations, but that slio lind not quite hie I that natural indescribable peculiarity which dir.- I tiiiguisbes tho natural apples from the imitations; | almost every one had some fault to find. After I the apple hud been passed round und hud coma into her bands again, she ate it, without saying anything. Her friends had been criticising a real apple, hut never afterwards criticised Del imitations of fruit. Si'iRiTisK, — Air. Scheie Do Ycre, a professor lit one of the American universities, has recently written a work on Modern Magic, in which lib treats of such topics as dreams, and visions, ghosts, possessions, and miraculous cures. Ho believes in the oxistence of certain laws, aud tho occurrence of certain phenomena, which, though forming an integral part of tho human constitu tion, are not taken cognisance of by the ordinary senses. The practical conclusion at which bo arrives is, thut the mode of magic most prevalent at the present time, known as spiritism, has tbua far led to uo useful results, although its invstcrie» presont a legitimate subject for scientific investi gation. There can be no doubt, lie says, that modern magic, as far as it consists iu' table- moving and spirit-rapping, with their usual accompaniments, is neither the work of mechani cal juggloiy exclusively, nor, oil the other hand,, the result of revelations made by spirits, lit the mass of accumulated evidence there remain, bow- over, after sifting it carefully, many facts which cannot be explained according to the ordinaiy course ef nature. The power which produce these phenomena must lie classified with othor well-known powers given to man undor excep tional circumstances, such as the safety of somnambulists in dangerous places, the cures performed by faith, auu the strange exhibitions, made by diseased persons, suffering of catalepsy and similar affections. If men, under the in- fluence of mesmerism, iu a state of ecstatic; fervor, or under tho pressure of strong and long- continued excitement, show jwwers which arcq not possessed by man naturally, then modem magic also may well be admitted as one of the< means by which such extraordinary and as ye t unexplored forces are brought to light. All that (an be reasonably asked of those who so perenfip- torily challenge our admiration, and demand our reepect for the new science, is that it shall bn pmed tube useful to man, und this proof in, aa yet, altogether wonting, 