LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The Champion Kowino Match. — The time, February loth, is drawing close for the contest between W. Hickey and Rush, for tho cham pionship of Australia and £100 a-side, to take place on tho usual champion course, Parramatta River, in outriggers. Betting in Sydney is be coming brisk, and since the Anniversary Regatta, wricii nicKey was in splendid lettle, anu rowed, in his old form, beating Rush in two races, he has becomo the favourite, at 2 to 1. In spite of Rush's defeat ho has still many friends, who are on the lookout for good odds, but if Hickoy comes to tho starting post as well as ho now is, barring accidents, Rush, it is said, has not the ghost of a chance. Band of Hope. — The first annual meeting of the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle Band of Hope society was held on Monday evening last in the Oddfellows' Hall, Darby street, when there was a very numerous attendance. .The chair was occupied by the President, Mr. D. Gow, who opened the meeting with usual devotional exercises, and then gave a short address. A number of songs and recitations were given by members and friends of the cause, after which the election of officers for the ensuing year was proceeded with, when the following members were elected, viz.: — Presi dent, Mr. David Gow; vice-presidents, Mr. W. L. Kidd and Robert B. Cropley; treasurer, Mr. George Gilbert; secretary, Mr. Charles Giles, junr. Members of the Committee: Messrs. C. Fawcett, T. Jones, T. Morgan, E. Ford, C. Eden, J. Rodgers, J. Webb, and Robert Gow. Messrs. Cropley, Gow, and Kidd returned thanks for their being re-appointed officers of the society for the current year. After the usual meeting a committee meeting was held, when it was decided to postpone the picnic from Anniversary Day to Easter Monday, on account of their not being any grounds vacant to hold it in. The Coal Mines. — A deputation of colliery proprietors, consisting of representatives from the Australian Agricultural. Wallsend, Waratah, . New Lambton, and Co-operativo mines, waited yesterday upon Sir James Martin, with referr nee to tho bill ho has introduced into tho Legislative Assembly to regulate the employment of young persons in coalmines. The doputation explained ? that they were entirely in harmony with tho general spirit and purport of tho bill — that they had no wish to employ lads too young or too long, and that they would be glad to see legisla tive provision on the subject, as it. would be im possible for any colliery, single-handed, to intro duce a change. At the same time they pointed out that the bill, as it stood, exposed the colliery proprietors to punishment for what was no fault of their own, and they asked that, there should be some reasonable protection against those who would entrap them for the sake of the fine. Sir James Martin stated that tho samo idcu had already occurred to him — that tho bill had, in the first instance, been drawn very hastily, and that ho intended to move certain amendments. He explained that ho had proposed to reduce tho amount of the penalty, to allow no aotioa except with tho consent of the Attorney-Genoral, ' and to grant tho proprietors an exemption if they could show they had taken reasonable pre cautions to prevent tho infringomont of the Act. Tho deputation expressed themselves satisfied with thoso provisions, and stated that they wcro ?- prepared to do all in their power to carry out tho Act in its spirit. Somo conversation ensued as to tho naturo of tho work performed by tho boys, and it was explained that it consisted mainly of thrco sorts — door-keeping, wheeling-, and hewing, of which the third only was sever© labour. It was suggested, that lads of eighteen ' should not only be restricted to eight hours' actual labour, but should not be allowed to on- -: gage in tho work of bowing. Sir James Martin) ?' stated that there was a petition largely signed by tho minors in favour of tho bill, so that it would appear that thoro is not likely to be any opposition to it from any quarter. — Herald, Tasjjanian Coal fob Melboubne.— The I strikes rat Newcastle, combined with the high | price of coals at Melbourne, are producing one favourable result, so far as Tasmania is con cerned, by directing the attention of Melbourne coal- merchants to Tasmania, to obtain supplies ui iiiua uaui ui uuujuiuuity* xiiu opportunity now afforded for bringing Tasmanian coals under the notice of Victorian consumers is most favour able, and the owners of Tasmanian coalmines should not allow it to escape without endeavour ing to open up a trade which would prove both Tnv\fifnT-|ln +rt t.noTTl ortA l}o«nfl/»l«l tr\ flirt nnlr\Mr By the steamer Southern Cross, Mr. Geo. Brown sends 100 tons of Port Arthur coals, part of an order for 400 tons, which are to be shipped with out delay. We understand that Mr. Brown has received a telegram inquiring whether, and at what rate, 1000 tons of the same coal could be Bupplied. We also learn that an application has been made to the Port Seymour Coal Company to ascertain at what price their coals can be placed in the Melbourne market. — H. T. Mer cury, Jan, 17. The Coal Famine.— Tasmania is rejoicing at the colliers' strike in Newcastle. The Lmmceston Examiner states that coalmines exist at the Don, at the Mersey, Port Seymour, New Town, anc Port Arthur, and that there are unworked coal seams at Mount Nicholas, Fingal, and near the Mersey and Deloraine Railway. The coal at Port Arthur is a hard, anthracite species, throws out a great heat, and. is said to last as a heat producer thrice as long as the Newcastle coal. The Seymour and the Don being bituminous coal, are more suitable for steam purposes than the anthracite fromPort Arthur. In consequence of the scarcity of coal at the Port of Melbourne,. Mr. Howard Smith has decided to dispatch the steamer Dandenong to Hobart Town for a cargo of Seymour coal. The Municipal Elections. — The nomination of candidates to fill the vacancies occurring by the retirement of aldermen, in the Borough and surrounding municipalities takes place on Tues day next, 4th February. In the City Ward, there are four nominations to fill the place of one_ retiring ; in Macquarie Ward, threo nomi nations ; in Belmore and Honeysuckle wards, there is only one candidate nominated for each ; in Wickham, there are five candidates to fill the place of two retiring ; in Hamilton, four candi dates for the two vacancies ; in Waratah, eight candidates for three vacancies ; in Lumbton, there are three vacancies, but we have not received the names of those who are desirous of aspiring to aldermamc honors. It will be seen by the above, that in all municipalities there are more candidates nominated than there are alder men required, so that, in. each case, a poll will no doubt be demanded. Tendbbs.— We are requested to call attention to .an advertisement in another column, invit ing tenders for supplies, forage, rations, ice, for the year, commencing April 1st, .1873, to the 31st Mtarch, 1874. .Eull. particulars can be ob tained from Sub-inspector Thorpe. . Ppba-Box,— -The /mm collected in the poor-box at the Police-office during the three months end ing January 31st, wag £1 10s. 10£d. (including a gift. of 21s. from .Captain Stafford). There were relieyqd during the .same period three adult's iand.six children, to. the extent of 11s. ' Ebbatum.— In the account of the meeting of the Borehole miners,, which appeared in Tues day's issue, if r. Hunter is reported as having moved, 'That Hie Borehole mon accept,' &c.; ; it should have been, Mr. Hogg moved, &c.; British and Foreign Bible Society. — The annual meeting of the Newcastle auxiliary to this society is. announced to be held in the Court-house, on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock. Jaines Corlotte, Esq., J.P., will take the chair, and the meeting will be addressed by the Rev.'J. A. Nolan (a deputation from Mait land), and by several other clergymen resident in Nswcastle who are here at the present time. Anothee Effect of the Lock-Out. — The barque Gladiateur, which only arrived from Auckland on Saturday last, will leave this port on Tuesday next, in ballast, for India, to load there for Melbourne. Coals. — It will bo seen by our advestising columns, that Messrs. Gulliver and Ashman have opened the Victoria Tunnels at tho Bur wood Colliery, and will bring the coal on the railway to near St. John's Church, from whence it will have to be carted. The price to bo charged is very reasonable, so that our housekeepers need not now fear of being deprived of fuel during the strike. Pbimitive Mbthodist Seevices. — During the sitting of the Conference, the following ser vices will be held : — This evening, at half-past seven, an ordination service in the Brown-street Church; to-morrow (Sunday), camp meetings, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m., on the ground near the rifle butts'; on Monday, a. temperance meeting at Burwobd ; and on Tuesday, a social tea meeting in the Church, Brown-street. St. James' Chcmh, Wickham. — A tea and public meeting was held on Monday evening last, in a temporary building erected on the Church ground, in aid of the liquidation of the debt on the church. There was a large attend ance at the meeting. Appropriate addresies were delivered by the Itevs. Canon Selwyn, P. D. Bode, and J. Dixon. The proceeds of tho tea amounted to £15. At the public meeting, £150 was promised to be paid within twelve months/Should that amount bo raised in the time specified, a member of the church has engaged to supplement it with the gift of £50. Reinstation of Captain Habbis. — We an nounced last week, that this gentleman was sus pended by the manager of the A. S.N. Company from the steamer Lady,, Young, pending an enquiry before the Board of Directors into some complaints that had been made against him. The investigation was held on Friday last, and after hearing evidence, we are glad to say the Board decided upon his being reinstated. An Ex-Sbegeant of Police Shoots a De tective. — Great excitement was caused through out Dnnedin, N. Z., late on Saturday nis;ht and yesterday, by the news that detective 'Farrell had been fired at and wounded. It appears that between a quarter-past and half- past eleven on Saturday night, detective Farrell parted com pany with special constable Bain at the corner of Moray-place, and proceeded homewards. While walking along the pavement on the side of Moray-place, on which Mr. Matthews' garden is situate^lie heard footsteps of a person coming he thonghit, from the passage alongside the Masonic-hall. As he thought the footsteps were those of one coming on tiptoe, he was apprehen sive oC receiving a blow, froiri behind, and accordingly grasped the 'neddy' he carried, go that he could use it. The spot was in keeping with the deadly assault attempted. Saturday night was very dark, and this place was parti cularly dark. Detective Farrell turned round just as the man was a couple of feet behind him. He sawthe.mon, who he was positive was exser geant Ryan, pointing a pistol at his head. The man fired, but fortunately missed him ; in fact, he considers it waa ' through him so sharply turning round, and putting his head out of the line of fire, that his brains were not' then blown out. Farrell exclaimed, 'For God's sake, Ryan don't kill me, I'm rictt prepared to die.' Farrell got a few feet away from his assailant, and being too far from him to Kit him with the weighty stick which ho carried, shied it at his face, but he thinks his pursuer shielded the blow from his face by bis hands, which he had lifted up. Farrell, on throwing the stick, turned and ran, shouting, 'Ex-sergeant Ryan wants to' murder mo.' His pursuer followed, and fired two more shots, each of which also missed him. Farrell was afraid to run into his own yard, thinking he would be followed in and shot, and made for a right-of-way near Clermont-houxc, where tho fourth shot — the one that caused tho wound ? was fired. The bullet entered his back, striking the shoulder-blade, worked its way to tho front of the body, travelled across tho breast, and then passed out. Ex-sergeant . Ryan, at least an hour after the occurrence^caine to1 the !Eurd$eari* Hotel, where he was boarding. The words he used there were, it is reported, 'I hear the police have been inquiring for me, and would some one be kind enough to accompany me to the station?' He was cool and collected in manner. At the station, on being charged with shooting with intent to kill, ho remarked, ' That is a pretty chargo, certainly. ' It is alleged that there is ' motive on his port. This is scarcely the place in which to state tho motive assigned, which will almost inevitably come out during the hearing of tho charge. We have not ascer tained, what the nature of the defence is to be, but it was generally said that he intends to prove an alibi. At the polico court the next day, prisoner was brought up and remanded for eight days, bail being refused. — Utago Daily Times, 8th January. The Estimates. — The Herald's report shows that the following votes of local interest were passed by the Legislative Assembly in committee on Monday: — Large moorings for the harbour of Newcastle £900. Floating powder mogazine for Newcastle, £800. Additions and materials to tho new gaol at Maitland, £1000. Post and telegraphic office at Grafton, £2500. Post and telegraphic office at Inveroll, £1500. Police, buildings at Newcastle, £1200. Police buildings at Tamworth, £1500. Road, Grafton to Sol ferino, £2060. Towards opening road, Kempsoy to Armidalo and Grafton road, £5000. Road, Newcastle to Maitland, £300. . Mountain Pass, Nundle to Hanging Rock, £1200. Bridge Luskintyre (low-level) and approaches, £1000.. Bridge, Williams River, Dungog, £1600. Ditto, Ironbark Creek, £700. Ditto, Dingo Creek, Manning River, £1000. Ditto, Swampy Creek, Kempsey{to Darkwater, £150. Ditto, Dungowan Creek, £800. Ditto, Cockburn Creek, £800. Ditto, Broadwater, at Moree, £1000. Ditto, Saumarez Village, £500. Ditto, Yarrowford River, £1800. Ditto (low-level) over Clarence at Yulgilbar, £2000. Ditto, Beardie Creek, £500. Ditto, Bullock Island, completion, on condition that £450 be raised by public con tributions, £1350. Punt and approaches at Lansdowne and Ghinni Ghinni, £700. Ditto, ditto, Belmore, Macleay River, £250. Road from St Alban's to Great Northern Road, £300. Punt for Hastings River, £3.00. Ditto, Morpeth £450. Compensation to widow of Michael Govern, accidentally killed at Murrurundi Rail way station, while on duty, £100. — Maitland Mercury. 