p A. JRXi I A. MIBOST T . LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuisday. 18th Hovehhb. The Speaker took the chair at twenty-nine minutes past 4 o'clock. , ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Sir. SETHEBLAND, in answer to Mr. Bawdon, said-1. The Government had not yet received any fur&sr; report from the Engiaeer-in-Ohief for Harbours anA Eivers m to tioie best mode of makine the Richmond Hiver accessible to shipping; bat the report was in conne o£ preparation, and will be laid on the tattle of the 'House, when received. 2. Also, that an examina tion had been made of the entrance of the Tweed River ; and the report, when received, wsuld be laid on the table of the House. Mr. PARSES, in answer to Mr. Tanks, said— 1. A ' petition from Mr. William Deane, solicitor, late captain of No 2 Battery of Volunteer Artillery, had been for warded to the Secretary of Stftfco in October last. 2. Mr. Deane had applied to have bin case re-opened, bat was ivfu«ed by his Excellency the Governor as Com mander- in-Ghief. Mr. PaEKE3, in answer to Mr. Macleay, said a bill for the purpose of assimilating the laws with regard to the medical profession to those now in force in the United Kingdom, is now in the hands of the Govern ment, bat has not vet received its final consideration. JOtHr STOOK B iKK BILL. Mr BURNS presented a petition from the Chairman of the Directors of the Joint Stock Bauk, praying for leave to introduce a bill to renew their Act of Incorpor ation. ? ' LEG'S PARTITION AND BALE BILL. Mr. LACKEY moved, as a forma' motion— 1. That Lee's Partition and Sale Bill be referred to a select com mittee for consideration and report. 2. That such com mittee consist of Messrs. Parkes, John Robertson, Farncll, Clarke, S'ephen Brown, Combes, Hill, Stewart, and the mover. The motion was seconded and carried. L^AVE OP ABSENCE. On formal motion, by Mr. LACKEY, leave of absence, for one month, was granted to Mr. Joseph Single. SYDNEY TRAMWAYS. Mr. LTJOAS, on formal motion, obtained leavn to bring in a bill to enable The Sydney United Omnibus Company (limited) to construct and maintain tramways in and along certain streets in the city and suburbs of Sydney, and for other purposes. The bill was afterwards brought up and read a first time. Mr. EiPHAEL moved, as a formal motion, that there be laid upon the table of this House— 1. A re turn of the average daily number of children in the Protestant Orphan School at Parramatta in the year 1871\. 2. The number of children who died in 1871. 3\. The number of boys and number of girls appren ticed from the institute in 1871. 4 An account, in de tail, of needlework performed by the girls in 1871. S. A detailed acoonnt «f any work or labour performed by the boys. 6. The total cost, in detail, of the whole establishment for the year 1871, to be given under the several headings as follows : — Amount paid for salaries, maintenance, clothing, medical attendance, furniture, crockery, &c.; fuel, light, forage, and nil other misoel laueons expenses not included under the above heada. Cost of repairs, building improvements, Ac., made for, and en account of, the establishment, under the order of the Minister for Works, or of the Colonial Architect 7\. All other charges or expenditure of whatsoever kind in connection with the establishment, entered in de tail. 8. The like returns for the year 1872. 9. The like returns for the year 1871 and 1872, .respectively, of the Roman Catholic Orphan School. The motion was seconded and carried. PETITIONS PRINTED. The petition from the sons of Temperance, Mndgee, and that from the citizens of Sydney, againat the Per missive Liquor Bill, were ordered to be printed. COHEN'S ESTATE ACT AMENDMENT. On formal motion by Mr. BURNS., Cohen's Estate Act Amendment Bill was read a third time, passed, and transmitted to the Legislative Council. RAILWAY EXTENSIONS. Mr. SUTHERLAND moved, as a formal motion That this House approves of the plans, sections, and books of reference, of a proposed extension of the Great Northern Biilway from MurrurundLto Tamw^rth, laid before the House on the 5th November, in accordance with the 9th section of the Government Railways Act 22nd Victoria. No. 19. The motion was seconded and carried. Mr. SUTHERLAND laid on the tablo copies of plans and sections of the proposed extension of the Great Southern Line from Yass to Wagga, Wagga. DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOLS. Mr. STEWART moved—' 1. That, is the opinion of this House, the Public Schools Act cannot be satisfac torily administered while the administration is in any way subject to the interference of persons who. al though noting as member! of local boards of certified denominational schools under that Act, are hoatilo to the public school system, and endeavour to prevent the proper working of the Act, and systematically evade or contravene some of its most important provisions. 2. That State-aid to denominational schools encourages an effectual opposition to the full development of publio school education ; promotes the multiplication of schools beyond the educational requirements of the loea'.ity; dissipates the funds devoted to education; perpetuates sectarianism ; and impeaches the sufficiency of elementary instruction as imparted in the public schools 3. That it is inexpedient to increase the number of certified denominational schools. 4 That nil certificates granted to denominational schools should be withdrawn on or before the first day of January, 1875.' He said when the Public Schools Act was passed in 1866, it was generally believed that public education had at last been placed on a satisfac tory basis. For thirty years previously there had been contention between the advocates of national and of denominational education. But then the denomina tional board was abolished ; the national board pot a new name and a new constitution. The Council of Edncation consisted of gentlemen appointed by the Ministry that had managed, through all difficulties, to pass the bill. They were Mr. Parkes, Mr. Arnold Sir James Martin, Professor Smith, and the Hon. George Allen. The seoretary to the council had for a number e-f years been secretary to the national board. The conncil could not have been composed of men who gave greater promise of the satisfactory administration of the Act. The Council of Education was supposed to be exempt from outside interference, and especially from the inteference of the gentlemen who hid been hostile to the national system. No one dreamt that the heads of denominations could partake in the administration of the Act, ot in any way control the council. [The hon gentleman read the 6th aection of the Act, to show the powers entrusted to the council] They hod reason to expect that the council would be subject to no control bnt such as the Government might exercise. But it had become quite manifest that the oonnoil hod become subject to so influence that was not dreamt of when the bill was passed. The council admitted to the administration of this Act parties who had opposed the bill from the very beginning. The heads of denominations were allowed such participation in the administration of the Act as to limit the powers of the council. He wished to confine his remarks almost exclusively to the authorities of the Church of Rome. The authorities of the Church of England had endeavoured, in some degree, to influence the council, but not to a similar degree. The council allowed the authorities of the Church of Some to interfere with the administration of the law in various ways. This power was exercised by local boards. He {Mr. Stewart) had put questions to the Colonial Secretary on the 31st of last month on this subject, at,d the answers informed them that the local boards were appointed by the beads of denomination). Local boards and public school boards do not usually co operate with the Council of Edncation to the same extent. Local boards, as a rule, do not exercise the same amount of supervision over schools under their care as do public school boards. The Council of Edu cation recognises local boards as having powers and res ponsibilities similar to those of public school boarde, except that the latter nre held responsible for the col lection of tbe necessary local funds towards tbe erection ant) keeping in repair of school buildings. The Council of Education knows no other authority for the appoint ment of local boards than the beads of denominations. The first petition against the Public Sohools Bill wub One dated 3rd December, 1866, from 16 of the Roman Catholic clergy of Sydney, who alleged that the bill would entirely deprivo the Roman Catholioa of this colony of the freedom of education which they at that time possessed. If that was the opinion of those gentlemen, they could hardly be cx peotde to co-operate with tho Coancil of Educa tion in the way required by the Legislature. This petition was presented about six months before the bill passed into law. There was another petition presented d fevr days after by what was called the heads of denominations, from the bishop and clergy of tho Church ot England. It set forth that the bill would tend to check rather than advance education, and the petitioners regarded the bill with great apprehension, believing that it would be highly dangerous to the moral snd religions character of the community. If snch were the opinion* cf these gentlemen it could hardly be expected that they wonld favourably co operate with the Council of Education in carrying out the provisions of the Act. The local boards had endea voured systematically to evade and contravene the pro visions --f the Public Schools Act. He then proceeded to mention two or tbreo inntances in which local boards had systematically co-operated with the head of the denomination with which they were connected against the Council of Hdscation. The examination of teachers ?was one of tbe most important provisions of the Act, and yet not only had attempts been made to evade it, but it had been systematically ev»aea Brer .iiitee th» Public Schools Act came into operation. Hon members wonld be surprised to find that there an many teachers who have not .been examined, jujd who refuse to be examined. According to the papers that had been laid on the table, attempts to evade this proriuon had bees made. In every one of the public schools he believed this provision of examining the teaehan had been carried out, but there was one class of .schools, that taught by Boman Catholic -females, where this examUatio&iiad; not been carried «nt. These Eomiin Catholic females had been exempt from the .beginning, 06 read a letter from the Bev, Mr. Dwyer t* the Secretary of the Council of Education in leterence to the examination of these teachers, aaggatuig that the examination ..should' be conducted by a board of Boman Catholio clergymen, and a letterfrom Mr. Webster, then acting-secretary to the Council of Kducation, in reply, refusing to consent to the proposed mode of examination, but consenting to allow the question to remain In abeyance {or ft year, when the competency of the religious sisters as tetchers would be ascertained by the results of their teaching. The matter was allowed to sleep for some two years, and then came a letter, dated 19th June, 1872, from the Her. Mr. cheehy, to the secretory of the Council of Education. After a great deal of correspondence the matter was postponed again. Other correspondence afterwards took place, in which the Council remained firm ; but in last October there was additional corres pondence upon the subject; and the Council, after eix years' straggling, abandoned tbe subject, and allowed these Roman Catholic teachers to have their own way. They were to be exempt from examination, ana their competency was to be judged by the result of their work. That was a very easy way to get out of the difficulty. Bnt amongst the documents there was a report from Mr, Inspector Hicks, inspector of schools in the Qoalbara district, dated sometime in July, 1873, showing the results of the teaching of these religious sitters. This . report showed that the mode of conducting a school under the control ef religious sisters was not in accordance with the regulations of the council— siators not recognised by the council being found engaged in teaching, and one teacher, upon whose qualifications the inspector was to report, taking no part in the duties of the school. One of the regulations for the school boards was to keep the records of the school correctly. Iu one case at Beta, it had been found that the master of a denominational school had falsified the records, apparently at the instigation of one of the local board. By one of the rules of the Council of Education, annual inspections of schools are to be made. In a case of a school, in Pitt street south, where two inspectors called to make the necessary inspection, they were systematioalfy opposed, and they gave the inspec ion up. They were instructed to again endeavonr to make the inspection, but the result was that the local board refused to have the inspection made. The secretary of the Council of Education wrote to the local board on the 29th November. 1872, informing the board that thecertificite of the school would have to be withdrawn, ia con sequence of the obstruction placed in the way of the required inspection of the school, but the board were invited to send any explanation they deiired of the matter before the certificate was withdrawn. Correspondence took place between the Vicar-General and the council on the subject. The certificate wai withdrawn. But for the firmness of the council, in insisting on inspection or no certificate, the board would have triumphed in that caBe too. It was much to be regretted that they were not equally firm in all cases. About the middle of the year 1867, there was b confer ence of Roman Catholic clergy in Sydney ; and on the 13th June, 1867, tbe Vicar- General wrota to the council to say that the conference had adopted certain resolu tions. The firal resolution stated that the clergy could not and would not receive any books in their schools wnion were not sanctioned by their own Archbishop ; the second, that the Beries of books published by the Christian Brothers having heen sanctioned by their Archbishop, they would use them ; the third, that the Council of Edncation be respectfully requested to supply the books of the series mentioned. The council declined fci supply these books. These churoh authori ties were still as much opposed as ever to the public Bchools ; and not only the head of the' Church ef Rome, bnt the head of the Church of England alas, Biahop Barker, was as much oppofled to the system as ever. Bishop Barker said the other day at Bathurst that he was glad they were mtt in a Church of England school ; and he would be sorry to see ' ? public Bchool ' written over the door. And, no doubt, many people who know very little about public schools, would condemn them just because biihop Barker condemned them; Bishops of the Church of England and Bishops of the Church of Borne, generally, ran together. And he found, accordingly, that Bishop tanijan, speaking the other day at Gaadagai, told the people that if they Bent their children to the publio school they wonld tot long hold their places as Catholic clergymen. Documents proved the persevering attempt of the clergy to persecute those parents who sent their children to the public schools. They also remitted fees to keep their own schools open, and to draw away children from public schools. It was a great mistake to enable the Council of Kducation to grant certifi cates at all. They had seen what was done as to the Grenfell school. A Bimilar game was in process in regard to tbe Petersham school. At a meeting of the diocesan synod in June last, the Bishop of .-ydney and the Dean spoke on tbe subject. Resolutions were passed urging the Council of iSduca tiou ' in justice to grant a certificate.' 1'his contest was now, not between Mr. Palmer and the council, bat between the Synod of the Churoh of Kngland and the Conncil ot Education. Mr. Richard Jones, whese name was well known to them all, recommended a corn-Be of proceedings whioh was utterly disreputable, a course which would be scouted in any counting house in Sydney, fie recommended Mr. Palmer to transfer twenty-five of bis most reliable pupils to the pnbkc school, so as to bring his school within the terms of the law ; and aB Boon as he got his certificate to withdraw them again. He (Mr. Stewart) did not believe Mr. Jones would do such a thing anywhere but in the churoh synod, where the end was supposed to sanctify the means 1 The Bishop of Sydney did not disapprove of that proposal They would play the same rotten game that was played in regard to the school at Greufell. It was quite clear that, so long as the council was em powered to grant certificates, so long would they be compelled, to do so. The Council of Education having exempted teachers In some cases, could not now go back, and by and by a band of Chris-ion Brothers would be introduced to take charge of schools; and the ' holy men' most not be examined by acy but ' holy men,' UbIbss they abolished tbe denominational sohoels they would soon be in the same position as be fore the Public Schools Act was pasBed. [Mr. Lucts : Ho fear.] It might be said the denominational schools were as good as the public schools, and a great deal better. Who said thu p The people of this country had not said so. The people of no oountry in the world had eaid it. The deads of denominations bad said it— the b ships and tbe clergy. In the Church of Rome no clergyman must allow any opinion oontrary to the opinion of the bishop or archbishop. But men quite as well informed as any ecclesiastical authorities gave a very different acoonnt. In the August number of the Fortnightly Review was an article on 'the struggle for national education. in England,' by Mr. Mm ley, a man who never speaks bnt toenlight.n. He said the denominational schools did not make good scholars, because they made sectarian instruction the first thing. He spoke of an advertise ment in these words : ' Our church demands L50 to rescue 200 souls from dissent Of your charity help '.' This meant to e.tahlish a church school to swamp a dissenting sohool. He (Mr. Stewart) put tbe issue in email compass : This Legislaturebas determined now.for Desrly eight years, tbat tbe children of the country shall get, from the fctate, education that will do them good. But the heads of denominations have determined all along that the children shall get on education good for the church That is the issue ; shall the children be educated for their own benefit or for the good of the Church P The heads of the Church say they have decided their right to rule the education of the children from a higher power. If they have let them show it 1 If the Holy Ghost has given them such authority let tht m show their commission ! It is all a lie. they have no such commission. Now is tbe time to put as end to the denominational system, so far as the Statejia con. coined. He had purposely put these resolutions in such a form that members who objected to one need not vote against tbe whole; every member could vote for those which be approved, and against those he con demned. Mr. PARKES said that on this question of public instructirn be certainly bad often tbonght that tbe hon member for Eiama was a Jesuit in disguise, and that be was playiug extraordinary unties, upon the question in order to promcte the cause of tbe ene mies of public instruct! u. He bad listened to every word t at had fallen from the hoa gentleman, and he could not yet gather what was the definite purpose or object of the resolutions, or wbat had eiven rise to the resolutions. The lien gentleman told the House tbat very eoon pub'.io education in this country would be in the same position as it was before the passing of the Public SchoolB Act. The hon gen tleman must know that there was not one single fact connected with the progress of publio instruction under the Pub'ic Schools Act which warranted this assertion. Tbe last report showed that the public schools— the regn'nrly-esfcablisbeii public schools of the colony— had increased under that Act by a number considerably over 100. Taking the half-time schools, which were to all intents and purposes imperfect public schools, and taking the provisional schools, which were in reality incipient public schools, the increase was 403 schools. And while there had been this increase of the public schools, half-time schools, and provisional schools, the denominational schools had decreased by 106. By the last report of tbe Conncil of Kducation, the numbers were thus : In 1867, when the Public Schools Act came into operation, ICere were S88 public tehools— now there are 396, be aides 295 half-time and provisional schools ; miking a tot»l of, 691, or jtO3 more than there were then. , In 1867 there were 307 denonnuoationa! schools -iow there are only 211 ; showing ? decrease of 106. The. hon member said that because a certificate w»e granted to a Roman Catholio sohool at Grenfell, therefore there was an evidence that there was a falling off in the zeal and fidelity of the Council of Education in working the Act. He (Mr. Parkea) had no hesitation in saying tbat. what the Act clearly provided for was— what the inten tion of Parliament was— that in certain cases these. cer- tificate* should be granted to denominational schools. And he t icught the Council of Education would be open to the eorereet condemnation if they iu any way attempted to pervert the provisions of an.Act of Parlia ment, in order to carry ont their particular yiewa of Becuiar instruction. But let it be borne in mind that the system of secular instruction under the law was in reality the same both in] the public schools and in the denominational' schools. One great object of the law of 18CC was to improve the quality of education, and one remit had been tbat. the education in the denominational schools had been greatly improved. Indeed some , advocates of eacnlar instruction had been, opposed ta,,the .action of the council on this very ground— that they were raising denominational schools to the level of publio schools in efficiency ; and contended that it would be far better to allow tbe teachers of denominational schools to be appointed by the e'ergyoaen, who also may form what regulations thny choose, by which means there wou'd be a better chanoe of the Bchoobi dying out. But that was not the' intention of the Act or of the Parliament that passed it. It was provided that in all new districts the* first school should be a non-s«ctarkn school, and that no other school should be allowed in competition, to be assisted by the State, until that school attained a certain position and efficiency, tested by the average attendance of children. The hon member had told the House that the Council had fettered itself— limited its own powers, by its own aotion. It came out that what the Council had done to cause this wa? the sanctioning of the existence of local boards for denominational schools, or local patrons. Let hon gentlemen bear in mind that the Legislature of the conntry hod distinctly provided for the existence of these denominational schools under certain circum stances, as it did for the establishment of public schools. That being the case, hon was this administrative body, the Council of Education, to deal with these denominational schools it there were no authority with which they could communi cate? How were the council to keep np the sanitary condition of the schools p And all that the council had done was to recogniBe the local patrons appointed by tb« denomination to which the school belonged, 'ibis was done by the conncil for the means of communication, and for tbe carrying out of those necessary purposes for the proper conduct of the school. Instead of the council having fettered their powers, they had adopted the on'y practical means by which theycou'd eive effeot to their powers. Tbe hon mem ber referred to a number of occurrences of past jears to show how certaim members of religious denomiuations bad attempted to resist tbe action of the Council of Edncation. He ( Mr. Parkes) could see no use whatever in reviving the recollection of these things sow. It was not the case that any undue interference had been mani fested of late, beyond what every set of persons were fully entitled to — to follow their own views, to represent their own case, to advocate their own cause in their own way. It was obvious that for practical convenience the local boards were necessary, and it could not be stated that the nouncil had allowed these people to co operate with them except for tbe purpose he had already mentioned. If the council had allowed any person to say a nngle thing interfering with the system of education itself then there would have been some grounds for the hon member's assertion about the cooperation of these local boards with the council. Then the hon member said that the Council of Education had, in certain cases —in the cases of religious ladies belonging to the Catholic Church, who had been admitted as teachers in the Roman Catholio schools— yielded to pressure so as to contravene the provisions of the Act, by not insisting upon the examination of these persons. The provi sions of the Act allow the council to dispense with the examination and training in pertain cases, and this was especially provided to meet given caseB which were dls enssed when thn bill became law. It was then argued in the case of certain religious ladies whose aptitude for teaching was beyond all doubt established, and who would have the greatest repugnance to undergo an examination of this kind ; and in tbe cases of other persons. If the Council of Education were satisfied with the aptitude of the teacher, and the general result of the teaching were good, they might dispense with the examination. But the council had since come to a resolation not to allow any person whatever, on any ground whatever, to enter upon tbe service of teacher without submitting to this examination. The hon member, in the course of his speech, mud that this act of dispensing with the examination in the case of these religious ladies appertained to the whole class of the Roman Catholic schools. That was not the fact. The teachers in tho great majority of the Roman Catholic uchools were trained teachers that bad come out of the training Bcbool, and bad been claisified according to their efficiency. Eis hon friend (Mr. Allen) told him that there were not mure than four or five of these schools in the whole colony where the examination had been dispensed with. Was itnot pitiful— becausein the instances of some three or four superior schools, where these ladies were, all ladies of high character and high education— and the inspectors gave such reports of these schools, and of the attainments of these lodiei that it was impossible to doubt P The Roman Catholic school at Bathurst was the best sohool in tbe city. And St 'Vincent's school, in Sydney, went through a most satisfactory examina tion. The Council of Education hod. in accordance with law, allowed seme persons advanced in years, fathers and mothers, experienced teacher?, and a few ladies, members of a religion* order, to teach without having been examined. In the great bulk of tbe Roman Catholic schools the rule as to examina tion was strictly carried out Yet in tho face of all the sncceBB which had attenied the working of the syBtem, the hon member proposed to repeal the Act. The work of public education was eminently a practical thing. It would be a great misfortune, if for the sake of carrying out some theory, they were to adopt a course of action whioh would provoke the hostility of it large body of the people against the system. This system had been a great success : it tad promoted the establishment of schools by hundreds, had improved the means of education, had trained the teachers, and given general satisfaction. Such a system of education it wonld be wise to let alone. There might be some reason, as the hon member sug gested, to the Council of Education, in asking for a committee of inquiry into the working of the council. The gentlemen who had been appointed to the Council of Education were Sir James Martin, Mr. Arnold, the hon George Allen, Mr. Parkes, Professor Smith, Mr. Mr. G. W. jUlon, Mr. Duncan, ana the hon Mr. Holt. He knew of nothing to compare to the labours of Pro fessar Smith is this cause. For eighteen or twenty years that gentleman had, in the most unremitting ana painstaking way, devoted himself to tbe advancement of primary education ; and that without any reward or hope of a reward to tbe extent of a farthing. He knew of no man in the world who had done so much for education. In like manner all the other members of the Council of Education had devoted themselves to the public good in this matter. It was too bad to bring forward such a motion as this. He (Mr Parkes) would vote againat the motion as an unfounded attack upon the Council of Education, which was justly entitled to the confidence of the House. (Cheers.) Mr. BAKER suggested the adjournment of the debate. Mr. STEWART said as many hon members wished to speak upon the question, be wonld prefer seeing the debate adjourned, He wonld rather not reply to-nicht. The adjournment not being moved Mr. STEWAUT replied. His main object, he said, wai to enable the Conncil of Edncation to refuse the granting of certificates in future, and hon members, if. they disagreed with the remainder of the resolution, could vote for that part which included the intention which he really had in making the resolution. He dnaied, as had been asserted, that he was opposed to the Council of Education, or the public schools system. If the denominational schools were so valuable, where was the necessity for public schools ? Why could not the public schools be done away with, and nothing but denominational schools established ? He hoped that this question wonld be more favourably considered on a future occasion. The motion was then pat and negatived. PATBNTS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Upon tbe order of tbn day for tbe resumption of the debate, on the motion of Mr. Burns, that the Patents Act Amendment Bill be read a second time, the ques tion that the bill be read a eeoond time was put and agreed to. The House then went into committee pro. forma, and resumed. Leave was given to the Chairman of Committees to sit again on Friday next, Tbe House then, at sorca minutes past S o'clock, adjourned until 4 pm. to morrow (Wednesday), MaravUla Oocoa. — The Globe sayB ' TaTXOB Bbothzbs' Maravilla Cocoa has aohlevod a thorough suooem, and supersedes every other Oocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish the MaraviUa Cocoa above all others. For Invalid* and Dyspeptic*, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Jforninj F ait, Britiih Medical Journal, &c;, tea. 