! CHRISTIAN CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. Now-a-dayp, so far as Stratbalbyn is concerned, tbe celebration of Sunday School anniversaries by means of tea meetings is becoming almost obso lete, rural picnics being, to all appearance, more congenial to the feelings of both teachers and scholars. A few days ago we reported the annual picnic in connection with the Christchurch Sun dav School, and a brief period p^-ior to that a similar treat to the scholars attending the We3 leyan School. Tbe Christians, however, of this town still adhere to tbe time-lionoured custom, and celebrated their anniversary by a tea meeting held in the Chapel on Tuesday afternoon. Shortly after four o'clock the children were re galed to their uearts* content with the inevitable tea and cake aud other delicacies provided by the liberality of the congregation, and then dispersed to amuse themselves on the vacant ground at the back of the Chapel. A PUBLIC TEA followed nnd was largely attended. The weather being very hot snd oppressive, 'the cup that cheers but not inebriates,' was partaken of so freely and with such evident gusto as to charm tbe heart of the most enthusiastic Good Templar. The spread was a most excellent one, and re flected no small degree of credit on all concerned — smoke being conspicuous b3T its absence from the water, and the tea ctrong and proportionately refreshing. The tables were presided over by Mesdanies Leslie srtd Tonkin, and Miss Taylor, of Sandergrove, and the Bachelors' tray by Muses Hillinau and Totikin. The PUBLIC MEETING in tbe evening was well attended, and presided over by Mr. Alexander Gordon. The proceed ings commenced by singing ' All hail tbe power, &e.;' A prayer was then offered by Mr. Col bourne, after which The Chairman, in bis prefatory remarks, stated there were 70 scholars attending the school, and eight teachers. He was not prepared to make a speech, but thought it would not be out of place to say a few words to those assembled, especially the teachers, whose responsibilities were very great. To faithfully discharge their duties they should be filled with the Holy Spirit. If they had not that Spirit it was not because they could not receive it, for it was open to all who desired it. He mentioned that in some Churches they found n en holding offices who weie not members, and whose everyday life was very far from being in accordance with their reli gious professions on the Sabbath. Man's chief end was to glorify God and enjoy Him for ever, and not give himself up to so many of the frivolities of tbe world, such as dancing aud other light amusements. He concluded by ex horting them all to be faithful to their own eouls and the souls of those under their charge ; for they knew not the day nor the hear when thoy would be called upon to give an account el their stewardship. Mr. Alexander 'Kemp, of Milang, said they had met on a very auspicious occasion — that of tbe anniversary of their Sunday School. He most heartily congratulated them on the (narked improvement, manifested in their chapel accommo dation, maii3' of the seats having comfortable backs placed to them, and other slight alterations made to enhance the comfort of the worshippers. He would address them for a short time on ' The Bible,1' which was the most wonderful book in the world, inasmuch as it was the oldest of books, aud was also infallibly true, as it had God for its author, who never lied. Without it they would have no satisfactory proof of the existence of a Grejit Jehovah, or the origin of themselves. From beginnhj'- to end it contained fctoriea of a thrilling pathos that could never be equalled. It made man kaow hjostclf 5 «bowod how mankind had been thrown iuto a deep abyss of misery and woe through sin ; aud how a long-suffering Creator k'd borne with all their rebellion and stiff^ieckedness until He sent His only Son - the Son of His bosom — who left tbe courts of heaven aud took their nature upon Him to save them. He came to offer himself a sacrifice for sin— He, the Son of God, who was born in a manger be cause there was no room ia tbe inn. Let them trace Him from the cradle in Bethlehem to tbe Cross at Calvary, and could they find one s;ngle instance of his deviating from the objects of his mission? No. He cured all who catno to him for that purpose— healed all the ills flesh was heir to — and sent none away. He even penetrated the darkness of the tomb, and raised His friend Lnza rus from tbe deai. But a bitter time came when He was brought before Pilate's bai ; condemned and led to Calvary for crucifixion ; and was after wards led to exclaim in agony of spirit, while hanging on the cross, ' My God ! my God ! why hast tliou forsaken me ?*' But He gained the vic tory, and all mankind reaped the reward of His suffering. They then found He arose from the dead and told His disciples to tc go and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, aud of the Soh, and oi the Holy Ghost.' The Bible also told them of a night coming, which was now gathering deeper and darker ; but when its muiky folds disappeared there would be a day beyond of glorious splendour. It also told them that in addition to the reward for believing Chris tians there would be a day ot judgment, when every one would have to give an account of all their sins ; when the once rejected and despised Nazarene would stand as their JuJge, and send the wicked to eternal perdition. He then exhor ted them to. search the Scriptures, and follow all the precepts contained in that precious volume, and concluded by recommending to their earnest consideration the words uttered by St. Peter on the day of Pentecost, when be said, ' Repent and be imtneraed every one of you in the naiie of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye sliall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.' Mr. Colbouhne, of Hiuomarsh, was highly pleased being present that evening,: mors especi ally as he had been prevented visiting ttiem on three previous occasions through unforeseen cir cumstances. Sometimes in his travels he met very peculiar inJividuals — peculiar in their reli gious views, but he never let an opportunity pass of saying a word in favour of that Lord and Saviour who had done so much for them. On leaving Adelaide that morning, a rather peculiar person, smelling strong of liquor, came and sat near him on the top of the 'bus. No sooner bad they commenced tu^ir journey than this person endeavoured to enter into an argument against the Bible, which he said was not the book of God, consequently not inspired, and was nothing better than the commonest novel that was ever written. A long argument ensued ; and before they reached Strathalbyn tbe worldling confessed that he (the speaker) had got the best of him. Refer ence was then made to the importance of a word in season, and the harrowing scenes witnessed at the deathbed of a wicked person, which showed in an unmistakeable manner that a person could live without religion, but not die without it. If lh«y believed' the Word of God, why did they not take tbat word and follow all its precepts v Tbe Psalmist said, ' I bad fainted unless I bad believed.' If they believed in the Bible they would assuredly not perish. The temptations of sin were very great, both to old and young, but especially the latter. Even In God's house they were oce.-i«onally sorely tempted to think of worldly affairs, instead of those ot an heavenly nature, ftlosna in leading the child'en of Israel through the wilderness ; David when encounter ing the giant Goliath with a sling and a stone ; Daniel when plaeeJ in the lion's den ; nnd the three Hebrew youths who were cast into the burning fiery furnnce, if they bad not believed in God, would most as-suredly have fainted. Keli gion taught them the inadequacy of eariiily frirolities to satisfy tbe wanis of ninn ; for life was a complete blank without tbe Bible and i:s Author. It was like a vessel on the ocean with out a chart and no one at the helm ; for their life was an aimless one unless they bad the Word -if God for their chart, and their Saviour at the helm. He entreated them to study its teachings, so that at the last they would be able lo pay with the Apostle Paul, ' I have fought a good fight, 1 have finished my course, I bavo kept the faith : henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord the righteous Judge shall give me at that day; and not to »ie only, but unto all them also tbat love his appearing ' He sincerely trusted they would all meet in heaven. Mr. Thomas Ludlow proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies for the excellent tea they bad provided, and also for presiding at the trays. Mr. Colbodknj5 seconded. Carried unanimously. A hymn having been sung, and the Benedic tion pronounced, the meeting closed. A supper which followed was well patronised. The proceeds of the tea and public meeting amounted to a little over £7. 