MELBOURNE. (tbox oub own correspondent.) Tnesday Eveninpr. In the Insolvent Court, this morning, ! Michael Burke, one of the witnesses in the case of Wade & Co., the Geelong produce merchant insolvents, was committed to gaol for 14 days by Judge Noel, for preva rication in giving his evidence. Is it possible that the Smith v Smith and Armstrong case can be heard again ? There is at least a possibility of snch an undesir able occurrence, as to-day an application was to have been made by Mr Ireland in the Banco Court for a rule nisi to enter a new trial. Owing to the absence of Mr Ireland, however, the matter was post-' poned. To-day Mr Billing moved for a rule nisi to enter a new trial in the case Degraves v M'Mullen, and pending decision asked for an arrest of judgment. The application was granted, the motion to make the rule ab- j solute now remains to be argued. A lunatic named James Keefe committed suicide on Saturday afternoon by jumping ! into the Tarra near the Asylum. The de ceased had been out with his keeper, and irhOst crossing a bridge which spans the river near the Asylum he without the slightest warning rushed to the parapet and jumped into the water. The unfortu nate man was soon carried under by the current, and although the river was well dragged it does not appear with any suc cess. The deceased was looked upon as a harmless madman. A deputation from the Builders' and Con tractors' Association of Victoria, intro duced by Mr Whiteman, M.L.A., and headed by Mr Srmnel Amess, late Mayor of Melbourne, waited upon tbe hon. the Chief Secretary to-day to solicit the support of the Government for the measure known as tbe Contractors' Lien Bill. It was represented that as the law stood at | present contractors were often quite at the mercy of unscrupulous persons, who ob tained money from Building Societies, and instead of paying the fee for the bnildings for which contracts had been taken, ap plied the cash to other cases. A printed document was handed to the Chief Secre tary, in which a number of cases of alleged hardship of this kind were attached. The following will serve as a sample of the whole:—" A contractor agreed to erect a | large terrace in St. Hilda. "When com pleted he had about £1000 to draw. He then found that tbe terrace was mortgaged to a Building Society, who would advance no more. The builder had to call meeting of his creditors, and instead of | dividing tbe £1000 got nothing at alL" Again ;—" A gentleman of Collins-sti eet I got a new villa greeted on Emerald Hill. The place was completed in grand style, and the house furnished. When the builder got his final certificate it was found that the money had been got from a building society, and that the boose had been furnished out of the last money they would advance. The contractor had to leave about £200, finding himBelf unable to start the machinery of law agoinBt the repnted owner,'' and so on. Mr Francis said that inasmuch as it was ex ceedingly difficult to deal with one side of anch a question as this without well weigh ing the interests of other classes of persons affected, he would at present give no definite pledge of support to the bill. He promised however to consult his colleague on tbe subject, and to inform the deputation as to the result. The very latest ghost story comes from North Fitzroy, the newest and ju3t now the mnddiestof the varions suburbs of tbe city, and before I go any further -1 take tbe liberty to add that in tbe present instance the apparition is altogether a very different kind of thing from that remarkably misty and impalpable Spring-street affair, about which so much fuss has been made in the Daily Telegraph lately; that it is in fact a substantial ghost of the good old school, about which there can be no mistake. It has been seen flitting about the above mentioned locality night after night, with white garments floating in the wind, by scores of persons, and when you speak to one of the denizens the second question which he pats to yon—if not the first—is snre to, be, "Have yon seen the ghost?" I have not seen the thing myself, but I know at least three persons who have, and who de« scribe its appearance as a tall figure in loose white robes, through which a light shines with sufficient brightness to render the apparition visible for abont half a milo. It has been chased several times, but hitherto it has always succeeded in evading the pursuit, althongh last nighti it was nearly brought to book by a plucky little terrier—not given to superstitions terrors —who made for the figure, and appeared to be abont making a grab at its legs when it uttered an unearthly howl and disappeared in the darkness. By a singular coincidence the residents in the immediate neighbour hood of the favorite resorts of the apparition —which district, by the way, is shamefully destitute of police protection — are con stantly losing not only their poultry, but also their pots and pans, and any other "un considered trifles" that may have been left in their yards at night, but whether tbe ghost has anything to do with these petty depredations or not .is a point which has not yet been decided. As tbe attention of the police authorities is about to be formally called to the matter, the question is not likely to remain an open one much longer. In the meantime the fool, rogue, or mad man, a combination of all three, who is playing these pranks, is frightening half the old women into fits, and placing himself in danger of receiving a charge of small shot from one or other of the male portion of the population. The difficulty of pleasing everybody was never perhaps more fully exemplified than in the case of the new electoral districts as proposed in tho bill now before Parliament. There have been numerous .complaints already brought before the Government on this head, but perhaps none so bitter as one made to the Chief Secretary to-day by a deputation from M'lvor and Heathcoto which waited upon him to-day. They pro tested most urgently against their district being transferred from Bodney to Dol housie, and especially objected to being linked in unholy bonds of matrimony .with Hilmore, a place they said with which they, had no interest in common, theirs being a mining district, whereas Dalhousie was essentially an agricultural community. • The greatest regret seemed to be that ;they would be for ever divided from their present "liberal" representative, MrMac gregor—who, by the way, accompanied the remonstrants—and by whom they dolefully complained they wonld never be represented any more. Mr Prancis sympathised ; with the depntationistB in their prospective loss, but while doing so regretted that he could not help them out of their troubles without dislocating the whole of the arrangements in the schedule. He. explained that the proposed divisions had been arrived at after very careful consideration, and that the scheme of representation contemplated was one not of-jnero localities, hut of popula tion. and said that if once the Government began to break bulk in these matters, the whole scheme would go by the board. He therefore saw no way of remedying the wrongs complained of, and told the deputa tion that they mnst be content to allow the matter to remain in nubibus so far as any promise from him was concerned. The deputation then left, but apparently not without hope that an event'so repulsive to their feeliugs(as that of being tied to Kil more might yet be averted. St. Hilda having got its jetty, or at least a part of it, with' a prospect of considerable extension, now finds that the whole affair will be perfectly useless as a landing place from even tho smallest vessels, and wants a trifle of £12,000 to begin with for a break water. This modest request was urged upon the Chief Secretary, to-day, by a deputation comprising the mayor and borough coun cillors of St. Hilda, accompanied by the Attorney-General and the Ministei _ of Mines. Plans were produced, showing that one breakwater scheme which, how ever, was not advocated at present,-would cost £"3,000, but it was thought that the £12,000 asked for would do all that was wanted for the next four years. Mr Prancis, while giving the usual promise of " con sideration," held out no definite hopes to the deputation in the presence of a pressing demand for public workB of greater im portance to the general community. Judging by the opinions expressed by some of the leading members of the Council to-night upon tho Mining Bill, the measure is not likely to share a much better fate than its predecessor. Sir Prancis Murphy was one of the few who spoke in favor of the bill, and he made a good speech. The bill will probably get into committee, and whilst there will undoubtedly undergo some very marked changes. . , 