MISCELLANEOUS, THE BOOMERANG.—Colonel Fox, in his ad- dress before the Anthropological Subsection of the British Association, refers to the use of the boomerang in different countries, and remarks that he has traced this primeval weapon of the Australians to the Dravidian races of the India peninsula and to the ancient Egyptiuns ; and he stated that all these races have been referred by Professor Huxley to the Australoid stock, and that a connection between the Australian and Darvidian languages has been suggested by various philologists. In reply to the objection that the Dravidian boomeraug does not return, like the Australian weapon, he states that the return flight is not a matter of such primary importance as to constitute a generic difference, the utility of the return flight, due to the comparative thinness and lightness of the Australian weapon, having been greatly exaggerated. The essential prin- ciple of the boomerang consists in its bent and flat?tis, by means of which it can be thrown with a rotary movement, thereby increasing the ranges and velocity of the trajectory. In this connection the recent discovery by Dr. E. Palmer of the use of the boomerang by the American Indians possesses a high interest. This gentle- man, in the course of his explorations, found this to be the principal weapon among the Moqui Indians of Northern Arizona and New Mexico, replacing the gum and the bow and arrow. It is used more especially in killing rabbits, the motion by which it is thrown for this purpose being similar to that of a stone made to skip on the surface of the water. At a distance of twenty-five to thirty yards the rabbit is rarely missed howover rapidly he may be moving. The animal furnishes the principal meat eaten by these Indians, while its skin is worked into rugs and robes. The wood of which the Moqui boomerang is made is obtained from the crooked branches of it species of walnut, procured, by the barter of sheep, corn, &c.;, from Navajoes, who own the locality (the canon of Chelly) in which it is found. More recently, the same weapon has been detected, according to a communication to the California Academy of Sciences, among some of the tribes the California Indians, and it is possible that further investigation will show a still more ex- tended use of it among the Indians.—Harper's Magazine, A STUDENT at Giessen, the German papers natively say, has had the bad luck to kill his adversary at a pistol duel, fought with great bravery, it must be acknowledged, across a silk handkerchief, the diagonally opposite corners being in the combatnnts' hands. THE Jardin des Plantes, at Paris, has just received a young Lithuanian auroch (bosurus), the race of which is now rapidly disappearing This animal is the largest quadruped in Europe and attains a heighth of over six and a half feet. The few which still remain in the forests of Russia are reserved for the Imperial hunting parties. It appears that the true leprosy is spreading rapidly in Hawaii among the Chinese and natives, and has even attacked some of the European residents. Mr. Ragsdale, a lawyer in the practice of his profession, was one of the victims of this incurable disease, and as soon as he discovered that he was a loner he voluntarily delivered himsolf up to the Government, and was immediately taken to the place whore those found to be afflicted with this scourge are isolated from the rest of the population. THREE FAMOUS ADMIRALS COMPARED.— Lord Howe, by his forbearance, failed in obtain- ing that discipline, that perfection of mamœvre which the fleet ought to have attained ; Lord St. Vincent obtained a strict and ready obedience by a severity which nobody could venture to re- sist. Lord Nelson obtained a greater perfection than either, by the example of his own personal sacrifices, by the pains he took to keep the fleet in health and efficiency in every respect, and by his kindness and attention to the wants, wishes, and comforts of those under his command. The predominant feeling was not fear of his censure, but apprehension of not gaining his approbation. —Memoirs of Admiral Sir E. Codrington, A LIBERAL LAND LAW.—The following is from a San Francisco paper:— "The Govern- ment of British Columbia is offering splendid inducements to actual settlers—250 acres for nothing ! Ubder the provisions of the Land Act, assented to 21st February, 1873, it is may appropriate any publio lands considered stated that the Lieutenant- Governor in Council may appropriate any public lands considered suitable for the settlement and cultivation, and not being mineral lands, as free grants to actual settlers, under such regulations as shall from time to time be made by order of Council. Such grants or appropriations shall include lands surveyed or hereafter to be surveyed. No land located as aforesaid, nor any interest therein, shall in any event be or become liable to the satisfaction of any debt or liability con- tracted or incurred by the locatee, his widow, heirs, or devisees, before the issuing of the Crown grant for such land. After the issuing of the Crown grant for any such land, and while such land, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, is owned by the locatee, or his widow, heirs, or devisees, such land, part, or interest, shall, during twenty years next after the date of such location, be exempt from attachment, levy under execution, or sale for payment of dwbts, and shall not be or become liable to the satisfaction of any debt or liability contracted or incurred before or during that period, save and except any debt secured by a valid mortgage, or pledge of such land made subsequently to the issuing of the Crown grant therefore.' We believe that neither the United States nor any British colony has ever offered such thoroughly liberal teams (sic) to actual settlers. We understand that a number of Californians familiar with British Columbia have already taken up land under the provisions of the new land ordinance." BURYING THE WRONG WOMAN.—A remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander Street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on Jan. 2g a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the work- house, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certi- ficate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next proceeded to the under- taker s, purchased a cofiln, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbours assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sor- rowing friends to the graveyard and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however was closed over the remains, and , all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home, While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and, delighted at aqain being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane had really died in the House, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter Street. On hearing of the matter the agent ot the St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. THE Dundee Advertiser states that a Pit- tenween fishing boat put into Dysart laden with skate, ling, and cod. One of the cod, of enormous size, was purchased by a ship carpenter who lives in a neighbouring vil- lage. On the fish being cut open, the stomach was found to be so exceedingly heavy that the carpenter was induced by curiosity to open it, and to his astonish- ment found that it contained an iron mal- let upwards of six pounds in weight. MARK Twain, a few months after his first baby was born, was holding it on his knee. His wife said, "Now, confess, Sam- uel, that you love the child !" "I can't do that," he replied ; "but I'm willing to admit that I respect the little thing for its father's sake." — — — The Age says warrant has been issued for the arrest of Mount and Morris on a charge of murder on the high seas. MIXED MARRIAGES.—A member of the New South Wales Legislature, Mr. Ste- wart, has introduced the following Bill:— "Wherea (sic) it hath become customary with certain clergymen, when performing the marriage ceremony between a Protes- tant and a Roman Catholic, to exact a solemn promise from the Protestant that the offspring of the marriage shall be brought up or educated in the Roman Catholic faith ; and whereas to exact such a promise is deemed a derogatory and im- moral encroachmcnt upon the religious lib- erty of the community, and inconsistent with the supremacy of constitutional gov- ernment : Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Legis- lative Council and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, in Parliament assem- bled,and by the authority of the same as follows :—1. After the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any person to pro- mise, consent, agree, or swear that his chil- dren shall be educated in any form of reli- gious faith except in that which he holds himself, and any such promise, consent, agreement or oath shall be deemed null and void. 2. Any person who shall induce, entice, or coerce another into any violation of the foregoing section of this act shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanour, and shall upon conviction thereof be sentenced to imprisonment not exceeding one year, and to pay a fine not exceeding £50. 3. This Act may be cited as the Unlawful Prom- ises Act of 1873.' " 