OLD LAD J. IiS. (Saturday Review, J Oxk type of old lady, growing yearly scarcer, is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based ou the doctrines of Voltairo and Pnine's "Rii/litsof Man-" — the old lady who remem- bers Hunt and Tliistlewood and the J3irming- ' ham riots, who talks of the French revolution as if it was yesterday, and who has heard so often of tlio Porteus mob from poor papa that one would think she had assisted at the hang ing herself. She is an infinitely old woman, for the most part birdlikc, cltirrnpy, and wonderfully alive. She lias never gone beyond her onily teaching, but is a fossil Radical of the old school, and she thinks tho gods departed when Hunt and his set died out. She is an irreligious old creature, and scoffs with more cleverness than grace at everything now or earnest ; she would as lief see Romanism rampant at once as this new-fangled mummery the.y call 'Ritualism ; and Romanism is her version of the unchianing of Satan. As for science — well, it is all very wonderful, but more wonderful she thinks than true ; and she cannot quite make up her mind about the spectroscope or the protoplasm. Of the two, the protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for private reasons of her own connected with the Pentateuch ; but these tilings are not so much in her way as Voltaire and Diderot, Volney and Tom Paine, aud she is content to abide by hernncient loves, and to leave tho leaping-poles of science to younger and stronger hands. And this type of the old lady is for the most part an ancient spinster, whose life has worn itself asvny in the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional nega tion. If she ever, loved it was in secret, some thin-lipped embodied idea long years ago ; hut most likely she did not get even to this tin- satisfactory length, hut contented herself with hooks and discussions only. If she has ever honestly loved and been loved, perhaps sho would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a scoff The old lady of strong instinctive affections, who never reflects and never attempts to restrain her kindly weaknesses, stands at the other end of the scale. She is tho grandmother | jxtr excellence, and spends her life in spoil- j ing the little ones, cramming them with I sugar-plums and. rich cake whenever sho has tho chance, and nullifying mamma's punish- I ments by surreptitious gifts and goodies. She J is the dearly beloved of our childish recollec tions, and to the last days of our lifo wo cherish the remembrance of the kind old lady with hor beaming smile, taking out of her largo black reticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust into our chubby fists ; but we can understand now what an awful nuisance she must have been to tho authorities, and how impossible sho ntado it to preserve anything iiko discipline and tho terrors of tho domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to tho end, who looks very much like n faded old wax doll, with her scanty hair blown out into transparent ringlets, and her jaunty cap be decked with flowers and gay- colonred bows, who cannot rise into dignity or truo womanli ness ; who knows nothing, enn give no advice, has no sentiment of protection, but on the contrary demands all sorts of care and pro- tectionfor herself — she, simperingand giggling as if bIio were fifteen, is by no means an old lady of tho finest type. But she is better than the leering old lady who says coarse things, and who, like Berattger's immortal creation, passes her time in regretting her plump arms and her well-turned ankle, and the lost time that can never he recallod, and who is altogether a most nnedilying old person, and by uo means nice company fi r the young. Then there is the irascible old lady, who rates hor servants, and is free with full flavoured epithots against sluts in general ; who is like a tigress over her last unmarried daughter, and, when crippled and disabled, still insists on keeping the keys, which she delivers up when-wanted only with a snarl and a sus- picious caution. She has been one of tlio race of active housekeepers, and lias pridod liersolf on her exceptional "ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give it up, oven when sho can no longer do any good ; so sho sits in her easy chair, liko old Pope and Pagan in " Pilgrim's Progross," and gnaws her fiugors at tho young world which passes her by. Sho is an infliction to hor daughter for all tho years of her lifo, and to tho last keep3 hor in leading-strings, tied up as tight as the sinewy old hands can knot them, treating her always as an irresponsible young thing that neods both guidanco and control, though the girl has passed into a middlo-aged woman by now — a poor spiritless thing, that has faded before sho has fully blossomed, and dies like a fruit that has dropped irora the tree before it has ripened. Twin sisters to this kind is tho grim female become ancient; tho gaunt old lady with a stiff backbone, who sits upright and walks with a firm tread like a man ; a leathery old lady, who despises all your weak slips of girls that have nervos and headaches and cannot walk their paltry mile without fatigue ; a desiccated old lady, large- boned and lean, without an ounce of super fluous fat about her, with keon eyes yet, with which she boasts that she can thread a needle aud road small print by candlelight; an in destructible old lady, who looks as if nothing short of an earthquake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soit, helpless old lady, much bedraped in woollen (Bhawls, given to frequent sippings of hrandy-and-wator, and ensconced in tho chimney corner like a huge gray figure set to dry. Foi her the indestructible old lady has the supreraest contempt, heightened in intensity by a vivid remembrance of the time when they wero friends and rivals. Ab, poor Laura, she says, straightening herself, she was always a poor creature, and see what she is now ! To those who wait long enough, the wheel always comes round, she thiuks ; and the days when Laura bore away the bell from her for grace and sweetness and lovableness generally are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other litis a serviceable backbono that will last for many a yenr yet. Then there is the musical old lady, who is fond of playing small anonymous pieces of a jigging character, full of ir.'.ccr tunisjmd shakes — music that seems all written in demi-seniiqtiavers, nnd that sho gives in n tripping, catching way, as if the keys of tho piano wore hot. Sometimes she will sing, as a great favour, old-world songs that are almost pathetic for tho thin nnd broken voice that chirrups out the sentiment with which they abound ; and sometimes, as a still greater favour, sho will stand up in the dance, and do tho poor uucertain ghosts of what were once steps, in the days when dancing wns dancing, and not tho graceless lounge it is now. But her dancing-days aro over, sho says, after half a dozen turns ; though, indeed, some times she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it tho next day. Tiif. late Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel. — Our tolegrnphic nows has contained a notification of tho death of tho Hon. and Rov. Baptist Nool. Tho following linos aro from " Mon of tho Time : " — " Tho Hon. and Rov. Baptist Wroithesley Nool, M.A., now a Baptist minister and pastor of John- stroot Chapel, Bodford Row, was originally a clorgymaii of tho establishment, and ono of tho chaplains to tho Quoori, and for mnny yoars occupiod the pulpit of St. John's, Bedford Row, a chapol of oaso. Ho was born in 1799 ; is tho eon of Sir Gerard Nool Nool, Bart, by the Barouoss Barliam, and brother to tho prosont .Earl of Gainsborough, and wns educated at Trinity Colloge, Cambridge. As a pronchor during bis conneotion with tho ostnblishmerit ho was well known, nnd his labours in concert with tlio City Mission and kindrod socictios aro still romomborod. Mr. Baptist Noel has been long known as a controversialist, as well as a writor. In tho former capncity, among othor published documents, wo may mention 'Letters on tho Church of'Romo, addrossod tothoRov. Emmanuol Foraut, D.D. (1851), oansod by u mombor of his Bible-class becoming a porvort to Popery, and in which ho demolishes tho wholo foundation of Romanism. As a writor, ho produced, on his Becossion from tho Established Church, a volumo ontitlod "Essay of tho Union of Church nnd State' (1S-18) ; of courso in favour of tho view ho took of thoovils of tho Establishment. Previous to his going through tho ordinanco of baptism, in 1849, nppoarod his 'Essays on Christian Baptism,' sotting forth tho roasons for his chnngo of sontiment ; and afterwards (in 1850) his ' Essay on tho External Act of Baptism.' In both works Mr. Nool endeavours to show that ' to haptiso ' moans ' to immerso ; ' that baptism by immorsion is tho only outward and visible sign of that inward and spiritual grace through -which one can bccomo a mombor of tho visiblo Church ; and that, consequently, tho Church of England aud that largo section of the Congroga- tionalists who practise infant baptism have no authority for tho rite. IIo hns also published ' Sormons proachod at tho Chapols Royal of St. James's nnd Whitehall;' 'Notes of a Tour in Switzorlnnd in tho Summor of 1S-17 ;' 'ThoGospol of tho Grace of God, illustrated in a sorios of Moditations ; ' ' Christian Missions to Heathen Nations ; ' ' Tho Case of tho Froo Church of Scotland ; ' and sevoral minor works. Mr. Nool hns also tried his hand nt a little poetry ; but if ' Protestant Thoughts in Rhymo' may ho takon as a specimen, wo rogrot to say that ho has not drunk vory doop of tho Cnstnlian fount." The late Bulweh-Lytton. — Our English tole- grnm has unnouncod the donth of this distinguished literatcur, of whom tlio following briof notice ap pears in " Tho Poorago : " — " Lytton, 1st Baron (United Kingdom). Croatod 1SG6 ; Bart. 1838 ; Privy Councillor 1858 ; G.C.M.G. 1870. — Edward Goorgo Earlo Lytton Bulwor-Lytton, son of General William Eurlo Bulwor, of Woodalling and Hoydon Hall, Norfolk, by tho only dnuglitcr and hoir of Richard Warburton Lytton, and Knebworth, I-Iorts (who by royal liconco, in 1811, resumed hor pntornal surname of Lytton.) Born 1805 ; married 1827, daughter o! tho Into Franois Massoy Whoelor, Esq., of Lizznvd Con- nell, county Limerick, grnndson of Hugh, Lord Massoy. Educated nt Trinity Hall, Cambridge, whero ho graduated B.A. 1826, M.A. 1835 ; was M.P. for St. Ivos in 1831, for Lincoln from 1S32 to 1841 ; and for Ilorts from July, 1852, to July, 1S66, whon ho boenmo a Poor; assumed tho additional surname of Lytton after that of Bulwor in 1844, in compliance with tho will of his mother, representative of tho familios of Lytton of.Kneb- worth, and Robinson of Gnorsylt; appointed a doputy-lioutcnantofl-Iorts 1851; rocoivodthohon. degree of D.O.L. from Oxford in 1S53 ; elected Rector of tho University of Glasgow Novomber 1856 andNovorabor 1858 ; his literary works arc woll known and vory numerous; was Soorotnryof Stato for tho colonioa from May, 1858, to Juno, 1S59. Rosidoncos — Park-lane, London, W. ; Knobworth, Stovenago, Herts. Hoir, his son Hon. Edward Robert, horn 1831 ; married 1864 tho 2nd daughter of the lato Hon. Edward Villiors, who was brothor of the 4th Earl of Clarondon (sho was born 1841) ; was attachod to the Legation at Washington 1849, transferred to Florence 1852, -nnd to Paris 185-1; paid Attache at tho Haguo 1S56, at St.. Petersburg and at Constantinople 1858, at Vienna 1S59 ; Acting Consul at Bolgrndo 1860 ; thon Secretary of Logation at Lisbon, and transferred in tlio snmo capacity to Madrid 1868 ; procoedod tlio Bamo year as Socrotary of Embassy to Vionna." 