A SPE€TJiAL SMALL BOY. {New York "Times.) That the small boy is a burden far more oppressive to the quietly-disposed public than any quantity of Scriptural grasshoppers pos sibly could be is a proposition that few will have the ill-breeding to dispute. Still, Nature has heretofore placed limits to the small boy's destructive career. He is either drowned by boating on Sunday, or dies in consequence of. an abnormal fondness for study and the Sunday-school, or else he sheds his boyhopd with his jacket and knickerbockers, and be comes that lesser evil, a noisy or even a humorous young roan. Such, until iately, has been the uniform course of Nature eo far j a9 the small boy is concerned, but it is "with pain that we are compelled to admit that Nature "has now capriciously departed -from her immemorial custom. Formerly it. was safe to consider that the drowped or otherwise i eliminated .small boy bad ceased from troubl J uig humanity, and bad for ever rested from i his undesirable labour- Alas 1 the citizens of I the quiet New-England villiage of Newbury port know only too well that death is no iong j er a barrier to the small boy's power to plague, or to hie ability to avenge his fancied wrongs. | In proof whereof it is only necessary to re peat the story of the spectral smaU boy of Newburyport. The ancient school- house of that village^ where scores of youthful Yankees have struggled with the spelling-book, and been grounded in grammar by the aid of the teacher's angular and convincing ruler, is now j haunted by a supernatural small, boy, who I flattens his ghostly nose at available windows, and thursts his spectral head through, vacant I stove-pipe holes. The schoolmistress, her ' curls trembling with righteous wrath, and her ruler ready to Teprove the trespasser has pur sued him in vain.: Just as lifer hand has des cended to clutch hie jacket-collar he has sud denly vanished, and left his bewildered pursuer with her'weapou uselessly poised or descending objectless through the unresisting | air. When windows have been darkened, and stove-pipe holes closed, be has still lurked in j the passage-ways, and amused himself in tnys ! terious divertions with a particular noisy hammer in the school-house garret. The prosaic Selectmen of Newburyport sneered | at the theory that apparition was that of a juvenile ghost. None but a flesh-and-blood j small boy, perverse in his instincts and void I of all understanding of the catechism, could, in their opinion, peer in at windows, or beat demoniacal tattoos with invisible hammers. They therefore arrested a casual small boy, and ordered him to coufess that he was the so-ealled supernatural culprit, under paio of prolonged imprisonment. With the uerver j sity of his kind this smalljjpy immediately made the desired confession, but as the ghost ly Paul Pry of the school-house continued his nnwelgpine visits, even whilethe Selectmen were hurling texts from ~th^-commfcntatory Psalms at their youthful prisoner,.the confes sion of the latter was credited by no one, and the supernatural character of the school house ghost remained unimpeacbed. . \- In the novel of " Henry Esmond " Mr Thomas Tomer is represented as remarking, as to his father's house, that "it was endeared' to him by many precious recollections." "Esmond remembered," sascastically adds the author, "how Tom's father used to flog him there.1' Similarly, we may imagine, that the Newburyport school-house is endeared to its spectral visitor by the precious recol lection of the floggings which he there under went during his earthly boyhood. If his course is to be taken as a precedent by other departed small boys, there will be an immedi ate end to the common-school system^ which is the boast of this country; Our school houses will swarm with immature ghosts re visiting the. glimpses of the rod, and no teacher can be procured who will undertake to. keep his living scholars in order, and at the same time pursue ghostly small boys with unavailing clubs. Even if the Newburyport ghost is not the forerunner of so extensive an evil, he is a proof that the small boy does not necessarily become inn<?cuous at the touch of death. Terrible as the truth may be, we are now compelled to believe that he can make the silent tomb riotous with the drums and whistles of living boyhood, and that set free from all fear of rod or ruler, he can make the school-house the perpetual scene.of a cease less witches' sabbath. A most amusing instance of speaking out in church occurred some years ago in.the parish of . The minister, in preaching upon the story of Jonah, uttered a piece of declamatory rhetoric to something like the following effect :—" And what sort of fish was it, my brethren, that God appointed thus to execute His holy will. • Was it. a shark, my brethern ? No-—it could not be. a shark ; for God could never have ventured the person of His beloved prophet amongst the deadly teeth of that ravenous fish. What fish was it then, my brethren ? Was it a salmon, think ye? Ab, no; that were too narrow a lodging. There's not a salmon in the deepest pule o' a' Tweed could swallow a man. Besides ye ken, it's mair natural for I men to swallow salmon than for salmon to | swallow men. What, then, was it? Was it I a sea-lion, or a sea horse, or a sea-dog, or the great rhinoceros? Oh, no J These are not ) Scripture beasts at all. Ye're as far aff't as ever. Which of the monsters of the deep was it, can you tell me?" Here an old spectacled dame, who had an eleemosynary seat on the pulpit stairs, thinking that the oiinister was in a real perplexity about the name of the fish, interrupted him with, " Hoot, sir, it was a whale, ye ken." " Out upon ye, you graceless wife that you are !" cried the orator, so enrag-d as almost to fly out of the pulpit at her. "thus to take the word out of the mouth of God's minister.''— " Chambers' Journal." Why is a hen atresfc like a eportman's gun ? Because it's a-fowl in peace (fowlmg'-peace.) " Dicky " Tcbseb, the Preston operative— the originator, it is said, of the word " teeto tal,as now used—was a rousing speaker, with an imagination that ran liot through all kinds of images. In one of his speeches he is said to have made the following extraordinary appeal:—" Let us be up and doing, com rades ! Let us take our axes over our shoulders, and plough the deep till the good ship of Temperance sails gaily orer the land ! " 