THE SPIRIT OF THE " AGE" AND THE CHUBCH., To the Editor of the Advocate. Deab Sib,—The spirit of the "age," ,phich is "the spirit of lies," would jaeluce and decoy the unthinking and the iwajy amongst the children of tie Church om their allegiance and obedience to her ito a false and fatal attitude of resistance id rebellion. The delusive prospect is aid out to them of securing their liberty id independence by desertion. The •" Father of lies" first dared to make ,jis dangerous experiment in High Heaven Itself. He succeeded in seducing legions )f other unhappy spirits to "dare use heir immortality, aad to dare look the )mnipotent in his everlasting face and ell him that his evil is not good." They Jired, and thus succeeded in securing phatP Their liberty Jand independence? Phey secured "a dreary and an early loom," deep damnation and utter ruin. Envy, "first-born of Hell," urged this line " Father of lies" to try on earth what ad so fatally "failed in. Heaven. 'He raght to seduce' our first parents from neir allegiance and obedience >to their Creator and their God. He used the same (elusive temptation. Liberty! Indepensncel. Hejlyingly promised as the reward their disobedience that they should not [die the death, their eyes should be opened, "id they should be as gods, knowing good id evil." They unhappily yielded to j he seduction, and what was the result,? : jiberty (and independence? Yes, the iberty of Bin, of shame, aaid of sorrow; he independence of disease, of death, and |f the abominable tyranny of the Devil, I He who was "a liar from the beginning," lies his vile trade assiduously still. He J I 1 seduces, deceives, destroys,.and then ldishly laughs at the destruction which makes. The deceit which he: uses- is ~ the same—the forbidden fruit of false tide, now euphonisticklly called the tone p the'times, the spirit:of the "age"—the ~e tone which -swelled into a shriek of lairin heaven and a cry of woe in para-' . Ohj how artfully the hiss of the iedserpent dwells in-that direful tone! ten,/who call themselves Catholics, are Hide to re-echo it, under the delusion that >'ey are • thus • asserting their intelligence ieir enlightenment, their independence. •'• We now tear and read of the nineteenth itury being emphatically the age of civilitinn-arid enlightenment, .the time of inalectual progress-and development; wherei the' " moral grandeur of independent l -fegiity. has revolutionised the. tone of inj e ill k - ^l Plight and 1 the' mind of man," elevating ®to the proud knowledge of himself aid ,'owri greatnesS; whereby .he is'rendered f dependent 6f the teaching arid' the • au-' proStyiot only of lribn^lmfc^kiT itmrat ^atfd-^ven'of' his'Gfod. ! Tnjw faira^o of |W>ftoie wniienMi' thW'lbgicai;aHjeit the Nbastic, .definition, ofc.tWfci^ain&a;' and i used to destroy the-simple sense and traditional glory,0?, the ;^aame "Catholic"— the venerable name wwen the ,great J, St. Augustiiie' dibTaired fifteen ' Tfandred "S&f; 3 ago wus' okfe Of 'the strongest iretetins imich retained him within .the bokoin of the H61y CathoHc Ctidrdi.'' ' Let me assert it—mhiplji strongly, and solemnly—that alibei-al, fndependeiit Catholic (in the sense in wMch 'the tkms aire used) is a logical absurdity, a religious impossibility. A Catholic 6aimot be' liberal m either 1 Ids faith'or his morals^-cannbt be independent «t his Churbh, If he ,try. to be euher the die or the other, he ceases to be a Catholic; jet wlbkt fa woMe, and fai more disgusting in'itself and disgraceful to this "independent" rnari of''^roved Jntdlect and mOral granfleuri he still calls himself a Catholic. Be is a rotten branch, only fit for the'fire; ' a 1 scabby sheep whicli might infect a whole flock. Here is the proof, plain'and palpable. The Church of God—that is, according to the Apostles' Creed, the holy Catholic Church—arrives iier authority from Jesus Christ, directly and immediately. Sent Himself by His eternal Father, He sent his apostle's and their successors in the Christian Ministry in the same manner ittd with the same power, exactly as "himself. In John xx., 21, he tells his apostles that " aa the Father hath sent me, so I also send you." ' In Matthew, chap. 28, V. 18, 19, 20, he telle them " Ail power is given to me in heaven and in eatth; go ye therefore and teacli all nations." This power, and this .mission were given to, their 'successors for ever, for he was to be " with them all days, even to the 'consummation of the world" (Matthew izviii., 20). He .promised and ! sent the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of tfuth, to" abide with them for ever (John xiv. 16). He gave, according to St. Paul, some to. be apostles, and some prophets, and others evangelists, and others pastors and teachers, for the perfection of the saints, for the work'of the ministry, unto 'the edification of the body of Christ, till we all meet in the unity of faith and of the knowledge of the. Son of God, : unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the age of the fulness of Christ, that we may not now be children, tossed' to and fro and carried about with every wind '6f doctrine, in the Wickedness J of men, in craftiness by which • they lie in wait to deceive (Ephes. iv., 11, 12,13,14). Hence, then, the apostles and ; 1 their successors, the pastors and teachers of the Church, to the consummation of the ! world, have the same mission and the same power as Christ himself. The children of the Church are bound to receive their teaching precisely as they would that of Christ himself in person; for he declares most explicity, " he that heareth you, heareth me, and he that despiseth you, despiseth me j and he that despiseth me, despiseth Him that sent me" (Luke x., 16); and he furthermore directs that he that will not hear the Church let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican (Matt, iviii., 17). How, then, can a Catholic be "independent" in opposition to the teaching and discipline of his Church? To be a Catholic, he must hear'his Church, receive her teaching, reverence her discipline, and recognise the voice of her pastors as he would that of i Jesus Christ himself; and all tins by the ! | command and ordinance of Christ and his eternal Father who sent Him, and gave j Him all power? If the so-called Catholic j wishes to be " independent," of all this, he i may be a heathen or a publican, a Muggle- ,j tonian or a Swedenborgian, a Mormon or a Methodist, a Shaker or a Quaker, a Turk, Jew,' or atheist; but he' cannot fee a Catholic. " He that despises you, despises me and Him that sent me." . • . It was hardly amusing, because it was so disgusting, to read the melans proposed by one who wrote under this absurd pseudonym " Liberal Catholic," and by the inspiration of "Ananias," to bring these proud priests to their senses. This truly "liberal" Catholic suggested the withdrawal cf the Easter dues from the priests, and giving them to charitable institutions; and then, indeed Babylon the Great would certainly fall; then, indeed, Tie would hare brought the proud souls of these pampered priests suppliantly under. Now, I wish most earnestly that he may discharge the promise that he has made, though I don't believe that he will. Let him, by all means, give •the dues to the charitable institutions,'and the charity will profit—and the priest lose nothing. My experience for twenty years of liberal gentlemen of that stamp .is, that they never give anything to priest; or person, church or charity, or anything good; and I fearlessly challenge the writer of that miserable meanness to remove the imputa^ tion from himself. If he be even a nominal Catholic—which I don't believe—let me tell Mm—and I hope-I may say it for every priest in the colonies—that I despise the money of such Catholics, and refuse to barter the right and duty of reprobating their conduct for their favour or their pelf., I refuse, with my chiet pastor and just head, to be bribed, and make to this '•liberal'" Catholic the same answer made to Simon Magus, " May thy money go with thee'to perdition (Acts of Apostles, viii.20.) I cannot resist the teihptation of putting this answer in plain English—"To the d—I with yourself and your money." It is from such degenerate, rebellious ^children that the Church, of God. fa" so much to sufer. and'to lament. From her ; enemies ; she naturally expects opposition fin^. , persecu-, ition; but' when it comes from.her own. chttdrea—tbfi false bjrethren ot St. Paul— | | ; I | j ' ! i 1 , •Werii it is-lriHl'fe 'liMjr. enemy," complains our Lord i^tiie Psalmiati reviled me, I ^oidd indeed, have -'Bome it; but. tti6u,' my guide J and my 'lamiliar, Who didrt eat erweet. meats witfi •me." Oh yes'. the bad Catholic, the •*'Xbeirali n " independeiit" Catholic, lie wayward, rebellious, disobedient, child, is -th^ greatest enemy of the Church of God; •blips' the greatest scarify! on religion and thfe; greatest ruin On himself. : . ' ' '' '• - I sanhot end without allqding to 4 false maiitn sought to' be introduced,—the 'natural result of trying to set aside'the authority and discipline' of the'. Church. We'frequently hear it said that priests have no right to interfere in politics, that they ought to mind their own business, Ac. Now, here is another -dangerous snare for the unthinking and unwary. Have they not the same right as other men ? Have •'they not a greater right, amounting to a positive duty,, when politics and polemics are' synonymousj when the enemies of the Church of God, too often aided and assisted by her own treacherous, faithless children, seek to injure and' to ruin her by the political power committed to them. 'Priests are not to interfere in politics, and yet those who flippantly assert -this as 'a dictum necessarily true, interfere •in politics themselves and in religion too, and take very good cave to use every mCans, fair or foul, to secure to themselves place and power, to be used for their own interests and their own purposes, amongst which holds prominent place the exclusion and the injury inflicted on our. Church and its members. They don't allow their clergymen to interfere in politics! Of eourse they don't, nor in anything else either, except' as they who pay them may please. Arid if they did, of what use would it be ? But the Catholic priest has influence with his people, a,nd the Catholic people follow his advice even in political matters, because '.they know he is their true friend, the only object of whose life is to advance their welfare in this world and in the next, to live for them and to love them, to be true to them, and to do his duty to them in life and in death. Hence arises the affection that exists between the priest and his people; hence the proverbial traditional attachment which for cerituries has been as well the glory as the salvation of our country and our creed. It was to this that, under the providence of God, was owing the preservation of the faith in Ireland, and it is of this, which still exists, and which we have all got from the instincts of our birth, that our 'enemies are afraid. They know its power, and therefore seek to destroy it. Cathojjcs should look calmly and carefully at what is asked from them! They are not to allow priests to interfere in politics, nor to follow their advice—and in following this advice they will place themselves helpless and powerless in the hands of the enemies of their religion and their race. I would ask my fellow-Catholics which is it better to commit yourselves to, them, or to the Soggarth Aroon ? Who is more likely to be true to you? Deprecating and despising the cowardly and calumnious mode of writing anonymously, I beg to subscribe myself faithfully yours, P. J. SLATTEST. St. Mary's, Geelong. 