WEEKLY SUMMARY. TUE visita of thc Premier and the Minister for Lands have' excited some public interest during the week. Mr. Palmer arrived herc on Friday evening, having made the trip from Clermont by coach, in consequence nf an acci- dent to his buggy on thc way from Beaufort to Copperfield. On Monday the hon. gentleman, attended by the Minister for Lands, received a brace of deputations-one from the Muni- cipal Council, the other from tho Volunteer Bille Corjis. The Mayor and aldermen sought to ascertain on what terms thc Govern- ment would give assistance towards building a bridge over the Fitzroy. Mr. Palmer, after patiently hearing thc various aldermen express their views, stated that thc only terms on which the Government could recommend thc legislature to give aid at present would bc by 1 lending thc required ainouht to thc Municipal Council, and taking security not only over the bridge tolls but also over the general revenues of the municipality. To these terms thc Council and the public take exception on thc very excellent ground that thc bridge 1 is rather a district than a municipal require- ment. Mr. Palmer, however, stated distinctly that at present he could not vary his offer, but if Parliament chose to vote the money on any better terms he would make no objection. Thus it becomes evident that parliamentary 1 influence and not "proper representations must be trusted to as the lever by which the bridge shall be raised. Thc Voluutecr deputation followed the city fathers in bringing their grievances under the notice of thc ' Premier and his colleague. What was to be gained by thc interview did not clearly appear, but thc ex-parte statements of the Volunteers themselves, and the volunteered testimony in their favour of certain indepen- dent citizens of good repute, ought to nave carried weight with the Premier. The depu- tation were full of seriousness and gravity, , but a subtle vein of humour and irony per- vaded thc whole proceeding». When Mr. Palmer sternly assured his martial visitors that lie had been informed the news- papers had uot done their duty in pourtraying thc amenities of thc late meeting, and when lie vainly Pressed the Captaiu-clect to repeat the endearing ex- pressions used by Private Milford, it was almost impossible for the unappreciative civilian to keep his features iu a decorous con- dition of solemnity. However, the interview cuded pleasantly enough by Mr. Palmer giving the assurance that thc complaint should bc duly represented to His Excellency the Governor, who was the sole judge in matters of military discipline iu thc colony. Mr. Palmer took his departure on Tuesday in the Lady Bowen, and it is understood that after spending a day or two in Keppel Bay he went on to Brisbane iu thc Lora Ashley on Thursday night. By this exchange of steamers thc Maryborough Chamber of Commerce have been cheated out of the interview for which they have been making elaborate preparations. But as thc leading topic intended to bc dealt with was thc Mary Uiver bridge, thc auswer given to thc Rockhampton aldermen wiil probably be deemed satisfactory to our Mary- borough contemporaries. Their members had better unite heartily with ours in laying the bridge question before Parliament next session, aud in thc meantime thc Chamber of Commerce may with advantage direct its attention to other matters inore strictly within the scope of its objects as a mercantile association. Arrangements have been made by Messrs, Chapple and Pattison for again working thc Native Cat Beef. Tho men were connected with the party who formerly owned the roof, aud they aro believed to bc well acquainted with its remunerative character. The reef, as well as thc Helena machine, is now thc property of Messrs. Pattison and Chapple. Mr. Graham left Westwood for Clermont on Wednesday, travelling along tho railway linc as far ns practicable, in order to become acquainted with the character and progress of of thc works. As may now be known, thc hon. gentleman is to bo opposed at Copperfield by Mr. Craven, a (îood Templar, and what 'appears to be deemed a still higher qualification by his supporters, a Copperfield man to the backbone, lt may reasonably bc presumed, however, that the majority of "electora oven at at Copperfield will remain true to Mr. Graham, who is admitted at Brisbane to bc one of thc most useful and creditable members of thc House. Another of thc Blackall candidates hos formally put ill an appearance during tho week. j'We refer to Mr. William Eeo, who has published au address of such enormous length as would have spoiled thc best candidate's chance of election. But as Mr. Ilea never had the ghost of a chance, it is not for us to object to thc powerful blast he has given from his penny whistle. People are now beginning to inquire with some anxiety when thc plat- form performances of candidates arc- to commence, but there is still abundance of time for speechifying before the day of nomination. Mr. Fyfe unexpectedly returned to town by last steamer, haviug only visited Brisbane instead of Melbourne. He is now said to be a teetotaller, and intends to win thc Rock- hampton constituency agaiu on that ticket if practicable. If thc slighcst confidence were reposed in his teetotalism he would probably bo allowed a walk-over. Another case of shipwreck has occurred on our coast, tkiB time in Hervey's Bay. The unfortunate vessel is thc trench bannie Parame, bound from Manila to Maryborough, with 723 tons rawr sugar. This supplies another proof that an efficient coast pilot service is absolutely necessary to thc safe navigation of our waters by foreign vessels. Wc have no doubt, however, that Lieut. Heath, H.N., and thc Marine Board, will again saddle the blame upon thc uuhappy Captain. But as thc Euhlic will hardly bc satisfied with thc ioard's empirical! decisions, the members of thc new Parliament will certain!}' take the matter np, and not bc satisfied until the blame hos been placed on the right shoulders. Thc Ute Church of England bazaar at thc School of Arts has yielded a net amount of £273 14s. 8d. , Sjvjrj! accidents have occurred during Hie wcsk. Oil Saturday a carter, named Samuel Usher, sustained a fracture of thc thigh and other bruises through his wood-cart capsizing and falling upon him. A seaman named Williams was accidentally drowned near Satellite Passage, Fitzroy River, on the night of yesterday week. Hu was employed on thc schooner Mona, and was knocked over by thc boom of thc vessel. His body has not been recovered. Henry John Watchorn, a fireman on board the s.s. Tinonee, was accidentally drowned at an carly hour on Tuesday morn- ing. On Wednesday, a water-carrier, named Harrold, sustained a bad compound commi- nuted fracture by falling under audthe wheel lot his dray passing over bis leg just above the ancle. At G.iganjo Creek, on Tuesday, ahoy named William Marsh, in attempting to jump ou a dray while in motion, was struck on the forearm by the "jink," breaking both bones. A quantity of laud known as thc Old Agri- cultural Reserve has been voluntarily sur- rendered out of G racemere run by the lessees, and is about to be thrown open for selection under thc Laud Act nf 1868. Thc name of the forthcoming journal at Copperfield' has been changed from the Hkho. to the Slitter. rfts The northern news received during the week shows that there is a great rush from all the gold-fields there to the new diggings on the Palmer River. All that is known is that a party of prospectors have returned to the Etheridge with 120 ozs. of gold, and reporting the discovery of an auriferous area of twenty miles in extent. Much of the ground tried, however, was too poor to be remuneratively worked. Beyond this there appears to be no justification whatever for the rush. The s.s. Leichhardt is reported to have left Brisbane on Wednesday, for the Endeavour River. She takes police, road, and survey parties, for the purpose of opening up a road from the coast to the Palmer diggings, in the hope that much hardship and deprivation will be prevented, and a ready means of access to the new gold-field be provided. Grcathead's remedy for diptheria is said to have been tried in several instances since thc revelation of the secret, and to have been attended with marvellously successful results. If we may believe the Victorian papers, that terrible throat disease is now deprived of all its terrors. Mr. James Chapple, of Stanwell, one of thc oldest and most respected residents of Rock- hampton, is about to leave for Tasmania for the benefit of his health. He is expected to remain in the south during thc summer months. Thc sugar-freighted barque Kate Conley, which put into Keppel Bay a few days since with her crew in a state of alleged subordina- tion, has started for Melbourne in charge of thc chief officer, who hos been appointed master of the vessel. Tile officers and crew were brought up at the Police Court, where it was established without doubt that the late Captain's " indispositiou " was tho cause of the disturbance. (For the Week's telegrams see fourth page.) 