THE GHOST DISCOVERED. Mysterious Window Smashing. A SERVANT GIRL IMPLICATED. BROKEN OUT OF A LARK. The mysterious window-smashing which caused so much sensation in King street, Ballarat East, on Saturday and Sunday last, was the subject of conversation throughout the whole of yesterday, and we are pleased to be in a position to state that the perpe- trator of the outrage has been dis- covered. The servant girl, Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Court yes- terday morning, either out of curiosity or as a witness in the case of Margaret Clarke, who was fined for breaking a window in the house next door to Penhalluriack's. Before the girl took her departure from the court she was interrogated, by Sergeant Larner as to the window-breaking in her master's house. She gave very shifty answers, and Appeared Uneasy in Her Manner, and seemed glad to escape tho cross- examina- tion to which she was subjected, but stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Suspicion, however, had fallen upon her, and Detective Hyland paid a visit to the house. In her absence the dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, and Some Water-worn Pieces of Quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had caused so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after consider able hesitation and much prevarication, she admitted that she 'Just Broke Two of the Panes out of a Lark." Benhalluriack was present when she made this oonfession, and he urged her to tell the whole truth on the promise that she would not be punished ; but she was afraid to tell Hyland more, as she said he would take her away. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Lurner arrived, and on Penhalluriack's promise that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made a clean breast of it to the sergeant, and said that she Smashed the Whole of the Windows without the aid of an accomplice. She only did it for fun, she said ; but a remark which she had previously passed to one of the children leads to the belief that she had a far more serious motive. As the police have determined to take some action in the matter, she wiil probably be brought up at the Eastern Court this morning. We shall not give publicity to the girl's state- ments whilst the case is sub judice, but it is evident that she is A Wilful and Daugerous Person, from her, conduct in previous " situations. " she had only been a fortnight in Penhallu- rick's employ, but long enough for the children to be able to tell of various small acts of deceit that she wished to have hidden from their mother. It appears that she was very uncomfortable whilst Larner was in the house on Sunday night, and told Mrs. Thomas that she " wished he would take his eyes off her." Directly tho house door closed upon him when he left the promises, there was Another Demonstration. A stone came flying across the.............. Penhallurick was seated with .............. The girl was passing into the .............. at the moment, but she s........... "There's another of 'em ; " there was another, but n.................. from what direction the pel................ ever, from that moment ...................... watched; and shortly after ................. Penhalluriack that he co............ as she was sure no ............................ be thrown that night! Mrs Penhal- luriak was seriously ill d.................. day yesterday, but it is .............. the perpetrator of the outrage dis- covered, the invalid will pro... daly towards convalescence. Afterwards, the girl was taken to her ou............ mother. Her father is a Greek .... the occupation of a miner, and ..... sent in Ballarat. During Sunday and yes- terday hundreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was caught .... mad pranks, and there was co......... ex- citement in the neighborhood. The Ballarat Courier, This Day 