' THE OFFICE NOT THE MAN. One- of tlie Roman Catholic newspapers' of this city has made a nice discrimination on the question of the Pope's infallibility. It makes the following innocent avowal : — "We have never yet predicted infallibility of any mortal man. We do not believe the Pope is personally infallible, or infallible as a man, nor does any Catholic so believe. The supreme Pontiff is officio infallible in tcachingtlio Univer sal Church, but by the superhuman aud supernatural assistance of the Holy Ghost, as Peter and the other Apostles were 'infallible in revealing the truth by the inspiration of the same Holy Ghost. The infallibility comes from God, not from his own powers as a mortal man, and is attached, so to speak, to the office, not to the person of the Pontiff." . .Which reminds us of a little story. One of the Bishops of this same infallible Churcli swore very roundly at his servant, who offended him, when the servant mildly asked,— ' " Does a bishop swear ? " "I. did not swear as a bishop, hut as a man," 3aid the prelate. "Yes, yes," replied the servant, "but when the devil nets the man for swearmtr. wliem will the bishop go ?"— -A7. Y. Observer. Church Millinkiiy.— The Church Review, a Ritualistic paper of high caste, has labely been discussing the propriety of wearing cassocks in the streets, and two of its contributors, singing themselves " Glorious, " anil I. S. St. I. respect ively, have earned immortal honor by their, able arguments in favour of the custom. It appears that . these "successors of the apostles" for, sonie time past have adopted the custom of, wearing tlie cassock " whene'er they take their walks abroad," and they strongly recomnicnd their brother exaltados to follow their example. But the cassock worn without ari appropriate covering for their Apostolic heads would not be seemly. Therefore " Clericus". and his co-con tributor have gone largely into the question of "liais." "The soft round felt' hat," I. S. St. I. wisely remarks "would hardly do," and the " high hat is out of the question. " The only : one that remains is ' ' the "VYymering hat. '.' And. so it: has been decided that the " Wymering hat" is for the future to he the only authorized head-gear worn by the Romanizing clergy of the Established Church. The Church Herald, in ' reviewing the discussion suggests that a ' 'modern . bowl, shaped like ah inverted bason, and painted' black" ' would be cheaper, raorb lasting, and, "proper," than tlio " Wymering hat." There should be no siieli useless appendage as a rinji or brim, aud the , tassel ought, . in the Herald's judgment,:' to he full anil handsome. ; For. .ourselves, ive at once acknowledge our lack , of taste, iri such matters. In fact, so '.'deplorably ' ignorant' are we, that it would puzzle us to.dis- :1 Aingiiish a :''. 'Wymering hat" liom ,'a iiii'rbcEs bason; '" Perhaps our friends tlie Ritualists will. take pity, on iis, and furnisli us with ii description , of ; the new head-gear ; or, hotter still, , they might'' On case ' their intellectual, heads' in the; "hat; "'anil pass in review before us. '.Gratituile , .JEqr mir, unselfish labours in their' behalf should, we think, induce them to grant our request.— Protestant Advocate. 