A GHOST STORY. (From a Correspondent.) For some years past the vicinity of Carrick has beeoon frequentod by ghosts, especnally thie Wot bury side of the bridge a lady dressed in white (so says report) being often soon of a night taking a walk along the Oaks road. There are some people who will not believe those storios,and are so rudo in their " infidel notions" as to snoor at the fair recitors, brit for all this the stories are told and in some qmarters believed in. On Wednesday night last, a weary travoller was woending his way homewards and when nonaring the spot where poor Mrs logan moet her death, those ghost stories came forcibly across his mind, and do what lie would he could not shako therm oilf. Io had passed the fatal spot and not soo ing anything unusual, his spirits behogan to revive -but hearing a strange sound lihe looked in the direction from whence it came, and, horror of horrors I on the Sillwood side of the road, lihe saw a strange object all in whits making straight towards hhns. At trios it resembled is dromedary, then all at once it would expand two gigantic white wings, and the only sound to be heard much resembled the puffing of a' locomo tive otgine in full spooeed. When nearing the traveller it cried outin a loud voice and with delotermined energy "Kill hihn-Choker, kill him." This caused the traveller to act in no cordance with the lirst law of nature and seeing a largo tree close by lhe concealed himself as best he could. By this time the ghost was so near that the traveller saw it had assmllned the "hlsluman form divine," Iost of very largo dimoensions, and it appeared to be having somoe fu with two other little ghosts in the shape of dogs ; the bigger one sonaed to be chasing the simallesr, urged to it by the monsteor ghost. They crossed the main road, and ran ailng the Oaks road for some distanee when the two little ghosts appoared to have a flght about something, and wore encouraged in their diabolical gamno by the big ghost. Tlis did not' lnst long, and the big ghost returned the way lhe cnme, carrying thie smullest ghost by the tail.' After orossing the road they disappeared amonogst hie treoes. !Pho travllor, greoat ly amazed, made anotheor attempt to reach his homo, which he aecomplisliod without any mislhap but the loss of his hat, which he;did not! discover until told of it by: his wife; but his nervous system has sustained a fearful- hock,- and. I am afraid that he will have to take cold baths. On the same night, about the same hour, Mr E. Gillmn, of Sillwood, was wakened by his fowls making a great noise ; he jumnped out of bed, and thinking there was a thief about lie did not dress himself but ran out ; the instantho did his dog gave chase to something, and away they went helter skoltor, crossed the main road, and aftcrgoing a short distance along the Oaks road the dog collared the object of pursuit and killed it, which turned out' to be a tiger-cat of enor. mous size, measuring Sft. Sin, from snout to tip of.tail, and weighing between 0lb. and 10lb. It was beautifully spotted, and had the dog not torn the skin it would have been worth pre-, serving, being the finest specimen "ever seen in thde locality. " I. have no other news to send. You can L plase yourself about believing the ghost stor y; I could not send it fresher.. I vouch, for th?: truth of the tiger-cat. 