LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. tuestlav. 30t11 septemben. The President took the chair at half-past four o'clock. failure of justice. Dr. DOBSON gave notico that on Tuesday next he would move that this House regrets the failure of justice iu the ense of Alotuil and Alorris. mining on" private property. Air. FRASER, in moving the second reading of the hill to legalise mining 011 private property, re marked that the second reading had been movedon '211 h June, and on tlio 25lli it hail been referred to a select committee. Rome weeks subsequently the committee brought up their report, which tho House afterwards rejected without a division, ami so the hill still rcinaiucd before tho House at the end of three months. During that tiihe hon. members hail 110 doubt considered whether the bill was anything like what a measure of tlie sort ought to he, ami if so they would he prepared to pass the second reading and go into committee. It could then ho considered clause by clause, and so ascertain whether all the provisions were such as would be just towards both owners of property anil miners. He might remind the House that in 1S66 John Leishmnn purchased fifty-seven acres of a water reserve not far from liallarat, und that subsequently eight acres of tho rost of the reserve were leased by the Crown to miners. They found a rich run of gold, and Leishmnn finding that it went through his property formed a Leishman's Freehold Gold Alining Company and worked his own purchased ground. Notwithstanding this, a Ballarat jumper, Israel Truswell, jumped the ground, and the company had to enter into arrangements about it. That case, with others ho could refer to, showed that at present landowners eoulil havo their land entered upon for mining purposes, but if the bill before them were passed, they need not fear jumpers. Were the bill passed into com mittee, it could then be altered as tlie House thought jiropcr. If it were at once thrown out, it would injure the country, and many hon. mom- bers also. Air. JENNER seconded the motion. Air. AIURPHY saiil tho delay was duo to the Government, as the report had been rejected five weeks, and yet tho hon. member representing the Government took no action, and had not stirred until he (Air. Murphy) deemed it his duty to ask what laid bccouio of the bill. He would also point out tlint members of that House took the trouble to try to save 0110 Government mea sure, for which they had been abused in anothor place by a Aiinister of tho Ciown in tho coarsest Billingsgate language. Ho would support tho second reading. Dr. D ORSON moved that the bill he read that day six months. Tlie select committco no doubt did us well as they could have done. The present bill was less objectionable than tliat of last ses sion, but ns it allowed persons to go on land without tlio consent of the owner, ho would oppose it. There was not a case adduced show ing the necessity for the kill, and if there had been any they would certainly have heard of it. Ho had thought the hill lmd been got comfort ably rid of for the session, hut here it was again resuscitated and staring them in the face like a ghost. The Government could not expect tlie hill to pass. There was a plain way of getting out of the difficulty bv putting au export duty on gold, anil that would he equitable. lie regretted that a member of the Government iu another Since had spoken of the proceedings in that ousc as " worse than knavish." He would read the speech of the Attorney-General as reported iu Hansard: The PRESIDENT could not allow that to he done, neither could the hon. member refer to the Attorney-General. Dr. DOBSON then gavo a statement of what a Aiinister of tho Crown said in another nlnce. It was strange that a man iu his jjosition should so strangely havo committed himself. Ail-. CAMPBELL seconded the amendment. Air. T. T. A'BECKETT gathered that Dr. Dob- son thought there was 110 legislation needed on the matter. (Dr. Debsou : lieur, hoar.) Well, in seconding the address iu reply to tlio speech iu 1S72 tlio hon. member had expressed himself to a totally different effect. Assuming that there should lie legislation on the subject he (Mr. A'Beckett) had always acted consistently, and lmd proposed several measures that lie had thought in harmony with tlie views of tlie Houso. The problem to he solved was how tho gold was to he obtained for the public, and yet tho rights of all be conserved. He would support tho second reading of tho hill, for they ought to con sider any bill that there was a cry for legislation upon. They had already legislated for mining on llll lands acquired since the passing of the Land Act, anil the case cited by Air. Fiaser came under that description. In reference to that case the then Aiinister of Lands had said it seemed very unjust to take the gold from tlie owner of the land and give it to another person. The country wanted legislation on the subject, and would never be satisfied without it. Air. CAMPBELL opposed tlio second reading, as tho measure was impracticable and had 110 principle. The motion for the second reading was further supported by Alessrs. Cole and Anderson, anil opposed by Messrs. Stkachak and W. A. C. a Beckett. Tho House then divided on the question thnt the bill be now read a second time, with the fol lowing result : — CONTENTS— 12. Mr. A'Beckett, T. T. Mr. Eraser Mr. Murphy Anderson Highctt Kobinscm Colo Hcnty Husscll Gumming Jenncr Williams. NON-CONTENTS— 10. Air. A'Beckett, W. A. C. Mr. Hope Mr. Sumner Campbell M'Kellar Simsoii Dr. Dobson Straeliao Skene. Air. Hamilton The bill was then committed pro forma, nnd on the motion of Mr. FRASER, progress was reported nnd leave obtained to sit again ou Tues day next. trust estates bill. AIt. W. A. C. a'BECKETT moved the second reading of a bill to amend the law relating to Trust Es atcs. The House divided without discussion with the following result :— Contents, 9 : nou- eontents, 8. Tho bill was thou committed, progress reported, and leave obtained to sit again on Tuesday next. SOUTH MELBOURNE OAS COMPANY. On tlie motion of Air. AIURPHY tbo House went into committee 011 the South Alelbourno Gas Company's Extension of Powers Bill. Clauses 1 and 2 were passed ns read. On clause 3, Afr. T. T.- a'BECKETT moved an amendment that would restrain the company from laying any mains north of tho Yarro until they had fully supplied all the districts south of tlie river within their boundaries, as Jaul down by the original Act. Progress was then reported, nnd leave obtained to sit again next day. adjournment. The House adjourned nt 6.30 p.m., until 4.30 p.m. on the next day. 