Kite raturf « CHRISTMAS-EVE IN A COAL-PIT. AT that time I waa the resident viewer or engineer of a colliery in the north of Eng- land, and as I had not been long appointed to the post 1 felt anxious, I might almost say nervous, about the management entrusted to my care. Moreover, this recently-acquired position led to the realization of hopes which had long been entertained in secret, and 1 had married my early and only love. This event caused me to put more than, ordinary zeal in the execution of my duties, as it was my ambition to rise in my profession, in order some day to see my wife placed on' that social pedestal I deemed her so worthy of occupying. Indeed, 1 may say . that my attention to business was as constant as it ?was earnest. We lived at the colliery, close, to the pits, in the last of a dreary row of houses built for the accommodation of the officials of the works. Our establishment waB not a luxurious one, and its situation was somewhat lonely, as the pits were placed on a moor, which, however, to us was a source of much enjoyment. A coal mine is a dangerous place where the coal gives out explosive gas ; and the seams we worked were very fiery. Day and night we had to watch the subtle fue below, and keep our ventilation in perfect order to enswe the safety of the mine. During holiday time this strict attention is sometimes neglected, and most serious accidents may then ensue'. So we refused the invitations, or rather we postponed the visit south, which would have taken up a week or two, and determined to spend our Christmas by ourselves. It was my habit-nay, my duty-to see that all was safe in the underground workings of the mine belore the pit was stopped for any length of time, and to give the necessary directions for securing a continued current of air through the empty galleries of the mine, so as to ensure their safe condition on the return of the men and the resumption of .work underground. The Christmas I am now referring to fell on a Saturday, and the work at the colliery ceased on the Friday at noon, and I had arranged with the under viewers of the colliery to inspect the under- ground workings during the afternoon of that day, and have, as, it were, a last look round. Pending the. hour appointed for our journey down the pit, I was sitting in my cosy parlour, by the side of a crackling coal fire, in a peculiarly happy mood. 1 had before me the prospect ol a few days' release from the trammels of a fatiguing occupation, and I could review the period of labour just ended with conscientious satisfaction. 1 felt thoroughly happv in my domestic life, and looked towards the future with confidence and hope. My wife was busily engaged in superintending the needful preparations for a sort of evening treat we intended to offer the school-children next day-an entertain- ment in which she took great pi ide and interest, and where larger buns with larger plums than ever had been seen before in the world, and pails full of flagrant tea, were to be consumed by the rosy-cheeked little guests of the evening. There is nothing so happy as the ling of children's laughter, nothing so sweet as the smile on the lips of the young. This little treat was also before me, and lormed no small part of the enjoy- ment 1 contemplated finding during my few days' leisure. But as 1 sat reflecting on this and a thousand other mattel s, the time arrived for my underground visit, and th« under-viewer came to fetch me. It was bu a step fi om my back door to the pit, and fron the upper windows of my little house thi men could be easily distinguished descendiiij or emerging from the shaft. Many a timi my wife liad watched me as I took my plac in the cage and 'disappeared below th surface, like a spirit absorbed in the pores o the earth, or an actor let down through th trap-dooi of a stage. 1 slipped away, merel nodding adieu, and said that in a couple o three hours 1 might be expected back again and in u few minutes the signal on the pii top was given, und I descended the shai with my companion The colliery was deep one, the coal being 5U0 yards below th surface. The workings had long been in existence, and extended over considerable surface underground. The mine was a fiery one-that is to say, the coal gave out con- siderable quantities of marsh gas, which is so liable to explode or bum, and causes so many fatal accidents in coal-pits. We had, therefore, to attend specially to the ventila- tion, which was rendered more necessary and more difficult from the fact of the colliery being an old one, and, therefore, containing many large wastes, as they are termed-that is, patches where the coal having been extracted are left uncared for, and become partially closed up by the swelling of the floor and the sinking of the roof of the coal-seam. These wastes are liable to harbour ' great masses of gas, and become filled like gas- ometers, and, therefore, dangerous in the extreme if not carefully watched. The furnace which generated the heat necessary to raise the temperature of the up-cast col um m Avas placed about twenty or thirty yards from the bottom of the shaft, and consisted of a grate about four feet wide, placed within a semicircular arch of fiie brick, on which the coals were kept burning. A man was in attendance day and night to keep up the fire. We found the man, the only human being in the pit at the time beside ourselves; in steady attendance on his duties, with a roaring fire on his furnace. Having duly .cautioned him with regard to the importance of keeping up the ventilation, we went on our round through the silent galleries of the mine. Our conversation, also, took a serious and melancholy turn, as we came to the spot where the last explosion, many years before my connection with the colliery, took place, and William, the fire- man who had been in the mine at the time, dilated freely, too freely for my taste, on the harrowing details connected with the mis- fortune. The accident occurred a few days after Christmas, which brought it so strangely to my companion's mind at this time, when he and I were bent on seeming ourselves against the possible repetition of a similar disaster. Notwithstanding my ex- perience, I did not relish the circumstantial story of my companion, as he stood leaning up against a prop in one of the galleries, lt must have been horrifying. I had heard the story before, but never did it produce such an effect on me as on that day. I still see Bill leaning up against the prop, a fine manly fellow, though grey and careworn with the effects of toil and bad air. There he stood, telling me how and where they found all the corpses, and how some of them had floated up with the water till they came against the roof of the mine, where they left a mailt. The bodies had got soft with being in the water, which had become heated owing to the fire in the pit, and must have reached almost boiling point in some places. " They were boiled, regularly boiled, sir," he said, " and they stuck to the roof, and left about an inch thick of fat up against the rock after the water was drawn out." We were then at the end of the main road, just at the commencement of what are technically termed the workings-that is, where the coal is actually cut and blasted down off the seam. The air here was split-that is, divided ; one current went east, the other west, and as the latter current had a much less distance to travel over, and, therefore, less resistance to overcome, it had to be regulated by a door, with a hole in it of such a size as only to allow passage for a certain measured quantity of air. We went on to examine this point, and then I was about to say to Bill that he should go one way, and I would go the other, and we would meet at the furnace, but I could not get the words out, they stuck in my throat, and I began to cough as if they were going to choke me outright. What I did say at last was, "Bill, don't you think we may leave the west side alone, it seems all right, and we can travel to the east together ? " " Yes, sir," he replied, .« but we might just go up a bit to the big fall of stone, as there might be a deal of gas there, sir ; and you know, sir, poor Joe told me the very night before the trouble, now ten years ago, that he had noticed a long flame on his lamp on going past a fall of roof." We were now in bye, as it is termed, and we soon got to the face of the coal. The gas was oozing out with a light hissing sound, and all round seemed strangely alive. Now and then a bit of coal or a piece of rock fell to the ground, and I started as if the pit had fired. We went on to the place where the fall of rock had taken place, and found it clear of gas, or nearly so. "It's a bad thing for the ventilation," said Bill, " these great heaps of rubbish lying in the air-way." I thought so too. We had found no danger so far, however. My companion put his light up to the very roof, and found no gas, but as his lamp touched the rock, the ring by which it is held clanked against the copper plate on the top, and I felt my heart rise up to my mouth. The sound was most un- earthly. The image of ghosts I had read of, with clanking chains, rose up that instant to my troubled fantasy, and 1 stare into the wastes around me, where the stones lay in broken confusion, and the silence of death reigned undisturbed, in the fancied expecta- tion of seeing a phantom. It was in thai very waste, some hundred yards or so in, that poor Joe-Joe Parkins-must have died, Those on the east side were all found, 01 saved, but on the west and worst side of tht pit not one survived, and many were, alas, not found at all, but only their charred oi wasted remains, and the little heaps 01 : cinders or masses of pulp had to be identifiée by bits of dress or trifles-a watch, or Í knife, or a metal button. " Do you believj in ghosts, sir ? " says my friend Bill. ' Th« ? words seemed to send an electric shod ; through me, and I shivered as I said, " No Bill ; ?' but if-ever I did- believe in them ii the least trifle, it was just at that moment t felt, I think for the first and only time, uncomfortable in a pit, and longed to get out of it. I longed to be once more in my snug little parlour, with the bright fire crackling in the grate, and in the presence of the eyes whose beams I knew would dissipate the sombre thoughts that crowded my mind despite all my tfforts. We sat down close to the pit bottom, waiting for the cage, which had been partly drawn up the pit. We sat in silence, with our lamps before us, and absorbed in OUT thoughts, when suddenly we were startled with a loud noise or crash. The air became instantly dense- with dust and water, which I felt had penetrated through my clothing. Bill shouted to me to lie down at once, which I did, and then we heard crash after crash, and splash after splash, in the shaft close to. Each time the air around us vibrated strangely, and showers of water fell all round us, and then ali was silent,, silent as the tomb. We waited some time before speaking, and then Bill said it must be in the shaft, as no gas explosion could take place in the mine. I had kept my lamp secure beneath my jacket, but the other light was extinguished. We rose to our feet, and endeavoured to ascer- tain the cause of this unexpected mishap, but the air was too thick with dust to enable us to see or breathe -with ease. By-and-by a suffocating smell of burning coal became perceptible, and then we noticed dense clouds of smoke coming down the shaft in puffs, instead of fresh air. Good heavens ! we ex- claimed almost at one time, the brattice is destroyed and the ventilation stopped. Our position was evidently a dangerous one. The current of air no longer existing, the gas in the pit will accumulate, and eventually reach the furnace, where it would to a certainty ignite, and then an explosion would follow, which might destroy the pit and bury us alive, if we were not blown to pieces. The only hope of safety was to put the fire out in time ; so we hurried to the furnace, meeting the frightened iii eman on our way, and, with- out satisfying his anxious questions, com- menced at once putting out the fire. It was no small task ; but with thë aid of ashes and cin- ders we subdued the flames, and working with the energy of despair, soon had the smoulder- ing coals scattered on the ground. Most fortunately, a small water-pipe had been laid from the.shaft, and we flooded the ground to secure a complete extinction of the fire. We then returned to the shaft. The air was clearer, and we could see the broken cages, brattice planks, ropes, and shaft fittings lying in a confused heap at the bottom of the pit. We tried to signal, but it was no use, the connecting wires were destroyed. We listened, but heard no noise. Everything now .was still. We held a council of war as to what could or should be done. We were helpless, and had to make up our minds to wait patiently until the pit was cleared, and a rope sent down to fetch us up. The ques- tion was, how long would that take ? and that, of course, depended on the nature and amount of damage done in the shaft ; mean timè we weie secure enough as long as the water did not rise on us, or the gas overtake and suffocate us. Fortunately, the pit bot- tom was at the time clear of water, and we could depend on something like thirty-six houi s of safety from that enemy. The time we could count on before the approach of the other we could not calculate. The air was now peifectly still and motionless-no cur- rent perceptible ; and of course the gas which oozes out of the pores of the coal without intermission, would, no doubt, force its way eventually through the pit where we were, and then it might go hard with us. We knew no time would be lost on the sur- face to organise a rescuing party and descend the pit, and 1 inwardly prayed that prudence and foresight might rule their operations, lest, in the vain attempt to extricate us speedily, they - acted rashly, and sacrifice other lives before ours were in real jeopardy. Meantime, nothing more could be done be- low, and we retired to the lamp cabin, close to the pit bottom, to await the issue of events. There, I lay down on a bench, while my two companions continued a rambling conversation on the possible and impossible causes of the accident in the shaft. I felt much distressed at the thought of all the anxiety that would be felt on the surface for our safety, and I saw before me the distress of my wife on hearing the news. People at a distance of danger very often exaggerate its intensity, and in this ease I felt certain that our situation underground would be considered much more alarming than it really was. My thoughts were not pleasant, neither was ray position. I had looked forward to a very different occupation on the eve of Chiistmas-day. However, such as it was, it had to be accepted and submitted to. I saw no cause for immediate danger, and felt cer- tain that at no distant time we should be rescued from our lonely and dreary confine- ment. The thought which haunted me with most persistency was that of the state my wife might be in. How did she first hear of the accident, and how did she bear it ? Was she at the pit-top, wailing and wringing her hands in distress, as I had seen other women do when their husbands were left under- ground at the time of accidents ? or was she sobbing in the midst of women, unstrung and inconsolable ? 1 imagined I knew her charac- ter too well to suppose either. It was cer- tainly a fit time and place for serious, if not grave contemplation, although the idea of immediate danger did not cross my mind. I lay watching the flickering of the lamp, as it shed its dim rays of light on the dark walls of the little cabin or recess cut out of the coal, in which we three companions, through accident, Avere almost prisoners. The wick of the lamp was lowered to save the oil and keep up a light as long as possible. The two men had talked themselves out, and were ly ing on the floor close to the door ; I, with my head resting on some clothes, was stretched on a bench. We were all waiting and listening for the welcome sounds of ap- proaching . deliverers. The time passed slowly onwards. Hour after hour Ave counted until far in the night, and still ail Avas silent and dead around us. Not a sound, not a move. The effect of silence is terrible. To me at least it became oppressive ; I shud- dered, not at Avhat 1 heard, but at Avhat I did not hear, and spoke at last for the purpose of breaking the spell Avhich held me, as it Avere, in bonds. 1 spoke and spoke again, but in vain ; there Avas no reply. Sharply I turned in the direction of my companions. One had disappeared, arid the other lay there, apparently dead. 1 shook him with violence, but he did not wake ! I called Bill, who came to me from the shaft, where he had been listening for a sound from above, and we dragged the old man to the pit bot- tom, and bathed his head Avith the water that Avas trickling down the Avails, which Ave caught in cur leather caps, and Avhich con- tained some air It Avas long before the poor man came to himself He had SAVooned from exhaustion and the efitcts of impure air. The image of the ghost of Joe Perkins had left my brain for a time, but I mnv felt as if Ave might have to fear the presence of another one in the pit- namely, that of the old fire- man, John '1 imms. Bu*." he recovered from . his faintness, aird AVe laid him down as near the shaft as possible, close to the water, as it ran along the road. Water always holds some air in solution, hence our reason lor so doing; and this was necessary, for the gas Avas fast approaching, and Ave fully expected it would soon inArade our little retreat. The presence of dangnr was plainly shown by the flame of our lamp. I Avent up the gallery . for some distance to examine the state of the air, and within fifry yards of the pit I came to the gas slowly flowing along the roadAvay and filling the sp^ace. It advanced like an invisible enemy, only to be detected by the little explosion which took place in my lamp and the peculiar flame above the burning wick, which danced about within the wire gauze of my safety-lamp Avith Aveird-like frolic. Many a time 1 had Avatched the singu- lar effect of the marsh gas on burning flame, but never with such intense earnestness and anxiety as on this occasion. As we Avere situated, Ave had no retreat to fly to from the danger, and if the stealthy foe crept on and surrounded us before relief from above came to our rescue, Ave were lost ! Choked by the subtile invisible poAver ; left to die from want of air to breathe ; and rot, perhaps, before kind hands could lay us in a grave ! All was silent in the shaft-not a sound beyond the monotonous thud of intermittent drops of water, as they fell from the broken timbers in the shaft on the wet planks at our feet. The Avater in the pit Avas rising, too, and forced up a foetid mist from beloAV. The air was dank and cold. 1 shivered, and returned to the lamp-cabin, Avhere I determined tore sign myself to my fate with all the patience I could muster. 1 sank down on the bench, and Avas soon absorbed in the thoughts that came crowding to my mind. The thoughts of the past brought back scenes and incidents which had long been forgotten. The days of happiness returned like bright flashes amid the daik clouds that hung around my mind, and phantoms of friends or foes who had left the world before me kept flitting to and fro. Then came bitter regrets for errors or faults committed. I remembered keenly.the unkind word spoken in haste, or unjust re- proach made in anger ; many actions 1 would have uri done, many omissions I longed to re- pair. Then the present and the future. My wife, who had filled my life with a newly found happiness, perhaps already lost for ever ! The more I thought of her the more I felt choking with emotion, and almost des- pair. In vain I tried to comfort myself with' hopes of relief ; in vain I listened for some sound of welcome rescue ! My senses did not perceive, and my mind was restless and distracted. I seemed confused, an oppres- sive feeling gained on me, my limbs lefused to move, the light seemed dim-at last it wavered, and I saw it no more. " Bill, hold him up ; he is coming to, thank God." These Avere the Avords that greeted me on my return to consciousness, and I shall neA'er forget them. When I opened my eyes I found myself in the small cabin on the sur- face, close to the pit, used by the so-called "banksmen." A huge fire was blazing in the grate, and as I turned towards tho door I saw the blight stars shining down through the clear, frosty air. The doctor and several pit-men Avere around me ; I Avas lying on the floor, Avith my head on Bill's knee. They raised me, but I was very weak, and had literally to be carried doAvn the Avooden steps which led from the pit-bank to the ground. It was a young sturdy collier who volunteered to perform the duty. He helped me along to my house, and I regained some strength on my way. "Ah, sir," he said, "you haA'e had a narrow escape this Christmas ; the pit ain't safe these times." " No, indeed, Joe," I replied, for it was Joe Perkins, junior, " but I have much to be thankful for." There are circumstances in life Avhich are better left to the imagination of the individual than described, and 1 shall not attempt to record the welcome I receiA'ed when I reached my home. Those AV ho havp loved, will readily pictuie it for themselves; those who have not, Avili some day do so ; and those A\Tho cannot love, will never understand it. It Avas about nine o'clock when I returned, after an absence of thirty hours in forced captivity undei ground. Some time remained to make merry, and a happy time it was, though the conversation turned on the accident, the breaking of the rope, the jamming of the cage and timber in the shfcï't, the difficulty and danger of removing the debris. 1 have been down many pits since then, but never on a Christmas-day, except just now, when I have taken you down with me, gentle leader, and 1 think you will agree with me in saying that one is better above ground than below at holiday time, and that, although it j is easy to go down, it is sometimes very diffi- cult to come up again.-Abridged from True Blue. 