ENGLISH EXTRACTS. The widow of a railway porter has recovered £350 as damages from the London and North- Western Eaiiway Company for the loss of hsr husband, who was killed while coupling some waggons of a goods train. Me. F. S. Dxjtiok, C.M.GL, the Agent General for South Australia, has arranged with Messrs. Trinder, Anderson & Co. to dispatch the well-known Australian clipper Earl Dalhousie from the South West India Dock on October 7 with about 300 free emigrants. Another Tessel will follow on November 7. A Clever Young Lady. — In the Oxlord Local Examinations the very first in the list of two huidred and fif y competitors — male and female, English, Iiish, and Welsh — was a lady, a very young lady too, being only seventeen. This ** sweet girl graduate' is Miss Roger, daughter of Professor TLorold Ro«er, now occupying a Chair in London, University. She was first iu a number of subjects, and weli up in nearly ail In languages she was facile prindeps, having no rival in classics, and very lew in French or German. The Late Mb. Jomf Stuast Mill has lt-ft property to the amount of £14,000. Of this he has left to ?ny one university in Great Britain or Ireland that shall be the firs' to open its degrees to women, £3,000 ; and to the same universitv a further iam of £3,000 to endow scholarships for female students exclusively. His copyrigh I s he bequeaths in trust to Mr. John Morley, to be applied in aid of some periodical publica tion wlich shall be op«jn to the expres sion of all opinions, and which shall have all its articles signed with the names of the writers. Lady Medical Studknts. — Two of the Edinburgh Uuiies, Mi^s Dakms and Miss Buvel., have recently transferred their seat of study to Pans, wheie they have been a'l«»\ved to count their previous lectures as if taken m the Paris facultv, and have been admitted to the usual examinations in due cours'. Miss Dakins has thus pussed her first pro fessional exHimuation, $»td Miss B 'veil her third. TIih Paris faculty require five examinations prior to conferring; tlie degree of M.D The ladies have al! passed with very good notes, Mrs. Ella Lawson and Mi-s Bove-1 receiving tlie nole bien satisfaii (perleetly satisfac tory.) The Cholera — Tho Times now states that two cases of unquestionable Asiatic cholera occurred on Monday in a lodging house in Queen-street, Tower-hill. The persons attacked had just landed from a ship which had come from Copenhagen, calling at Kiel ind Hamburg, and no *ickn*-ss had shown itseif on board. On* of the patients, a man, is in a fair w -y of recovery; the other, a child, died witliiu seven hours of the first appearance of the symptoms. The cases were imme diately brought under the cognizance of the proper sanitary authorities, and all precautions have been taken to prevent the spreading oi' the disease. New Material for Makutg Paper — We hear that it is intended to carry ou' in this country, in an. extensive way, the French invention of making p;--per from the sheath of ihe hop-stalk, when the ou*er skm h-s been removed. The substance made from t!ds material ia of great suppleness and delicacy, and by its employment in this manufacture a iiew and considerable source oi profi-'. will be opened for the hop grower. The impor tance of this discovery to Kentish farmers cannot well be exaggerated, for if the s^aspn should not prove favourable, and fail to produce first- rate hops, the pap; r making material will compensate for the deficiency in this respect. No doubt the growth of hops will be introduced in lUture m uiuuy uusuicis wuere lucj arc not known at present, as the large amount of material which they will supply for paper-making will alone ensure a good return for their r.niti ration ^Thn price of the article is very higl^ at present. — English Paper. The Power of Knowledge — At a soiree of the friends of International Arbitration, held at Manchester on Sept. 30, Mr. Jacob Bright, M.P., *-ho had been asked to preside, wrote as follows, expres-ino1 regret that he could not attend: — 'The spread of knowledge must be your chief weapon. If the people had knowledge, wars would be rare indeed. Whatever barbarism r mains iu this country, is, iu my opinion, more due to the proion- red wars of the pas* generation than to any other cause, for so much of the energy of the nation was given to foreign conflicts, and so little to the improvement of the mind and .man ners of the people. Resolutions in support of the objects of the ineVuu? were passed, Mrs. Lucas, sister of the Right Hon. John Bright, being one of the principal speakers. At a conference of clergy which preceded the meeting, regret at the outbreak of the Ashantee war, and declaring the confidence of the meeting that they wo«ld have Mr. Johu B right's and Mr. Gladstone's sympathy, agreed to the presenta1 ion of an address to these eentlemeu, urging the use of ali reasonable endeavours to avoid further recourse to violent uuans in dealing with the Ashantees. This Late Bishop op Winchester — As was to be expected, the pulpits of th»« Church of England have been much engaged by the .lamented d«atli of the ffool Dr Wilberforce. Of the sermons Drea^hed on the melancholy occasiou that by the Bev. T. i^turges, Vicar oi Reading (Berkshire), thus epitomizes the character of the deceased Bishop : — His text was from Acts xi., 24 — ' For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, aud much peoi L- was added unto the Lord.' In ibecour.-e of his remarks the Vicar said : ' No Bishop since the Reformation has done so much to make the Apostolic ordinance of Confirmation a living power for tte conversion of souls. We of the clergy know how the Bishop exh--ried us con tinually to prepare our candidates wir.h the utmost care, to pray with them, and for them, and to seek bv every niKans in our powew to make it the beginning of a new spiritual life. Are there not many iu this church who can look back to their Confirmation as the turning-point, of their liv*-s, when for the first time they realised their own sinful uess aud need of a Saviour ?' The Vicar thf-n spoke of the marvellous amount of labor which the Bishop performed both *6r that diocese and the Church in general His labours, he said, were super-human ; he never seemed to rest ; n*y, he seemed lucapaUJe ot taKing rest, ne naa a very deep sense of the shortness and uncer tainty of iife, and Lad long ago deter, mined to live with hia loins girded and his lamp burning, watching and waiting for his Master's coming. The All-England Eleven — In my last I hinted that there was a probability of Mr. W. Gr. Grace taking up his residence in some Dart of Australia. It appears this is not his intention at present. He has, however, ariang^d to take out a team of cricketers, consisting of five gentlemen players and seven professionals. Tney will leave 'South ampton by the P. & O. steamer on October 23, so that they may be expected to arrive at Melbourne early in Dei-e.iiber, where they will be sure to find a very warm welcome. For the first time in their lives n:ary of them will give old .T.-ick Fro-t the- slip, and eat t'eir Christmas pudding under a, sky as clear as crystal. The team, I am told, will be the strongest that ever represented this hrilliant and noble game in the cplonies It will cousi-t of Mr. W G. Grace, Mr G. F. Grace, Mr. J. A. Bush, Mr. W. U. Gilbert, and Mr. F. H. Boult. The foregoing re the gentlemen p'ayers. The professionals are Messrs. Jupp, R. Humphrey, Southerton, I. illy white, fi-»«AF-Tiivr»r»r} TVTsrflii- TVTrlnf.vrfi and Oscroft They have a- ranged to play in fourteen matches — at Melbourne, Moonta lai-Ie, Sydney, Geelong, Hobart Town, and Ballarat. They w 11, however, if time should serv , doubtlt-^sly respond to invitations to visit other p'aces. T^ey have arranged to return home bv the mail steamer leaving Melbourne in March, in order that t'ey may teach Englan i iu time for the cricketing season of 1874. The London International Exhibi tion. — The first zh n^ t *at strikes the visitor iu the South Austra ian Court i-? a full-length portrait of the Hi ht Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Bart., paiuted for the colony by Mr. Sydney Hodges, lie is portrayed iu undress official uniform, and the likeness is considered to be a very good one. After the first glance, the visi or will of course go into details, and, as I have already said, he will find ample employment both for mind and eye. Copper pyrites and copper ore are arranged in glass cases, and the richness of the ore is demon strated by the specimens of pure copper shown on a table in close proximity to the ore. This i-« sent from the English and Australian Copper Company's pnielt ing work.«. Then there are samp es ? f __ i_ j ? ? j_j ? _ * ? j_1_ _ n copper ueareu oul lo s'wv tue m mea bility of the me al, aud a rod of copper spirally twisted and worked into the form of a walkinsr-stick, to show the working qua ities of the metal. The value of the metal is still further shown by a coiled strio of brass, composed of 70 per ceut of Wallaroo copper aud 30 per cent, of spelter ziuc. in metals South Australia is very rich. The wheat, fo ? which this colony is famous, is exhibit d in neat ulass cases, and shows well. It is net so lar-e in grain as some or our English wheat, but still i' wiil compare favorably with any of the imported sorts that have come under my «.bservaion. I aupnose it is with wheat as with wool, 'a fit.'le change in s^-ed and blo--d i- some' mes desirable. Wool, too, is ar-angred to the best, advantage. Mr. C. B. Fish- r. of Hill Eiver and Buck'and Pak, shows some fine samples of merino wool, with photographs of the fheep- from w'.ich the wool was taken. He also exhibits two fl ece?, one of them i-eing a ram's fleece, the weight of which in the grease is 15 lb-. ; the other ia a t wo-rooth merino ewe's fleece, the weight of which iu the givase is 9j li-s. The dressed leather and meriuo wether skin rug sem by the same gentleman is much admired. Mr. F. H. Dufcton, of Anlaby, has also a capital show of wool here. Two case* are devoted to his sample'. The first contains som- beautifu1 sampl s of fine meriuo wool, and the o her, 'wo complete fleeces of f'e same quality. M . J H. Ang s, .of Colingruve, exhibits seeral samples of merino wool, and some photographs of merino sheep. He has also five spleudid looking fleeces on vi; w Te Hon. A B. jfclurr.y, Mr. Jas. Anderson, Mr. W. Peacock, Mr. P. Maurice, and Mr. T P. Jones exhibi' some tin* specimens of Angora woo1 T e coll ciou of birds sent by Mr. H. T. Morris is much admired. The wild grass sent by Mr. Mullet has attracted the notice of pap r manufacturers. Now that material for paper-in kin» is so tjca'ce, there seems no reason why this grass should noi; be utilised for t'.e pmpose. Indeed, it cannet be too well known that the South Au-tralian Parlia ment lias passed an Ac , giving a bonus of two thousand pounds for the first two hundred and fifty tons of p:iper made from material collected in South Australia. Among t; e wine exhibitors I find the names of A. Hardy, G. Whire, P. Auld, Hon. Justice Gwynne, C. B Toun , D. Eandall, J. D. Hol^irook. J. H Kaines, E. J. Peake, W. Jacob, Wm. Green, F. \V. Liudrum. E. D. Boss, E. J. Hector, Eorrimer & Co., Henry Foote, Joseph Gilbert, J. Kuowles, J E. Seppelt, A. Greig, and W. Nitschke. It appears that there is some doubt, owing to imper fect inform tkm in the lists sent from the colony, whether the wines and dried fruits, which appear in the name of A. iiaiuj, miuun1 uut properly ue uescrioea. as exhibited by Mr. Thomas Hardy. The walls of this court are set. off with no eDd of photographs, and its appearance is still further enlivened by some very good paintings and m-ps. Four statis tical charts sb-»w (1) the price of wheat for ten vears ; (2) the price of Bheep and cat^e for ten years; (3) the rates of wages for ten vear* ; and (4) ihe prices of the necessaries of life for every m nh during 1872 The wealth ot South Australia ia still further shown by a very complete set of gold ex' ibits, prominent among which is a nugget of native gold, wei-hing about 13ozs , from the TJlooloo gold-field The silk and cocoons Bent by Mr. Angas Evans, speak well for the progress of this industry, and che Masonic inlaid marble table, contributed by M, Shunkels, shows great taste iu parquetrie work and the harmoniuu blending of colours. 