SERMON PREACHED BY FATHEK BURKE ON THE OCCASION OF THE DEDICATION OF THE ARMAGH CATHEDRAL. The distinguished preacher having taken the following for his text— ''.The just man lives by faith,' proceeded to deliver an elo quent and most impressive sermon. He said-r-These words, dearly beloved brethren, are from the writings of Saint Paul. May it please your eminence, most rev. lords, and dearly beloved brethren, the Apostle of the Gentiles, divinely inspired. '. by the Holy Ghost, laid down in these words one of the grandest and most consoling principles that can fall upon the ear of man. He says men live for various objects — some live to enrich themselves, some to gain power; but among the various ends, objects, for which men can live, the Apostle selects one, and lie says — ' There is something else which a man can can live for.' My just man — that is to say, the just man in my estimation — is the man who lives by faith. As ifc is with individuals, dearly beloved brethren, so it is with a nation. A nation may live for this object or for that ; a nation may live for the purposes of war or gain ; a nation may live for purposes of commerce ; but a nation or a people may also live the higher life of which the Apostle speak?. A nation may live by faith. Now, dearly beloved brethren, what do these words mean — to live by faith ? Whether we consider ifc in the individual or the nation ifc means simply this, that the Al mighty God condescends to offer Himself as the object and purpose of man's, life. He places Himself in the category of objects »for which a man may live. He takes His place as it were, amongst created things, and He says 'You may live to obtain riches, you may live to obtain power ; you may live for political influence ; but there is one grand object you can live for, and. that is faith. And this, according to the Apostle, is the highest form of justice, the highest, noblest nobility of man — for a man or a. nation who lives by faith, first of all, rises to the dignity of realizing the unseen. We cannot see Him and yet we can live for Him. Therefore, the faculty of realizing the unseen, of realizing that unseen God with so much fervour, with so much vigour, as not only to. live for Him, in pleasing Him, bub to manifest that life in acting for God, in ? suffering for God, iu spreading the Kingdom of God, and, if necessary, in dying for God. Now, we are assembled tare to-day, dearly beloved brethren, to make one great act of faith — the greatest act of faith, perhaps, that the Irish people have been called upon to make for several hundred years. We come together not merely as representing a nation, but as representing a race ; and, in the consecration of this mighty cathedral to God for the Catholic Church of Saint Patrick, we have the eyes of all the Irish race throughout the world fixed upon us, and we have, moreover, the legions of the saints of Ireland looking , down from their high thrones in heaven uppu their, successors iu the episcopacy in this faithful land, upon their successors in the ministry, and upon their faithful people. I regret, in common with you all, that the eloquent voice which we, expected to hear will not resound iu the midst; of us to-day. It was befitting. that one so high in intellect, so pure and holy in heart, so demoted in his life to the. Irish people that he has bound up his life and labours with them; ifc -was befitting, I , say that such .a man, who would have brought majesty to the consecration and weight of dignity uj-on his words to-day, were here to attest and to render homage to the great head of the Irish race. We can only hope that God, will prolong to him that high and holy life? and that on some future occasion, if not on many future occasions, we may have the opportu nity of listening to that matchless- and that unrivalled eloquence that falls from his lips. This, I say, is one of the greatest occasions thai ever presented itself to the Irish people, for it is the uprising indeed, if not the ' 1 'in ? ill n ? I | ,,aji-.r..ii=ai fimmtr manifestation of the resurrection, of tha' Church which has never died, and of that; race which never can be utterly conquered. or utterly perish, because God, Whom that Church represents, and to Whom that race has consecrated itself, is within them and about them. Nearly 1500 years have passed away since that most/ memorable event in the annals of the world and of the Churck when a stranger landed upon the shores of Ireland, and in an old Celtic town proclaimed to the princes and to the Icings of the ancient land the name and the glories of Jesus Christ the Son of God. St. Patrick was fortunate in his apostleship, for lie came to a people who seemed naturally created for a life of divine faith. He found amongst the Irish race the men to whom he preached -a strange faculty of realizing the unseen and realizing the .truth of the apostle's words ; no difficulties crossed hini ; he had only to proclaim the naihe of God and the true God, the mime of Jesus, the name of Mary, the mother- of our Lord, when instantly, as If* 1 1 came to them natural ly, the whole peo ple all like one .'man arose, and without ask ing from their apostle the testimony of one tear of sorrow or of one drop of blood, the Irish nation, the Irish people: sprang to the truth which came to them from St. Patrick's lips, and if the apostle was fortunate in the people to whom he preached, Ireland was also fortunate in the apostle whom Almighty God sent to her. He brought with -him not; merely the unction of his episcopal consecra tion, not m'erely the authority of the holy Church of God, not oiily commission from Ce lestinOjthePopebfRo'mrybu'tbroughtvrithhini a kindly, loving heart, so like the hearts of tho people to whom he . preached. He brought also with him immense learning!,, and yet a simplicity of character most childlike because most Christian. He ? brought . with him it, becoming love for the nation /and for;, the people, and 'a deep appreciation of all that is most beautiful in the natural character ' ot' the Irish race. : At once, and with a divine instinct;, Ireland took her apostle ? to her bosom, and Patrick clasped the young Church in the embrace of his apostolic love. He're mained thirteen years in Ireland as a bishop prcauhing; the Gospel1 in the midlanel portion of the' country, and iu the far west towards; the western ocean. Then in. the thirteenth year of his ministry, when he already had converted a great part of the island, when be had already built churches and established missions throughout the land, Sfc. Patrick bethought himself that the time had come when he should establish a primatial see and the metropolitan jurisdic tion of an archbishop over the newlycon verted country. Divine prudence guided the apostle's steps until he came among these hills, and here he obtained possession of a piece ofc' land, and there Patrick, the Apostle, founded the church and the city of Armagh.1 ?? Her** he planted his own see. He lifted up for the first time his own hands in his own cathedral, to bless the people thereof. He made the people of Armagh and the city that grew rap around it the very Jerusalem of Ireland, the city of all jurisdiction, from whence he sent; forth bishops of his own into every portion of the land, and priests coisecrated by him by hundreds and thousand*. Now it is thafe we observe how the Irish race lived by faith. Amongst the annals of nations, dearly beloved brethren, we find that until a people' are first converted to Christianity it requires a long delay of years before that people, cm produce the matured harvest of a national priesthood. ? The only exception to this rule was the Irish nation. No sooner were they converted than they instantly rose to the sanctity and the grandeur of a national priesthood. No sooner were they converted than they became instantly a monastic nation, and the great centre of Ireland's inonastieisin and of her early success was the very spot on which yoiE stand, the cathedral of the city of St. Patrick in Armagh. Here for three hundred years, from the 5th until the close of the eighth cen tury scholars came from every part of the known; world thai; they might derive from the successors of Sfc: Peter that great knowledge which they were to bring back to their own people and f o their own nation, so that 1'relamt became through her scholars, through these three centuries, the very light of the world for great learning, the very light of the world for the brightness of her sanctity. Forth, from Armagh, and from the other great centres of Ireland, monastic learning went through three centuries to evangelize the greater part of Europe. From St. Patrick's See, from Patrick's Cathedral of Armagh* us from a c nt.'e went forth all that' life, thaf; life of faith by which the nation consecrated, itself in the highest form of monastic sanctity to -God: that life of ? apostolic zeal, by which our fathers became the; apostles of the whole -world; that life of supremo saucity by which the island- itself was made to be the mother of the brightest; and the greatest; saints of the Church ofGocL Tim--, dearly beloved brethren, the first ele ment in the' life of faith by which the Irish race lived for God, the very first element was the element of enlightenment or know*. ledgeY for this is the first essential feature of the life of divine faith. Faith; itself is the virtue of intelligence, faith is the recognition. in God of His infinite wisdom and infinite knowledge, and therefore the first element iix. J?B«^ ? the divine life of- faitli of the man or the nation that lives by faith, is knowledge. Bat the life of faith is more than this. The next great feature in the life of faith of any people is power, the aggressive power, and, this also, the Irish race inherited from God through the ministry of Si;. Patrick. He made them ?aot only a holy people, not only a faithful people, hut He made our fathers to be a strong people, and the secret of their strength was their faith. After BOO years of -monastic sanctity, it was in the design of God that the Irish race were not only the holiest, but were the strongest and the most power ful people on the face of the earth; and, in order to prove this, God let loose on Ireland fehe great scourge of the Danish nation. .{Before ? the conquering arms of the. Danes anany of :.the nations of Europe went downi !They reached England and took possession of the. land. They took possession of the western shores of Scotland, and a portion of the northern provinces of France, and where ever they went they declared war against the saints of God, against the Cross, and against the Christian religion. For 300 Tears,1 year after year, their fleet swept the .seas', and their- armies swept in thousands and thousands upon the shores of Ireland; But here, 'they found the people united as one man upon the grand principle of their religion.' They found the whole Irish race, all the men of the land, the fathers and sons for generation after generation for 800 years clinging firmly and unitedly to their faith ; and the Danish invader struck blow after blow at them, until at length the great and laighty warrior king drew his sword in the aiame of the Crucified, and smote the Daues, that they never lifted up their hands against the Irish people any more, nor dared to set foot on the soil of Ireland again. 'While the D'anes settled in lands more powerful, . and obtained a permanent footing in other countries, Ireland alone was able to ; drive them from her free bosom because they assailed the religion of ike people;- and they struck a -blow at Sfci . Patrick's God and St. Patrick's law.; i Thus the Almighty ? God showed, in ihe pow.er- of ithis'- people, a wonderful unify ing! power and 'strength;! the power of the principle i of divine faith. Meantime, this .Danish invasion, as they all knew, produced the most lamentable results. In the year $-2 they invaded this archiepiscopal city of Armagh, and destroyed St. Patrick's Cathe dral. They, banished the archbishop, they tiroveiaway the students i from the -school, ttnd for ten years after held a ; footing here, -arid left behind them only. desolation and ruin., i Ifc was not until1 8S4, ten years -later, that the Irish Prince, O'£seilL gathered his auen around him, ; assaulted the Danes at Armagh, and drove them away from the city and from Ireland. jN'ow, another invasion followed,! still more terrible, arid this time.it was riot ;t he faith 'of the Irish people tha'tfwas assaulted, it' was only- their national existence, j ?And. dear to; every nation as its liberty and its ; aational existence ought to be, and'strouk.andj jkexoiaas -were the efforts of .Ireland's -kings .and princes ? to- preserve ?? the treasure o£ her smtional existence, still, in the providence of Oo.d, .it was designed . that Ireland .should shine- out amongst the nations as unconquered aud:'.. unconquerable, ouly iipou the question of divine life -ahcl. her faith. .Powerful as was the: principle: of nationality, Ireland: I was ?defeated -oil, this issue. God took it away from us;. Tbonationariife.ofoiir -people is not based -on military; glory;- such glory is not o\u'!?i; our interests' are merged in those of another. people. ? The providence of G.od has siot brought out- our national life in commerce and in weatli — all these things we have' been indifferent' to, and we '. haveisacriflce'd them: But . the providence of Godibraught .out the unconquerable,' the imperishable ; life of the Uriah race only upon the question of their faith. On that alone every poweron earth may assail, and on that alone every power in hell may Ti.se. against ..them. - Ou the' question of faith the Irish nation' has risen a conqueror from every battlo-fieJd, no matter how much blood ^he-lias shed. 400 years the stranger was. in die -land, and during this time . the Irish ?Jbishops and primates of Armagh clung a .sound, the. cathedral of Armagh. To the .Tr Ish race Armagh was as Jerusalem to the House of David, the fountain of her faith. IBut flow 800 yea/rs ago a great change came over, -the thoughts of the English nation — a great change came over, the mauners and the morals* of the land. England solemnly and fcadly a bjured the Catholic faith, and separ ated he rself from the Church *of God — a change That was effected with much blood shed in th« sister land, and. was also sought 'to be offer? ted in Ireland. Juliets went forth that the n aine of Peter or of his successor ?was no Ion ger to be heard on Irish soil. When Pati 'ick administered the Sacra ment to the Irish people, it- was in vir tue of the p ower he received from the 1'opo of -Homo, au-i St. Patrick tried to give to the Irish -race the secret, of all their religion, of all thi ^l- faith, of their undying and imperishable Jife when he used these ?words : — ' Stand b) T Home; if there be any dissensions or quarries bring them to Home; don't go to Home as slaves to a master, but go to Home as children to their mother.' In other words, he won't deep into the Irish saind, deep into the Irish Jieax't, the secret of all religion, of all Catholicity, of all Divine truth — namely, that the Almighty God left behind Him on earth a representative and a vicar, who speaks in the name of 'Jesus Christ; and the only man on the earth .who has the authority to speak, as Vicar of Christ and in the* name of God — a man who is supreme in the Church of God, who witnesses to her faith with infallible voice, and who cannot mislead the people — and that man is the Pope' of Home. Patrick taught the people of Ireland that as long as they were united with Peter in Home they; were united with Jesus Christ, and no power in earth or hell can take your faith from you. Now, this is the very principle that saved -Ireland in that sad day in the l(3th century when called on to surrender her faith, and I wish to put this before you. When Henry VIII. called on Ireland to become Protestant he did not at once ask the people to pull down the altars. He did not ask them to abjure the Holy Sacrifice of' the Mass. He did not assert it was idola trous. He did not break up the constitution of the Church in detail. All the Protestant kings of England asked the Irish people to do was to renounce their allegiance to Home — to give up their connection with Peter. It is a significant fact, and one worthy of re mark in those' days, that- the Irish people wex'e only asked to give up Peter—to sever their connection with Home. We have seen in that a splendid illustration of her first sanc tity. We have seen how, in her strength, the young nation was able to repel the Danish in vader, and maintain incessant war for 300 years — a thing we read of in the history of no other people ever created. We have seen the love which bound the people to the archbishops, bishops, and priests during the 400 years of the Saxon invasion. They were the' consolers of the nation; they, wiped away the tears from her eye, and bade her never despair, for as long as she was faithful to God, God would never utterly abandon the Irish people. And now the i decree goes forth to the bishops of Ireland to give up the Pope— not to give up the Catholic religion, but to give up the Pope — and. to acknowledge the King of England head- of the Church, as well as head of the, State. ?' And on that day there was a man to ' whom Almighty God gave the high privilege to ' be the champion of the faith of Ireland, who spoke trumpet'tongued throughout the land to the people of Ireland, and said, ' Peter, the Pope, isthe soul, and head, and heart of Ca tholicty ; and the people who separates from i him ceases to be Catholic/ Brace yourself up,, i if necessary, 'to fight rather than blaspheme - Peter's prerogative.' That word went forth - throughout the land, and, God be blessed, ; from George Oremour, who was the Primate ? of all ' Ireland, and the Bishop of Armagh. ; The wonderful sight was seen by the world ] af a! whole nation — priests, bishops, and peo- : pie standing tip like one man, and crying ] Diit ?' Pro avcx'et fock.' Every heresy that ! i has M ever sprung up in the world has de- h rnaude'd its martyrs, and every schism in the ; - Church of God has shed blood, but to Eng- j - lish Protestantism was reserved the strange I 1 privilege of making not one man, not one'; i family, not even a tribe of men, but a whole : nation, tlic ! united champions of truth and j : martyrs of' Catholicity. The whole nation, ? from the day of her first trials owes her sal- \ tation to1 the fearless and energetic voice of \ the Archbishops '' 6f Armagh— the Primates of ' Ireland. '?' We now come ' to a period of persecutions ? the' most terrible, and, dearly beloved, I will only call your attention to the fifteen bishops of Armagh who followed immediately the Reformation, to see in them and in their acts how much our fathers suffered.''-'1 That Primate died in 1543, and the , bishop who succeeded him, ^ though consecrated, was never allowed to set i ' foot in Ireland, and the Irish Church had not the privilege of beholding her spouse. Primate* Do wal was the next Archbishop of Armagh, and no sooner was ho consecrated than Catholic truth' and Catholic doctrine . resounded throughout the land. He was^ taken'in the reign of Edward the Sixth, and dragged' into prison, and .then sent into exile, . He was recalled in the time of Q.ueeri Mary, and lived to see -the faith for which he had : stifle red exile and imprisonment triumphant ; throughout the land. He was succeeded by Hiehard Grey, who governed Armagh from 1(563 to 1585. He was 22 years arch bishop, which he spent in the Tower of London. He was manacled with iron and reduced to star vation. He was offered everything in the world, honour and power, his own See of Armagh, his own cathedral and all, if he would renounce one tit-tie, one iota of the Catholic faith, if he would give up Peter; but from the dungeon his voice came forth and thrilled the nation. 'Hear me,' he said, ' who speak from his dungeon and his chains: let Ireland stand byj Peter.' That man was unconquerable; he died from poison in 1585. He was succeeded by Primate M'Gaurau, who reigned from 1586 to 1.598. He landed in Ireland, but he had to fly from his own city, and took refuge with a noble Irish chieftain named Maguire, of Fermanagh. There was a terrible battle fought between the English and Irish forces at a place called the Field of Mortars. The Primate was on the field of battle ; he was attending to the wounded and nclministering the Holy Sacrament to the dying, and for the crime of attending to these— the crime of holding the body of the Lord in his fingers— L a troop of English lancers thrust their lance's through his body as they' passed in the ? route ; so he fell ?'. a martyr to the faith and ' the holy sacraments of the Catholic religion. He was succeeded by Peter Lombard in the see. He was a man renowned' for his learning, but he was never allowed^ even to set foot in the diocese of Armagh. In 1627 Hugh O'Eeilly governed this diocese until 1651. During his reign the Catholics of Ireland enjoyed for a time a period of prosperity. As Primate of Armagh he stood foremost in the ranks of those who endeavoured to maintain Ireland's. national- ity. He was the foremost in her councils;, the friend of Owen Roe O'Neill and the other heroes of his time, and he kept the faith of Ireland and her national glory alive, but the battle was destined to be lost, and Hugh O'Eeilly had to fly. He died in 1651* on a small island on Lough Erne called Trinity Island, where he was hiding from Cromwell's partizan followers. His successor as Primate was Edward O'Eeilly, who, from 1664 to 1669, again served the Irish. Church. And, mark you, this was in the reign of King Charles II. However, as he was banished from his see by a false accusation;' and by this time, seeing, by i00 years' experience, that it was impossible to make Ireland give up the Catholic faith, the Minister of the day thought he might try what1 freedom and teaching would do. The drawn sword was the only argument ever before used in relar tion to Ireland; but this Minister, with unusual cunning, thought that he might endeavour to extract some expression from the people, from the Primate of Armagh^ from the bishop and the priest of the people, some expression against the Catholic faith. Accordingly he got an apostate priest to draw up certain resolutions, there was nothing in them contrary to the Catholic faith; there were only a few things about' the Pope of Home: There was, a great point in that, and it was for the purpose of making the Irish people sever from P.eter that this apostate priest and the resolutions were pre pared. What did this minister of the Crown of England do ? Why, he wrote a most kind letter to the Primate wishing him to come home to Ireland and to his see of Armagh, and that he would be received in the best manner, but that he was expected to subscribe to a document. He came, and called a synod of the bishops in Dublin, the document was put into his hand ; and what did he say? He said, Tliere is enough in this document to separate Ireland from Home; and whatever tends to sap the faith of my people or destroy their allegiance to Peter, I will not see. I may die. You may burn my right hand off, hut I will not sign this docu ment. His example stimulated the other bishops, and the paper was flung into the1 face of the Viceroy, and the very next day they were flung into prison to languish and to die. This Primate died iia exile. He was succeeded by a man immortalized in the his tory of this country — the gifted and sainted Oliver Plunkett. He presided over the see from 1669 to 1681. He was tried in London for his life. His body was literally torn to pieces. With his dying eyes he saw . the hand of the ' hangman grasping to get at his heart and tear it from him ; ' and his head was cut off, a'nd his great soul went up to tell at the Throne of God the tale of Ireland's wrong. He was the last of the Irish bishops who shed his blood for the faith. His succes sor died in exile, as many others of those who came after him. The hand of persecution re laxed, and the Irish people began to breathe. One hundred; and fifty years ago our numbers were reduced to a miserable minority by what they are to-day. The eloquent preacher having 'again dwelt on the noble temple erected on the ancient site— worthy to be the shrine of, Ireland's God and of our Lord Jesus Christ ; worthy to be a monument of Ireland's great apostle, the might Patrick ;-a blessing among the natious ; worthy to be 'the representative of a ? race which was nurtured in monastic sanctity, and matured in the holy sanctity of martyrdom brought his discourse to a termination. A collection was then made, among those who officiated as collectors being Lord Lnrgan, Viscount Southwell, Philip Callan, M.P.;; P. J.. Smyth, M.P. ; D. G. Heron, M.P. ; Sir Bernard Burke,' Sir John Esmonde, Sir John Bradstreet, Major O'Heilly, M. pease, M.P. ; Alderman M-Swiuey, Dublin ; and P. M. Haverty, New York. The sum of £8200 was sub scribed. Adv. — Holloway's Pills give instant relief. In digestiou given rise to a large share of the maladies of mankind ; it occasions more miseries than the doctor knows names for. Indigestion springs from many causes, over which Holioway's Pills exercise the most perfect control. They act at once on the stomach, liver, bowels, and kidneys, and correct their torpid, defective, or disordered funotions. They restore the waning 'appetite, strengthen the feeble stomach, and spare the dyspeptic sick head ache, and many nameless torments. They recall every organ to a true sense of its duties. Holioway's Pills have with facility cured cases of bad digestion which had existed for a long time and baffled much medical skill. Ihey aro reliable remedies for all varieties of indigestion. 