HOLIDAYS. I (Saturday Review.)' I TJIEUB is a certain trito old Btory, which is indeed s trite that we are half ashamed to -alludo to it, about i king and a philosopher. ' It should be esteemed as groa an offence in literature to bring up worn-out anecdote as in society to wear worn-out clothes. The Germai who. evolves things ont of his consciousness, th notorious New Zealnudcr, and tho Indian who nskei what the tortoleo Btood upon, should bo abolished bj Aot of Parliament. "Wo will thcreforo indicato thi anecdote in question ouljr in a circuitous manner, bj saying1 that it is intended to illustrate the folly ol not taking a holiday ut once; instead of wastinr. your lifo in qualifying yourself for a holiday Englishmen aro apt to . complain, or rathei to boast, under the form of complaint ttyit they are incapable of taking this piece of adrice. They labour from youth to old ago without OBOS fairly getting out of the traces, and asking them selves plainly whether their lifo is, on tho whole, worth leading. Would it bo really hotter if they did p Host people would of course reply, when the question is stated in this way, that it certainly would bo . better. They would point to the innumerable cases of mea who aro killing themselves by inches in tho effort to rise ono step in the ladder whoa they are already perfectly comfortable. Thousands of people might be enjoying reasonable lives, with opportunities for self-culture, for sccal enjoyment, and for ohnritable effort, whoso whole energy is absorbed in tho desperate struggle to add superfluities to comforts. They aro well ; thoy would be better ; and they got a softening of tho brain.' That is'tho.history of many wasted lives. Things might, bo ohanged if only peoplo would systematically step aside from themselves at stated intervals and make a careful valuation of their existonco. Pro- bably most men can recall certain moments at which such a new light has flashed upon them. They have felt a Bhock such as comes across us when wa accidentally catch sight of ourselves in an unexpected mirror, and, mistaking our own image for somobody else, exclaim frankly, " What an ill- looking fellow that is !" - The mirror may be formed out of a benevolent retrospect, or it may bo constructed out of our own imaginations^ Hermits who retired to the deserts ia old days were haunted by strange phantoms, nud pro- bably tho strangest and most instructive of appari- tions wcro their own doubles. It is worth while, sait is suggested, that we should periodically retiro to such deserts as Ho within a day's journey from Chnring-cross to have a chance of a similar vision. Sitting in soli- tude, apart from th» noise of carriages and tho gossip of clubs or newspapers, wo. shall perhaps catch Bight ot a familiar and yet a startling figure. "Wo shall, it may be, see a worldly sophisticated figure, deformed by unhealthy toil, in an uncongenial atmosphere, cramped by the artificial dress which has become a kind of second skin, and shall bo shocked to disoover that tho ugly object is nothing but a faithful 'copy of onr solves. Tho patriot io minister will bo revealed to him- self as a time-serving domagogue. the oloquont preacher as a mere mass of unctuous sentimentalism ; nnd half tho world would discover that in one way or another it was dropping the substance in pursuit of the shadow. Would not such revelations contain some highly useful, though very bitter, lessons p and should we not all come back wiser and better men from our temporary re treat ? Holidays so employed would speedily raise the tono of society, and disperse half the shams by which others besides air. Carlyle aro offended. Thero is undoubtedly much truth insnoh a theory. It would probably bo a very excollaut regulation if every Primo Minister, for examplo, woro condomned after a certain tenure of office to pass a proportional time io Pentcnvillo Penitentiary, ¿eft there to himself with no'hing but broad and water, with all distracting hooks, Buch as Homer' or treatises of controversial theology, carefully put out of his way, ho might doubt- less issue from his confinement a wiser and a sadder man. A little communing with the _ eternal silences would teach him some lessons differing from those which are generally enforced by the " hear, hear " of tho youse of Commons. And it may be added that our firesent syBtem of kooping holidays, is very little colen atad to promoto such fruitful moditatjons. ' Nine men out of ton at the present day complain of being over- worked ; a complaint to which it is woll to listen in most casos with a so.'pticnl ear. Overwork is generally a polite synonym for being bored. A man is weary, not from oxcisnive application, but from want of interest j in his work. A holiday, thorofore. means an opportunity for distraction, or, in other words, for discharging j the pent-up onorgies which havo been aoeamu ! fating dunne tho time of elaborate idleness, miscallod labour. The moro active-minded seize the occasion for riding some favourite hobby with new zeal ; I and even tho moro frivolous Beek for tbo excitement derivable from tightsceing or crowds. A large number of persons, it is credibly supposed, will spend their holiday this Bummer in walking the treadmill of a .Universal Kxhibition in a capital city. Holidays spent in this fashion'aro certainly not likely to bring with' them any deeper insight into tho conditions of our own existence. Bather the caso is likely to be inverted, and business hours aro likely to be spent in reflecting on tho oxtrcme absurdity of our leisure occupations. Were men really in search of tho calming influences of a holiday, thoy would make their retreat elsewhere. They would scatter aa widely as possible, instead of herd- ing together in migratory droves. They would seriously study tho neglected, art of doing nothing. - Persons who feel this eccen- tric desire for solitude may cosily gratify their propensities.. Tho best of all retreats is of 'course to bo found in London. A Sunday walk in the city pro- duces a Bense of utter retirement far moro thou tho wildest moor ; and there is no better placo for calm me- ditation than the desorted smoking-room of a club in tho dead Bcason. Tho absence of tho ordinary life in Buch places becomes a positivo instead of a merely, nega- tive element. You feel yourself to bo not morely alone, but deserted, and consequently are not only at liberty to moralizo if you plooso, but ore conipellod to moralize whether you liko it or cot. If a member' of Parliament could secure tho key of tho House of Commons and look upon the empty benches from the Speaker's choir for a coupla of hours daily during the reoesB, he would bo qualified at the end of it to preach a inoving course of Bormons on the ever- lasting text, Vanity of vanities. 1 he old ghosts of dead politicians would sit with him, not os they appear when invoked by somo orator appealing to the glories of the British Constitution, but in a sadder and moro aobor light. Patients aro sent to breatha the air of pino woods or of mountain heather; why should not tnoso who aro Buffering- from tho moral diseases engendered by too much intercourse with tho world try the effect of the strange aroma which lingers in places conse- crated by old associations P The advantages, whatever thoy may be, produced hy temporary retirement from our ordinary BOIVCS aro in- deed counterbalanced by very considerable CVÍIB. FOW peoplo aro really qualified to turn euch opportunities to good "account. Itopontanco is an exoeUcat thing when it loads to action, but if it means a Bimplo disposition to kick against tho inevitable, it is a very questionable frame of mind. When a man is onco fixod in a groove, tho best thins that ho can do, ia ninety nine cases out of n hundred, is to stay in it. Why, then, should bo cultivate fancies which are only likoly to moko him dis- contented P .' 