LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. j [BV OUK LONDON CORHIMPONDENT]. Dhow-Ohasing in Zanzibar Waters and on . the Eastern (hast of Africa : By Captain ! G. L. Sullivan, B.N., Ute commander ' of Her Majesty's ship " Daphne." (Lowe and Co.) Thia Work appears apropos 1 of Sir Bartle Freres' mission, to the \ successful issue of which all hopes are directed. It is a powerful plea for the suppression of the slave trade, the horrors of which catt neither be described nor overstated. On the bottom of one of these dhows captured by Captain Sullivan was a pile of atones as ballast, i and on those stones, without even a mat, were twenty-three women huddled together, one or two with infants in their arms ; these women were literally doubled up, there being no room to «it I erect. On a bamboo deck about three feet above the keel, were forty-eight men ; crowded together in the same way, and on another deck above this were fifty three children. Some of the slaves were : in the last stages of starvation and dysentery. In the event of these dhows being chased, they are run ashore, wrecked, and the poor «reatures merci i lessly sacrificed. It is estimated that the number of negroes that are shipped from the coast annually is et the lowest calculation, from Zanzibar alone, above 20,000 a-year. Captain Sullivan's book has a higher interest than the mere record of adventure, and though from its nature it excites interest of a pain- ful kind, we. trust it will, nevertheless, meet with the attention it ought to re- ceive. Memoir of a Brother: By Thomas Hughes, H.P., author of Tom Brown's ScJiool Days ; 3s. (Macmillan and Co). We are told that this memoir was not originally written for publication, but for the use of the children of the author and their cousins, in order to make them better acquainted witb, more especially, the earlier life of their father and uncle. Mr. George Hughes- was the senior of the well-known author* «f " Tom Brown's School Days " by rather more than a year, and they grew up together in most loving companionship. Mr. T. Hughes says, " the subject of this memoir was only a good epecjmeu of thousands of Englishmen «F high culture, high courage, and high prin- ciple, who are living their own quiet lires in every corner of the kingdom. The letters which passed between Mr. Hughes, senr., and his son George, while at Bugby and Oxford, form, we think, one of the most interesting parts of the book-a book so popular that already it is in its third edition. Walks in Florence: By Sitian and Joanna Horner, 2 vols. ; 21s. (Strahan and Co.) " Beautiful Florence," is the exclamation of all her visitors. Her old buildings still wear an aspect of stateli- ness and splendour, the perfect cleanness of her streets contrasts favourably with those of many continental cities, and an air af quiet respectability pervades the whole place. Before these ladies the authors invite us to walk with them through Florence; they give us a graphic sketch of its early history, and a general notion of all that concerns thai city. These volumes teem with instruc- tion, and form the most complete guide to Florence and its treasure of art sad history that has yet appeared. They are written so gracefully and with such delicate appreciation of the subject, that those who have not been to Florence, long to see the famous city of Dante, of Savonarola, of the 'Medici, and of numberless other remarkable personages, its public buildings and art treasures, those wonderful ideals of beauty, or purity, or heroism, whieh probably never ¡ will be surpassed so loDg as the world v, lasts, ftad will continue to be admired and copied by crowds of enthusiastic students. ,. , r 7 Political PoHraUs, OItaraetert,Df some of Public Men, «s.^Strabauíe Úo*t«f the twenty sketches which this Toluene contains have been published in the Daily JVëuw. The writer has painted in positive colours, and in decided and incisive linea, the most prominent traits in the character of his sitters. He tells us in h is preface that "Torogau and Tynan " has made Ho difference to him ; I and there is perhaps, some want of ! sympathy, and of the insight that comes through sympathy, discernible ito all ¡hil political portraits. But they are masterly ¡ and vigorous sketches. Pungent' epi- grams are thickly scattered through them, and the portraits of Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Disraeli, and Mr. Bright, contain, I significant touches. For instance, in speaking of Mr. Disraeli our 'author says :-" Nothing could be more un- warrantable than to impute deliberate insincerity to Mr. Disraeli. Men jC***"* imagination have usually a' great facuhty of occasional belief." ' But it is the smaller men, such as Lord Halifax, the Duke of Argyle, Mr. Cardwell, and Sir J. D. Coleridge, that the author of this volume is most successful/ The book is very clover, and is sure to bs widely read. Sotes of TliOugU, bg the late Charles Buxton, M. P., preceded by a biographical sketch by tíie Bev. J. Llewellyn Davies, M.A., 108. Cd. (Murray). The intro ductory biographical sketch tb' these " Notes," fulfil its intention of giving to the readers some personal knowledge of the man whosejiterary .utterances they are invited-to study. A* the biographer remarks, Charles Buxton was a man whose work in life had a tonch of origi- nality and distinction about it not un- worthy of notice, and whose character as a whole was of a noble and attractive qua|£y which ought to lend to these pages something of its own charm. It is the life of a prosperous English gentleman who livea for noble aims. We will eire a sample of the "Notes of Thought" which forms the bulk of the book-" Did Behoboam provo so wicked becaustrhe had been so preached to ? The<!b¡nci dence is remsrkable that " tny sin " of the Proverbs should have come ont such a scamp." '" A fig For people who bave a great deal in them." " I like people who give a great deal ont nf them." "Outward things don't give, they draw out. You fiad in "them what yon bring to them: A cathedral makes only the devotional jfeel sjavotiooal Scenery refines only the fine minded.'* "Doe mistake of managers is that they do not trust those under them enough. They are tob much Afraid of upholding their authority ; they are too much afraid lest those under them should get ahead." "How often does á man's tone bf voice and manner makg you feel that he is secretly proud of being so pleasant; and thus .pis very courtesy sets you against him." " Yon have not fulfilled every duty un- less you have fulfilled that of "teing -i" pleasant." Wages: A Story; 3 vols. (Tinsley). Wages is a taking, tjtle for. a story in these doy s ' when social anil cconpmica] problems are so widely discusBed, bot the book is unfair and therefore unsatis- factory. The author, no doubt, bas thought that he or she understood the classes described, whereas they are not truthfully delineated. Oakthht Castle: By Henry Kingsley, 3 VOIB. (Macmillan). It is very difficult to see the drift of this book, which is IsWMH^trTïoTr^^ bears no comparison with some of Mr.' Henry Kingsley's earlier novels. We are hardly euro whether the writer is in jest or earnest. Saint Coolia ¡ A Modern Sale from Real Life, 3 vola. (Low.) The hcroioo is the daughter of an lodjaa Officer, and tho story, though it contains Börne pas- sages of freshness, ie nevertheless wanting in balance, and isBourewbat languid. ' Uamble* : By Patrick Walker. (Long mau'»). These sketches appeared at first in "Frazer'* Magazine. They «re not necessarily connected .with "each other, and the reader may begin with any sketch that he pleases, bat they ore so charming that he «viii probably read them all. One of the rambles was iu and about. Farnham, the ' birthplace tif William Cobbctt , M.P., the editor of the famous Political Réguler. Mr. Walker writes of Gob'*ett, "hrs ignorance nf all that ia highest in literature was immense, and he was immensely proud of it. Thé broad-shouldered, beetle-browed, shrewd, indefatigable, self-esteeming, pugnacious obstinate man, unlearned and unimagina- tive, crammed with prejudices and per- sonal likings and disliking*, looked upon his owu practical common *euu,. as the final 'standard of everything in heaven and earth. Iiis family life was a singu- larly happy one, and he was never tired of praising his wife." Mr. Walker adds an anecdote : there were four passengers travelling to London inside the South- ampton coach ; one of them was a Lady I Cobbett, whose name was tn everybody's I mouth, became the topic of conversation, I and was severely handled by the tbreo\J^. gentlemen,'probably Tories. "I hear," says one, that he is a tyrant at home, and beats his wife, on which the lady, hitherto silent in her coraer, said, " Pardon me, sir, a kinder husband and rather «lever breathed, and I ought to to know, for I am his wife." Mr. Walker in his " Gambles " about Bieter was exceedingly delighted with its Cathedral, although he complained of she organ, which he compared to a gigantic chest of drawers, heaved up on the screen midway. He asks, " Why is this organ unlike the peacock ? Because it delights the ear aaa tortures the eye." London'* Heart : 3 vols. By B. L. Farjcon (Tinsley). Among the many novels which aro continually issuing from the press, and do not merit a line of notice, we do not place " London's Heart." The perusal of this book will repay the reader. He reminds us of Dickens, and yet he is different, pos- sessing his own individuality. His morals go with his «tory, and in no way ^detract from their interest. He deals in h¡BT works with. íocjal, qoettion!, euch aaibpienl influence of music ballsSahd the over-tasking of railway officials pointsmen, for instance-tho defective state of our laws as regards swindling the irresponsibility of magistrates iu rural districts; and he carries his reader with him in all his points, tolling.^is tale skilfully all the while. Tho plot of the story before us ' turns lipon the schemes of a /scoundrel, who want« to get a very pretty and innocent girl who is singing- for ber support in a music ball, tnttf Vis' power. One extract which does not interfere with the story we subjoin, regarding a man who advertises his umbrella-mending establishment as an "hospital." "Why hospital ?" be repeated, in,reply to a qnery from Fred. " Well/' in the first place it's curious, aud curiosity is a good advertisement. It bnngsJbuBiness, you. see.. What .you have got to io now-a-days, if you want to get along, ia to strike out, I say. I often say that to father, but he has not \cot it in him, All he does is to shake rçoï&ead; and put his hands in his pockets. As if a man can get along that way. When that youngster's knickerbockered (with a backward motion of his head towards his baby lying in bis wife's lap) I've made up mr mind that bis clothes shan't have any handy pockets in them, where be can hide bis hands. It breeds idleness. I've seen lots of fellows who j think when they have got their hands iu their pockets that they're following an occupation. I believe it is a real business with a good many. That's a good adver- tisement, isn't it ?" be asked, opening his blue umbrella with its yellow an- nouncement of his business painted on it, and gazing on it with pride " Life and Oorretpondncee of Wield Marshal-Sir George Pollock, O.BC, Q.O.S.T., Constable nf the Tower. By C. B. Lowe (Allen and Co.) The biography of this old and gallant snldicr wih-be read with interest by all those who feel proud of our Indian Empire. This stout and skilful hero, did great service to his country, and it must be admitted that be received tardy justice at ' the bands of the nation. George Pollock was the youngest of tour brothers, sons of Mr. Daniel Pollock, saddler to George III., and three of whom rose to distinc- tion. George WBB SO named because his birthday, was the earn» BB that of his sovereign. In 1801 our hero proceeded to Woolwich, and in 1603 was sent to Bengal es an artillery officer. His name ; as an officer does not stand. out. more prominently than those of KIB contem- poraries until be was appointed to the < task of relieving Jellahabad.and it may bo said that the chief episode of hie life ; was his campaign in Affgbauistau. By bis tact and courage he restored British ] prestige, and re-animated his troops, with 1 confidence. This part of the book is : specially interesting ; bow he made bis ; way -to-the Khyber- Pass, -gathered i around bim an army at Jellalabad, and i planted our victorious standard on the < walls of Cabot, and rescued the captive ¡ ladies and children and others who had fallen into the enemies'hands. " Lord i Ellenborough, whose great desire was to , secure the safe return of the army from , Afghanistan, was so engrossed in \- effecting this imperial duty toot he con- sidered the release of. bis unfortunate countryman a matter of but very minor importance, and, latterly, scarce ever referred, to them in bis correspondence ' with Pollock. General Pollock alone tbonght it worth while to use his utmost débris po bring about that happy con- summation, and the ladies and gentlemen wbô1 were saved from unutterable woe owe their release to the subject of tbjs ! memoir." The man who had ' saved a state was plain Sir George Pollock, G.C.B., until 1870, when he received the baton of Field-Marshal, which honpur was quickly followed by a baronetcy and tbe post of Constable of the Tower. He died in October, 1872, at the age of eighty-Bix, full of years find honour, and was buried in Westminster Abbey. Apparitions} An Essay explanatory af Old Facts and a New Theory: 'By A anton Crosland. (Trübner ana Co.) We must pronounce this OB a most unsatisfactory little book, which is intended io be instructive. ¿nd argumentative,, but is destitute of literary' merit, and jails to ec» tabUsh its doctrines. It is inter- spersed 'with'' abuse of scientific men, and its weakness-is-os «nell- displayed in its praise.,as in ita censure. When the mania of spiritualism possesses a man, he appears to lose his common sense, and tbiB to most observers isa great argument against 'spiritualism. We do not mean to say that their illu- sions are wilful, but they place them- selves Ju. a condition favourable to deception. There is no doubt Hutt mesmerism enters largely into the production of the marvels of spiritualism, and.-gome unknown -force, the germ of some undiscovered truth, may hold its spell .over the minds of those who ant interested in this Bubject.. The larger part of this little boote consists of what! our author calls facts, which are for the most part ridiculous ghost stories, some of which, though not for all, our author vouches. The stories are too long for us -to quote, even if it were worth while.. Essays on ike Jbise and Progress of thc Christian Religion in the West of Europe : By John (Earl) Bussell; 10s. Od. (Long- mans). When an old mao of fourscore, a veteran and respected statetnau, writes a book of this nature, we forbear to criticise. It has its happy hits and its grave faults. The hook manifesta the same love for liberty that ho has always shown, and his repugnance to i'opery is as fierce SB it wa« in days of old, when ho arose in Parliament to do battle against papal aggression and legislatively denounce the parcelling out of Groat Britain among Bomen ecclesiastics. The book also shows bis old faith in Whiggery, nud of himself ns its exponent; and the old egotism and disposition to petty jealousies are plainly visible. In this day the beliefs of men are changing, and P¡»»' Russell, in addressing himself '. leligious subjects, prares hiuistll to be awake to the most important sign of tho times. But though conscious of the questionings around bim, he fails to grasp their ulti- mate issues, or else is fearful of where great principles may ultimately laud him, ' ' Life, Journal, and Letteft , of Tierny Alford, B.D., Dean of Cnnlerbury: Edited ly hi» Widow. (Rivington*.) This biography of a good mau is written with discrimination, and is freo from those many littlenesses which MO often disfigure the narratives of their frieud's life as given by too partial writers. Dean Alford, who is best known ns the translator of the Greek Testament, was born in London, and lobt his motlier a few months after bis birth. His father, who was a special pleader, relinquished this profession for that of tho church when he lost his wile. He was a thoroughly religious man, and took great pains with his sop's education. Young Henry Alford was eighteen when he entered Trinity College, Cambridge. In his journal he makes many brief entries of bis companions. He ..records how, he, met Tennant, Hallam, Merivale, and the three Tenny- sons at Alfred Tennyson's room, and how shortly afterwards he spent " a most glorious evèniug with Words- worth." With Hallam and Tennant he became very intimate. In October, 1834, he waa elected a Fellow of Trinity. He thus wrote to lils cousin Fanny, to whom be was engaged-VI have some good news for y op. I om a Fellow of Trinity. Having got my Fellowship, I shall ; novr r proceedj tb devise * s a method to get rid of it as soon as possible," intending by this that he wished to marry as soon as possible. JuBt then fell vacant the «mall college living of Wismeswold.sostnall.eoobscure, so' much (for.a long' period) neglected, that no senior fellow cared to take it, and^thereupon, he marriedIiis wife and buried himself for a period of eighteen years. Twice be was offered a colonial bishopric but declined them. A good story is told of Jiim when Lord Chancellor. Cranworth offered him, in 1855, a lucrative living in Cornwall, which he declined" as he preferred remaining jn pr, near Loudon, for ^be solté of itt associations and libraries, in order tho beater to*prosecute his Biblical researches. After having made up his mind not to accept the living, he went to call on Lord Cranworth to thank him. ' When I asked to see his Lordship, the servant'taid "his master' was engaged.' I then aaji, Jfam not come to oak for anything but to refuse something offered. ' O then sir, I erasure be will see you,' was the ceph/. .In 1859, be was offered and he accepted the Deanery of Canter- bury. Towards the close of 18GS he became editor of the. Contemporary Review. Fdr several years, Dean Alford bad been failing in heath, .but towards the close'of 1870, he became so seriously indisposed os to awoken the greatest fears of his friends. ' Tip, Dpcjpr. pro- nounced the brain overworked, and ordered total rest. But ' hu work,was done and He rested ïor èvèrl He gradually sank and on the 12th of January, 1871, "with a gaBp but no struggle, his spirit returned to, God who gave lt." This, volume is the told stort of a good man's life* ,UD4 'ie rioh in nil that constitutes * good> biography. Ia the Contemporary Bettete thia month only «'third of the' articles are upon theological and ecclesiastical sub- jects, and the contents, are, therefore, more varied and . popular. Mr. Herbert Spencer« eleventh paparon the study of sociology deals, with the political bias.' He gives some amusing' illustrations of the fallacy tbat "resultsare proportion- ate'to appliances." Ile justly soys that ' the belie! that truly good legislation and administration can go along with humanity not truly good, is a delusion. Under the title of " The Problem of the Deep Sea," Professor Huxley gives ns an interesting description of the philo- sophical mission in which H.M.S. "Challenger"'' is engaged. An anony- mous article on " The meaning of Mr. Tennyson's King Arthur," throws * flood of new light on the allegorical meaning of the Laureate's Arthurian Idylls, and would seem to be inspired by the poet himself, although evidently not. written by him. To Students of " King Arthur" this paper will afford a high degree of pleasure «nd instruction.1 We doubt whether .many readers of the " Idylls" have discovered that the cycle represents a séries of landscape effects, changing from earliest spring to latest tvinter, and that it is a parable of " The Crowned Soul," a knightly version of the *' Imitation of Christ." Macmillan's1 Magazine is unusnlly good. Mr. Thomas Hughes gives us another instalment of his lectures on '* Problems of Civilisation," the Bubjeet dealt with in the number being Trade Unionism. The religious Bide of the question gets due prominence, and Mr. Hughes considers that trade unionism and co-operation is on the whole bene- ficent. " Betsy Lee, a Focs'le Yarn," is completed, and the second part, is hardly equal to the firs!, although it is a poem well worth, rending. The most interesting poper in GoruWl is entitled "lLouis Napoleon pointed by a Contemporary." It consists of a series of extracts from-the unpublished journals of-the late Mr. Nassau, senior, giving the conversations he held on this subject with Madame li, a lady who was brought up OB a (deter With thc Em- peror, and who continued ber intimacy with him till the coup d'etat, which abe, as a woman of integrity and a staunch re- publican, could never forgive. As this paper is in tbe form of conversation, it is not convenient to quote from it, and we must therefore refer our readers lo the magazine itself. Tites? conversations show how thoroughly Madame lt bad discerned traits io Napoleon's character which the occurrences of after years broaght to light. The Gentleman's Magazine is varied and interesting, although wo cannot praise its verses. Mr. Charles Cowden Clarke's paper on " Shakespere's Women considered as Philosophers and Jesters " is very delightful in its way. One of its j serial stories, " The Dead Stranger," is finished this month, and is both \ amusing and sensational. ' lo Irosa- the articles arfe bf unusual merit, and we pingje out rone by.Mjss Nightingale, called" A Note of Interro- gation?" full of suggestion?> to all thoughtful minds, and well deserving a perusal. Blackwood is a capital number. Lord Lytton's " Parisians " is continued ; and wb have a' further instalment of Jtbyt . clover political novel, "A Free Ite formor." Under the title of "ThB Doctor Abroad," a promising tories of j flying notes line been begun. "The homo spun songs " of Sam Slick, junior, are dashing and humorous Yankee rhymes.. There is also a eulogistic review'oif Kenelm Chillingly. ? ' M. Bout's contains a very discrimina- ting and comprehensive critique OD "Georgo Eliot," by George Barnett Smith. The writer 'has clearly got en rapport with his subject, and his paper ia marked by traces of penetrating and sympathetic Insight. Charing brose is a new venture, " supported," we are told, in " address," " by such an unfashionable organisation " as the Amateur Author's Association, "and its object is to give the public a " magazine to which they may themselves " contribute." The projecters Bay that, there is at their disposal an unlimited supply of " copy," and they bint that they can get it for nothing. There is nothing in Temple Say this month, except Mr. Wilkie Collins' " The New Magdalen," that rises above mediocrity. 