THE ELEVENTH HOUR. ANNA L. RUTH. WHIST, sir! Would ye plaze to speak aisy And sit ye down there by the dure! She sleeps, sir, so light and so restless, She hears every step on the flure. What ails her) God knows! She's been weakly For months, and the heat dhrires her wild; The summer has wasted and worn her Till she's only the ghost of a child. All I have 7 Tea. she Is, and God help me! Td three little darlinu beside, Aa party as iver yon see, sir, Bat wan by wan dhrooped like, and died. What was it that tuk them, ye're asking t Why poTerty, sure, and no doubt! They perished for food and fresh air, air, like flowers dhried up in a drought. It was dreadful to loose them ? Ah, was it! It seemed like my heart- strings would break. But there's days when wid want and wid sorrow I'm thankful they're gone-for their sake! Their father t Well, sir, saints forgiTe me! It's a foul tongue that lowers its own t But what wid the sthrikes and the liquor. Fd bether be sthrugglin' alone 1 Do I want to keep this want Thedarllat, The last and the dearest of all! Bhur« you're nlver a father yoonelf, sir, Or you wouldn't be askin' at all r What is that? Milk food for the baby! - ▲ docther and medicine free! You're huntin' out all the sick children. An' poor tollin" mothers, like me t God bless you! an' them that hare sent yon! A new life you've given me so. Shore, sir, won't you look in the cradle At the colleen you've saved, 'fore y«u go ? O mother o' mercies have pity! O darHnt, why couldn't you wait! Dead! dead! an' the help in the dureway I Too late! omy baby. Too late! How avd Whih to Dnri.—Take your meals regularly: do not dine at 2 p.m. to-day, and 7 p.m. to-morrow, and 4 p.m. the day after) bat fix tome stated hour} and, for the workers, I should My that from 6 to half-past 6 v a good and serviceable hoar. Dining late is, as a rule, preferable to mid-day dinners, for dinner ooght to be the principal meal of the day, and, to be enjoyed a* well as digested, admits of neither harry nor interference. The work of the day shonld be over; and a long rest, followed by light occupation before bed time, will be singularly conducive to health as well as happiness. If you are to ignore the art of dining, you may as well repudiate at once the art of living and working, for rest assured that, unless you dine with judgment; you will not be able to calculate with foresight; and, just for the lac| of a little gastronomical knowledge, you may be a bankrupt. Is there not the old story quoted by everybody who baa written on food and digestion—namely, that the first Napoleon lost the battle of Leipsic from eating a badly cooked mutton chop? He died of eanoer of the stomach. I do not say that this was brought on by hit hastily-snatched, half-masti cated cutlets and chickens» but if we allow that a man has a predisposition to malignant disease, is it unlikely that the most ill-treated organ should be attacked by the disease P Be careful as to the character of your food—your imports let us call them i let them be nourish* ing, digestible, and judiciously cooked j for if these three qualities are combined, you will include a fourth—namely, that they shall be palatable. It is easy enough to tell you what is nourishing; those household words, beef and mutton, imply a multitude of dishes that shall nobly support life, and rarely fail to please the palate. Possibly you may reply, "That's notbiug new t anybody could have told us to eat beef and mutton i »c have been eating it all our lives." True, jou have done so, but as un conscious of it* merits as te bourgeois gentU* homme was of his conversation being prose " Five la prose ! il y a quaranU an* que je parle la prose." It may be that you hare been eating beef for forty years, fad yet you may be even now profoundly ignorant of its full merits and capabilities. You bare not always eaten it with judgment; you have eaten it tough, perhaps, or with the juioes of the meat ex* traded, or with greasy accessories that do not harmonise with* either the meat itself or the consumer thereof. Perhaps you have, with un flinching fidelity, stuck to the same joints, scorning any change to interest the stomach or stimulate the appetite | so that familiarity with these household words has bred contempt. Study variety, or let your cook do so, if she has brains (I do not write for those who keep a male chef de cuisine) ; if your cook lacks intel ligence, let your wife come to the rescue; for, in common courtesy we will admit that she, at any rate, is gifted with theso organs of thought. There v a general idea prevalent that all beef is pretty much of a muchness, more often tough than tender, instilling us with the belief that • bullock is an animal possessed of ribs which admit of mysterious rolling, and of a part which is liberal enough to supply us with steaks for the usual accessories of onions or oysters. But remember, il y a de* pommes et de* pommes, there are bullocks and bullocks, beef and beef, of varying qualities.— Food Journal. The Old Woman nr thb WofiKSOuai. —It was while walking down a dismal ward—the ward appropriated to bedriddoa inmates—that our attention was arrested by a very old woman, lying flat on her back, and looking drearily round the room and up to the whitewashed ceiling with a pair of fine melancholy blue eyes, those eyes which yet preserve their youth when the other features are withered up with time. On being asked if she would not like to read | "Yes ma'am," she said, "if I had any spectacles." So for want of spectacles this old woman was allowed to lie doing absolutely nothing from month to month. We sat down and began to talk to her. She had been a ' household servant in LadyBBee family • had married, and had lived till lately with an old husband, long paralytic. Then he died. We asked her how they got on in their age and weakness. " I kep htm," says the old woman j her blue eyes flashed with a fierce, wifely fire, as though she said, "do you suppose I would let him come here ?" Then we heard a long story told with minute garrulity • how the old husband died, and she went on living by herself in her little room, doing such small chars as might keep her few wants supplied} till one evening, after tea, she mounted on a ohair, and tried to lift the tray covered with tea things on an upper shelf, and overbalancing, fell, ohair, tray, and frail old human body; and they brought her to the workhouse with a broken bone, and at seventy-seven she would never rise again. Already she had been there eighteen months, gazing up at the workhouse ceiling, without spectacles and without books—this respectable household servant of Lady Be. We asked if she would like something to read. "Oh!" said the old woman eagerly. "And what books?" "I was a Catholic" said the old woman, with a contrite pathos quite inde scribable. The next day she had a pair of strong spectacles, and a volume of Father Faber's hymns, and the expression in those old blue eyes will never be forgotten to the giver's dying day. Since then the workhouse cripple has gone to her tttt.—Englishwoman's Journal. Pbbkatubi Adtkotssmbhtb. —One is get ting used to the piling up of names in matrimo nial advertisements. When Mr Brown has the felicity of marrying Miss Jones, the announce ment of the fact is pretty certain to include the names of father, grandfather, and any titled rela tives of the bridegroom and the bride, and those of all the clergymen officiant or assistant, with all such other details of pedigree or sta tion as may be deemed attractive to the public eye. Of late this custom has extended, in some cases we hare noticed, from the marriages to the births, and there have been protruded an nouncements such as this: —" On the 11th in stant, at Amelia Augusta, wife of Timothy Twaddle, Esq., /.P., F.UJZ 8., &0., to., of a son [Augustus Timothy]." Now, Mrs. Chrundy, please ma'am, what imports the nomination of this infant? Clearly the little bantling was not born ready- christened; and viewing the celerity with which his birth has been announced, it is hardly likely that he has been yet presented at the font. I'he proclamation of tne Christian names which are to be applied to him must be therefore premature, and of nominal impor tance. Friends at a distance, who might be ex pected to accept the intimation, and to express congratulation, or, if cynical, condolence, could hardly be expected to recite the welcome little stranger's names in their letters to his parents, and say they hoped to hear that Master Timothy Augustus was in tolerable health. For months that little gentleman will be called baby by his nurse, and probably addressed by his Mamma as a " pooty dueksy wucksy," or a " tiddy iokle sing |" and we certainly opinothM it if some what prtmsiure to print bis mott diatinetire »p« pallataons in th« Mwqppor., 