LEGTOBE ON EDUCATION. IN accordance with previous announcement, a lectura on education was delivered last evouiug hythe Uer. James Carson in the School of Arts. Notwithstanding the admission charge of ono shilling, tho hall was well filled. Shortly after tho advertised hour the chair was taken hy Captain Hunter, who in a few brief and appropriate words introduced tho lecturer. Thc Kev. .TAMES CAUSON then, amidst loud cheers, came forward, and said if it were asked why on this occasion he hod undertaken to give a lecture on education, he need only say that he felt tho eubjoct was tho great question of the day, ami a question of vital importance alike to thc individual and to thc State. He would put this question before all others now occupying tho attention of the couutry. Thc education now being given was ; forming thc character of the people ; and ¡ . upon thc prescut action in thia matter very | much of thc future character of thc couutry depended: He had never before taken an activo part in politics, and had never in this country had reason to do so, because there bad never before boen a prin- cipal involved which called for any action on his part. But iu the proposed legislation on Education there was a principle involved of tile greatest importance, and bo therefore now felt it his duty to bring any mil uenoo he might have to bear on thc subject, before it was docisivcly dealt with by thc Legislature lt was thc political aspect of tho question that he desired to cuter upon at this time, and in doing so, he would ask thc patience of thc audience whilst he went down to fundamental principles, as he thought he would by that means be able to build up a superstructure of vital importance in thc consideration of this subject. Then thc first point to decide was. What was education Î Many people thought it consisted in learning to read and write ; but it was far more than that-it was development. The germ or seed of a plaut, by drinking in the gases of earth and air, developed into a tree, and with man there was a Bimilar process of assimilation and development. Man was an animal-an intellectual animal, and an animal possessing moral faculties. Thorc was therefore thc developmcut of thc intellectual faculties, and the development of thc moral instincts. If thc education of a human being was any- thing, it would bring forth what was in hun. Who, then, was to undcrtako this work of education. Some people said the parent should do it, others said thc church, and others again said that tho State should undertake it. He would say it was emphati- cally thc duty of thc State. Thc parent did not, and sometimes could not, educate his children, and it was much the same with thc church. In this country especially the church has been unable adequately to meet thc more dire;t claims arising out of thc religious wants of thc people, and if tho special work of édu- cation were left in thc hands of thc church it would bo badly done ; thc education imparted would be bigoted, narrow-minded, and sec- tarian. He regretted, as a clergyman himself, that he had to say so, but it was true, and must bc 'said. He did not refer to one religious organisation alono, for thc same thiug applied more or less to all denomina- tions. (Cheers. ) Religious teachers had got their minds into a groove, and it was difficult for them to get out of it. AB the work could not be efficiently performed by parents, or by the church, thc htatc must take upon itself tho education of thc people. Thc State, as he understood it, was a joint Btock co-operative company for mutual protection and mutual profit. Every oneunitcd to everyone for mutual protection from inside and outside enemies, and for the promotion of thc public good. He that did the State good, did good to himself, and he that did good to himself did good to thc State. What was for thc benefit af one was for thc benefit of nil. He would now pro- ceed to show that thc State had a right to educate for thc State protection and profit. And he would now deal with that doctrine so nauseous to some people-of compulsion. If thc State had a right to interfere at all, it had a right to resort to force. It had no right to meddle with tho religious beliefs of the people, for that was a matter between the conscience and God. (Cheers.) Tho State had no right to compel, if it had no right to interfere. There was nothing the State had to do that it did not enforce by compulsion. If it established ad valorem duties, it enforced thc payment of those duties, and the same rule applied to tho functions of the State generally. He therefore hold that it was a fundamental principle that the State could compel education, as it had a right to compel what was for tho public good (Cheers.) The suppression of crime, and legislation for the public weal were ' duties devolving upon the State. If thc State had a right to punish crime, it had a right to interfere ia matters that affected thc capital or profits of the people. Population was thc host capital a country had -not a pauper population. Every man who did a day's work was capital to the country, as was also any man who did anything of any worth. An ignorant mau was of little.worth, but by educating tho people you increased their worth to thc State. Education stimulates to exertion and increases production. (Cheers.) He had just heard it said that if you educate all the people, you would have no working mon. (Laughter. ) He called that bosh. He was himself a working mani sud any man that did not work was a more drone, and the sooner he was got rid of thc better. Educated people were always industrious. Education not only incites to exertion, butccoinoniiscslabour. Take mining, as au illustration- and he was sorry to say there was very little mining education. If more knowladgc of geology and mineralogy were disseminated amongst the .people, they would better know how to develops mineral wealth. If the people knew more of the nature of soils, and thc forces affecting climates, they would know botter bow to apply their labour to make tho land productive. So with manufac- tories-with more education there would bc more machinery and increased production. So with mercantile and other pursuits. If education tended to check crimcj make labour more productive, aud advance the general good, the State had a right to educate. (Cheers.) It would bo comparatively of little nso for one man to bc educated, if those around him were left ignorant. Wc were coming to manhood suffrage. If proper care were not taken to oduoatc tho people, the ignorant portion of tho community would bear sway, prevent intelligent legisla- tion, and obstruct thc progress of thc country. (Loud Cheers.) He would now consider what thc State had to do, and how it was to do it. There were those who demanded that they should bc allowed to bring up their children as they thought proper, and that each denoini natisu should educate their children according to their own mind. But this thc State could not do. Thc rev. lecturer then referred to thc model schools at home, which were conducted on the National system. In these schools cer- tain hours were set apart for secular instruc- tion, and certain hours in which ministers of religion could visit nud impart religious instruc- tion. He had experience of this system where he last resided. He used to visit the model school once a-wcek and give religious instruc- tion, and afterwards direct the teacher what religious instruction he should five them during thc week. He id not give instruction in thc National Schools here, although it was open to him to do so. He thought religion should bc offered to children as a privilege, and not forced upon them as a penance, which caused chil- dren to hate religion and to grow np infidels. (Cheers. ) Every clergyman had a right to go to thc National Schools here on one day in each week, but he (Mr. Carson) would not do so. He thought that after the little minds of i thc childreu had -been on the stretch from ' half-past nine nntil four they required relaxa tion, and to teach them religion after thc ordinary school hours would be making it a punishment. (Cheers.) That was ono plan. Another plan was that of tho denomi- national or non-vested schools. (The Icc' i turor herc described the basis on which the nou-vestod schools were established). That, he thought, was the greatest mistake over attempted, lt taught the children to hate ono another, and that all who were not of their own denomination were heretics. (The lecturer then referred to a parliamentary debato, in which Mr. Charles Clark, the member for Warwick, told the House of a case in which tho children attending a non-vested school had taunted those who attended the National school, with being heretics). Tho State should not encourage a system of educa- tion bearing that tendency, but should educate tho children to love ono another, and not teach one child to look down upon another. All the children educated by tho State should be placed upon the same level, and if thc State encouraged sectarian teaching in its schools it would cut its own throat. (Cheers.) Another plan was to grant a certain sum to tho head of every church, for educational purposes. On this subject he would read from a published lecture delivered by a minister of his own church, the Bev. Colin M'Cttlloeh, of Bris- bane. He might herc observe that what he would read was thc only good tiling in the pam {inlet, which he hoped to tear to ribbons before ie sat down. (Laughter.) Mr. M'Culloch said: " Think of thc State dignitaries assembled in their Council Chamber, full of lofty purpose as to what they shall do far the peoplo with ! thiB £60,000 voted for education. They do not grudge the amount ; thc cause is a glorious one ; it is popular ; and visions flit before their eyes of schools and colleges, and of a noble people, educated, intelligent, industrious, well-behaved, and happy. But hark ! They arc interrupted by a loud knocking at the door, and then in walks Bishop Tufncll up to thc table and says to them, 'Gentlemen, a third of this .money is mine ;' and sweeping £20,000 into his strong box, bc retires with a benignant smile, leaving the State function- aries gazing at each other in a very wooden position indeed. Still there are £40,000 left them, and os they consider the amount of public good they can accomplish by their dJminishcd means, they begin to recover breath and resume business. But they all turu- pale as ghosts at hearing a tremendous knocking at thc door, and fierce voices crying ' By St. Patrick, they had better do us justice and give us whatever we may ask, or -" Here the door opens, and in walks Bishop Quinn, soft and gentle as summer, and by his courtesy restores the trembling function- aries to their equanimity ; claims a fourth of the £60,000 ; but, Won by the Bishop's mild- ness and bonhommie, they concode the £15,000 at once, politely accompany him to tho door, and part with much bowing and many ex-, pressions of mutual goodwill. But on returning to their scats, and eyeing the diminished heap askance, they become irritable and dangerous. At this moment a quiet and somewhat hesitating knock is heard at thc door, and as it opens, a minister in Geneva gown and bandB puts his head in and asks, 'May I como in!' 'Who arc you?' thunders tho president. 'I am thq Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland.' 'What do you want ?'. ' Well, as the representative of that church, I demand our fair share of the education grant, £7549 Ila. 4|d.' ThiB was met by thc president hurling au iuk bottle at our Moderator's head ; while loud crios of ' put him out ' resounded from the rest in all parts of the chamber.' But this obvious chango of policy-this gross transition from foolish generosity to monstrous injustice, roused a tremendous spirit of indignation. Thc room fills up with Independents, Baptists, Lutherans, and a multitude more, exclaiming, ' That is our money !' They all make a rush at thc hoard, upsetting tho chairs, and throwing down the table ; and lo ! and behold ! thc sovereigns roll in all directions, and are picked up by the strangest medley of suitors-Parthians, and Medes, and Ehvmites, strangers of Borne, Jews and Proselytes, Crates and Arabians." That, he repeated, "Vas the only good thing in the lecture. He contended that if thc State educated at all, there must bc no inter- ference with the schools except by servants of the State. Such grants to the heads of denominations would be the means of foment- ing jealousies among the children, and would rear them up mutual enemies, iuBtoad of teaching them to work together for thc common good. He (the lecturer) believed thc non-vested schools were doomed. Mr. M'Culloch endeavoured to prove that National education must bo religious-that the Biblo must bc in every school, and wiMi the Lord's Prayer Bhould bc read daily. He (the lecturer) loved the Bible as much as any man, but the question was, Were wc to have National educa- tion or not? If all were agreed upon religious qucBtiouB wc might teach religion in our schools. But we were not, and tho National education we want is Buch as can be forced upon the people. Thc State bod no right to interfere with anyone's religious opinions. (Cheers). If the Bible was read in tho National schools, thc Catholic party could not be denied grants in aid of their Bchools. He (thc lecturer) would help even the Beman Catholics in their demand in such case, for it would bocomc their just right. (Cheers). For hiB part he felt it necessary to forego the privilege of teaching religion in thc schools, to prevent evil to thc State at large. The State most give secular education to all, and leave to parents and churches the duty of imparting religion. But religion was not really taught in tho schools ; it was taught at home, by making beautiful the characters uudcr thc instruction of godly parents, and thc teachers of tho Sunday school. (Cheers.) Tho question then was, What kind of educa cation should thc State teach, and how much ? The education imparted should be of a kind to develops thc capabilities of the num. Thc education given by tho clergy was necessarily one-sided. Any mon, or set of men, who made a particular subject their sole study, were apt ta be narrow-minded. Such mon os Huxley and Darwin, for example, were very clever in their awn special brauch of seience, but if they Btcpped out of their study they displayed themselves os fools. Education shouldbebroad, wide, and fundamental. He was not going to contend that a man could only suc- ceed in one sphere, as was held by some persons. Go to a statiou, and you would bear of nothing but sheep and bullocks ; to a goldfield anil you would hear of nothing but thc last crushing ; to the sugar plantation, and you hoard of nothing but thc produce of sugar to thc acre. The tradesman had not an idea beyond bis ordinary sphere of thought. State education should, he contended, be wide, brood, and ex- tensive, and instruction might be imparted in special doparlutoukb afterwards. It was urged that the education he desired muBt necessary bc superficial, and that the pupil would know nothing thoroughly. But there was a differ- ence between details and principles. He would have instruction imparted in a philau wru|jw B¿i*rib. Alley WUUIU bUUH D1ÄKC men, aud afterwards train them, if desired, in special subjects. Otherwise tbey would not make men, but mere machines. (Cheers.) (The lecturer then proceeded to Bhow what civilisation was, by showing what it was not. He then referred to the Prussian system, which had been so much lauded. Thc German syBteni divided education into what for convenience bc might term literary and scientific branches ; but what he dis- approved of was that they were kept asunder, aud that a student who went into ouc department could not go into the other. By keeping the two asunder they made first-rate machines, but did not make men. National education should be a complete unity. (Cheers.) lu i Queensland at present this was not the case. In thc grammar schools we found boys who ought to bc in thc sequel class, while in thc primary schools were boys who would bc a credit to any grammar school, but who were kept out by thc fees. Thus the two kinds of schools clashed. It was our duty to make thc most of thc capital of thc country-and he considered that the thousands of children born here were so much fresh capital. The object should therefore be to develope the minds and thc bodies of our children ; their physical cducatiou should not bo neglected ; m every school there should be a gym- nasium, a cricket and football ground. Education should be free throughout, sad so conducted as to bring out all the capabilities of thc children. It will pay the state to develop» by every means in its power thc talents of thc people. Unless education were free throughout, wealth and influence would get thc prizes, brains would bo kept down, and manhood would be crushed. (Loud cheers.) Kc would have colleges established, and by-and-byc a university, so that students might take degress, and thus go fortified' to any other country. The university should not ouly give degrees, but also liavc charge of thc whole education of thc country, and should bc responsible to thc public for the books used in the schools. Those in usc at present were very proper for Ireland, but wcro not fit for Queensland. (Loud cheers.) Education should bc free so that capacity and industry would enable thc student to rise to thc highest pinnacle in the State. (Cheers.) Wo should then soon have thc light men in the right places, and not be infested with mero loafers, good for nothing but eatiug the fat of the laud, while men of talent were living on the hnaks. (Cheers.) After further remarks tho lecturer Erocoeded' to comment on thc two education ilU lately before thc couutry. Thc first was well conceived, and whoever was the author of it deserved the gratitude of the country, whatever Iiis opinion in other respects. His name would bc on the lips of all colonists as a household word, for there uevcr was such a bill prepared in any country before. (Loud cheers.) Yet the bill was loosely put together, and there were many things in it that would bear improvement. The lecturer thou read clause 8, and said ho ob- jected to the part which provided for religious instruction, because he did not understand it. He next read clause 20, which contains thc standard of instruction, and expressed some doubt as to tho mode in which scientific in- struction was proposed to be conveyed. He held that these' studies should be directed mainly to developing the child's mind, He objected to clause 29, which provided for only a half-year's instruction to children engaged in agricultural or industrial pursuits, as it would allow thc child to be taken away from school just at the time best fitted for itt education. With regard to clause 41, pro viding for itinerating teachers, he though! thc plan was surrounded by great difti culties, and he Ead never been abb t6 see how it could bo carriec out ; but he would be glad to sec soini such plan provided for meeting thc wants o tho tiush. The lecturer next referred to Mr Palmer's bill. He objected to thc 10th clause which provided for fees at thc gramma schools. He held it should bo the abject of th State to give, free, the student all the cducatioi ho was capable of receiving. Thc 22nd am 23rd clauses, providing for scholarships ani university endowments, could bc casi! modified aüd incorporated with Mr. Lilley' bill. He thought that if the authors of thes two bills could bc brought together, an they could decide upon a joint bil a good measure would bc passed ; bu if they acted separately, ond wei actuated by feolings of jealousy, bot measures would bc thrown, out. (Cheers There was ono clause in which both bills wei happily agreed-that was to put an end to tl nou-vosted schools. (Loud cheers.) Tl revcrcud lecturer concluded with au eloquei and impressive peroration, aud resumed h scat amidst enthusiastic and prolopgo demonstrations of applause. Thc Rev. J. W. HENRY, in a short bi pointed" speech, which we regret being unab to reproduce, proposed a vote of thanks to tl lecturer amidst great cheering, reinarkii that although everyone might not agree wit his remarks, they could not but have bei much gratified at the interesting lecture thi had just heard. The motion having bei duly seconded and carried by acclamation, The CHAIRMAN com'eyod to tho rev. lc turer the thanks of the meeting in snitab terms. The Rev. Mr. CARSON returned, thanks, ai impressed upon thc audience the fact tb whether they would have free and comple education established or not depended mu upon themselves. A hearty vote of thanks was theu given thc Chairman, who in returning thanks spo in high terms of the lecturer, and ox-press the pleasure, he had experienced in presiding The proceedings closed, amidst loud cheei at a quarter to 10 o'clock. 