' PROrTERS AND DIenEOone. - The Eco nomist of December 21st calls attention to a case recently before the English law-courts. If reports are true, the practiceof qualifying directors simply to get the use of their names in floating public companies has also obtained a footing in Australia, and it is as well that it should be known that such a practice is illegal. During the progress of the trial referrod to, Baron Martin,' the pre Aiding judge, asked :-Am I to understand that none of the directors of this company paid for their own shares? Mr. Hayes: A few did, my Lord.-Baron Martin: But the great bulk of them did not ? Mr. Hayes The great bulk did not, my Lord,-Baros Martin: Then all that I can say is that thejy ought all to be indicted ? In summing up his IIonor told the jury that if the direotors had induced the public " to believe that they had invested their capital in the concern, whereas in truth they run no risk whatever in respect to it, such conduct was contrary to law and morality." LIVELY POOBEEDINO. IN TII TOWN OOUNOIL o' DnniYroN.-On the 12th Febru nry, a soone occurred at a' meeting of the Drayton town council, consequent on a per son named Rub insisting on his right to sit as a member. Tile matter was referred to the police court, and two cross-oases were the result. ' The evidence of the plaintiff, Rub, who was assaulted by, a person named Henry, was to the following effeot:--" I am a carpenter, residing in Drayton; Iknow the defendant; on Wednesday, the 12thin stant, shortly after four p.m., the town hall was open for the election' of mayor ; I entered, and went to the table with defend ant and others; I tried to take a seat; when I took hold of a chair, Mr.' Henry caught hold of me, by the nooeck, struck me with his fist in the face, and knooked me: down; Mr. Handoook then joined defendant; they caught me by the hair, hit me in the face, knocked me and dragged me about the floor; my face and hands were bleeding;, this went on for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour ; they then throw me out of the town hall;i I entered the town 'hall in about a minute afterwards, and took my seat at the table;. I proposed a mayor, when defendant got off his chair, came up to me and struck me two blows in the face, and knooked me down; my face and hands were covered with blood." One of the witnesses also de scribed the proooedings in regard to the eleotion of mayor; he said Mr. Handoook was sitting in the chair, and the rest of the aldermen wore sitting round the table; Mr. Rub took a seat at Mr. Handcoook' loft hand; they then proceeded to business; Mr. Rub rose and proposed Mr. F. Houston; Hoery then rose, wont round the table to whore Rub was, and lnookod him down; I don't know how (defendant suggested it was by a puff of wind); there was an altor cation, and Rub said I will make you pay for this; there was blood upon Rub's hands and face when he was ejected from the door way. The defendant pleaded that as Rub was trespassing he was justified in assault ing him. 'The police-magistrate, however, thought otheorwise, and Henry was fined os., or the alternative of seven days in gaol. Handoook was next proceeded against, but the oeas was dismissed. Rub thenou beooame defendant; the case was postponed. A SEscTOs. AND A GENTLEMAN.--It might be gonorally supposed that a man who has roaihod to the position of a legislator is a gentloman, or, at least, dos his best to makeo peoplo beliovo no; this is not always the case. It frequently happona that publio speakors find fault with the roports of their utterances, and many do sn in torms of vulgarity unworthy of men 'in honourablo positions, and positively orucl to tihe foolingn of reporters. oThe Right HIeon. W. E. Glad stone had oacasion to correoot thl report of a passago in one of his upooohios --and how did iho do it? Not by voiding a torrent of abusive opithets afnd low innuondos on the luckloess had of the reporter, but by takinog the blamo on himself in tlin quiet and thoughtful way:-"In your interesting article of to- day on the study of Homern , you havo quoted from a report of some remarks made by me at the mooting on Tuonday last of the Society of Biblical Arochrology the words-' Every day mrut bogin for me with my old friend Homer.' I wish to say tihat the reporter has boon led, probably by come careless or indistinct oxpression of mine, into an error." Hero is the coneidoration of the scholar and the gentleman for his brothe? of the press-an acknowledgment of the arduous duties of the latter, while at the same time the error being probably that of the reporter, is most delicately corrected. . Ta Ada of MArN.-Faraday adopts Flourin's physiological theory that tihe ago of man is one hundred years. The duration of lifo he believes to be measured by the time of growth. When once the bones and opiphses are united, the body grows no more, and it Is at twenty years this union is effeotod in: man.. The natural termination of life is five removes from the several points. Man, being twenty years in growing, lives five times twenty years, that is to say, one hundred years; the camel is eight years in growing, and lives five times eight years, that is to say forty years ; the horse is five years in growing and lives twenty-five years; and so with other animals. The man who does not die of sickness lives anywhere from eighty to one hundred years. Providence has given man a century of life; but he does not attain it, because he inherits disease, eats unwholesome food, gives license to his passions, and permits vexation to disturb his healthy equipoise. He does not die. he kills himself. The professor divides life into equal halves-growth and decline-and these halves into infancy, youth, virility, and age. Infancy extends to the twentieth year; youth to the fiftieth, because it is during this time that the tissues become firm; virility from fifty to seventy five, during which the organism remains complete; and at seventy-five years, old age commences. INDooR SA?ETY IN A THUNmDERTORMI.--In tropical climates, such as our own, as we are' subject to heavy thunderstorms, it may be useful so know the safest positions that people can occupy during the raging of a thunderstorm. The hints have emanated from Mr. Latimer Clarke, one of the first electricianes in Europe :-" A person reclin ing on a sofa or bed at a distance from all the walls of the room could scarcely suffer injury, oven in a house struck by lightning; but most absolute soourity is obtained by lying on an iron or brass bedstead of the form known as the Arabian bedstead, in which the head is surmounted by an iron erection supporting the curtains.' A person lying or sleeping on such a bedstead could not possibly receive any direct injury, even if the house were demolished, as his bedstead forms the most complete lightning protector which could well be devised. A wooden bedstead placed against the wall does not afford any special security. It may further console some to know that after seeing the flash the danger is past, the crash of the thunder, however terrific it may appear, being perfectly harmless. SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A CABMAN At the Kew court the other day, a cabman named Aaron Douglas was brought before the bench on two charges, one of having in decently assaulted a girl named Harriet King, and another of robbing the same girl of a watch and broooch and some other articles. The prosecutrix stated that on the evening of the 26th ult. she, in company with her sister and a young man named Fitzjames, walked from Melbourne to Rich mond on their way home to Kew. On ar riving at Richmond the sister had a fainting fit, and was taken into the Napier hotel, where proseoutrix had a glass of brandy. The prisoner was then engaged to drive the two girls home, and on the road, after trying to kiss her, he proposed to take prosecutrix back to Melbourne with him. She refused to go, however, and told Douglas she had to be home at nine o'clock. Witness alleged that prisoner said, " never mind — you can stay all night with me." Prosecutrix still refused, and nothing more occurred until the Hawthorn side of the river was reached, when the alleged assault was committed. They then drove on and stopped at Murchin ton's hotel, where the prisoner gave witness some port wine and brandy mixed, which she drank. The prisoner kept her waiting so long drinking inside that witness drove off in his cab, and left her sister, who was still unwell, at home, and on driving back she met the prisoner in another cab. Prisoner asked her why she drove off, and she replied that he should not have kept her waiting so long. Douglas then got into his own cab, and drove off with witness, who felt the motion of the cab for a short time, became insensible, and remembered nothing more until she found herself looked up in the Kew watohhouso, charged with being drunk. Before leaving Melbourne the proseoutrix had had a glass of brandy. At this stage, the bench considering there was no case, dis missed the first charge. The case of the robbery was then gone into. Senior-con stable McGrath stated that, when in the lock-up, the girl Harriet King reported the loss of a watch, chain, brooch, and some other articles. On arresting the prisoner witness askeod him to hand over the things he had stolen. Douglas denied stealing them, and placed his hand on his pocket, and gave them up with the exception of the brooch, saying that he found them in the cab. Pri soner's wife gave the constable the brooch. Prisoner made no attempt at concealment, and said he had only just got out of bed. Mr. Gillott, for the defeneoo, submitted that the charge was not substautiated, as it was evident that the property had boon found by Douglas in his cab, and that they would have boon returned in duoe time. The bench con sidered there were some doubts as to the prisoner's guilt, so they gave him the benefit of it, and discharged him. — Melbourne Daily Telegraph. TurE DELAWARE Honnon.--Tho murder and shocking mutilation of a negro, by a Professor West, of Dover, Dol., and the unusual charaotor of the attempts to conceal the orimo, has oooosioned oonsidorablo oex oitomont throoughout the state. Mr. West was formerly a professor of a sohool at Dover, and is a person of considorablosoion tifio attainments. For over a year past ibo had boon oxporimonting with a now and po culiar rkind of gao, the proporties of whioh are not iknown to anybody but the manufao teuror. About thoe time he began his oexperi monts he had hlis life insoured for 25,000 dol. Io conusood one report to be spread tlhat one peooculiar property of the gas was the romo val of the skipn from the body, and to pro vent all possiblo idontification, or even to aceortain the comploxion. On Thursday morning there was a terrible explosion in the professor'claboratory. Aman, supposod to be the professor, was found on the floor. His hoad, foot, and hando, wore miossing, andl the skin had entirely disappoanred. The explosion had sot the building on firo, bat it was saved from destruction. Shrods of clothing wore found on the disfigured body, lwhichl wore identiGoedl by the profibsor's wife no belonging to lir husband. Theorosoemod to be no doubt that the professor lhad boon oxporimonting with his gas when the explo sion ocourrod, and that hle lhad lost hlis lifo. A strict osarch of the building resulted in the discovery of a quantity of powder un dorneath the floor whore the body was found, onough to have blown the body to atoms if the flames hnd roached it. A further oexam ination indicated thae the head, foot, and hands of the corpse had boon out off and not blown from the body, and that the skin load been pooled from every portion of It.' Some days before this the :professor had hired a coloured man as a ~servant. The man was missing, and people began to sue pect that he had murdered his master, mu tilated his body, placed it upon the floor of the laboratory, and caused the explosion. The story of the conductor of the train, which left on that morning at four o'ocloolr, to the effect that a man had got on- board there, carrying alarge bundle, but so muffled up as to be unrecognisable, and behaving in a peculiar manner, together with the ,faot that the professor's wife, when told of the disaster to her husband, received the intelli gence without any sign of deep emotion, caused some surprise. When it was known that his life was insured for 25,000 dol., suspicion was aroused, and the authorities went to work. The professor was caught in Maryland and brought back .to Dover.: "It was discovered that the coloured man 'had not killed him, but that he had killed the coloured man. He admitted the murder, but said;that it was committed in self-de fence; that Gooch Turner '(the man mur dered).had obtained a glimpseof his'pocket. book as he was paying him for some: work done, whereupon he (Turner) picked up' a hammer and demanded the money or his life. Turner then, he says, advanced /upon him with the hammer uplifted, when;-he picked up a bar of iron, one or two feot 'in length, and struck him on the back of the neook, killing him instantly. This was done on Monday. The commission of the mur der stupefied him with horror, and 'his next thought was the disposition of the body. He began to remove the body piecemeal, cutting off the hands, head, and foot, with the 'in tention of burying.them, but the groimnd was frozen so hard that this was found to be an impossibility, and so he resolved upon the plan to burn thebuilding and the body'with it, he in the meantime disappearing, in :the hope that the charred remains would be taken for his own, and the whole affair would be attributed to an explosion of the gas which he was experimenting with. Timr PEoKrrInAr GHOST OAraTUn:--For some weeks past the inhabitants of Peckham and neighbourhood have been annoyed, and many persons alarmed, by the pranks played by an individual who has earned the name of the Peokham Ghost. In the lonely streets numbers of persons have been startled by. the appearance of a figure clothed in white suddenly confronting them in some lonely spot, and children and women particularly have been greatly alarmed,. For ·weeks the police have been endeavouring.to eatch this ghost, but without effect, untilNovemberi29, when the prisoner was captured..?When brought before the magistrate, Inspector Gedge deposed that several complaints had been lodged at the station of persons being alarmed by the ghost. :After the prisoner was captured it'was ascertained that a'person carrying a half gallon of beer in a atone bottle waspassing .along when a man suddenly confronted hin, and ihrowing up his arms and uttering some dismal cries, so alarmed him that he dropped the vessel containing the beer, and ran off in the utmost 'dismay. Several other persons had been frightened' by the proceedings of the ghost, and women and children in many instances were afraidi' o bo'ine out after dark. Matilda Ayres, it'gidl"'hbout thirteen years of ago, said' she wae 'in' the Sumner-road, when she saw a man, whbin she afterwards identified as the prisoner. He suddenly confronted her,' threw up his arms, uttered some .etrange sounds, and greatly alarmed .her. She ran' home, and shortly afterwards heard that the ghost was captured. She had before seen him, and he then alarmeds her. After the alarm was given that the. Peckham ghost was in the neighbourhood of Sumnor-road, a large number of persons. turned out for the purpose of capturing hinms. and ultimately he was followed and run down to a house where he had taken refuge. Upon him was found a quantity of peas, which he was said to use in throwing at the windows, of houses and greatly alarming the inmates late at night. 'The prisoner denied the charge and said, "I am as innocent as a now-born baby." The prisoner, who said he had " no home," was remanded. ExPLosroN IN SonLo.,-A serious explosion took place on Wednesday evening on the proemises of Mr. Iudrum, oil and colourman, Little Pultenoy-stroot, Soho, by which a young man was seriously burnt about the face and arms. Another young man, in en foavouring to escape, jumped from the first floor window, and was severely shaken. It was stated that the explosion was caused by one of the young men passing a barrel con taining naptha with an exposed light in his hand.-Weekly Dispatch. 