THE BIDDLER'S NEW VOCABULARY. New definitions of words published June 21, furnished by Carnac, Zero, DLVImen, Unohoo, and Iveach. , BACON.—The ghost of Banquo phoneti. cised, metamorphosed, and antgraounatisefd. A thing which people like to save and cure. The new Glenelg gee-hog-raphy to the briny. ABay-con-side-aration and "no gammon." A perfect cure. The apotheosis of a pig. ; BAR.—The bark of a dog without its (tie bark's) tail. Sinister—a bar in a Bank ledger that a crowbar can't move. Dexter —a dexterous de-fenoe by a bar-ister at tbe bar. A bar-gain gained again. The fountain of colonial swipes. Not a bar on the road to ruin. Half a bar-ber. The third part of a barbarian. BEAST. — A Darwinian monster of the Taboo race, the race being between two logs and four. A dastardly, degenerated, debased, deteriorated, degraded, detestable, dilapidated, dingy, dirty, disgusting, disorderly, dismal, drowsy, drivelling drunkard. BEGGAR.—A loser (S.A.) asking for notes out of a winner's (Vic.) book (£15,000). One who solicits=a solicitor=a suitor who don't suit her. A canting mendicant who can't be mended. flP^I BENEVOLENCE.—Goodwill—ue. t a goodwill made bv a maiden aunt on a good Fri-day; ther. 102° in the shade. " Robbing Peterto pay PauL" Imp-lowering your mends to help those whom you have imp-overished.; BIGOTRY.—A big-hot-riser on New Year's Day. The creed of a man .who believes in his own infallibility. A universal virtue which none confess. > BLUSH.—An obsolete term in these days of paint. Lush with its head on (B). A tinted countenance, red-ily seen. A rare phenomenon, prpduced by love's. first kiss imder the roaey hue (yon). Stock in which N. T. Mining Company Promoters don't deal.' BRASS.—That in which they do de'iL Tbe outer casing of a sharebroker's oountenanoe. The stepping stone to popularity when allied to " tin. A base metal said to be changed to gold on 'Change. Seen on door-knockers, ornamented with a cheeky face. ! Definitions of the following words are solicited:—Candid, Conjurer, Corporation, Cradle, Critic, Cupid, Cunosity. . | 