COTTAGE HOMES FOR THE AC&5D ' A^D INFIRM POOR. The foundation-stone of this institution, to bebnilt in Lower North Adelaide, was laid on ': Monday afternoon, October 27, by Mrs. Mua- grave, in the presence of a large and re* ' presentative eonooutae of spectators, includ ing ministers of various denominations and many of the eliti of Adelaide. Mrs. Musgrave was accompanied by His Excellency the Go vernor, Who was attended by bis Aide-de-Camp ?Mr. Newdigate Newbury. An acre of land has nw oecureu, ana on sou 11 is proposea to putla tworows of cottages, facing Kingston-terrace and - Stanlev'Street. One low will consiBtof two blocks containing five cottages eaoh, and the other of ten cottages, and a centre two-storey building, the l&tter; to be occupied by a person exercising supervision over the whole of the cottages. Up to the plinth the buildings are to be of Glen Osmond stone, above that of limestone with - brick dressings. There are to be moulded brick ltbela over the doors and. windows, and the gables are to be finished with splayed brick copings. The estimated cost of the whole is between £7,000 and £8,000, but at present it is only proposed to build two cottages facing Stanley-street. The site is in every respect an m i sins rr -r-TT vuof twi'i vu tiuo vwuooivu UOUUVUvtt the Bpot where the ceremony was performed was gaily decorated with bunting. The proceedings having been begun by tho hymn, *' O praise our God to-day,' being sung. The Vcn. Abohdeacoh {Rev. C. - Marryat) - said — Christian. Friends — We are assembled together this day to lay. the foundation stone of some Cottage Homes, in which the aged and in firm poor and widows may pass the remainder of their days in peace and retirement. To-day is ;- a day of small things, but we trust that our small commencement may have a successful ending, and that the two Cottage Homes now bagun will be added to from year to year. At without Gad we can. do nothing, let us now pray that He who has declared Himself the Protector of the poor will bless our under. ' taking, for which we find7 so great en« couragement in His holy word. Job said — ' When the ear heard me, then it blessed j*nA * ?m3 whan ^Ka ova onm ma *t «»ird tstiJ-ti sissst to me; because I delivered the-poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help hiiu. The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me; and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. Z put on righteousness, and it clothed me : my judgment was as a. robe and a diadem. I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame. I was a ,. father to the poor ; and the cause wMch I knew not I searched ou V ' Blessed be the man that provideth for the jrick and needy : the Lord sh&U; deliver- -him' in, the time of trouble.? *' Whoso hath this world's good, and seeth Ma brother have need, and shutteth up his com passion from hint, how d weUafch the love of God in him.' . ? An appropriate prayer was then offered ; after which, Mrs. Musgrave having used the . trowel and handled the mallet, the stone was declared properly laid, Mrs. Musgrave s*ying— 'In the faitfr of Jesus Christ we place this : ? foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. ' Another prayer was then offered, and a cellection made,' realia* ing a considerable ram. In a cavity beneath the ' stone a bottle was placed, containing, amongst other things, oopieB of the Advertiser and ? BegiiUf, and a document, of which the follow ing is a copy :— ' The foundation-stone of these ' Cottage Homes for the aged and infirm poor and ; widows was laid by Mrs. Musgrave, on the 27th ' of October, A D. 1873, being the 37th year of the reign of . Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen .Victoria, the first year of the Go vernorship of His Excellency Anthony Bfusgrave, Esq,, U.M.U., and the situ year of. the history of the colony of South Australia. Members of the Committee — Mesdames A. Blyth, Farr, Hainrng, Hay, Hart, Matryat, ParsOns, Stuckey, J. Scott, Miss McMinnj Hon. Secretaries — Mrs. Gawler, Hon. A. Blyth, ' Mr. B. Staokey, Archdeaoon Marryat } ArcM toot— Mr. David Gatlick; Builder— Mr. Geo, Newman.' Another hymn having been sung and prayer 'again offered, the service1 was'concluded. ? ? - The Hon. A&sx.; Hat, M.L.C., addressing : Mrs. Musgrave, said he had great pleasure is thanking her, on behalf of the Committee, for laying the foundation utone. Koowing how ready Mrs. Musgrave had been to perform any ' act likely to tend to the .welfare of the oohv : nists,it was not a matter of great surprise to : find her taking part ia such a ceremony as that. Whilst the undertaking was : on a Email scale so. far — as a com- : munity they were only on a small scale ma far— he hoped that the end of what had that day been begun would be a credit to Mrs, Musgrave, and would largely conduce to tbi advantage of the aged and infirm poor. Ha had been aeked to request Mrs. Muwjrave's aopeptence of the trowel with which she had performed the ceremony, so that it might be a memento of one of the very many good offices ! which, he was sure, she would perform during ' her stay in South Australia, and he therefore ~ hoped *he would-be good enough to aocept Ae._. trowel. The. trowel, which bore an appropriate is* soription, was made of silversmith! an ebony. , handle, and was very handsome. It was from . the establishment of Mr. H. Steiner. ) His Eioellkncy said he wished he could ^ have persuaded Mrs. Musgrtve to make ao knowledgments herself for the compliment paid ~ her. He believed she could do it heiter than he - eould, for, without going to the extreme length that some champions of women's rights did, he ? believed that, as the new ideas and spirit of the times diffused themselves amongst men, they would see that woman was the more able pars of man. (Cheers.) On that occasion Mrs. Musgrave preferred that he should return thasks on her behalf, and express the pleasure . it gave her in being able to take part at the initiation' of such a worthy undertakLag. She '' wished them to feel that, whilst she resided amAfimif +r»^»»v»' a1«^ nrttB *\o»J' *\T 4*riA AAmmnnitw O)JkUVM£aVV VAAWiMf S4SQ ?? S*O £*C*4. l# ^*». WMU ^JVf fcPJKI «*MJI HJ^ . and that whilst she was at the head, she was also near the heart, joining not only in the social ; joys and pleasures, hot also in the sorrows and griefs of the people. (Cheers.) In no place where Mrs. Musgrave had lived was thtxe greater freedom from grinding poverty than, is.* South Australia. But there was that want which would be found in every hmd— the infirm $oor J^ and aged, who could not dig and to beg were ashamed, and there could be no more noble - work than to smooth the path of such down to the grave. The catholic and unsectarian na» ture of this undertaking comm«zided it -. to Mrs. Musgrave's sympathies, and enlisted her cordial co-operation. Being a native of the United States, she could appreciate a work of , thifl kind, oarried on without State aid, for in no country were benevolent institutioM ? more largely endowed as the result of private energy and contributions than in America, where the Government was scarcely ltoked to to do anything that the people could do for themselves . She thought she could see in this undertaking a tribute justly due to many of the aged and infirm poor, who were among the pioneers, and conquered for them the possession of this rich and prosperous country ; _ who en dured the hardships and privations which early settlers must do, and spent their youth id laying deep and strong the foundations of the colony they now occupied, and who were left battered and broken, far away, it might be, from those who might help them in their old age, and possibly without children or connections to render them assistance. Such as these had claims upon them wMch they could not dis* regard, and for such these asylums were in tended to be erected ; and no one who had felt the loneliness of desertion in a strange land would refuse to assut such an undertaking. These were Mrs. Musgrave's very proper senti ments, ia which he concurred, aud he begged to thank them for tho compliment paid to botix.of them, and fsr the courtesy which had been shown them. The proceedings closed with cheers for the Queen, Mre. Musgrave, and the ladies, and Bib 'i Excellency tbe Governor. Our correspondent at Wentworth Bays, writing on tbe 25th October, that the Ear log at that point is 21 feet 8 inches ebove the sum mer level, and slowly falling. 