IKELAm O'NEILL DAUNT ON HOME RULE. At the quarterly meeting of the Home TR.ule Association, held on the 28th March, 3VJ-. O'Neill Daunt delivered the following magnificent address : — Mr. Daunt said the practical work before the Irish people is to prepare for the elections. Resis tance to the Union has been an imperative duty ever since it was inflicted on us. But that duty is if possible, made more imperative by the some years pursued. If we were to judge of the intentions of the government by the result of fheir acts, we should suppose that their fixed purpose was to depopulate Ireland by enormous abstractions of Irish money, thus rendering the country too poor to support her people, and re ducing her [to a point long since desired by the .English clergyman, who wished that just enough human beings should be left in Ireland to rear beef and mutton for the English market. ?The taxation of Ireland is out of all proportion l»eyond her comparative means, and the govern ment contemplate increasing it. Were the Irish nation to submit to this ruinous extortion with out an effort to recover the command of her own purse, they would indeed be steeped in ignominy. Mr. Gladstone once said that ; lie would bid against John Martin for Irish j popular confidence ; but if Mr. Gladstone really j supposed that he could win in such a rivalry — if, an other words, he really supposed that any con- , ceivable set of concessions could ever reconcile ' 4he Irish people to the existing Union — he was I grievously mistaken. Justice to Ireland is in compatible with the Union, because the Union as in itself the greatest injustice to Ireland. Surely Mr. Gladstone cannot suppose that we lave forgotten the history of the Union ; that j liistory which is burned into our souls as with a Ijranding-iron. (Loud cheers.) He cannot sup- i ipose that we have forgotten that the destruction «f the Irish Parliament was the work of our fjitterest enemies ; the work of men who did not aacruple to plunge the nation into all the sanguin- j ary horrors of a civil war with the purpose of j destroying the inestimable privilege in which ! the very essence of our liberty consists. The i -destruction of tb e Irish Parliament was one of the most abominable and elaborate crimes ever : perpetrated. We are governed by the instru- ! mentality of a crime. (Hear, hear.) We are perpetually hearing of the changed disposition of .England, her desire to atone for the past, her anxiety to govern us justly, and so forth. Go vern us ! Why, her usurpation of the power to govern us is in itself an intolerable wrong. The only true atonement for the past, the only justice which Irishmen can accept, or can ac knowledge to be such, is the full and frank abandonment of her usurped power, sad the restoration of our indefeasible Tight to control our own domestic con cerns. (Hear, hear.) We want no English ameddling, or peddling, or tinkering. If they ask what it is that we want, we answer : 'Out, stranger ! out, intruder! you have no ijusine'S here !' (Cheering.) The speaker then proceeded to comment at great length on the legislation which had taken place to give Eng lish manufacturers an advantage over Irish, and ?Jo quote the opinions of Grattan, Flood, and others, on the iiscal injustice which attended the Union. He continued to observe that the talk about English capital coming to Ireland was the veiiest moonshine. The Union was calcula ted to throw open the Irish manufacture market to the English manufacturing capitalists. When they could pour any amount of their fabrics irora Yoi'kshire or Lancashire into Irish circula tion, what interest had they in expending their capital to establish factories in Tipperary or Oalway ? In this respect the Union operated to keep English capital out of Ireland, not to bring it into it. But English capital was aaot idle. It had its influence on Irish interests, and that influence was pernicious. The ! Unionists were never tired of telling us what a gigantic advantage it would be to Ireland to be '? incorporated with a country possessing the j largest national capital in the world. Just as j if England was going to make us a present of lier capital, or of any of it ! Any one who took the trouble to think, would see that in a rivalry between two trading nations, as between two individual traders, the advantage is all on the side of the great capitalist. (Hear and cheers.) So that what we got by Euglish capital was the underselling of the Irish manufacturer in his own market, and the consequent withdrawal to Eng- I land of some millions of pounds sterling annually. \ Mai in truth what Ireland wanted, and wants, ' is not English, but Irish capital. Capital is de- j fined to consist in savings from income, and the ttuion drains Ireland of her income to so vast an extent that the whole savings of the Irish nation are probably less than the deposits in a single back. (Hear.) I have often called public at tention to the monstrous fiscal frauds of which we are the victims. I don't now go at length into the subject ; but I will just say that on a very low estimate £380,000,000 have been taken out of Ireland since 1S00, chiefly by means of ihe Union. If we estimate the exported revenue, the absentee rents, and the loss on Irish manu facture, as conjointly amounting to £5,000,000 per annum for the seventy-two years the Union has lasted, the result will show a money drain ©f £360.000,000 during that period. (Hear, hear.) To use a phrase of Grattan's, wo have Been plundered by all the hands of all her harpies ; and, as if the past and present drains were insufficient, the English Government pvo pose to augment the basis of the income tax by a. new valuation. (Hear, hear.) There is no possible cure for this gigantic evil but Home Government. Home Government would take the robber-hand of England out of our pocket. (Applause.) Home Government would arrest the perpetual drain of Irish income. (Applause. ) ilome Government would thus create abundant J-nsh capital; and Home Government would thereby stop the flight of our people by retaining \ in Ireland an ample fund for the employment of their industry. (Applause). I would ask the whole clergy ot Ireland — Catholic, Protestant, Presbyterian— is this a Btate of things that a Christian man should regard with apathy ? With reference to the Catholic clergy, I have to say that I do so with most profound respect, that it is often supposed that their abstinence heretofore from any active co- operation with our Home Rule movement has arisen from a fear lest they might, by joining our agitation, some how embarrass Mr. Gladstone, or obstruct bis design of granting the Catholics of Ireland a good educational measure. (Hear, hear.). And here let me say that there is something inde cently arrogant and insolent in the protests of Scotchmen and Englishmen against the demands of the Catholic bishops. Whether the Irish people yare for mixed education or against it, whatever way the national desire of Irishmen tends, it is Irishmen alone who have a right to decide in such a matter. What would be thought of us if we in Ireland were to set up an outcry against an English or Scotch educational mea ? sure desired by Englishmen or Scotchmen, on the ground that we Irishmen did not like it and I would mot permit it ? Yet this species of inso ( lence is employed against Irishmen by English politicians and journalists without number. Now I return for a moment to the Catholic clergy. I beg that in what I am going to say I j may not be supposed to speak in any representa ! tiye capacity. Speaking, then, for myself, 1 ' will say that I am for interfusing religious instruction with secular from the very outset. I j hold this principle precisely because I hold that j the Christian faith is beyond all comparison the most precious gift that any human being can possess. But when we look at the existing condition of Christendom, we see at a glance j that religious education cannot be mixed. ; (Hear, hear.) Religious education must ne ' cessaiily be denominational. My own view is | this, that Trinity College should be untouched, that it should be preserved as it is — a denomina tional institution for the Episcopal Protestants of Ireland. (Hear, hear.) And when we re i member that Trinity College contains such I mea as the Rev. Mr. Galbraith, and the Rev. | Dr. Haughton, and others, whose principles are . shared by large numbers of the students, it is not too much to hope that we may yet see that noble old college a fortress of Irish Protestant i nationality, (Hear, hear, and applause.) And ; I would look with great confidence to an Irish i parliament to grant an ample endowment to a | Catholic University. I would submit most re \ spectfully to the consideration of the Catholic j prelates and priesthood, whether there is any ' rational likelihood that their most just demands can ever be obtained from an English legisla ture. The Education Bill, from which so much j was expected, is condemned by all parties in i Ireland. 1 say to the Catholic hierarchy — ' Is this the measure for which you were waiting ? Join us ; give Home Rule the vast strength of your hearty adhesion, and depend for educa ! tional justice on a parliament in College-green.' (Cheers.) I appeal on other grounds to the Ca tholic hierarchy ; and I do so with unaffected reverence. They and their predecessors have stood fast by Ireland, and Ireland has stood i fast by them, in the darkest periods of her his tory. I ask them to stand fast by Ireland now. (Hear, hear.) I implore them to consider the heavy responsibility incurred by every maa who j opposes, or who refrains from actively support ing, our Home Rule agitation. I ask them to , look at the progressive decline of the country ! under the withering influence of foreign rule. . Let them look at the latest returns of the Regis j trar- General, and they will see that in the first I seven months of 1872 the number of emigrants ! from Ireland was 54,995; and the number of I acres thrown out of cultivation was 134, 915, as compared with the previous year. The people are , flyiag from imperial j ' misgovernment — the land goes out of cultiva j tion. The Irish priests do not, cannot desire j j that the robbery of Lveland should be perpetual i ? and that the Irish Exodus should go oil till it i ^finally exhausts the bone and sinew of our na- j tion. They cannot desire to be accomplices in | [ the hideous work of national plunder and na ' tional extermination. (Hear, hear.) What then, I ask them, do they wait for ? 1 humbly, but most earnestly, appeal to them to give us their active support ; their good will, I well know, that we already possess. I appeal to them iu the names of the hundreds of thousands of their race and kindred slain by the Union, in the names of the millions expatriated by the Union, I and who are now looking anxiously over the [ Atlantic to see if the pastors in the old land are j true to the old cause. (Immense cheering.) j I Priests of Ireland, help us. Priests, whose j I connection with the Irish people is surrounded ' with a thousand proud and mournful historical I memories, here is your place. (Enthusiastic cheering.) I appeal to them in the name of re ligion. If I were the bitterest enemy of the Catholic Church, instead of being as I am its attached though unworthy member, I could not wish it a more damaging blow than it would receive from clerical apathy or inaction wheu the vital interests of Ireland are at stake. Let me uow say a word to the Protestant clergy. I would remind them that the most terrible evils were predicted to result from Catholic Emancipation, yet what, rational mg.n 'will now say that the nation is worse for it? There are Catholic judges on the bench. Can one instance be shown in which any one of those judges was swayed by sectarian prejudice in pronouncing a judgment between Protestants and Catholics 1 Look also at the parliamentary elections. My rev. friend, Mr. Galbraith, with . his large heart, his clear head, and his spirit ot thorough fair play, took the trouble of analys ing a number of returns, by which he showed that the Catholic electors, when in great majori ties, as freely gave their vote to Protestant as to Catholic candidates. I remember some in stances of this Catholic spirit of impartiality j but a mere list of names is tiresome, so I pass them over. They illustrate the good spirit that actuated the Catholics of Ireland. While ar dently attached to their own creed, they scorn the wretched bigotry that would intrude secta rian distinctions into the domain of politics. Look, again, at our municipal bodies. For more than thirty years you have had a Catholic majority in the Dublin Corporation. Have not the Catholic members frankly chosen Pro testant Lord Mayors alternately with Catholics ? Have not the other Irish corporations in like manner given full fair play to their Protestant members ? It is true that in thus acting they have only done their duty ; but it is right to keep their conduct before the public mind, as it furnishes an unmistakable pledge of their hearty and honorable readiness to become interfused on fair and equal terms with their Protestant countrymen — satisfied with equality before the law — not only not seeking ascendancy, but re garding it with aversion as being incompatible with the national welfare. (Applause.) I ask all alarmists to contrast the conduct of the Irish Catholics in thib important regard with that of the Scotch Presby terians or the English Protestants. Why, the Scotch electors would no more dream of re turning a Catholic to Parliament than a Maho metan : indeed, I believe that of the two they would prefer the Turk. (A laugh.) And out of the 500 English members of Parliament there are just two Catholics, and I believe that one of these became a convert since his election. There is not the least reason for doubting, and there is every reason for being certain, that the Irish Catholics are at least as liberal as the Catholics of Hungary, Austria, or Prance. Per mit me to read to you some testimonies as to the way they manage these matters abroad. Mr. Daunt then read the following passage from a book entitled, 'Germany, Bohemia, and Hungary visited in 1S37,' written by the Rev. G-. R. Gleig, a clergyman of the Church of Eng land. Of Hungary, Mr. Gleig says — 'From the Catholics, though the dominant party in the State, Protestants receive no an noyance. The most perfect harmony, on the contrary, prevails. .... The spirit of tolerance is more conspicuous among the Roman* ists than among bbeir rivals.' And, again, Mr. Gleig says — ' They (the Hungarian Protestants) would be very unreasonable, indeed, did they complain that the slightest violation is offered to their consciences.' Prom a book entitled ' Austria' by Peter Evan Turnbull, Esq., F.R.S., published, by Murray ia 1840, I take the following testimony : — 'In all the German possessions of the crown, after the dread of Protestant supremacy or rivalry had passed away, general toleration was introduced, and finally established by Joseph II. ; so that, at this moment, every form of religion may in them be equally professed and exer cised. At Vienna are at present conBistorial congregations of Lutherans and Calvinists, Jewish synagogues, and churches o£ the Orien tal Greeks ; but persons of every shade of reli gious creed are admissible to all stations of the army, law, and civil government indiffer eatly. Neither is this, as may be the case in some countries, a mere legal and not practical right.' Now, I want to know why in the name of common sense, should not Irish Protestants and Irish Catholics coalesce as harmoniously for national purposes as Protestants and Catholics do in those Catholic countries ? (Hear, hear). The fears entertained, or pretended to be enter tained, in a few quarters, that Home Rule wonld eventuate in some tremendous mischief to Irish Protestants, are unsanctioned by the cha racter of the Irian Catholics, and are, in fact, mere ghosts conjured up by a guilty political conscience. (Cheers.) Now, you are all aware that the association has recently issued an ad dress to the people of Ireland, invoking their assistance, especially with reference to the ap proaching general election. (Hear, hear.) The association has not the smallest idea of suggest ing to the constituencies the adoption of any particular candidates. We feel that such a course would be improper and intrusive ; and I only meution the matter because in some quar ters an accusation has been made that we were disposed to act, and in former elections had acted, intrusively and dictatorially. No such thing. But we are extremely anxious to know what Home Rule candidates the constituencies themselves are desirous to support, and to give such candidates all our constitutional assistance in our power. At the time of the memorable Clare election in 1S2S it wa3 C'Connell's policy to oppose every government that did not make Catholic emancipation a Cabinet question. This is certain, that if a compact and resolute band of sixty or seventy Home Rule members made a point of opposing upon every question every government that refused to concede Home Government to Ireland — if, I say, sixty or seventy of our representatives had the firm ness and virtue to persevere in such a policy as this — our rulers would soon begin to discover that it would be a great convenience to send j such intractable gentlemen back to College- I green. (Cheers.) Aud what a glorious day will be that on which our ancient house shall be ? restored to its original use. It has often struck my mind as a memorable fact that, the illustri ous Grattan, at the moment when corruption was triumphant and when hope seemed for ever buried, did not even then give up hope ; he said ; that although Ireland lay in her shroud, yet she \ was in a swoon, bub not dead ; although she lay \ helpless and motionless, yet on her lips was the; spirit of life, and ou her cheek the glow of j beauty: he said to her— \ Thou art not conquered : beauty's ensign yet i is crimson on thy lip and on thy cheek, j And Death's pale flag is not advanced there. ; He predicted thai. Ireland would rise again from her Union grave inta national Hfo ami legislative independence. (Hear, hear.) We are doing what we can to fulfil the prediction, and we call on all our countrymen, to help us. I read with piide and admiration the description given by our friend, Mr. Butt, in one of his most elo quent speeches, of the scene that Dublin will present when our parliament shall be reopened. He spoke of the thunder of cannon, of the wel kin, ringing with the cheers of a delighted people, of the all-pervading joy of the multitude, and a joyous and magnificent scene it will be. But beyond that noble scene extends in long perspective a grand and beneficent future for Ireland. I look forward to the happy condi tion of a people disenthralled from the execrable system that cripples their energies,, plunders their country, and banishes them,' across the ocean ; a people taught not only by the intuition of their own good hearts, but by the bitter lessons of experience, that no greater curse can fall upon their country than the political ascendancy of any one Church or sect ; a people retaining the fulness of their reli« ? gious belief, but retaining it in the spirit of in tensest charity : a people freed from foreign rule, and availing themselves of the great na tional gifts bestowed by the Creator upon Ireland; a people sending up to Heaven a heartfelt hymn, of praise and thanksgiving for their final deliver an cefrom the hideous nightmare that for more than seventy years, has sat upon the breast of Ireland,, mocking her agonies and crushing her down into national paralysis. Help us, people of Ire» land, to achieve that glorious consummation for yourselves and your posterity. (Vehement and prolonged cheering.) Mr. Daunt concluded by moving the folio-wing resolution : — ' That the report of the Registrar-General ex hibiting progressive emigration and decline of tillage in the 73rd year of the Union, affords the strongest proof of the need for domestic legislation, and that the condition of our country imperatively demands the best energies of her people to recover their national Parliament.' Mr. Griffin, B. L., seconded the resolution as a Protestant nationalist in an, able and forcible speech, in which he qouted facts and figures to show the fearful decline which had taken place in the population of Ireland, and all the miseries visited upon the people since the period of the Union. The resolution having been adopted, the chair man declared the proceedings closed. 