THE ANATHEMATIZED MAN;USCRIPT,S. No. I. Coui-D Murnxs. Wuait'd in his priestly surplice, like a ghost. His rev'rence stalks the shadoAV of yon fane. And to himself doth .speak of Aveighty things. (Father Moses solilorjuisiiiff.) "And F.atlier O'M.alley has tould his mind to the Victorians ! It's like him— and more poAver to him ! But he Av.as a thrifie too absolute ; .and f.linh "hliinflA . mfixr cfn-k -hliA rihiivnli in+.rt n. scrape. The refusal of the holy sacraments to p.arcnts aa'Iio xjei-sist in sending their childer to .Public Schools is right enough in itself ; but, bad luck to it,- it aa'asn't announced Avith xn-iestly discretion. . . It might li.aA'c been announced to -Catholics Avithout making it so XJublic to, Pro testants. But aa'hat's done is done ; and, sure enough, my name is not F.ather Moses if the heretical Press doesn't thunder aAvay at Father O'Malley .and his threat for the next three months. -fUi ! Avell, the Church must just t.ake pot-luck in m.attei-s of .this Idnd ; it is . one comfoi-t, hoAVSomynever, Ave knoAV hoAV to quell the tumult ! If public indignation in Victoria thre.atens to injure the Church, the Church can stex> forw.ard .and teU the public tluvt O'M.alley, in his ze.al, thre:itened a thing aa'hich she never authorized him to utter. In that case, O'Malley must hold his tongue. If, on the other hand, parents quietly obey O'Malley, the Church may well bless him and his gentle sheex). But, in this ease O'Malley may spout as long as he plazes. Well, Avell, thei-e's nothing like Jesuit ism for these in.atters ; and .although Ave h.ave more Jesilits in Australia than peoxde imagine, we need them .all. Tlie times avc are cast in deimand tluat every x)riest should be a .lesuit, x)r.actical as AveU as theoretical. But oeh, och ! the difficulty involved in this s:une education question makes my head sore ! Let me see,-l- there are tAvo questions that x>uzzle the Avhole clergy : — First, should the sacraments be re fused to p.arcnts Avho send their children to Public Schools ? and, second, should this refusal be extended to sucli Roman Catholics as hold the positions of te.achers in these schools ? 'Th.at the Church ' should ' refuse both, there can be no question. But, bad luck to tlie times, it is a question of expedience ! Oh that avc should be prevented from s.aying, ' Thou shalt do this I' Oh Avdrra, Avirra, th.at Ave "should li.aA'c to prate about exxiedience, XJolicy, and such like ! But, as things are, it is exxiedient that Ave should be politic, aud 'XAolitic that Ave should be expedient. A grea,t difficulty shares us in tlie face ; and Ave are in a diliimnia as to hoAV Ave c.an surmount it. Roman Catholics Avho are .teachei-s in Public Schools have some inttuencc over ilom.an C.atho- lic parents ; and if the former, .are permitted to teach that from.Ayhich the latter are commanded to Avithdr.aAV their children, these xiarents may .asK tne onurcli why she alloAVS one xmrtion of her members to teach. Avhat she X'l'ohibits .another portion from being taught. And, bad luck to it, its; not .politic , to thre.aten these teachers Avitli ' excommunioatioh ! 'They groAV f.at .and saucy, and, Avh.at is .worse, intelligent ; .and as the m.arcli of intelligeiice is the march of Avickediiess, and as Avickediiess is the enemy of the Church, the Church-bad luck to the m.arch of inteUigence ..and . wickednpas-r-is in a .sorry Xiliglit Avith 'tlib'se sam'e teachers'.' 'Oh that I should have been liorn to live in this Avicked tige I And, oh ! St. Bridget, Avh.at a change h.as conie over these same teachers, male . and female , ! . .They "seldom conie to coiifessioii' noAV ; :ind, Avhen they do, I verily believe they, only cbnfehs ' one-tAventieth x>art > of their iniqiiity. And Avhen Ave Avould imxiose severe 'xienance, they give us a look Avhicli seems to s.ay, ' Deal gently with us, or Ave'll shrive ourselves !' Bad luck to .these . public Schools ! "What a tr.aiis- foruiatioh they have effe'cted in" these teachers ! It is not so long ago Avhen not an Easter or Christmas -vvas '.alloAved to xtiss oa'er liiy head .untliout these same teachers filling my hCuse Avith geese, gandei-s, ducks, cocks, butter, b.aconj .and xn-aties. Notliing AA'.as too good for F.atlier Moses tlien. But noAV, niver a goose or a cock or a g.ander or a pfatio is brought by a Lather's son or a mother's d.aughter of them. 'There AA'iis jSIiss M — : — , that iised to bring me a cock eveiy Easter morning .and a jug of rale Ii-ish aa'hisky. Hoav the cock, aa'ith its croAving, used .to m.ake Father Mick and \- myself laueli ! and oh, hoAV the notlieen aa'armed our , he.arts ! But vow, Father Moses nimst be his OAvn cock and eroAV for himself ; .and, as for ' a dhrox> of the eratur, I might drink the Avine kept for tlie Holy Eucharist for all thej'- c.are ! But Avlio comes here ?" (Enter Molly QUIoolhjan.) Molly: '".fhetox) of the evenin' to yer riv'- i-enceii!"- ' Moses: "'The .sanie to you, -Molly O'Hopli- g.an !" Molly : " It's a d.ark night, yer riv'rence !" _ Moses: " And d.arker times, Mrs. O'Hooli- g.an!" Molly : "I hope I'm not afther disturbing yer i-iv'rence ?" Moses :" If it's to confession yer come, yer Avelcome ; but, to tell yo the truth, Mrs. O'Hooligaii', my soaa'I is sorely tried Avith Church matters !" ' Molly: "Is the Church in danger, F.ather Moses?" Moses : "In danger ! Hoav d.are ye ask such a question ? Have ye forgotten that the gates of hell .shall never xn- CAmil against the Church that is built on Peter ? No, no, Molly ; the Cliurcli is firm ; but the soavIs of all parents Avho send their childer to the Public Schools are in danger." Molly : " Holy Virgin, Avhat aidll become of mc? Mick xior.sists in. sending our childer to the Public School. He s.ays they le.arn more than under the Sisters." Moses : " Molly, de.ar, I think ye tould mo at last confession th.at yer besetting sin Avas viinitv ?" Molly: " I did, yer riA-'rence." Moses : " And I tould ye not to curl yer hair nor Avcar earrings until .1. g.aA'e ye x'ermis- sion ?" MoRy : "Ye did th.at same, F.ather Moses !" Moses : " And have ye obeyed me?" Molly: "Sure I'll take my oath that my e.arrings h.aA'e been lying in the since I was Av.as last .at confession ; .and Mick c.an tell ye I have had my hair in a chignon since that s.ame night I" Moses : " Tu est bona el Jklelis, oh Molly oram I" Molly : " Is yer liv'renee cursing me?" Moses : " 0 that I should have ever larht Dog Latin to Tie mistranslated by you, Mrs. 0'.Hooligan ! No, acushla ! I've been .apostro- Xfiiising ye in the sacred tongue of the Church. And oh, Molly dear, tile Church has great indulgences for the like of ye, if ye AAud only do her bidding — d'ye mind !" "Molly : " Wid yer riv'rence h.ave me send my childer to the Church's School ?" Mnensi " 'Plint. s-mnp. ! But .'ill afraid VC .alloAV Mick to h.ave .all his OAA'ii way in siich matters. But, Molly, I can forbid ye curling yer hair and Ave.aring earrings as long as I like, if it's for the good of yer soAvl — d'ye mind ? But I think yer friendly to the Church of yer fathers, and Avid do a thrifie for her sake, acushla !" Molly: "Luck here. Father Moses! — I en- g.age ye I'll never eurl my hair ag.ain or xnit on earrings if I don't take ray childer from these haythen Schools this very Aveek " Moses : "But hoAV Avill ye nian.age it, .alan- nah?" ' MoUy : " By could muffins, yer riA-'rence !" Moses : "ByAvh.at?" Molly : " By could muffins ! Mick's a Avh.alo for hot ones. Its his Aveakness — his dise.ase. AVheneyef he refuses me anything, I giA-e him could muffins AA'id his tay ; and tliat makes him uncomfortable. He then kicks ux) a shindy— and so do I ; and afther he's tired SAA'earing and grumbling, he generally Avinds iqi AA'id saying. Bad Inck to ye, Molly, ye may please yerself — but give me my muffins liot ! " Moses: "I -wish there wore more troubled Tvid Mick's cnmplaiut ! We would make their disease an iiistruiueut to the salvation of their chillier ! W'id could muffins we'd soon Chris- tiauisc the world ! Oh iidelis Mollyorum, et tu oh bouuui mutffiiorum !" Alolly : "Is yer riv'reuce blessiu' the muE- fiiis?" , « Moses : "Ocli, peh b it waims my soAvl to find such a pillar of the Church as ycrsolf, Mrs. O'Hooligau ; and liendeforth, aoiishla, yc may cmi yer hair and wear oiUTings as long as ye plase !" 1 I Molly : "May St., Patrick and all the other saints bless and prosper ye for that same indul gence, Father Moses !" Moses: " Amen ! And now, Molly, kneel dovu and confess 3''crsclf !" . DAYLICIHT. Sydney, October 13, 1873. 