HjOETICTJIiTOE AL A.Tfft. . fiBjnTTL. TUE1I, NOTES. T fwM for the result of the ootniog hw < given place to rejoicing/ in conseqic»iMe the plenteous rain which fell on the last; day Ct the peet month, 4Mid which appears to hart extended 1 fthmnffhnnf an hfiVOnd thi hntvndm JI/ AI aaIAM'V D-wmu «UU f — H IP WMIM/ y and seldom has i>? heen more welcome ' or more anxiously wished farmers' prospect having ! become gloomy whe.r®ver the crops use late, or, the soil' not in first-e88 condition, S| ran now, ' reports ptate that some of the latt-tow ® oreps were past recovery before tb® .rain vcams, a very lrge majority must hTe been iosm W18 benefited thereby, and it impro be prpi ??2? of the farmers and grazierstoave gP 9+jkx P6', for the latter were likely to ihfforto ' Mat ertent M the farmer. Peking land# in gMt S? w ""ongwatJ, OToMtocked. i . lhe Wimmera oorrospondent of the ulFl MAt an and W«.t Wimmere dirtriote, vb<mn/htht land has pot been overstocked, fee «t» and herbage u mfiue order, the foianer seeding finely. Where tpo many grass- cutters have bee a con- stantly at workhoweer,the-land is b areond X sterile, and without the ghost of a chance pf beings renewed by a fresh supply of grass seeds. $o far jj has that system been carried on, both by squatters aadeeleotors, that many parts bf the disfcriot are quite altered in appearance. On one statiop, that has been celebrated for the past twentyyfcars for supplying Melbourne ahd other markets With the. heaviest weights' and the fattest sheep/ ahd on -which, in previous yeprs, the greatest number of1 sheep shorn never eidefiedf 46,C00, 90,1)00 will be shOrn thia Beaaon.ati pf which hare been depastured theieon during,. (he curienfcyear. Such a system must e»d disastrously. fi As regards harvest prospects, I" can only say -that early- sown wheat crops, are now in full bloom, the weather so far' havingiteenvery favourable." In pther pans of the warinfrdutriots of the. oolong, also, the wheat is alreadyin ear, and there is certainly atpreeent a fair prospect thatthe yield of wheat at the ensuing harvest Will, under toy" circumstances, riolt be T under an average, land should favourable weather continue, accompanied with further rainfall, it is quite probable that the' average may be exceeded. The following extracts will show that on good and well-managed soils there is likely to be a very bountiful yield:— -The Learmonth corre spondent of the " Ballarat Star" writes:— "I may confidently Btate that, in spite of the weather, the oropB still look in splendid condition in all parts of this district. Opportunities have been afforded nib of late of 4 taking stock,' and in my humble opinion the crops throughout all portions of the shire of Ballarat stand seoond to none in the colony. Taking the farms' edging on the Erpildoun estate, froth the Weatherboard to the Springs, thete are crops 6f wheat growing reaching to a man's throat. The same may be said of those round about Learmohto, Coghiil's Greek, and Asoot, and their luxuriance may certainly be ascribed to the proper nurture of the soil. " With respect to the Major Plains crops, we hear most excellent accounts of the general prospects ef the wheat harvest from all directions," says the " Benalla Ensign." " In most parts of the Major, indeed, the crops are almost too rank, and con sequently liable' to be laid by either heavy %tins or strong winds. The plants are how, however,' getting a good substance, and there is every appearance of a bountiful and early harvest. The barley and oats are not nearly so good generally ; in fact in sohle places the latter are very bare, and the farmers are feeding them off with cattle." Prom Ararat a correspondent of the " Hamilton' Spectator" writes : — " The crops throughout this' neighbourhood are expected to afford a fair remuneration this reason, but although this may be said generally, there are instances where $he. farmers will be sadly disappointed." These | reports, it must be borne in mind, were all written nnn. to tbo min&lL; whinh mav fairlv be looked piAVS Ww WW j " — — — V V upon as favourable to the oat and barley crops. There can be little doubt that the assurance of the safety of the harvest will tend materially towards quickening the movements of holders of wheat and flour, in realising before the new wheat comes in, and as all reports speak of an early harvest, the time to quit has become ex tremely limited. There are as yet no reports of rust, neither does the take-all appear to be extending its ravages. Young grasshoppers are numerous, and causing damage in some districts, bnt it is to be hoped thai-, the crops will be saved before they are strong enough to effect much destruction. " Caterpillars," says the "Ghindagai Times," , " are making great havoc among the earn orops at Tamut Plains. Several of the agriculturists have suffered very severely from these pests, and we understand that Mr. Snodden has had ten acres of corn completely destroyed by them." The caterpillar has also been doing great havop about Albury, and now the grasshopper? are becoming qfliite numerous ; in fact, along the flats by the river they are to be found in myriads, and the probability is that in another few weeks there will net be a blade of grass to be seen in the vicinity of the ldver. Sheep-shearing is now going rapidly forward, and produoing highly satisfactory results. The " Gipps Land Mercury" states " Some months ago we mentioned the foot of arrowroot of very superior quality being made at the abori ginal station, Ramahyuok. It will be seen by the Vienna exhibits that the Be v. J. Hagenaur obtained a medal and hon. mention for the arrow root shown there. They are now making 601b. weight a day, and supply most of the hospitals -in Ballarat and Melbourne. This is turning black labour to legitimate use, and is certainly very encouraging." A. special meeting of the Melbourne Vine- growers' Association was held at Weber's hotel I on Thursday evening, in reference to a piece for hoWing future meetings, and for cellaring the wines of the association. It was agreed that every accommodation that could be desired was provided in' the place where toe members were then assembled, and -Mr. Weber had shown a. friendly disposition to promote the objeots of the association without regard to profit to himself. The want of a suitable cellar, however, had not 1 yet been provided for, and too committee last ap pointed were requested to -resume their duties, and endeavour to procure one. Three new members were balloted for, and were unani mously elected. After toe formal business the members sat down to a very excellent dinner, at which the members'- wines were used, and muoh appreciated. Dinner over, the interesting par tion of the' HuBidess— vis., the sampling of the members' wines with some high- class -European light white wines, was prooeeded w£th. -The wahtofa cellar in which to keep the winer cool ujPtgthe tirhC of sampling was much felt, , end the shltriness of the eveping asdthe too high fJemperSturh'df thfe Twines verv much interfered with the1 judgment. Nearly all top wines were considered to be of a very high character, and .many of them were marked as foreign wines j the result, however, was that the four wines which obtained the highest numbers .were foreign winp. A communication was read by the hon. Secretary rom a firm hf.. high standing in Loftdon hif whi# merchants, asking for sampler of Brisling Mnes from toe various growers, naVing observed id toe Australian' ; Court, at the " International," fre quent referenoe inadc to wines -made from- that grape. Eacli W powers ; jntesebt %udertook to make nss sd'fhV took to Mee tetoeshipmsnt of the dime.- > >t 1 The ' ilurMd«dLftotee i AdvertisBdrtii ; made its abptorance in various , partf i#! 1 1 he . district, hh tor hiss been uoiwiy , of Vaokandaadah recently informed his vinef had JMIectedi bhttoot the pest was gob rid As the remwly. is cheap/ «impl»,.»nd effioacious, only' thSlvssdlbdtomik-if they»suflhn mom v i heard of toddffo flhsXrss aad other pests. It j ihAqhefl| happens/ rthp$ ?i' sifcmited on sloping grphsds/ that ihe dritinage may be prifection, while the subsoil mhy bevotir and ret— a state of things "hich is certain to act injuriously on vines, as on all other c plants." ! The ahtiual 8hb#-of the Brighton Hortieultural Bbciety is to be held on the 10th, and bids fair to be un u mally successful. Tlunfe in pots will be more forward and in bettor condition than they were at: the tiae bf the 'Melbourne show. Cut flowers may be expected to be quite equal, aud should the weather remain cool through this week, the roses buht to be even superior ; while, ' as for vegetables, belfcg in the midst of market 1 gardens, they bught to be present in great force, ' The spring show of the' Horticultural Society of Adelaide was held on the 16th ult., and though not favoured by the weather, it appears to have been tolerably successful. The judges reported, that on the whole the Collection of plants was very good, and that, there was a considerable -improvement in the care and culture of the present exhibition in comparison with ite prede cessors. The cinerarias were specially deserving - of praise; The previous scorching wCathcr had - so much injured plants out of doore, that the cut flowers were not Very fine. Dr. Schomburgk Contributed from the Botanic 'Gardens some good specimens, including the new ' Adiahtum .Bat- leyense, gloxinias/ cinerarias, and others. 