GHOSTS. (Qlobe.) We have changed much, in these days from the old times when ghosts were almost an article .of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to ^ain credence tor his narrative without an inner reservation ' that, at all events, it is very diffi cult to account for it.' In Queen Elizabeth's time that stage direction in 'Hamlet,' ' Enter{Jhost,'' struck a real chord of emotion amoDgst the people, and, so far from weakeri 'ing the force of the allusion, considerably heightened it by iutx'oducing a mysterious agency, as to which all were more or less sympathetic. Thus, in the Middle Ages a ghost had a dignity very different from the Pecknam apparition of these days. There is a story told in French history of a peasant of Marseilles who was troubled by an unearthly visitor. ThepeaEaut was to make his way to the king, and reveal to him a mes sage that would be communicated' to him ; but if he disclosed it to any one else he would die. He did disclse it to another — his wife — and he died, falling dead on the spot, too. The per turbed spirit, however, though unfortunate in this choice of a messenger, revealed himself a a second time, with similar formalities and threats, and again the garrulous French nature could not keep reticent about the news. The tale-was iold, and tho narrator, in his turn, died. Yet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a farrier. The tale we tell is historical, and the facts precise and ascertained. The fanier kept his council, journeyed to Ver sailles, saw Gold Stick in Waiting, who was j very polite, but very obdurate. A peasant ) from Marseilles have an interview with the | Majesty of France ! Impossible ; a thing not | * to 'be heard of ! Farrier .brings forward his ', ghastly facts. - Proof offered, asked for, given, i ' Did not two other of the good' folks of the-j - town to whom revelation' had' been made die because they departed from the strict.letter of j their instruction ? Gold Stick waa alarmed. - Could not the truth of these | ! _6.t»|tenients be easily' ascertained from the j local authorities p Gold Stick was relieved. The farmer was to call in a couple of days — he called, saw the. king in private, had several interviews with him, and returned to his own province a wealthy man, supported by the revenue, a public character from that time till his death, and probably a bachelor and misogamist, for the substance of theseerer never transpired It is all historical, The best artist of the day drew our farrier, the drawing was engraved, and copies of ifc exist ia several private collections. One writer pro fesses to hare seen the print, and says that ' it represents the face of a man about thirty five or .forty yeirs of age, with an open countenance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression ' — a somewhat vague description as to the whole, and one would be glad to have learned what, was the.. special character of that expression. .. We lire in different days now, and theappa ritions seems, notwithstanding an occasional exception, to have passed away. The ghost . of the 19tU century cannot keep his secret as Veil as his brother spirit of the 17ih, and it is the magistrate, not the minister, with whom be is confronted. The lantern of ' Pleacemau X' shines upon the apparition, and under 'this manifestation the mystery not so much dis solves into thin air as solidifies 'into flesh and blood. The spirit thenbecomcB what the Acts of Parliament eall a 'person,' and' the laws gf the laud take their' useful and uninterrupted ?effect. And yet who will deny that there lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted ' enlightenment of the 19th century' can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions P What is spiritualism but a mode of the same dis ease ? We are not as credulous aa. our simple forefathers, and we have a way of severing our judgment from our faith, and being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that snch things do net exjst. What is the experience of each one? Ia .there any reader of this paper who, however fortu nate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance, who has seen a ghost? We do not mean sounds or rappingE, but a real bona fide—we were going to say— flesh-and-blood live ghost? The writer himself forms no exception to the role which he believes prevails. Here is a story told to him by one ' of tlie chief actors: — Three students of a university, situated iu what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired after dinner to the I rooms of a friend. There is no importance in tbe words ' after dinner.' College beer is very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on recerd in which a man. who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four friends were standing round the fire, which flickered , bnghtly, so that every part of the room could. be seen. Its shape was of this kind. The door . from the staircase was at one corner ; directly opposite to that was another door, which led j into the bedroom. There was no other ap proach to or exit from the room. Thefireplacj was at the side of the inner door. The f run is were standing round the fire chatting together, 1 when they distinctly saw the outer door open gently, and a figure pass in. It crossed t,he room, and passed through the opposite door way into the bedroom. Three of the young men rushed at once into the room, examined every part of it together, bnt there was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on I seeing the apparition. What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is knowa, the only instance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several people simultaneously. As a general rule, if the apparition appeal's to more persons than one it does so successively, as in the French 8tory just told. Another cir cumstance that is remarkable in thia Jtise is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrived immediately at | the idea that the visitor was a ghost The J spirit was, indeed, known to two ot them — that is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost of their brother. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to Lave felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is told as a thing that happened. There was no dowager-duchess or guardsman present to command the respect of the Times, but then — every one is not so strong minded and naturally incredulous as that journal. Several persons, Jsays the Bombala Times, have paid a visit to Combine Bar, ana hare juEt returned. Tliey report tbat only a few persons ore at work there ; and that the yield of gold ie by no means 60 large as has been reported. Tea battery of the Come Love reef has been eold to a person residing at Bendpc. We believe it is the inteuti* 1 to renuve It to Boning. Harriot's are still rising and crush ing, at their dolly-machine, excellent etone from th« new r«ef. The Kising Bun will have a crashing this week. 