'???': :HEREblTARY GHOSTS. . I '. (Front Ute Globo.) :'What ivy is to tho ruin, what u fino beeswing1 is to port, that a ghost is .to a country house. An oldcountry house without u ghost is a very sorious matter— suspicious in itsolf, suggostivo of pur vonuisin, utterly fatal to the claims of any family to antiquity. 'Thank heaven, it takes throo gonorations to grow- an avonuo of oaks,'' said ii libbr nristocatic fi'kmd of Erskinn's wlmn thoy hud cleared tho grounds of a man with whom thoy had just dined, and who had every thing but antiquity on his side. It takes much .longer than that to produce arespuctablo ghost; it cannot bo dono undor six or sovon gonorations. 1 1 know two houses certainly whero a vory modern family scorn to bo blest with tho gonuiiib thing, but I havo reason to bblievo that it is a socond-hand ono. Ghosts— and this is vory im portant — may bo divided into threo distinct classes which must not bo confounded. Thero is the vulgar arid dotostablo class typified by tho Cpek-lano ! affair ; old mpn condomned to bo .perpetually, repeating tho Biblo. backwards, peculiar, , :I bolievo, ,-, to, -Tooting ; .cattle without heads, and aimloss noises.. The second , cluss consists of wollrdefidod, apparitions, gone-, rally of mon piv animals, which appear, ton or twolvo times. porhaps'in a lifotiniq, usually aftor supper, whoso Ariol takes tho shiipo of salmon with cucumber or Wolsh rabbit,; and whoso Prosporo is tho doctor. Tho. third' class com priso tho real thing— tho triio . uiimistakciiblo. ! hereditary, ghosts, constantly ' associated ][ by '.',' scoptics with its inferior and spurious brothprn, bjifuttorly distinct in its' origin, its appoarahcb, and its habits; Its origin is invariably lost in tho twilight of fable. , Spmp of .t^hoso ghosts ciimo over with tho'Conqiierqr ;' many dnto from tlio-Warsof tho Roses, - particularly vthqso, vouer ablo pui'tips which haunt, tho old manor :hoiises in Yorksliirq.. 'Others; 'nibrb than orip would suppose,'- date from the Civil Wars, and somo aro ovon as latq. as the Restoration ; but any apparations loiter^ than that aro to ibc'rognrdc'd with 'distrust..- These ghosts 1 aro essontiully aristocratic;;1 they 'seomi to wax. nrid.'wnno ns cbrtuin trees aro said tp,dq,-\'jtb.i tho fortuno of tho houso to which thoy are attached; thoy never pass from ...one family, to another. v You may como into tho mansion,, but .you ennnot. '; como into tho ghost of- nn 'old family.' Inthd : grnvo of tho last hereditary possessor arb buried : also the hereditary ghosts.- -: T5-ese ghosts,'- h'kq;;1 gpod'sbrvnnts.'iir'o scbri arid not heard:- -!No oh- ? jeetless' clnnlririg of chains,' rattling -:op bonos^' rumbling of biiri'ols and tho'likb,;.ovot accom pany thom; they aro much ; too rospoctablo'fo'r ' that. Thoyrhrcly'niakothbir appearance,' and'; when thoy do it is orilyn glimpso'thiit can bo. canght of thoin. -Tho .breath bfi their, lifo.is 'tradition; groy-hnire'd butlora- and. suporhn-r: nuated nurses aro their chroniclers,- and over ? tho winter's fire you may-hear their story told. Generation after generation thoir logend is handed down with a weird accuracy and 11. strange uniformity of . detail ; notliing is oxng-:. gorat'ed, nothing 'lost.. Tho pulp-faced lady, . flitting by tho window or glidingtlown tho Stan's with tho speck of blood on her wrist ; tho beautiful child with the goldonhuir and' tho dead robin iu her breast; or, tho shadowy slu-oudcd figuro and. tho beckoning hand — whatever form tho legond takes, so it remains the samo to-dny ns 300 yearB ago. It is ourious' to sco -how theao traditions hnvo poncti'ated into our literature To say nothing, of tho poets, who- woidd naturally loan towards them, tho grave historian Clarendon 'dooB riot hesitato to , cito them with perhaps more uwo than ho would, , cui-o to confess. Charming Lady Fanshawb; in '. her delightful momoirs, trembles as sho talks of them, and tho philosophic Joseph Glany villo- has doilicatcd near half a volumo to thom. Old Dr. Johnson, though ho would grudgo his company a word on any other topic, . '.bocaino at oncp a paliont listoncr if anyone could '. tiilk ' about these ; and we 'nil' 'know howj oh : ,, visiting an old family in tho country, after sur veying the ;.anciont gabled houso, ho at onco oskecrwithiin eager curiosity if thero .was' any ghost. Ghosts are ..gradually leaving us; tlio ntmosphcro of common life is too much for them ; pur grand old family mansions, their chosen homos, aro changing hands, passing into the possession of strangers. The introduction of gunpowder is said to have given tho finish-', ing stroke to chivalry, and what we aro so fond of dubbing common sense as giving the finishing stroke to bettor things than superstition. When old Troy had fallen, and tho light of day was poured into tho* recesses of Priam's palnces, Virgil is careful to toll us that tho gods of the city had desorted her — had flown away never to return. And last wcok, when I was : wandering over ono of - 'England's oldost mansions ..which had passed into the hands of a stranger of yes terday, and talked with tho plain matter-of-fuet man who had taken tho place of the good old family butler, I thought with a sigh of old times, and realised more than over that gro tesque discrepancy which deforms so many of these places where tho ancient und modern olo ments arc so ridiculously combined. I looked 011 the old pictures darkening in their frames —011 tho old swords and firelocks, out on to tho grim moluncholy yew walks, where tho light of the sotting, sun splintered into emeralds, was dying ; ; and, us I walked away, wondered what would bo the effect on tho spruco' enlightened monuil before iiio, if, liko Dr. Johnson, I ven tured to ask whether 'there was any ghost. 