PHANTOM LIMBS. (From " Lippincotfs Magazine:') It has Jong been known to surgeons that when a limb has been cut off the sufl'erer does not lose the consciousness of its -existence. This has been found to be true in nearly every such case. Only about five per cent, of the men who have suffered amputation never have any feeling of the part as being still present* Of the rest, there are a few who in time come to forget the missing member; while the remainder seem to retain a sense ol its existence so vivid as to be more definite and intrusive than is that of its truly living fellow member. A person in this condition is haunted, as it were, by a constant or inconstant fi .ictioual phantom of so much of himtelfas has been lopped away—an unseen ghost of the lost part, and soinetinies a presencemade sorely inconvenient by the fact that, while but faintly felt at times, it is at others acutely called to his attention by the pains or irritations which it appears to suffer from a blow on the stump or aehange in the weather. There is something almost tragical, something ghastly, in the notion of these thousands(of spirit limbs haunting as many good soldiers, and every nojv fend, then tormenting ihem•' .with the disappointments which arise when, the memory being off guard for a moment, the keen sense of the limb's presence betrays the man into some effort, the failure of which of a suddon reminds him of his loss. Many persons feel the lost limb as existing the momeiit they awaken from the merciful stupor of the ether given to dastioy the torments of the knife; others come slowly to this consciousness in days or weeks, and when the wound has" healed. But, as a rule, the more' sound and serviceable the stump, especially if an artificial limb be worn, the more likely is the man to feel faintly the presence of his shorn member. Someimes a blow on the stump will reawaken such .consciousness ; or, as happened in one.case, areamputation higher up the limb will summon it anew into seeming existence. In many the limb may be recalled to tho man by irritating the nerves in its stump. Every doctor knows that when auy part of a nerve is excited by a pinch, a tap, or by electricity (which is an altogether harmless means), the pain, if it be a nerve of feeling, is felt as if it were really caused in the part to which the nerve finally passes. A familiar illustraion is met with when we hurt the " crazy-bone" behind the elbow. This crazy-bone is merely the ulnar nerve, whicb-gives sensation to the third and fourth fingers, and in which latter parts we feel the numbing pain of a blow on the main nerve. If we were to divide this nerve below the elbow, the pain would still seem to be in the fingers ; nor would it alter the case were the arm cutxtfl'. When, therefore, the current of a battery is turned upon the nerves of an arm-stump, the irritation caused in the divided nerves is carried to the brain, and there referred at once to all the regions of the lost limb from which, when entire, these uerves brought those iknpressions of touch or pain .which the brain converts into sensations. As the electric current disturbs the nerves, the limb is sometimes called back Ao sensory being with startling feality. On one occasion the shoulder was thus electrized three inches above the point where the arm had been cutoff. For two years the man had ccased to be conscious of the limb. As the current passed, although ignorant of its possible effects, he started up, crying aloud, " Oil ! tlie hand, the band I" and tried to seize it with the living grasp of the sound fingers. No resurrection of the dead, no answer of a summoned spirit, could have been more startling. As the current was broken the lost part faded again, only to be recalled by the same means! '1 his man had ceased to feel his limb. M'ith others it is a presence never absent save in sleep. " If," say s one man, " I should say I am more sure of the leg which ain't than oftlie one that are, I guess I should be about correct." Absurd mishaps sometimes remind men of the unreliability of these ghostly members, which seem to tbem so distinctly material. In oue case, a man believed for a moment that be bad struck another with the absent hand. A very gallant fellow, who lost an arm at Sbiloh, was always acutely conscious of the limb as still present. On one occasion, when riding, he used the lost hand to grasp the reins, while with the other he struck his horse. He paid for his blunder with a fall. Sensitive people are curiously moved by the mental shock which comes from such failures of purpose. In one case, the poor fellow, at every meal tor many months, would try to pick up his fork, and, failing, would be suddenly seized with nausea ; so that at last his wife habitually warned him. How remarkable must be the sense of the existence of the part lost is to ho gathered from the fact that even after twenty or thirty years men arc sometimes deceived by this sensation into acts which are founded on a moment of deception as to tlie real presence of the limb. Naturally enough, this is apt to he the ease when first rallying the senses on awaking from sleep. " Indeed," says one sufferer, writing of this point, " every morning 1 have to learn anew that my leg is enriching a Virginia wheat crop or ornamenting some horrible museum." But, whilemost men are thus conscious of a lost limb as still in place, the spirit member is never complete. The foot or hand are must distinctly felt, and then the ankle «n- wrist. The parts between these aud the kuce or elbow, as the case may be, are seemingly indistinct or absent, and any missing parts yet hijiher up are totally unfelt. In somec"a,es half a hand is gone, and only a phantom finger or two remain somewhere in the air, with an utter abolition of every other portion of the arm. Probably some of these curious facts depend upon certain of the nerve-ends in the stump being kept irritated, while others are perlocily souuil and undisturbed, in accordance wilh these facts, the pains referred to lost parts are usually felt in the hand «r foot, and very rarely elsewhere. 