UNDER THE VERANDAH Wo aro certainly aping the old world spirit of Jcnkinism to a frightful extent. A member of the Cabinet cannot proceed in connection with the duty pf his department without being accompanied by a member of the fourth estate, who accurately convoys to tho public how one of tho springs of tho ministerial buggy came to grief, and how tho Modoc intended for the refec tion of tho ministerial party was secretly abstracted by a thirsty ostler. Commis sions, too, must have with them faithful chroniclers of their labors j»nd their pleasures in order that their names may bo kept well before their constituents. Not content with reporters, artists aro now prcssod into tho service. Tho Commissioner of Crown Lands on his late trip to the Lower Murray was accompaniocl by a linmcr of note, and the same gentleman iB to bo further pilotod about the country by the Surveyor-General nnd Assistant Commissioner of Lands. Of course the artistonly means to avail himself of tho knowledge of tho localities possessed by tho two officials, who will be able to give liiin excellent points of view nnd to show him bits of picturesque scenery. So much kind liness must, however, have its reward in somo shapo or other. Reciprocity is the soul of business, and humbug the Hccrct of success, and this appears to bo pretty gene rally understood in Victoria. Tho habituis of the Verandah, whether righly or wrongly it is not for mo to say, aro not looked upon as models of honesty and integrity in their business relations with tho public and with each other. Commercial immorality is not, however, confined to brokers, johbors, and speculators in shares, but somo of the mercantile Brahmins are sometimes caught tripping. Tho respecta ble) house of Tinsloy aud Co., of Birmingham, forward goods to the amount of JC.'iOOO to their agent in Melbourne— in the words of Marc Anthony, an honorable man. lie pays the duty, takes possession of tho goods, aud thon it is discovered that tho revenue has been defrauded of £170. Whether tho offence rest with tho firm at home or with the agent hero is not stated, but the fact remains tho same — the littlo swindle has been worked by sonic ono, who, however horrified lie might bo at tho thought of filching his neighbor's purse, feels no com punction in committing a dopredation on tho public, which after all is nothing more than a consolidation of neighbors. Perhaps Tinsley and Co. have been able to undersell their competitors in the same line of busi ness just as tho brooinmakcr who stole the brooms rondy made could undersell his cnlleaguo who only purloined tho raw material. At all events tho gilt has been taken off the Tinsley ginger-bread, ami be sides refunding the £170 tho firm has to pay a fine of £500 for their attempt to introduce the systom of free and easy trade. One of the Custom-house officials high in' authority wanted to have the Tinsley im porting transactions gone back upon for about two years — a course which can legally bo taken. For some reason tho astute head of the department were averse to tins step, and were in favor of merely a nominal line being imposed. When it was, however, strenu ously contended that tho vigilance of officers would not be encouraged if they were de prived of the pecuniary fruits that ought to accrue from such discoveries, it was de termined to iraposo tho fine as stated above, niul to go back upon the Tinsley transactions for tho lost four months. Tho ability of our agent-general in London, and tho amount of work dono in his establishment in Victoria Chambers, if judged by the despatches which for svino mouths have reached the Government, would have to he put down in both in stances at a minimum of quality. It surely docs not want an agent-general, a secretary of literary ability, and several clerks, to intimate that lighthouse oil in considerable quantities has been shipped, — that Captain 8nec has commenced his long course. No great ability is neoded to forward a report of the prison conference, voluminous though it bo, and it is easy enough to promise that the Treasurer shall soon have the opportunity of cramming himself on the subject of naval warfare through the medium of the latest hooksonthac intercstingsubject, which are to heforwarded. The contents of the despatches are generally to be found in the Enrnprnu ifaif, and I aui forced to come to the conclusion that the gentleman who writes the Anglo- Australian ia behind the scenes at the agent-general's oflice, or that he ir» employed by that ollie'al to pick out items upon which some makeshift despatches can ho written. The resemblance between tho official docu ments and Anglo- Australian's small talk is SO great that either- he or the agent- gfcnera>'s department is guilty of gross plagiarism. Australian youth, as a class, are highly impressionable, and theynre not backward in making the state of their affections known to the beings who have inspired tho great passion. Actresses are subjected t® tho annoyance of being persecuted nightly by having written declarations of ardent ad miration and esteem confided to the care of the theatre door-keeper for safe delivery. A few of the writors indulge in metrical effusions, but the greater portion confine themselves to prose of the most gushing i description, la some fowtaww -o£— passion arooxcooded, and- tho heated. r imagination of tbo .writer carries him into the realms of tlie absurd. One professional lacly not long ago received a letter in which, after the writer had categorically praised her points like a Tattersall enumerating the beau- ties of a horse, he went 011 to proffer constant lovo, atul to threaten instant death if his ' iiffdetion were not returned. Ho told tlio lady that "to hold her wai to hold a jeifel more precious than anything 011 earth, in heaven, or in h — The reference to tho lower regions destroyed all chances of success which his ardent epistle might liavo en gendered, and it wai coniignod to those flames typical of the locality to which ho referred. Just fiincy a new Governor arriving here and not finding his commission awaiting him. Such is the case, howover, with respect to Sir George Bowcn, who is expected to arrive from Now Zealand about tho 20th inst. His commission as Governor was not received by the mail, and tlie members of the Ministry perpetrated a little official burglary and searched tho boxci containing the Now Zealand despatches for tho missing ilocumoht. This w.v. ilono by tho sanction of Mr. Reynolds, a member of tho Now Zealand Cabinet, who had boon dragged from tho quiet of his hotel to give consent for himself and 011 behalf of his absent colleagues that the sanctity of tho official seals should, bo invaded. Tho commission is not to bo found, anil it is expected that this circumstance will delay the arrival of Sir George R jwen, in sticklers for gubernatorial etiquette contend it is no uao his coming without tlio doeumont in question in liis pocket. Tlioro is nothing so terrible in .this delay, and we shall no doubt inanago to survive with only an acting Governor for four or fivo weeks more. The question, however, is whether there is any need for Sir Georgo l'owcn to retard his coining. Tho intimation releasing him from ad ministering the affairs of Now Zealand, and appointing hiui to take charge of those of Vic toria, wliiehbereeeivodBomotimoago.iasuroly sufficient to identify Sir George Bowcn as the well-beloved cousin appointed by our Sovereign. Lady to represent her here. The fate of Australian ministries has turned upon most trivial circuniBtaneos, and tho grounds of votos of want of confidouco liavo been curious indeed. But 110 reason for expelling a government from ofiico was ever bo straugo as that recently given by a visitor to Tasmania. Tho tourist complains that, tho coaeli faro from Lauiieostoii to lEobart Town is extortionate, ' and that lie was wrongly inado to pay 16s. 6d. for the carriftgo of liis luggage by steamer. It is wull known how tho hotol- keopers of tlie Rhine reap a golden harvest from English travellers, and no doubt the Tasmuniann make hay while tho. sunshines, mill receive the visitors from other colonies in a stand and deliver sort of way. The grumblor in this instanco suggests that tho prcsont Tasmanian .ministry should ho ousted, anil one 111010 liboral ap pointed. If this idea wore carried out tho tight little island would revel in a continu ous change of ministries, anil a constant election excitement. However well this might. Buit private interests it would hardly suit Tasmania. 41 though tho Spiritism fever lias of late 'abated, it lias by no' means died out. : Crediility is still rampant, and beliovprs in tho doctrines of Peobles, and of tho Pougli- keopsio seer, continue to give implicit ; crodenco to spirit manifestations. ' Tlio other day a member of tho learned profo3-.- si 011 whom I had always looked upon as tho most steady going anil uiiromantic of men, tolil me ho hail joined tho spiritist ranks, assorting that tlio wonders ho had witnessed had confirmed liirn in the boliof of super natural agencies. Amongst other things lie gravely assarted that while paying a visit to two female friends, who wore also affiliated to the seat, I10 suddenly saw hovoring be tween tho ceiling anil the lloor, like Mahomet's collin, a basket of rare ilowcrs, which slowly descended until it reached a roeting place upon tho tablo. Seeing upon my countenance a look of incredulity, which I could not coucoal, he said that if I doubted his word ho would convince mo By facts, anil invitoil 1110 into liis house to inspect a bouquet which he had culled from tho spirit flowers. I went. Tho llowera were blooming in a vaso of water, and presenting no characteristics different from tlfosc grown by tlio skill of human bauds. In vain I tried to reason witlimyfriond; he constantly echoed facts are stubborn things, aiid giving ' a silent acquiescence to liis axiom, I Bit him to onjoy the pleasures of his imagination. Actors in England have taken a leaf out of tho gasmen and polioemen's book, and have hau recourse to a strike, in order, not to obtain an increase, but to compel tho "ghost to walk" for services performed. At Pres ton, just boforo tho transformation scene of tlio pantomime, the orchestra loft thoir places and tho clown and pantaloon addressed tho audience, stating tnoy hail not boon paid. A promiso being given that tho money taken at tho iloors during tlio evening should bo di- vidutl amongst theartiSts, work was resumed. The terrorism of strike lias beon attempted in Melbourne. One oveningduringtho panto- luimo, in which an elephant formed, a largo portion of attraction, tlie huge boast did not make liis appoarance on tho stage at tlio appointed time. Down rushed tho manager to Inquire the cause, and was told that the elephant'.; right hiiul leg refused to go. On being interrogated that important moans of elephantine locomotion intimated ho would not huilgo unless liis salary was increased by jive shilling-;. The recalcitrant liilld leg Avas ignouiiniously cxpolloil from the theatre, The elephant did not appear that night, anil the idea of strike was nipped in tho bud. ATTIC US. Tho Geelontj Advertiser furnishes an ac count of tlio number of hawks killed by Air. "Miles, tho gamekeeper at Barwon Park, between 1SGU anil 1871 inclusive, viz.:— 1866, 1040 ; 1867, 952 ; 1888, 793 ; 1809, 645 ; 1870, 4S0 ; nnd in 1871, 308, making js total of 4284 hawks shot in six years by .one man. In tho same time about 8001) native cat3 have been killed. 