THE FLEMIKGTON HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. The leap, tbe rise from the springy turf, The rush through the buoyant air, And the light shock landing-the veriest serf Is an emperor then and there." -LINDSAY GORDOX. Sir,-Our meet, last Saturday, was the Maribyrnong-bridge, at the usual nour, 2 p.m. The morning was dull and threateningrain, but fortunately it held up, and one could ,not have desired a better day for hunting. There was about the usual number and of horsemen and buggies, the occupants of the latter anxious, no doubt, to see how the first jump is nego tiated by the " flyers of the hunt." Instead of giving the names of those members present when we threw off, I will reserve "honour able mention " for those who were up at the end. The hounds went away in the paddock above the residence of Mr. Petty, across a plain for about half a mile, when the first obstacle presented itself in the shape of a three-railer, which was cleverly taken by about a dozen, and which would have stopped a good many more had not a top rail given way and let the crowd though. At the next fence .the same thing again oc curred, and then came a succession of stone walls on the banks of the Saltwater River. A turn to the left and a sharp gallop of three miles brought ub to the Mount Alexander Railway fences, into which some half-dozen of the first flight (including Messrs. Wilson, Cowell, Woolier, andGlenister) jumped. There were several spills here, and lots of baulking, tunately for those wlio could not get"across, the hounds , almost immediately came back, and headed for Keilor. This enabled a great many, to get up, and all thoBe who had any intention of going straight were in it. From this point to Keilor the country was good going, and the fenceB moderate. : We came out a utile above the township, and i went up the road a short distance, then into a paddock'on the light, and lor about five or > six miles there .were some five»and-twenty horsemen going straight as crows, each taking his own panel, nor did I notice a rail I broken. The whole of this distance the hounds Worked splendidly, and we ran to view of the deer, which had gradually worked to the right, and was,ultimately run into and killed on the almost perpendicular banks of; the Saltwater River, about eight miles aboye i Keilor. . ? . ? ; ? - ; The following riders were up at the finish,! and may be commended for having gone well J throughout; the line taken being 3.7 or 18 i miles at the.lewjtr- the time about two hours, ffbe master on Kate, Mr. H. Wilson on Dutchman, Mr. CowelL on Canary, Mr. Olenister on Lady Don, Mr. Haimes on i Paddy, Mr. Woolier on Royal Charley, Mr. j Goldepink on Tally-ho, Mr. Collins on Post- j man, Mr. Porter on Cigar, Mr. Bowes on The Monk, and one'or two othfirn whom I I could not learn. SAM'S GHOST; 