THE MARYBOROUGH HANDICAPS. From tlie Gympie Times.) The1 weights for these events were received on Monday night by telegram as follows Publi can's Purse, 2 miles — Wanderer, Sst 12ibs ; Chieftain, Sst lOlbs; Mistake, 7st 91bs. Jockey Club Handicap, nearly 2 miles and three quarters — Wanderer. Sst lOlbs ; Chieftain, Sst lOlbs ; Fishhook, 8st; Mistake, 7st 7 lbs; High land Riary, 6st Bibs. If the Maryborough ? Handicappers had heard the remarks which I were made on their work they would not have ! felt flattered I am sure. Up here there is but ! one opinion, and it is that Mistake has been literally thrown in for both races ; and that, barring .accidents, he will win them easily This horse should have had at least eight oi nine pounds more than has been allotted to him. On the first day of tbe ToowoomVia races, in the Steward's Cup, dis'ance 1.J miles. Mistake (who, up to the date of the altering of the date of the meeting, was a favorite for tbe race) was weighted at 8st, giving Wanderer and Erin 71bs each. He was defeated by th the former, but finished iu front of the latter. He won the Grand Mand Stakes, a weightfor age race, on the second day, beating Viceroy ; and in the Forced Handicap his weight was fixed by the Toowoomba Handicappers at Sst. and Viceroy's (who did not accept) at 7st lOlbs At Warwick, on the first day, Erin finished it: front of Wanderer, giving him 21b=? '. but on the second day, the latter, at even weights, reversed the verdict of the previous day. At the satm meeting, in tbe Consolation Handicap, Viceroy, 7st 121bs, met Erin, 8st 2ibs ; and beat him easily. Then at Dalby, Erin, carrying the came weight as Wanderer, won both handicaps. Now these figures prove that at even weights there is very little to choose between Erin and Wanderer, and that at Warwick Erin was unable to give 41bs to Viceroy. They also 6bow that Mistake is several pounds a better horse than Erin and Viceroy. But the truest index as to Mr. Nolan's horse is the Toowoom ba Forced Handicap, in which he was only weighted a stone below 2anco (who has always defeated Wanderer and Erin at a diffeience of from 14 to 18 pounds) and yet Zanco would not accept. Mistake was third, beating Enca lyptus, giving him 241bs. At Warwick Euca lyptus beat Erin and Wanderer, receiving only 61 bs from each. How, therefore, the Mary borough Solons have come to make out that Wanderer and Chieftain are 171bs and 151bs superior animals to Mistake is perfectly inex plicable. In the Forced Handicap at Gympie, Viceroy was certainly asked to concede 1 libs to -'istake, and what was the result? The big chesnut with all his fine speed never had the ghost of a show for the race. Still better proof of Mistake's capabilities is the fact that in the same Fishhook was weighted at Sst 21bs, three ponnds less than Mistake, and yet Mr. Nolan preferred to accept with the bay horse. In Maryborough Fishhook was to allow Mis take seven pounds in the big event. The only feasible solution that I can give is that the the handicappers in adjusting the weights were carried away by the sympathy they naturally have for Mr. Nolan, an old Maryboroughite. I also notice that no provision is made in tha programme for the winner of the Publican's Purse to carry a penalty on the second day, but I hope that under their rules the (Stewards have power to impose a penalty. If they have not, it is very unfortunate, and it may be taken for ' granted that the winner on the fi-st day will also be the successful horse on the second. O. J. G. 