GLARE PRESBYTERIAN SUN DAY SCHOOL. The anniversary of the Presbyterian Sun day school, Clare, was celebrated on Eaiter Sunday and Monday in the Town Hall. The pastor of the church, the Rev. R. Mitchell, preached three times to good congregations. On Monday there was an excellent tea pro-! Tided, and considering the. inclement state of the weather, there was a fair attendance. | The tea being over, and the hall having been 1 put in order for the public meeting, the children were entertained with a variety of ! views with the magic lantern. The public meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which Mr. Mitchell introduced The lecturer, the Rev. P. McLaren, who said the subject to which he would direct attention was the "Tabernacle of Israel." | There were several diagrams of different .portions of the tabernacle which, were re ferred to in illustration of the subject. The lecturer pointed out the incorrectness of the usual pictures of the tabernacle. The word meant a tent, and the special idea of a tent was a piece of cloth suspended so as to form a shelter from the weather. He showed the picture of this tent of God, with its coverings of goats' hair, mdrocbo leather, and sealskin, as it must have been. A iwooden hut with a flat top of cloth and | skin would not have lasted a year, but the tabernacle stood for 500 years. He showed the enclosing walls of the court—rof linen supported by poles of brass—the position of the brazen altar, and the laver for water in front of the tent, and then showed the I brazen altar of burnt offering. The frame | of the altar was wood, covered with plates of ntetal—not the brass which we used, for this compound of copper and zinc was quite unknown till 800 years ago. The brass of the ancients was a compound of brass and tin, which is now called bronze. In the top of the hollow frame was suspended a cup-shaped grating, as a fire-basket; and the frame and basket were carried by the Levites separately on the removal of the tabernacle from place to place. The fire used was that sent down from heaven in the first instance, and this fire was never suffered to go out. The lecturer then showed the laTer—a large pan of water, made of the mirrors of the women who used to worship at the tent. These mirrors were made of the bronze de scribed above. It stood upon a foot, which must have been a hollow ring of thin bronze, sufficient to raise the water-vessel high enough for use, but separate for convenience of carriage. It should always be borne in mind that all things about the tabernacle were to be carried from place to place on men's shoulders, so that while massive "enough to be lasting, they needed to be light enough to be earned about. The next pic ture was a view of the interior of the tent, with its roof and dividing curtains, its walls of heavily-gilded wood, and the furniture of both its parts. The front room was 30 feet long by 15 feet wide; the inner a cube of 15 feet. In the other there stood the candle stick of gold; this was shown with its lamps lighted. There were seven of these lamps supported' by the stem and its six branches. The weight of the candlestick was a talent—that was, a little more than a hundredweight—of beaten gold. Jfhis proved that beaten gold meant not a mlsfeive block of metal, but a comparatively thin plate, for the candlestick was five feet high, and its spread three and a half feet. The next picture was the table of shewbread, with its sfeveS'f6t carriage, all of-wood; strongly-gilt. Two piles of loaves of unleavened bread (just what we knew as "damper") were placed on this table, and changed on Sab bath morning. The bread removed was to be eaten by the priests only. He then showed the golden altar (made of wood, but covered with gold), on which incense alone was burnt, with coals of fire taken from the altar of burnt offering. The next diagram was a copy of Egyptian pictures of arks used in their religion, the one with the cherubim guarding the emblems of the lights of hea ven. and the other of the carriage of a hoTv ark by the priests *of Isis. The cherubim guarding- holy emblems (here the sun and moon, elsewhere a sacred tree) the lecturer thought was simply an adaptation of the great meeting-place of God and man in the antediluvian world. The cherubim guard ing the self-turning flame of glory at the gate of Paradise, to keep the way of the tree of life, no doubt, afforded to men the pre sence of the Lord from the fall of man to the flood; and it was only four hunched years at most since Noah's sons were living to tell their descendants how God was wont to commune with men. All the early religions had cherubim of one kind or other, and the form of the cherubim as they stood at the gates of Paradise must have been fully known to the Israelites, since no hint was given to Moses how to shape these, while minute directions were given how to make all the other things used in the -worship of God. The holy ark was then shown, a plate of pure gold, to which was solidly united two cherubim, also of gold plate, beaten into shape, not block gold. However light the figures had been (only supposing them strong enough to bear all the risks of carriage and wear for centuries), they must have been a heavy load to be carried on the top of the ark by the priests alone, considering the weight of the chest, of the slabs of stone (on which j were cut by the finger of God the ten com mandments), the pot of manna, and Aaron's rod, the lid of gold (say one-fourth of an inch thick, 50 inches long, and 30 inches | wide), together with the coverings of the ark (the inner veil, a piece of blue cloth 1 and sealskin wrapping over all). Had the figures of the cherubim been of blqck gold as some say, the weight, the four priests j would have had to cany must have been I over two tons. The figures must have been | hollow and as light as possible. The next picture was of the ordinary priest, represented as offering iflcense, and the last was of the high priest in his robes. The lecturer in describing the breast plate of the high priest proved that the Urim and Thumim (which were put into it) were simply the sacred lots, of which Solomon said, "The lot causeth contentions to cease and parteth be tween the mighty." " The lot is cast into the bosom, the whole disposing thereof is of the Lord.' He glanced at the frequent use mad ? of the lot as a most solemn appeal to the Lord for li°;ht and certainty (ana Urim Thumim were just the Hebrew words for light and certainly), and showed that all the examples given of the use of the TJfim and Thumim were consistent with the idea of an appeal to God to guidejyp the lot. The Apostles used the lot so, and some Christians have used it even to our own days. In con clusion, he showed how all things in the tabernacle were types of the Lord Jesus Christ, who was to us the tabernacle which God pitched, and wherein dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily—the ark filled with God's law and God's grace, and maintaining in holiness all God's holy hosts in heaven and earth; the incense altar where our sacrifice of praise was to be offered continually; the table where God feci us with the flesh and blood which gave life; the candlestick with the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, uniting with Himself His many members* in glorifying God and guiding men j the laver where we had the washing of regeneration ^uid renewing of the Holy Ghost, and the altar where the peni tent finds forgiveness and "peace with God. All we needed.w^s found in Him, whom the old types shadowed to Israel, but whom the Gospel showed unveiled to. us, Christ first, Christ last, Christ all. At the close of the lecture, the treasurer, Mr. Both, read the report, which showed 50 scholars on the books. There was a balance in hand from last year of £4, and the Sun day collections, tea, and lecture made a total of £25 towards the school funds. 