LOGAN AND ALBERT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) January 23. THERE is a saying, as old as the hills, that "necessity is the mother of invention," and the present season has taught the farmers in this part of the country that they must make more use of implements for lessening the manual labor on the farm, and invent more also, or else give up the cultivation of cotton. I saw the other day a new plough, which Mr. Henderson, of Kinghorn, has obtained from Scotland. The aim of its inventor had been to lessen the draught by doing away with as much friction as possible, and, to accomplish that, he dispensed with both sole and side plates. There are no handles, but the machine is steered by a front wheel, with a lever reaching behind it, and is borne altogether on wheels, and the makers claim for it that the power required to work it is very much less than for the common two-horse plough. Should this wheel plough answer as it is given out to do, it will indeed be of great service. Many a field is but half tilled owing to the hardness of the soil when the team goes to plough it, and being too weak to do it properly will still pro- ceed, hence inferior crops and a fleece of pes- tering weeds. The price of the above-mentioned tool is not more than our common ploughs and less than some of them. Should Mr. Henderson succeed I suppose our implement makers could supply the article, for there is no doubt many will use them, and so add considerably to their field strength. Along with the plough above referred to, Mr. Henderson has imported what he calls a Norwegian harrow. It is a very effective-looking concern, being on the revolving principle ; and the revolvers, with their rows of teeth, are so constructed as to clear each other. As soon as there is a proper opportunity of giving these implements a fair trial, I shall report the re- sults. Many of our farmers are very anxious to know whether the South Queensland Agricultural Society intends to have a summer show, to give us a chance of exhibiting our big pumpkins and pretty flowers, as they had at Brisbane. They had no doubt a fine appearance, but very few exhibiters names as premium men appear on the roll. We often hear of new industries springing up, and alter a youthful spurt or two they quietly give up the ghost. There is one, how ever, being carried on here which is not exactly new, as it was in existence two years since, but it has grown to much larger dimensions this season. It is, getting the blacks to collect honey and sending the produce to town for sale. Last year a good many casks of honey were col- lected on both rivers, but now much more has been got. I am informed that one farmer on the Albert has five barrels for his share, and there are six or seven others besides him, some of them doing this business on a larger scale. The darkies get £1 for collect- ing a caskful, and their rations of course. It is only safe to pay the case for the honey when it is brought in, and this gives the collec- tors an opportunity of getting gloriously drunk. Now it is almost impossible for any law, how ever stringently carried out, to prevent the blacks from obtaining rum. There are plenty of whites who for a share will get it from the publicans for them, but a knowledge of what drink has done for these poor savages, even during the last ten years, ought to deter any one not as savage as themselves from giving them the means of becoming raving mad. It is not only that several of the miserable creatures have paid with their lives for the being mad drunk, but the grief and sorrow which their beastly passions occasioned in de- cent families. When one thinks of such horrible scenes as an attack by a rampant, beastly, mad-drunk fiend on a helpless white female ; what can he say on behalf of the mean, thoughtless, worse than savage wretch, who, for the profit on a bottle of rum, or a chance of being drunk in such company, pro- cures or gives them drink, knowing what it does for them. There has been enough of rain now for some time; and yet your other correspondents report much heavier falls in many places than we have had here. There has been for a few days very noticeable meteorological, or, rather, atmo- spherical disturbances ; smart gusts of wind and very marked changes in the clouds. Hot sunshine and one or two cold mornings. There are complaints of the worm in the cotton fields, but very partial as yet. The flower falls off, taking the just forming boll with it, and in some cases after the boll is as large as an ordinary rifle bullet. It then has a small hole in it, and the inside of the boll looks as if worm eaten and rotting. The partiality of this afflic- tion to the cotton crops leads us to make closer observation than we have yet done to find out the cause. There are data to guide in the enquiry if it be properly gone about, and infor- mation on the subject from observant cotton growers may lead to a cure being discovered. Want of sunshine, insufficient drainage, thick sowing, nature of the soil, and want of moisture during the early stages of the plant, have each and all been blamed. Probably all are assisting in the production of the worm, bat most of these ills are common, and operate over all, except perhaps counteracted by some other influence. The sugar crops were never looking better at this season of the year; and I have not lately heard of any disease amongst them of any kind but weeds. There has not been so many new selections of homesteads as was at one time expected ; but I see that our pre-emptive right selecting squatters are about to leave their fine stations, and have taken up homesteads for a trial of doing as we farmers do. Will they occupy them? 