POPULAR AMUSEMENTS. To the Editor. SIR—Old maxims are sometimes useful, and I feel thankful for the support afforded me in the adoption of my present course by the familiar truism , that " it is better late than never." A letter appeared in your issue of Dec. 31, for which the writer, who styles himself "Observer," is worthy of our best thanks, inasmuch as he therein directs our attention most opportunely to a subject which is more or less important to every one of us, which is of increasing importance to the inhabitants of this locality, and which, for some time past, has occupied a prominent place in the thoughts and reflections of some of our best men: I refer to the subject of popular amuse- ments. Analysed, the letter of your correspondent consists chiefly of the three following statements, which I heartily endorse:—1, That amusements, legitimate and beneficial in themselves, have become pernicious by reason of their associations ; 2, that the " marked improvement in the conduct of the Moonta Mines Athletic Sports, as contrasted with similar gatherings, was owing to the absence of the publican's booth ; 3, that " the men who will eliminate the elements of mischief from popular amusements, and establish theiu in strict accordance with virtue, will be the benefactors of society." But whilst the letter in question is very good so far as it goes, I believe everyone who feels anxious for such information as will lead him on to a fixed and final opinion upon the subject will think with me, that it does not go far enough. Nor do I propose to supply that information in the following remarks, but simply to lay down one or two preliminary considerations in the hope of stimulating one of your clear-headed and fluent-penned correspondents to discuss the subject cf amusements, in their religious aspects and bearings. The first thing perhaps that requires to be understood to form a correct opinion in this matter is, the nature cf true religion; and I take it that the religion of Jesus Christ is especially a gladsome thing. Christianity comes to us like a queen sparkling with gems and radiant with beauty. No gloom nestles in her bosom: the king's daughter, she is all glorious within. No bandage is upon her eyes—they are open wide to admire the crimson loveliness of the bursting- rosebud, the silveiy spray of the rock-chafed waves, and the light of burning stars. In one hand she offers us length of days : in the other riches and honours. The threefold testimony of David, Solomon, and Paul will suffice upon this point—" Happy is the jjeople that is in such a case; yea, happy is that people whose God is the Lord." Psii. cxliv, 3 5. •* Her ways are ways cf pleasantness, and all her paths arc, peace." Prov. iii, 17. "The Kingdom of God is not meat aud drink : but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Romans xiy, 17. Time was, indeed, when clieerfuln«?ss and hilarity were thought almost incompatible with religion. Long faces, uncomely garments, and woe-begone experiences wore much in fashion. Excuses might perltaps be made even for such mistakes, but it is pleasing to note that most Christians now-a-days understand -that true piety is " cheerful as the day," or as a clever writer, De Witt Talmaga, has expressed it, " The best boy I ever knew, before he went to heaven, could strike a ball till it soared out of sight, and in the race as far as you could see, you would find tin red tiutx't coming out ahead. Look out fur the bov wiio never has the fingers of a good laugh tickle him under the dianhram. The most solemn looking inule in our place has kicked to pieces live dash hoards." " Religion never was designed^ To make our pleasures less." The next point has reference to the •j i'crssitij of avivseimuitsf, a thing which, J believe, most religionists will readily tulniit. Nature around us teaches this. J littens, whirling round in the exciting chase after their own tails ; new-born htinbs asserting their existence in a thousand and one freaks upon the grassy slope ; and the little shrimps jumping like mad along the beach ; these are all acting in conformity to the instincts with which the Creator Las enriched their life. The Christian •Sabbath bears its witness to the same truth. One great reason of its existence is no doubt to be found in the necessities of man's physical nature. It is a weekly chance for our latent power to exert itself; or as some would say, for us to recuperate our strength. Hatureimpemtively demands recreation —it is a necessity. You cannot keep your nose for ever to the grindstone. The bow must sometimes be unstrung. Time is not wasted which if-; used is sharpening tools. Elastic which in always on the stretch, is soon wasted and worn out. Our age indeed can .scarcely be regarded as in danger in this point, for Utile men (under the teaching of sucli gifted authors as Charles Ivingsley and other leaders of thought) are fast becoming a reproach : the one great theme of " bod}' culture," which comes out in speech and lecture, and sermon and novel alike, threatens to sweep the Lilliputians off the face of the earth, and supersede them by a race whose representatives are found in Tom Tlnirna.ll, Ainvas Leigh, and Here ward the Wake. This long sentence warns me that it is time to conclude. So thankfully leaving the subject in abler hands, I am, Sir, tfce., IOTA. 