MISCELLANY. Fancy Bread.—A roll of the eye. Not a Miss.—A rich, handsome widow. Board of Education.—The black-board. A Rising Man.—A balloonist. Flat Falsehood.—Lying on your back. Why are old maids odd '—Because they are unmatched. A schoolboy says it is better to pursue pleasure than to " catch it." What mechanic's tool does a cabman most resemble 7—A screw-driver. A First-class Life Policy.—Keep out of debt. "Transported" for Life.—The man who marries happily. What None of us ever Drank From.— The tap of the drum. Too Full for Utterance.—The boy who filled his mouth with hot baked apple. What is the difference between a good con fidence and a brawler 7—One feels in the right, and the other reels in the fight. It is a wonder scarf-pins don't get sea-sick —they often have to ride on the bosom of such heavy swells. In San Francisco hangs the sign of a Chinese washerman, which reads thus:—" Washing and Ironing, by Wa Shing." Largest Species.—"Mamma, do you know what the largest species of ants are? You shake your head. Well, I'll tell you. They're elcph-ants." Rousing.—A shrill old lady, whenever she loses her scissors, rouses the whole family with, " Where's them shears appeared to 7" "See Naples and die," says an Italian proverb. "I saw it," says an American traveller, "and survived; but it was a narrow squeak, for the Stench of it nearly kiiled me." A Milk Factory.— Jfemphis (U.S.) claims that she is going to have a " milk factory." It is situ ated at the junction of the Mississippi River and a chalk cliff. "Decade" Jokes.—Somebody mentioned the other day something about jokes that are 10 years old, whereat a party inquired whether such were decide jokes. Devotion.—Here is a gem found in the letter of a young lover :—" Dearest love, I have swal lowed the postage stamp which was on your letter, because I knew that your lips bad touched it." An editor asserts that his ancestors have been in the habit of living a hundred years. His opponent responds by saying that " that was before the introduction of capital punishment." Switchy.—The following is an Irish adver tisement verbatim:—"To be sold, a splendid grey horse, calculated for a charger, or would carry a lady with a switch tail." Personal.—A country paper has this deli cate personal item:—"Those who know nice old Mr. Wilson, of thi6 place, personally, will regret to hear that he was assaulted in a brutal manner last week, but was not killed." New Means of Livelihood.—There is a man in one of the suburbs who supports his family in handsome style by simply tying an able-bodied cat by the tail to a clothes-line every night, and then going out in the morning to oollect the soap, shaving cups, brushes, &c.;, thrown into the yard by angry dwellers in adjoining houses. Not to be Hung.—In Arkansas a man was sentenced to be hanged, but all the carpenters in the neighbourhood refused to build the scaffold. As the condemned man was himself a carpenter by trade, the sheriff tried to induoe him to put up the gallows; but he steadfastly declared he'd be hanged if he did!— American paper. A Californian paper tells of an occurrence which exhibits the ferocity of an officeholder equal to that of a shark. He says that a gentleman brought to a certain city a mummy which he had procured in Egypt, and as soon as the coroner heard of it he sum moned a jury and held an inquest upon the mummy, and decided that its "Death was produced by causes unknown." To the Point.—A Scotch paper gives one of the best specimens of "popping the question" we have seen for 6ome time. Jean, the mala of all work in a Galloway farm kitchen, is making the " porritch," when Jock, the farm servant, enters, and, throwing himself wearily on the bench, the following colloquy ensues" Jean!" "Weel, Jock?" "I think Til many ye, Jean." "Man, Jock," replies the damsel, "I wud be muckle obliged to ye if ye would!" and thus the bargain is ended. Consolation for Unmusioal People.— From Athol, Massachusetts, we hear of a good Metho dist parson, somewhat eccentric, and an excellent singer. Sunday after Sunday his rich voioe came from the pulpit " with the spirit and the understanding." Not bo at the other end of the church, where, with abundance of spirit,'there was lamentable lack of the other virtue. In fact the singing was simply execrable. The goed brother finally could endure it no longtajtuid exclaimed, "Brothers aud sisters, I wMh those of you who can't sing: would wait until you get to the celestial regions before you try." The hint a success.— Harper's Magazine. Be Bold, be Bold, and evermore be Bold. —That which should be glorified in art, and all creations of the mind are comprehended in the word, is, above aU, courage. To muse, to dream, to invent beautiful works, is a delicious occupation,—it is to smoke enchanted cigars. But unless the artist throws himself headlong into his work, like Curtius into the gulf, without stopping to think ; if he contemplates difficulties instead of conquering them, one by one, like the lovers hi the fairy tales (who to win their princesses have to combat ever-renewed enchant ments), the work will remain unfinished, it will perish in a corner of the studio, where production will be come impossible, and the artist will assist at the suicide of his own talent.—Balzac. Judge Powell and the Ghost.—The judge was a most strenuous opponent of the superstitious belief in apparitions, although Dr. Fowler, the then Bishop of Gloucester, was not only a belicvor in, but wrote several works in defence of, the existence of ghosts upon earth. Judge Powell was a great antago nist of the bishop's, and once attempted, by the fol lowing witty device, to convince him of his error. The judge purposely paid the bishop an early morning visit at his palace, when the annexed conversation 1 occurred. "Since I saw you," said the Judge, "I have • had ocular demonstration of the existence of nocturnal apparitions." Bishop—"I am glad you are beoome a convert to the truth; but do you say actual ocular demonstration ? Let me know the particulars of the story." Judge—"My lord, 1 wilL It was—let me see —last Thursday night, between the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, but nearer the latter than the former, as I lay sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by mi unoommon noise, and heard something coming up stairs and stalking directly towards my room. The door flying open, I drew back my bed-curtain, and saw a faint glimmering light enter my bed-chamber." Bishop—" Of a faint colour, no doubt?" Judge— " The light was of a pale blue, my lord bishop; and then followed a tall, meagre personage, his locks hoary with age, and clothed with a long loose gown, a leathern girdle about his loins, his beard thick and grimly, a large fur cap on his head, and a long staff in his hand. Struck with astonishment, I remained some time quite motionless and silent. The figure advanced, staring me full in the face. I then said, ' Whence and what art thou f " Bishop—" What was the answer— tell me, what was the answer ?' Judge—" The follow ing was the answer I received' I am a watchman of the night, an't please your honour, and make bold to come upstairs to inform the family of their street door being open, and that, if it were not soon shut, they would probably be robbed before morning.'" The Crown Prince of Pfiussia.—Frederick William, Crown Prince of Prussia, was born in October, 1831\. His youth was guided by a watchful, careful mother, now Queen Augusta, under whom he received an excellent education. He inherited from his father strength of mind and will, and from his mother brightness of intellect and a high regard for, and interest in, the arts and sciences. In his youth his openness of character, unassuming simplicity, earnest manner, and thirst for knowledge, gained for him while a school-boy at Bonn the love and esteem of his professors and. fellow-students. .He began his military life in the lower grades, serving as a captain of infantry with his company. Upon his marriage to the Princess Royal of England he at once gathered about him the most eminent savants of all professions, and although twenty-seven years of age, did not relax his studies, but devoted a portion of each day to books and free social intercourse with the learned men who composed his household. Science, politics, and military studies received at this time full and careful attention, Moltke being his instructor in the latter. His life remaiued purely domestic and scholarly up to the war with Denmark, when he applied for active sendee, which was given him in a secondary position, as no one dreamed that he was suited to a high command. In fact, his life hadbeeusoentirelvdomestic as to give him no opportunity to display military aptitude. In thiswarhe won the devotion of the entire army by his humane character and fidelity to duty. Still, a large military command was never thought of for him ; and not until KBniggratz, in 1886, aid he attract attention as a military genius. I have reason to know that the movement which at that battle brought his troops to the right spot at the right time was greatly due to his own suggestions and efforts. From that time his reputation has steadily increased ;" and though entirely subordinate to General Moltke, he is considered a general of the first order of ability. At the beginning of the present war, he was assigned to the command of the Third Army Corps, made up of the contingents of the South German States, which has so nobly followed him in nearly all the great en gagements. EUs expressions of sympathy for the suffering, and regret at the stern necessities of his duty, have reached the hearts of good people, while his simplicity and courtesy gain the esteem and con fidence of all who meet him. His face is that of the highest type of the cultivated European, and speaks of good-breeding, phyBlcial health, happiness, and honesty. There is not a trace of the generally ac cepted German (ace in it. At his table, the excellent custom of never repeating the wine is followed. What is suitable and ample is on the table when the party sits down, and none is added afterwards.—"The War," . by Major General Haren, U.S.A. 