ADVENTURE WITH A PANTHER. I As some of your readers may like to read the following adventure, I tend you an extract from my diary, dated 29th March, 1873 :-" Mr. W. Culbard, of tho Burn Brao tea estate, having somo business to transact at tho Palum poor TehEcc, rode over, and whilst thero a report carno in that a largo panther nadmttacked and wounded a grass- cutter near the village of Googur. Culbnrd immediately gnllopped over to givo mo tho nows. I hastily finished my brcakiast. and both being armed, wo started for tho place whoie tho animal had been marked down. Wo loft our horses on tho Kangra and Dhurumsala road, cloao to Googur, and pioccedcd through tho staneling com (villagers' houses* being dotted about here and thoro) till wo enmc to a plnco where a dense crowd were assembled. We inquired from tho scouts whero the panther was then supposed to be, and thoy indicated an irregular tort of hedge with tall rced-Kko grasa growing up on both sides of it, forming a very close cover. This hedge divided two cornfields, and tharo woro housos some distnnco to our front and beyond the hodge. Being ignor- ant of the preciso locale of the bruto, wo agreed to toko opposite sides. As soon as Culbard had taken up his posi- tion, I inquired fioin a man behind me if he could distin- guish anything (because a native perched on a tree declared ho saw tho panther ciouching down in tho grass) ; ho answered he thought ho could seo him,/and attempted to point out tho spot to mo. I looked, but could make nothing out clearly ; and while I was wondering if tho animal could possibly be thoro or not, out ho rushed from this identical spot, and with a great roar and o wonderful spring, carno flying through tho air straight at mo. Curious though it may seem, tho uppermost sensation in my mind was that of admiration for tho extremo beauty and grandeur of his appearanco (ho was indeed a handsome brute) ; this feeling was of course only a momentary one, for tho next instantno was on tho top of mo. I had no time to bring my riflo to the shouldor, but took a hasty snap eliot when ho was in mid-air, and about ten feet distant from mc. I fancied at the time that this shot had entered his chest, but found subsequently it had penetrated his nose and, glancing off his upper jaw, had slightly wounded the left forefoot. I then experienced the pleasant sensation of a stunning blow on tho crown and side of my head, with streams of blood pouring down over my face, filling my eyes and blinding me. Ho did not quite knock me over, because I had instinctively taken the precaution of standing sideways to him, with my logs wido apart; but the fact of his great weight, together withthis holding on by his claws to tho top of my head and back, caused my bend to bo pulled downwards ; so I gave a great heave, and, with tho barrel of my riflo grasped in my left hand, gavo him a thundering blow on the sido of his head and neck, and also administered a tidy ono with my right fist, which had the effect of knocking him over and of righting myself. Ho lecovercd himself, and dashed away at a hand gallop through tho standing wheat. I tastily wiped the blood away from my oyes to enable me to seo a little, re-loaded, and followed him up sharp ; for, notwithstanding tho cntreatioe of the natives to go at onco to the dispensary and" get pit« to rights, it waa not likely that, after the mauling ho had given me, I should let tho brufo escape. When ho was about soventy yards distant, I saw Culbard running up and aimiug at him ; but I begged him not to Aro, becauso the panthor waa tail on and merely tho top of his bock was visiblo abovo tho corn, so that a shot in that position was not likely to take fatal effect, but would probably have mado him more " ugly " as tho Yunkecs say. Culbaid, however, tired, hut without effect. I followed him up, and somo natives standing outside a house told mo thoy had seen the panther pass into a dry nullah ; believing this I stepped out more freely, and had the pleasure of almost walking on the top of him, as ho was lying crouched in tho wheat with his head straight towards me, tail wagging violently, and eyes glaring savagely. To step quickly back and give him a snap shot in tho head was the work of a momonfc-and none too soon cither, as he was in tho act of springing on me, his hind legs being almost off the ground at the instant I fired. Ho at once collapsed, giving ono short, sharp grew], and turned over on his side. Allowing a slight ptuse to elapse, I approached and found him to oo quite doad. The lost bullet had hit him in tho centre of tho forehead abovo the eyes, passing through his brain and longitudi- nally down the length of his neck, through the heart and out at the centro of his stomach. A man then rushed up with a long flaming piece of wood to perform the last toilet I warned him, howevcr¡ to dcBist from this delicate attention, as I had no fear of his ghost haunting me. Having ob- tained six men to carry him in, and to take care that none of his claws were stolen, Culbard and I rode slowly to tho Palumporo hospital where I had my wounds dressed, be- causo I felt a little faint from the great .loss of blood. It was uncommonly lucky that we como up with him so quickly, snd bagged him as wo did, for he evidently meant mischief (which was shown by his attacking tho unfortu- nate grass-cutter in so unprovoked a way), and would certainly have killed some man or animal that evening as it was a populous village, and ho was lying cn cachette right in the middle of it. Ho was a very handsome, full-grown male panther, with a dark skin beautifully marked with pretty rosette-shaped rings. It was great fun to boo all the people skedaddle when he was on top of me. A Brahman tola me afterwards that there was now no longer any reason to doubt my having a bahut atcha ktemut. ? Altogether it was a very 'satisfactory half-hour's bit of sport. -Cor- respondent of tho Indian Pioneer. , A GwiL who manies well is said to make a lucky hit, though she is herself said to be a lucky miss. Okhxbal Drapery, Perfumery, Feather*, Damaged Goods, &o.;, for Unreserved Sale.-Chas. Moore and Co. reqneit us to call tho attention of warehousemen, drapers, and others to their unre- served clearing sale of a large assortment ef gooda ox late arrivals, at their Sale Booms, 107, Pttt-etreeet, tali day, at 11 o'clock.-ADV. 