MEMORIAL-STONE LAYING AT MALLALA. A novel ceremony in connection with the laying of the memorial-stone of a sacred edifice was--performed on Tuesday, -November 18, at Mallala. At 3 o'clock traps might be seen approaching from the whole of the eight roads which join together in the centre of the township with , numerous occupants of both sexes dressed in holiday attire, i The land on which the chapel is to be erected : is a very nice level site fronting two of the main roads. The building is to face the road leading through Dublin Area to Port Wakefield.. The site has a frontage of 259 links to this road, and 220\. links to the one leading to Port Dublin or Dublin Bay. - It was presented.by Mr. J. Jeffries. A little delay being caused by having to prepare the four corners of the building, it was nearly -4 o'clock when the Rev. J. S. Wayland announced that all was ready, and that the trustees had followed a practice very prevalent in the mother-country of inviting four persons to lay memorial stones—one at each corner. It was'the first time it'had been carried out in this c6lony, but doubtless if it answered well'it. Would not be the last. He then gave out the 609th hymn, the Rev. A. W. Wellington read a portion of Scripture, and Rev. S. Gray engaged in prayer. The first stone was then laid by Miss Jeffries, daughter of the donor of the land, the other stone being laid by the Misses Moody, Secopab, and Temby. The Rev. J. S. Wayland briefly explained the doctrines held by Primitive Methodists, and which would be faithfully expounded within the chapel about to be erected. Subscriptions were received amounting to £17 4s. 6d. The Rev. J. S. Wayland, on behalf of the. trustees, presented each of the young laddies with a handsomely-bound Bible and Hymnbook. Bottles were placed in cavities under the stones containing the Register and Advertiser of that day's issue, the last publication of the Primitive MetJvodUt News, a few other papers, and a document, of "which the following is a copy:— " To whomsoever it may interest. The memorial - stones in connection with the erection of this place of worship were laid by Misses Jeffries, Moody, Secomb, and Temby on the 18th day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, being the thirty- sixth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., being the Governor-in- Chief in and over this province of South Australia and its dependencies; James Stuart Wayland and Arthur Welleslley Wellington being the ministers of this, the Two Wells Circuit, Henry Secomb, sen., being the Circuit Steward, and Messrs. Thomas Bartlett, John Jeffries, Edward McHugh, John Forbes, John Attray Jeffries, Matthew Adams, and Christopher Temby, sen., the trustees of the said Mallala Primitive Methodist ChapeL In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, this undertaking is this day publicly commenced." . The tea was laid in Mr. H. Warren's large wheat store, kindly lent for the occasion, and was tastefully decorated. About 200 persons sat down. The public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. S. Moody, J.P, The meeting opened by singing the hymn commencing " Zion stands with hills surrounded," the Rev. J. S. Wayland engaging in'prayer. Excellent addresses were delivered by the Chairman, Messrs. W. Darnels, Revs. Wayland, Wellington, and Gray, interspersed by the choir singing "The field is the world," "The portals of mercy," and "Poland," Mrs. Pithouse, of Salisbury, very efficiettly presiding at the harmonium. Collections were made, and the usual votes of thanks passed. The proceeds of the day's collection amounted to £-34. ACCIDENT.—On Thursday evening, November 20, Mr. William Treleaven, formerly a member of the firm of Bradley, Treleaven, & Co., but now Manager and Collector in the North for the South Australian Carrying Company, was received into the Adelaide Hospital suffering from a broken leg, the result of a vehicle mishap on the previous evening. It appears Mr. Treleaven, in company with Mr. Henry Hill and Mi a . Cunningham, a gentleman from Melbourne, was driving from Farrell's Flat to Clare, when going down hill the britching-strap bioke, whereupon the horse took fright and bolted. The two last-named gentlemen were thrown out and escaped with some rather nasty bruises, but Mr. Treleaven jumped from the trap and sustained the injury above-mentioned. Mr. Hill was fortunately able to get to Clare with the horse and trap, and another conveyance was immediately sent to the sufferer, who was brought into the township and attended to by Dr. Bain. He reached Adelaide by the Thursday afternoon train, and is now progressing favourably. GOOD TEMPLARS.—The usual Lodge meeting of the Templars' Hope Lodge was held on Wednesday evening, November 20, in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. Bro. G. W. Cble, Lodge Deputy and P.G.W.C.T., installed the following officers:—Bro. M. March, W.C.T.; Bj-o. Whitehead, W.V.T.; Bro. J. Gunn, W.M.; Btro. P. A. Howc-lls, W.S.; Bro. Bendall, W.C.; Bro. Crawford, W.I.G.; Bro. Dawe, W.O.G.; Bro. Mason, WJH.H.S.; Bro. Darke, W.L.H.S. Two. candidates were initiated and ten proposed for membership. The following resolution was pksfed:—"That this Lodge admires the spirit of loyalty displayed by the Prince Albert Lodge, No. 10 to the Grand Lodge of June 2." (THE BUERA RACES.—Elsewhere appears the programme of the above sports, which will, extend over two days, commencing on New Year's Day. 