' ' OF " ...v : THE PULPIT. This column Is entirely supplied by eorrespondcntB, and evory communication we rceolvo on Monday morn- luge upon tiro au-'Joct has its pllco here. At ChriBt Church, Bmnswiok, yostorday, morning, the Protostant Bishop of Mol- bourne delivered an impressive addross on confirmation. Ho observed that tho rite was not oraatnea by (Jurist, ana could not bo traced to any divino command, but was derived from the praotico and example of the Apostles. Although ho, ,Dr..'Peiry, could givo no peculiar giftB, beyond tho episcopal benediotion, yet the rite was performed nndor tho guidance of tho Holy Spirit ; and those who refused to bo confirmed, renounced their baptismal privileges, and were not disciples of Christ, nor children of Ood, nor inheritors of the Kingdom, of Hoaven. By baptism and confirmation (hey received tho new birth ; and had thereby beoomo of the samo mind with Christ. So that, having suffered in the JloBh, they had ceased from sin, as Peter Baith. Consequently they would live to tho will of God. Noverth'o- less a child of Ood might sin, bnt would ropent and receivo forgiveness through the mediation of our Lord Jems Christ. He hoped and believod that those who were about to bo confirmed would believe and do everything that had been promised for tbcm at their baptism ; while the Church, on her part, gave them tho assurance that they had been " regenerated aud all iheir sins for given. " Of many porsons who had "been confirmed, he was constrained to say that it had bad no oflfeot upon them whatever ; and therefore ho affoctionatoly exhorted his yonng friends to overoomo tho world, to crucify the fiosh, to resist the idevi, and to advance towards the perfection of Jesus ChriBt. Between fifty and sixty hoys and girls were confirmed in the presence of an unnsually large aongrcgation. I At St. Peter's Church, yesterday, tho rov. Mr, Bromby, jnn., preached a clear and lucid, sermon from Galatiana vi , 2 : — "Bear ye ono another's burdens, and so fulfil tho law of Christ." Lot our- evory though), said the proaoher, be how ban we lighten! tho world from tho sin whioh at present weighs so heavily upon it ? Our prayers are ever for self ; it is a hard saying, but nerorthcless true, the prayers we put up are always for our own sins, and never for othq-s. Even wbon in cburoh, repeating our , beautiful service, how hollow are the supplications ! They are all for self. Tho choral portion of the performance at this church is, Is a rule, very good, but a little more rehmrsing is required for the responBiug portion It was distracting to hear a fino bass voice loudly asking Good Lord to deliver him, when, ac cording to the printed book, he! should have been perfectly silent. With j;ho ex ception of this small contretemps, the service was rendered most perfectly. J A sermon was delivered on Snniay at Trinity Churob, East Melbourne, by tie Rev. J. P. C. AH nut t, taking his text from John vi. C3— " It is the Spirit that quickdseth. ' Human nature had bccomo nothing but dark ness and death. Our stato by Datum was simply a stato of death. - The greateit and noblest handiwork had been spoiled by the malice of Satan. The understanding was darkened, the will perverse and crooked, the thoughts corrupt. This world was full of dead souls. He heard a great deal at times about the impossibility of Christianising the aborigines of this colony. Of course it was impossible for man to do this, but with liod all things are possible ; and, indoed, sojfar as the mission to the blacks was concerted, as an eye- witness he was able to Bay tho difficulties were fast melting away, flhe aborigines of the Western District possessed all the machinery of a Christian parish. !A collection in aid of the Aborigines' Mission was then taken up. 1 At the WeBloyan Church, Hotham, Mr. Baldwin preached in the morning froh Romans iii. 3 — " For what if some did nit believe i Shall their unbelief make tho faita of God without effect Some were trying to undermine the doctrine of eternal punishj ment, but if this dootrino be done away witli, thon of necessity all hope of eternal joyl felicity, and happiness must go too ; for if there was to be no eternal misery for the lost, tbero could bo no eternal happiness for the saved. Howover, no matter whether theao doctrines wore behind or not, the rojeotion or acceptance of them would not quench the flames of tho bottomless pit. In tho forenoon, at St. Jade's, Carlton, tho inoumbent said that special sorvioes for prayer were to bo held eaah Monday morning. Tho Scripture said that if any two agreed touch ing anything they should ask it would be granted ; much more, then, if a majority of the Church could agree to do the same, grand resultB might be anticipated, and indeed nothing could be denied them. They were first to pray for the olergy, then tho laity, and then for the heathen. A letter from tho Bishop was road, concluding with these wordB in reference to the incumbent's project — " I also will offer up my private supplications at tho throne of grace for your suocess. Your brothor in Christ, C. Melbourne," which was considered most encouraging. At nino a m. a confirmation was held at St. Patrick's, whioh attracted a largo congre gation to that magnificent cathedral. The Bishop, ossistod by an imposing staff of tho clergy, officiated at tho altar. The reoipients of this solemn rite wore very numerous, and the young ladies were dressed in becoming ostnmes of pure white, to represent tho purity conferred upon them by tho touch aud invocation of the vonerablo prelate. The proceedings wore watched throughout with tho most rapt attention by the devout listeners, and the grand strains of tho_ old composers which pealed from the curtained choir lent additional attraction to ono of tho most solemn and interesting ceremonies of the anoieut Churob. At tho Collins street Baptist Church the Rov. James Martin, B.A., preaobed in ho evening from Psalms iii. 1 — "The fool hath said in his heart there is no God." The preacher remarked there is a great differ ence between what a man may say and what he really means. An Atheist may say there is no God from a varioty of causes, and bo honest withal, for a man, by infirmity montal disease, or beoanse evidenco had not been given to satisfy his mind, may be un able to see that God exists. The "fool" is ono who knows that God is, and yet says " there is no God." Sin is not only a orimo, but a gigantio blunder, and mill of God griuds slowly but surely. At tho West Molbourno Presbyterian Ohuroh tho Rsv. A. Robortson preached lost evoniug, from Matthew xxii. 42 — "What think yo of Ohiist?" The rov. gentleman said that no ono had ever occupied the thought of tho world to such an extent as Christ ; none had ever hold so high a placo as Ho bad dono in tho affections of men from tho beginning to the present timo, and nono oould over usurp these places. Christ would oontinuo to occupy thorn through agos yot to come. Mr. Robortson was evi dently suffering from a severe cold, yot notwithstanding ho throw into his diseourso a considerable amount of that pulpit eloou- tion which places him in tho front rank of our saorcd orators. ; At tho Holy Apostolic Churob, Carlton, in the evening, a diseourso was delivered ou Revelation. The preaohor stated that by ircarnution God booamo . eternally man. Though remaining infinite, ho beoaino finite ; although illimitnblo, ho underwent limita tion. Nevertheless, Christ had said that His dootrino tvaB not His otvu but His Father's, who had sent Him. Vot His disciples un derstood Him not, for almost tho last words He said were " O fools, and slow of hoart to believe all that the prophets have spoken." With respect to tho resurrection of Christ, tho preacher contended that tho physical body had rison from tho sepulchre ; but had nndorgouo some inexplicable change, in virtue of whioh it beoame a spiritual body. Shpao who' believo in Christ aro born again. '. Eaoh rooeivos immortality,' although they arc iipt made incarnations of deity. -The Holy Ghost had not- been- given to man before Christ came; and therefore the statement that the Gospel was preached to Abraham must bo incorreot. Eternal life oould not be got out of the Bible. .That was our blundering which made us think so. God's revelation must be looked for within oaoh of us, and if it is not there, we cannot got it from the Bible, whioh is not a revelation, but the record of a revolution. If wo only keop Christ's com mandinents, God, iB revealed in evory man and woman' in tho Christian Church, whioh is tho body of Christ ; and when this is tho casa, wo aro in that state in which we can know all things, the present being the time at whioh all are being taught of God, A short account of tho service at , All Saints' Church, Eatt St. Kilda, last Sunday morniDg, will doubtless be interesting to many readers. At eleven tho ohoir, num bering about twonty- fivo men and boys (all surplioed), entered in procession from tho vestry, followed by tho incumbent of the parish, the Rev. J. H. Gregory. The. effici ency of this choir is duo in tho main to tho zoal and care of tho ohoir master and or ganist, Mr. J. A. Edwards, who ccsupies t very high plaoo in tho ranks of our amateur organists. Tho Bervico commenced as usnal with a Bbort voluntary. Tho Yenite vrat sung to a simplo but effeotive ohant by Hopkins, and the two Psalms of the day were taken respectively to chants by HenUy nnd .Tones, and wero carefully rendered. The Psalms are chantod antiphnnally, and the care with which they wero given yesterday morning is sufficient evidence of diligont and regular praotico, The To Doum U6cd was the well-known service by Clarke Whitfield, and the manner in whioh it was ..sung was very creditable both to orgauis'B-nd <h>ir. Nevertheless one cannot help thinking that it is a mistake to make a habit of singiug tho? e florid services in parish ohurehes( and that it would be far bettor to reserve them for special occasions, and not to bring thr-m into such frequent uso as thoy are. At All Saints' Church tho Bunedictus was taken to a very petty chant by Attwood, and the simplicity of this canticle so given con trasted 'avorably with tho florid servioa to tho To Deum. The sermon was preached by tho rev. tho inoumbent, who took for his text II. Cor. vi. 8-10 (part of the seooud lesson for tho day). This sermon was, as all the Eermons of the Rev. Mr. Gregory aro, short and practioal. Tie most noticeable features in Mr. Gregory's stylo are, that ho always speaks to tho point, making it at onoo clear what bo is aiming at ; that every ono of his sermons teoms with good advice and timely hints to his hearers. If any ono of Mr. Gregory's, congregation leavo tho church without doriving benefit from the sermon bo has heard, the fault lies entirely with him self, aud this is a groat deal more than can be said of many -sermons. The offertory and cono'uding voluntary wore played in that corroot and masterly style for whioh Mr. Edwards is celobrated. ' At Trinity Churoh, Williamstown, the Dean of Melbonrno preached morning and evening to vory attentive congregations, the collections being in aid of the Ministers' Stipend Augmentation Fund. Tho rov. gentleman said he did not consider tbo arrangamonte connected with tho fund had been eatisfaotory. He alluded to tho great want of micieters in the country districts, a number being forced to leavo their charges on account of not obtaining sufficient remu neration. Tho clergyman, ho said, is a mau, and has tho foelings of a man, and I ask you what man is there amongst us who would see bis children starving ? Whilst I have no sympathy for the man who turns hack from religion, I think of tie number of poor clergymen's wives who have suffered from thia very cause. Last year there were nino clergymen left their districts; whilst very few came into the work. Sixteen congrega tions are wanting clergymen. There is no self, deoinl whatever in giving after the manner in which the peoplo of Victoria give to church collections. They have not yet learned how to givo to the cause of religion. It is tho duty of every clergyman to make known the common responsibilities, and remind his congregation of the wants of the ohurch. The Presbytorians have made a resolution that nono of their ministers shall receivo Ie3s than .£300 per annum, hut in the Church of Eoglnnd there aro forty-seven receiving less than that sum. One minister receives only £114, and two receive less than £150. Our correspondent adds : — "The Dean is ono of the beat preachers in the ranks of tho Church of England, his style being a marked coutrust to somo of the others." The Rev. A. Robertson preaohed in the Presbyterian Churob, West Melbourne, yestorilay morning from Genesis ii. 15, 16, 17\. Some persons, he remarked, snoeringly thought that it was not very wrong of our first parents to eat tho fruit, bub the com. inand was glvon as a tost, and the simpler 'the test the higher tho obedience. I At St. Mary's (R.C.) Church, EastSt Kild j;he Rov. Father Corbett preached yesterday morning. It being the Festival of tho Holy dross, the saino was selected as the subject of the diseourso. He said it was a gross mis- tiko to suppose that Catholies worshipped tie artsa; but thoy did reverenoe it. The Saviour, who d'ed on this cross, suffered not oriy for the salvation of Catholics, but for tha redemption of tho wholo world, and Christians should ovor strive by kindness, lot, and holy living to bring all who differed frcm them into the one true Catholic church, so that in the end there might be one fold and one shepherd. Anniversary services took plaoo yeatarday, in jounection with the Victoria Parado Con gregational Sunday SchoolB. In ths morn ing | the Rev. S. C. leant preached from Gemsis xxxix. 2 — "The Lord was with Josqrh." In tho afternoon, special addresses to children were delivered by the Rev. James MarSn and the pastor of tbo churcb. In the evening Mr. Kent preached from Acts viii 30 and 1— "Undorstandeat thou what thou readest ?" Collections wero mads in aid of the Sunday Schools, whioh were liberally reapo'jded to. The churoh at each service was a-owded. At! tho Clarendon street Presbyterian Churjh, Emerald Hill, the Rev. Mr. Darling preoeaod from Luko xvii. 21 — "Neither Rhall Ihey say, Lo ! hero, or Lo ! there ; for, briioll, i In kingdom of God is within you ! " There is an almost univorsal search for humat happiness, but the largo majority of 'people are constantly seeking it outside of themsdves, in somo unknown region whoso greatnss and splendor aro magnified just in proportion to one's ignoranoo. " Lo hero 1" and " ,o there ! " aro tho taiismanie symbols oharacttristio of the restless spirit of man in all agos,1 now blindly groping after a grimly doubtful happiness in a painful mortification of the iltsh, now running riot in ull tho wan tonness of sousual enjoyment, now com- placentlj hugging itself in tho hypocrisy of onforcedjand puritanical observances. The preachorearnestly cxhortol his hearers to soarcli into tho depths of thoir own hearts, iu a prntorful lifu of useful aud ennobling work to ly,k for "tho kingdom," to lose no opportunity of doing good to thoir fcllow- oreaturFs,Cnow nnd hero. He forcibly re- mintled tlom that in a wida and humane sons ) ehnjity begins at home, with the physical ahd spiritual destitution of their animodiatol neighborhood. Tho claims of Hospital iirndny upon the open-handed :bonovolcne« of the peoplo appropriately fol lowed a discourse wbioh had tho somewhat isingular meit of lioing short, to tho point, 'and delivered without reforenoo to any writton. papur. The Rev. Ilr. Hnyward preached in tho jWesloyan Cntrch, Brunswick street, yester day morniug from John i. 12 — " But as (many as reolived Him, to.' them gave he powor to bec|mo tho sons of God." Nono could receive Christ unless their under standings wos convinoed. Ho wished to nuke this vor; olear to all present. First must oomo tlo understanding, thou the will, then tliq affeotions. People with a kind of pietism whioh was vory different to good, wholosone religion, said they lorad the Father, and nowadays a good deal too muph was, said,, !of' the, Fatherhood bf'iGod. Josus .was- tho only salvation,- and unless thoy'-reeeived Him they could; not possibly ; love God i! ; The Rev T. M. O'Callaghan preaohed; a very clcquent sermon yesterday "at S3. Peter and Paul's' Roman Catholic Church, EmoraldHill, The rov, gentloinan exhorted his hearers to lov.o and serve ,God sincerely and heartily, which was the only way to oh ain oternallife. Many Catho'ics thought that all' was'necessary was to' go to mass,' regularly and load an ordinarily good life. It was this vain delusion which tended mora than anything else, .to fill hell. Father O'Callaghan. then spoke very earnestly, about those Cstholio parents who discovered traits of virtuo or vice in their ohildron, but who were in such' an indifferent state, for. their eternal welfare .that thoy'did nothing to en courage tho, growth' of the former or to era- dioato tho latter.' - What a fearful thought it was that some of these parents would bs shrioking in hell whilst their children were with the Saviour in Paradise. He exhorted his hoarors not to delude themBolves with the idea that because \ they oould receive the sacraments "of the' Church on thoir death beds, and bavo a. priest to attend them at tho last dread moment, when eternity was staring them in the face, and , grim Death was olatohing at them, they must perforce gain Paradise. 