THE PITT OF IT. (FEOM TEMPI! BAS.) The train was on the point of starting. Frantically I rushed into the first car riage that offered. My vis-avis and 6ole travelling companion was a lady. A naiBanc% thought I ; nothing beguiles the tedium of a long journey like the fragrant weed ; and experience teaches a judicious tip can always secure as that luxury. Well, I should change carriages at the next stopping-place — pity it is some hours away. Meantime, with a coldly critical eye, I proceeded to take stock of my companion. In common with my species I love to look on a beautiful woman ; and this woman was very pleasant to the eye. She had laid aside her tiny black-velvet hat, and a hood — white, soft, fleecy, like new-fallen snow — rested on her dark hair, and was lightly fastened under a white round chin by a knot of intense scarlet that be came her dark beauty rarely. The wavy hair was parted on a low, white forehead, and great dreamy eyes of the purest grey looked out from between jetty fringes. I doubt if any man could trust himself to look down into their slumberous depths, and yet Ms pulse not quicken by an extra beat or so. She was in the pride and prime of her ripe loveliness, and might be some sk or seven and twenty. More beautiful women, according to the approved standard of the Greeks, I had often seen, but never one so (there is no English for it) seduisante as this one. Be sure I did not allow my beauty to be come cognisant of my observation. Con sciousness spoils the prettiest picture. Presently she dropped the paper-knife with which she was languidly cutting open the leaves of ' Punch.' I picked it up, and thereupon we naturally fell into conversation. Hazardous, I thought. It is a rule of mine never to converse in a railway-carriage with a woman, more especially a pretty one. The process is almost always disenchanting — the ap proved feminine mode of talk, or rather scream, under suchcircumstances, being in a harsh and distracting treble, exceedingly terrifying. But my fair companion at once stilled my fears. Instead of rising, her voiceseemed to fall into a lowerkey, that interpenetrated the labouring steam with a subtle sweetness. The tobacco hunger under which I pined at the commence ment of the journey subsided completely ; and when the ardeutly-desired stopping place was reached, my only fear was that some unmitigated bore would stumble into our carriage, and disturb our tetea tete. As good luck would have it, there were few passengers to London that bleak March day,and the remaining hours sped free from intrusion. When two people have journeyed in company for six or eight hours, they either part in apathetic indifference, iu an enmity they hardly care to conceal, or on decidedly amicable terms. I found that I belonged to the class last men tioned ; and for the first time in my re collection, a pang of regret shot through me as the train stopped at Euston square. To use the elegant language of Dick Turfly here, I must say good-bye for ever and a day to the first woman who had made running with. Habana and come in at a canter. She evidently expected no one to meet her, and no one came. In the imperfect light I could not make out the address on her luggage, only the name — ' Miss Delorme.' As we shook hands at part ing, I said, 'This world is so small, I daresay we shall meet again.' She gave me one of her smiles, all the more pre cious that they were rare, and drove away into the darkness. ' Heigho ! I sup pose I nave seen the last of my fair friend,' I said, as I rattled off in a han som to my old quarters in town. For about the first time in my chequered existence, I sipped my post prandial Lafitte in a dejected mood, and as I puffed at my regalia, the wreaths of smoke perpetually shaped themselves into the likeness of a certain piquant face, surmounted with, a white hood tied with a cherry ribbon. ' I shall be all right to- morrow,' I said, as I turned in ; ??'?ifcfijpnsjourney has upset me,' which last observara»»~_»MtAjnie one_ Next morning I had an uneasy coHScioum.,. .. I was not so jolly as usual, and while I dressed, I whistled to keep my courage up. And as the day advanced, symp toms of something amiss set in so de cidedly that they could no longer be ignored. It is always best to look one's circumstances fair and full in the face whatever they may be. And after a re flective survey of mine, I deliberately Isold mysejf that the lady of the train had taken complete possession of me ; that she was the only woman I had ?ever met with who, I felt, exactly suited me in every fibre ; and that she — shealone — held my life's happiness inher two white bands. Not without bitter humiliation did I come to this conclusion. Hereto fore I had utterly contemned love and love-making. Anyfellowwbo was spooney was ever the butt for all the shafts of my ridicule. And that I, the hard hearted old stager, should be compelled, like any lovesick boy, to knock under to .the old disease was, to say the least, de grading. Oh 3 I thought, if sooner or later it must come, better have it well over in one's salad days. When it attacks a fellow in Ids thirties for the first time, it goes as hard with iiim as the whooping-cougf at that mature age. SBrnly I.wssiisick. 'The jovial feces of my familiars Oed me with disgust — from all jollification I turned with loath ing. Strange, I had never met her nor even beard her name. The question 1^,^iM^J-.sLtJ:^gl jaiiii sight was— - lS^Jcaji I fieeaer .again i But no feasible plan presented itself, and I dis [uieted iny soul in rain. Thei) fevered days in town ; then one fine morning I ran down to Southampton to have a look at De Yere's steam yacht As I lounged in the direction of the Docks— by Jove ! what an extraordinary coincidence — a few paces ahead of me was ' my beautiful lady !' No mistaking the leisurely majestic tread, and the tall grandly- proportioned form. Alone, too, as I had seen her before, her grave pure face the best safeguard against insult I need scarcely say it was the work of a moment to get alongside, doff my hat, and ask if I could be of -any use. She greeted me with a heart-warming smile, but declined my offer of assistance. She was there, she told me, to meet a brother from India coming home on sick- leave. ' My only brother, almost my only re lation,' she said looking wistfully out of great dreamy eyes. Then, remembering I was only a casual acquaintance, she again told me she had all the necessary information about the arrival of the steamer, and in. the slight bow that followed I felt I was dismissed. Some two hours after the rencontre, the bustle on the pier told me the Indian steamer was in. Oh, the eager faces that line the quay ! Oh, the fond, fond arms outstretched to enfold the loved and the long lost ! As I stood watching on the pier edge, I was human enough to be moved by the scene,' I saw Miss Delorme go on board ; eagerly she scanned each sun-bronzed face — disappointedly she turned to the captain. A spasm of pain seemed to contract his weather worn countenance as he replied. She pressed her hand to her heart, and re mained standing, motionless as a statue. Good God ! her brother has died on the homeward voyage ! Quick as thought I sprang on board. It was too true — the poor fellow had breathed his last as the white cliffs hove in sight 'Miss De lorme,' I said, laying my hand gently on her arm, ' come with me.' With touch ing docileness she suffered me to lead her away. I took her to a comfortable old fashioned hostelry near the pier, but her dumb dry-eyed grief frightened me so thoroughly that I was puzzled what next to do. Men are so clumsy in all such crises. Faute de mieux, 1 sent the land lady, a motherly soul, to see what she could do. Presently she returned, well pleased : ' She's a-cryin' her heart out, poor lady ! that'll do her a power of good.' An hour later I called, and was much surprised to be received by Miss Delorme, pale and grief-worn, but com posed and dressed for travelling. ' Ex cuse me,' I said, *' but to-night you are hardly fit for a journey.' 'Yes,' she replied, ' I can manage very well ; and I must return to town at one.' ' At all eventB,' said I, hesitatingly, ' you will permit me to be your escort so far. My name is Brooke— Harry Brooke, at your service.' ' She tried to smile. It was a sad mockery. ' Ah !' she said, im pnlsively, ' now I am so utterly, utterly bankrupt !' Then she covered her face, and tears slid through her fingers. After the manner of men, though I was dying to say or do anything to comfort her, I only felt intensely awkward, and was speechless. It did suggest itself to put my arm round her and kiss away her tears, but I felt such a proceeding, at this stage, would inevitably be fatal, and forbore. Miss Delorme, I saw, was a woman of rare self-control. In a few minutes all traces of the outburst sub sided, and she was walking with me to the station. At our journey's end, so deadly grew the pallor of her cheek that I was more than thankful when our cab drew up at a certain bright little mansion in Mayfair. At the door stood the lady of the house, eager to welcome wanderers. ' Millicent, my love, how white you are ! And where is Ned ?' But Miss Delorme had quietly fainted ; and the sad task of telling the old lady, in a few hurried words, of the death of her ne phew, Captain Delorme, fell to my share. Then I left them with their great sorrow. After duly accrediting myself to Miss Delorme's aunt, Lady Brabazon, I went earnestly about my wooing. Almost every day, for several weeks, found me at the house in Mayfair. By Lady Bra bazon — who, as it turned out, was a school friend of my late mother — I was always received with marked cordiality, but I never could construe the languid kindness with which Miss Delorme en dured my visits, into the faintest approach to tendresse. I am not famous for patient and continuous endurance of pain, either mental or physical. Better a short sharp wrench of agony, and done with it, than hours and days of wearing suffering. And, true to my creed, I resolved to have it out with Miss Delorme, and, one way or another, put an end to the mental anxiety which was beginning to plough lines in my once jovial and careless countenance. Yes, I would ' put it to the touch, and gain or lose it alL' Thus resolute, I was shown- into my lady's boudoir; here I fouud Millicent alone. In the great crises of life I am, for tunately, uot nervous. And now I felt as cold as I know I should were I lead ?—? «-tt_&rjQrnhope;: Seating myself to look her strajgnTT^n'' xm. ujw^-x-yi..— gnA. boldly in medias res. ' I have come here to tell you I love you, Millicent De lorme — love yon with all my heart, and to ask you if you will marry me1' To the full as cool as I, she looked me in the eyes and said, ' No ' — a round, clear, decided 'No,' in her calm, high-bred vnifip *KCfr nprvM ^T-npripnp.m? J3VAP An slight a shock. ' Pray, pray, be candid with me,' I said, ' and tell me why yoa say me nay !' ' Mr. Brooke, you have been very good to me ; you are good to me always, and yon deserve candour, and shall have it at all costs. I say ' No ' to you because I have no love to give you; and sgL'ai 'No' to yon because you, a gentleman with all ths proud in stincts of class strong in you, would not ask to wed me if yon knew my ante cedents.' Here a burning blush named on her cheek. She paused, and I took up the tale : '.?** to love, I fancy I have enough for both. I do not ask you to love me — I only :isk you to let me love you. An;?- for the mysterious ante cedents as reasons, t\i°.y are nowhere.' She slightly ? shivered. 'Mr. Brooke, must I again repeat, I shall not, may not, marry, you, nor any man ? Think yon I nave lived 'all these years, those weary, years, aod Lav/s not known level Yes, the intense, ttufeasbning, impassioned lore that flames in the heart but once, and- burns, it away, I think. And is there not always a horrid possibility of shipwreck, and great loss in such wild lovef Ab she thus spoke, in- a low tone,. her Jips quivered; and Ihor eyes quailed at the crnelty of her selfscourg ing. We both rose to say the farewell word. She looked more than ever superb — the flush of excitement on her cheek. Her loveliness intoxicated me. I could not^ would not, relinquish this peerless woman without one other des perate effort. ' Millicent !' I cried, all my heart in my voice, ' what care I- for the past ? You are my first, last, only love ! Give yourself to me and make me happy, for you alone can.' ' No ! a thousand times,' she said ; 'and I am kinder to you than you know.' Then she left the room, and I showed myself out with my broken heart I have always a certain amount of consolation from the optimism that teaches ' whatever is, is best' It calms a man for reviewing the position. Bat on this occasion I was too utterly beaten to philosophise as usuaL Miss Delorme's reasons for refusing me were doubtless good ones, but I smarted under my de feat and loss. To be sure, for aught I knew, the man she loved so fondly might still be a sojourner on the earth, and might, one fine day, turn up at Brook cotes (as one reads of in novels), and de mand to see my wife, supposing Millicent were she! Yet not even this horrible contingency reconciled me to my fate. Heigh-ho ! I had had enough of love and loveniaking to last a lifetime. In two days I closed my negotiations with De Vere for the purchase of his steam yacht, organised a hunting party, and dropped down the river outward bound for Africa. Landing at Algiers, almost the first man I met was Algy Seyton. It was a good ten years since we had met ; then he was the spoilt darling of London seasons, and the handsomest man in the Guards. Now his fine stal wart form was bent, emaciated, and con sumption's red dangernag hung out on either cheek. ' By Jove, Hal you looked aa scared as .though yoa had Been a ghost !' And so I had — the ghost of Algy Seyton. ' Sorry to see you looking so seedy, old fellow. Hope you'll soon be all right again, !' I said, cheerily. 'Never, Brooke! and yon know it' Then in the old reckless way I knew of old, ' You see I've been an outrage on the respectability of my people all my days, and now I have finally made up my mind to relieve them of a nuisance. It's the pace that kills, Hal, and mine has been tremendous.' Poor Seyton ! It had come to this, then — the hand some petted guardsman dying, alone and uncared for, on the shores of Africa. Telle estlavie. The morning after our rencontre, I announced my intention of remaining behind. ' You fellows must go up-country without me ; Algy's evi dently not long for this world, and ifs a shame for us all to leave him.' And they all went off intotheinterior, leaving me at Algiers. One morning, as I bent over Seyton to arrange his pillow, I noticed the locket he wore had flown open, and a rare face of girlish beauty smiled out at me. 'Mil- licent Delorme !' I exclaimed, impul sively. ' What do you know of MUli cent Delorme ?' said Seyton, fixing his dark eyes keenly on mine. ' Not much,' said I (I flatter myself unconcernedly) ; 'it was my sad duty to escort her to her aunt, Lady Brabazon's, just after she had heard of her brother's death.' ' So George Delorme is dead ! My poor Milly, fate has be.en cruel to thee !' Now I have the clue, thonght I, and shall unravel the mystery of the antecedents by-and-bye. ' Tell me, Brooke, does she look like this now i' lightly touching the pnoto. 'res, very line; a ncue oiaer, but not less beautiful'' 'She's not married ?' ' No.' A half-smile shimmered on his wan face. ' I need not have asked that ; men are incredulous about the constancy of iHoman now-a-days, and no wonder ; but there are a few women still left (and she is of them), who, loving once and for ever, are too noble and too good to sell themselves for gold or position. I suppose you have heard the historiette in which Millicent Delorme and Algernon Seyton were chief actors ?' I shook my head. ' No 1 — why the town rang with it eight years agone.' ' I was serving in India then,' I said, 'and by the time I returned I fancy the story, what ever it was, had blown over.' ' Let's have it now,' I said lightly ; but I prepared to listen as a man might to his death-knell: — 'Well, to commence, my governor paid off my debts twice. I knew for certain that he would see me at the deuce before he cleared me a third time, and I was again hopelessly involved. And yet I — unlucky younger 6on, and worse than penniless guardsman — pre- sumed to fall in love with the reigning beauty of the season, Miss Delorme. And, more than all strange, she gave me love for love. I never asked myself how it was all to end. The present suffices. Let us not fling the cold shadow of an unkindly future over our delicious hour of sunshine. I am like a woman in that One evening, going up the steps of General Delorme's house in Eaton square— a bouquet of rare flowers in my hand for Millicent — I came face Jn . face... with _ the .General 'Ah, Captain §eytbn,' '36' ~howT' without offering his hand, 'This bouquet is intended for Miss Delorme, I presume %' 'It is,' I said haughtily. 'Then, sir, let me tell you it shall not reach its des tination. The intimacy that has so long subsisted between you and Miss De lorme must come to an end at once, and for ever.' ' All right,' I said coolly j 'I hate a scene, more especially on door steps.' And pitching the offending bon quet down an area, I turned on my heel and walked off to my clnb, 'After this contrtttmps, whenwemet in society, Milly and I, by preconcerted arrangement, shunned one another so religiously, that an outsider might think a deadly feud raged between us. And I can tell yon it was deuced hard lines to see her scattering smiles right and left, and not one to fall to my share. Bat we must be content to bide our time. At last, one fine day at the fag-end of the season, old Delorme was called ont of town for a day. or two on important busi ness. I watched him safely off by a morning train, and gaily hied me to Eaton- sgnare. By wonderful good luck, the hall door stood open, and nngnarded by John Thomas. Lightly I ran up the steps, and upstairs to ray. dear girl's boudoir. As I clasped her in my arms,, the eostacy of the moment almost atoned for the enforced coldness of the previous weekB. . But tender reminiscences must be unutterably tedious to a hard-hearted buffer like Harry Brooke, who laughs at ove,so I spare yon, Weil, with my usual fatal disregard of consequences, I proposed that we should take advantage of the exquisite weather — drive quietly down to Richmond, and go on the river. We should be safer there, I represented, than in a house full of prating servants. The general was safe ont of town. Above all, I dwelt on the anguish which had been my portion for the last few desolate weeks, and pleaded hard for indemnity. After some demur, she yielded. Of course we took every precaution, and secure of observation, we fondly believed, we got down to Richmond. What need to recall those long-dead hours, when we two who loved, together and alone, floated on and on, and taking no note of time) ' Our business was too deep to brim over in words. Only the slow throb of the rowlocks broke the impassioned si lence as the boat carried ns down and down the stream. Twilight darkened into night, still I insanely delayed our return. And, when at length we put into an out-of-the-way halting-place, it was quite dark, and very late. To return my boat all those miles, in the chill, dark night, was simply impossible. And in this distant village, if there had been a carriage to hire (which there was not), we could not in any case get back to town before early morning. As the thonght flashed through mybrain that I had horribly compromised the woman I loved so dearly, I bitterly enrsed my im prudence. However, I laid the flattering unction to my sonl, that as General De lorme was safe out of town, Millicent should easily regain her home unques tioned, and no one be ever a bit the wiser. We were in the best parlour of the village inn ; the landlady herself had simperingly brought us in tea. ' Con-; found the woman 1' I thought ; ' she evidently takes us for a young couple commencing the honeymoon.' 'In oar awkward dilemma, Milly had turned a shade pale or so, bat she raised her great lovoly eyes, full of trust as ever, to mine. And as she sat there, in all her ripe young beauty, the spell of her loveliness worked in my veins. Inno cent Milly ! little did she know the pre cipice on which she stood, bnt I knew. Harry, don't think me coxcomb ; bat she did love me so utterly, so blindly, I knew, if I were scoundrel enough, I could lead her captive at my will I tell you Brooke, as man to man, the temptation that assailed me was mad dening. Why should not we, I and the woman I loved, and who loved me, turn our backs on a cold world, bid defiance to its law, and at an altar of our own rearing, vow from that hour to love and cleave to one another all our life long 1 It was never my way to resist tempta tion, you know. But, thank God ! I was man enough to wrestle with, and overcome this devil-begotten one. ' Breaking the silence which had de cided the issue of a fateful conflict, she said, in that thrilling voice of hers, ' Algy, you had better go and look for a' night's lodging at the farm-house over the way, and I shall make good my quarter's here.' I rose, and at once said a short and cold ' Good-night' When we met next morning, the cheery light disposed us to smile over the misadven ture of yesterday. Bat all such smiling was quenched soon enough : for when Millicent had arrived at her home, she found that her father had arrived unex pectedly the night before. In his sternest voice, he called her into the library. 'Wretched girl!' he com menced. ' Father, hear me !' No, the hard old brute refused to listen. ' You left this house yesterday, to join Captain Seyton ; you have been away all night with him.' She shuddered, and again essayed to speak. ' Do not attempt to deny it I' he thundered, in his rage. ' You were recognised at Richmond by a friend of my own. Millicent Delorme ! I forbid you to remain another hoar under my roof. Go back to the lover for whom you have disgraced name and fame.' 'She needed no second bidding ; her blood boiled with the sense of injustice done her. She might no longer order the carriage, but she, with her maid and rtfllor V\a1 rtn m n era trarvt onaaAW-rt Awrwta i-iff* in a cab to Lady Brabazon'a Of course Lady B. believed the poor girl's tale of innocent misadventure; as who would uot, looking into eyes too proud to lie ? Bat the fieriest part of the ordeal was to come. 'Two days after Miss Delorme found a shelter with Lady Brabazon came the Duchess of ? ^s garden party. On the best-to-brave-it-out principle, Lady Brabazon insisted on Millicent accom panying her to the fete. She went Every woman of note there cut her dead. Most of them had long owed her a grudge for her youth and wit and beauty, and now they revenged themselves as is the way of the sex ; but, worst of all, the men treated her with an odious familiarity which was gall and worm wood to her sodL Poor girl ! running the gauntlet was nothing to it From that day she steadfastly refused to enter society. 'And what became of me all this time J you ask. Well, when I got back to town that eventful day, I found the affair was already dub talk. The best men seemed to avoid me ; on all sides I heard mut terings of ' D — -^d shame J' — Pleasant very ! Oh, if I could only have laid hands on the sneaking rascal who had blown on ns. ' By God ! I'd have mur dered him ! Shortly after this old De lorme died suddenly, bat not before he had taken his daughter back to his trust and affection. And Milly took up her abode, en permanence, with Lady Braba zon. By a clause in the General's will Miss Delorme forfeited every farthing of her portion in the event of her marrying me. And for an utterly impecunious wretch like Algernon Seyton to enter the bonds of holy matrimony, would only be double misery, J could rough it anyhow, but to ask a delicatelynur tured woman to cast in her lot with my wretched one, was not to be thought of. At last — at last ! we had overtaken the dark future we refused to look at in our hour of sunshine. ' Nothing was left me but to say fare well, and go. I saw Lady Brabazon, who told me much that I have told you, but I could not trust myself to see Milly again. That never-to-be-forgotten day at Richmond was my last glimpse of paradise. I sold out and vrent abroad, and have been roving ever since. ' I have gone in for all sorts of excitement— reck- less play, heavy wines, .steeplechasing, and all the rest of it— but for her sake, my lips have remained sacred to the memory of the last pure kiss eke laid on them. No alien kisses have overlaid that one to sully it And now, Brooke, that I have come almost to the extreme edge of my wasted life (for which God forgive me), I ask yon to give this locket into her own hands, after my death, and tell her I have been as loyal and .true to the memory of our love as she has been — God bless her 1' I promised to obey his behest My reflections over this episode in the life of the woman I loved, but who did not love me, were not untinged with bitterness. For what was this man that Millicent Delorme had, &fter; the manner of women, exalted on a pedestal, ss a god to wor ship % What but a mere white-handed sybarite, who, rather than encounter in creased and perhaps imaginary hardships in a battle for two, had fled from bis love. And yet, even while he forsook her, I believe she loved him stilL Who can read the riddle of a woman's heart 1 My watch by Seyton was not long. When the year was but young he died. I saw the poor fellow laid in his last resting place, and set sail for England. On my arrival in London I presented myself at Lady Brabazon's. Both ladies greeted me sufficiently cordially. After looking at me steadily for a second or two, Miss Delorme said, ' Yoa have bad news, Mr. Brooke V I silently placed the locket in her. hand. 'Algernon Seytou,' she said, ' gone '—dead %' I bowed my head. With an anguish-wrung face she passed from the room. ' God help poor Algy H said Lady Brabazon, much, moved ; ' he was the most Ioveable, the most beauti ful, the most recklessly impulsive man I ever came across, and he spoilt two lives — he spoilt two lives !' I took my leave, and wrote Miss Delorme a detailed ac count of Algy's last days. The man who renews his suit when he is certain of being rejected, is a fooL I did not renew mine. But, after much wander ing, I determined to fulfil my obligations as a lord of the soil, which I do to the satisfaction of my conscience and the county. No woman holds, or ever will hold, the reins of domestic government at Brookcotes. I am content to let veil alone. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 