JACK FUGH'S LEGACY. ivr0h DBLOIIA VIA. chapter v. — a uew1tohiko widow. Wbon I ontored tho drawiDg-roonj, a lady deeply swathed in black aroso, and raising her veil diBclosod a face which was still handsomo, althoach tini6 hftd lOnAirtlAt rlimmivl iia Klanm Sho was net drapod in widow's weeds, but ia other ways bore herself like a widow, having an insinuating way, and a mode of throwing her eyes over yon that was very impressive ; and having read her card, and '.hus knowing her name to be Mrs. Walter Weston, I reasonably came to the conclusion that Walter was dead, and that thiB was the disconsolate surviving partner. Sho was Bomowhat embarrassed, as though the did not know how to begin her story : and I couldn't help her, for I was thinking all tho while what a row tbero'd be when she'd pone. " Sir," she said, "you will bo surprised that I, a perfeot stranger, should sock an inteiviow with —in fact, a porfcct stranger." " 0, all right," I said, in a rcassuriDg way. " Mr. Edwards," sho wont on, " I was once a tenant of this bcuto under 'your lato uncle, and — my husband wan at least—" Tho thought occurred to me, perhaps she for got to pay her rent, and has come back to do it ; and I began to feel quite genial. "Ycu aro aware, no doubt, of tho distressing circum stances under which that tenancy terminated." " No," I said. Perhaps uncle had put an execu tion in— it was just like him — and tho widow wanted to get something back out of me. I frosted-over Enddenly. " No, I know notbirg about my uncle'B affairs. His executors will bo the right persons to go to." "But, Mr. Ed- wards, this is no mere business matter. You know, I suppose, that my poor husband disap peared about fifteen years ago, and has ntvir n heard of since." "Never beard of rinco ! No i I knew nothing about it." " That is ex- traoifilnary. Perhaps I had better detain you, 'hen, whilst I tell you my Bad story. You, Mr. Ku wards, havo only lately come amongst us, or you would know mo aa the daughter of Griffith iJne2. Twnjrallt, a cousin — a distant one — of Mr. Tom Jon«» the doctor." Here I fancied my interesting visitor slightly blushed. 0, what," I said, " axe you a fiif rd of Tom a ?— why didn't you Eay t0 before ? Taio ?2?r, , ugs off, and havo some luncheon ; then 111 intioduco you t« my wife." " Tardcn me, dear Mr. Bdwaxda ; I am & recluse ; I never see the face of man or wonuu, except—" #he added, Hashing slightly again, I fancied — " my modical advisor. " Tom, of coarso," I said. 8ha inclined her head in ossout. "L't mfa toll my story first," she said. "I woe my fat hot's boircss, and did not want— I am old enough now to talk of such things wichout canfution— did not want suitors. Amongst theso my couoiu Tom was tna tavonto ; out our lovo am not run mnoolh, and Tom and 1 had a desperado quarrel, and w&didn;'t speak to each other for a year, and then it was oniy in this way. I was just OLtar- ing tho church to bo unrtiol, aid Tom 4W0d be hind a (ombotone watching mO, bhd said, 1 0, Madge And I think that oven then I'd hare turned from tho church door and grn j with him; but, ah, Mr. Kdwarda, you kuiw what Tom in now — poor Tom! Well, up to that tlmb there hadn't been a steadier, luttor) cleverer felloe than Tom in tho county Catrinioii. But whe u I turned and loukod at him as he sto. d thero watching mo into tho church— yos, Mr. F 1 wards, ho was drunk ! Then I tuniod to tho little old man wko was to be my husband— a clean neat litllo fellow — 1 turned to him with positivo relief. But it was my fault, "Mr. Edwards ; I've only myself to blame. I found out afterwards why he'd married me — this rich BttglisUmuh. My falhor owiud tbo whole of tho mountain abivo hia f.irm. hi A ho — my ' bus1) nl— had discovered, or thought ho had, a gold m'ne thero. From tho very day wo were aa iioJ, his thoughts. his talk, weru of nothii> a oIbt-. All day longho'd bom tho wouh'a lit, slid he'd biing homo groat bajs full of u'ciics, nnd 1 a f the nigln long he'd sit m his workshop — you'voiumcd it into coaoh-honso new, I see, Mr. Kdwrarda— hs'U sit thero tap tap-tapping with his hammer and his totonoa, till tho sound U30d nearly to drive mo to distraction. But ho wbb a kiud good old man, and I was not uahappy— not vtry. But his monoy went by degrees ; n good deal of it in this gold-seeking of his, a good deal in other peoploV mines ; it ail went un lust. Ho wan reduced to hia hurt sixporco, and then oamo to mo one day and said, Margaret, I am going away for o days. I am a ruined man, and jot 1 think J. lttvo made a discovrry which will lnsko ifio bound- lossly rich. At '.ho end c-f trro days, if I don't oomo back, go to your faUioi's houso ; this place will bn in tho hand-' of my creditors.' Prom tha.t day to this — fifteen years —1 haven't sron Or heard of him. 1 was a gii I then ; I'm an old woman now. I won't ooucoal from you, Mr. El wards, that if I had cortain proof that my poor husband was dead, I'd mairy Tom. It would bo a dreadful ritk, tut I'd chanco it. I've shattered nis life— poor Tom !— and if 1 eould, I'd try and mend it. Bat till I hoar from him. or of him— n.y hiubmd, Walter Woston— till I know assuredly that ho is dead. I'd never "parry — ntver. " ' And ho used to work at night, did ho,' I oriel, " tap-tap-tap-ping with a hammer ?/ " 0, yea," said Mrs. Weston : "and hod have a bowl with water by his sidwj and when ho'd pjundod his stones bo'd put tho powdor into tho biwl ; and sometimes, when thore wasn't a speck of gold in it all, ho'd moan bo that I could hear him from tho back dorr whoro I used to stand and watoh for him ; for it was very lonely," sho whispered, shuddoring ; ' »n«l thon I'g go and bring him in." " Did he wear a round- topped cap with a bronk peak, liko a German, and was ho a little old man with a Roman noso and a ronod back ?" " Ilo was," cried Mrs. Weston. " 0, have you seen him or heard anything 1"' That was tho shadow I bad soen on tho wall : but I wouldn't toll her. " It must havo been a photograph or portrait I'vo scon of biro," I oriod: "I know nothing moro of him," "But Tom oatd to mo," cried Mrr. Woston eagerly — " ho oamo to me yesterday so excited, anusaid, 'Go to Edward Edwards ; ho will rot your mind at rest about poor Walter." ' " Ho was wrong," I said J "I know nothing about him." CHAPTER VI. — TO Bli LEFT TILL CALLED FOR. It was an unfortunate thing for mo, that visit of Mrs. WcBton ; I'd no pcaco after it I couldn't toll _ Lcoy what she'd oomo about ; sho'd enjoined tho strictest secreoy upon mo : and indoed my wife was in that state of health in which tho trouble and mjBtcry involved in tho story of Mrs. Weston, and tho spirit knocking I had hoard, would bavo had tho worst effoct. Forforce I hold my tonguo, and refused to toll her tbo purport of "my inter view with tho veiled lady in black, and tbi« Boomed always to como bttweon us and keep us apart. You may say, perhaps, that ruroly, it would havo been bettor to toll hor all about it, and that an imaginary trouble is easier to boar than a real grievance. But I didn't think so then, and don't now ; for I'vo noticed that, to womon, a real substantial grievance aud sense of wrong is a kind of fillip that stimulates ra'her than depresses them ; whilst the environment of faneied evils, the morbid dread of unknown powers, Blacken tho very pulses of lifo, relax and tangle all the complicated tracery of the nervous system. But to mo, who hate hot wator— excopt at night with a pipe ovci something strong— to mo all this misunderstanding and mystery was a real tor ment. I got quite melancholy ovor tho afftir, and wandored about, tho very ihadow of my'elf And the knocking wont on. No soouor did mid night come, Lucy iu bed, tho houso quiet, and all still, than this tap, tap, tapping commenced. Sometimos from the coao'h houso, which abutted on the house, but more often from the opposite hills. Ofton, after a day's storm, when the night was clear perhaps and fine, and tho stars twiukling and spaikling, as I sat by my fire at midnigh', smoking a gloomy pipe and thinking over my affairs — which wore not over prosperous, for there was a heavy mortgage on Dolydd, and I was already ou'running my in- como — often I'd fancy I beard a faint arid dis tent knooking, and throwing open tho window, I'd hear it more plainly, tap-atnp tap, a small and feeble sound, which yet seemed to me still to bo a call or invitation. I can't describe to von the feeling that came ever mo when I heard that fairy tapping. It was as though I felt I rouifc leave everything, slcopiog wife and juriot house hold, the horse ihat clanked his chain, tbo dog that whined in thoir uneasy dream-,— leave them all, and go up into the mountains. Bat the knooking in theconch-bouso gave mors definite causo of complaint ; for I had made up my mind that I mud retrench ere long. As soon as my wife was woll over her confinomont, I'd sell off the horso and the carriage, and I'd let Dolydd furnished, and go and live cheaply at some place where wo weren't known. Then, if it got about that Dolydd was haunted, farewell to the hope of letting it at a good rental. Alto gether I got so worriod and exasperated, that one night, when tho knocking had been woreo than usual, I sat down and dotorarined I'd write a letter to Mrs. Walter Wiston about the matter. It waB all very well to think of her feelings, but here was tho houso likely to fall iff in value; and, after all, tho man had been only a yearly tenant, and bad no right to hauut the place >iko this. Had it been John MacEinion, my illus trious ancestor, indeed, who bad taken it mio bis head to revisit tlio rconos of bis former prowess, I should havo beon tho last man to interior) with him. But that this Englishman, who owed a quarter's rent too into the bargain, as I had since found from my poor uncle's boots, though I was too chivalrous to say anything about it to the wi dow—that this mining Englir&®RU should hang about, deteriorating tho value of the property, was a thing not to be borne. . Still I was fonli-h to write to tho wido-v. I see it now ; but I did it under tho impulso of pasdon, and am not to bo blamed for it. But I ought to have burnt the blotting paper, and I forgot ; for Iwiitt a good bold tana, ana I'm rare my wife found the ad- dress on tho blotting paper next morning, Sho didn't say anything ; bat if she was cold before, tho was a thought colder now, and watched mo intently. . Now what I wrote to the widow was Just this. I told her cf tbB cruel way in which the hcus i Was haunted by her late husband, aud that I really could stand it no longer. Then, as I was writing, a briPiant thought struck rao. i» Weston wre dsstl—anu toere 4 sulci, do no doubt Of thkt from his way of going on — there could bo no passsiblo reason why Tom and the widow shouldn't marry ; and if I wei o the means of bring ing them togolncr, the loast they could ds wqahl be to lake Dolydd on ihy hands. It would jtut suit tbeai for siza, and any liitlo unpleasantness thero might bo about the knocking wouldn't matter a bit, being all in tho fimily, as yen may say. Being an irawulsiYo follow, I stuCk All this downjast fts itcamo into my bead, and a-ked tho widow to reply to mo— not to mv house ; tbcro that roadiog ovor-tho shoulder buii'iess, don't you soo, camo in again— but te Mr. Wil liams, Post-cffi;o. That was a bit of polic again; for Lucy's father wr.n called Wllliamb, and ho I'sod Of. fin to run down to cco ub, being a mer chant at Liverpool, and always had his lottors directed Tost-ofl'ico : so that there would bo noth ing strango in my oilling to aek for lottors for him. Altogether I managed tho ni-'tcr heau'.i- ftUy, If it hadn't been for that oversight about tho blotting paper, which was ruch a simple iolf-ovidcnt thing that I couldn't bo expected to think of it. Next morning, then, Lucy ntill being veiy crers— I didn't mind it no much, let I intended to surprise her all at onco by telling hor how Ddydd was haunted) and how I'd let tho house at a good rent, aud was going to tdho Hfer straight .off to Aberystxitll 10 ttCoVct her strength ; she loves tho tea, does Lioy and would thon acd there loavo this gloomy old place, which I was beginning to hate,— only, you sco, I n'.uldn't do tins till tho event rhn waI bftpcCtlng had como off : till then I must keep all this religiously a etc rot ; — next morning, then, I started off to ex plore ouo of the mountains opposite ; for I hadn't- forgotten Baker's letter, and I knew thoro were sonio veins of copper cropping out about thite. But I found nothing to tewitrd my pains ; nnd was retiring homowardn tirod and hungry, when I steppe Ion tho crest of a hill, to amniro tho prospect spread arcUrd mo. I smiled as I re- ognisod tho Old man's head,— a mountain which roeomblod, as I have said, a man's face with a Roman nos), his mouth widp opon, hUithnbiing peaceably ; but I htAitcd ah I Observed, which I had never doho before, that just over tho fore head of tho faoo there was viaible a cvirn which crowned tho summit of a faithcr hill. The Ord- nanco survey peoplo had topped thi« cairn with a boam of timbor, and it stOod out sharp and do fined eghlnkt the ovoning sky almost like a horn. Thon in on instant tho idea came into my head : if I wore standing where tho cairn on tho farther hill wonld appear just over tho old man's month, thon this mouth would cxac'.ly resemble in pro- filo tho drawing on Jack Fugh's slate — that of a face with tho tonguo sticking out of tho month, OtlAFTEB VII.— THE MINB IS SPRUNG. AU night long I was Launtod by the old man of the mountain ; all night long I saw bim in my dreams moping and gibing at mo : his tongao, which somonow scorned jointed ana like tho tail of ascirpion, wagging moriily against me; and round about the mountainous old man danced in a circle madly a confused and yot ordnily array of all kinds of witches and warlooks. Conspicu ous among tho ghosts and fiends was J ohn Fugh, bearing affixed to his breast the hioroglypnio slate, and a littlo old man with a hammer, who constantly strovo to broak it ; but Fugh preserved it intact, and onco, when in tho gyra iocs of the mazy danco ho pasted mo almost closo, ho flourished tho slate before my eyes, and I saw that it was now in tho likoness of agravosUno, and koro sculptured upon it a couple of blooming angels and " Sacred te tho Memory of John Fugh." Perhaps, after all, I said to myself when I awoke, John indeed is only como back to remind mo that we didn't put a gravestone over him. It wasn't in tho band, you too ; tbo funeral didn't include any monmnentnl|arraogoments, but John might think himself ontitlod to a s'ab all tho sanio. . But tho droam made mo think sorionsly about the slate and the figures on it, and I made up my mind I d go aud search for a spot whoro I should soo the old man's head with the tonguo slicking out at tho month, without nnv more tie- lay ; indeed, immediately after breakfast. First of all, I must go down and inquire if there was an; letter for mo at tho FoBt office : I mean for "Mr. Williams." I felt a littlo guilty aa I stole out of tho house and towards tho town. It wasn't eo long since Lucy and I . had exchanged vows that, como what would, wo would never have a secret from each other ; and here, ore tho Hrat year of our married lifo was over, was I em barking on a career of duplicity to which I could see no end. " Any lottors for Jlifr. Williams ?" I said with maumol carelessness, but feel ing liko a villain all tho time. " Ho's got 'em," cried John Jones, tbo post mas tor. " Ah, you didu't expect the old gentleman this morniDg ; he told me ho was going to give you a littlo surpriso. Uncommonly woll no's looking, Mr. EdwardB ; yes, indeed ! But I don't tbiuk you're looking quite tho thing," ho addod, after a pause. I felt yellow all over— ycl'ow and decrepit. And yot I muBt exert myself — I roust try and intorcopt him. " How long has ho been gono, Jones l' " 0. about t.-n minutes," said tbo post master. " You must havo come round Ponbyrn, or you'd have mot bim." I hardly know how I reachod homo. When I camo to tho gato of the drive I saw a picture which s'ruck mo with fear and remorse. It was a beautiful morning of early summer. All tho trees were in most luxuriaut leaf; the thrushes wero caroffing, tho blackbirds warb ing from the wood. Under a majestic cak, which grow not far from tho margin of tho Btream, a rustic bench was sot, a rus ic table laid. Tho bright silver of tho breakfast equipage, tho enowy cloth, Lucy's light morniug muslin, tho old gentleman's snowy Bkirt front, lit up that littlo career hedged in by shrub, and fairly sparkled and shimmered in the sunlight. Lucy, I could see, was in high good humor, and laughed merrily as she busied bcrsolf about the breakfast table. Williams, his letters spread out before him, was opening them Ioisuroly one aft or tho othor, reading and laying them aside. And thero, liko a serpent coiled among tho leaves of this fair Paradise, was the fatal laissive. I could see it at once — the broad blacf -edged envelope, tho pnzzled look that over- care the boaming countenance of the reader. I shouted, but nobody heard ue ; indeed, my voice was almost gono iu coy agitation. He bad opened it, road it ; no throw it over to my wife. I did&'t become ineonsiblo ; I didn't turn and ffy ; I simply walked up to the breakfast-table and said, "Hiw d'ye do, Mr. Williams?" "Why, Ned," ho said, " you're looking queer. What ails you, my boy ? Walking too far before breakfast, oh ? Bid plan that. — What, Lucy, going iu V " I don't feol ver well, papa," she said, and swept past mo, pottiug into my hands aB sho went by the black-eilged let'or. "Ha," 6aid old Williams jocOstly; "I opened one of your letters just now by accident ; at least, it wasn't by accident, beca ue it wss addressed to me. Howdid that happen, I wonder? Lady too, eh ? Ned, what are you about ' I put tho boloof the cak-tree between us before I read the letter. It began : " My dear Mr. Edwards," — yes, I can twear it was " My dear Mr. fiiwards," although, looking at it one way, yoa m'ght havo road . it for, "My dearest Edward,' owing to tho icratchy hand she wrote, like most women, — V My dear Mr. Edwards,— Your letter revived within mo a glow of feelings and sensibilities that 1 thought I . had buried in the grave. We ms.y yet bo happy, I begin to hopo. The only obstacle to our union may, under Providence, bo removed. > But I muBt Have the 7videi;«Je of my own sonsea btforo I can fully bo- iovo what yon tell me. Wo must arrange fv-r a meoting to test the rca'ity of jour impressions. The thought of leaving this cnfcicea celibate lifo, and coming to live at Dolydd with you know whom, ir almost ten mueb joy for yourB tror, " GWENDOLEN." And poor Lucy had ret d this letter 1 What oa earth enoukl I do 1 ' ( Te ha ceniiuuod ) ' "f ' A serious dispute lias arisen between tie em ployers and tho wr?r!«m?n in tho engineering trrt'de Of Glasgbfr. I'.y afi afrarlgbiflfiilt COtne to lit tll6 ftjJFiiitr, lit! iiffrttwUiitc roducHoii id the hours from Hfiy-seVon tO flftJ'-fOiif riel .wfk was unrated, nnd a further shortening of the tiidfl hfty-ono hours was to take effect on the '1st No vember. Tho mon had privately arranged to take till liitlf-ilOur'fe leistirti at the 019/"! of tho wflriiliijpiiiij") it ltd Id fllbiluH tbb diffrier hdiif, but to this tho employers ObjUct, rts it uom? iitil Suit the amragement of the works. The coiisii|uerice is tlmt several hundred engineers have como out en slriko. ami the dispute Las been further com plicated by it liliSlUlUiil'fltrtlUting whi«'h luts arisen ns to. whether the same wages will UB pilld for flfty-one hours ns for the fifty-fodf iiddnt' weeki A Oonuust'osncnt Hits eOiit tti d lioildon jodmtd a professedly authoriiativc statement of what will lie the Ministerial programme. Thero is to be a dissolution of Fnrliment— this ho pretends to have on " undoubted authority " — wiiHtlier early ur late in the autunln will depend upon tllO atti tude of tho IIouso of Commons, towards the Go vernment. A Radical policy is mud to hnvo bedn decidod on, Ministeralinving "dotennincd upon a line of action which .vill be csperirily agreeable tO tbohhlali-goiiltj JbitwOnhi brtlHw Wio gangway and tho larger popular constituencies.'1 Four inOiisUl'cs already decided on arc— a Local Taxation Bill, another Land Bill, a Bill to Amend the 25th Sec tion of ihO lidilcntioil Act, m m to conciliate tho Education League ; aid rt Dublin University Bill. ;'b.e Attorncy-Moitend is te nitmhoe the Land Bill TliGrt) ie also id be it bill fcr jiurchwing the Irish Railways by the State. Tjie other day the Duke of Edinburgh visited Gemuaden, where th« Royal family of Hanover is at present residing! According t> Galignani, the joUfiloy of hisltoyil lfighu&is; it s/lid to bavo a matrimonial object, and the approaching be trothal of the English prince with i daughter of King George is spoker of. If the news of that alliance should be verified, the marrhgo would bo a family one, for the migning dynasty of Great Brituin is of tho Houss of Hanover. The union would, at the same tine, bo a political one, for the Prince is presumptive hoir to too Duchy of Saxo-Coburg-Gotha, yiut as tho Guolph dynasty has rights of succcssior. to the Duchy of Bruns wick. King Gcorgo lias two daughters— Princess Fredcrica. bora in lb IS ; and Princess Maria, born in 1859. It Is stated that a canpany is now in courso of formation to lay a subnarino cable from Rangoon to Singapore, touching at the Andaman Islands, Penang, and Malacca. The tariff for messages from India to Singapore by tho new line will bo 24s., against tho present rate of 42 14s. Ar rangements have boon nado to carry " through " messages between London and Singapore for £3 10s., instead of i.'5 10s„ and a corresponding re duction will tftko pla:e in tho tanff to China, Java, and Australia. Best Food For Infanti—" H. R.IL Prtnco Albert Victor thrivos so well umn it that it must' bo very good"— T. M. Kendall, Mtdical Attendant to II. R. H. tho Priuco&s; of Wales. "This food rot-omhies Mother's milk as closely as iwssiblo." — Dr. H. Barker oil (tight Food' for Infants. " Ilijhly nourishing and easily digested. " Dr. Hassoll. 1; combines tho moit valu able Flash and Bono forming Substiuicos, and diflors essentially from othor farbacoous foods, which being quite unablo to afford proior nourisltmont to n grow ing infant, frequently lcul to a ricketty and jdiotlc condition. Savory and iloorc's preparation lias also the advantage of boing freed from tho ground husk of the com, which produces irritation of tho bowels and intru.ctablo diarrhoea. Noboiliiig or straining required. Sold in tins prepared by Savory and Moore, 143 New Bond-street, London. Irocurablc of nil chemists, storekeepers, and Italian warehousemen!. 