arltamentarg Spirit atal day in the history of the Legisla tive Council ; for, on this day, Wednes day, Septem- ber 17, 1873, Dr. Innes presented a bitter pill to the House, and asked them to swallow it. It was labelled the Elective Council Pill, and had been made up in accordance with a prescription given to him by a very eminent Empiric in another place, whose nostrums had, hitherto, been adminis tered in doses too powerful for the weak stomachs of the aged political dyspeptics in the Asylum — he begged pardon, Council — and had been, in consequence, rejected with disgust. The present pill was, on the contrary, exceedingly mild in its effect upon the constitution. Being composed principally of narcotics, it would lull the honorable members into a profound political torpor, and thus, by relieving them from the wear and tear, and strain upon the nerves in separable from the agitation of public life, enable them to lead the calm, seciuaea, dreamy existence of a lotos-eater, of an old horse in a paddock, or of one of the bivalved molluscs of the oystery and insupport(er)able member from Cook's River. The pill was mild ; the poison was slow ; their deaths would be painless. He trusted, therefore, that the honorable old gentlemen would take their medicine quietly. And although the Massacre of the Innocents might be said to have commenced at the wrong end of the session, he hoped that the honorable members would condone the breach of parliamentary etiquette, and sacrifice themselves for the good of the country, Mr. Charles Campbell would not take the beastly pill. He said it would utterly ruin the Constitution. Sir W. Manning said that although he objected to being blown in pieces by another man's cannon, he didn't mind being " hoist with his own petard." He would, therefore, swallow the pill. Mr. Darley was quite willing to " eat his leek." He reserved to himself, however, the privilege of swearing (See Henry V, Act 5, Sc. I). Upon this condition, he was willing to imitate the example of his friend Sir William. Mr. Innes desired to say one or two things, and then went on to say several thousand. He was glad to see that Sir William and Mr. Darley were willing to take their physic. However, every pillet has its billet, as the hon. members probably were well aware. Mr. Innes then produced the pill-box, and asked the hon. gentlemen to swallow the pill. They swallowed it. In the Assembly, Mr. Garrett presented a petition from James Daw. He begged to state that James Daw was not a Jack Daw. Mr. Speaker reported to the House the receipt from one of the Directors of the Mercantile Bank of abstracts of public accounts for the year 1872. Mr. Forster desired to make a personal explanation. He was miserable. He wanted to raise the Kiama Ghost. Everybody laughed at him. He was miserable. Mr. Butler moved the second reading of the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill. The robes of old Astra a or Justice had been for some time in a very dilapidated and Shabby-genteel condition — so much so, that it was almost impossible to distinguish their original color and texture. A commission had been appointed to measure the old lady for a new suit of clothes. They had supplied her with a tail-coat and pair of pants. He now introduced the tail of the coat as a specimen of the work, and he would just like to see any hon. gentleman present " thread " upon it " forrrsooth." He trusted that hon. gentlemen would not lightly alter the pattern and the cut of this unrivalled piece of legal tailoring, but that they would take it as it was. Mr. Stewart was not satisfied with this paltry measure of reform. As long as the lawyers wore horse-hair wigs on their heads, and gowns on their backs, the country would be ruined by litigation, and no prudent man would dare to show his face in the Supreme Court. The hon. member then proposed that they should kill all the sucking barristers in their cradles, and, in the words of Shakspeare, which he had been reading last week, dash their brainless jaws against a boneless gum- tree. Mr. Forster here made some irrelevant remarks about cutting the tails off cats with a chisel, cropping dogs' ears and tails, blasphemy, and hard labor. After a few remarks from other members, the debate was adjourned to Thursday. Mr. Parkes, representing Dr. Faustus the printer, showed his love for Gretchen Herald by presenting her with a jewel-case containing a penny postage stamp, and moved the Newspaper Postage Act Re peal Bill. Mr. Forster, of course, had his snarl. He hated the Press. Mr. Jacobs thought that newspapers were objectionable ; they were the means of disseminating immorality. He had actually seen reports of boat-races and horse-races printed in the daily journals. Mr. West thought that newspapers ought to be taxed. Sir James Martin had said that he wouldn't admit the editor of a country news paper into his house without locking up the spoons. He (Mr. West) quite agreed with Sir James : so much so, indeed, that whenever a country editor came to his house, he invariably locked himself up. He thought, therefore, that a class of persons who were in the habit of stealing spoons should be made to pay for them in the shape of a penny-postage. If he were stolen himself, he was quite sure that the loss to the country could scarcely be covered by a penny, although hon. members were probably of opinion that it might. The Bill was then read a second time. Thursday, September 18. — Sir James Martin rushed into the House in a state of tremendous excitement, and bouncing up from his seat, informed the House that he had never made the statement imputed to him by an hon. member, to the effect that the editors of country newspapers were in the habit of stealing spoons. It was really very annoying ; he had been keeping himself as quiet as possible, so as to prepare the public mind for his elevation to the Chief Justiceship ; he had taken particular care not to do anything that the Press might wrest to his disadvantage, and it was too bad that words should have been put into his mouth derogatory to a class of men whom he esteemed and loved, and, at the present moment, almost venerated. Orim. Con sol. Bill read a second time. The Newspaper Postage, &c.;, &c.; Bill was then read a third time, and sent up to the moribund Council. Friday, September 19. — Mr. Garrett brought coals to Newcastle in the shape of a case of James Twaddell. He moved that the case be opened. The motion was of coarse agreed to. The case was opened, and like the genii in the Arabian Nights, Twaddle filled the House. Mr. Nelson brought in a Bill to abolish Toll-bars. Mr. Lucas thought that tolls were a nuisance. They took up too much of the road-way. He himself, incredible as it might appear, had on several occasions found himself wedged tight between the posts on each side of the road. There was actually not room enough to allow his slim figure to pass through. Mr. Macintosh ran full tilt at the toll-bars. He wanted to have the tolls on private trust-roads abolished. There was the Rushcut- ter's Bay toll, for instance, which he had to pass through on his way to Sydney in his trap. He was invariably compelled to take his clay pipe out of his mouth, and expostulate mildly with the tollman about the change. The Bill was introduced and read a third time, Mr. Macintosh moved for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the Municipalities. Mr. Lucas was of opinion, that the longer the present state of things was allowed to go on, the worse it would be, as he could judge from his own personal experience. If he had been cut shorter when he was a boy, it would have been much better for him. Tuesday, September 23. — Mr. Sutherland was hauled over the Rail way coals by Captain Onslow, who wanted to know whether "tem porary appropriation of the public funds" was a necessary preliminary to obtaining an appointment in the Works department. Because he (Captain Onslow) had noticed that while one official, who had suc ceeded in passing his ' ' temporary appropriation" examination, had been reinstated in a position of trust from which he had been dis missed, another who had never qualified in this way, and whose only fault was that he had been rather sulky — he might say moody — in his conduct towards his subordinates, and a little too-outspoken and truthful in his remarks ahout his superiors, had been ignominiously dismissed. The Captain also wanted to know whether "honesty" was a recognised disqualification for office in the Works Department, as he had heard that a station-master had been dismissed " for carry ing his ideas of honesty too far." Mr. Macleay took advantage of the motion to ride his hobby. He at once jumped on a railway engine, came to grief in a fog, and ran off the rails. Mr. Booth railed at the government because they had'nt telegraphed for rails. Captain Onslow was of opinion that the government did'nt feel inclined to cut their own throats. Friendly Societies' Bill read a third time in spite of Mr. Forster. a 