TALES. THE WILLOW FARM : AN ARTIST'S STORY. (FROM CORNHILL.) Have I said that I was only twenty-four years old ? If not, lot me do so now, and explain by this fact how it was that I slept eo little on the eve of my going to Cookham. T ,mt. nmhitious. nor over creedv of cold. Booing that I was alone in the world, and had only myself to look to ; hnt nevertheless I had often felt ashamed of myself for not advancing more quickly than I had done in my profession, and the thought that by a change of residence, and by taking to a new style of painting more promising of success than the last, I might possibly bring myself a tnm of luck, was quite enough to keep me from drowsiness. I tossed about, thinking f a hundred things which I will not have the impertinence to set down here ; for the hopes we form for our own happiness can interest only ourselves, and we have no need to tell them to others. Next morning I rose betimes ; so early, indeed, tbat not withstanding wo were in the mouth of May the sun had scarce risen when I was dressed; and as quickly as possible I began to pack. I had not many things ; but still there were enough to take mo two hours in stowing away ; for there wore knick-knacks I held slear; gifts from relations dead and gone . relics of an old home years since left to be filled by strangers ; koopsakes of an only brother who . But we are not talking about that, and I think I bad better go on. It was seven o'clock before I had done, and fully eight beforo I had breakfasted off the remnant of a leg of mutton, and risked an interview with Mrs. Fike to tell her that I was going into tho country, and that if I found a room to suit me I should not return, but merely send for my luggage. 1 was not sorry to be rid of this part of the business, for Mrs. Pike had frowned severely during all my speech, and it was with much relief that I sot off at last for tho station ; a knap sack on my back, and a travelling easel, amps tool, field umbrella, and mostiek under both my arms. The terminus I was bound for was Pad- dington, and the train I sought, tho 9.15, for Maidenhead. Although it was a lovely day — ono of those which make tho pulse beat high and the blood glow warm — tho station was almost empty. A dozen passengers at most had answered to the- call of tho bright morning, and for a moment I thought I was going to travel alone in my third-class car riage. But just as the train was starting a lagger hurried on to the platform. " What elass ?" shouted a guard. " Third," was the modeBt answer. Bang wont tho door, the carringe began to movo, and I bad a fellow wayfarer with me. At first I did not pay much attention to him, for the sight of the country to my town- sated eyes was ono so full of novelty and freshness that I felt all absorbed by it. But as the early impressions of green fields and windmills wore off, I remembered that my fellow-travellor had raised his liat upon entering. I had, of course, returned his bow, but this form of salutation is so rare between men in England, that 1 thought of it again and gave a look at my companion to Bee what sort of man ho was. Now that time and tho remembrance of a friendship never to bo forgotton have im pressed thoso grave and thoughtful features upon my heart in lines which each day and year grow deeper, I can still recall the face f Michel Termo as it appeared to me in that momont whilst we were yet strangers. He was studiously reading a book — the Republic f Plato, in the Greek original — and was so intent upon it that neither the joltings of the train nor the draughts of wind through the pen sides of the carriage could mako him lift his eves. He seemed to be about thirty; i but liis slight and stooping frame, toge- o.tlicr with tho unusual thinuess and paleness of liis face, caused him at timc3 to look much older. He had a alight black beard and moustache, rich black bair, out very short, and silvered in places above tho tem ples by tinges of grey. His hands and feet were Bingularly small, and the former were white as those of a woman. His dress was that of a man in the upper ranks of life, but poor and careful. That is, everything on ' him was scrupulously neat and clean ; only his clothes were threadbare from brushing. His gouoral appoarauce denotod a scholarly, well-bred nature, and impelled me instinc tively to respoct for and confidence in him. But I had not yet encountered his glance, and it was not until a sudden gust of wind more violent than usual forced him to look p a moment, that I could judge to the full how mild and earnest was tho expression upon his placid features. Thero was something in his look as irresistibly attractive as tho magnet is to steel, and something in his smilo — when smile he did at tho fixedness of my stars— that was not only heartily kind but posi tively touching. "What beautiful 1 weather we have," I said, as a sort of apology for my rudeness ; and growing rod at finding that my words thus abruptly jerked out were far from hav ing the tone of amiability and deference I wished to infuse into them. " Yes, indeed," answered my companion in a genial voice, and at tho same time he closed his book and glided it quietly into his pocket. There was not much in this net; but the mnpretending politeness of it did not escape ne, In laying aside an interesting work to talk of the commonplace topics of railway gossip with a commonplace stranger, my fellow passenger did no more perhaps than apy other well- bred man would have done in his plaee. But it was the way in which lie did this thing that gave the value to it. It was tho manner of his smile as he encour aged me by a look to continue my say ; and I felt for the first time, as I saw that look and smile, how true it is that politeness and charity are sistor-kin. It is a pity that there should bo no other plausible method of beginning a conversation than by exchanging truisms upon the wea ther. It seems stupid to tell a man that the sun is up when ho can well see this for him self ; but what is one to do ? And was it altogether dulness on my part if 1 found nothing else to say in my next remark but that the sky appeared likely to keep bright all day? "Writers havo maligned your' English climate," replied my companion, turning his eyes to the beautiful scenery around ns ; and I then noticed for tho first time, from a slight foreign tone in his accent, that he was not an Englishman. I forget what I next said ; but it does not matter, for from that moment it was my fellow-travellor who talked and 1 listened. All I did was occasionally to throw in a word, as a man casts faggots into a fire to keep up the flame ; but I feared to lose a single syllable of what thiB foreigner said, for never, either beforo or since, have 1 met any one who conversed as ho did. All sub jects seemed to be familiar to him ; and without making a parade of his knowledge, he had the wonderful art of breathing in terest upon evory word he spoke, and of say ing instructive things where anothor man would only have uttered platitudes. Yet by a strange phenomenon he appeared to be sparing of his words. There was nothing like volnbility in his talk. It took him but few phrases to interpret a thought, and his expressions, which were always happy, wero also Bingularly terse. Ho had the tone or manner of what is termed a practical talker ; he seemed to be by nature both shy and silent, as most great scholars are, and his talking must have been rather a task to him than otherwise. But it was of a piece with his courtesy and utter unselfishness. He talked becauso he saw I wished him to do so ; he talked because the few remarks I here and there let fall had insensibly-assumed the form of questions ; andhad theso reasons not been sufficient, he talked because he saw by my appearance and accoutrements that I was on artist, and art was a thing eo fair and good in his eyes that he claimed all its votaries, even the humblest, for his friends. The voice of the guard who shcuted " Maidenhead," more loudly than the mat ter required, fell unweloomelv on my ear after an honr's travelling, for I was not pre pared to bid so soon good-bye to my new quuintanco. I locked at him wistfully as I gathered up my things, and inwardly de liberated whether I should not go on with him and take a new ticket. Rat this was to be a day of surprises, and I have rarely since experienced the pleasure I felt when I saw my companion take up his carpet bag to alight. " Do we part here?" he asked, when wo both stood upon tho station platform, " or do our journeys still lie in the saino direc tion ? I am going to Cookham." " And so am I," I exclaimed, glad of the coincidence, and showing it on my face. " Tanl mieux, then," he said, gaily, " comes jucundus in via pro vehiculo est;" and laughing together at the freaks of Hazard, that eecentrio disposer of tho ways of men, we set off in company up tho high road. Said I, after we had been walking a few minutes and (gaiued the river bank, which my companion assured me was tho plea- santest wav : " I shall be obliged to ask you to be ray guide, for I kuow nothing of theso parts ; and when ws roach Cookham perhaps you will be able to tell mo where is the Willow Farm ?" " Truly," answered the stranger, " for I Eve there." This made ns both stsp and look at each other: " Can it ho tbat wo are on the samo errand ?" 1 asked. "Not quite, I am afraid," answered my new friend, coloring, " for tho lodgings yon aro going to look for wero hired by mo yes terday. 1 was on my way now to take pos session." "lt'3no matter," I answered ; "wo will go on, and I shall no doubt find a room of some sort in' the village ; if not, I can always come back to Maidenhead or Bray." " I fear you will scarcely find what you want at Cookham," said ho, iu a sorry tone ; ' ' but you must be my gue3t at luncheon to day, and Mrs. May, who knows the neigh borhood, may bo able to help ns out of our difficulty." I thanked liiin for this proposal, and wo rcsnmod our journey. Our road lay 11 the way along the river path, through fields fresh abloom with early flowers, and grass as soft to tho feet ns velvet. Opposite a thick dark road that stretched its length for three good miles along theBuckinffliauishire- coast, threw a vast unmoving shadow across tho fi7er and made tho water seem deep rtnd calm as that of a lake. The occasional leap of some restless jack or perch out of his limpid bod was the only thing to ruffle the smoqth surface of the stream, and the peaceful, almost solemn quietness of tho whole scene was scarce broken by tho chance song of invisible birds whs trolled their notes from out of the leafy depths ef treos. Abovs us tho sky liad not a fleece upon its dazzling mantle of blue. Tho sua shone clear and goldlike ns became the season, and spring had never seemed lovelier and fairer to me. My companion broke the silence we had both kept in the presence of Nature, and pointed to a little house standing alone at some hundred yards from tho river bank at a quarter of a mile ahead of us. " That's tho Willow Farm," lie said, "and unless my cyos docoive me I can see Mrs. May and her daughter in the garden." If by the word "farm" be exclusively meant a building devoted to the require ments of cattle, tho Willow Farm scarcely deserved its name. A simple but pretty house it was, with nothing of the farmer clement about it but what concerned those white oows which browsod in its meadow, and tho score of sturdy fowls strutting in its doorway. But thero wore also some pigeons, a many-colored multitude, which covered the sloping lawn by the river, and it was to tho wants of these that Mrs. and Miss May were ministering, when, after going through the house by the entrance in tho road, wo emerged from a clean red-tiled kitchen into the garden. " Ah, good day, Monsieur Tonne," said the elder of tho two ladies, in answer to my companion's bow, " you will find your room all ready aud prepared for you. Rose and I had only just (lone hanging up tno curtains when wo saw you in tho distance. Lot me take your bag and show you tbo way. " " Madame," said my friend, aftor making a second bojv to Miss May, who at that mo ment came up and blushed slightly at finding herself beforo strangers, ' ' Madamo, I bring you a fellow-traveller, who was bound for your house when I met him on tho way. As I am tho eauso that he lias taken this jour ney for nothing, can you not help mo to tell him whore he may find a lodging in your neighborhood ?" Mrs. May was a kind person of forty — easy and cheerful in her manners, she yet seemed little liko a farmer's wife ; but I was prepared for this, my companion having told me that she was tho widow of a clergyman, who had onco been in affluent circnmstancos. "Really," sho said, after rofloetiiig a little and shaking her head, " I am afraid thero is nothing to be had nearer this than Maiden head. Wo would lodge you here with plea sure, but wo had only one room to let ; tho house, you sec, is very small." My new friend turned to me with a geuerous impulse. "You are au artist," lie exclaimed, "if you paint landscapes, such a view as that one has from tho bedroom here would bo invaluable to you. It is you who must take those lodgings, and I who will go to Maidenhead." ' ' Come, come, " I said, shouldering my paraphurnnlia again, " I must run off if you talk like that. I have not come bore to turn you out of your lodgings, but to have an hour's talk with you. By and by I'll sot out on a voyage of discovery, and if you like to accompany me, why please do, but further than that do not trouble yourself about me. " I repeated the same tiling to Mrs. May, wlio looked at us both and then at her daughter Rose, as though to say there was no help for it. Tho good-natured lady lu d a stout basket filled with some sort of meal in her hand. She passed it to her daughter, who hail one like it, with injunctions to go on feeding the pigeons, and this done sho led the way to the herase, to show my com panion his bedroom. " Will you coino with mo?" said the latter, after making another effort to gain his point, and shrugging his shoulders in true French fashion at his ill success. ' ' Yon can wash yonr hands and brush off the dust." Miss Rose, recovering from har shyness, offered in a pretty way to tako care of my things whilst I went up. I therefore laid down my sketching apparatus and knapsack on the crass and followed my new friend and his landlady into the house. " This way," cried Mrs. May from the first step of a venerable oak staircase, dark from age and bright as ebony from polishing, " this way, and mind you don't slip, gentle men. This 'staircase must remind you of France, Monsieur Terme, but would you be lieve that when we first came hero I found it hidden nndcr an ugly carpet that had not been taken up I am snre for twenty years ? " The foreigner nodded at the remembrance of his own land, but turning round to say something to him, it appeared to me that his smile was forced and sad. The landlady continued to chatter and, with an air of womanly triumph, when wo had reached the first landing threw open a bedroom door. " There !" she said, and this word meant as clearly as possible, ."If you can find fault here you must be hard to please." The Frenchman had not exaggerated the merits of this fino room when he called it in valuable to an artist. It was just such a room as a painter would dream of when too poor to build a house of his own, and too luckless ever to light upon a good dwelling for little money. Mrs. May ran abont gaily dusting speck- less objects, drawing np blinds, and showing tho joy of a hostess at the sight of our en thusiasm. She explained to me that the farm formed part of what had once been Cookham Hall, famous in the annals of Par liamentary warfare. Most of the old man sion had been destroyed ; the farm had been built over a remnant of it, and we were then standing in the bedroom of one Sir Gavin Hale, long time deceased. The apartment underneath, and very closely resembling it, waa part of the old library ; it was now used as the form drawing-room, and the lodger was to have the sole use of it during the day, provided Mrs. May, her daughter Rose, ana her son, a school boy of twelve, were allowed to share it with him in the evening. 'g, When the landlady had Baid all this and ascertained that there was water in the jugs, clean towels on the horse, and a cake of scented "brown Windsor" in the soap dish, she reminded us that dinner would bo ready punctually at ono, and asked leave to withdraw. When we were alone the first thing my companion did was to take out his pooket book and to hand me his card. "It's almost time we made acquaintance," he said laugh ing. " My samo is Michel Tenne." " And mine John Wool," I answered ; "but," added I, struck by a sndden remombrauce, ' ' my namo must be loss known to you than yours is to me : Mioboi Terrao is the name of one of tbo first liberal writers ef the French press." Ho became very red : " Do yen know French ?" he asked. Enough to road tho Dibats each tiino I go to our Artists' Club in Soho Square," I replied. " And are you a liberal ?" " Yes, heartand soul." " We shall bo friends then," said he, with a sparkle in his eyes, and he held out his hand to me. If I have dwelt thus at length upon the details of my first meeting with a man I loved so deeply, I have done so from that feoliug which it is impossible to stifio when we are thinking of one who has been our friend, but whose smile we may never more see again on earth. That day when we first met was the first of a year of unclouded happiness to us both ; every hour of it has left its impress upon my memory, aud I liavo only to look within myself to see tho picture of it engraved upon my heart iu colors so bright aud lasting that thoy are as fresh now as thev were ton years ago. Michel Termo would not have been a Frenchman hxd he not, after our shake of the hands, indignantly scouted the notion that I could go and lodge anywhere but under tho samo roof as he. Mrs. May was again callod into council, and then admitted readily that she. had auotlior spare room, but that Bhe had thought it too small and plain to offer us. Tho. room turnod out, however, to be neither too small nor too plain. An assortment of stray furniture re cruited hither and thither from all the rooms of the liouse ; a little scrubbing and a little carpoting had soon given it a habitable ap pearance. The only question to he docidod was who should have it, each of us insisting upon ceding the big room to the other. 1 was happy enough at last to settle the matter by declaring point-blank that the small room, being a garret and lienco high situated, com manded a better view of tho couutry than the other, and consequently was more to my mrpose. Michel Terme shook his head, but le gavo in. Our first week at the Willow Farm glided by in almost total idleness. Both of us woro bent upon working hard, but from its very commencement our friendship bocamo in tense ; and we found we had as much to talk about ns two old school-fellows met after a long absence. Michel Torino told me his history, aftor the impulsivo mannor of his countrymen when they have made a friend, that is, without hesitation or re ticence. He was the son of one of the eon- vcntionnch of. the first Republic. His father had married late, and, having suffered per secution for his opinions at tho hands of Na poleon I., Louis XVTII., and Charlos X., had brought up Michel in hatred of all that resembled arbitrary power. Whoa the old man died the boy was only sixteen, and at tweuty the orphan lost his mothor. Ho was then a student of law at the University of Paris, and had just begun to contribute au- nonymously to a paper of extreme radical views. This paper was ono of those that most actively prepared the revolution of 184S, a revolution uito which Michel throw himself with the wildest enthusiasm. When it broke out he was twenty-throe years old, a member of the French Bar, aud already known amongst men of letters for his bril liant stylo of writing. His ardor, his sin cerity, and, above all, his bitter, passionate eloquence, soon .brought him prominently forward, and ho became ono of the most favorito orators in tho popular clubs of the " Mountain Party." Thrown into prison by General Cavaignao, after tho barricades of June, bo suffered two years of confinement at Belle Isle : but baying obtained his liber- ation in 1850, ho offered himself as candidate for tho National Assembly, aud was elected at the head of an overpowering majority by one of the constituonoic3 of Paris. This honor, modest as lie was, Michel could never alludo to without coloring and tremb ling from emotion ; and one day, in telling me how tho workmen who had elected him had carried him in triumph through the streets of tho capital to tho Palace of tho Assembly, he broke down and burst into tears. Of course, Michol Termo took his seat in tho Houso as au uncompromising republican. He was one of that ardent group who prophesied that Louis Napoloon was playing tho nation false ; and when tho coup d'etat of 1851 occurred, he was amongst the first to be arrested,' cast into gaol, and subsequently banished. Since that time ho had lived in England, earning his living by sending articles to tho Journal des Dil>ats and the Revue des deux Mondcs. He had also published a History of tho Revolution of 16118, and liad now come to Cookham to be undisturbed whilst he set himself to write a new book on political economy. Such was the tale of his life ; a sad and honorable re cord of brave deeds, honest struggling, and undaunted spirit. My own history was a very humble ono to compare with his. He asked it of mo, however, and I told it him. But it was ono of twenty words only. Brought up at Rugby, orphan at eighteen, artist at twenty, I had not yet, at twenty-four, found moans to distinguish myself. I was still unknown at an age when Michel Terme had been already famous, and, although I was not despondent as to tho future, yet it was with some chagrin that I noted how slow as yet my pace towards snccoss had been. "Work," said Michel, seriously, when I told him this — "Work leads as surely to success as idleness to ruin ;" and then taking up a sketch- booh of mine, ho added gravely, " I am glad that you have givon up portrait painting. " " You think it is not my lino ?" " I do not mean that," he replied ; " bnt personal independence and portrait painting go ill together. To succeed, you must pro stitute your pencil to perpetual flattery. Tho less true you are in painting others, so mnch the richer and more popular will you become. You must have no eyes for tho wrinkles of old women ; yon must be blind to the toothless gums of vain old men. You must have the tact to make ugliness seem fair, and insignificant coxcombs look noble and talented. In a word, you must be ever on the cringe, on pain of being deserted and losing your broad. A dreary life this, my friend, for a man who respects himsolf ; and a piteous lifo too, for it is questionable work at the best to seek fame by pandering to the vanity of one's fellow-creatures." With this he closed my sketch-book, and, looking to the setting sun — for it was even ing, and we wero in the garden — exclaimed, with his usnol pleasant smile, "And so it's a bargain, is it not ? We begin hard work to-morrow ; you witk a picture for next year's Academy ; I, with my book ; and we'll both keep eack other to the task." I have not yet spoken of llose May, who, living under the samo roof as Michel Terme and I, had necessarily becomo our daily companion. She was, in every sense of tho word, a lovely English girl, with bright auburn hair, clear bine eyes, and fair pmk featuroB, mode pinker still by the pretty, frequent blushes of maiden coyness. Having loBt her father when only nine, and having never before or since this bereavement been absent a single day from her mo ther's side, she had few acquaintances, knew little or nothing about the world, and was as completely pure in mind and spirit as it is possible for an angel or a saint to bo. Her timidity was not the effect of Bevore training. Her good-hearted mother had brought her up with the win ning kindness of an elder sister. But the father of Rose had been a contemplative, scholarly man, and his daughter had in herited his nature. She had not tho ready cheerfulness of her mother, but she had her mother's exquisitely gentle smile, her warmth of heart, and her soft, amiable, and touching voice. She was just eighteen when Michel and I came to stay at Cookham. ' She had been admirably- educated, and without pos sessing those vast stores of knowledge which are thought requisite to make a learned man, she yet knew more than the large majority of women, as . was evi dent by tho serious intelligent tone of her conversation. From tho first moment when we saw her, Michel Terme and I both felt that she waa a girl of neither ordinary beauty, nor ordinary goodness, and my friend, more keen in his appreciation at character than I, remarkod that thero were rays of genius and poetry in those qnist eyes of hers. Notwithstanding her shyness, Rose May was not long in becoming fast friends with us. A little awed ai first, a3 it seemed to me, by Michel's grave demeanor, she soon felt attracted, ns 1 had becu, by tho warmth of his smile, and the potent charm of his manner. Besides, there was that other at traction, all-powerful in the oyos of women, I mean tliat triple halo of courage, fame and misfortune that encircled my friend's brow like a crown. Often did I watch the earnest look of admiration that lit up the youug girl's eyes wlion, lod by chanoo to speak of the past, tho exile dwelt on his lost illusions, on tho dreams he had formod for his country's freedom, and on what those droams had cost him. The child's breast would heave at euch moments, the fervent eloquence would bring a flush of emotion to the sweet face, and Michol, proud of tbo innocent homage, would thank hor by a look such as gratitude itself might euvy. Witk me, although none tho loss confident and friendly, Roso May was not the Bame as. with Michel. She would reason and playfully argue with me, which sho noror did with him. But, on the other hand, I do net think sho would ever have come to me to confido a sorrow or ask for advice, whereas I am sure that from the moment when she first began to know him well, sho would havo appoaled to Mieliel without fear, in any hour of trouble, as she would ha ro done to a brother or a father. Tho reason of this is plain ; Mieliel Terme was a hero in hor eyes, whilst I was only a man. And so time glided on, linking us all faster to each other every day, until a year had slipped by, and the cup of our happiness, replenished with tho dows of this fresh life, was almost full to tho brim. It was thon that happoned what I am now going to rolato. One day — twelve months had passed and tho month of May had come round again — I wa3 painting in tho drawing-room, whoro T usually pitched my easol of an afternoon. Roso and hor brother Fred woro seated not far from mo near tho window. I had taken to teaching tho boy how to draw, and the one pleasure of his lifo had become the sketching of men and dogs with a pencil. That day was a half-holiday, and he had five clear hours before him during which to in. dulge his fancy undisturbod. Roso had boon gathering flowers, and was 'occupied iu sort ing them for a vase. Michel was upstairs in his room hard at work ; wo had not seen him Binco dinner-time. Mrs. May came in to fotch something whilst wo wero all three busy in our labors, and, as sho entorod, sho throw a glance around lior to see if Michel was with us. Not finding him, she sloppod near mo and said gravely, "Mr. Wool, you must really tell Monsieur Torme not to writo so much. Did you soo to-day at dinner how palo he was ? It seems he has boon up at liis desk for tho last two nights. You kuow, lie will fall ill and klE himsolf if he continues to lead suoli a life." I nodded despondingly, for I had tried that very morning to lure Michel away from his books, but without success. Ho had an important essay to finish, ho had told mc, and ho feared to lose tho thread of his demonstration, if ho allowed himself to be divorted by any othor subject. Poor fellow, ho did not liko to tell me that he worked thus becauso ho was in pressing need of money. Ho had brother refugees rely ing on him for thoir bread. Some of those men had families, and Michel Tenne, who would havo been well off had he kept for himself all ho earned, per formed prodigies each day, that his unhappy fellow countrymen might not feel the pinch of want. I found out nil this later, but I more than suspooted it then. 'I will do my bost again, Mrs. May," said I, rising to leave the room, ' ' but I am very much afraid it will be of little use." "Try, at all events," she repeated, "fori am getting anxious about him." As 1 passed by the table to go out, 1 ohservod that Rose May's eyes were fixed upon me with a strange expression. I noticed also that au unusual pallor had overspread her face. Surprised at this sudden change, I lingered until her mother had left tho room, to ask hor if sho was ill ; but boforo I could speak she had said quiokly, but with an accent such as I had never before heard, "Tell your friend that he must not overwork him self ; men like him nro too few in the world. " I mused upon this as I went upstairs, and, full of the words when I reached Michel's room, I thought I could not offer him a better inducement to come downstairs than by ropoating thom to him. I therefore gave him the message simply. He looked up at mo and blushed scarlet ; but groatly to my wonder ho laid down liis pon at once, and abandoned his work. "Did she roally say those words ?" ho asked of me as we came to tho door, and when I had an swered him, "Yes, upon my word," ho seized my hand and pressed it : " Merci, mon ami," said he, spoaking in French, as ho alway did under strong oxoitoment, and I fancied as ho said this that ho looked ten years the younger. "Yousoe, you have more power than I Miss May," cried I smiling, ns I led in Michel, " that which an hour's persuasion on my part had failed to accomplish two words of yours havo douo in a minute. " Roso May had risen trembling and was casting hor oyes on tho ground. Her pale ness had givon way to a blush as daep as Michel's when I had borno her own words to him. Something like a light flashed across mc. I lookod at thom both and then the scales fell from my eyos ; I felt I was ono too many in tho room, and I went out to leave them alone. I walked straight before mo to tho garden, to tho fields, to tho rivor. I did not look around me as I went ; I did not stop to examine my way ; I walked Btraight on. I had a vague idea that it was fine, that the heavens above mo were blue, that the grass beneath my feot was cool and flagrant, and that nature was gay and smiling on that day. I did not watch tho flight of time nor count tho hours ; I allowed them to flit un heeded by, and night itself, with its tall grey shadows, camo down to earth, with out my noticing it. Everything around mo seemed to wear a veil ; the landscape was steeped in mist, the Bong of the birds strnck faintly on my ears as the tongues of bolls when muffled, and still I sped on my way, cold at tho heart without knowing why, feeling as though something had been torn by a rude hand from my breast, but unable to know or ytft to guess what it was that was thus afflicting me. Eight o'clock struck from the tower of a neighboring church beforo I thought of stopping. I gazod around me ; 1 knew that church. It was there I came every Sunday with Michol and Mrs. May, and — and — Yes, yes, I had been there only tho day boforo. But it appeared to me as thongh tho church had worn a different look then. I had seen it in all weathers, and always had it soomod fair and holy to me. It looked damp and repulsive now, although tho moon was np and beaming with all itB brightness on the ivy-grown roof and steeple. I fled from it shuddoruig as from a charnel house. I sat down on a new cut marble tomb where six woeks before had been laid a young boy, gone to sleep before bis time. It was yet too early to go in. They — they at tho farm I mean — would still be up, and I did not want to go in nntil all tho house was silent. I lay down on the tomb and thought of tho child who slept beneath. Was death really but sleep, or was the spirit of that young body roaming amongst us still upon this weary earth ? How fresh and soft tho grass was, and how well that child mnst sleep I His brow was not throb bing like mine, his hands wero not hot and burning. Cool as the morblo above him, his young limbs were at peace. Yes, I know they coll that the cold of death; bnt if death was repose, why had that child been called to rest before me? Why had they not laid me in his place 1 I who hod no one to care for me? The moon was at its height when I rose. Midnight was past, and I walked back slowly through the fields on my way to tho farm. I knew now what it was tbat had been torn from my heart — it was a dream ; I knew now what it was that was drooping lifeless and cold within me — it was hope. I feared to meet those looks which every day had gladdened my haart and made my spirit buoyant. Reaching the house, I crept upstairs like a malefactor, quaking at the sound ef my own steps, trembling to meet a well-known form, and falling at last at the foot of my bed, tearful, half- dazed, and racked with emotion. I was jealous of my best, my only friend. How, and how long, had that love pos sessed me ? It had crept upon me unawaros, twisting its branches around my heart, as the tendril shoots of a strong youug vine, gaining in strength each day, and weaving their enthralling network until every fibre had been made fast. And this had boen done without my feeling it ; for, calm and secure in my quiet life, I hod feared no trial, had dreaded no rocks upon which my fair- sailed visions could over run and wreck. Michel ! Ah, yes, hnt Michel was my brother : ho was not for me what other men are ; and I had fancied that she too would never look upon him but as a brother. Each time they smiled I had noted their smiles with joy and without alarm. It had seemed to me that the sinilcs she gave to him were not tho samo as thoso sho bestowed upon me. Mine sseincd sweetest ; yes — I see it now — bocauso they wero mine ; but why oould I not iliscorn in time that lore was on her lips when sho spoke to him, whereas friendship only was all she ever gave to me. There are hours which we mark in our memory with a brand of fire. Such were the hours of that night in May. When morning broke I was no longer young. My youth had fled between tho sotting and the rising of the sun ; sorrow had employed that night to mako a man of me. I forget what excuse I made when I saw thcra all. I think I forged some story about a friend I had mot, in order to explain iny late return. Mrs. Hay observed that I looked unwell — "Those sudden meetings with friends we never expectod to soo aro often trying," I said in reply; "they tell upon one's norves." "Upon one's heart, you mean," said Michel, with his loving smile. "Bravo gargon ! your nerves arc sound as over, but it's your heart that's so tender and good." I hurriedly left tho room, for 1 had not yet schooled myself to bear my cross ; my wonnds wore still bleoding ; tbat new-born jealousy bad not yet been torn with a reso lute hand. I needed time and solitude ; with these, and a strong will, a man may yet hopo to subdue himself. During the next fortnight I kept my room. I gave myself out for ill — as truly 1 was — and pleading a need for rest, I steadfastly vowed that I would remain alone until I could trust myself to act as I should with out faltering. Michel was never to suspect my secret — that must remain a thing be tween my heart and me ; and my face must be trained to bucU stoical calmness that not a shade nor a look upon it should ever re veal the truth. This silent, hidden struggle against my inner self was not devoid of a certain grim and stubborn joy. The fiercest enemy tliat a man can have is his own pas sion, and if it bo often torture and death to struggle against this foe, there is yet a stern pride to be gained as the price of victory. I strove therefore with such strength as God hail given mc, until resolution had pressod it3 iron stamp upon my lips. I then opened mv door and went downstairs again. I found them in the drawing-room, seated very near each other, and bath revising to gether the proof-slips of Michel's new book, which had been sent to him from Paris. They gave a cry of pleasure, and ran towards me with hands outstretched as soon as I made my appearance, and all thoughts of work were laid aside at once for that day. Rose May ran up to fetch my straw hat and my stick, and insisted that wo should mako a holiday of it by sponding our afternoon on the river. Michel suggested a water excursion to Windsor ; Mrs. May added the proposal of a pic-nic in the Home Park — Michel and a waterman were to row, Fred was to steer, anil Rose for the occasion was to don a new muslin dress and a bewitching hat of white rice-straw that had just arrived from London. They took me for the gayest of the party : so well (as I thought !) did I play my part, I assented to everything ; threw myself into their amusements with such apparent spirit tliat they were pleased and delighted at the thought they had had of making this break in our lifo of work. Fred kept us all laugh ing like cliililren with his merry jokes and schoolboy humor. Our waterman, too, hap pened to he an oddity, and contributed bis share to our fund of mirth by novel views upon men aud things. Those who met us upon the river must have taken us for a wedding party, and me with my white waist- coat and the pmk m my button-nolo — it was Rose who had placed it there — for the bride groom. What would they have thought liad tkey known that the man who was laughing the loudest in this joyous crc\v — yes, the man who lookod like the bridegroom— was feeling his head split with dospair and pain, and whilst gazing upon the water that washod its clear ripplos round tho bows of the boat, he was thinking of those whom, happier than he, that river had engulfed, and was envying them their weed-grown bed, where no sound #£ human grief could wake them. If Providence had purposely wished to wring my heart by showing me more fair and lovely than over the prize I had lost, it could not have endowed Rose with more grace aud beauty than she wore on that day. If a pitiless fate had resolved to mako mo hate my friend in spite of myself, and in spite of my vow, it could not have made Michel look more happy, more hopeful, and more thoroughly confident. But I did my duty ; I stifled feeling ; and Rose, as she leaned on my arm in Windsor Park (out of sisterly attention for tho "in valid ") could imagine that there was not in England a man more happy than I. She talked to me of my labors ilurig tho past year, of the progress I had mode in my art, of the success which a picture of mine was at that very moment obtaining at the Royal Academy's exhibition in London. She took out of her little pooket a small parcel of favorable notices she had out out of dif ferent papers, and prettily tied together with blue ribbon. She showed me tho lines where John Wool was spoken of as a " rising artist, destined to bccotne one" of the glaries of the English School. " And in a gay whisper con fided to me the secret tbat she had intended asking me to take them all to London — hor, her mother, and Michel — to see this famous picture they had watched me work at. And all this she said in a tone to make mo mad. Her pretty speech and happy smiles formed something fascinating beyond the power of words to tell, and I folt hopelessly miserable. For no, it was not possible to dooeive my self. I could Bee that there was merely in nocent friendship in all her words. It was not love. I could discern the difference when I talked of Michel, and when then, of a sudden her arm pressed closer to mine, whilst her upturned face, attentive to catoh my words, flashed, as I praised her lover. I was speaking of how much I owed my friend. I was honest and sincero in that moment. I remem bered the good his brave example and manly counsels liad done me, and out of the fulness of my heart I spoke the truth. I said I loved him as a brother, aud would gladly lay down life or happiness if either could give liim content. Whereupon she stopped me, and looking at mc with eyes brimfull of tears, said : " If I were a man and wished a friend, I would have him be like yon." That day passed uneventfully save in one respect, that, on coming back by river to Cookham towards nine o'clock at night, Michel was seized with a violent fit of oough- ing, which obliged him to abandon his oar. I took his place, although he protested against my doing so, after "having been ill so long but I entreated to have my way, for I had been struck by something peculiar in his cough, and although ho assured us it was nothing, yet I felt, without knowing why, a vague sense of anxiety. (It seemed to me that when I hod gained my point, and was insisting upon wrapping up Michel warmly, Rose May's eyes were fixed upon me in gratitude ; and I am certain that when I took off my own scarf to put round my friend's throat, I heard a voice — not Michel's — whisper " Thank you.") The next day we resnmed our homely lifo, Michel toiling hard and ooaselessly as before to publish the book, for which £400 had been promised him ; I working to drive : thought away and to keep my spirit in sub jection. Work is perhaps the most powerful of all balms to sorrow ; happy these who can employ it. But whereas I had hoped that each day > would help to alleviate my pain, it was not ; without a fearful heart-ache that I began to eos how caeh day, on tho contrary, I needed moro work to keep myself from wavering. Also, I noticed tliat I was daily losing in bodily strength, that my face was becoming wan, my eyes haggard, and that my features, instead of preserving a oalin, collected look, were fast assuming an appearance of settlod wretchoduoss. Michol attributed this to overwork, and implored mo to tako some rest. But he too, was strangely altering, and I, ns anxious about him ns Rsse was, complained that in thiuking of others he was neglecting himself. Ever siuoo tho boat day that cough, which I liad onoc or twice noticed before, but never thought at all serious, continued to hold and torment liim. Ho eoughod a groat deal of mornings ; I could hoar him through the floor of my room, which was situated ju3t above bis ; but be would laugh my fears away when I spoke on the matter, just ns I did too when he told me that something was up with me, and that 1 wa3 only the ghost of my former soli. Mrs. May, who observed us both, ondod at last by looking grave. She re monstrated earnestly, first with Michel and thon with me. To each of as secretly she said that the life of the other would bo en dangered if this continued, and by this means obtained tbat each of us separately would persuade his friend to take a ten days' holiday in London. Excellent, kind- lioartod woman, how far you were, with all your motherly tact, from guessing tho truth. It was settled wo should start as soon ns Michel had done revising liis proof-sheets, of which he had about a hundred more iu hand. Mrs. May agreed to accompany us and take R030 with her. Sho had an aunt in London, anil this occasion would bo a good ouo for paying hor a long-promiseil visit. It would also furnish Rose with tho opportunity of seeing the grsat city through which she had only passed once when a little girl ; so that tho trip, as things were arranged, scoihod destined to be a godsend to everybody. Michel's health was worse ; his cough was becoming more harsh and hectic, and Rase May, to my alarm, was fast losing hor color too. A settled melancholy hail fastened npon her ; tho sight of Michel's decline was blanching her face, and slowly but surely dimming those bright eyos whieli but a little while before had beamed so clear and peacefully. Her smile was goue, nnd when she lookod at Michel, who, struggling man fully against his illnoss, continued te tell us that thero was nothing to fear, tho convul sive quivering' of both her lips was soarce controlled by the efforts sbo made to hide her anguish. This new cause of grief added to the fearful apprehensions I already had about Michel Terme, waa making the burden of my own sorrow too heavy to be borne. My sufferings wore of the kind to which un certainty lends double bitterness. I felt that the time had come to kuow the truth. I resolved to find out what the matter really was with Michel ; to clear up iny terrors about his state of health ; to fathom liis feel ings with regard to Roso ; and if his heart, as I truly thought, was as wholly hers as mine was, to do iny bost to bring about their marriage. Michel had only- ten more pages to revise, a couple of hours' work at most, and we wero to start for London in two ikiys. We wore all gathered together, each doing some- thing to while away the evening, but all of us more sad and silent than usual. A few words I had ventured onoe or twioc in hopes of inducing Mrs. May or Roso to speak had boen suffered to fall unheeded, and the scratching sound of Michael's pen on the printed paper of tho "slips" was all that could bo heard in the room. At a quarter to ten I laid down my book, and the evening being clour aud fino, I walked out for a mo ment on to tbo lawn to make up my mind, by a few minutes' solitude, for the resolution I had taken of speaking to Michel that very night ns soon as ho should have retired to his room. I could not havo boen absent more than ten minutes before I heard a piercing cry of alarm, and the samo moment Mrs. May appearod pale and breathless at the window, and called to me in a terrified voice to eome in: "Be quick, Mr. Wool, there's an accident happened ; Monsieur Termo has fainted !" In less timo than it takes to write it I had rushed back to the houso, my heart throb bing so violently tliat I could hear it beat. Michol was lying on tho floor quito sense less ; Mrs. May was raising his head, and Rose, very pale, was loosening his necktie. "Run off at onco for the doctor," I crioil hurriedly to Fred, who was standing there dumfoundod ; and I knolt down by iny friend in a state of mind impossible to describe. I am no doctor, and even had I boon, my scionce could have stood me in little stoail ill such a momont. All I could ilo was to lay my own trembling hand upon Michel's fore head, then to take him np in my arms as if he had been a child, and to carry him to his room. I laid him upon his bod and tried all the restoratives that cuatem proscribes ; but it was not until half an hour — half an hour during which not a word escaped tho lips of cither Roso, Mrs. May, or me — that ho opened his oyes and looked nround him. And then — and then, with that fatal instinct which unveils our sight wlion Death is rais ing its hand to strike ono of those we love, I knew that I was about to loso my friend. He turned his oyes with a gentle tender look upon me, and said with a smile that rent my heart — "Do not cry, pauvre ami, " ho said ; "nay, you must not sob so, for I myself have need of all my courage to leave you." Ho twined his arms round my ncok and drew my head to his breast. " Pity, pity, dear friend," he faltered, " you don t know what your tears are costing mo — yon must not unman me in such a moment." His voice here sunk to a whisper. "Closer, closer to mo, my brother," he murmured, softly, "I wish to speak in yonr ear. John, you should not have kept your secret from me. It was good and noble to conquer your love for friendship's sake ; bnt — but," hero ho pressed his lips to my chsok and kissed me — " but you ought not to havo thought that I oould ever accept that sacrifice — you loved her, dear boy, and I knew it." God be witness of the grief I felt when I heard theso words and found that all my efforts at self conquest had been vain, and that I had betrayed my socret. He saw tho expression on my face and guessed it. " No, no," he whispered, "you must not think that — I saw it— bocause — because" — here ho paused whilst a faint blush overspread his features — "because I was your friend, and that a socret, however well guarded, cannot escape the eyos of affection." At that moment we heard footsteps on the stairs, and Rose, who had left the room with her mother to fetch some stimulants for Michel, returned, showing in the doctor. He was a good and wise man this doctor ; honest, and unapt to disguise his thoughts. When ho looked at Michel I road his verdict in his face. Ho spoke but a few words and then left tho room. On the landing outride I stopped to quostion him ; I did not sec that Rose had followed me, and he, not thinking tho poor child's presence a reason for attenuating the truth, answered with a mournful shako of the head : — "The consumption has boen lingering many months ; some violent emotion, or else some secret sorrow, bos hastened the progress of the disease ; his state of danger can have been no secret to Monsieur Terme, and had he called me in three, or even two months ago, I might have saved him. It is too lato now. He will die." It was then that I turned round on hear ing a stifled groan and caught Rose in my arms as sho was falling to the ground, crushed by the weight of these words. But the shock had not left her senseless. "Let me go in," she said faintly, as I raised her up, "it's nothing, it will pass away in a minute;" and she disengaged herself from my arms, opened the door of Michel's room, and, walking np to his bed-side, knelt down beside it, bending her head over hor lover's arm. Mre. May, too mnoh afflicted to speak, was standing tearful and Bpeochlcss at the foot of the bed. Michel appeared aslocp, and tho silence of death, whose fearful shadow was drawing near, had already settlod upon as. What would I not have given in that minute if heaven had granted me the power of lighting up again within that noble body the tost flickering spirit that was preparing to take its flight ? What would I not have given if my life had been accepted as a sacri fice for him whose whole existence had. been trial, disappointment, and self-denial 7 There is a bitter raillory.in theso freaks of death, that mow down liefore their time the gentle and good ; there is a cruel sarcasm in those cold caprices, that allow the idle and useless to remain licro on earth, whilst thus : who aro the credit and pride of humanity aio rudely snatched away. I passed that uight praying earnestly on my kaces. It was the sight or Rose, who, watching by bcr lever's side, had first mur mured the namo of God, reminded mo that the judgo who dispouses lifo nnd death will sometimos stoop to mercy. But our prayers were vain, notwithstanding that with all the fervor with which hearts in sorrow ever cried to heaven, wo all three implored for him we loveil. The break of dawn found us still on our knees, anil we only roso when the first white ray of tho risiug sun falling upon Michel's bed, caused him slowly to awake out of that peaceful slumber which had prepared him for his eternal rest. _ He tried to sit uji, hut weakness prevented him, and I encircled liim with my anus to give him support. "Thank you," ho mur mured, faintly ; and then, after an effort to keep from coughing, ho laid one hand upon my shoulder, and said in a low tone : " Dear friend, I havo just hail a dream, hut you must not hear it alone ; I wish Mrs. May and Miss May to hoar it also." Tho (lying man made a sign for Rose auil her mother to approach ; ana wlion thoy were sufficiently near to hear him : " Yes, 1 havohadadreain," he oontinued, "I dreamed that bring of n sudden called to tako a long journey, ray only sorrow at setting out was, that I must leave two beings whom I loved with an equal love, nnd this thought afflicted mc. But I turned to them both in this moment of saduess, and asked them if thoy loveil me with the samo deep love with which I loved, tliem ; and when they auswered mo yes, and when I saw by their eyes that what tliey said was true — I asked them — I entreated them to love each other as they loved mo — and when they had promised me that thoy would, anil that in memory of me and tho love 1 bore them, tliey would live united all their lives — then! joiuedtheirhanils together, and — I kissed thom both — and I thanked thom for allowing me to depart happy." The kiss of '"his lips waa still warm on our brows when one of tlio bright horalda from the angel host appeared with a radiant toco to beckon my friend to his home. And having asked mo to look at that messenger, whoso hand, invisible to me, was hold out to bid him come, Mieliel laid bis hood upon my breast, and with a calm smile gave up his soul as pure aud spotloes as he had re ceived it. I havo but very few moro words to toll, Iu the quietest corner of Cookham churchyard I chose the sleeping-place of Michel Termo. If ever yon visit tho spot you will know it from tho other tombs around by the crowns of "immortelles," which certain poor French men who lived on Michel's bounty go each year on the 10th of October to lay upon it. It is a tomb with a marble slab, surmounted, according to tbo Roman Catholic custom, with a write cross, it bears, engraved upon it, the following words : — SACRED TO TUB MEMORY OF MICHEL TERME, WIIO DIED OK TUB lfrni OCTOBER, ' - - " " 1S56, ALSO TO THAT OF ROSE MAY, WHO DIED ON THE 20 HI 01' TUB SAME MONTH, IK THE SAME YEAR. 