THE MYSTERIOUS TRAVETT/TCR (From. English Society. J i WAS seated in a comfortable compart ment in a first-class railway carriage at London Bridge Railway Station one 24th December. The weather was horribly cold, and the wind was very high. My thoughts were far away down the liaef forfcy miles down, to Nettle ton, where I was going to spend my Christmas holi days with my uncle, Arthur Blucher, a few cousins, and Bessie Nolan. Giving a shilling to the guard, I requested him to lock the door, and I was left to my cigar, my evening paper, my Bradshaw, and my Bessie. As we slowly glided out of the station, I was somewhat surprised to see a tall, lank, white-faced gentleman walk up to my carriage door-which I paid the guard to lock-open it, step in, and take his seat opposite me. He was a most pe culiar-looking individual. His face was very long and painfully white; his eye was bright and restless; his hands, en cased in black kid gloves, had the appear ance of possessing a good deal of bone; his legs were awkwardly long; and to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shone like a plain white billiard ball. On entering the carriage he bowed to me, and after carefully gazing round him, smiled-such a smile-and taking out a black covered book, coiled himself up in a corner and buried himself in its contents. This strange being puzzled me considerably. "What could he be ? Per haps a doctor. No-his appearance would terrify any nervous patient. A lawyer ? Possibly an escaped lunatic, more pro bably. I determined to speak to him, for though 1 was not a coward, I did not like Jthe man. There was something tin earthly about him ; for now and then he would put down his book, gaze on the lamp above him, and laugh quietly, then fixing his eyes on me for a second, would relapse into a smile and continue his read ing. "Do you object to smoking ?" . I asked-I own with an effort. He took no notice of me. I repeated the question ; but in lieu of replying he twisted himself into an easier position, and went on with the black bound book. I must have soon fallen into a doze, but how long I slept I have little idea. When I awoke I felt the carriage oscillating vio lently, and to my herror and surprise, my companion had gone ! Tes, I was alone in the carriage. In another moment the air was filled with shrieks of agony and yells of despair, the escape of steam, and the crushing of wood. My carriage shook and groaned, and then tottered over on its side down the embankment; but, luckily for me, I was, with the exception of a few bruises, unhurt. Oh, what a sight, was before me! The 5.55 train from London had run into a goods train, and lay before me a wreck. Women, children and men, were buried under the debris ; while some like me had escaped without a scratch. We rendered all the assistance that lay in. our power to the poor creatures; and it wan not until the aun had risen on Christmas morning tha| we got sufficient hands together to clear the line. . Twenty-five people were killed in this awful accident, and over thirty severely injured. The news of the disaster had reached Nettleton some hours previous to my ar rival ; and when I had briefly narrated the painful facts of the case, I asked leave to go to my room, feeling perfectly un able to take part in the Christmas merry makings. I was glad enough to throw myself on the bed. I was no believer in ghosts ; and,yet what was the meaning of that man's mysterious entrance at Lon don Bridge, and his still more mysterious disappearance 1 Was it fancy ? Certainly not. Could it have been a warning of the,coming danger 1 I could not answer myself, but continued to ponder and ar gue. The few days' leisure that I had allowed myself went quickly enough, and my Net tleton visit was soon a thing of the past, and I was once again hard at work in the Inn. The long year passed away, and Christ mas came - again. I was, as usual, to Bpend my few days' holiday at Nettleton ; and I found myself once more in a first class carriage by myself, at 5.55, om the 24th December. The whistle was sounded, the engine shrieked, the train moved, the door opened, and HE entered the carriage, smiled in the same deathlike manner as he had smiled twelve months ago, took his seat, produced the black book, and read in silence. I do not think I was very much surprised at seeing him, for he had been in my "mind's eye" all the year; but a cold perspiration came over me ; I felt a sinking at my heart and a burning pain flew to my head. "Man if man you be-" I said, fixing my eyes on the figure, " If you have come to warn me of any coming danger, speak to me, I am. brave enough to hear the worst." He lifted his eyes from his book, yawned, closed the volume, and settled himself to sleep. "No," I cried, "you shall not evade my question; you must answer me. What will happen ? Why are you here ?" He roused himself, and looked at me with a smile upon his hard lips; he then took out a small pocket- book and | wrote on a page, which he tore off and handed me, these words, " We shall meet to-night." I read the five words over and over again but could not fathom their meaning. I was painfully certain, in my own mind, that some other terrible calamity of some kind or other would happen before long, and that I read my writing on the piece of paper I held in my hand. I kept my eyes fixed on him for ?some time ; but na ture at length ruled, and I fell asleep not into a sound slumber, but into a trou bled fretful series of dozes of an unre freshing and feverish character. 1 was aroused by the train slackening speed; and on looking out of the window, found we had arrived at Nettleton junction, and I was the only occupant of the carriage. Hastily gathering my traps together, I got out of the haunted carriage, and en quired of a porter if my uncle had sent over any conveyance for me. Yes, there was a dog-car^. Before leaving the. sta tion I asked the station-master if he was 'silre that the train from which I had alighted was the express from town. " Yes, sir," was his answer, " through .from London Bridge." What an awful ride I had on that dark Christmas-eve ! At every turn of the road I thought we should be overturned; whenever the horse improved his pace, I made up my mind that he had bolted ; but in spite of my fears, we arrived safe at Nettleton House, and received a hearty welcome, as of yore. All agreed that'? was far from well. "Bless the boy," said my aunt, "you look as pale as though you'd seen a ghost." I - stammered out sometlring about the closeness of London, and weu upstairs to dress for dinner. ^ How I got through the meal, I have very little idea. Bessie muBt have thought me very stupid ; for I made few remarks, and answered her questions in monosyl lables. There was to be a dance, as usual, in the evening, and I was engaged, of course, to Bessie for the opening quad , rille ; but I made so many foolish blun 1 ders, and, as my sweetheart told me, looked so very unwell, that I had to leave off. " Come intp this room, dear," Bessie said; " it is far cooler there, and more quiet." We entered. I started back with a look of horror en my face ; for there, by the mantleshelf, stood my mysterious railway companion with a glass of sherry in his hand. "Bessie," I said earnestly, "come away, come away, for heaven's sake !" " Why, whatever is the -matter, Char ley ? You look. so terribly frightened," she said. But I heeded her not; for I could not think of anything but the phantom be fore me. He approached, with that cursed smile upon his face, and held out his hand. Bessie looked up laughingly at his face, and said, " Charlie, won't you Bhake hands with Doctor Linton 1" " Who-who is he ?" "Why, Doctor Linton, the deaf and dumb gentleman." For a moment my brain whirled round, and I can remember but indistinctly what immediately followed. I saw Bessie mak ing signs with her fingers, and the Doc tor replying to her in the same manner. This was what I learned in calmer mo ments. The Doctor was deaf and dumb, and a season ticket holder on the line ; and as he could not always make the porters un derstand him, lie was allowed a private key. He lived at a little village some five miles from the London side of Net tleton, and the managers of the line stopped the 5.55 for him out of courtesy. So my ghost vanished with the expla nation. I shook him warmly by the hand, and with the assistance of my Bessie, in formed him of my doubts and fears, at which he laughed heartily. My spirits soon returned, and by the time the last dance was announced, no one was happier than myself. Bessie and I were married the following Christmas, and conspicuous among our guests was my "First-class Ghost." LOVE WILL FTT.L OR CURE. SOME time ago a young Scotch nobleman who had a large estate in Scotland had occasion to go to Glasgow on public busi ness. His father resided there. He tra velled by one of the stage coaches. When they were changing horses at one of the stations two girls were admitted as pas sengers to Glasgow. This nobleman looked at the girls, and was struck by the loveli ness of one of them. The more he looked at her the more he thought about her; love entered his breast; it was a love that never could be removed, and it.nearly cost him his life. It was Ins first love. On their arrival in Glasgow, he assisted both the girls .down from the lop of the coach, and was then determined to hold an inter view with them. He gave the waiter of the hotel some orders as to Ms luggage, thinlring that the girls were still standing beside him ; but, behold, when he looked round they were gone. He immediately went in pursuit of them, but unfortu nately he took the wrong road. He re mained in Glasgow for about a month, tramping the streets neaxlynightandday, thinking Always to meet with the object of his affection. He advertised for them in all the local newspapers, but no adver tisement was ever answered. He then went home, and for nearly three years he was never seen beyond the threshold j of his door. Eveiy person wondered I what could be the matter with the young ! nobleman. Doctors were brought from ' Glasgow and Edinburgh to visit him, but . no one could tell what his complaint was. j He had a brother a captain in a dragoon 1 regiment. He brought down with him a celebrated doctor from London to see his brother. After remaining at the castle for about a month, he took the captain aside one morning and told him he was sure it was a love affair that was the mat ter with his brother. "Oh no," replied the captain, " I never knew my brother to love any lady." " Well," said the doc tor, " if that is not the case, there is a heavy burden hanging on your brother's mind ; if he does not reveal that secret to you or some confidential person, death will be his portion in a very short time." In a few daya after the captain and doctor had returned to London. ?? The young no bleman was now aware that his life would be but short. He went to Glasgow again to his factor to have his wordly concerns settled before he died. When he was go ing down Aigyle-street, whom should he meet but the two identical girls! The moment he beheld the object of his af fection his spirits revived; she was the physician he required. He followed them from street to. street, and from lane to lane, till they entered a ahop in the Tron gate opposite to where his factor resided, and by good, luck he was personally ac quainted with the merchant. After the girls had purchased several articles, the merchant said-" Maria, you are to dine with me to-morrow at four o'clock." " Oh, yes," replied" the girl, "and if it be a good afternoon my mother is coming also." After the girls left the shop, the young nobleman said to the merchant-"You are acquainted with these girls V' His reply was-" I am their uncle." " They are to dine with you to-morrow ; I wish you would make me one of your guests at table." "J am sure," replied the mer chant, " there is not a man in Glasgow that will be more welcome to my table. But you remember I have not the stately rooms that you have at your castle." " I don't care," replied the nobleman, "al though you had only a thatched cottage. I am the happiest man in Glasgow at this present moment. I will call at your house an hour before dinner, and will give you an explanation of what I want." After the interview with the merchant, he told him the girl was no match for him, as she was only a poor dressmaker in Glasgow. The young nobleman and Maria, after dinner, retired "to another room. In twelve dayB after the poor dressmaker was sitting in one of the stately rooms in the castle, and had her coach and ser vants at her command. The captain came from London to the celebration of the marriage. He fell in love with the other girl, and in three months after she was tha wife of Oantnin _ of . ? Dragoons. I V* -J". G. T., in the ' People's Journal. 