EDITION. fittest PBIHCESS LOUISE CRUSHING.—We are informed by Mr. George Williams that the result of the crushing of the specimens received from the Princess Louisa Mine is as follows:—Quantity crushed, 17 cwt. 19 lbs.; result in smelted gold 129 ozs. 9 dwt, 18 grs., or at the rate of 160 ozs. to the ton. A crushing of 40 lbs. of stone taken from the parallel reef to the one from which the larger quantity was obtained yielded a button of gold weighing 15 dwts. We ur derstand that the gold will be exhibited at the shop of Mr. Williams, the stationer's, this afternoon. CAPTAIN -ANTHONY.—The Secretary of the North Australian Gold Prospecting ana Mining Company has received a telegram from Captain Anthony stating that his party with horses had arrived safe and well at Port Darwin. UNIVERSITY ASSOCIATION.—A general meeting of this Association has been convened for this afternoon, in the Town Hall Arbitration-Room, to consider the proposal of the Government as communicated in a letter from the Hon, Chief Secretary. ' NORTHERN TERRITORY PBOsPEcrmct. —Th- Secretaiy of the Enterprise Prospecting Associae tion has received the following telegram from their manager, Mr. B. R. Ackroyd:—" Horses and Rawson arrived by Gothenburg. All well; good news shortly. THE EDUCATION Axrr IN VICTORIA.—Mr. Jas. Hosking has just returned from Victoria, where he had an opportunity of seeing thoroughly the werking of the new Education Act. The utmost courtesy was extended to him by the authorities, and a special permit was given him to inspect any of the Government schools he chose to visit. Availing himself of this liberty, he visited the chief institutions in Melbourne, the suburbs, and in some of the country towns, and the result of his examination is in every way confirmatory of the satisfactory reports which have reached UB from other sources as to the operation of the measure. He was especially struck with the efficent "staff of assistants and pupil teachers which was provided by the Government for every school—a feature which ho feels strongly should be introduced into any Act passed in the colony. At present a master is com' pelled to engage his own assistants—a proceeding which at the end of the year leaves him little for his own labour. In Victoria a head master is enabled to get from £400 to £700 a year, and his keep are all paid by the State. The largest school in Victoria under the new Act, Mr. Hosking informs us, musters about 1,060 children. SMOKING ON RAILWAYS.—"The practice of smoking in the ordinary railway carriages is a growing nuisance, and requires the attention of the authorities," remarks our Salisbury correspondent, who adds—" In one compartment the other evening there were six men puffing away, almost choking the unfortunate people who happened to be caged with them." BABBABOUS CBUELTY.—An act of consummate cruelty to a horse was perpetrated at Willunga a few days ago, when to induce obedience the animal was stabbed five times in the thigh with a penkniTe. The perpetrators of such ads ought to be pverely punished. FOB POBT DARWIN.—The Annie, bound for the Northern Territory, left the Wharf. Port Adelaide, on Thursday afternoon, August 14 As usual when a passenger-vessel leaves for Port Darwin a large concaf&rse; assembled. By this craft 102 colonists have gone to the northers shores. The barque was towed out on Thursday evening, but it was deemed probable then that she would remain in the roadstead until some time on Friday. Captain Tobin, long known as an experienced intercolonial trader, arrived per the AMin^ra from Melbourne on Thursday with the intention of taking the schooner Analgista hence to Port Darwin. THE GOTHENBURG. —At 2.40 p.m. on Thursday, August 14, the Superintendent of Telegraphs courteously informed us that the Port Jiarwin Stationmaster bad just reported the arrival there of the steamer Gothenburg, from Ade iaide. Some days ago Mr. John Darling, of this city, received from Palmers ton an intimation of the vessel having reached there, and we men- ; tioned thematter upon his authority, but it is now evident that his information was incorrect. THE- PROSPERO.—We learn that the brig Prospero has been got off, and that she passed Cape Jervis on Thursday afternoon at 2 o'cleek heading south, so we may infer she has started again upon her voyage to Melbourne. SPECIAL SERVICES.—On. Thursday evening, August 14, the fo'irth of a series of special services was held at the Flinders- street Lecture Hall. There was -a large attendance, and the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., discoursed from Isaiah lvii. 14. A prayer meeting followed. TESTIMONIAL.—On Saturday, August 9, the employes of Messrs. Adamson Brothers, of Kapunda, presented Mr. Parr, their foreman, on the eve of his departure for the Northern Territory, with an address and purse of sovereigns, as a mark of esteem for him, he having worked a number of years with them, and always manifested a landly disposition. Mr. Parr replied in cordial terms. FATAL OCCURRENCE.—On Thursday evening, August 14, a tailor named Madden, working in Stephens-street, off Gilles-street, was taken suddenly ill, and died in the arms of his master, Mr. Martin G'Grady. Dr. Gunson, who was called in and found life extinct, believed that Madden died of affection of the lungs. Mr. W. Harcus, J.P., having made certain enquiries, ascertained that an inquest was not required, and therefore gave an order for the burial of the body. HIGH CARTAGE.—Wo are informed that the cost of the cartage of wheat from the Gulnare Area to Port Pine is now Is. 9d. per bushel, owing to the dreadful state of the tracks. OBTRUSIVE EMUS.—The emu is beginning to assert a right to his native heath with an amount of force that proves'how much he shas been benefited by civilization (remarks the Wagga Wagga Exoress). An instance of the energetic resistance 'which the bird attempts to any further encroachments of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on bulletibong Plains. Mr. Bobbins, the local Nimrod, of whose prowess in the field let the spirits of departed ducks aud snipe bear witness, was driving across the plain when he came upon a flock of about thirty emus. The birds were a considerable distanee from him when • be first observed them, but instead of manifesting any alarm at his _ approach they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of htm a portion made a move in the direction of the vehicle and its occupant. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very -Goliath of an eau—a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, cave by the occasional spear of the blackfeilow. Mr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this indioayncrasy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about eighty yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, performing at intervals acrobatic feats simillar to the first. Mr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy, and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a welldirected kick in tne stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards distanee, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. "The Fool" considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by his master met him. Mr. Bobbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the ether emus, seeing tne reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape oi a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until .four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the flock left it to the possession of the foe. One of the birds Mr. Robbins secured to his trap and donned that night by his camp fire; but the others, owing to their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the encounter." 