THE BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual District Meeting of the Bible Christians began in Young-street Chapel, Ade laide, on Wednesday, February 26. The devo tional services were conducted by the Chairman,. the Rev. J. Ashton. The ministers and repre sentatives from the various stations congratu lated each other as labourers together in the vineyard of Christ. On taking bis seat the Chairman delivered a shortbut suitable address. The Bev. W. Richards was unanimously elected Secretary, the Revs. T. Piper and C. Tresise Assistant Secretaries, and the Rev. J. Foster reporter to the Press. Two young men—Walter Long and_ John A. Burns—recommended by their respective quar terly meetings, offered themselves for the work of the ministry; and after answering the usual questions on iheir conversion, Christian experi- , ence, and call, also being otherwise examined, they were cordially received as probationers. The presence of the Rev. Richard Kelley— recently from England—was recognised with a large amount of satisfaction and {Measure, and a resolution welcoming him to this new field of labour was heartily and unanimously passed. The fact that God, in His providence, had taken by death the Rev. Mr. Bandt, a young man of considerable promise, was recorded. It was felt that he had left the Church Militant and gone to the Church Triumphant. He has finished his work on earth, and is gone to his reward in heaven. And while his departure was deeply felt, all were disposed to say, " The will of the Lord be done." In the evening the Chairman preached the District Sermon, selecting for his text Romans xv. 8, " For even Christ pleased not Himself." The discourse was replete with weighty and important truths well adapted for the occasion. The character and work of the world's Redeemer, both in His divine and _ human nature, were dilated on with considerable ability, and the willingness, cheerfulness, and resignation with which He accomplished His mediatorial work forcibly described. Then the Saviour was presented as the Great Exemplar of the ministers and members of His Church, and all present were earnestly and affectionately urged to assimilate themselves to His character, to cultivate His spirit, to tread in His steps, and to follow Him to Heaven. The Lord's Supper was administered at the close of the public service, when a deep solemn feeling pervaded the assembly. Second Day—Thursday. Prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Reck. A resolution expressive of the loss sustained in the removal by death of so valuable a minister as Mr. R. 0. Bandt was passed. The spiritual state of each station in the district was reported upon, and after a lengthy discussion on mission labour, and the trials and triumphs of Christian workers, the following resolution was passed—" That, in reviewing the the past year, we see much for thankful labours of ness to God. Our prosperity has not been great, but it has been sufficient to inspire us with hopefulness. We need a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost on ourselves and ou our Churches, and we pray for greater prosperity in the future." The list of stations, as prepared by the Com mittee, was read for the first time. An interchange of deputations in the colonies was considered desirable, as preparing the way for a closer union, and ultimately for an ex change of ministers at the annual District Meetings. In the evening a sermon was preached by the Rev. C. Tresise, subject—" Self- consecration to God." Text—Romans xii. 1. After remarking that there are several stages or degrees in Christian experience, from the beginning of spiritual life to the elevated position of perfect love, he dwelt at length on the nature and necessity of self-consecration to Christ and His cause. Time, talents, health, strength, wealth, and influence, in short all the powers of the body, mind, and soul, he said, should be given to God, for the promotion of His glory and the benefit of humanity. This should be done, because belonging to God He has a perfect and indispu table right to do with man as He pleases. Paul gave himself as a sacrifice to God, and Christians now should do the same as ministers and mem bers of Christ's Church. This self-consecration might be difficult, but it must be done without hesitation and without reserve. The sacrifice must be a living one in contradistinction to the Jewish sacrifices under the Mosaic dispensation which had to be killed before being offered. It must also bo hely and acceptable, presented with motives pure and disin terested. He then spoke on the mercies of God as an argument to induce men to personal dedication, referring to the various manifesta tions of God's love, especially in the sublime work of redemption, as a sufficient reason why the hearers should surrender their all un reservedly to God. It was stated to be reason able to do so, because it was God's will, in Christ Jesus, concerning man, and because it would promote present and eternal happiness. The service was concluded with singing and prr yer. 