O/tFE&two;^atfuli&fl; were on I visiting ftAd :Madc Bomers, loviVjg hus-1 datf he stirovfe *to be/ could not i •iw|. <£mtfa£ting Kathio's cheerful con tend hia:wife's ill humpur and! ^^Stis('&Qofa;,*for when It Was too to'think Her-nwi^. '1^1 mistake, and that fbs tnigntn<*ve done• better if she had: waiteiLlonger. She was not wise ' enpi|gh to keep her disappointment to 'hei^f/but'ietit i>fe seen in number less ways. , „ "11 'Yon had no righ't to marry on such gc beggarly, income,1' she .-said, ■ bitterly, /wnen if ark reproached her |or some \- oxtr^v^gance. ' Of ail evils,* poverty ^Sife'wO.rst.1 ^■iAy circumstances were known to you,' he replied with dignity/ but an angiy.fl.iish dyed hi* cheek. 'Pardon L*in£though", if ! think the word beg garty hftrdiv applicable to an income of five thousand dollars a year. John Hilton has but little over half tf that and yet thley manage to live, and so far as T cart see, as comfortably, or more so than we.' , Oh, Mrs. Hiltoii is a famous house '• keeper, and I have no talent for any thing like that. She's completely trapped up in her husband and baby, and. very seldom go'es into society. I could not Lead such a life of stagna1 tion/ • But home duties ought to claim^ a '.sbare>of your attention, Claudia. I'm a little tired of balls/and parties, and ; operas, and this constant gaiety and excitement. The cost of it too, is more than we can afford.' ' We may as well understand each oj,hter first as last,' she answered c«ld Jy. ~'I w;is never meant for a house hold drudge, Snd don't.^intend to sink into one. Because you are growing liumdrupi and commonplace, it is no . reason I should' ' Certainly not,' and he smiled sar castically.! Sacrifice what you will for society, I can't prevent it, but upon one thing I insist, that you do not run ' in debt any more.' ' I hate economy, and to be always ' thinking of ways and means,' she said pettishly. 'Youought to have mar aied a woman-like Mrs. Hilton. She's just peity- minded enough to delight in such things.' Mark Somers looked at his wife a tittle critically; She had on a soiled wrapper, her hair was uncombed, lier -whole appearance slovenly in the ex treme. She kept her fine raiment as sh^ did her wit and grace and conver sational talent—for the world—and tHioaght it would be -a waste at ma terials *o wae. .either* at home And tliis was tfoe wot^an whose delicate sensibilities iae 3aad®8fted so high above Kathie's. He could:Wc*t 2ie§p;.tluuking of it now, and rec'iffing a pkAure he iad seen that morning, '©n his way to tl» office— Mrs Hilton rompimg with iher Why, her cheeks all abloom, her '. ,eyce 'hrimaiBittg .over with laughter, aind as -daintily dressed as if for a party. Claudia would have sneered '"at the ruffled white apron and hlue spiigged calico, but Mark thought it ' t£e prettiest costume in the world. . John Hilton was very fond of his wife and home, and baby. He felt a ' sort of pity for Mark, who had chosen , ®0 unwisely, and frequently invited the lat ter to his In use. Kathie was a genial little hostess, anu Mark, to wis surprise, found her well informed on the topics of the day. It is true she ojould neither sing nor write,nor (Jaint like Claudia, but xnarrtage had enrich ed and amplified her nature, and gave her a deeper insight into the world of thought and feeling. Mark remem bered that he had once called her commonplace, and somehow the word 'begin to K«ve a new meaning for 'him: • ' How happy-you two are t' he said tq'John onfe night, with a sigh. Kathie little one .tombed,task she seldom entrusted to 1 ihiNurse. i 'Sueh pevfect harmony is ftitdyma^' , >. I 'It is aH*iKM)ie's doing,* janswered f Jphn, /for she knows just when fjnd ■%, ^wherg'tooil^ wheels so ;c, tliat they; never■jsif or creaki A wo ' man's tact usomefchiug wondeiful.* ' Tljen you neve,1" disagree, never go much as the ghost of a quar , relt'-and JUark iooked at' his^ friend i? ctri(>u#i; J&s; jtoagwas ajesting onej ^lUt no&so; the feeling that prompted this inquiry. s . • We ttife noinore than humari,' John ►., tanswered, smiling,' and of course, do not think exacfcly alike on every point. ; '$respect Kathie the more that she has ja certain individuality of her own, and <Joes not roflecpfell my likes and ,dis ' jibes, my preferences Mid prejudices. Her opinion is'often a corrective of poine/. .■ * '-But if her^iews pf life were shal low and heartless.8afM ■ghfi persisted in following" a course you. disapproved, what would yoiid/J^hen V Mark asked bitterly. T- ■ ' John hesitated before replying. He more thin hjilf BUJ^tefited that Mark referred to Claudia, ana* had a dislike of anything .that seemed like interfer ence oetWeen man and wife. ' I should reason with her* h<s Raid, finally; 11? to make her .understand the wrong she was doina us both, ■ If that failed, if nothing T said affected her, I could only make the best out of what happin^iS wa» left, me, remem bering tliat l had cfroseb jvith my eyes wide open, and th»t it was my own * fault if I liad ritfetaken her cliaVaetcr.' IMark winced a little at this plain speaking, and instead of pressing the • topic, said, abruptly; . • There is one other question I would like to ask yon, and I hope-you won't think it impertinent How is fhat* you iive so comfortably ou your smitfl salary V ■ ■■ ,.r■ John opened liis eyes very wide. and^ soldid KafhR who jfifcfc' thfen'fentfircd; t}ie rqpun. ■ , a t ; '<v ' Small!' echoed she in atnazometifc ; ' why, it is three thousand"dollirs a.; year, and we used. Ao lay aside one third ofit before baby'came.' ,.' 'Yet there are those whf> think, five thousand little-better titan beggary,' said Mark. 'Pray let me into the secret of vour management, M re. Hil ton. I see no evidences of poverty i here,' and lie glanced around the little j ^sitting room, with its tasteful furnish in^ and cosy air of comfort, aduuring ly. ' Cheap and't wdry!' were the terms that Claudia would have applied to it, contrasting it with the artistic ele gance of her own rooms; but Mark , remembered their dissoluteness, and ' the dust that lay thick in corncrs, and j thought this one far more cheerful and pleasant Kathie laughed gleefully. ' if you only knew what a time I had hunting "for bargains when we started housekeeping,' she said, | and in what a constant state of surprise I kept John. . There was sure to be something new every night, and he finally began to look around for the last wonderful purchase as soon as he came1 home. Every -article in this room has a history, more or less ro mantic.' ' K-athie was very fortunate in her I raid upon furniture dealers and carpet stores,' said johii. * with a l>ok toward-• her, half tender, half mischievous. ' She is a wise little housekeeper, too and knqws how to- hnsbaml her resources.' T , , Kiithie's cheek flushed, for Johns approval Was as dear to her now as when they were first married. . * Something in Mark's face, though, made her think of Claudia, and she i turned the conversation • to other topics. , Mark found hiu wife at home when he returned that night. She had been absent on a visit, and they had not seen each other for a month. But her manner toward him was indifferent as usual, and instead of inquiring after his welfare or that of their child, she began at once to talk of lier social triumphs. _ •There were several, famous people at Mrs R's/ she said,' men and women both; but I held my own among them and was as much admired as any one A musician fruui Boston was enchant ed with that little song of mine, -the < Stricken Heart,' and begged that I would have it published. Then we had private theatricals one night, and* I wrote a drama, and.acted the prin cipal part myself, and created such a sensation ihat all the othe^ women were jealous. Mrs. R. declared that we ought to live' in the city where my talents would be appreciated, and it was a shame for me to bury myself up in this country town.' 'You are greatly to be commisera ted,' said Mark, srrcastically, ' especi ally, as the town has only fifty thousand inhabitants, and you seclude yourself so closely at home. ^ ' It is a trial to be cramped as I am,' she continued, without noticing his interruption,' and I wish you had a little more energy and ambition. There is no reason why you should not make money as well as other men, and par-haps -you might in a. wider sphere of action like New York. Then, as Mrs. E-.-says, one ought to think of the social advantages and opportunities for culture to be found there. The fact is,1 and she looked at him critically,' we are both deteriora ting here, you even more than I.' Mark had indeed grown somewhat careless of his appearance, and was looking worn, and altogether presen ted quite a contrast to the man she married. That the change was her woirk she never suspected, but ascrib ed it rather to his low tastes and pursuits. For it was herself, and not himuthat she considered the victim of their ill-assarted union.' ' Claudia,' said Mark, kindly, con trolling his indignation,' I should'like an honest talk with you. No woman has a right to ignore the claims of husband and child, and give the best of herself to the world. Yet that is what you do. Even if, as you hint, I have fallen below your expectations, the bond that unites us ought to be respected. Believe me these dissen-, sions that embitter our lives are worse than useless. Let .us avoid jthem fori the future, and try. to conform our selves oue to the other, both for our awn sakes and that of our <:hild.' ' You are really eloquent,' said Clau dia, with a sneer,' but for my part I hate pretence, and -why - should we simulate an attachment we don-'t feel ? Our marriage was a mistake, for -no two persons were ever more unconr genial than you and L' ' Yet ynu thought different once, or at least said so i' ' I was Received,' she answered coldly. ' You appeared to have intel lectual aspirations then, and a taste for music, atid pictures, and society, and beautiful surroundings, and were as unlike possible to what you are now.' j». Not ao ,* he replied ; ' 1 have not changed in any respect ; J enjoy boobs and pictures, and music, and enter j taining conversation, land beautiful surroundings as weli npw as ever tut ' do not think them the only things worth living for, to which everything .else ought to be sacrificed.' i Claudia yawned sleepily. ■' We shall never agr£e,' shesaid,' If we talk all night. Thje best wayis io: interfere with each other as 'little as possible You ought notfto complain* certainly. It is the wife, rather than the husband, that suffers inost from an unequal uaarriage.' •" Mark left the room in silence, He had 'done what he could, but in vain; (}iis home could never be more to him than it was now. There werenot even any capabilities in Claudia for better things. She was utterly false and shallow, and selfish. Yet having chosen, he manfully re-, solved to make the best of it, and not shirk the responsibility of his own act. He had been attracted by show rather than solid worth—had east aside gold for its base imitation. ■ But the fault was his, and he must pay the penalty. Now, when it was too late he realised his mistake, and remembering Kathie and all she was to her hus band, the word commonplace had for him thenceforward a new, sweet, and tender signification. (Concluded.) . 