%\z %m Mxxmn. '?-. THE \piaHT HOUSS' SYSTEM. TO THE JEDITOB. Sir, — Were it not that the above system involves matter of a serious import to the farmers, it would J-e extremely amusing to note the equanimity and clear understand ing exhibited lately in your town of Gawler between the employers and employees in the mechanical 'arts; for directly the opera tives take it in their heads: (or a few agi tators for them), that owing to the paucity of labor there is an opportunity of obtaining an increase of wages, and that without trie addenda, oi a cosciy striKe xqb employers at once accede to the demand, and in one particular case, viz., Adamson Bros., anticipate the application by in serting a letter in one of the Adelaide papers wherein they seem to say they are surprised the operatives have not made the move sooner. , ? - Now, Mr Editor, it striked me that the employers do not deserve the credit attri buted to them for generosity, inasmuch as I hear that reaping machines are to be this. year in Gawle? £70, and of course everything else in proportion. I have heard it said we -should, be just before : -r .i ? ii __?___ i _ ». generous, in. tnis case tne employer s generosity is to be charged to the farmers tiaerefore the farmers will have to pay the piper ; and unless we adopt some effective means to counteract these unjust attempts to extort more than the fair value of materials and labor supplied fey the parties in combination against us, we ? shall eventually go to the wait When I speak of a combination, I mean that a combina tion has existed for some time in Gawler to compel us, to give a certain price for reaping machines, or go to Jericho for them. Some time ago I had occasion to order a reaping machine in Crawler ; the price was to be £65 ; that amount I might have paid in six months; but having the cash to spare at once, I paid the ^65, ct-nA iviTrtad -hlifl.h afrriflfli \nr wrav nf dia--nnTif. would be acceptable. In fact I fully ex pected to get ii? but I had reckoned without mine host, as I was politely'told that every season a meeting of machinists was held in Gawler, at which the. price that year for machines was adjusted; that all present were bound under a penalty of -£10 to t^,ke tio less for them. Whether this is the custom of the trade all over the colony I do not know, but this I do know, that the farmer has not the ghost of a chance if the machinists and operatives can help it, and that by their conduct they are killing the goose,. If I remember rightly,, the favourite argument adduced, by the artizans for the adoption ^ .of the Eight Hours' System is, that tTiev would have a little leisure for recreation and to cultivate their under standing by patronizing _Mechanic Insti tute's, &c.; 'Now piny;, .knowledge of.; Gawler and Gawleyiartizaris, iieads me to the conclusion thatsif there ; were nitft-P, holidays -and more -leisure ? hours, there would be a -greater amount; pf business; done at the sign of the Gulden Fleece, or any other eign the publicans might hang out in 'Murray-street, or anV, other street. Now, Mr. Editor, this threatened in ' vasion of our limited means must- be re- ? pelled, and in order to do so, I propose that as soon as Parliament meets, the floor of that noble and venerajile pile in which our so-called representatives as semble, should be flooded with petitions from farmers, asking the Government to resume iPree Emigration ; another move in our defensive policy, should be, to start unoV.r a Limited Liability' Company in (3-awler a Co- operative Machinist, Black smith, and ' 'Wheelwright Emporium, where the shareholders and others may get what they require at] a reasonable rost. I believe this can be done, and I have the authority of some skilled me chanics for saying, that at something very much under the present prices charged, a handsome profit to shareholders would accrue. I do not anticipate any difficulty in obtaining the wherewithal, when I see' that if a person finds a glittering lump of quartz as big as a walnut, he has no trouble in getting people to apply for more shares than can well be held in three mining companies ; and, Mr. Editor, not withstanding the undeniable richness of the Barossa Quartz Beefs, you krow that hitherto mining has in many instances been a lottery, in which the blanks pre ponderated ; but this co-operative affair, which I recommend, seems to me to be as plain as a pike-staff. Hoping that some of the farmers will through you, or otherwise, offer their suggestions to meet this momentous mat ter, and that you will kindly find a corner for this in your next issue, I am, Sir, A1ST INTERESTED EAEMEE. 