B.ora( fiitrlligrnrr. I The TJrana Bridge. — Onr correspondent at Urana complainB bitterly of the non- completion of the bridge at that township, and saddles altoge ther the wrong person with the blame for unneces sary delay. Fully admitting, as we do, that the want is an urgent one, and productive of much in convenience, not unfrequently attended with con siderable danger, to travellers and residents, we regret that the intemperate language of our corre spondent should render tho publication of his letter impossible. Supposed Suicide. — We loam from our St. George (Queensland) correspondent that the body of a man, in a nude state, was discovered by a blackfellow recently, in the bush at the junction of the Maranoa and Balonne rivers. The body was suspended by a strap to a small sapling, and noth ing waB found to assist identification. Tho circum stances would justify the assumption that tho poor fellow bad committed suicide while in an insane state, induced probably by drink. Quarter Sessions. — The Court of Quarter Ses sions will open on Monday next, Mr. District Court Judge Forbes presiding. Tbe only criminal charge for hearing is that of the three prisoners, McKeon, Axam, and Davis, committed by the Naraudera Bench for horse-stealing. Land Office. — The following business was transacted at the local land office on Thursday last : — William F. Johnstone, 40a, Uullivale ; T. Crane, do, do ; Elizabeth Emily Jane Seaborn, 40a, Mittagong ; Frances Fletcher Seaborn, do, do ; Joseph S. Wilson, 40a, Gullivale ; Joshua J. J. Fisher, 40a, North Wagga Wagga ; Do, 200a, do ; Chistopber Rooke, 120a, Egan Creek, in three blocks of 40a each ; Henry G. Jackson, 200a, Boree Creek ; Thomas Cartwright, jun, 80a. Gob bagumbalin; Henry G. Lintott 40a, Cunnindroo ; Do, do, do ; G. Galvin, jun, 200a, Unibango ; E. Galrin, 100a, Obcrne ; John Galvin, 120a, do ; J. Glover, 82a 3r, Gobbagumbalin ; Robert Patten, 80a. Berry Jerry. The total receipts were £375 13s 9d for deposits, and £35 17s 8d for interest. Tna Illustrated Sydney News. — Thecurreut number of the Illustrated Sydney News contains a supplement entitled ' Tho Worship of BacohuB,' tbo purport of which may bo easily imagined. The engraving, which ia of large sizo, depicts the evils of intemperance, and tho artist has succeeded tolerably well in attributing, in allegory, to tho abuse of stimulants, all tho ills that llesh is heir to. In conception tho plato is very similar to one published soino time ago by a comic contemporary, and entitled ' King Nobbier,' but moat of the salient points — for instance the dress of tho pnlico man, who, as a matter of course, appears repeatedly — are suggestive of tbe old world. Conspicuous among the many parts which comprise the wholo picture may be mentioned a christening sceno in which a clergyman of liquorish aspect is evidently enlivening hia audience with a bacchanalian ditty ; a wedding whore tho health of the bride aud brido grootn is about being proposed, and thecompany have got sufficiently far as to capsize tho chairs ; and a fu neral at which a lady of umnistakeable whisker is en deavouring to look exceedingly solemn under diffi culties, and is in company with two who are weep ing, and two others who evidently ought to be. In other parts of the picture may be seen elderly females presumably in various stages -of intoxica tion, apparently endeavouring to exhibit their in firmity to the best advantage, and males of all ageB doing their very best to hide it. Wo pre sume tbo intention of the artist was to show the worship of Bacchus in its most ugly aspects, aud he has certainly succoeded to a miracle. A Ghost Story. — The Forbes Times has had quite a plethora (in small capitals) of Tichborniaua, &c.;, and relates the following as a kind of set-off. It appears that a lady in that district recently lost her husband, and with business-like promptitude, immediately the first ' ebullitions ' of grief were over, proceeded to arrange the dcceased's affairs. A little difficulty was herein experienced from the fact of some important letters being lost, and Willie oeoituiufi 1.11 vucuj, 1™ oiuuo strack' to discover the dear departed by her side. She was, however, not of the common order of widows, and experienced what tbe Times styles an ' exuberance of new-fledged joy' — probably a very nice kind of feeling. The ghost showed her where the letters were to be found, and hereupon she began to be ' demonstrative,' but tbo ahade would have none of it, and after dismissing her with a caution, he departed whenco (further than this the Times docs not enlighten us) he came. Tub Oddfellows' Ball. — Tbo anniversary ball given by the Oddfellows took place at the Masonio Hall last night. The great desideratum for such a gathering, good music, was admirably supplied npon the present occasion by Messrs. La Feuillade and Conduit upon tbe violin and piano respectively. The attendance was very good, and daucing was pursued vigorously until daybreak. The refresh ments, which were supplied by Mr. Chapman, were excellent in quality and abundant in quantity. Tho ball may be pronounced an unqualified success. The Municipal Council. — The usual fort nightly meeting of tbe Council was held on Thurs day last. Beyond the passing of a few accounts, the only business worthy of note was the fixing of the date for the hearing of appeals against assess ment for the 18th pros. TcnderB were called for the neoessary workB upon the cemetery road. The Raixvobd, Kelly and La Feuillade Minstrels. — This popular company gave enter tainments at tbe Masonic Hall on Wednesday and Thursday nights to somewhat thin audiences. Mr Bainford waB in his usual exoellent voice and sang several songB with capital effect, upon each occa sion bringing down the honse. Harry Helly was as successful as before in his dances, comio songs, and interludes, whilst the splendid performances of Mr. La Feuillade upon the violin were produc tive of considerable gratification to the audience. Nor must the performance of Mr Conduit upon the pianoforte be forgotten. The young gentlemen in question possesses considerable taste iu execution, aud bis overtures and accompaniments, with Mr. La Feuillade upon tbe violin are admirably played. Mr. Tcmpleton also sang several songa with great success, and Modina's banjo solos were as good as over. We are gratified to learn that it is the in tention ot the company to visit us again on Mon day week the 2nd prox, when we feel satisfied they will have a large and appreciative audience to welcome them. Masonio Ball. — It will be a source of gratifi cation to the ladies of Wagga, which will be of course participated in by the gentlemen, to learn that tbe usual Masonio Ball will take place in the Freemasons' Hall on the festival of St. John the Baptist (June 24th.) St. John's Church.— Wo learn that the Rev. Mr. Fox, late of this town, has arrived upon a short visit and will celebrate morning and evening service at St. John's Church to-morrow. A False Alarm. — A bright glare directly over the Commercial Hotel last evening at about six o'clock, led to the impression that the premises were on fire, and a crowd speedily collected. It was, however, soon ascertained that it was merely the chimney of tbe billiard room which had caught fire, and in a few moments the flames subsided. awiUAfl i«— wr. *jruugamuit \BayB luu xaoa Courier) a gentleman from Victoria at present on a visit to this district, met with an accident while riding into Yasa on Monday afternoon. His horse became restive, aud commenced bucking, throwing its rider, and breaking his arm near the wrist. The unfortunate gentleman was at once attended by Dr Perry, and, we are happy to say, is progressing favourably. 