TOWN TALK. In view, of 'the approaching arrival of Sir George Bo wen, • the Chief Secretary, Attoniey-General, Minister of Lands, and Commissioner of Public Works, will leave" Melbourne to-day at 1 SO p.m. by special train for this town, proceeding on to Qneenscliffe to meet His Excellency at the Heads, where the Victoria is expected to1 arrive early on Saturday morning. It is stated that applications for service pipes have already been sent into the water supply department by private individuals, and it is probable that in a month's time there will be no objection to their request being granted. A letter has been recived for the Hon. the Chief Commissioner of Railways in answer to an application made by the Sec retary of the Regatta committee, stating that visitors to tbe regatta will be able to travel on tbe evening of the 7th, or morn ing of the 8th proximo, at the ordinary ex cursion fares, the tickets to be available for return until the evening of Saturday, the 12tb proximo. We have been requested to remind" canvassers that the subscriptions collected by them must be handed in to tbe treasurer on Tuesday eveniug, and a hope is expressed that, in tbe interim, they will exert themselves so that the committee may be in a position to increase the value of the prizes. v K At the meeting of the pnblic works com mittee, on Wednesday evening, the question of what was to be done with reference to the open sewer at tbe ioot of Bellerine street, about which so many complaints have been made, was discussed. Tbe town surveyor deprecated any patching up or extending of the present drain, and sug gested that it was quite time the permanent underground drainage of the town was commenced. The present channel in Bellerine-street is supposed to convey away all tbe drainage of the town to tbe cast ward, as far up as the Botanical Gardens, and also of a small portion of the town to the westward, and being thoroughly inade quate, Bellerine- street is flooded whenever a heavy storm comes. As long as tbe open box sewer is continued, so long will foul odors arise, and Mr Balding suggested that it would be best to commence tbe undergonnd sewer up Bellerine-street, and carry it up as far as funds will permit, eveiy side street to be provided with smaller sewers opening into the main one, and extend it from time to time as oppor tunity offers. He was instructed to prepare plans showing the system of drainage he proposed to carry out, and an impression prevails that his snggestion will be adopted. For want of a quorum there was no meeting of the Barrabool Shire Council yesterday. At the usual hoar the presi ded (Cr. Breguet), Crs. Hopkins,. Mac kenzie, and Hollins were present.- Cr. Hollins was dnly sworn in, but conld not be introduced, and this portion of the ceremony had to be unavoidably postponed. Several contractors anxionsly awaited the lBsce of the proceedings, but they were doomed to disappointment; their accounts were unpassed, their cheqnes unsigned, and —as a natural sequence—the - workmen depending upon them had to go un paid. Of conrse, the heartrendings, consequent upon such proceedings were somewhat shocking to the more sensitive, fant to those accustomed to disaDDoint meats of the kind they were only regarded as untoward coincidencies resulting from a large sheep sale held in the neighbourhood, at which the majority of the councillors were present, instead of attending to their public duties. After adjourning the meet ing for half an honr, seeing that the addi tional councillor necessary to form a meet ing did not present an appearance, the meeting was postponed for a week. About one o'clock yesterday morning the beginning of what might have proved a destructive fire was observed at the back of Mr Blair'a bakery, Moorabool- street. ! Constable Corran, who was on dutv, was I the \ first to perceive the danger, and hastened to the spot. Some firewood which bad been withdraw from the oven was alight, and being in close' proximity to some fences and wooden buildings it was ) evident that the discovery had only been j made in time to prevent what might have j been an extensive destruction of property. Some water was dashed on the flames by the constable, and an alarm having been . raised, assistance was forthcoming, and the fire was extinguished before any damage was done. The South Barwon Borough Council and the Town Corporation are at length brought fairly into a contest, in which either one or the other will have to yield the position which for years they have assumed. Out of the Barwon Bridge toll fund it was un derstood that the South Barwonites would keep the roads, culverts, and streets in repair from Fyans-street. This was not done, and the Town Council had conse quently to interfere by draining the streets of South Geelong, and making covered aqueducts to the river, at considerable ex pense. An exceptional flood daring the past season caused these watercourses to overflow, and without due permission interfered with the rusting machinery of Mr Gray, whose water and flour mills at the Barwon Bridge have for a length of time been at a standstill. Mr Gray now claims compensa tion from the town council for the value of the rost removed by the action of the drainage water from his machinery, and should he fail it is believed that he will prosecute his claim against the South Barwon council. The question arises, who is to pay for the rnst, and what is the respective value of rust and iron. Evi dently the matter will have to be left to an umpire. The foreman and several members of the Volunteer Pre Brigade turned out yester day afternoon with a reel and two lengths .of hose to test the pressnre of the water in one block _of the town. With an inch nozzle the water was thrown some six or eight feet above the Baok of Austtalaeub and it was more than one branchman could do to hold the branch steady. Both pipes in Malop-street were tried, the 3-inch one on the north side and the 4-inch pipe on the southern side at one and the same time, and the volume of water thrown out to a distance of some sixty feet was deemed satisfactory. The fire-plug opposite Mr M'Gonigal's, in Moorabool-atreet, was afterwards tried, but the pressure was not so great as the water had only been turned on into one block. Mad JYlf fjlsdon known they wished to try that pipe, he stated he | could have let water into it by a nine-inch pipe, the pipe used yesterday in feeding those in Malop-street being only six inches j in diameter. The pressure at the junction of Great Malop and Yarra streets, was I found to be very good, and when the inch ! nozzle was put on to a branch opposite the I Chamber of Commerce, it threw the water | a great height. As before stated, pressure i was only applied to one part of the town ; this is because Mr Elsdon has only one man | with him to lo -h after the town, and if fnll ! pressure" was let on everywhere before the I reticulation pipes hid been fully tested, it I would take a large staff of men to look | after them. The test yesterday must be deemed very satisfactory, and the firemen will find it so if a fire breaks out, for they will be able to put on several lengths of hose to various plugs and throw very much larger volumes of water in a given time than they could with the old Deluge and engine No. 1. When full pres sure is put on, water will he thrown to a great height, the Lovely Banks reservoir being about 280 feet above the sea. In two I or three days more the department will be ] able .to put on full pressure in every ward, I and thon it will be found that water can be | thrown very much higher than any build ing in town. It may also be stated that ] the valve at the reservoir was only open half an inch yesterday, whereas it can be opened three inches when required. We are informed that air active canvass of the town continues to be made in favor of a new gas company, and that promises to take up some thirteen hundred shares have already been given. The price of stock has been so high latelv that it is said the Melbonrne Meat I Preserving Company have refrained from I baying very largely, and this action on their part has already had some effect. Still at present prices meat preserving only just pays, and it will not create much sur prise if,, at the meeting which is to be held j abont the 7th proximo, the company de cides to suspend operations for ' awhile. With respect to the Geelong Company, it will beep on preserving as long os'it can do so without loss.it being deemed inadvisable to make a break in the supply. The com pany is how preserving some of the very finest beef that can be obtained from the | rich pasture lands of the Western District, and it is reasonably expected that this I action on their part will serve to make | their brand the favorite in the English market, for better beef cannot be procured in Victoria than that they are preserving. They are doing nothing at present with sheep, haying found that they do not die well. In other words, they do not yield the tallow they ought to do. The only .way in which this is accounted . for is that., the feed, though luxuriant, does not possess the fatteuing qualities it would do if the season were a little drier. . Mr Gray. has commenced., an action against the Corporation to recover £45 for damage done to his property at South Gee long, by storm water. ~ , The extension of the time for receiving entries for the Friendly Societies' Easter. Sports has bad the desired effect, and, as will be seen by the list which appears io another column, visitors to the Friendly Societies' reserve on Easter Monday may look forward to enjoy excellent sport. The secretary was in attendance last evening.at the Prince of Wales Hotel, and as compe titor after competitor entered, the quesiion was asked how it was they had not entered on the previous Friday night, when the answers went to show that the entry conditions were so vague that it; was not thought they would finally close on .that night. For tbe'Maiden Race ten have signified their intention of competing, eight have entered for the Hurdle Race, six for the Walking Match, and no. fewer than twelve for the One Mile Handicap, thus proving that it was not distance that frightened aur athletes. Eleven of the best runners of the colony have been, nominated for the Friendly Societies' Cup, and as their performances are well-known, the handictppers ongbt to beable to do their work so nicely that close finishes should' be the rule, the handicaps will be published in to-morrow's Advertiser. The sports on Easter Monday are to be followed in ■■ the evening by a concert in the Mechanics' Institute, in which Mrs Smythe, Mr Donaldson, Madame Pett, and Mr Furlong will take part. Miss Christian, R.A.M., will make her first appearance in Geelong on this occasion, and the programme, which is advertised, will be found an excellent one. Altogether, visitors to Geeloag on Easter Monday will have no just reason to complain of any dearth of amusement. A public meeting is to be held at the Temperance Hall' this evening, nnder the auspices of the Independent Order of Good Templars, for the purpose of setting forth the aim and object of the society. Only travellers in the neighborhood can possibly form, an adequate idea of the large quantity of firewood constantly conveyed along the Colac road from the Cape Otway forest. Yesterday, from the Barwon Bridge to the Waum Ponds toil- gate, a distance of several miles, the road was fairly lined with heavily- laden teams, some, containing sawn timber from the mills near Doutit Bay, but the great majority convey ing firewood for the supply of the town, its manufacturing establishments, the tan neries on the Barwon, and our lime kilns. Daring a hasty drive upwards of thirty waggons, all proceeding with their heavy loads towards Geelong, were counted within a distance of a couple of miles. Most of them were drawn by teams of from two to four horses, others were bol lock teams, while in one instance it waB estimated tb&t; a team of half-a-dozen horses was yoked to fnlly eight tons of firewood. Surely where such a traffic as this exists railway communication is imperatively demanded, aDd the accommodation can scarcely with justice be withheld. We learn, that the lobelia, the bine flower which it is supposed poisoned tii" cattle, i» only to be found on the damper portions the common, it not having been seen in anything like a dangerous quantity above the waterhole. There are many who believe that a judicious expenditure of capital in the development of the mines of Steiglitz will yet prove it to be one of the most Der manent goldfields in the colony. We call attention to a copy of the prospectus, in an abridged form, of the well-known Native Youth Quartz Mining Company, Steiglitz, which appears in our advertising columns, the names of the directors being a suffi cient guarantee that the mine will be economically and well worked. A large number of shares, it is stated, have already been applied for, and the list will close on or before the 12th proximo. A lecture is to be delivered this evening, in Fenwick-street Baptist Church, by the Bev. A. W. Grant, who has chosen " Nothing " for his subject, . but will doubtless have a good deal of interest to say. The lecture is to be given in con nection with the anniversary services. Cricketers are reminded that the match, Corio v Eighteen of the Schools, will be resumed at half-past one o'clock to-morrow afternoon, and as there are still two or three to go in for the first innings of the eighteen, it is imperative that the members of the eleven should be punctual. It would be well if some system were adopted to lock the fireplugs in various parts of the town. On Thursday last, people going to evening service were much inconvenienced by the conduct of some boys, who lifting the cover of a fire- plug would poke the ball down with a stick, and up would spring a column of water to the height of between thirty and forty feet, to the great annoyance of the pasters by. At the Central Police Court yesterday, tw young lada named James and George Lynch were brought before the i Mayor, having been arrested by Sergeant Toohey on a charge of having stolen a brooch, the property of a Miss M'AUam, and a pair of earrings and a watch-key, from a house of a Mrs Janet Brown, in Asbby. They were remanded untd this morning. In the meantime it may be I stated that the owners of the stolen articles I are to blame for leaving jewellery on a dressing table-near-an open window look ing out on a right-of-way, it is attordrag encouragement to thieves. - Sermons in connection with the Yarra street Wesleyan Sabbath School Anniver sary are annonnced to be preached on Son day. On Monday a tea and public meet ing will take place, at which addresses are to be delivered by several ministers and laymen. It will be recollected that some time ago tbe Barrabool Shire Council determined to prohibit the obstructing of their roads by firewood. Posts were erected, and placards issued threatening punishment on those who dared to encumber the watertables. Notices were even issued offering rewinds to informers, in order that the defaulting woodcarters might be prosecuted. Strange to say, no informers have arisen, but in stead, some of the more intelligent larrikins in tbe Coast Siding have placarded the notice boards of the council with an im posing sheet, deeply bordered in mourning, ■with" the words, " To the Memory, of ■, Esq., who erected this post, and then gave up the ghost." The name of the deceased dignitaiy is unfortunately omitted, but it is no less a subject of con fident speculation. The .first annual show of bntter and 'cheese, at Birregurra, is to be held to- day, and it is thought the competition'will be Tery good, more cheese having been made in thi3 favorite locality this year than ever. The Central Wesleyans intend to cele brate their anniversary on Monday even ing, by a tea and public meeting. Vocalists who are to take part in the public meeting I are to rehearse this evening, and1 lovers of j sacred music are promised a treat. • Mr Squire Ward and another correspon dent write to us with regard to the alleged fight of factory girls at one of the woollen mills. They assert that there was 'no I stand-np fight, and the former says that only two blows were struck. 'It will be observed by a notice which appears in" our advertising columns that Mr Montague, from Sydney, proposes to dis pose of, by Art Union, a painting which be exhibits at Mr .Franks' of "Fairy Hollow, Broken Bay, near Sydney.''. . .'".t A correspondent writes :-r-" There-is'a prevalence of dysentry just now through the Drysdale and JBellarine district, which; causes much uneasiness among parents and suffering among the children, the younger children being chiefly those attacked. Hooping cough, too, is going its rounds among the young people. There, was a soiree in the Wesleyau church at East Bellarine on Monday. The tea, speeches, and attendance may be -briefly described, each as being very good; hut as no pro vision was made for a report in extenso, I can only say it passed off to the satisfaction of all concerned. 1 am glad to learn that a Sabbath School is to be opened in their < church soon." As showing how the coal trade between Newcastle, N.S.W., and San Francisco in creased during the year 1872, it may be stated that during that year the quantity exported was lid,332 tons, as compared i with 38,942 tons in 1871. .Owing to the misunderstanding which so unfortunately occurred at Newcastle between masters and men this year, it is probable there will be a falling off. There can be little doubt that San Francisco can afford to take as much coal as Australia can send her, so this ought to be a farther incentive, if any is required, to our capitalists to prospect.. In 1871 the quantity of coal exported from England to San Francisco was 54,191 tons, as com pared with 29,160 tons in 1872. The total .quantity imported was 314,611 in 1871, and 434,467 ^in 1872, the largest supplies being obtained' from Mt. Diablo, viz, 133.485 tons and 187,232 tons in 1871 and 1872 respectively,^ Australia being second on the list. .We learn from the Argns that Mr J. H. Kerr, acting chief inspector of.stock, has forwarded a report to the Government, in which he states (what we, G. A., have already announced) with respect to the cattle at present dying from eating a poi sonous herb at Geelong and elsewhere, that the herb is pronounced to be a species of lobelia. Its abundant growth during the present season might probably be attri-, butable to the unusual frequency of rain during the summer. It was on commons where the grass was scanty that the mor tality among the cattle appeared to be greatest. The only means of saving the cattle appeared to be by removing them to other land where grasses predominated over the herb, which, when eaten in small quan tities, did not seem to be productive of fatal effects. The Ballarat Courier is informed that a telegram was received in Ballarat on Wed nesday afternoon from Pleasant Creek to the effect that Mr M. Moore, the plaintiff to the Stawell jump, had been sentenced by the local bench to two months' imprison ment on a charge of stealing a box of cigars, a9 mentioned in yesterday's Courier. Another telegram was received on the sub ject, the contents of which, if true, will lead to the Government being requested to hold a special investigation into the charge and the result. The Ballarat Post mentions that the' Phoenix Fountry Company delivered • an other locomotive tender at the: railway station on Thursday morning. The second locomotive will be placed on the rails in about a fortnight. Meanwhile No. 83 is doing heavy work 'in a most satisfactory" manner. She has already run over 500 miles oat of the 1000 trial. Geologists (remarks the Age) have had their turn in trying to find coal in Victoria and they have failed. At present tlje men in Victoria engaged in searching after coal are all practical men, many of whom have been accustomed to the working of coal pits at home. We learn that the Government will shortly add to the number of practical workers in the colony. They have made arrangements for Air John Mackenzie, one of the New South Wales coal inspectors to visit Victoria. He will examine and report upon all the pyojbahle coal-fields of the colony, and it is expected that the ex perience he has gained among" the coal tnea^res of New South Wales wjll be of service to eo'oay Mr Robert Bas".,°",» 'he architect, re cently appointed to the ^.^ncation depart ment, has received instructions to pr?osre plans and specifications for several large i State schools which are to be erected in the suburbs of Melbourne. By telegrams from Auckland the llawkes' Bay Herald has received the gratifying in formation that the King intends hauling down his flag, and living peaceably with Europeans and the friendly natives. The great change which has lately come over the native mind will, doubtless, tend to the establishment of peaceful relations with the powerful Waikato tribes, who have so long refrained from having any dealings with Europeans—either commercially or politi cally. A Taranaki exchange has the following, under the heading " A very courageous act" We learn that Mr H. Northcroft, and Mr H. Morrison, Sub-InBpectors of the armed constabulary, were, a short time since, out duck shooting on the shores of Lake Taupo. It appears that a duck was shot, and having fallen into the water, was drifting away with the wind. No dogs being with them, Mr Northcroft stripped and went into the water after it; hut when ahont 400 yards 1 from the shore, and he had possession of the duck, be tnrned to come back, when be found his legs were helpless from cramp. Mr Northcroft called for assistance, but the wind blowing from the shore, Mr Morrison did not hear him; he, therefore, threw himself on his back ana waved his arms in the air. Mr Morrison, who had also undressed for a bathe, thinking something ! waswrong,thenswamontto MrNorthcroft, and learnt the state of affairs. He told him I tint be could save bis life if be was cool, j and, being informed :hat he was, Mr Mor rison went close to him. Mr Northcroft turned round, and placing his hands on his friend's hips, he was brought safely ashore; but the exertion and excitement was so great that, on landing, Mir Morrison fainted." 