THE HERMIT OF THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. BY AUSTRALIE. BOOK X. A LONDON dock.—Athwart the murky air Tall ship masts loom, and tugging steamers puff Their volumes of white steam and blackening smoke; Shouts and confusion on the crowded quay— Casks, cases, luggage wheeling to and fro— Rough sailors, wharfsmen, mingled with sad groups Of parting friends, whose rich or humble garb Tell of their various life-ranks. Hear they each, —Bound, high and low, to common sorrow now— With heavy hearts, a grating, clanking sound, Accompanied by chorus from the men, Slow hauling up of anchor. Outward bound With rigging bare and cheerless, helpless towed, A vessel swiftly moves adown the Thames To float all unresisting to the sea; There to spread out her wings, and for long months Sail southward to Australia. On the deck There stands a young man dark, with face now pale, And eyes (that fain would weep, but that the will Shuts back the opening flood-gates) straining far To see the last of loved ones standing still Upon the dreary quay. A mother takes The kerchief from her reddened lids, and waves A farewell to her son, and he is gone! Alfier Delorne on his knight-errant's quest Has sped away. Not heart high does he feel, Nor like an eager squire, but some young page Leaving for first time his own castle home, As now he catches a dear fading glimpse Of that white flag of love. He does not own But inly thinks his roving wish is gone: The very mission he would glad resign To stand beside those dear ones yet again. Too late! too late! So though a "heim-weh" pain Still aches in heart depths, bravely looks he round For cheering interests on the passing shore. Quickly the grief of youth is past; but she From whom the light of her own eyes has gone Poor comfort can she find! No day will pass Withont a yearning void—an empty chair— Within her soul. From perils deep unknown Alfier may yet come back—a man, improved, Loving, though self-dependent—but her boy, The same, same boy, can ne'er again return To need her as of old. The father knows Little of her sad thoughts, but hopeful speaks Of all the good their eldest- born will gain— The pleasure, interests waked; the love of home Engendered by his absence, and the joy If he should prove the messenger of peace To Frederic Templar, who perchance has felt His whole life blighted by a keen remorse. The "Triton" brave sails on; the English shore Awhile in friendly nearness, then at last Bidding them farewell on the Cornwall coast— The dreary Land's End that so oft has seemed Like end of home to many an exile sad. But Alfier feels no pang as swift the ship Rides into stormy Biscay, for there comes The sense of freedom born of ocean life— A glee in dancing o'er the cresting waves And scenting freshness in the briny air. Few incidents there are: A passing glimpse Of Cape Verde Islands rising from the sea, Sometimes a dolphin sporting in the wake, Or white-winged sea-birds whirling round the prow, And once a glorious storm! At first a distant bank In twilight glow seen brooding in south-west, Then dark advancing with the shades of night Till all the sky is shrouded, and the wind Lashes the waves to frothing fury height. The strongest sails are rent, and the great hulk, As frailest bark, light tosses 'mid the foam One instant raised on watery pinnacle, Then deep engulphed when, like a coming death, Some billow huge advances, rearing up Lofty as highest mast, and curling o'er, As if to swamp the strong oak-builded toy With which it grimly plays--yet ere it strikes Gives time to let its prey in safety rise Upon another rolling mountain ridge. The thunder roars. Upon the surge-swept deck The men to ropes are holding, working all To lessen danger; and the lightning flash Revealeth black forms on the quivering heights Of main and topmast, struggling with the wind, Desperate clinging as they strive to reef The torn and flying canvas. Hearts of men Who bear no part in labour sickly grow With thought of quick destruction, and below, Quivering in white night- garments pray, these groups Of trembling women. Now and then a shriek, When comes a mighty lurch!—may be the last! E'en tautest bonds are burst, and with each roll Women and children ruthlessly are swept From side to side 'mid noise of loosened wood. But on the deck one brave youth boldly strives To lend a helping hand—calm, self-possessed. The flashing glare reveals a young face bright With danger's strong excitement. Quick he is To hear each order, dauntless bear it out At risk of life. Ah, could his mother there Clairvoyant see her son, as foaming waves O'erleaping bulwarks, save for one slight rope Which firm he grasps, would sweep that cherished life Into their bosom dark! Perhaps she kneels At this same time, though, peril none she knows, Perchance those very prayers unkenned by her Preserve him now, as in each hope-forlorn He leads or follows. But at last the rain Down-pouring stills the waves, and gives relief To o'ercharged Nature's anger, winds are hushed, The thunder ceases with one distant growl; And lightning, now no more like lurid fork Rending the black cloud-veil, with flickering glare Glimmers but faintly on the ocean's verge; The stars in groups gleam out; and, ere the morn, On sea and human souls has come the calm That ever follows storm. Ere long the warmth Of tropic zones succeeds the northern cold, And near the line, where not one breathing wind Ruffles the blueness, lies the ship becalmed For long days, rocking in the lazy swell, With useless flapping sails. The skipper treads Restless the deck and whistles for a wind; The helmsman idle stands. The sea birds, too, Half tamely paddle round the moveless prow; And passengers lounge idly, overcome By moistening heat. Brazil then reached at last. The heart of Inez's son beats high with joy As first he views the towering Organ range With lofty peaks like fingers pointing up Into the glowing sky. Then passing through The bare rock-gates he sees a mighty bay Like lake enclosed by mountains, with rich banks Of tropic verdure sloping to the beach That like a snowy crescent sweeps around The harbour's western sides, a silvery line Bounding the circlet of blue inland waves. Quick moving past the bare-peaked Sugarloaf And catching glimpse of fertile islands, bright With glossy palms and broad banana leaves That give an Eastern newness to the scene, They reach Janeiro's shores. A Spanish town Clustered anear the beach, the houses quaint Painted of many colours, picturesque With balconies hanging o'er the narrow streets; And, further off, the villas gleaming white Mid orange groves, or from luxuriant depths Of tropic vegetation. Scarce the ship Has touched the quay than, eager, an old man From letters long expectant, comes to greet His English grandson. But one week they have To spend together, but with loving pride Does the grandfather show his daughter's son The beauties of her country, note with glee The boy's intense enjoyment and delight In Southern gardens, now all glowing bright With scarlet stars, poinsettia, purple blooms, Blue, gold bignonias, in profusion here While in the cold north one such flower would make The glory of a hot-house. But beyond All else he loves the Avenue of Palms, With stately pillars and o'erarching crown Leaf-groined as carven vaulting, seeming like The vista of some grand cathedral aisle— The nature prototype of Gothic form. Short time there is to see the oft described, The yearned-for home of his dear mother's youth. And gain a glimpse of bright fazenda life. Ne'er tired the son of wandering through the grove, Golden with orange, white with scented flowers, Where twenty years agone his father breathed The vows of love into fair Inez' ear. Almost he longs to linger, fix his lot Among his kindred in this gorgeous land But for the quest. Too soon the week is past, Too brief, too brief the glance, but yet enough To leave a glorious vision in his soul, With tropic memories warming live-long years. The cruel ship speeds on its way once more Across the wide Atlantic, plunging south To colder latitudes. The air grows crisp, The ocean deepens to unfathomed blue, And great waves surging with the breezy wind Seem crested as with frost. The albatross With motionless wings in swift majestic flight Whirls round the bows or follows in the wake Like king amid a crowd of lesser birds— Grey Molymawks and specked Cape-pigeons white. Few sights there are. A whale in distance seen With spouting water-fountain. And one morn The cry is heard, "An iceberg heaves in sight!" Yes, there on the horizon's verge it gleams, Like snowy mountain rising from the sea, Transparent white, yet tinged with faintest blush Of sunrise light. Nearer it seems to come, Changing each moment—now an icy peak, And then a castle silvery in sunlight, A pyramid blue tinted, or at last A crystal fortress, born of fairy land, With golden pinnarets, towers whose outlines glow All rainbow- tinted; rich prismatic hues Playful illuming each translucent edge. A joy throughout the day! Untired, men watch The ever-varying beauties, till at length The sun sinks down behind the mighty berg Transforming crystal white to amethyst clear, Then kindling red fires on each icy point Till like enchanted palace, genii-wrought, Of molten gold, in grand resplendency Of nature's gem- work, now it stands Blazing with ruby, and rose-topaz, set Mid glittering diamonds. When the sunset glow Has fainted into night, as vanishing ghost White, shimmering cold, seen on the indigo plain Of ocean waves, they catch one farewell glimpse Of this fair vision from Antarctic zones. A few more weeks, no stirring incident Save signalling safety to a homebound ship, Ere Austral's coasts rise dark within their view, And one clear night revolving shines the light From Sydney Heads. Now lone, with none to greet, Alfier Delorne steps on the stranger land. Much changed the place since quarter- century past His father saw these shores. A city fine, Surprising in English aspect, circles round The harbour's southern banks. Quite homelike, too, Though paler, seem the faces that he sees, And pleasant the society in which His shipmates lead him. Convicts now no more In doleful chain-gangs work upon the roads; For the young colony long since declined To take the refuse from the mother-land, And hates the stain upon her early days. Yet out of this same stain was blessing wrought; Without compulsion none had dared at first To cross the seas and open out new lands To make a home for freer emigrants. And to the convicts—men, perchance, whom want Or ignorance led to crime—the Mercy- God Thus gave a chance of purer life. From sin He, pitying, worked out good. So in this land Prosperous, respected, live some sons of those Who failing once, strove back to right, and gave Their children the advantage they themselves Had missed in youth, amid the jostling strife Of old world crowds. Grand buildings, stone-wrought, rise Where Guy Delorne once knew but barren wilds, A new cathedral still unfinished, if Cathedral it can be where no hoar ghosts Can haunt the aisle 'neath which their ashes rest— A University, presided o'er By master who the older world would grace; Loved WOOLLEY, great in reasoning, classic lore, With mind of finest fibre, heavenly tuned To thought and dream-tones far beyond his age. My second father! For one moment now— I once the child you loved, the listening girl On whose young mind you let in rays of light, Shed from your cultured brain—here pause to lay Thank offering on your ocean-grave. To you I know not what I owe, for who can tell The thought-germs sown in childish virgin-soil, To bloom in later years—the mystic power To mould and purify, that master-minds Wield o'er young souls receptive!--But I feel Vaguely that in those early years were gleaned The sheaves of poesy that yet may bring A harvest that thou wouldst not disdain. But if the harvest, through poor want of power Fail to yield golden grain, still do I bless Thy memory for the aspiration's joy, The hours of happy work, and higher dreams Which though unrealised, bring an ideal touch To raise a woman o'er her narrowing sphere. Not long does Alfier stay, so eager he To find his father's friend, Nought has he heard To serve as guide to wanderings. First he goes To Twofold Bay, where mid the park-like lands Nestle green dairy-farms. Then higher up To the Manaro tableland, whose plains Like grassy ocean, treeless, for wide miles Wave greenly, while on the horizon's verge Transparent gleams white Kosciusko's peak Above Kiandra's snow-range. Then away Southward to Melbourne, where in twenty years A village to a mighty city grew; Northward to Brisbane, whose banana groves, Lining the river banks, bring back a thought Of beautiful Brazil. Deep in the bush He plunges through rich scrubs, where trees Are stag-fern, laden, and their branches bound By purple creepers forming shady bowers, With emerald carpet of soft maiden-hair, Or tender lady-fern. But still in vain! The name of Templar to all men seems lost, No tidings can he gather, so at last Discouraged, to Sydney comes he back once more, And at the club, half-careless, stays awhile. How oft in life it is that when we seek We find not--when forgetful waiting bide The thing desired drops in our very hand! So now, one day, Alfier Delorne has met A banker, who or hearing first his name, Starts, and in course of conversation asks If he has sister here. "No, I have none Nearer than England. Wherefore do you ask?" "Because your name is most unusual, and There lies within my bank a thousand pounds In name of Mabel Eyre Delorne. For long The interest was drawn out by one John Brown, Guardian for her, but now in her own name, 'Tis sent to H------, a little town among The mountain ranges somewhere. "Ah, how long Has this been so? 'Tis strange, mysterious." "For twenty years or more the money lies Just in this manner. Yes, I think with you, There is some mystery. 'Twas not my affair, So I have never questioned; but you seem Most interested!" "Yes, I am, indeed, For on some private business came I here, And this seems like a clue! Can you direct Me to this township? I would go at once!" "But little do I know of inland parts, Yet my good friend, a squatter here, may give The information needed. Now adieu, I wish you all success!" 