MINING INTELLIGENCE. The market was quiet again on Saturday, the auction sales, as usual, interfering with the brokers’ business. Band and Albion Consols had sellers at £1 2s. Hand and Band had sellers of double issue, £1 2s, and now issue at 5s 6d. Prince, of Wales were wanted at Bs, sellers asking 9s. United Albion had buyers at 4s, and sellers at ss. Park had buyers at 7s 6d, aud sellers at Bs. Winters dropped to £23; at which price there were sellers, with no business doing. There were sales in the morning of Lothair at £6 ss” and afterwards at £5 18s and £5 19s. Lothair Ex tended had buyers and sellers at 4s IQd. Queen Victoria had buyers at lls. Prince Patrick had buyers £2 16s 6d, aud sellers at £2 18s 6d.. There were sellers of Newington intermediate at £8; paid-up, £8 7s 6d; aud new issue, £B. Black Horse were quoted at £1 17a 6d, with no business doing. New North Chines had sales at £66. Golden Reef were sold at £3, £3 Is, and £2 19s. Business was done in East Golden Reef at 2s 4d. New Koh-i-Noor were quoted at 3s 3d. Magdala had sellers at £2’ 17a 6d, and buyers at £2 16s. There were sales of Parker’s Extended at 10s 9d, sellers at the close wanting lls. North Parkers were offered at 2s 7(1 Argyle Company, Linton—Yield for week. 111 oz 5 dwt. Band and Albion Consols Company—Yield of gold for the week:—No. 1, 175 oz 11 dwt; No. 6, 23 oz: total, 198 oz 11 dwt. . Bonshaw Freehold Company—Yield of. gold for fortnight, 125 oz 13 dwt. ■ Buninyong Estate’ Company—Yield for fortnight, 42 oz. A considerable amount of prospecting work has been carried on with satisfactory results,—this work necessarily curtailed the gutter workings. ■ Black Hill Company—Yield of gold, 69 oz 3 dwt'l2, gr from 210 tons quartz. .. . Black Horse Company—The manager reports:— “ We have'finished repairing winding shafts, so that we can start to break and wind quartz on Monday first. Contract for sinking winze between Nos. 5 and 6 levels has been let for distance required, and altera tions and improvements to the battery will be finished about middle of the ensuing week, when crushing will be resumed.” ■ - City of Canterbury Company—Yield for past week, 46 oz 11 dwt 12 gr. Creswick.—Our mining operations are fast drifting in the direction of Spring Hill, and with the excep tion of the Australasia Company aud tho Key Company, wo have little to record iu the way of yields; these both hold their own; but’ with very different results, for while the one is "a good dividend-paying mine, not a shilling of tho proceeds of tho other ever findij its way into the pockets of the shareholders, many t of. whom', have ■ all' but- forgotten. - they are shareholders. Lewcrs’ Freehold have had another good week, their returns amounting to 159 oz 13 dwt. The Reserve Company washed on Saturday 45 oz. Their No. 2 shaft bottomed oh Saturday on what they report to be the western reef; good-looking washdirt was obtained from the shaft. The Northern Freehold washed their, firat machine on Saturday for 16 oz 5 dwt. . Some slight disappointment was felt in conse quence of reports of a splendid yield being anticipated, which rose the shares up to £lO on Friday evening, but on'Saturday they dropped to £8 10s. It is very pro bablegthe next washing will be far better. Clarke's Freelttld have secured a good piece of the road be tweem them aud Lowers’ Freehold; they have discovered a gutter to the east of the shaft, which has increased the’stock in favor; their No. 2 shaft bottomed during the week at about 60 feet; they have sunk in the reef and opened but. Gostellow’s Freehold is down 62 feet in clay. Grey’s Freehold are sinking in reef, at a depth of about 100 feet. The Nor’-West are 70’feet, but not through the rock. , The Western Freehold are in a similar position. The Southern Freehold in prospecting for a new gutter have fallen across posi tive evidence of its existence. , Lewcrs' Lead Company are down about 30 feet in hard rock. Marking off the site for Lewers’ Sovereign Company on Saturday afternoon was quite a festive affair; refreshments were freely dispensed to about three hundred persons, and success to the company was drunk in a bumper, Mr W. Davies, one of the directors, marked off the shaft, Mr A; Lewers assisting in the ceremony. No little sensation was caused by: a report that Leish man’s Reserve paddock, to work which a company has just been floated, had been jumped,bn Friday by some well-known Ballarat jumpers. Trusswell is the name of one of the applicants. It is firmly believed that Mr Trusswell and his friends have not the ghost of a show. The yields from the various claims were as follows:—Australasian Company, 219 oz (fortnight); Key Company, 139 oz (fortnight); Carter and Cos., 20 oz 10 dwt; Golden Point, 94 oz.. dunes.—New North dunes Company—Quartz crushed for week, 986 tons; yield of gold, 433 oz Idwt, including 39 oz 5 dwt from 15 tons of pyrites; :total yield for past three weeks, 1263 6z 1 dwt. dunes Consols Company—r Mining manager reports ■ under date the Bth inst:—“The shaft has been sunk 4 feet -6 inches for the week, making a total depth from sur-. face of 955 feet 6 inches; ground continues favorable, being clean slate and sandstone. No. 6, or the 862- feet level—The north-drive has been extended's feet, ground very hard. Reef continues without alteration; since last report, there being about 3 feet thick of solid: stone. No. 5, or. the 762-feet level—North drive "ex-' tended’lo feet; reef continues well defined, and being: 15 inches thick, carrying clean walls.” Lothair Quartz. Company—Tho manager reports:—“Air drive fronr No. 1 jump-up in 177 feet, south drive from No. 2 jump-up in 104 feet; expect to breakthrough to No.' 3 jump-up with this drive next week. The wash well drained and looks well From No; 3 jump-up the: cast drive is in 46 feet, west drive in 45 feet. Gold : seen in the wash. Having commenced to block a little, bettor yields may be expected. The No. 2 cross cut east has been driven 6 feet, through 3 feet of promising looking stone, but I think there is more stone ahead. The lode in south drive at No. 3 level ia getting larger again, being now about 3 feet thick. At the No. 4 level a bore,has been put in 6. feet, and struck the Union Reef, which is now. letting out a large quantity of water; in from shaft 9 feet with drive. The surface lift is delivered, aud in course of erection, also heavy timber for strengthening balance-bob. Expect to start to puddle next week. Quartz and alluvial crushed for fortnight, 1200 tons; bar gold, 104 oz 9 dwt, alloy not included.” Lothair Extended Company—The manager reports:—“There , is no change to report in tho country ive have driven through. Owing to the bad state of the roadswe have not got in any props or laths, nor the poles for tram road. We have not lost any time about tho . works, the coutractors having some centreing to. do before they are finished. The shaft has also to be skidded, and the boiler cleaned, which will take the whole of next week, after which we may have the poles, ,&0., ready for a fair start with the drives. ■ The east chamber is now finished, and the west chamber will be finished to-day.”. .. Don Extended Quartz Company—Cutting down the shaft has been completed and sinking commenced. At the 90-feet level a dnvo is being put in along' the lode, and when sufficiently far a winze will be‘sunk to the lower level, which will prove the ground-and thoroughly ventilate the mine. -About 4 tons of fine looking quartz in the paddock. Devonshire Company, Buninyong Estate—Yield for fortnight, 40 oz, 16.0 z of which was obtained from, tho machine washed on. Saturday. “ ' Freehold United Quartz Company—The mining manager reports:—“Andrews and party crushed 80 tons for the week, will clean up next Saturday. Perry and party driving on the lode, which looks payable. The other tributors ; are pushing on the works satis factorily.” Great Gulf Company—Yield- - of gold for tho week, 34 oz 17 dwt. One day was lost through one of the ropes breaking.; ’ Hand and Band Company—The manager reports:— “No. 4 shaft—Yield of ,gold for the week ending 9th instant, 110 oz 17 dwt.-- The directors have decided to fix pumps ‘ in the blind shaft; in 425-feet level, which is to be worked by a. water- pressure engine. Depth of this shaft at present, 45 feet (depth required, 78 feet), from which it is proposed to start two drives, one to join the main;drive, f -now’ 550 ‘feet from-main shaft, and the other in a westerly direction;, .by these means we will be able to reach the mam- gutter at least four months sooner than we otherwise would. ?dw 2 t Blla£ v~ Yield , * tttia l Blla£t for'the week/fiS oz iy ~ YiM; ° V * oW . Leviathan Company—Manager reports:—“The vield for.the week is as follows:-—No I sliaffe ■. gators No. 2. 7 oz 10 dwtfUltora’, Ld W nl j’' “ I 7 dwt ’ A considerable delay 250 ,2 th , roUgK one of the winding ropes onT Therel 7 ’ ° nly t beins abl « to wind with the The ml f° Cha , neefco ra P or t in any of the faces, at tn . b . u^ ra have several faces in dead work tha P t Xft’ m! Ch for tbo small yields from ““V They expect to be into wash in the water evel about the middle'of nest week. The No. 3 tributors are opening out in the western gutter, only “f, f . aae can b® at work there until they are through with the air-dnve into their former workings, which wiU take them about three weeks. A trial machine will bo washed off during the week." Maryborough District.—The following are the yields and reports of mines for the week:—Seaham Company A'ma—Ymid for the week, 160 oz. Gladstone Com pany, Alma—Good prospects were obtained from the' shoot first put'up for the new run, but level having been lost made it necessary that, a. second: rise be started. This is now completed, and driving com menced for the deep ground. ; John Bright Company, Chinaman s Plat—Yield for the week, 211 oz 6 dwt Morey Freehold Company, Linton—Yield for week ending Friday, 10 oz 15 dwt. The second machine will be ready for use. in four weeks from date. ; • New-Isis Company, Stuart Mill—Yield b£ ; gold, 37 oz 14 dwt from 60 tons quartz. No. 1 South Company, Daylesford—The mine man ager .reports that, owing to the tributors -losing their best faces through the ground running, operations have been delayed. The battery has been cleaned up, giving 1033 oz of gold. In the place where last worked the lode underfoot. is narrower, but appearing to widen out as it goes south—out of which some very nice quartz was got, all carrying a little gold, some very coarse. It is expected that the tributors will immediately start to continue the works at the 300- feet level, also above, which were recommended some time since after an inspection of Dunstan and party's mine, as likely to result in the speedy discovery of the continuation of their rich shoots of stone, and which important works were temporarily neglected whilst the recently worked stopes were operated on. _ Pleasant Creek.—Newington and Pleasant Creek Quartz Company—Manager reports;—“The ground in tlio bottom of the shaft is still thickly intermixed with quartz, and although there is an absence of any good faces, the contractors continue to make -very fair progress, having sunk 6i feet for the week, making the present depth 1023 feet below surface. Quine and party, tributors, are still getting out stone from above the 460-feet level, where the lode is about two feet thick. Twelve heads of the battery are engaged crushing a parcel of about 60 tons for the All England Company, while the twelve heads are on tailings." Magdala Quartz Company—Sinking has now been re sumed, five feet having been sunk during the past week, making total depth to date, 1210 feet. The country passed through has been hard, close-grained grey slate, mixed with small flat leaders. The con tract price for sinking is £7 5s per foot. Driving—ln the drive at the 800-feet level a new make of stone has been met with, which will eventually make into the main reef. . The distance driven for the week is six feet. Prince Patrick Company—The mining manager re ports;—“The contractors in this shaft are making rapid progress, and there is every probability of the ground continuing favorable; 10 feet has boon sunk for the week, which makes, the depth of the shaft 562 feet. Tenders are now invited for sinking the shaft to a further depth of 130 feet.” South Scotchman’s Company;—The mining . manager reports:—“Thero is no change in the ground in the shaft since lust report. The contractors are working steadily, but the pro gress made is not up to. the average, There, has been 4i feet sunk for the week, which makes the shaft 967 feet deep.” • Parker’s Extended Company—Mining manager re ports:—" Have risen two, slopes over 150-feet level In the first the lode is making bigger south, and is 3 feet wide, in the second about 2 feet wide; in-the Bth stope below the 150-fcot level there is a good lode south, clean quartz. By the look of the main drive south, and the Bth slope under it,-this coming week will be.better than the ono just passed. . The eastern cross-cut, 400-feet level, is now 6 feet in quartz; from the furthest face I got fine gold, and in the hanging wall_ expect better stone., : In the western drive the rise is up 9 feet, and shall go some distance further before I reach settled country above the break.' From the retorted silver of last, fortnight’s yield I smelted the gold, and had 6_j oz; ■ from the plates this past week have 54 oz amalgam.’’- ■ - ! , . Prince , of .Wales Company,Sebastopol—Week’s yield of gold—No. 3, tribute, 134 oz 14- dwt; No/ 1> tribute, 5 oz 12 dwt;. total, 140 : oz 6 dwt. The' manager reports:—“ The No. ; 3 upper level still con tinues good, and the ground now being worked is more level,-witkhard cement overhead; -No. 1 tributors are still prospecting, but they have met indications of being near ,a heavy wash, in’the ; shape;, of heavy boulders embedded in stiff clay. ■ The shaft is now 122 feet below- thedower plat; and the'country now being passed through'consists of hard blue sandstone, with quartz .leaders from 4. to 5 inches ■ -thick- cutting the strata from east to .west, .The company have purchased the Old Camp and Long Gully shafts (late New Prince of Wales Company) for ventilation pur poses.” . . Park Company—The manager- reports:—“ Work in the mine has been hindered, by foul air during the past fortnight.' Yield of gold for that period is 160 oz 4 dwt.” Queen Victoria Company—The manager reports:— “ Amalgam from blankets, ripples, and copper plates for the week, 51 oz. The mine generally shows indi cations of improvement. The'.north lower main level has been let under contract for the whole distance to No. 2 shaft, about 600 feet.” Reform Company, Haddon—Yield of gold for the week:—No. 1 shaft, 107 oz 15 dwt; No. 2 shaft, 41 oz 10 dwt 'l5 gr; total, 149 oz .5 dwtlsgr. ' f' ■ Racecourse Company—The mining, manager re porter—“ The latter.part of the week has been taken up with repairing aud cleaning up drives.’ Yield, 21 oz.” Sultan Company, Blackwood—Mining manager re ports, ‘under date Bth’ instant':—'“North .drive on Mounter’s lode extended 18 feet for.fortnight,-making distance in from cross-cut 101-feet.• Tliestone broken to-day is as rich as any part of the lode. Slopes lookingquite-as well as. last reported; A drive has been opened north and south on the intermediate lode, discovered since last report at the 105-feet level. The stone is about 13 inches wide, and showing coarse gold. No. 1 shaft is down 483 feet; depth sunk for fortnight, 8 feet. South main drive, 400-feet,level, has been extended 9 feet. .Con tractors for erection'of pumping engine have completed their contract. New battery boxes are in position, and carpenters are re placing tables, &o.; I expect to have all completed by Tuesday-next. In the meantime crushing'is being carried on at Mounter’s battery.” Sovereign Company—The manager reports:—“Con tractors have sunk 2 feet 6 inches in the shaft for the week; they were engaged in slabbing up and putting in another length-of pumps. All-the drives and slopes are in plenty of stone on the 570-feet level. The west cross-cut is still carrying a gold bearing loader; , have cut a very good run of stone on this level. On the whole, the mine is looking well. ..Crushed for the fort night 520 tons quartz; yield 128 oz 19 dwt of retorted gold.” • . ‘ Saints Company—The manager reports:—“First rate progress is being made with the intermediate level Distance driven for week, 50 feet, makiug 115 toot from jump-up. The rise therefrom is up 35 feet, and is expected .to break through about Thursday next. Reef in north-west drive still hard) have com menced to enlarge drive with intention of putting up a rise for the purpose of proving the ground overhead. As before reported, the washdirt -is being opened up ready for'blocking. Yield for week, 30 oz. The min ing manager ia of opinion that the falling off in the yield is occasioned by the gold having fallen into the deep ground or gone higher on the reef. A new cross cut opened out west is looking well os it gets on the higher ground.” Smytbesdale.—Pitfield Plains Prospecting Company went through the rock at a depth of 3.0 feet; the shaft is now down 52 feet. There, ia a strong feeling with many persons that, if the principle of government aid towarcls prospecting operations be at all admitted,’ few districts in the colony have a stronger claim upon government assistance than‘Pitfield. It ia thought by some of the most experienced miners in the locality that' the main lead has never yet been met with; while the aggregate amount spent in -what -may L be ‘called’ prospecting is stated to be about £25,000. Of this sum Mr P. Telford himself has probably expended hot less than: £ 5000 . : Many, other of the leading district investors have also lost heavily in the same quarter. It has been Bug-' gested that if a sufficiently strong case could be'made out for the further exploration ,of the vast.territory.in question, the Government could perhaps be induced to allocate a siim of money towards the .object. At worst the money would be expended in a laudable enterprise;: while in’ the event of the being crowned .with, success, and a rich -tract--of country proved, the government claim ■ could" be made- the -first-charge- upen the surplus 1 profits of the mines. Grand Trunk company obtained 54 oz 7 dwt 12 gr at No. 1 shaft; there was no wash ing at No. 3.. Golden Lake ‘obtained 113 oz 15 dwt 12 gr; a.dividend of 6s per share has , been declared, payable on 12th August. 1 Golden.. Stream Company’s tributors obtained 27 oz 8. dwt 18 gr. .United- Leads Company’s tributors* return -was‘ estimated--by 1 the manager at about 19 oz. Bute Company for the fort* night obtained 58;oz 17 dwt 2 gr. Try Again Com pany for the same; time obtained'76 ! pz’l4 dwt 9 gr. x ; Try Again, Company, Black Ball, for the week obtained soz 19 dwt 18 gr. Globe -Quartz Company, -New ton, for about a'week’s crushing obtained 15 oz 18 dwt 6 gn Hopewell Quartz Company, Staffordshire -Reef, obtained-13 oz 19 dwt. 18 gp. Speedwell Quartz Company for the fortnight obtained 16 oz 15 dwt. Prince of Wales Company’s contractors are stated to be , “ own about 90 feet with the, shaft. Kitty Consols Company s return for the week was stated'to be about Eldorado Company for the week obtained'B2 oz 5 dwt; the, ground opening up’southward is of.a good; paying character,,; Golden. Gate Company ex-. pects tobe. able to resume driving to- day. The under ground works have been'secured'as fur’as possible, and there is every hope that the sand difficulty is over. Surprise Company expects to get a machine: washed off this week. Roxburgh Company’s contrac •tors at a depth of 63 feet -struck water so heavy as to break the terms of contract. It is expected that a general meeting wiU be called to deal with the matter.' Atlantic Quartz Company’s contractors are in about 25 feet with the drive. At Gorman Reef Hill mining matters are a little dull at present. .At Lin , ton; Anderson’s Freehold Company had the reef very : hard last week, and the main drive was extended only 24 feet;—the total length from the shaft is now 420 feet. At Haddon, the Trunk Lead Company for the week obtained, 93, pz.; Faith in the future of Haddon seems daily to be gaining strength in the district’. Tookey Quartz Company, New Zealand—The. fol lowing telegram was received on Saturday:—“ E. W.. Spain, ■ Esq., Victoria, —Tributes improving. United- Pumping Association 385 feet deep, cutting through; stone, supposed main lode, looking wellin test.—Chas.- Tothill. Auckland, 2nd August, 1873.” Winter’s Freehold manager reports; —“ The maid west level has been driven 14 feet for the week, . No change in the bid gutter workings. The drive from the rise in the east will be through into wash in a day,or so. The wash in the east and west drives in: the .north-west is looking better.’ Yield of gold, 62 oz 12 dwt.” ’ Black Hill South Extended Company—The man ager reports:—“The tributors will commence carting atone to the battery this day’(Monday).” City pf Ballarat Company—The manager reports:— “The.contractors have had higher to puddle.up than was anticipated, which occupied the whole,of the past week; they are expected to finish to-day. • Erection of machinery progressing; the large pumping beam is in position, and the bed plate for the cylinder is fixed.” Duchess Quartz Company—We have now about 30 tons of quartz in the paddock, which promises well. The faces are still looking well, although the stone is rather narrow just at present. Dividend Quartz Company, Stieglitz— I The usual weekly report has not yet come to hand. The last report from the mine manager stated, however, that there was no particular change in.the lower level, but wore expecting,to striko quartz in the rise daily. The vein near the surface was looking fairly,-and showed a little gold of a coarse nature. East Golden Reef Company—Manager reports:— “The shaft is down 60 feet, slabbed, and centered.” East Koh-i-Noor Company—The contract for erect ing -whim is completed, and top of shaft braced -up. Active’work ; will now be carried bn. Great Central Company Manager reports : “ Driving south and west at the 250-feet level is being , carried on with all despatch.” Grand Duchess Quartz Company—Mining managoi , reports the shaft is down 25 feet. Haddon Great Extended Company—Sinking has been carried on during the past week in good working rock. ’ Jupiter Quartz. Company, Palmer’s Gully—The manager reports:—“ The prospects from this mine are so encouraging that the company have just con cluded the purchase of a first-class-eight-head battery. The directors anticipate that in about three months from present date the battery will be erected and in full swing.’’, . Lindsay Company, Elaine—The manager reports:— “ The water having been baled out of shaft men were got below and resumed sinking on Friday in good working ground. All the machinery working first rate.” Lowers’ Golden Lead Company—The manager re ports:—“The shaft ia down 30 feet; expect to bo through the rook in other 20 feet.” New Parker’s Consols Company—The manager reports:—“Drive in 20 feet;ground easier, and expect to strike the lode this week,” ‘ ■ ' Nil Desperandum United Company—The sinking of shaft to ’ the required depth will be- done by wages men. New Golden Reef Company—The manager reports: —“ Baling has ‘ been : continued during the week; driving will be commenced on Wednesday.”- i Now Koh-i-Noor Company—The manager reports: —“ We expect the blind shaft will break through into wash early Monday morning.” — - .’New -Homeward Bound’ Company—Tho- mining, manager reported—“ No. ’ i«'shaft‘has been let on tribute, and the tributors ‘ will-commence ‘ work this day. At No. 2 shaft the ‘tributors have now got through a portion of the dead work, and ’ will be in a position to raise more quartz in future.” North Parker’s Company—Tho mine manager re ports:—“At No. 2 shaft wo have out the reef 10 feet from shaft; the width of the lode is 3 feet 6 inches. The distance from where the shot of gold was struck on the surface and where we have the lode in the drive is 67 feet, with an underlay of 1 foot in 6 to the cast. No. 1 shaft is sunk for the week 8 feet, and No. 3 8 feet. Have opened up the'cutting further south, and the lode is very promising.” Pioneer Deep Sinking Company—The manager re ports;—“ On Tuesday tre struck- a body of stone be tween 4 and 5 feet thick, showing gold all through) are. now opening out on it, with the’intention of taking out a trial crushing.” South Learmonth and Egerton Amalgamated. Com pany—The.mining manager reports as follows: “ Since last report the north drive - has been extended 7 feet, and south 2 feet; the quartz in the former is improving. I expect.daily to be in .payable stonei Gold obtained hi dish.” ; South Temperance Company—The contractors arc getting on with the sinking of shaft, and; expect to bo bottomed this week. ; , ■ , Sultana Company, Blackwood—Tributors have out 120 tons of stone ready fob driishing; the lode con tinues to look well ' Main shaft sunk 5 feet for week, the water slightly increasing., ; ' ; South Parker’s Company—The manager reports:- “Tho shaft is down 20 feet; and has passed through various fine leaders, denoting the proximity of a main reef.” South .Welcome Company, Little Forest—The ma nager reports:—“ Contractors .are-making good pro gress in sinking the shaft; There is no change in the character of the country or amount of water.”' - . United North Park Company—The manager reports: —“The whole of the works are going on favorably. Since the last heavy rains there has been great trouble to get firewood.” . . . . : , • Vineyards Company, Hepburn—The mine manager reports, 8th August’:--'‘‘The new shaft is down 84 feet; sinking, soft sandstone, intermixed with ; small quartz veins.” ’ Welcome Company—Little Forest—The mining manager reports that since last report he has com menced to drive north and south from north shaft, and had broken through several leaders . which, he thinks; will lead to the main body at no great dis tance. Thu pump.shaft has been sunk the required depth. Much of the heavy work in connection with tho erection of battery and machinery is completed.” 