To the Editor of the Church of England Messenger. Sir — I shall be obliged to you if you will insert in the forthcoming Messenger the accompanying communication, which I received by the. post this morning; both in way of acknowledgment to its unknown author, and also for the purpose of .circulating the very simple and admirable form of prayer adopted by the Birmingham School Board. I fear that there is no hope of our 'present Legislature sanctioning any recognition of God in the State schools of Victoria. — I am, sir, &c;, . . C. Melbourne. Bishopscourt, 15th July, 1873. Can nothing be done to induce the Government to introduce some form of prayer in our present godless schools ? The enclosed is cut from a Birmingham paper, and forwarded by A Fbiend. ' The School Board Peayer.— The following is the form of prayer proposed by the Eev. F. S. Dale for use at the opening of schools under the control of the Birmingham School Board. The prayer has been pre pared by the Eev. F. S. Dale, by direction of the board : — Teacher — My voice shalt Thou hoar in the morning, 0 Lord. Children— In the moruing will I direct my prayer unto Thee, and will look up. Teacher — Remem- ber, O Lord, Thy tender mercies. Children — And forgive me all my sins. Teacher— Create in me a clean heart, 0 God. Children — And renew a right spirit within me. Teacher — Lead me in Thy truth, and teach me. Children— For Thou art the God of my salvation. Teacher — Preserve me, 0 Lord. Children — For in Thee do I put my trust. Teacher — Hold Thou me up. Children — And I shall be safe. Teacher — Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity. Children — Incline my heart to fear Thy name. Teacher — Set a watch, O Lord, before my mouth. Children — Keep the door of my lips. Teacher— Teach me to do the thing that pleaseth Thee. Children — For Thou art my God. Teacher — Thou art ? good, and doest good. Children — 0 Lord, my God, I will give thanks unto Thee for ever. Teacher — Lord, hear our prayer. Children— And bless us this day, for Jesus Christ our Saviour's sake. Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation ; but deliver us from evil ; For Thino is the kingdom, the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ,' and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with us all. Amen.' 