GENERAL EXTRACTS. Mr. Crompton Hutton, who sat as county court judge for the first time on Friday, must have formed a high idea of the amount of intelligence prevailing on Circuit Nose. One of the very first cases which came before the new judge at Bury was one of witchcraft. The plaintiff, a young girl, sought to recover wages in lieu of notice, and the value of a box of clothing, alleged to be wrongfully detained. About two months ago, the defendant on Mr. John Boosty, a dyer and bleacher turned her out of his service and his house at half-past ten at night, on a charge for which she might have been burned in what Mr. Bcosty probably considers the good old times. A fellow-servant, no doubt fired by the recent example of the "Camberwell Ghost," had been amusing herself for some time past by setting the bells of the house singing, and when detected, accused the plaintiff of having bewitched the bells and of having a very thin father who " pulled faces" over the stair- case. This was enough for the bleacher and dyer, who not only dismissed the alleged witch, but would not give up her boxes on the ground that she had " bewitched " the key out of the door of the room where she had kept them. Mr. Hutton did not adjourn the case for the opinion of exports and for the result of scientific investigations, is no doubt he ought to have done. He found for the reputed with." without even submitting her to the ordeal of the horse pond. But it is rather melancholy to think that, if the poor girl had really pulled the bella, and, instead of being called a witch, had called herself it " medium," she might have been rewarded by idiots instead of being persecuted by them. Perhaps The Times will take notice that a judicial investigation is sometimes the most "scientific " that can be devised. Globe. A New Brassiere Pownwt.-On Saturday afternoon a number of interesting experiments were made with purely tho at the Cauldon Low Limestone Quarries, North iStuHbrdshiro. ' These quarries are situated in the wildest and most secluded part of the Staffordshire Moorlands,, and are reached from the Chair not Valley Rail way Station by an incline three miles long, and running for a large portion of that distance at a gradient of 15in 12. The working face of the quarry consists of an imposing escarpment more than a quarter of a mile across, and varying in height from 300ft. to 150ft. The North Stafford- shire Railway Company are the proprietors, and they supply annually to the iron masters of both extremities of the country, for fluxing purposes, nearly a quarter of a million of tons. The visitors on Saturday included the Duke of Sutherland, Lord Tarbat, Mr. Percy Morris, General Manager of the North Staffordshire Railway ; Mr. W. 0. Savin, of Oswestry, and; Mr. li. Taylor, of London, directors or the Patent Safety Blasting Powder Company, who are the patentees of purely the ; Mr. J. J. R. Poole, son of the inventor, foe. On the arrival of the company a shot was fired. This "shot" consisted of 2,700 lb. of ordinary gunpowder deposited in a chamber excavated in the rock more than 30ft. from the, fuse. The explosion brought down aboutlO^OfiOt tons of limestone, and left besides several crews mous masses apparently tottering and ready to fall. ' ' Shots " of this power are fired about once a month, and in the present excited state of the iron trade the quantity thus obtained is insufficient to meet the demand. After this the experiments with purely tho were proceeded with. A hole 3ft. deep and an inch in diameter was driven into the floor of a terrace of rock, and 3ft. 6in. from the perpendicular face. A charge of 16in. of ' purely tho was fired, with the result that the rock, though not blown out, was fractured in all directions, cracks extending across the face to the breadth of 18ft. 6in. and 7ft. downwards. The lifting force was next tried. A hole 2ft. 8in. deep and lin. in diameter was driven into the base of a terrace and charged with 13in. of purely tho. This raised and shattered into many pieces a mass weighing about eight tons. Five inches of ordinary blasting powder were then inserted in the course of a loose block of limestone weighing between seven and eight tons. The hole was an inch in diameter and 18in. deep. The mass was broken to pieces. Two trusses, each weighing about three tons, were then charged, one" with 1 Jin. of ordinary powder, and the other with His. of purely tho. The stone containing the powder was blown to pieces, while the charge of purely tho, owing to imperfect tamping, did not explode. By this time the workmen had allowed it to appear that in the matter of blasting powder they were staunch conservatives, and the failure of the purely tho in this case, the charge merely going off with it " fish" was received with derisive laughter. Two other lifting experiments were then made with the purely tho, and they were quite successful, but not more successful, the iiiiurrymon said, than gunpowder would have been. The non-explosive nature of the now Biibstimco when not confined was then demonstrated. Small heaps were placed upon the ground, and it was found that these could not be limited by the name of a lucifer match, but it was necessary to thrust into the house a lighted fuses. It then burnt away slowly, Uko very damp gunpowder. A quantity of the powder was afterwards placed upon an anvil and beaten with it sledge-hammer, but it did not explode. The finest experiment of this kind, however, was that which closed the trials. A large fire was made in an iron stand, and in the midst of the line was placed a deal box containing 25th. of pudvolythu. At the end of ten minutes the fire reached the purely the, audit blood up suddenly but with so little of explosive force that the deal box, although burnt to it mere shell, retained its original shape. The experts present were divided in opinion as to the merits of purely tho" for blasting purposes. In this respect it had not shown itself to possess a very decided superiority to ordinary powder, but its advocates contended that the trials had been made under unfavourable conditions. It was generally admitted, that it Bitfuty from explosion by accidental ignition or omieuitsidii had been established, and its superiority for mining purposes was shown in so far that it gives out very little smoke, and by the general absence ' of flame on explosion would greatly reduce the liability to the ignition' of fiMlftinumblo'gases.-fililí». ' « " n el- <. 1 