HIPPOPOTAMI FIGHTING IN THE ZOOLOOGICAL GARDENS. (Frank Buekland in Land and Water.) By the kindness of Mr. Burtlett, I havo had the good fortune to bo present on the occasion when the little hippopotamus, Guy Fawkes — who is now eight months old — was introduced to his.disagreeabla old father, Obesh, a resident in the gardens, for twenty-three years. Obceh wac quietly mupching his ^breakfast of grass in tlie outside den, when at a given Bignal the portcullis' of the mother's den was gradually raised, and tlio two heads appeared gazing out with a; most comical expression. Seeing hid wife, the old man left off- munching his grass, grinned a ghastly'grih, and he loudly trumpeted ' Uinph,' ' Umph,' 'Umph.' , ? Little Guy Fawkes then came forward 'from behind his mother, with the action and stiffness of a pointer when ho hus discovered a covuy of birds: gradually and slowly he went up to his father, and their, outstretched noses were just touching, when the old woman sounded the signal for war, and rushing past the young one, fairly challenged herrlord and^inaBter ,to singlo combat. He instantly retreated a.step or two, aud hia wife begun to pretend to munch at the grass, keeping her eyes al'ways fixed Bpilefully upon him. . , ,?{,:? ,. ? i ?? ? Just at this moment Lhe sun shone out, nnd I was enabled to eee most distinctly /the remark able phenomenon of the ' blood-sweat' of these gigantic animuls, when excited. ; The usual pale-chocolate color of the ekin of the husband und ,wife became densely covered with spots that looked like thin red gum, and when the male ; turned his head I could see thut these spots were globular j they glistened liku dew on a cabbage, and stood jhigh upon tho skin like blood-stained diamonds'. I munnged subsequently to wipe off one. of these globules, and it stained my note-book quite red. After gazing at each other, for about a minute, old Dil —for thut is the female's name— made a suvnge rush ut her husband, nnd simultaneously both , animals reared up on their hind legs, like bull dogs fighting. They gaped wide their giiantic mouths, und bit, and struck, and lunged at each other savagely, while the grass fell out of their groat coal-scuttle mouths on to tho battlefield. The crash of their tusks coining together was truly Homeric, and reminded ine of tho rattle and smash ins crush, only exaggerated when the Windsor Park red deer charge and fight with their horns. For a second or two theeo .two gigantic animuls closed together and swayed to and fro like Cornish wrestlers. This scene of the hippopotami. fighting, was grand in tho ex treme, and would form a good subject for an Oxford prize poem or the pencil of LamUeer. When they BoMled on their four legs again the old woman followed up her advantage by giving her husbund a tremendous push ' well hit,' with her head j 'and while the. cowardly old fellow sneaked backwards .into his pond, his wife trumpeted a triumphant signal of victory from the bank. All this time. little Guy kept well iu reur of his mother, occasionally peeping round her sides to see the.. rare and oxtruorilimiry phenomenon of. a. husband atid wife liut-injr a row. Dil then , slowly, and in a .Shah-like manner, wulked down the steps into the water, .and hunted. lhe old man about until she drove him up into n corner ; she then mounted .-entry over him. JTho young one then mounted on to his mother's back, and gazed with filial respect, . not unmingled with impudence, , at, bis ; father. At the least movement on his governor'^ side he sank down into the walcr 119 quiet ae; an. otter, without ... making. ' the slightost. ripple or sending up a bubble of air, and/shortly, reappeared ....with his pretty, I il tie head, erect ears, and bright eyes, ami looking like a gigantic frog. During his subaqueous excursion the little rascal hud probably gone up to and touched his father, for tho old follow guvo u sudden plunge and jump ,8s ,:if he had been touohed up _froin underneath. ^y .something alive. .'iTItus /tlio three-remained for ubout half an hour, grunting and sturing at each; other. Obesh mutlfi one attempt to get out of InV corner and retreat into his den, but his artful old ' missis' was too quick for, him, cut off his re , treat, and drove him back. The little ono, I observed, ulways kept the far side of hiB mother, in caso his father should turn rusty .-again. In about thrce-quurters of an hour the row wus all over, and instead of angry , trumpeting the signals gradually assumed a more amicable tone, and it wus evident that the two Behemoths were getting into good temper. At. last the female swam nearer to her husband, and distending hor great nostrils to tho utmost, uttered a kind of hiss, not the least like a war cry. -W.h.on tho keeper heard this ho said', '.They are all right now, sir j they'll not fight aryvmore. See, the old man's beginning ., to, smile, and ho has uncocked his ears, and left off staring.' The faithful keeper wus quite, right, for all three Hippos at once became friends,, and the domes tic row was over. ? ,;?,, s I understand 'that on, the previous day, when these three beantics were first put together, little Guy Fawkes immediately went up to his gover nor and cheeked him in the most insolent man ner j he bristled up, grunted at him, showed his teeth/and actually challenged bis father to fight. The mother then charged:; the old [ futher, scratched hisiface, and pushed .him; right; bang all of a lump into the water. .The ..littlo one followed up directly, swani junder his father's logs, und actually bit at and :pulled the paternal , tail.' On tlioisecond occasion .the youngeler be haved very differently; it was quite evident that soniehow'or other his.niother bad cautioned. ?: him and given lum:orderB to. :koep in, the rear ' wliilo she fought her, old man.*, Putin's occasion , Obesh was terribly alarmed , although his -wife frightened more .titan ;hurt him.; She so alarmed ; him, that, a! nowO discovery, jwasj mado , by Mr. liarlli'tt. -After the row. was over the, cowardly -aJ?J old Obcsh changed oolor.-v 1 His mnlaUo:colored fiSJSfll ;8kiii: got gradually whiter) and whiter, and the ??%??'' : lower part of.hiB head .and , sides became of a ' ? creamy,nwliita:ilinl,;;and tho poor j old fellow : looked;' aB, wliilo as a ghost.'/,. It, was coin e hours before ho came to his proper color again.. When his wife gave him abiding on t he second dny Obesb. f, ugain lurnori somewhat white, making his blood ^pots stand, out with .unusualj.clearnoss. Now that this family sorlmmago ib over, we trust that for the future thoy will -enjoydomestio felicity. By the way, the controversy lias not yet, been depklpd whether tho. present name ' Hippo ' po' t'u-m'us'' (which 'means' a -horse-river, nob a river-horse), sliaU not bo re-cast info Potumip- .*' j; us, and' the' little IGuy Fawkes receive a new ^appellutiou— llio diminutive' of ineTonainal word^viij;V,'''Hipp6potamidibn' or ?'' Potannp vpodibn.'' 'This, as your correspondent' Mr. JI. ' K. 'Karsldke' remarks,' ' would be barbarous.' J should like to hear a stammerer tackle it, . 