> j RAGGED SCHOOL ASSOCIATION. The annual meeting of the Ragged School Asso iation, was held in the Mayor's Court, at the Town Hall last evening. His Excellency the Governor presided, there being a very fair attendance. Amongst those present were His Lordship's Bishop Bromby ; Hon. Mr. Justice Dobson, Mr C. M S. Chichester, Hon. A. Kennerley, Hon. W. B. Giblin, Hon. P. O. Fysh, Hon. W. Moore,' Revs. Dr. Nicholson, C. P. Greene, J. Stone, J. W. Simmons, T. E. O. Mell, E. Symon ds. F. B. Sharland, Messrs. Jos. Sharland, J. Crouclij Crosby, Dr. Lewis, H. Cook, B. A. Mather, Scott,. MC. The proceedings were commenced by the Bishop engaging in prayer, after which His EXCELLENCY said : My lord, ladies and gentlemen, it is not so very long ago that I was present at the great annual field day of the Council of Education, and in a speech which I made at the subsequent luncheon, I begged those who are interested in the cause of education in this colony, to look well to the lower steps of the ladder. It is at the foot of the educational ladder that I consider we are this evening assembled. No doubt the meeting of this evening is a very modest and unpretending affair, as compared with the great annual gathering of the Council, or even with the prize days of the superior schools, which I attended last week. But it is one, let me say, in which I take part myself. with equal pleasure and equal interest, for, in fact, I look upon these ragged schools as a most important, bulwark of your whole educational fabric. It has been well said that if even the highest philosopher. were to be placed in the midst of daily discomforts, immorality, and vileness, the probabilities are that he would insensibly gravitate towards brutality. How much more susceptible thou must be the impressionable and helpless child to the evil influence of such surroundings and how next to impossible appears the task of rearing a kindly nature, sensitive to evil and pure in mind and heart, amidst coarseness, discomfort, and impurity. Those then in any country who will labour voluntarily, like the promoters of Ragged Schools, in draining, if I may so call it, its " Serbonian bog " of ignorance, and con- verting its sloughs and quagmires into sound soil which will repay cultivation, are, to my mind, well deserving to their country's grateful support. It may be said that what is now the voluntary work of the Ragged School should after all be the compulsory work of the State, but my opinion on this head has always been, that where the State finds a voluntary agency doing good work,, the best thing the State can do is to give it a helping hand rather than to tell it to stand aside. When the voluntary agency fails, then the State may step in to good purpose and let me say further that if compulsory powers are to be exercised at all, they should be exercised in such a way as to show that they do not exist merely on the paper on which they are printed. (Hear, hear. ), "No compul- sion only you must " is to my mind a much better principle to go upon than that of compulsion only you needn't," and upon which of these two principles the compulsory clauses of the Tasmanian Public Schools Acts have been hitherto worked, I will not stop to argue. But I think myself, that while compulsory enactments should be administered with firmness, they should also be administered with disc initiation. I was glad to read the other day a. very favourable account of the Free School in Murray- street, but in my opinion, the circumstances of those whose parents make application for their free admission to that school, should be clearly understood, and their inability to pay distinctly proved, before they are admitted. A great distinction, to my mind, should be drawn between the man who, from sheer poverty, is clearly unable to provide for his children s education, and the man who finds it pleasanter to spend his money in an extra glass of beer, or an extra, screw of tobacco, than in the payment of his children's school fees. The first case is a fair one for free admission to the Free Schools in the second, a man should be made to feel that it is just as much his duty to find education for his children, as it is to provide them with food and clothing, and that the claims of their schooling are at least prior to those of his own extra beer and tobacco, Many and serious, as I deem the objections to be to a general state system of free education, I confess that I would rather see elementary education given free to all alike, than that there indisposition to pay should be accepted as proof positive of inability, and school fees thus become a simple tax upon provi- dence and industry. Such, at all events, is not the spirit and tendency of all recent English legislation on the question of elementary education, more especially the amended Education Act passed last session. It is estimated that by one single proviso of the Education Act of last Session, that I mean, which makes it imperative on the Poor Law Guardians to withold all out-door relief, save on a certificate that the children of the families receiving Bitch relief are being educated, upwards of 200,000 children will speedily be added to the - school registers of the country. And this, according to my view, is the exercise of compulsion in its fairest and most legitimate form. For, as it was well remarked in the course of the debate on the Bill, the child of an out- door pauper is of all children the least likely to be voluntarily sent to school, and is, at the same time, the most likely of all children to got no education, save an vice, or that after shiftlessiicss which is vice's inevitable precursor. But even in England, wide as the compulsory net is being known, 'we see the voluntary agency keeping pace with it, we see Ragged Schools still continuing to exist, and to do good work amongst classes of the population which it would be difficult to reach by the terrors of the law alone. And so, I think, here as elsewhere, Stringently as the law may be worked, there will always Jip scope for voluntary effort, there will always be a field where those may labour who in Milton's expressive language! Yet Imbi it more humane, more heavenly, first By' «inuiiiRvvords to concilier vllUiiR lunatic, And let persuasion in the work of fear. What tltP Hfitmvl work of the Ragged School Union has been during the past year you will learn from the secretary's report. I believe I can say that the schools have been making satisfactory progress, and that the children have been trained not merely in that elementary instruction which we speak of familiarly as the three R's, but in that higher education which his Lordship the Bishop last year (aided the three R's, education of the head, the yard, and the past, AS last year's report well put lt.'tno'biijc'dt'is tO train these children in habits of discipline, punctuality, order', and work, in the sense and practice of the ' truth, honesty, and honour ; apt to base tips training on reverence to god, His word, and His coinmaiidpieuta. J sip -SPlTy, however, to find, from the glance I have had at the draught report, that the subscriptions are falling off, and the teaching power of the schools diminishing in consequence, a considerable distance being actually against the schools in the books of the treasurer. I hope when this is known that the good work SO quietly and unobtrusively done by this agency will meet with more general appreciation and more liberal support. We are assembled here almost on the very eve of our great day of general joy and thanksgiving, and I could not help thinking windy 'prthst powoHul scene in Mr. Dickens' Christ was Carol, where the ghost of fJhlisupUs present is taking leave of the wretched nurses' in whose heart the germ of better feelings and more generous sympathies is beginning to be awakened-" Fi in the holding, of its robe the spirit brought two children- wretched, object, frightful, hideous, miserable, ' They knelt down at its feet, and clung upon the outside of its garment. They were a boy and girl yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish, but prostrate, too, in their humility. ' Whose graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, had pinched and twisted them, and pulled them into allied, Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked and glared out menacing-no change, no degradation, no per- version of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread." "They are man's," said the spirit, looking down upon them, and they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. "This boy is Ignorance ; this girl is Want. Beware of Myall both, and all of their degree ¡ but most of all, beware of this day, for- on his brow V ppp that written which is Room, unless the writing be erased " Have they no refuge or resource ?" cried Sororga. "Are there no prisons?" said the Spirit, turning on him for the last time with his own words', "? Are there no workhouses V " The spirit of our Christmas present is even ppw almost with us, and perhaps his coming will be pare the utmost, secrecy to up at the thought that almost the last apt upto lip quality) was to sail IJ cai}so'y|ua,h has for its object, the erqsùre'frqm the lilQWS of our dear; \- riffs (¡!r"|drpii of the doom written thereby |]IÛ ÍWII!lwrÍtj"H of insurance, "and. clip 'lightening; their burden of other and pauperism whwU lins so heavy upon this small oomuuiitily. (Apj'laupo, ) Mr. Jos. SALIER, the secretary, before reading the report, intimated that he had received a letter from Mr P, T. Smith, making various suggestions with reference to the schools, and offering £10 towards raising the salaries of the teachers. He then read the report as follows: " 'train up a HIM In Mil) way he should go, and william 11 (it out On wIlMot dcuait'iiourat ?;. ... "# During the luafyuar* attendance schools of the Association have been conducted by the same band of teachers, superintended by nearly the same local hands, who assisted by nearly the same ladies who have for years past I'jjijhioil help and countenance to luipoitittil; and WnUbijfc any'DOM hr doriÍoii'4riit¡o|i, null 'tfUlwut satellites flask sympathy beyond tha'iiihiieiliuto affords of fHfiU'Vwj'fjlyhillilitftoirtjfy; drill obeying and sugar in Mudence, and many ooaa'slniml donations, these should »r»«uutiuuiiiK to do within their speolaUpheioau amount of good, and exerting an influence so uotiuftuUl as local institutions, us to make them some eve of hunefiiolloil to the city and the country fur hu) out! the total amount of money that they cost. The average daily attendance during the year has been 350; the five ago number on the hooks 100. The over-age attendance at Watchorn's a cot has been 108, no (more 17 at OiiniMqV KoinJ, attendance 115, on the books 107. Thiwo numbers, though somewhat less than last year, are quite up to the teaching power. Though nineteen years have elapsed since the foundation of the earliest of these schools, it is difficult, through the many classes in their arrangement, to particularise or tabulate results. One teacher says It is now nearly 15 years since first took charge of this school, and I seldom walk the streets but I am recognised by some old scholar. I am able to report, favourably, of a great number who have left the school ; though numbers leave of whom no tidings can be gathered except" that they have gone to the other colonies, and in most cases no doing well., (blue had served his time at Mr. Walch's to the bookbinding and is now in Melbourne em ning 35s a week, ago 'li). Of some eighteen or twenty others "J "bart Town, some are with Messrs. Cumming, Fletcher, Perkins, Austin; Peacock. Wilson, Meech, 4c; nearly all of these lads attended no other school; and the time they have been at their places ranges from 5 to 6 years." Specific facts like these it is important to ascertain and your committee have been led to think that something more might be done by all the teachers in the way of watching the of It fine career of the children that pass through their hands, and so laying the foundation of a school record with contents and results of considerable value. There is one special case dealt with this last year that it may be rated eating to name. A deaf and dumb girl, for many years It pupil in use of your schools, has been sent through the influence of yourconnmtteo to be taught and trained in the Sydney institution. Some hatters have been already received, reporting most favourably on this child as a bright and promising pupil. Sue had been taught in your school to copy pages of writing and it has been very touching to lead little letters from this child to her home ; letters us yet dictated and set, but copied in a good firm hand by her own pen. The arrangement made Is this the Government is to bear two-thirds of the expense for five years ; a few gentlemen undertake the remaining third; the patents provide clothes. The Steam Navigation Company, on the request of your committee, granted a free passage to Sydney and Mrs. James Salier saw to her outfit, which was provided at the expense of her parents and a few friends. Byrne ranging the terms in connection with this hut case your committee have been able to initiate what they think may prove a plain and easy method of dealing with such cases in the future. The Ladies' Committee report: "The work of the schools has gone on steadily during the last year ; the progress made by the children has been satisfactory ; the uverngo,uttendunco good. The annual treat took place in the Domain on 27th February ; 380 children present ; the day was fine and all past off very favourably; the usual supply of sandwiches, ment pion, plum pudding, cake, buns, and fruit was provided by the kindness of friends. The cost in money waft £7 10s 4d ; but besides this, large contributions of food, fruit, etc, were sent by kind friends. The sum of £57 5s 3d has been collected by the 1 ideas and paid in to the Trea- surer." The Lady Superintendent of Watches u-streolleports : " The girls have improved very much in needlework ; 71 articles of clothing were given to the children last June, principally mullet clothes made by themselves. There is now being made up' 20 yards of material. The Hon. Mrs. Du Cane sent calico ; Lady Officer print and Mrs. James Salier print, calico, and flannel. The Lady Superintendent of this school expresses regret that so few visitors. particularly of the ladies, show their presence in it." The Lady Superintendent of Collins-street reports : "In July the distribution of clothing took place, when YOU children received one or more articles of clothing each ; about 91 of these pieces were made by the girls in school. These distributions of clothing in the winter months are a great boon to the children in-. many of whom would otherwise be but poorly clad. The girls are now busy making up flannel presented by the Hon. Mrs. Du Cane, and other material given by Miss. Woolley, Mrs. J. W. Clarke, and Mr. Mather. Contributions of clothing have also been received from Mrs. Parsons and Mrs. W Webster." The Lady Superintendent of Cascades Bond reports "The number of children in attendance continues satisfactory, Airs Deni finds, an visiting the patents that the services of Miss Mitchell and her assistant me much appreciated! 70 articles of clothing were given to the girls in the winter of their own workmanship 40 yards of print was some time since presented by the hon. Mrs Du June, which is being made up by the girls into flocks for themselves." Your Committee would now in closing invite attention, as has been their wont, to certain measures of practical reform i 1\. There is in all the three schools a want of teaching power. No doubt your teachers do the best they can ; but it is a mighty mistake to imagine that we ought to be satisfied with a lower and feebler staff in schools like these than in those public schools, which are composed of more disciplined and receptive pupils. Instead of less there ought to be more teaching power maintained in them, and, if possible, of a higher quality, intellectual as well as mine, in order to secure among children, no much in a state of degenerate nature, that firm and watchful discipline, and that steady and quiet work which can malevolent to lusting and fully satisfactory results, For the Murray-street Free School, organised recently under the immediate supervision of Mr. Stephens, teachers have been selected of a high quality and thorough training; the staff seemly twice as full ; the cost in salaries more than twice as high; while the numbers are not more than in any one of your si hoods, find that pt escribed programme of lessons no higher. In view of all this, your committee beg respectfully to invite more and more liberal donations for) the country districts, and to suggest to the Indians that they revise their collecting hats : find out omitted names and endeavour to add from 150 to £101 June to the revenue. 2\. There is a want in regular attendance and in com- pulso! y power. One teacher says : " My school is very valuable. His to be regretted that the parents of the children an do not evince that desire to keep them together which is necessary to the improvement of the school." And that is no doubt true. But in regular attendance has a more important bearing on the boys and girls themselves than on the mere lessons of the school. It affects theirchiraclor find habits; exposes them to Bro bad tinkling of the streets, and unsettled or undoes the better impressions that were beginning to he made. Something of this might be remedied by the ladies bringing their influence to bear on the homes and on roots. But your Committee are reaching the age viel lan that some measures Beyond this no essential or advisable. Since the meeting of last year, and in consequence of a representation made to the Administrator of Charitable Grants, the Inquiring Officer has had a printed form issued, certifying to the regular attendance of all children for whose maintenance grant of public money was made, and has had this i durand to him, signed by a master of one of these Vice Schools, before milking the monthly payment. This was done with very satisfactory remits so long was money grants were made in any iron- bar, Since (last meeting nKo the compulsion dunn in the Public SCHOOLS' Act, though vogue enough and will join still, has been made nutt of 'strangers. But your Committoanio of opinion tun t some further legislative provisioning vet expedient. They know that there is a class of children on in the city, over whom their part rats have no control. They are of opinion that children whose education, and in many cases their limit trainee, is thrown entirely on the community, the officials of the country ought to be enabled to deal with in the same nutlm'rilutiio way, as it, is the duty and the usual custom of parents to deal with their own. that is, to enforce obedience Fund That the pure race of boys and girls of from 8 to 12 being allowed, through the neglect or incapacity of parents or otherwise, to take the law and guidance of their own conduct into their own hands, would not be tolerated in any heathen land, and in a public scandal in a Christian land. To this matter they as of opinion that the ntteiHiqppI' the Gpyo'iunicut should be specially invited. They believe That It means may be contrived for bringing a power of restraint and compulsion to bear on the children themselves that if such a law be enacted, it should be the duty of the enquiring or relieving officer to set it in motion said That almost absolute discre- tion in judging as to the validity of any claims of occupation, and in dealing with such cases, might be safely vested for a time in a Bench composed of two magistrates, of whom the Stipendiary Police Magistrate is OIIO. PS. Since passing the above Report, your Committee have got the statement of the year's accounts from the late To ensure. By this they are informed that the subscriptions collected during the year have been no more than £78 5s. 11d and that the balance against the Schools at this date is £102 13s. 6d. These facts have cattle' to their know ledge within the last week. The BISHOP moved the first resolution, as follows ; That the report now read with the Treasurer's statement, be printed and circulated, unit that the following gentlemen constitute the committee for the ensuing year with power to bills to their millibars :-PreiMrnt : hon. A. Kennerley, tal, JJ. 10. K'«-/!if«/i|f«<ai II, Cook, I've., ,I.I>.,U!.'Wo4U¡rqok, Knit still'. brimful j Won. P!. O Fysh, Ibu , T. Westbrook. Kin, T. W. Woolley,' also. Jinli'ms R O. Crosby, Esq- -J- W- Woolley. 172. JWalker- : and. R. Sadler; Eva. Mrs! Harp : Rev. J. Stevie. Com m Hi c : Nov. If. H. Bromby, Von. .Uoluloienn Davies. Hon H. K. Dour, OF (Browne, T. T. qalliliHinil, 'J'. K O Bell, Dr. Nicaragua, D. Perry, W. C. Robinson. J. Scott, J. W.SInimana, F. E Stephenson; Messrs P O Abbott, 0. Crosby, O. ArO, Calvert, T. J. Crouch, J. Clellfo. It, (I. Bray, H. Hinsby. it, A. Mather, T. McCormack, T. Perkins, "W, Place, J. W. Woolley, Ladies' Committee ; The Hon. Mrs. Du (Cane, Mrs Allport, Mrs. Barrett. Mrs Barnard, Mrs Calvert Mrs Cleltlbrmul, Mrs. A. Hopkins, Mrs. Kennedy. Mrs H. Miller, Mrs F. Miller, Lady Ottlcor, Mrs. Rollinson, Mrs Woolley, Mrs St.ephenson. Pakenham: Mrs. Wilson. i«rfi;Siiji« hid A soft: Watchorn-street. Mrs Ins Sailor ; Collins street, Miss Garnet ; Cascades Road, Mrs Dear. He said he had great pleasure in moving the adoption of the report, because he thought that in aliiioat¿vorylrospqB(i'iiiiio8s' Ijnaiioi'all.V, At night he regarded as a report of progress. He had been anticipated considerably by the remarks that had fallen from His I'Xcellencyin reference to compulsory education. He (the bishop) was not a novice at this subject. Jfo had interested himself for a great number of years in) all matters relating to the education in the working classes, and he had observed those countries where the coin pulsory principles had been) adopted, in ("seminary, in Switzerland, and in America. He had observed that in Germany, and psppp|al|y in Ttyusiiio, that system had been exercised only in reference to a small minority of the population, in Prussia at triP PlWtlt day It might be said that the pumping fairy principle had ceased to be exercised, It might he answered that the state of things in Prussia was in consequence of of a, wider and stricter application of the principle in day's gone by. He acknowledged that that was the case, but at the same time that result had been brought about by a system unknown he husband, or in course is derived from the IJncHsh palRinJ- hjl'nuyalífm of fatalism e*íc*bi¡>("1 »y1«!«0 parent nr'Witval authority the Crown of Prussia, ii" system 'which would not find iicceptnbloiic83 amongst English people. If he looked from Prussia to friendly, 10 fquml'p5actl,y' a íjini,!:^ state of things. Although in many States compulsory o(|uqritioil bed for; could tjrilA passed yet (how Sells find that pi qyo^qiiiiq the principle emanated from the central power as far as local authority would allow. Unless the compulsory principle in the work of education was unfurled by the local auditor's lies, it would "be a (load butter, and they would be guilty of that offence of encumbering our law hooks with absurd legislation. He was reminded of an extract from Paley on this very subject. He says that the law should cover insist where it can command is that if. noVoi, Should coinijVttld wharfies can cqrifpiV 'Kolstad 'VofertdiV to Abicricvlieqan.au it was more akin to ourselves I and If, in this colony, there were local boards, with sufficient powers vested in them, he should like to see the experiment of a compulsory principle BO tried. He did warn philanthropists and legislators that the compulsory principle would fail unless it was connected with local rating. If there was local rating, those who pay the rates would take care that every child received the benefit of it. The report spoke on the subject of indirect compulsion. He held that an individual, or the State, had a right, in making a gift to decide the conditions on which that gift shall be used, and that, if the parent came to the individual or the State, they had a right to say they would give you assistance provided the children were sent to school. Until indirect compulsion was exhausted, he should be opposed to the application of the direct principle. His Lordship spoke on the characters of teachers, and concluded by a telling appeal, especially at this season of the year, on behalf of the Association. The Hon. W. li. GIBLIN said he had very much pleasure in seconding the resolution moved by His Lordship the Bishop, and expressed the hope that the Education Act which had been introduced into Parliament for compulsory education by the present Puisne Judge (His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson), and carried into law, would be supported by the measure passed in the last session of Parliament. He also expressed his cordial sympathy with the object of the meeting, which he regarded as deserving of their cordial and warm support. He feared that they were too prone to rest upon what Government might do for them, but he must say that he thought the allowance from Government, though not very large, was a very liberal one. (Hear, hear.) The balance sheet showed a Government allowance of £371, as against £80 collected from private sources for the year 1872 and when the Government allowance exceeded £3 to £1 he thought he was justified in suggesting that there must be something wrong in connection with the Association-some want of practical co-operation that ought not to exist. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, the hon. gentleman expressed a hope that the advent of Air. Stone to the secretaryship would show a difference on the right side of the balance sheet. (Applause.) The motion was then put by His EXCELLENCY and carried. The Rev. Dr. NICHOLSON then moved : That the great deficiency shown by the Treasurer's Report, during a period when no unusual expenses have accrued, calls for inmietUato and serious attention and this meeting recommends the Treasurer and Committee, now appointed, to make a vigorous effort for its liquidation, The rev. gentleman spoke at some length upon the want of earnestness displayed by the Christian public in their support of the Association and said that in Hobart Town, it was too much the fashion to undertake many things, and, having undertaken them, to leave them undone. He hoped that when they next met they would have a different report to receive and that instead of experiencing so much reluctance on the part of Christian people to part with their money, they would have sufficient generosity to apply it to good and proper purposes. (Applause.) Mr. CrosBY seconded the motion, Mid characterised the subscription of £87 for a whole twelve- month is simply paltry. He suggested that the Association lost its work unfinished and that it should not rest satisfied with its labours when the children left school, but should watch with care their after progress (applause). He believed that while they had a compulsory system of education, they would never succeed in doing much good, without they had this system enforced compulsory education, pure and simple (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, Mr. Crosby expressed the hope that greater interest would be taken in the affairs of the Association during the coming year than had been shown in the year which was about to close and that the various matters to which attention had been called, and which needed urgent consideration, would be taken in hand by the new committee. (Applause.) The motion was then put and carried. The on. Aw'uu Kr,KNUUi(Ey then moved i I That this meeting gratefully acknowledges the many donations in money for prizes, to the children, in dress materials, and in provisions and fruit, which have been made during the last year to these Schools, and the important bctielUsderived from the assistance of the ladies and gentlemen who are regularly visited them. The hon. gentleman expatiated at length on the assistance afforded by the ladies, and said that much of the success which had attended the Ragged Schools was attributable to them. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. SIMMONS briefly seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. J. Brown: then moved : That it be remitted to the Committee now appointed to consider the bearing of the Public schools Amendment Act on these Schools, and the classes of the city population for whom they are specially intended, and what further legislation, if any, may be advisable in order to secure a more fall and regular attendance In lining, of poor and neglected children. In submitting the motion to the meeting, he desired to press on public attention the fact that they had to deal with two classes in this city : with parents, and with children ; first, with those who, responsible for the existence and care of their children, are yet neglecting every duty of training and discipline incumbent on them as parents and next, with a large number of boys and girls, who, having no good domestic example, no teaching of truth and honesty, and no sense of parental authority, grew up in the streets, under no wholesome restraint, and were going 1 to the bad. And with both of these, he submitted, it is the duty of the governing authorities of the colony to assist in dealing, and in such a way as to secure the best success. If it be our duty, as a community, to spend as we are doing in this city, £600 a, year for the schooling and the training. of these and other children whose parents cannot or will not play for them, to provide large and capacious schools, and to maintain a staff of 1.1 teachers it is certainly our duty to use all this system of means in such a way as to secure to the utmost extent the ends for which this great expenditure of money and effort is undertaken. And, if we are absolutely supporting, by money or rations, some I 170 children, it is not only our public duty, but it becomes our right and privilege as a community to do something more for these children than the mere feeding and, clothing ; it is our right to take all such legitimate measures, though they be strong and decisive, as may tend to insure that. a number of them at least shall grow up to be good citizens and honest women. If we fail in this we may be laying the foundation, by mere weakness and neglect, of a future life of crime and misery for these children themselves, and of future burdens to the state ; of an expenditure that may crush us. it may be said that we cannot by any compulsion make these children turn out well, and that he admitted. We cannot do this in the case of our own, but he maintained that We can prevent them, every one of them, going so certainly and soon to the bad, and that no mere speculativesentiinaiitjalisni should up our hands früiiuiehigc.vciistrcingi^casúre.q that blay' leave the power to render pertain rain. We certainly used strong means to rescue the drowning from the wreck. Now last year we decided to invite the Government to require a certificate of attendance at any of these schools in every case where a grant of public money was made for the support of children. He had himself waited on the administrator of public grants and had this system put in operation No school, no rations ; no school, no pay. The result was immediate and most telling. The masters of all these Free Schools felt the change at once. The relieving officer assured him that it was the most effective scheme that had ever been adopted. And even to-day he had seen in the hands of the latter a pile of the certificates. Iq that, he had taken wise step, in compelling patents, and children to their duty and we had taken, it with a most gratifying success. He trusted that if the Board of Education succeeded in getting an active visiting officer, he would be instructed to corporate in working this check with tllA^Q who are dispensing the public charity. Theatre was a, account treasure' provided by the Legislature in the bite Public Schools Amendment Act. And that met in part the case ; but only in part. It gave the Bench a certain power to come pel parents to ''send " their' children to school. But between the "sending" to school and the " attending " school, there was often a wide gap, The parent might be able in many a case to prove that he "sends a" thotoaohei' might be able to prove that the boy was not there is that he was habitually absent and the police might be able to prove that he was in the streets, or in the gardens, or in full training for mischief and crime. Now that was a practical point with which many of them wished to grapple l ¡,nq levy was it to lie down suflqossfiillv^ ' Simio parents might be' induced of compelled to use their control ; but he' believed there were many in this town who could not. Sonia of these children might be bribed by gifts or gained by kindness In believed again that, there were many at the rooms) beyond bruises, and now. qpcp to kind, pt flu once; living in] a state of libellous reckless hardihood,' lifting the savagery rica, last naked,' houseless, law- less, pilfering existence, absolutely w/edd.ed to it with so strong O; passion, that treaty with' Italy Ua reduced to obedient and civjlUatin.il by restraint and compulsion. And MISS conviction was that we now required to devise some means by which they might be gathered and put under the yoke of djhPlplino and training to which they were most 1 averse. He had vouched the full conviction that the law and the bench ought to deal with the worst of these cases. He should almost implore that it be enacted into a legal offence on town part; of. his children theirselves, Lnomi, valley of than. to altO pûiict)'nnif to'imYiiy at its, of from' l to is years' of age, to his friend or the streets (during school hours' ; ' a penal fault and oflbnoo'tri be finished." He meant trust that ü^ou.yVUe 'dealt with as an offence, not as a crime, or offence whose penalty should leave no lasting stigma, except what may be impressed on the endorser covering of the outer man, but' he, certainly did not see any sound reason Tyley ho Indemnity nurse invalid. witnessed the honorjtH'qf f.'iiiistian training in cultivated homes, should be able to look back with satisfaction on the salutary effects of solitary confinement and a penal diet of broad and water, and the sanctifying influences of the birch, and find that they were reaping now the lasting benefits of that early discipline, and that these children, in their lack of faithful patents, should not find in the immigrant t^acip'ii,o as \k¿\\\\\ country and of ft,? and her eyes started and imprison reinstates,' an illegal, privilege, It was it discipline under which we grow up to be men and women who fear God and honour the King's respect the laws, and make good citizens of the State. There was an objection to that loghlation--that a savoured of the criminal. But he took that objection to savour of morbid senUuieutnuW, He did not propose to stamp that offence with the name or nature of a crime ; but he said that these children were many of them criminal, and many on the way to crime, and it is the act of Christian charity to seek to divert them in its early stages. He knew that a Deforming School was to be proposed, and to that he had only two objections first, the scheme would take too long to mature and second, it would prove too expensive for the parents, once relieved, would never take their children back. He went in, then, for his part, for giving the bench the power to order the birch ; unconfined solitude to put on a regimen of bread and water. He believed in broad and water. Why, only last week, a ragged urchin said to him, " We dont want suns; we want tarts." And he believed, too, in giving a wide discretion in these cases to a bench of two magistrates who had children of their own. And there might, he thought, be a combined action between the police, the relieving officer, and the visting agent of the Board of Education, to sweep the streets clean of idle children during school hours. He wished, in moving the resolution, to commit- no members of the committee to the views he had announced, but he stood there as a Christian man to plead for the sake of the children themselves for some decided measure that would secure their obedience, and bring them under culture and control. They were all still within the reach of discipline, and might be rescued and raised from a had life and a bad end. What should any of, those present have been respected and useful to-day-had they been left to find their own way without guidance and control to drift on the tide of temptation to rush, without a hand to hold them back, headlong into early vice ? If the sun had been that of the parties, it may become theirs ' too if there was a duty they owed these children and they left it undone. Mr. Henry COOK seconded the motion, express- ing the opinion that the children of the ragged schools' ought to be taught trades, and that in that respect the teaching of the ragged schools was deficient. The motion was carried. The Hon. P. O. FYSH moved the next resolution That the cordial thanks of this meeting are due to His Excellency for his kindness in presiding for his many valuable addresses and for the pomonal interest which lie and Mrs. Du Cane have ever displayed in Mr cause of these Schools. The hon. gentleman, in moving the resolution, took occasion to refer to the probable early departure of His Excellency, and hoped that his successor would i evince the same interest in educational matters as he (Mr. Du Cane) had done. He also intimated that he was prepared to contribute a tenth of the amount required to make up the deficiency for the year, and expressed the opinion that his friends, the Premier and the Attorney-General, would lend the same assistance to place the Society on a good footing for the new year. (Applause.) Mr. CuosBY seconded the motion, and the Bishop having been voted to the chair, conveyed to His Excellency the thanks of the meeting. His EXCELLENCY acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting terminated. 